 It's still a little bit hard to walk, isn't it?
 It's still a little bit hard to walk, isn't it?
 Hello everybody and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a QI podcast coming to you from our offices here in Covern, Gardurn.
 Dan Shriver is still a way that we are working on the pronunciation.
 My name is Andrew Murray and I'm here with three of the other QI elves.
 We are Ann Miller, James Harkin and Anna Tajinsky and we have gathered around the microphone to bring you our four favourite facts
 from the last seven days and there are a lot of other facts we found out off the back of those.
 So, let's get going. The first fact of today is Anna.
 My fact is that from the year 800 to the year 1349 the Colosseum was used as an apartment block.
 Really?
 Yeah, but yeah, we only discovered this a couple of years ago, a bunch of archaeology was done at the Colosseum and they excavated it and they discovered things like sewage pipes and that is evidence that it used to be a block of flats.
 And we know it was owned, it was bought by monks and then they would rent it out to normal people who would take a flat there.
 That's good.
 That's what happened and the space where they all did all the fighting and the back in the ancient world was a communal living space where they'd have their market space
 or where they'd graze their animals or where they'd just hang out.
 Have a barbecue.
 Have a barbie of a Sunday afternoon, yeah?
 It was used for a lot of things, wasn't it? It wasn't just an apartment block once it had fallen into disrepair.
 I read that it was used for lots of trades like cobblers and blacksmiths and also glue makers and also a fortress for 12th century wallards called the Frangie Pernie.
 Oh, man, thanks.
 Yeah, that was their main weapon of choice.
 I think the old place they just smothered people with delicious, delicious, comestibles.
 I think it was used as a dumping ground so between when all the vicious sports were banned there in the 5th century and when it was bought up by these monks about 500 years later,
 it was used as just a garbage dump where everyone dumped their old detritus.
 I mean, I guess you've got a big story century, you might as well put stuff in it.
 Yeah, it's weird there. They obviously didn't have much respect for this amazing edifice.
 I think that happens in general around the world, doesn't it?
 Something will go slightly into disrepair and then people will just steal bits of it to build their own houses and whatever you use, what you can, don't you?
 Yeah, there is actually in the St Andrews.
 We have so quite a lot of St Andrews is places to visit and blew down because it's quite a windy place.
 So the castle blew down.
 The castle blew down.
 The castle blew down.
 They shouldn't have made that a straw, shouldn't they?
 It was on the coast.
 The cathedral blew down and they built it back at blew down again.
 But they've got this room bowl sort of bits they found around the town and there's one bit this statue that would be on top of a tomb
 and they found that used to be made someone's windowsill on one of the town streets.
 Oh really?
 They found it like hang on, this belongs to the cathedral and then take it back.
 So they didn't call the Colosseum the Colosseum, did they?
 No.
 That's a medieval name for it.
 They called it the Flavian amphitheater and also the name Colosseum comes from word for big.
 But it's not because that's big, it's because it's next to another statue which happened to be big.
 Really?
 What?
 There was a huge statue of nearby and that was so big that the area became known as the big statue place.
 That's great.
 The Pantheon burnt down twice.
 So the Pantheon, the inscription on it reads, "Marcus the Gripper, son of Lucius, consul for the third time, built this."
 When actually he died about a hundred years before it was built because he built the initial one but it just kept burning down.
 We shouldn't have made it out of sticks.
 People in building materials.
 He's talking as available for architectural consultancy to any little pigs listening.
 So in the Colosseum itself when you were having games there, the person who organised and paid for the games was called the editor.
 Which I did not know.
 That's rather nice.
 So he was selecting who played or was he...?
 Well, I think he definitely got to choose who lived and who died.
 So obviously it didn't.
 Oh, it's fake.
 If it's someone who decides who lives and who dies, that means it's kind of fixed a bit like WWF wrestling.
 To think people complained about that a lot and there was a genuine wrestling place around the corner.
 These guys are really injured.
 Well Greco-Roman wrestling is not from Greece or Rome.
 It's from France.
 Great.
 It's invented in France and they gave it the name because they thought it was probably similar to what they did in classical times.
 That's very fun.
 So when was it invented?
 A couple of hundred years ago.
 Oh, okay.
 It was based on, like, there's a French wrestling.
 Oh gosh, I wish I could remember what it's called.
 I think it's called "Savat" or something.
 And what happens is you kind of crouch down like a crab and then you kick people like that.
 And it was done on ships.
 And because the ships rock all the time, you had to hold onto like a bar so you didn't fall over.
 And so you do all your wrestling with your feet.
 Now, this is all coming from memory.
 This is how you all be completely wrong.
 It's like your shin kicking, isn't it?
 But that was they were in barrels, they couldn't fall over.
 I don't understand how big the barrel must be for you to get two of you in it kicking each other.
 Well, if it's like ones they make whiskey in like 40 years, they're pretty big, aren't they?
 Yeah, I suppose so.
 But then also, there's no fun for any contestants unless you ever see through barrel.
 It's like having a football match where you can only see the waist up of all the players.
 Well, maybe you're looking down into it.
 Well, Diogenes lived in a barrel.
 So they must be quite big.
 You can't have people round much.
 They're a barbecues.
 Your plays are mine.
 I think mine again, if that's okay.
 Diogenes.
 And this is another thing I learned about this week about the Greeks.
 The ancient Greeks used to paint obscene pictures on the inside of their drinking vessels,
 of their wine glasses, and then they would reveal themselves to you as you drunk.
 So there's pictures of a man, and then his willy is in the bottom of the glass.
 And as you drink it, you can't see it.
 Sorry, it's a picture of his willy.
 Wow, that's amazing.
 Yeah, it's not, yeah.
 I used to have a pen like that.
 I remember they made those pens where you'd tell them upside down,
 and a picture is either rude or normal depending on that.
 I'm just imagining someone coming round going,
 "I'm going to read your tea leaves."
 Oh my god!
 That is rude.
 And also they used to paint eyes on the bottom of the glass,
 so that when you drank it looked like you were wearing a mask.
 See, they're making a combo.
 I bought my brother party cups, so they got novelty noses.
 So when you drink, he got like a beaker or a pig's lower.
 Honestly, 2000 years too late.
 That's amazing from the Greeks.
 I read a thing about the Colosseum as well,
 which is that in the 1500s,
 it was inspired by the previous people who lived in the Colosseum.
 Pope Sixthus the Fifth wanted to turn it into a wool factory,
 so the factory would be on the ground floor,
 and then living quarters on the top.
 But he died and they ran out of money and didn't get made.
 I like Sixthus the Fifth as well.
 Was there a Sixthus the Sixth?
 I can't even say that.
 It's too much of a tongue twister, that's why.
 He was actually the Sixth, he just had to say it was the Fifth.
 No one could pronounce Sixthus the Sixth.
 Sixthus the Fourth, Sixthus the Fifth, Sixthus the Seventh.
 Roman Concrete is quite interesting,
 the material that they made the Colosseum out of,
 in that we don't know how it's lasted so long,
 and we've sort of lost the exact formula for Roman Concrete
 and how they made it.
 So the concrete that we use now is stronger
 than what the Colosseum is made out of.
 But it wouldn't last nearly as long, it roads much faster.
 And they think it's because it uses a lot of volcanic ash,
 and that's much harder to erode.
 And then they also used animal fat and milk and blood
 to kind of adhere it together, didn't they?
 I guess the Colosseum had first supplies.
 Scuba nuts, builders and play.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, quite cool.
 And all this is cool, in ancient China,
 they used to use sticky rice as a building material
 to stick stuff together in their concrete equivalent.
 Did it work? Yeah, worked really well.
 It's still standing. Still standing.
 If you think about it though,
 if you have like a Chinese takeaway,
 and then the day after it's on a plate,
 and the rice is still on the plate,
 it's pretty hard to get off its sticks a lot, yeah.
 On the Colosseum, just a couple of things I thought you might like.
 So two American tourists chipped off a bit of the Colosseum in Rome,
 and they later returned it,
 but they returned it 25 years later in 2009.
 They felt really bad about it, every time they look at it,
 in their collection of things they've stolen from Lama.
 Do you know that people often steal bits of Uluru,
 which is Ezra.
 Oh, yeah.
 But they almost always send it back,
 and they get these very often,
 they get these bits of Uluru sent through the post
 to the National Park.
 And the reason is, because people steal it,
 and then they have some bad luck,
 and they always blame it on the fact that they stole this from
 as rough as so they always send it back.
 You know there's gladiator guys who hang around outside it,
 asking tourists if they want to have their photo taken.
 Wolf and Shadow and...
 Yeah.
 So I love this story.
 Italian police arrested 20 of them recently
 in an undercover operation,
 because they were intimidating all the rival gladiators
 and being physically aggressive with them.
 Yes, that's brilliant.
 How did they arrest them with like a net?
 That's the thing.
 Some police officers had to dress as gladiators
 to get evidence of them being intimidating.
 And then they took down the...
 I just think it's the funniest story.
 So an elaborate sting operation?
 Arresting them for being aggressive
 when they are dressed as gladiators.
 Arresting them for fighting each other as well.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I think they get in trouble because they sort of say
 I'll post for a picture, then like demand 30 euros or something.
 And then the story is that some of the rogue ones
 would like take your camera and then wouldn't give it back
 until you paid them a certain amount of money.
 Because they need to pay for their freedom.
 Otherwise they'll be gladiators for life.
 And that's no life.
 They used to die the sand in the coliseum red.
 Didn't they to make it blend in with all the blood?
 No.
 Have they died?
 I'm not sure with blood.
 The walls were made out of blood.
 An animal that's on whatever.
 I think there's not enough blood in this area.
 Okay, so what about some unusual places to live?
 Yeah.
 There was a guy in Morocco called azayadine old barja
 and he and his family listed city toilets as their official address.
 So they were living in a toilet block.
 Fed up with his situation, he went to his local newspaper to tell his story
 but then the local authorities read the article
 and then blocked up the toilet's entrance with cement and concrete
 so he couldn't live there anymore.
 Wow.
 Isn't that the saddest story you've ever heard?
 Was he going from stall to stall?
 Did he have a bedroom stall and a living room stall
 and a library stall?
 A library stall and a bathroom.
 Does anyone have anything else?
 Oh, I just had that one, just unusual housing.
 That's a story that did the rounds a while ago
 about a woman who's found living in a man's cupboard in Japan.
 Then he only found out when food started vanishing from his fridge
 and then he set up cameras and she moved in to his cupboard.
 What?
 Japanese times are quite small generally.
 You would notice.
 It was a cubby hole in the cupboard area
 and she said she'd been there for a year but only on and off.
 Oh my god.
 So if you have a cupboard you don't go into, just check them every now and again.
 Which then cement her cupboard up.
 Maybe I could get back in.
 Okay guys, and let's move on to fact number two
 which this week comes from James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that you can be find for swearing in Australia
 and in the last financial year people in Australia's Northern Territory
 paid $48,372 in fines.
 Fuck off.
 That's unpredictable.
 Why are people being fined for swearing?
 Yeah, I mean it's actually been against law
 in lots of different countries at different times.
 Yeah.
 It's illegal in this country to use threatening, insulting or abusive behaviour
 especially against police
 but that's not necessarily swearing.
 You could still swearing not be abusive.
 But you're tone.
 He said banana in a really menacing way, like in trouble.
 Tell some of the F-off quite friendlyly.
 When Australia introduced this law there were lots of sweary protests
 and one of them was called the fuck walk.
 I found a quotation from it which was from a green MP
 in the Victoria State Parliament called Colleen Hartland.
 She said, is farty poo bum a swear word?
 Is windy bottom a swear word?
 Yeah, it's a very valid point
 because you can just say very very mild things
 but it's all about the intent as you say the banana.
 Where were we?
 I read this fact on a website called Nothing to Do With Our Broath.
 It's a blog of weird news from around the world.
 In the article that I read they had an interview with local man Jack Bullen
 who said, I find those words slip into my vocabulary even when they shouldn't.
 I think the heat contributes to people being more aggressive
 but swearing isn't really a sign of aggression.
 It's more of a communication tool.
 Mr. Bullen has lost his job at the primary school.
 And then the article goes on.
 Some residents said they had no idea letting loose a foul malty raid
 could cost them a fine.
 Others just didn't give a shit.
 It's been, it's gone back for centuries being fine for swearing.
 Oh yeah. Don't expect to the 18th century?
 I think no centuries at all.
 The purest of all.
 And this is quite interesting.
 The finds that you got very, according to your social class
 so the profane oaths act of 1745.
 You got to find five shillings if you were a gentleman
 or above two shillings if you were below that.
 And only one shilling if you were a day worker or a common soldier
 or a tailor or something like that.
 So it was worse if you were well bred to be.
 Yeah, that was the idea.
 Or it could be just that you could afford more.
 Or so you'd like her and that more.
 Is it in Sweden where you're driving fine depends on how much you earn?
 Yeah.
 So it means tested finding.
 In Sydney you can get the fine went up a couple of years ago
 for swearing from $150 to $500.
 Oh wow.
 But the worst thing is as soon as you get fine
 and they tell you that you're the swearing out.
 Double fine.
 I was reading this brilliant book,
 except from a book online about history of swearing
 and said that so in the original OED, just 1888,
 they just got bloody as like the worst, most terrible word.
 But being Victoria they didn't list the affinities.
 Bloody was the worst word they could put in the OED.
 So it's just that this is the worst of them.
 The ones that were the ones that were list.
 But then it's better.
 So there's another book which is in 1785.
 The classical dictionary of the vulgar tongue
 included the word "huffle",
 which was too filthy for explanation.
 And in a later book there's another book
 that wouldn't describe what bagpiping was.
 What is bagpiping?
 I think they were both for Felatius.
 The Victorians were not impressed.
 But halfling and bagpiping, "huffle".
 They were originally called House Felatio.
 Actually, Felatio does sound like a magic word.
 That's what I'm talking about.
 That's Felatio.
 I don't know what would happen.
 I can't do it.
 So the bloody was really bad, wasn't it?
 And when Pigmalion came out
 and Elizadolittle said the word "bloody",
 there was like a big scandal about it.
 So Elizadolittle, in Pigmalion, said,
 "Walk, not bloody likely in this podcast."
 And the quote is,
 "The first night's audience greeted the word with a few seconds
 of stunned, disbelieving silence
 and then hysterical laughter for at least a minute and a quarter."
 That's what I think is so nice.
 These stories of when swear words weren't as bad.
 I think we've kind of missed out on words of really, really uncommon,
 unless you're a soldier or a sailor or something.
 Maybe there are words, and we just don't know them.
 Huffling.
 We don't know for a minute.
 The army has new top secret swear words.
 So yes, swearing was worse in medieval times, wasn't it?
 Because they were always blasphemous.
 But in blasphemy was obviously a terrible thing.
 And you could, I think you could be killed for it.
 Yeah, probably.
 But the user thing that swearing would physically hurt,
 like blasphemy, would physically hurt Jesus Christ.
 So the words that you could possibly say was Jesus Christ's nails.
 And that was absolutely horrific.
 And that's because he's up in heaven and you physically hurt him every time you say that.
 Or if you say, "By Christ's blood," then, you know, I don't know, he leads.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I think that's where bloody comes from, isn't it, from the blood of Christ, probably.
 I think so. I'm not sure what sounds come from the phrase God's wounds.
 Sorry, sorry. What's this word, what's that you're telling us?
 You must have heard it before.
 Yeah, we've heard it, but you say it as though it's a standard parlance.
 So ever there's links. Yeah, it's like in a comic in Scooby-Doo.
 Yeah. Well, yeah, that's probably a palliative version of sounds.
 So these are what's called minced oats.
 So, all right, good ducks.
 Have you heard the word good ducks?
 God's hooks, no.
 Okay, it's another old school swear word.
 And it was, yeah, exactly by God's hooks.
 Yeah, that could be where zikes comes from, then. God's hooks.
 Yeah. Yeah, I think it might be.
 And so it's a minced, both of them, minced oats itself.
 Yeah. And there were things like slid, which was from the late 16th century,
 which was by God's eyelid.
 Really, it's foot by God's foot.
 It's just taking all these body parts, right?
 About 0.7% of the words we use are swear words.
 Which doesn't sound like very much, but, apparently, that's the same as pronums.
 So we swear on our fridge as much as we're saying, like,
 your hour or hour sales a lot.
 It is quite a lot, isn't it?
 I don't even know if they're including sounds.
 Time for fact number three, which is my one this week.
 And it is that when the first transatlantic cable was laid in 1858,
 the reception on it was so bad that it took 17 hours to send the first message across.
 Wow. Yeah.
 Similar to our Wi-Fi in this episode.
 It's a message from Queen Victoria to President Buchanan Urgent.
 Probably not.
 But depends. It was a 98 word to be fair.
 So it was longer than your average text.
 Are there any swear words in that?
 There's fervently reciprocal and pleasure.
 But they're not. So wait a minute, wait a minute.
 The Queen sent a message to the president about reciprocal pleasure.
 It was the first sex. I think we believe.
 The friendship is founded on their common interests and reciprocal as steam.
 The Queen has much pleasure in thus directly communicating with a lot of internationalist flannel.
 The first time they could communicate directly over 17 hours.
 Before that it would have taken something like 12 days to get a message across.
 So it was an incredible achievement.
 But the story of how they installed the first cable is just unbelievable.
 They had one across the English Channel.
 That was the first one.
 And this was after decades of people just testing it out in ponds and things like that.
 So the first apps were just people with their garden ponds.
 They just put a load of cable in the ponds and see it saw if they could get a message from one end to the other.
 And they could.
 I know that there was a whale scare in that laying of the first one.
 They wrote that they saw a whale swimming over the cable.
 And they thought, "Oh my god, it's going to ruin it."
 And then it brushed up against it and swam on its way.
 But it was quite rubbish, wasn't it?
 The reception wasn't good for the one you're talking about the first one.
 Because it just wasn't successful.
 So it was broken within a month, I think,
 by this guy called Wildman White House, who applied excessive voltage to it trying to get the signal better,
 I guess, and trying to make it take less than 17 hours.
 His full name is amazing.
 It was Edward Orange Wildman White House.
 And actually, the Victoria one wasn't the very first message.
 The very first ever transatlantic message read,
 "Laws, White House received five-minute signal.
 Coil signals, two-week delay.
 Try drive slow and regular.
 I have put intermediate pulley.
 Reply by coils."
 There's always, like, the first telegraph was supposedly what God hath wrought.
 And actually, it wasn't. It was telegraph test.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, and the first words on the moon were supposed to be one small step.
 But actually, it was contact light.
 Yeah.
 Oh, but you know the Alexander Graham Bell thing.
 Oh, yeah.
 So, 40 years after that first seminal phone call,
 there was the first ever transcontinental phone call,
 which went from Boston to San Francisco.
 And they tested it several months before,
 so it wasn't the first actual contact.
 But they did a ceremony where Alexander Graham Bell and Watson
 spoke by telephone to each other over the same connection.
 And they did a reprise of the original conversation.
 So, he said, "Mr. Watson, come here, I want you."
 And then Watson replied, "It would take me a week to get to you this time."
 It's not cool.
 "Mr. Watson, come here, I want you."
 I think that was the first sexting.
 That was the first booty call.
 Yeah.
 So, the first time they used cables in a telephone conversation
 between the US and Britain was in 1927.
 And the Guardian has quite a funny description of it.
 So, it relays the conversation.
 We don't know who took part in this conversation.
 But the Guardian says, "Conversation is quite unordered
 by the marvel in which they were taking part,
 fell back as we all do on the weather,
 which was quite bad enough on either side to make a strong bond of sympathy.
 Indeed, a more pleasantly futile dialogue
 could hardly have taken place over a suburban party wall
 in dullich or Trolton come hardy."
 And that, which so astonishingly bridged the ocean.
 This is quite interesting, though, actually.
 Only one unusual item of small talk broke its commonplace flow,
 and we may take it that in trans-oceanic gossiping,
 what's the time with you has come to stay as an addition of conversation.
 Suddenly, the idea of a time difference,
 which had never been considered before, became a thing.
 It would be like, "What is a different time of day?
 Hadn't crossed my mind, and people were apparently astonished by this."
 It's still now if you ring people up in another country.
 It's like, "What time is it there?"
 Exactly, so that was quite a good prediction, wasn't it?
 I've been up for eight.
 I still find it amazing that most of the internet
 is going around the world in undersea cables.
 Yeah, it's odd.
 It's really odd.
 There are nearly 300 communications cables under the sea around the world.
 And there are these vast things,
 and lots of them are not even on.
 There are 20 which are not yet in use,
 which are called dark cables.
 Eventually, they will be in use if our bandwidth increases,
 and they cost hundreds of millions of dollars.
 So the first message that was sent over the ARPANET,
 which was like the pre-carser to the internet.
 It was where the internet started.
 It was in 1969. Do you know what the message was?
 What time is it with you?
 It was not that.
 Was it Ed Bowles?
 Was it Logan?
 It wasn't even, it wasn't Logan.
 It was supposed to be because that was the first command
 they were giving, but the system broke down after two letters.
 So it was just low.
 So how do you know he's going to say log in?
 He might be trying to say low.
 Yeah.
 First message.
 Well, I don't think he should have admitted that it was wrong,
 because low could have just been low.
 You know, low.
 You are familiar with like really old schoolers
 that no one uses any more.
 Oh, God's looks I am.
 Dinks.
 You say low all the time, right?
 Low, we're out of teeth.
 That's a real slumber.
 What I'm like around the author.
 What he means is the level of teeth is low.
 He means the level of teeth is low.
 Yeah.
 I know we need to get more supplies.
 The guy who sent the first email doesn't remember
 what it says.
 Oh no.
 I bet he does, but he's embarrassed.
 I think he wrote something embarrassing about a colleague
 and accidentally sent it to the colleague.
 I don't want anybody to know.
 I think Dave is an arse.
 But at that time, there will be two email addresses here today.
 Dave's like, come on.
 The second email is dear Dave.
 I think there may have been a bit of a mistake.
 I was talking, of course, about Dave in accounts.
 Yeah.
 I just think people should plan this.
 I was thinking about this because we talk about the first text
 of the phone calls and the cables.
 And you should plan.
 If you're sending the first email, make sure it's something funny
 or weird.
 Or that people are going to be writing down your books
 and repeating on podcasts.
 My first purpose was it to equivalent if you meet someone
 because they become your best friend or your other half.
 And you don't know.
 So you don't take something profound.
 You just say like five or more.
 I say something profound to every single woman I meet.
 You have to.
 Just in case they become.
 That's the story for the wedding.
 You're like, well, actually, we've had something lovely.
 I am married.
 So.
 Yeah.
 It worked eventually.
 OK.
 Time for fact number four, which comes from Anne.
 Yes.
 Last year, I just celebrated World Vegan Day.
 Peter, the animal charity, asked fry up in Yorkshire
 to change its name to vegan fry up.
 And did they do that?
 No.
 It was a fair offer.
 Peter did say he only had to do it for one day.
 And if they did so, they provide the whole town village
 with a free vegan breakfast, vegan sausages and vegan bacon.
 Try it pleasantly.
 It's called faken.
 Town didn't go for the offer.
 One of the councillors said, first of all,
 there's not really anyone in charge of the town's name.
 So it'd be quite hard to get everyone to agree.
 And that they're not named after an actual fry up after the goddess figure,
 who's Anglo-Saxon pig.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 After whom fry day is named?
 Yes.
 Not the breakfast.
 It really is an indictment of veganism, isn't it?
 When an entire village says they're not willing to change their name
 for one day to all get a free vegan fry up.
 People do not want vegan fry up.
 No matter how much bacon you put in them.
 Yeah.
 Great fry up.
 It's not a very exciting place.
 I tried to find an exciting place.
 I felt a little fry up nearby, isn't it?
 There is.
 That's even smaller and I think less exciting.
 It has no shops, not even a pub, according to Wikipedia.
 It has a telephone box, a post box, a village hall and an outdoor centre.
 And it also has a local cricket pitch and a quits pitch.
 And I think if you're having to claim a brag about your quits pitch.
 But I like the idea of the being a great fry up and a little fry up.
 Yeah.
 Because it's like an option for breakfast, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 But you want to get one sausage for this one.
 Yeah.
 All the health con just people live in a little fry up.
 Yeah.
 Do you read about?
 Do you read this horrible thing as a caffeine?
 Gregorne sells the kids breakfast.
 KID said.
 Not for kids.
 It weighs the same as a child.
 Nine pounds of cut over.
 Basically, yeah.
 Six eggs, 12 bacon pieces, 12 sausages.
 It weighs the same as a child.
 But then the worst thing is that people who are to the quits breakfast might be kids if they don't realise that.
 Yeah.
 And so they get a breakfast which is the same size as that.
 I can possibly beat that though for terrible food ideas.
 So this is again, I'm very proud to say this is my hometown did this.
 Made the news last year.
 Because the local hospital is selling a fry up pie for £1.50.
 And the hospital can't see that.
 Wow.
 Sounds delicious.
 That sounds great.
 Well, one of the bakery said, well, we're already making a full Scottish breakfast in a wrap.
 So we thought.
 I'm not trying to reply.
 I've always thought when having a full Scottish breakfast, there's not enough carbohydrate.
 So keep me going until 11th is.
 In Bolton, we would have, like, pasty barms.
 It's quite common or a pie bar.
 Oh yeah.
 In Wig and they'd have that.
 What's that?
 Is that something you rub on yourself?
 Pie bar.
 Soot your cracked lips.
 Yeah, a pastry into every orbit of your body.
 No, a barms and a barm cake has in a bread roll or whatever you would call that.
 So it's like a pie sandwich.
 It's meat and potatoes.
 So you've got carbs there with your potatoes inside pastry, which is more carbs inside a bread, which is more carb.
 In the new Hampshire, you can buy a scratch card.
 Well, when you scratch it, it gives off the smell of bacon.
 It's called the eye heart bacon scratch ticket.
 Well, that is a very imaginative name.
 What do we call it, guys?
 They should have called it pork scratchings.
 Oh no!
 Come on, people.
 You're so right.
 It's really good.
 There's bacon perfume, isn't there?
 As well.
 You can get bacon tender perfume.
 Well, I think it's good.
 They won't go well with my pie bar and then I will.
 Peter tried to change loads of different places names.
 Haven't they?
 A few years ago, it might have been even this year, they tried to get Nottingham City Council to change the name to Not Eating Ham.
 Oh my goodness.
 How does this ever work?
 Well, I think it does work.
 Yeah, it does work because it gets them in the newspapers.
 The mayor of Fishkill was asked if it's near New York City if they change it to Fish Save.
 Did they contact the mayor of Dead Cow burger meat?
 There's a place called Feather Bed Rocks, which is near Siem and they wanted to call it Synthetic Feather Bed Rocks.
 And also, the pet shop boys, they asked them to change their name to the rescue shelter boys.
 Oh yeah, because they hate pets, don't they?
 They're against pets.
 Did they ask the super furry animals to change their name to the super synthetic furry animals?
 They should have done something.
 Yeah.
 The other thing they tried to change Peter was, I think we mentioned it on the TV show, which is they tried to change fish into sea kittens in the hope that people wouldn't eat them as much.
 Well, that's not an insane idea.
 I mean, obviously, it's an insane idea.
 But the name does severely alter your perception of something, doesn't it?
 Yeah, so for instance, there are other fish.
 There's a fish called a slime head.
 And if you eat that, actually, it's called an orange ruffy.
 So if you eat orange ruffy, the original name of that fish was a slime head fish, but it changed it so that people would eat it.
 So what would it take to agree to change your town's name?
 Would you go for it?
 So there was the town of Clark, Texas, renamed itself Dish, after the Echo Star Communications Dish Network.
 And they all got free satellite dishes on their houses.
 Oh, that's good.
 It's a shame that Clark isn't in Kent.
 I'd be happy to have to change Hack Me into Sky Spots, if they gave me free Sky Spots.
 Yeah, I think I'd sell my town's name immediately for a bag of sweets.
 There was a place in Texas which the mayor and the members of the Chamber of Commerce,
 they wanted voters to approve the name change they had in mind.
 This was in 2005.
 The place is called White Settlement.
 The measure was voted on and was defeated by 9-1.
 As one resident said, why don't they go ahead and change the name of the White House to the West House?
 It's all a bunch of poppycock.
 The thing is, the White Settlement is named from the 1840s when a community of White Settlers occupied an area surrounded by several Native American villages.
 Right, so it's not an Inners index.
 Sorry, sorry.
 It's not like being called Mr White.
 There is a village in Spain called Castillo Matajudios, which translates as "Fort Kill the Jews".
 They voted last year to change their name and it went through.
 It takes about a year for the process to go through.
 So by around June or July this year they should change their name.
 You've got to be not interested.
 I mean, I know it's offensive, but it is interesting.
 It's really interesting.
 You've got to wonder why I took them so long.
 Yeah, it dates back from the expulsion of the Jews in 1492 by King Ferdinand and Queen Isabella.
 Wow.
 So it's just a very long historical thing, but they've finally voted to do that.
 You can get a map.
 I wanted to get some of the Christmas of all the funny place names in the UK.
 I mean, there is just riddled with them.
 It's really good.
 Yeah, I mean, there are so many.
 What's the best?
 I like Nether song.
 I think that's my favourite name.
 I like Brown Willey, which is the highest points of visit Dorset or Della.
 Bowman Moore, the highest point of Bowman.
 There is a meteorological effect called the Brown Willey effect.
 Yeah, which is where banks of cloud hit hill, go high.
 And then it leads to at least a rain, at least a thin drizzle all across Bodman Moore.
 Brown Willey effect.
 Someone getting undressed in the morning.
 Oh, God, it's going to rain today.
 That's the most disturbing lever apart, I've ever heard.
 I'm now over to Jeff with the web.
 Oh, my God.
 I'm going to rain, guys.
 It's going to rain.
 Okay, that's all of our facts for this week.
 Thank you very much indeed for listening.
 We hope you've enjoyed the show.
 We will be back next week with more facts and a special guest.
 A horrible history is resident historian Greg Jenner.
 If you do want to follow us on Twitter, you can do that, because that's a thing.
 And it's available on...
 I'm @millar_am.
 James.
 @egshaped.
 I'm @andruhunterm and Anna is not on Twitter, but...
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Okay, so thank you very much again for listening.
 And we will see you next time.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
