 [music]
 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Things A Fish,
 where we were joined by the brilliant Maddie Motte.
 Now, if you have children of a certain age,
 then you will know exactly who Maddie is.
 She is often seen on the BBC doing various kid shows,
 especially once related to science communication.
 But if you want to know more about her having heard her today on this show,
 and I'm absolutely certain you will, then the best thing to do
 is to go to her YouTube channel.
 So Maddie's YouTube channel is all about curiosity.
 It's all about animals, about plants, about travel,
 about technology.
 She is really right up her street.
 She loves everything about knowledge,
 and her videos are absolutely fantastic.
 And if you want to find them,
 then go to youtube.com/maddiemote,
 that's M-A-A-D-I-E-M-O-A-T-E,
 or just search for Maddie's name on the internet.
 If you'd like to learn more about us,
 and what we're up to at the moment and in the future,
 then the best place probably at the moment is to go to Patreon.
 So if you go to patreon.com/nosuchthingsoffish,
 you can sign up there.
 You don't have to pay anything if you sign up.
 It is a place to get little free bits of pieces here and there
 and learn about what's going on.
 And then, of course, on top of that,
 we do have our various tiers.
 If you want to support the podcast financially,
 and in return for doing so,
 you will get all sorts of amazing things.
 From ad free episodes on our lowest tier,
 all the way up to live, internet quizzes,
 and merch and a very top tier.
 Anyway, there's loads to see there,
 so just go to patreon.com/nosuchthingsoffish
 to find out more.
 But in the meantime,
 really hope you enjoyed this show,
 with the Fantastic Maddie Mote.
 On with the podcast.
 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 James Harkin, and Maddie Mote.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Maddie.
 Okay, so I thought I could pose this fact as a question,
 sort of a bit of a guessing game.
 So the fact is, in 1988,
 one particular company had to recall 30 million flutes.
 That is obviously important.
 It's a lot of instruments.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So the question is,
 who is this company?
 - Flute makers. - Flute makers.
 - Flute makers. - Obviously.
 - Yeah. - Flute makers.
 - And they didn't put all the holes in.
 - They didn't, okay. - Oh, good call.
 It's all those flutes.
 It's just a stick, really, that they say now.
 - I was thinking too many holes.
 - Oh, okay. - Can you have too many holes
 in a flute, definitely.
 - Yeah. - Can you?
 - Absolutely. - I think so.
 I think it becomes a different instrument.
 - It's only a better flute up to a point.
 - Yeah, yeah. - I think so.
 - I mean, you need your hands over the holes, don't you?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - So you'd run out of fingers.
 - Oh, but if you had a spare set of hands,
 like a pantomine flute, you know,
 there's someone running the lower bit of the flute.
 - A double flute.
 Is that not a flute that go in both directions?
 - Like Darth Maul's lightsaber.
 - Yeah. (laughing)
 - I feel we've stepped away for another question.
 - To help you out, these flutes
 were actually branded cool flutes.
 So I don't know if that has anything to do with helmets.
 For kids, yeah, yeah, well for younger people.
 And actually, it wasn't just flutes that were recalled,
 but also binoculars that were a little cardboard boxes
 with plastic lenses.
 They were recalled at the same time.
 - Okay, McDonald's.
 - Yeah, I think you're on the mat track.
 - Okay, Burger King.
 (laughing)
 - So I could take, I'll go on out.
 - Used to get toys in cereal.
 - Absolutely, so there you go, bingo.
 So these cool flutes, they were actually found
 in boxes of corn pops.
 And they were recalled by Kellogg's, Kellogg cereal.
 So it turns out these cool flutes,
 they were made up of two little tubes
 that sort of went into a mouthpiece.
 And these tubes, they could fall out
 and they were a choking hazard.
 So they had to recall 30--
 - You know what, they could have done with those flutes.
 Mar holes.
 (laughing)
 - So the reason I was looking at this in the first place
 is because I've been, I guess, fairly interested
 in just this whole world of collectible toys recently
 because it feels like we're getting a bit of a resurgence,
 the idea of blind boxes, toy collectibles is coming back.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - I was thinking, it was so, you know,
 what was my equivalent when I was younger
 in that for me was cereal box toys.
 But then I sort of just started looking
 at the history of cereal box toys
 and the toys were kind of fascinating.
 Like, do you remember any particular toys?
 - I think maybe my earliest ever memory
 is getting some Ghostbusters stickers
 from out of the cereal when the film came out.
 - Wow. - So that was like early 80s, right?
 - Yeah.
 I don't think I was allowed to get the kind of cereals
 which came with toys in them.
 - Oh, no, they didn't have them in all branded day.
 (laughing)
 - They just give you a little leaflet about your mortgage.
 And that's the fun for you to read and find out.
 - It's time for that me to fix this.
 - What about you, Daniel?
 Did you ever get any?
 - I remember the whole enjoyment and excitement
 of getting them.
 Right now I'm drawing a blank on the exact toys.
 But I do remember, like, quite often
 they were within the pack itself.
 You had to open up the plastic
 and you had to go through the fruit loops
 and a lot of families had a policy
 that you had to wait till it fell out during a war.
 As opposed to just getting right in and grabbing it.
 - Totally, it was whoever poured it into their bowl.
 So that was the unwritten rule in our society.
 - And you're an only child, aren't you?
 So you wouldn't have had this issue.
 But obviously, if you've got three or four kids
 and you've only got one tie in a pack.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - Yeah, that's a big deal.
 - Yeah, but I think that's fair enough
 the pouring out thing.
 Like, you don't allow to plunge your hand
 into the Christmas pudding
 to allow the sick to sleep in.
 That's not allowed.
 (laughing)
 - I think I'd more incited to add these childhood.
 (laughing)
 Like, one really interesting thing is
 the people who made them had to make them a certain weight.
 And that is because of something
 called the Brazil Nut Effect.
 That if you get lots of things
 that are different sizes and different weights
 and you jiggle them around,
 eventually the bigger things will end up at the top
 and the smaller things will end up at the bottom.
 And this is something that's,
 you see this in all sorts of places,
 even like in avalanches,
 like the big bits of snow
 will be at the top and the small bits of the bottom.
 But they had this specific size and weight of these toys
 so that they knew that if they were jiggled around
 in transport, the toy would always be kind of in the middle.
 - Ah, that was nice.
 - Ah, I didn't know that.
 - Yes, what was yours?
 You haven't given us your idea.
 - Well, so I remember the color changing spoon
 that I got in cocoa pops.
 - It's you. - Thank you.
 - Yeah, so when it would go into the cold milk,
 it would change color.
 - Oh my god.
 - But actually, one of those looking
 at the various toys they have been over the years,
 it very much started out as China cereal bowls
 that you would have to send off by collecting tokens
 on the back of boxes.
 Then Kellogg sort of saw that they were doing
 this with quaker oats and Kellogg's were like,
 we can get on the back of this.
 So they started making these farm yard story books
 with various flaps that you could make
 funny animals out of.
 And then that sort of like started the spiral of,
 okay, well, what else,
 what toys can we put inside the packets?
 And actually, this was sort of,
 I guess it became extremely popular
 after the Second World War.
 So it's sort of looking at the atomic age.
 So a lot of early cereal box toys are quite,
 literally yes.
 - No, no, no.
 - What?
 - It's genuinely.
 - Oh my god.
 - But genuinely radioactive toys
 were placed inside cereal boxes.
 - Well, then you know where it is in the packet
 'cause you can see the glow.
 - Yeah.
 - When I was a kid that was at first,
 if you were at ReadyBrat,
 you would always have a glow around your whole body.
 I didn't realize it was a ReadyBrat.
 - Please.
 (laughing)
 - I remember if you had too much sunny delight,
 you sort of glowed orange,
 but I was a complete thing.
 - You were all showing that right here.
 - Yeah, yeah, totally.
 But this toy was called the Lone Ranger Atomic Bomb Ring.
 - genuinely.
 - Oh my god.
 - And you would get this inside Kix cereal,
 which you could get for 15 cents is in the US.
 - Wow.
 - It was a gold adjustable ring.
 There was a little removable cap
 at the back, a little red cap that you could take off,
 and that's where you could hide secret messages.
 But then it contained something called,
 now I think I'm saying this right,
 but a spin tharoscope.
 I don't know if anyone's heard of that before.
 It's basically a little device
 that would contain a small amount of radioactive material.
 So in this case, it's something called Pallonium 210.
 - I've heard of Pallonium.
 - There we go, Pallonium.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, normally like Pallonium has been deployed
 on the streets of London,
 not free Pallonium, and you'll say, what?
 - So this was, you know, radioactive material
 discovered by Marikiri.
 Tiny small amounts of it were placed inside this ring,
 and then you would look into the atomic bomb
 through a little sort of lens that contains ink sulfide.
 - Right.
 - And as the Pallonium was decaying,
 obviously you've got alpha particles that are shedding,
 they're hitting the zinc sulfide screen,
 creating little flashes.
 So the idea is your child could look inside the ring
 and actually see the simulations
 of this radioactive material.
 - Yeah, it's the flute we recall.
 (laughing)
 - And because it had choking pieces,
 yet this ring could be sort of taken apart
 with small caps and things,
 and apparently that's fine.
 - That's extraordinary.
 - I read this about this on Snopes, the website,
 and they said that there wasn't enough in it
 to do you any harm?
 - Right.
 - Can I tell you guys my favorite serial promotion ever?
 - Please do.
 - Yeah, we all have one.
 - It's done by Quaker Oats.
 - Okay.
 - It's 1954.
 They bought 19 acres of land in Yukon,
 in the Yukon territory, gold rush country in Canada,
 and they divided up these 19 acres into
 21 million square inches.
 - Right.
 - 21 million property deeds, each one for one square inch,
 and if you sent in a box top,
 you would be sent a square inch of the Yukon.
 - Wow.
 - Wow.
 - How interesting.
 - When was this, Sandy?
 - 1954.
 - Okay. - It was not legally binding.
 - I'll come.
 - Oh really?
 - What does that mean?
 Could you go along and dig in that tiny little hatch?
 - Yeah, let's go.
 - We're like a team of your teaspoon,
 but you got in a serial box, man.
 - One boy who got one sent in four toothpicks
 on some string and he said,
 "Can you fence my end drop please?"
 (all laughing)
 - That's amazing. - So sweet.
 - People do collect these ties.
 Still don't they?
 I went on to eBay to see what kind of things I could buy
 from some little package. - Yeah, I did too.
 (all laughing)
 - Okay, what have we found?
 Maddie, what have you found?
 - Well, actually, it was the ring, the atomic bomb ring.
 I found with the box was going for $645.
 - The box makes a difference, doesn't it?
 - Yeah, it's huge difference.
 - And it's not like, you know, if you buy like a Marvel
 superhero figurine or something,
 it has to be inside the box.
 You just have the box next to it flattened with the tie next.
 - Oh, is that so that's the inside, the box or anything?
 I found one which was some cause monsters
 from Frank and Barry serial in America,
 and there were 1,700 pounds.
 - Wow. - Wow.
 - I don't see anything happening.
 - It feels like a lot.
 - Frank and Barry.
 - You know, Frank and Barry, if you come across them,
 was it the 90s I think in America they had them?
 And they were a bit like, what are those serials
 that have little marshmallows in that have like,
 got leprechauns on?
 - Lucky charms. - Lucky charms, yeah, yeah.
 So it was like that when it was monsters.
 And the marshmallows were like pink and purple and stuff.
 And the kids reat in it, and this die would go straight
 through them and come out of the toilet.
 And it looked like, you know, I've had this
 when my daughter eats beetroot.
 And I'm like, to my wife, believe it,
 believe it, we need to go to any of these.
 No, she had beetroot yesterday.
 But like it would come out and they had a thing called
 Frank and Barry stool that was in like medical papers
 saying, this is right.
 - It looks like people had blood in the paper.
 - Was this one of the serials
 that was basically 95% of sugar?
 - Yes.
 - With some, like, I don't want to say,
 'cause I think they might still be extant.
 But yeah, I think there was a lot of sugar in them.
 But the interesting thing about that is,
 so serials, Kellogg's, like the Kellogg's brothers,
 they had a sanatorium in North of America somewhere.
 - That's crazy.
 - But like, Battle Creek, that's it.
 And there were two brothers,
 and one of the brothers decided
 we're gonna start putting sugar in it
 in order to attract younger people to eat it
 and not just be a health food,
 and they really fell out over that.
 And they properly fell out.
 - But ultimately, it was the fact
 that these were sugary serials,
 which is why we stopped getting serial box toys.
 It was meant there were many factors,
 but one of them was the fact that these were
 slightly less nutritious foods.
 I think there was, there was a pledge,
 it was a voluntary pledge,
 which included the likes of General Mills and Kellogg's,
 they got together and they said,
 "Hey, you know what, it's not right for us
 "to push less nutritious foods at children,
 "which is why they started taking toys away."
 Although, first, they removed toys for children,
 but that's when they started putting in things
 like pedometers and reflective bike stickers.
 So they didn't sort of remove things on it.
 - Tell me more.
 (laughing)
 - But yeah, so that was kind of their attempt to be like,
 "Okay, we're not putting toys in them,
 "but we've had sports-related gifts in."
 - Can I tell you guys something about a friend of the podcast?
 - Yes. - So, Henry Perky,
 you guys might remember?
 - Yeah.
 - "Eventer of Shredded Wheat."
 - Yeah. - And father of the man
 who then invented round shredded wheat.
 - Okay. - Yeah, yeah.
 - Very much at Nipo-Serie last minute.
 - Absolutely.
 (laughing)
 - I thought it was knitted by Granny's.
 Can't believe it. (laughing)
 - A myth busted.
 (laughing)
 - But his initial intention was not
 making shredded wheat to sell them to people.
 He wanted everyone to buy shredded wheat making machines.
 This was his big thing.
 - Okay.
 - He created a machine which shredded wheat.
 And then people just said,
 "Can we have some more of the shredded wheat, please?"
 And he said, "Anyone of the machine that makes it?"
 So they could've been, well, we'll be all hedge on our counter.
 - Like a soda stream.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - Or an average.
 - I just slightly ran him a question for you, Maddie.
 So when I first moved to Australia when I was 12,
 I became star-struck when I met the voice
 of the Australian cocoa pop monkey.
 - I know the British one.
 - Well, this is what I was gonna ask.
 You must know all of these people
 because of what you do.
 - Yeah.
 - The world of voices for these iconic characters.
 - This is so bizarre that you've asked me this
 because genuinely one of my best friends
 is the voice of the cocoa pop monkey.
 - Oh my God.
 - No, I'm not even kidding.
 - Oh my gosh.
 - I'm genuinely, yeah.
 - Why?
 - Yeah, he does really well from it.
 But the cocoa pop monkey doesn't talk so much anymore.
 So as far as I'm aware, every couple of years,
 they'll say, "Hey, can you come to the recording booth
 "and he'll just have to record a giggle?"
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, I was gonna say,
 I know that cocoa would recognize his voice.
 - No, Tony the Tiger is the one that I'm gonna say.
 - I would recognize it.
 If he was in the room next door,
 if I was in a restaurant,
 Tony the Tiger was at the next table.
 - You'd ask to be moved.
 - No, I would recognize it.
 - Oh, I think so, you know what I mean?
 (laughing)
 - Guy, he thinks everything's great.
 - Yeah.
 - The guy's soup is not great.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - As far as I know that in his many years
 of being the voice of the cocoa pop monkey, cocoa,
 I don't think the monkey talks much.
 Chocolatey goodness, something about 10 to the milk chocolatey.
 - Oh, you said that, yeah.
 - I think that was kind of the catchphrase.
 - That was a song when they briefly
 and ill-fatedly changed their name to chocolate crispies
 and then realized too late it didn't scan
 when I'd rather have a bowl of chocolate crispies.
 (laughing)
 - Thank you, back.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that after years of publicly arguing
 that the Milky Way is the only galaxy in the universe,
 one of Harvard University's head astronomers
 realized that actually he was wrong
 and then went on to map 76,000 galaxies.
 - So awkward.
 (laughing)
 - Who was he?
 - His name was Harlow Shapley.
 He lived 1885 to 1972, American astronomer,
 and he served as the head of the Harvard College Observatory.
 Now, what's amazing is up until the 1920s,
 most astronomers believe that our galaxy
 was the single galaxy in the universe.
 That was it.
 If we were expanding, it would have been into that.
 That was the idea of the time.
 So, suddenly a few scientists started coming up
 saying actually I think it might be a bit bigger.
 One of whom was Edwin Hubble.
 And Shapley really thought that this was junk science.
 He took part in a debate with a man called Curtis
 where they both presented their findings
 to say whether or not it was the case
 and he stuck with it.
 And so it wasn't until Hubble eventually showed him proof
 by sending him a letter of something that he discovered
 that he then said this is completely destroyed my universe
 and accepted it, which is the wonderful thing about science.
 It's not opinion.
 If the facts are in front of you, you can go onto map 76,000 galaxies.
 So, it's quite nice.
 That is such a good quote as well.
 This is the letter that destroyed my universe quite literally
 and in many, many ways.
 I love that.
 It's really cool.
 This debate they had is known as the Great Debate
 between Shapley and Curtis.
 And basically, Curtis thought that there was extra galaxies.
 And Shapley thought that there was only one galaxy
 but that we weren't in the middle of it.
 We were kind of on the side of it.
 And Curtis thought that we were in the middle of our galaxy
 and it turned out they were both wrong
 or both right at the same time, which again is quite good about science.
 It's like you might be right, you might be wrong or more likely.
 You might be kind of right in some ways and wrong in some ways.
 Yeah, because we're not in the middle of our galaxy.
 We're on an arm, right?
 We're on an outer tentacle.
 Exactly.
 The giant great octopus.
 Thank you.
 The center of our galaxy is within the Sagittarius constellation
 and actually it's the part of the Sagittarius constellation.
 I think it's the five brightest stars
 that make up the shape of a teapot.
 So actually, the center of our galaxy, the Milky Way,
 is sort of just above the spout of a teapot.
 I know, it looks like a teapot.
 Shine British flag at the same time.
 Yeah, it's a very British flag.
 Yeah.
 So it was Edwin Hubble that basically proved Shapley that he was wrong.
 But this isn't the first time that Edwin Hubble has proved somebody wrong.
 Oh, really?
 In fact, he also proved Einstein wrong.
 At one point as well.
 Back then, Albert Einstein was looking at his calculations of space
 and going, this doesn't really quite make sense
 because if gravity is such a big, important thing,
 then surely everything should be coming towards each other.
 Surely the galaxy should be shrinking.
 So to make sense of the math,
 he introduced this thing called a constant,
 a cosmological constant, which is just from now on.
 Space is static.
 I say it's still because that's what makes sense.
 Wow.
 And then Hubble came along and was like,
 oh, really sorry, but actually look at this, here's my proof.
 We now know about looking at the way light moves
 and looking at redshift.
 I can tell you that the universe is in fact expanding.
 So I'm sorry, you're wrong.
 And Einstein said, yeah, that was probably my greatest blunder.
 Why knock some down, doesn't he?
 Yeah.
 Hubble didn't have a funeral.
 His wife wouldn't tell anyone what had happened to him.
 I just find this mysterious.
 Oh, we know how he died, right?
 Like it was in a mysterious death.
 I don't know. But I know that he died.
 I think, yeah, I think probably he died normally.
 And then she just didn't tell us the location.
 What Einstein is, we're not saying
 there's anything nefarious going on with his wife.
 Yeah, I'm not saying there isn't, though.
 Are you?
 Well, I'm just not saying, I mean, it's a cold case.
 I'm saying, we don't know.
 And that's actually the scientific method
 to just saying, don't know, and then hope someone else does the work.
 No, he didn't have a funeral.
 And his wife refused to say either where he was buried
 or whether his ashes had been scattered or where
 or anything like that.
 And he was making lots of enemies of scientists
 by proving them wrong every day.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 There's no way to visit, but I guess he does have a fairly big telescope.
 Well, you know, it's just like the observatory up there now
 that we can all remember him by his face.
 Yes, you're right.
 He didn't start out as a scientist.
 He started out thanks to family pressure studying law.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because his family taught him like there's no future in this science thing.
 And then he spent a year teaching high school physics, which I love.
 Imagine if Mr. Hubble was your...
 Yes, he did.
 Just pretty cool.
 And basketball as well.
 And he was very nifty on the basketball court.
 And not just Nifty.
 He was a major basketball player for his college.
 And a lot of people said he could have become a professional
 in a couple of different sports.
 So he had that little decision to make.
 Well, those guys.
 Good evening.
 Good evening.
 Yeah.
 Shapley also had an interesting beginning
 because he was an incredibly clever kid.
 He advanced in his school years, you know, those kids
 that you hear that graduate, you know, their high school
 when they're like nine.
 He was that kind of kid.
 And he didn't know what he wanted to study.
 And he decided I'm going to just study and do in life what I see first
 on the list, the alphabetical list of subjects for college.
 He said he kept an acrobat.
 Yeah, but only because advox studies were full.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, he said he rejected archaeology because he couldn't pronounce it properly.
 So he picked astronomy.
 It's probably a nice mythology he's created for himself, but that's his claim.
 In the 40s, he rescued lots of his colleagues from the Nazis.
 So lots of scientists in Germany, especially Jewish ones, were being victimized.
 And he got them out of there and brought them over to America and sort of signed, said,
 oh, they're going to be really important for our university.
 So I'm going to get them out here.
 And they reckon he saved up at least a thousand families from the Nazis.
 Wow.
 That was Shapley.
 That was Shapley.
 So the stars will not be of much good to us if we do not preserve the minds with which to
 comprehend them.
 And then after that, he was accused of being a communist.
 And that's because in those days, you could be accused of being a premature anti-fascist.
 If you, if you, like, you were lads and not like you, this never happens.
 So, like, the idea is like you, if you didn't like the fascists in 1945, that was fine.
 But if you didn't like them in the 30s, that was dodgy in America.
 Because they were still, the idea was that Hitler was the one who saved Germany from communism.
 Generally speaking, in America, people were not massively anti the Nazis until the war.
 Yeah.
 And so if you could be seen to be anti them before the war, people thought you were a communist.
 Oh, gosh.
 Isn't that amazing?
 So you had a narrow window to say, you know what?
 I'm not sure about these guys.
 I hear about these.
 Well, yeah, he appeared before the Un-American Activities Committee, the McCarthy Committee.
 Oh, sure.
 But yeah.
 Yeah, really interesting guy.
 Yeah.
 That's fascinating.
 So the, the star that was spotted by Hubble is arguably the second most important star
 in the universe.
 So is this the one that proved that we are?
 Yeah, right.
 Yeah, it's called V1.
 And it's located in the Andromeda Nebula.
 It's 2.2 million light years away.
 And it has 1/100th of the brightness of the faintest star that is visible to our naked eye.
 Right.
 And I've read that it's often used as a marker for when you're judging other galaxies now.
 Because you need a marker point to go where it's further and where it's not.
 Yeah.
 So because it's a little bit dimmer, they can go that is definitely really far away.
 Yeah.
 Way, way further away than anything that could be within our galaxy.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's pretty amazing.
 The naked eye, if you really, really, really look, it just looks like a smudge if it's really
 dark.
 Right.
 They thought it was a star for a long time, and then it was only of course when they got these
 really good telescopes, you could tell that it was a group of stars.
 That's quite a close galaxy, I presume.
 Closest, I think.
 Is it?
 Maybe.
 It's one of our closest.
 I think one day the Andromeda is going to crash into ours.
 All right.
 You don't need to worry about it because it'll be like in millions and millions and millions
 of years.
 Yeah.
 But I've also read that if two galaxies are going to crash into each other, the size of
 galaxies would mean that you would just pass through each other and not notice.
 What?
 Oh, that's cool.
 Yeah.
 The space in between each place in a galaxy is so great.
 Yeah.
 It's so easy to be some collisions.
 We've all just...
 What's playing in the alley, I think, is that the gravity would pull them kind of together
 and they would join the mass of the stars.
 Right.
 There'll be some dents in the fender, I'm sure, at the end of the process.
 Yes.
 50 billion of the stars in our galaxy now, they arrived here eight billion years ago
 when our galaxy collided with another galaxy called the sausage galaxy.
 Amazing.
 Amazing.
 I don't even know where to believe you.
 It's true.
 It's true.
 It's sometimes...
 It's sometimes called the Gaia Enceladus Galaxy.
 Definitely.
 And some places called the sausage galaxy and it collided with ours and we've got a lot
 of stars from around here.
 The sausage and teapot.
 It's basically what we're talking about.
 It's an English breakfast.
 It's just one giant full English that we're living in.
 But on the sausage front, I do think some astronauts have reported just generally space
 to smell a little bit like barbeque and barbeque, yeah, because when they've come back in
 after a spacewalk, they've noticed the scent of barbeque on their spacesuits.
 Wow.
 But also in terms of what does space smell like.
 If we actually look at the Milky Way, so our galaxy, there is an area within the Milky
 Way, got this giant cloud of gas and dust, you've got this a star forming region.
 And they discover that it was packed full of this chemical known as Ethyl Formates, which
 is responsible for giving both raspberries and rum, their flavour.
 Oh.
 So not only do we have the teapot and sausages, we also have rum and raspberries as well.
 Oh, and milk.
 Milk for the tea.
 The Milky Way.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
 How exciting.
 See, we should acknowledge as well a quick shout out to Henrietta Swan Levit, who was known
 as a human computer, and at one point also worked at Harvard University's observatory many,
 many years before Shapley got there.
 She's the person who worked out a thing about the rate of pulses coming out of the star,
 which was then used by Hubble.
 Now I see.
 So she kind of like came up with a standard of this is how you can work out how far away
 the star is by measuring the luminosity of its pulses.
 Now you measure luminosity and crabs, I think, which is the crab nebula has a certain
 luminosity.
 It's a certain luminosity.
 And it's like, is it brighter or less bright than the crab nebula?
 So something seven crabs, it's seven times brighter than the crab nebula.
 Is this just a big, like, bar and grill restaurant out of space?
 Yeah.
 I don't mind it.
 We should start a themed restaurant.
 The menu is looking really, really good.
 I guess, I don't know, but with these, the pulsars, with these stars and a pulsing, the
 sephid stars that we're able to measure distance with, I'm assuming that they're very,
 very unlikely to have life around them, because the light they're emitting is so, so unreliable.
 I've got a room at the moment with a bulb, which is dodgy, and you can't be in that room.
 It's on one of the old dimmer switches, and we put a new dimmer bulb in, and it's just
 an absolute nightmare to be in.
 I hate that.
 Yeah.
 That makes sense to me.
 That's crazy.
 But it's not really hot.
 Thank you, Professor.
 Why really like about this thing about chaply and Hubble is they suddenly increased the size
 of the universe?
 Yes.
 Right?
 So we start with Tollamy all the way back in ancient times, and he thought that the entire
 universe was 20,000 times the Earth's radius.
 20,000?
 Okay.
 And he worked out out by saying, okay, well, the Earth is here in the middle.
 Everything goes round us, and then there's Mercury and Venus and the Sun and Mars and Jupiter,
 and then there's something else and something else, and eventually you get to the stars.
 And he had this nice little sort of nesting tables where everything goes, and he worked
 that out.
 And then Newton comes along and says, okay, well, the stars don't seem to move much according
 to each other, so they don't have parallax, which is parallax is like if you put your thumb
 in front of your face and then close one eye and close the other, it seems to move, but
 if you do it with something far away, it moves much less.
 So he worked out with the stars, they're not doing that, so they must be really far away.
 So that got the universe much, much bigger.
 And then the guy called Friedrich Bessel, he managed to work out the parallax, so there
 is slight parallax and worked out that the, now the universe is light years in size.
 And then we got this great debate.
 We worked out that there's more than one galaxy, and then they found background radiation,
 which meant that suddenly the universe is, we don't know how big it is, but the observable
 universe is as far as light could get to us from when the universe started.
 Yes.
 And I've heard that.
 I just love how it kind of inspires.
 It's really cool.
 Yeah.
 How much further should we go?
 I'm sure it wouldn't be at some stage.
 It'll get bigger still.
 We just don't know how.
 We don't know how.
 Yeah.
 So cool.
 Well, this is I think, you know, the new James Webb Space Telescope.
 Yeah.
 Very, very big telescope.
 I've pushed into orbit for, for better views and things like that.
 And it has found six enormous ancient galaxies, which would be nicknamed the universe breakers.
 And I love this.
 And they shouldn't exist, right?
 Wow.
 Wow.
 There should only be, from the point of where they are, you know, we know how long the light
 has taken to travel to us.
 We know the rough age they are.
 They should not have had time to form, because they date to 500 million years after the
 big bang.
 There should only be tiny baby galaxies there, but they're very well developed.
 And please tell me they look like a Hushbrown.
 We need it on the menu.
 Okay.
 There's time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, the first ever geothermal power station powered five light bulbs or some
 sources say full, but I prefer that I'm backing it.
 I think it's the source I found.
 Yeah.
 And fifth one, it was liable, but it kept going on and off, and it was really a way.
 I just have to tell it off after working the dark.
 This was in 1904, and we're in Tuscany, or lovely, lovely, but with an anti-painter picture.
 Absolutely.
 Well, just hear those Tuscany, local animals and flora and fauna.
 Glass of Montipolciano.
 Beautiful.
 Overlooking the Tower of Pisa.
 Probably.
 The Taurus kind of pretending to hold it up.
 And this is in an area called the Devil's Valley.
 Oh, it's not the Tower of Pisa.
 But I suppose it's appropriate that it was the Devil's Valley because we're going underground
 into the warm.
 And this was where a guy called Prince Piano or Ginori Conti lit up the first ever geothermal
 power station.
 So that is taking.
 We need from underground, bringing it above ground.
 And there are various different ways you can harness the power.
 One of them is by directly using steam from underground to turn a turbine, which then spins
 up and generates electricity.
 There are lots of different methods of doing it, which I'm sure we'll get into.
 But this first little experiment did four or five light bulbs.
 That's so tiny.
 That's so cool.
 But it's the cradle of geothermal, which is now being talked of as a big solution to
 lots of power shortages and a much, much cleaner way of powering the world than fossil.
 So there's a lot of renewed excitement about it.
 And it's still going, isn't it?
 Over a hundred years later, that exact spot they have a huge factory that is producing
 geothermal.
 Yeah.
 That Devil's Valley was the landscape that inspired Dante to make hell in divine comedy.
 So when he writes about hell, he's talking about that place.
 Oh my goodness.
 That's cool.
 That's so cool.
 So not the picture I've seen painting for his at all.
 That's wrong.
 It'd be opposite.
 Yeah, really amazing.
 This guy was here, Prince.
 So I read he was Prince of Trevich Nano.
 I think he was.
 I couldn't get to the bottom of that either.
 It's sort of in some places it didn't mention it and then other places suddenly Prince was attached
 to his name.
 I think he was.
 I think he was narrows the correct.
 He was.
 I'm afraid.
 Second mention for the fascist in the show, he was made for the Mussolini before or after
 it all went wrong.
 He was friends when it was fashionable in Italy to be friends with Mussolini.
 I don't know what happened after the war.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Well, I know what happened to Mussolini.
 Oh, I know.
 But he was processing Boracacid.
 Yes.
 Where is that?
 Boracacid.
 Boracacid.
 From this particular area.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And then he realised that he could make electricity from it and then started this geothermal
 company afterwards.
 Didn't he?
 Right.
 I'm surprised it's first happened in Tuscany actually because when I think of areas of geothermal
 activity, I immediately think of Iceland and that's kind of where I immediately go.
 I think Italy's a relatively big user of geothermal, despite it's a tiny, tiny percentage
 of its power.
 They do have a few volcanoes there, don't they?
 Oh, yeah.
 That's what I suppose.
 Yeah.
 And basically, that's the thing.
 Traditional geothermal relies on very specific conditions, which is it's tectonic things, lots
 of heat close to the surface so you don't need to drill down for miles and miles.
 So Iceland is brilliant because it's got exactly that.
 Kenya is very good for it.
 Iceland has installed underfloor heating outdoors, nice outdoors, like, under the roads and
 tables.
 Yeah.
 It's got so much warm water just you just place the surface.
 They just have, they're stunning.
 That's very clever.
 Yeah.
 It's very clever.
 They also have the, they grow more bananas in glass houses in Iceland than they do anywhere
 else, which I think.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 I know they don't.
 So they aren't growing bananas commercially to sell because they don't actually have enough
 light to sort of the turnover of bananas to be good enough, but they do have a lot of geothermally
 heated greenhouses.
 Right.
 So I think they can get enough heat going.
 I think the greenhouses have to be around 20 degrees permanently to get the bananas to grow,
 but then to also be using the geothermal energy to provide enough light that the bananas
 would also need.
 Yeah.
 It's just not commercially viable.
 So they're like dark bananas that you can harvest?
 Dark.
 In the eight-month night.
 They'll put a bit of light on, but I just don't think it's enough because they need so much
 light.
 Okay.
 But also tomatoes, various tropical fruits, algae, they've grown a lot of algae now using geothermal
 energy in Iceland.
 Lovely.
 Just scrape it off to get your spoon relieved of the superfood.
 Yeah.
 In case you haven't picked it up really, I've got a reputation as the guy on the show who likes
 the boring stuff.
 Oh.
 It's just slightly unfair because we all like the barring stuff.
 Yeah.
 They really get excited, don't they?
 Underfloor heating, invented by the Romans.
 They had like your house or your villa would be maybe a few metres above the ground or a
 metre above the ground, and then people would set fires or boil water underneath and that
 would get you on.
 But they put geothermal underfloor heating in Bath in the city of Bath in the UK, because
 down there there's quite a lot of hot springs and stuff.
 They could actually have, there's a few villas in Bath where you would get their geothermal
 stuff.
 It's amazing.
 Isn't it incredible that ancient Rome 2,000 years ago has underfloor heating and yet I
 don't.
 You don't know what I mean.
 You can do it.
 You can do it.
 It's such a pain of the bum to put in, you know?
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 Like why didn't they put it into my home whenever they were building it?
 Yes.
 What's going on?
 Why is that?
 I think in the UK we don't necessarily need it that much, because we don't really get
 very hot, very cold days.
 I had it in my home in South East London when I lived there in our bathroom, but as the
 builder was putting the final tile down he accidentally shredded one of the wires and
 there was too expensive to do anything about it.
 What do you mean?
 We have read it.
 He just said one of the shredded wheat machines.
 That's amazing.
 Basically he said that he did something to one of the wires and so it never worked.
 Oh yeah.
 But it was there.
 So it's all there.
 It's all there.
 Just it never worked.
 So we technically had it.
 And we would always think about it.
 It's been a big consolation as you walked in onto the freezing cold floor in the winter morning.
 We would tell people who visited.
 Then we got under a floor heating.
 It doesn't work.
 But we have it.
 Yeah.
 Did he still pay him?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, he was.
 He's still working.
 It doesn't work.
 It's a scary trait.
 It's fault wires break.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 It doesn't make me think though.
 You know, like if someone in the past had made a slightly different decision, it would
 we be using geothermal energy more across the world because obviously there are some places
 where it makes sense to use it because it's easier to access.
 But I guess if you drill down deep enough, eventually you are going to tap into geothermal
 energy.
 So why is it we're not using it more because it does make an awful lot of sense?
 It's just a pain to get down.
 It's just a pain to drill.
 It's an initial pain.
 That's the process.
 It's very expensive to set up.
 Exactly.
 And if you do it the old way where you're looking for quite a hot magma field.
 Yeah.
 If you go deep enough anywhere, you're going to get hot.
 But what they want to do is find somewhere that's not that deep and dig down.
 Those places are really hard to find.
 It's not like, you know, it's obvious because these trees grow there, so it's going to be
 there.
 But you basically have to keep digging until you find the right place.
 Right.
 And there's recently, they've used AI in Nevada to find these zones where you can dig
 into.
 And they don't really know how the AI's found it.
 They're basically putting all the information of all the different zones around the world
 where you can get this easy geothermal energy.
 And the AI models have just found the signal out of the noise.
 It's just like they've worked out where it is even though they're not quite sure how they
 did it.
 But it does work.
 Wow.
 It's one good use of it.
 Yeah.
 And now they've got enough energy from the geothermal to pay for one AI question.
 As we said, it's tricky to do everywhere because digging down is expensive and it's more economical
 if there's lots of heat closer to the surface, which is only true in a few places.
 So there are lots of things being tried to get around this now.
 One of them is just most heat you need unless it's like industrial heat for a factory is
 actually pretty low.
 And so that's these boreholes, the ground source heat pump thing, like China's going gangbusters
 on that.
 And there are other kind of wacky versions of geothermal.
 There's enhanced, there's advanced, and there's super critical hot rock.
 Okay.
 I'm going to choose the last one.
 That's a cool kind of rock music.
 Yeah.
 That should be a genre.
 Yeah, I should know.
 So here's an idea that's being experimented with.
 You drill a couple of holes, you drill down a mile or two, right?
 Two separate shafts.
 You then drill sideways between the shafts, okay?
 So you've joined them up.
 You've made a sort of like a U shape.
 Like a U shape.
 Exactly.
 Then you pump water down hole one, and you pumping it towards hole number two, and you're sort
 of cracking the rocks along the way.
 And the water is taking all the heat out of these rather hot rocks, and then the water is
 pumped out of a second well, and it's at 200 degrees Celsius.
 How can it be at 200 degrees water, boils at 100 degrees?
 Ah, must be high pressure.
 It's high pressure.
 It's really high pressure.
 So you get this thing, you get super heated, sort of super critical steam, which can drive
 a turbine extremely well, or you just use that heat to actually heat up other water,
 which then drives a turbine.
 Like there are different methods of doing it.
 It's very, very cool.
 It's actually quite similar to fracking, isn't it?
 It's basically fracking.
 It's basically fracking.
 So they use the technology that fracking did to get oil out, but instead of doing that,
 they put water in and heated it up.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 Well, that happy about it, because fracking can cause earthquakes.
 Yes.
 Right.
 So yeah.
 But is it a better way to use fracking technology potentially?
 Well, undoubtedly.
 Yeah.
 Because you're getting, it's much greener.
 Another way you can do it is instead of using water, you might be able to use hydrogen.
 This is something called the Johnson Thermoelectric Energy Converter.
 And the best thing about it is it's solid state, so you put it into the water, and it's just
 one object, you put it in, and then it gets electricity out of it.
 And it was invented by a guy called Lonnie Johnson, who also invented the super-soaker.
 Isn't that amazing?
 I thought I recognized that name for someone.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 It's very, very, at the moment, they're not using it, but it might be used in the future.
 And this guy is, wants to use it in L.A., where they have a lot of, like, old oil wells,
 so they've already got the holes down there, so you can just put stuff down there.
 The moment the temperature in those oil wells is too low, and you can't really get much
 geothermal out, but because this is so efficient, you might be able to use it.
 That's interesting.
 By anyway, he invented the super-soaker, so I mean, yeah.
 The difference in those two inventions is, like, the equivalent of Einstein doing E equals
 M to E square.
 It's, like, what are you going to do for his next equation?
 Viva 6 afraid of 7.
 789?
 Like, that's that similarity.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact to the show, and that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is that in Peru, you can be sued by a B.
 And he's got 20 million witnesses.
 I don't really know. It has to be a stingless B.
 It has to be in one of two parts of Peru, the town of Sapito, or the Loretto department,
 but they're both in the Amazon.
 And it turns out that these areas have stingless bees that are very, very important to indigenous
 communities, and they've been hurt by pollution, climate change, habitat loss, all that kind
 of stuff.
 So, these two areas of Peru have given them rights.
 And while the B cup fill out the paperwork, a human can act on their behalf.
 And so, if, like, let's say, a tree-felling company comes into the Amazon, cuts down a load
 of habitat of these bees, then a environmental company can go over and sue them on behalf
 of the bees.
 Can I sue a B?
 Yeah, if they have rights.
 And just those two places.
 They're stingless.
 So, I think the best they could do is give you a little nibble.
 They can bite.
 Those bees can bite.
 Why are you going to sue them?
 I'm just trying to work out what this new right has given them as a flip-byde coin.
 It's fine.
 It's fine.
 It's fine.
 It's fine.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 It's a cup breakdown.
 But classic.
 A hive chaser.
 But also, can you sue a single B? Or does it have to be the colony?
 Oh.
 See, I wonder if you can take up a personal agreement with A-B.
 A-B.
 Rowan Atkinson has just made a very successful series about this, isn't it?
 Oh, yeah.
 Man vs B.
 They don't cover series two of Man vs B, which is just the legal battle after this.
 Set in the Amazon.
 Yeah.
 They did some cool these bees.
 They're amazing.
 There's one big lie about stingless bees.
 Yeah.
 They do have stings.
 What?
 Yes, they do.
 I didn't know this.
 I mean, I didn't know the stingless bee was a thing until this week.
 That's a roller coaster that you've been on.
 Oh, my God.
 There's a thing called a stingless bee.
 Oh, my God.
 They have stings.
 I know.
 I did.
 I thought are the harmless.
 But they're not.
 So the stings are called degenerate stings, because they're so small and ineffective that
 they don't count.
 No.
 I know.
 But they do, as you said, Dan, they bite like the devil.
 They'll do suicidal biting, which is a biological term, which is where they bite and bite
 and bite and bite.
 Yeah.
 You.
 Just you.
 Yeah.
 Going after the bees, they're coming view Dan.
 And basically, they will keep biting and if you try and pull them away, yeah.
 They will suffer fatal damage to their body rather than stop biting.
 Okay.
 They head off.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 So they will just clamp down their jaws with so much vigor that they just will not let
 go.
 Like a dangerous dog.
 Like a dangerous dog.
 You know, they always say that the dogs will clamp onto you and they won't like go unless
 you put your finger up the body.
 That is true.
 And I don't suppose you could do that with a bee.
 No.
 And there's a useless thing in the way.
 But those are suicidal tendencies.
 We see that in bees' withstings as well.
 Oh, really?
 So the bees that we have in here in Europe, in UK, aethysmelaferra, they will sting you.
 But sadly, when they sting you, the sting will, the barbs will get stuck in your skin
 and this essentially rips out their abdomen.
 Right.
 So I guess we're seeing the same behavior in the stingless bee.
 It's just that they are physically choosing to not let go when they could.
 So that instinct to protect is so intense that, yeah, you're a beekeeper, aren't you?
 Yeah.
 How many?
 How many have you got?
 70,000.
 What?
 It's all there.
 And their names are.
 70,000.
 Yeah, I'd say.
 I'd say that.
 Yeah.
 How many hives is that?
 That's at the moment because it's January, so the hives, they significantly decrease in numbers
 over the winter.
 But yeah, I would say in the height of the summer, around 70,000.
 So cool.
 And gals.
 Have you been stung?
 Many times.
 I've seen you.
 Many times.
 Yeah.
 So certainly do have stings.
 Where's the most painful spot?
 Oh, painful.
 The most annoying was on my forehead.
 I sort of looked like a Star Trek character.
 I remember that for quite some time.
 That took a long time to go down.
 I do have to be careful, though, because every time I get stung, I think I'm reacting a little
 bit more every single time, so I do need to be cautious.
 Yeah.
 That's very cool.
 And do you use the honey for yourself?
 Do you sell it in local shops and farm markets?
 No, no.
 I would say, I would say, only just about get enough honey to sort of maybe get me through
 a few months.
 Okay.
 So me, extracting the honey is, it's something that has been developed over hundreds and
 more than thousands of years, the bees, they will store their honey in honeycomb.
 We encourage them to store that honey in frames that can be easily removed from the hive.
 But stingless bees, you can also harvest their honey.
 It's just much harder, because stingless bees don't make honeycomb.
 Instead, they store their honey in little sort of tiny honey pots that are about the size
 of grapes, and they're all, yeah, so they're all sort of like a little Winnie the Pooh.
 Yeah.
 They're all nested together.
 What's it made of?
 What's the pot?
 So it's, it's similar to a sort of a sticky substance that European bees make, which is
 called propolis, which is a combination of wax, but you also get various tree sats and
 resins as well in the mix, so it kind of makes a bee polypillar material.
 And, but if you want to harvest the honey, to not destroy the hive, you would have to
 go in with a pipette or a syringe and individually sort of go into these little honey pots and take
 them and take the honey out.
 That's amazing.
 You can't harvest it, just a lot more time can see.
 And I think that people buy it and it's very, very expensive, right?
 Yeah.
 I would assume so, because it's so labelled as stingless bee honey.
 Yeah, and it's been used like for medicine by, you know, indigenous people for hundreds
 of years, I'm sure.
 Yeah.
 They use it for, what do they use it for?
 They use it for, if you've got like a cough, if you've got some flam on your, on your
 chest, they use it for that, like we would with honey, I suppose, but also for infertility
 rheumatism, anemia and arthritis, and they make alcohol out of it.
 Right.
 And if you want to go and harvest it, according to locals, if on a full moon night you grab
 a queen bee, squeeze her abdomen and smear the liquid that comes out of it, her onto your
 eyelids, then you'll be able to temporarily see every bee's nest in the forest in the dark.
 Right.
 Right.
 If you're ever in the Amazon, that's pretty cool.
 I'm not sure it's entirely true.
 I'm sure I'm sure I'm sure I love it though.
 Sounds legit.
 And your bees are all gals, do you say?
 Yeah.
 Well, I mean, because you've got a queen and then all the girls and they're the drones, workers,
 workers.
 So all the work bees are female and then she'll keep a couple of lads around, but really
 their only purpose is to go off and mate with a queen from another hive.
 So to be honest, the boys don't do anything.
 They are really very useless.
 Have you met the boys?
 You can see them, they're sort of they're much larger, they're quite clumsy, they kind of
 just daughter about really doing anything, getting in the way.
 They're the bees, Maddie, the bees, you know what I'm talking about.
 So yeah, there aren't many.
 And actually the girls will kick them out, come September.
 Yeah.
 They get them out.
 They're not useful anymore.
 Where did they go?
 They die.
 They're on the floor.
 Yeah.
 So it's actually, it's the cleaner bees or the undertaker bees.
 In fact, they get called, it's their responsibility to take out the dead.
 So quite often, sort of as you're approaching the winter months, you'll just see just a graveyard
 of bees in front of the hive, so they've all been taken out just to make sure things are
 clean for the winter.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I've got the case of a goat suing a pig here.
 Oh yeah.
 Okay.
 Yep.
 Gone.
 2014.
 The pig is pepper pig.
 Oh yeah.
 And the goat is Gabriela Capra.
 Oh yes.
 Capra.
 Who's name in Italian means Gabriela Goat, and the character in pepper pig called Gabriela
 Goat, and then the Italian pepper pig, she's Gabriela Capra, and she said, she needed a hundred
 thousand euros to compensate her because she was annoyed.
 And use her name.
 Use her name.
 Oh right.
 It doesn't look like she got it.
 The case goes very, very quiet after a blizzard of publicity.
 Yeah.
 But in 2022, the owners of pepper pig themselves sued a Vietnamese firm, which had made a very,
 very, very similar looking and feeling franchise, called Wolfu.
 So that's three little pigs suing a wolf.
 Oh.
 That's good for it.
 Yeah.
 I was a family of four in pepper pig, but yeah, that's...
 Yeah.
 I don't think the younger kids.
 Someone says, part of the morsi.
 I was trying to...
 Sorry.
 The pepper is.
 Oh my god.
 You're trying to do something.
 You're trying to do something.
 I started looking at just generally the rights of other animals, and I couldn't find
 many examples where animals had been given the equivalent to human rights.
 There certainly are some that exist, but I was able to find quite a few examples where
 animals are being protected from humans doing stupid things in Alaska to protect these
 hibernating bears.
 The US have enacted a law saying it's completely illegal to wake a bear for a photo, but it is
 okay to hunt them.
 Okay.
 That feels like it's protecting the photographer.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, of course, of course.
 You can't be allowed to shoot a hibernating bear.
 You would hope so.
 You would hope that a hibernating bear is protected regardless of...
 If you're out there right now, listening, as you take aim, for two feet away, grow up, mate.
 They said it's okay to take a photo selfie with a completely awake bear.
 Yeah, fine.
 All right.
 Actively encouraged.
 But also in Alaska, not just thinking about the bears here, we're also protecting moose.
 You are not allowed to push one out of an aeroplane.
 Just in case you ever had it.
 You ever considered it.
 Oh, yeah.
 Not allowed.
 I'm police ready to go now.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the
 course of this podcast, we can all be found online.
 I'm on @Streideland on Instagram, James.
 My Instagram is No Suicide's James Harkin.
 Andy.
 I'm Andrew Hunter M.
 Yep.
 And Maddie.
 You can find me @MaddieMote on Instagram and YouTube.
 Yes.
 Get to the YouTube channel.
 Okay.
 It's incredible.
 If you've got kids in your life, honestly, it's the place to go.
 So yeah, you can get to us, by the way, as a group on podcast@ky.com.
 That's our email.
 All those emails go to Andy.
 We read out the best on Drop Us Align, aka Jewel.
 And that is part of a clubfish, which is our Patreon Secret Members Club.
 So if you want to check that out, go to patreon.com/nosuchthingasaffish, lots of fun things going
 on there.
 Otherwise, just come back next week because we're going to have another episode for you.
 Thank you, as ever, to the fish team, Lee and Lee and Ethan Rupert Relia, as well as
 the larger fish busters in the office here.
 And we'll see you again next week.
 Good bye.
 [Music]
