 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunton Murray and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 - My fact is that the founder of the UK's
 first electric vehicle forecourt
 was named after a service station.
 - Which service station?
 - This is a man.
 - Was he named TB?
 - He wasn't, he was named Toddington.
 - A classic.
 - Kind of like Paddington Bear actually
 being named after Paddington Station,
 but he's Toddington.
 - Was he founded that service station
 like Paddington Bear was found in?
 - Yeah, he came from South America
 with a jar of marmalade and no, he wasn't.
 It's a really weird story.
 So he's a guy called Toddington Harper
 and he is named after the M1 Toddington Services.
 He is actually, I believe the child of some solar pioneers.
 His parents were involved in solar electricity
 when they were younger.
 And he actually has a brother
 who is named Heston after Heston services.
 So both boys in this family are named after service stations.
 - That's amazing.
 - His mum just said, his mum was interviewed.
 There was this piece in the mail
 about this electric forecourt service station thing.
 And his mum said they were driving back from the hospital.
 They didn't have a name for him
 and they drove through Heston services.
 This was with their first boy
 and they thought Heston's the name.
 And then a few years later, they carried it on.
 - They were on Home Trudes on Radio 4 talking about this.
 And they said that they were driving down the M4
 and they just started reading out the names of places
 they passed to see if any of these would be a decent name.
 So they read out Roe Hampton, Putney, Siemens, Honeywell.
 That was the Heston, that was the first one.
 - So did Toddington get his,
 because that was just a theme
 or was that a different route they took home
 after that hospital?
 - So what happened was they called the first one Heston
 and that is the first service station on the M4.
 And according to the mother,
 she said a friend of mine said,
 "If you've called your first son
 "after the first service station on the M4,
 "how about calling your second son
 "after the first service station on the M1?"
 Right, so that's what she said.
 But Toddington isn't the first service station on the M1.
 The first service station on the M1 is London Gateway.
 So he should have been called London Gateway, I thought.
 But London Gateway is a new name for this service station.
 It's only been called that since 2000.
 And really he should have been called Scratchwood.
 - Nice.
 - I think--
 - That's the first service station historically
 or the first one that you reached geographically.
 - It's the first one as you leave London
 going north bound for the M1 or west bound for the M4.
 - Right.
 The first historically is between two.
 I think you'd have to be called Watford Gap,
 which isn't great, or Newport Pagnell,
 which is quite a cool name, actually, would have been.
 And there's this amazing website
 called MotorwayServicesOnline.co.uk.
 I really think we should start doing a series
 of insanely good websites about really arcade subjects.
 - Like ThatchInfo.com.
 - Exactly.
 The person who made this site has to get together
 with the person who made that one.
 So they go very deep into the debate
 over whether Newport Pagnell
 or Watford Gap are the first service station.
 It is Newport Pagnell.
 It beat Watford Gap by about two weeks in 1960.
 But it's got some other great stuff on it.
 It has a whole page on the Lou of the Year Award
 because the Lou of the Year Award has a section
 about service stations.
 And very sadly, it used to cover three
 for England, Scotland, and Wales,
 but they've had to scale back the awards.
 - Are you talking about the Four Court Trader Awards
 because they have a Four Court Lou of the Year category?
 This is an award ceremony just for Four Courts
 and service stations and things.
 - That's a completely different awards ceremony, Andy.
 It's a very common confusion, though.
 Go on, but presumably you want to talk about them,
 which is relatively unrelated, to be honest, but go on.
 - Okay, well, they've got Best Four Court Lou of the Year
 as a category, and they've also got Best Coffee
 and Hot Beverages Outlet, and Best Car Care
 and Lubricants Outlet as a--
 - Wow, Best Lubricants.
 - Is it car lubricants as well, though?
 It's just car care and then general lubrication.
 - It must be car lubricants.
 Otherwise, that is a very specialist award.
 There's an author called David Lawrence.
 I don't know if he's got anything to do with that website
 that you were talking about, Anna,
 but he is pretty much the UK expert on service stations.
 He's written a couple of books about them.
 And there was an interview with him
 where he said that he's racked up 11,000 miles
 of motorway driving and eating breakfast
 in over 100 service stations for his research.
 And he said that he once spent Christmas
 in a travel lodge in a service station.
 And they asked him what that was like,
 and he said it was a mixture of being
 in the midst of everyone's Christmas travels
 and also very alone.
 - Oh, but worth it for the fame and glory
 that he's subsequently got.
 - He said that he once stayed in a service station
 in a motel in the UK,
 and the bed hadn't been changed
 since the previous occupants had celebrated the wedding night.
 And it still had confetti in the bed.
 And goodness knows what else, probably lubricants.
 - Actually, the travel lodge in Toddington's,
 so the service station that this guy is named after
 used to do this good thing,
 which I think all service stationers should,
 where they had a power nap scheme.
 This is actually according to Alex Horn,
 who wrote this big article on service stations
 'cause he loves them,
 but you could rent a room for three hours.
 And I don't know why that's not absolutely standard, right?
 When you get to a service station,
 so often you just have a half hour nap in your car.
 - I think people don't like to do that
 because it might encourage like what in Japan
 you call love hotels where people just rent by the hour
 and go to check.
 - Yes, I think that makes sense.
 - Was that Alex Horn from Taskmaster?
 - Yes, he does a second string on his bow.
 - He loves him, he loves him.
 Actually, I found, I contacted him last night
 'cause I read that article too,
 and he was talking about one particularly great service station
 called Clacket Lane, it's in Clacket Lane.
 And he was saying that as well as fun things they have there,
 like they've got Roman pottery
 that was found at the site on display,
 so you can see that while you're there,
 but they've also got a palm reading machine.
 This is kind of like Zoltar.
 You put your palm into the machine,
 you're handed to the machine,
 and it tells you your future.
 And you get this little ticket
 that tells you what your future's gonna be.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 Interestingly, Clacket Lane as well,
 supposedly is the best place on the M25 to hitchhike,
 and that's according to Hitchwiki,
 which I'd never heard of, another fantastic website.
 - Dan, were you googling how to get picked up
 at most of the servers?
 (laughing)
 And you still want to go on Hitchwiki.
 (laughing)
 - Anyone fancy a power nap?
 - One good place where you could get picked up
 at a service station was Watford Gap.
 Back in the day, when it was a place
 where lots of bands used to go,
 and apparently according to Francis Rossi of status quo,
 it used to be where groupies hung out,
 because they knew that all the bands
 would stop at Watford Gap
 on the way to a gig or back from a gig.
 And so as well as going to the backstage door
 or going to the hotels or whatever,
 they used to hang out at Watford Gap services
 to see if they could pick up a rock star.
 - So great.
 - That's, it feels like such a high stakes game, doesn't it?
 'Cause you might pick up a rolling stone or something,
 or you might just spend your entire evening
 at the Watford Gap service.
 (laughing)
 - On your 70 McDonald's,
 all you've met is van drivers so far.
 But yeah, they all used to talk about it.
 It became sort of famous.
 And Ronnie Wood of Rolling Stones fame, obviously,
 said that apparently Jimi Hendrix
 thought that it was a nightclub.
 So it was called the Blue Boar back then.
 The cafe was called Blue Boar.
 And he said Hendrix thought it was a nightclub
 because all of his fellow musicians
 used to go on about stopping up at the Blue Boar.
 So he was so excited to finally get there
 and find that it sold bad coffee.
 And had a big car park.
 And it doesn't even get very rated very highly
 in service station awards now.
 I learned from my favorite website, sadly.
 - Did you guys hear the song about the Watford Gap?
 - Yes. - No.
 - So this is by a folk singer called Roy Harper.
 So he's a very famous folk musician
 and he, there's a Led Zeppelin song
 called Hats Off to Roy Harper.
 He's a pretty big deal.
 He released a song called Watford Gap
 which was so rude about the Watford Gap
 that its owners kind of called in the lawyers.
 And they, some people intervened
 and got it taken off the album.
 So here are some of the lines from it.
 Just about a mile from where the motorways all merge,
 you can view the national edifice,
 a monumental splurge.
 It's the lonesome traveler's rock gut
 or bacteria's revenge.
 The great plastic spectacular descendant of Stonehenge.
 The countryside is ravaged like a syphilitic whore.
 Yodeling up the canyon is the dirty old Blue Boar.
 And they didn't like it.
 Watford Gap, Watford Gap, it's a load of crap.
 You can go there for a two hour nap
 but you might get the clap.
 That's what I would love for.
 - That's very strong.
 - The American pioneer of petrol stations
 was a man whose name was Sylvarnus Freelove Bowser.
 - Wow.
 - That was his name.
 - The head of Nintendo is called Bowser, isn't he?
 People send us that from time to time.
 Yeah, 'cause Bowser is also a character in...
 Did he always know about Mario Kart?
 - In Mario Kart, yeah.
 - So is the evil guy.
 - I guess maybe some relation between Sylvarnus Freelove
 and the head of Nintendo, I don't know.
 - Well, we're also talking about with this fact
 about electric cars, right?
 And so just as a connection to that,
 the Tesla, there's a lot of Easter eggs in the Tesla
 that sort of have been programmed either by Elon Musk
 or the nerds from within there.
 And one of them is that while you're driving,
 if you rapidly press the autopilot button
 four times in a row, the street on your display
 will turn from the standard road
 into rainbow road from Mario Kart.
 (laughing)
 - Wait a minute, but in rainbow road,
 my memory says that it's very easy
 to fall off that road, isn't it?
 - Yes, yeah.
 It's the most dangerous of tracks
 in the classic Mario Kart, yeah.
 - There was that thing which I was gonna do
 as a fact on this show that if you say open butthole,
 then it opens the thing that you use to charge the car up.
 - Like the voice activation system.
 - Is that deliberate?
 That's an Easter egg.
 It's not some accident 'cause it sounds like something.
 (laughing)
 I don't know what.
 - Like bolt hole or something.
 I don't know.
 - God, I don't know if I want Easter eggs in my car.
 You don't want to go, oh, maybe if you do three left turns
 in a row, the drive will be ejected or something.
 (laughing)
 - Well, here's another one.
 If you tap the corner of the top main monitor, the T,
 if you tap it three times, it turns into a touchscreen
 and you can start drawing with a color palette.
 So you can just start doing whatever drawings you want.
 You have to do it as the passenger, obviously.
 This is not for the driver.
 And then you submit it afterwards to Tesla
 and they critique your drawing for you.
 - Wow, is that Elon Musk personally?
 Is that what he does now?
 He just sits in a study critiquing people's drawings.
 - It feels like that.
 And he sends you 10 million doge coins
 for the best one or something.
 - I think the very first electric car was designed
 in 1839, so they didn't catch on at all
 and they weren't used publicly.
 But this guy called Moritz von Jacoby,
 who was a Russian engineer.
 So they've been around about the same time
 there was a boat that carried passengers
 that was electric powered.
 And he built an electric car that he exhibited
 around Scotland and he just couldn't get people
 interested in it.
 So people like, I don't see any use to this.
 The only people who were interested were railway workers
 and they were afraid it was gonna supplant the railway.
 And so they smashed it up in his garage
 in the middle of the night and took 40 years
 before it took off again.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah, rough.
 - So much what might have been stuff about this.
 It's obviously so nice to imagine, you know,
 all the cars were electric, working me off.
 - And then thanks to bloody cyclists such as myself
 who claim we're so environmentally friendly these days,
 but we killed the electric car
 because it was the improvement of road surfaces
 in the late 19th century by kind of cyclists
 pushing for improved road surfaces so they could go touring,
 which meant that people wanted to go on longer drives.
 And the one problem with electric cars back then
 was the same as now,
 which is that they didn't have very big range.
 And so suddenly gasoline petrol cars took off
 'cause they could drive a long way
 over these newly surfaced roads.
 So cyclists got a lot to answer for actually.
 - But then when they did know
 that they couldn't go very far
 and so they aimed the electric cars directly at women.
 So in the 1910s and going into the 1920s,
 you would get these advertisements
 like for the Argo company.
 They advertised their electric vehicle as a woman's car
 that any man is proud to drive.
 And the idea was that women wouldn't want
 to go on long journeys.
 They would much rather kind of poodle around the city
 or whatever.
 And so we're more likely to buy these cars.
 - More poodle.
 - That's so, that's classic women.
 They hate distance.
 They hate the notion of distance.
 They take a brain to kind of absorb those big numbers.
 Did anyone else think when James said
 the only way to use electric cars was to aim them at women
 that you literally were saying
 you're pointing electric cars at women?
 Put your foot down.
 - That's another Easter egg on the Tesla.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that from 1975 to 2004,
 it was illegal to buy the world's most popular
 collection of jazz music.
 And when I say jazz music, I mean sheet music.
 So jazz music that you play.
 So this is this thing called the real book.
 And I learned about it on a 99% invisible episode
 that I was pointed to by the browser.
 So I just want to point out if there's anyone left
 in the country who hasn't discovered the browser.com,
 it's an amazing site which curates great articles for you.
 - God, I've been signed up to the bowser.com
 which has the details of people called bowser.
 (laughing)
 It's not coming handy for 300 episodes.
 - So okay, they don't really want your type on there.
 It's sort of a highbrow thing.
 Anyway, thebrowser.com pointed me towards the real book
 which is the definitive book of jazz tunes
 for anyone who wants to play jazz.
 Anyone who is a jazz musician out there,
 I'm sure will know it.
 And this was made in 1974
 and it was published and sold
 without any kind of copyright releases
 or any permissions or any royalties arranged or anything.
 It was just written out, printed off
 and then sold in sort of back alleyways
 and in people's bedrooms, student bedrooms
 and every jazz student has to have it.
 And it's basically all the jazz standards
 as they're called from the beginning of jazz
 from the 1920s and even before that you need
 if you want to entertain someone in a bar.
 - It's amazing the story of how it came about as well.
 It's sort of originated with the fact that radio stations
 needed to work out how to pay copyrights and royalties
 towards the composers of certain songs
 and they had a really hard time doing it.
 So they created this thing called the tune decks
 and they were index cards that on one side
 had the information about a particular song.
 So it would have your composer's name
 or any of the information that you would need for payment.
 And on the other side,
 they would have literally the sheet music
 but like a section of the song
 so that anyone who was playing the song
 could identify it via the lyrics
 or by literally the notes on the staves.
 - And when you say playing, you mean like
 if you're a radio DJ, anyone who's putting the song on.
 So it's like, you'll hear the song
 and then you can skim through these cards
 and be like, oh yeah, that looks like the tune.
 So I can say, this is Blah-dee-blah
 by so-and-so, probably.
 - Does that mean a DJ would have to be able
 to read music to even-
 - That's what it sounded like.
 - Yeah.
 - It does sound like that.
 And so one of the reasons that they became quite popular
 was because musicians found them really useful
 for when they were going to gigs
 to be able to use them basically as cheat sheets
 so that they could look at it
 and fake their way through a popular song
 that they didn't necessarily know.
 And because it's jazz and free-flowing,
 you can venture off the main theme
 but it's the essence of it.
 - It gives you the basics
 and then from there, you can kind of fake it.
 - Yes.
 - It gives you the chords and the kind of melody
 and the lyrics.
 And as Dan says, you just riff off the back of that
 which you do anyway.
 - Cool.
 - And then you said that it was legal in 2004
 and that's because a company made a legal version
 where they got all the copyrights from people
 and stuff like that, right?
 - Yes.
 And lots of other publishers tried to publish
 actual books of jazz tunes
 but this because it had evolved over 50, 60, 70 years,
 nothing could compete.
 So yeah, I think in the end,
 it was Hal Leonard music publishers, wasn't it?
 Who got all the rights to all the songs
 which must have been held.
 - Yeah.
 I think the reason other publishers couldn't compete
 was that they were trying to do it legally.
 (laughing)
 I asked a friend of mine,
 my friend Will who is a jazz saxophonist,
 I asked him, have you heard of the real book?
 And he said, of course I have.
 And he said, there are many editions
 and I own many editions.
 And I, he said that--
 - Illegal editions Andy or the legal ones.
 - I'm not saying, I'm not dropping him in there
 although I have an active on this podcast.
 - What is it called, Will?
 - Will, yeah.
 - All right, Will, yeah.
 - Will Gumbins, yeah, yeah.
 (laughing)
 But he said that until the sixth edition,
 they didn't have quite enough of the standards for it
 to be, you know, all encompassing comprehensive.
 So apparently you want the sick edition onwards
 if you're in the market.
 - It's kind of hard to,
 'cause so many tunes in the whole point of jazz, I suppose,
 or lots of the point of it is that there's lots
 of improvisation.
 It's kind of hard to know in the real book
 which bits have come from who.
 So, you know, if someone's got a brilliant
 do-be-do, do-be-do moment.
 - Oh yeah.
 - And they play that on the night.
 Does that--
 - That's Miles Dovers, I think.
 Isn't it unmistakable?
 - Yeah, that's right, yeah.
 You know, as in who kind of owns that
 is a really vexed question.
 They had jazz diplomacy, of course.
 The idea being that America would send jazz musicians out
 to countries that were threatened by communism.
 And the jazz musicians would make people think
 that America's a great place
 'cause it has this kind of subversive music.
 And this was started by a congressman called
 Adam Clayton Powell Jr.,
 who was an African-American congressman
 who represented Harlem.
 But it wasn't really his idea.
 It was his wife's idea.
 His wife was called Hazel Scott
 and she was a jazz pianist.
 And she was amazing.
 She was the first black American to host her own TV show,
 the Hazel Scott Show.
 She would never play in a place
 where there was any segregation
 between black and white people.
 She would turn up and then if there was any segregation,
 she'd walk away and cause riots a lot of the time
 'cause she wouldn't play.
 But she was eventually brought down
 because people thought she was a communist.
 - But the interesting thing,
 or another interesting thing about her
 is that her grandson, Adam C. Powell IV,
 currently runs a company that's trying to find greener ways
 to find rare earth metals for electric cars.
 So we've come a full circle to the electric car stuff.
 - Very nice.
 - This is the Powell family podcast.
 (all laughing)
 - Well, there was a thing in the First World War called,
 this was, I guess, this was not jazz diplomacy.
 In fact, it was the opposite, it was jazz war
 because there was a regiment called the Harlem Hellfighters.
 That was their nickname
 and they were the 369th US infantry,
 largely recruited from Harlem.
 And so, and it had a lot of musicians in it, the regiment.
 And as they arrived in France, they played jazz
 and people in France,
 maybe some people in Paris had had jazz before,
 but people in, you know, 1917 in rural France
 had not had jazz.
 And as they arrived, they played a jazz version
 of the Marseillais and it blew people's minds.
 And there was a kind of mini craze
 which got called ragtimeitis.
 As a result of it, people hadn't had syncopated rhythms
 before playing off the beat.
 This is insane.
 - In World War II, there was also a bit of jazz war
 waged by Britain who launched a jazz radio station
 in Germany, which I had never read about.
 But this was basically a surrogateous way
 to poison the minds of Germans against the Nazis.
 And it involves setting up a jazz station
 and the announcer on it was a woman called Agnes Bernel.
 She was actually a German expat.
 She'd fled Nazi Germany and landed in Britain.
 And they said, can you be a DJ on a fake jazz radio station?
 And through you, we'll get loads of secret messages out there
 to basically to plant chaos.
 For instance, she commiserated at one point
 with a specific German U-boat captain saying,
 you must be so hard for him
 'cause he hasn't been on leave for two years.
 But congratulations on the birth of his son at home.
 That's why I've just given birth to a son.
 And this guy got one.
 - So she was pregnant for over two years.
 That's amazing.
 - Very long gestation period.
 - I've just understood the implication.
 - Wow, I'm naive.
 - He was captaining a boat off the coast of Scotland
 and he went to the coast and surrendered and said,
 saw this, my wife just shagged someone else.
 I'm out.
 Surrendered that boat.
 So it worked.
 But there was another thing that she was reminiscing about
 on the show I listened to her on,
 which was that she announced on this radio station
 that Allied saboteurs in SS uniforms
 had been dropped in a particular region.
 And so SS cars went all over this region,
 arresting each other.
 Whenever they saw each other they arrested each other.
 - That's a great idea.
 - Have you guys heard of Russ and Roland Kirk?
 - No.
 - I think he might be my favorite jazz player ever.
 I only found him in the course of researching this,
 but he was blind from a very young age.
 And in spite of that,
 he not only mastered saxophone,
 he managed to master playing three saxophones
 at the same time.
 - Hang on.
 - Okay, how much orificence is he?
 - Incredible.
 - I could imagine blowing it three on that,
 or three on your mouth,
 but he's not blown through his ears or his anus, is he?
 - He wasn't.
 No, he was not.
 He had three saxophones around his neck
 and he could fit all three into his mouth,
 stretched out at the same time.
 - Okay, for the listeners,
 Andy was stretching his mouth out there
 by putting his index fingers into the sides of his mouth
 and pulling them sideways.
 - Yeah.
 - That can't have been a good sound.
 Did it work?
 - It sounds all right.
 - Does it?
 - I mean, yeah, but he doesn't have enough hands.
 - Yeah, I was going to say,
 it's not just mouths that you need to play saxophone.
 - Okay, this is where it gets interesting.
 He had six hands.
 He uses his two hands on two sets of keys
 and lets the third saxophone go for the moment,
 but he's always shifting hands between the saxes.
 It's better than I've made it sound.
 And he could also play the flute with his mouth
 while playing the recorder with his nose.
 That he was unbelievably talented.
 - That's very cool.
 I did a quick search into sort of other jazz books
 that are out there that we might not have heard of.
 And it led me to discover a book that was published
 by one of the great American jazz musicians, Charles Mingus,
 who I actually, I grew up listening to.
 He's an extraordinary musician.
 And it turns out that after his gigs,
 he used to sell a self-published book.
 It was a sort of pamphlet, which he called a catalog,
 cat hyphen a log.
 And it was a book that was toilet training for your cat,
 which he was obsessed by.
 So he had a cat called Nightlife,
 who he claims he took three to four weeks to train,
 to sit on a toilet.
 And the whole pamphlet is his step-by-step guide
 for how you can make this happen.
 And so it starts with, you've got to teach them
 to go to a kitty litter to begin with,
 slowly inch that box towards the bathroom.
 Once you've reached the bathroom
 and they feel comfortable going there,
 put the box on top of the toilet,
 then cut a hole in the, this is over, you know,
 a period of wheat, cut a hole at the bottom of the cardboard,
 then gradually cut the box down.
 So it's just a flat bit of paper.
 And eventually you'll find, he said,
 "You'll be hearing in the night just flushing noises
 from the toilet as your cat has taken itself
 to the toilet."
 - Sorry, the cat flushes it after this.
 - This is, Nightlife apparently does this.
 - So is this Charlie Mingus' cat?
 Charles Mingus' cat?
 Charles Mingus, as well as sustaining
 the incredible jazz career he did,
 was house training a cat.
 It's, I can't believe that.
 - I know, it's extraordinary.
 And honestly, after gigs, this is what he would sell.
 This was like his big push.
 He printed ads up where he was doing mail order
 so that you could buy these pamphlets.
 - So there is another jazz book, which is so weird,
 called A Cat O'Logue,
 which this might have been in response to
 'cause it was by Cab Calloway.
 In 1938, he published Cab Calloway's Cat O'Logue,
 A Hepster's Dictionary,
 which was the first dictionary written
 by an African-American and it was the Jive Language
 reference book of the New York Public Library.
 So if you went to the library and you wanted to know
 about Jive Talk, this is the book you'd get.
 - And the cat there is like a hep cat, I guess, right?
 - Exactly, yeah.
 So is it possible Charlie Mingus was referring
 nodding to that?
 - In my reading, I didn't see any of that as a pun reference.
 - Awful if you mistakenly got the wrong one.
 You'll never train that cat,
 but it will speak very good Jive.
 So this back was about the black market.
 So selling music on the black market.
 So I had to look at some of the black market stuff.
 What do you reckon is the most expensive
 of your bodily organs on the black market?
 - Eyeballs.
 - Oh, corneas, $30,000 on the black market about.
 This is according to the website Ranker,
 which has got quite a few.
 It does have quite a lot of good sources in this list.
 So I can't, I'll say,
 a kidney.
 - Oh, got it in one, Andy.
 I can't believe it.
 Yeah, kidney.
 So apparently if you wanna buy a kidney on the black market,
 it's gonna cost you approximately $200,000.
 And they sourced for that a book called
 Cultural Anthropology by William Haveland,
 which came out in 2010.
 So it might be quite a bit more than that now.
 But compared to $200,000 for your kidneys,
 about $157,000 for your liver.
 That's what you said, Anna, wasn't it?
 So probably second, your heart,
 apparently an illegally obtained heart
 is only worth about $119,000.
 And I think the reason for that is,
 you need to have such a specialist to put your heart in.
 Really, if you're in a situation where you need a new heart,
 you're probably in a legit hospital.
 So there's not many people on the street corner going,
 "Anyone got a heart?"
 - Oh, it's kidneys.
 You can just ram it in, can't you?
 - Stop it, I'll put it on, hope for the best.
 (laughing)
 That's one way, yeah.
 - When you say street corners,
 is that like, I feel like it's more,
 that's more high-end selling, right?
 Because I imagine I've got a kidney
 or I've got a bootleg copy of, you know, grown-ups too.
 You know, those are the things I'd expect on a street corner.
 - I don't think it's just, it's probably, it is.
 I mean, apart from anything else,
 if you're giving someone a kidney,
 it has to be kept in a very sterile,
 very cold environment.
 It can't be, you can't open up your coat
 and on the inside lining,
 it's just got a load of organs just hanging off it.
 That's not gonna work out.
 (laughing)
 - Thanks for a lovely coat, though.
 - Yeah.
 - Sounds like something Lady Gargoyle would wear.
 - Yes.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that the world's longest
 water slide is almost 20 times longer
 than the world's shortest river.
 - Insane.
 - Great.
 - Which one is more surprising?
 What, what are the lengths?
 And I'll decide which one I'm more surprised by.
 The shortness of the river or the length of the water slide?
 - Okay, well, the river,
 which we might get onto a bit later
 'cause it's a bit controversial,
 the river is 201 feet or 61 meters long
 and the water slide is 1,111 meters.
 So that's over a kilometer long, 3,645 feet.
 - So cool.
 - It's amazing.
 - I think the water slide is a more stunning one
 to go over a kilometer in a water slide.
 And this is in Penang, which is in Malaysia,
 in northern Malaysia.
 And it was recently featured
 on the Guinness World Records YouTube channel
 where they showed a video of someone
 going all the way down this water slide.
 And like I say, it's four minutes long.
 And to get to this water slide,
 you have to go on a cable car chairlift.
 You can't just walk up the stairs or anything
 like you would in a normal water park.
 It's one of those where you're in like a little rubber ring
 and you go down there.
 - The best kind.
 - Yeah.
 - Relaxing, but also thrilling, I think, yeah.
 - Oh, that's kind of controversial statement.
 - No, because it is better
 because the water doesn't jet up you in the same way.
 - Some people like that, I must say.
 - Yeah, okay, yeah.
 - Tickles like kidneys.
 But yeah, some people just like the simplicity
 of just sitting down and you're swimming cosy
 and going straight down on your bum.
 - It's very true.
 - It's very true.
 - You've got no protection.
 The ring takes away some of the risk factor.
 - And that's what I like about it.
 - Yep.
 (all laughing)
 - I think also a ring like sometimes it makes you go
 further off the edge and makes it feel a bit scarier
 if you're going fast.
 - It is scarier, I agree.
 If you take a corner too hard,
 you risk flying out of the whole thing.
 That's happened to me a couple of times.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, and it's petrifying.
 - You've come out.
 - Well, I sort of went a bit over the lip on a corner
 and that really scared me to never really push it
 on a water slide ever again.
 What's amazing though about this water slide is that--
 - I'm just imagining how lame
 you all are at a water park.
 (all laughing)
 - What?
 - I'm going, I had a terrifying experience
 when I went quite far up the wall
 and you're going, oh, I'd rather do this sort of
 in a car so that I'm not touching any cars or anything.
 (all laughing)
 - I always keep my hands on the side to slow me down.
 And then I have to push myself along
 'cause the water's not pushing me.
 - Yeah.
 (all laughing)
 - It's a shinski behind me, probably.
 I'm doing a bomb shape.
 (all laughing)
 - Bloody rocket on the back of it.
 (all laughing)
 - But this visually, this is an amazing water slide.
 Like the first thing to say about it
 is it's a physical water slide.
 So the previous sort of, the previous record
 for the longest water slide was in Vernon, New Jersey.
 And that was an inflatable water slide,
 which is what I immediately pictured
 when you sent this fact, James.
 But this goes through this beautiful dense forest
 and it's open-top and you're just, you know,
 you're going through trees and it's absolutely--
 - Oh, wow.
 - It's basically, if you flip out of that, Dan,
 you're living with the squirrels for quite a few years
 before they find you again, thank you.
 (all laughing)
 - That's how Tarzan starts, isn't it?
 (all laughing)
 So is it a straight line?
 It's not winding around around a hundred inches.
 - No, very much winding, yeah.
 You end up quite close to where you began.
 - Good to know.
 - And it has leisurely bits in it as well,
 where it sort of goes on a bit more of a flat
 and you just, you know,
 you just go along quite nicely pushed by the stream.
 Now that sounds interesting to me.
 - That's Andy's comment.
 (all laughing)
 - Andy's reading Pride and Prejudice on the way down
 is waterproof copy.
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, I've never really sort of looked into
 or thought about water slides at all before,
 but they're amazing.
 They, you know, I really like the pioneer of water sliding,
 Dick Krull.
 - One of them.
 - Oh, his sound fun.
 Like, oh, and Dick Krull's water slide.
 - It sounds like an original name for Dick Dastardly,
 doesn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - He dug a five acre lake,
 which he was going to be using for bass fishing.
 Bass the fish, obviously.
 (all laughing)
 - Not the make of better.
 - I'm sorry, yeah.
 (all laughing)
 - And then he had all this dirt
 and he shaped the dirt into this massive great ramp,
 350 feet long, which was a waterfall.
 And then he realized it could be
 a recreational water slide.
 And that was supposedly the world's first,
 but actually I think there was some.
 - When was that?
 - That was '71.
 - '71, okay, yeah.
 - Oh, 'cause there was another guy who dug his own lake
 with similar results called Bob Byers.
 And he created Lake Dolores.
 He called it, it was named after his wife.
 And this was a water park, a recreational water park
 that he created just for his family.
 This was in the late fifties that he did this.
 So he made this lake in a series of pools and channels
 and people would drive past it and noticed it
 and rocked up and would be like,
 "Hey, can I have a go in this fun recreational lake
 "you've created?"
 And so then, yeah, he added eight 150 foot slides.
 And he also added, which doesn't seem to exist anymore,
 two standing slides.
 And they're really cool photos of doing this.
 So they're kind of in a V shape.
 So you stand up and your feet are just squashed
 into the little bottom of the V.
 And you shoot down very fast.
 I think they go at like a 60 degree slope.
 So really steep.
 And you're on a little, it looks like you're on a little,
 you know, those floats you'd have in a pool
 before you could swim, like standing on one of those.
 - What do you mean before?
 I don't know if you can swim or not.
 - Yeah, they are.
 - Of course, your mum makes you bring them
 into the office every day in case it rains.
 Yeah, it sounds amazing.
 And then it's shut down.
 - Did you see the sort of like original,
 original water slides?
 The ones that didn't have water on them?
 Have you spotted those ones?
 - Like just slides, are they?
 - Yeah, there were slides,
 but you ended up in the water.
 So they got the ending right,
 but they didn't get the initial bit.
 Well, actually, you didn't even really end up in the water.
 Basically what it was is in New Zealand
 as part of the 1906 International Exhibition,
 they had this wonderland.
 And they created these slides where you went down in boats.
 And once you got to the bottom, you traveled, you know,
 you were basically skimming across the water in a boat
 as you got to the bottom.
 And that got developed later in 1923 to Herbert Selner,
 who lived in America, who created it,
 but with a sort of sled.
 So when you went down on the sled,
 you would eventually topple into the water,
 but it got you about a hundred feet
 of skimming across the water once you'd reached the bottom.
 And those were the kind of precursors before they realized,
 oh, let's just put water in and lose the sled.
 - They're very cool.
 - I think, yeah, they are cool.
 There was one of those in Coney Island as well.
 We talked about Coney Island the other week
 as one that was in Coney Island in 1895.
 But this one in the International Exhibition in 1906,
 it went into Lake Victoria in Christchurch,
 was the place it ended up.
 And it was, this exhibition was so popular
 that 1,967,682 people visited it
 at a time when the whole population of New Zealand
 was 975,000.
 So more than twice as many people went to this
 as lived in the whole country.
 And then this slide got bought out
 and got taken to Wellington.
 And they had it there for a few years
 and eventually it got taken down.
 But the position where it was in Wellington
 is where Peter Jackson's studio is at today.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 - So it's seen a lot over the years that place.
 Was that the one which this guy called Arthur Guinness
 went down?
 I think there was a newspaper report from 1906
 and he was the Speaker of the House of Representatives
 at the time.
 And the only reason it's funny is if you Google
 Arthur Guinness, the Speaker of the House of Representatives
 of New Zealand in 1906.
 And he's got a huge white wig on.
 I'm not sure that he wore this
 when he was going down the slide.
 But his white wig was one of those really elaborate
 waxed mustaches, huge beard.
 And the newspaper report said he turned up
 and the next thing all spectators knew was
 there was a tall black hat among a lot of girls
 being hauled up in the carriage.
 And then as it shot down the slope,
 he had his silk hat pulled over his ears
 and a hard point of order look in his eye.
 Which I'm not sure how that goes,
 but as they splashed into the water, somebody shouted,
 "Point of order!"
 - Classic. - Funny joke.
 - Great. - Yeah.
 - Classic satire. - Yeah.
 - That's really good.
 - The very start of this section, dear listener,
 you might remember, was that the longest water slide
 is 20 times longer than the world's shortest river.
 So I should quickly tell you about the world's shortest river.
 And that is the Roe River.
 But it's extremely controversial.
 - Has it said a few out-of-date things?
 - Has it been cancelled? - It's been cancelled.
 This was something I read in an article
 on the website "Conday Nest"
 and it was written by Jeopardy Champion in America, Ken Jennings.
 And it was basically the argument between two rivers
 in America, the Roe River and the D River,
 about which was the shortest.
 So the Guinness Book of Records had always said
 that the D River was the shortest.
 But then one day in 1987,
 there was a teacher called Mrs. Susie Nardlinger.
 And she got her fifth grade class to measure
 this little kind of water near their school
 and work out how long it was.
 And they realized that it was shorter
 than this so-called world's shortest river.
 But it didn't have a name,
 so it couldn't be in the Guinness Book of Records.
 And so they wrote to the US Board on geographical names
 and they got them to give it a name, which was the Roe River.
 And then the Guinness Book of Records
 put that as the world's shortest river.
 Now, the people who lived near the D River were furious
 because they'd lost their records
 to these bloody school kids, okay?
 And this was in Lincoln City.
 And there was the Chamber of Commerce in Lincoln City
 said that this Roe River was nothing more
 than a drainage ditch surveyed for a school project.
 - One man's drainage ditch is another man's noble river.
 So-
 - I think that's one way of looking at it.
 Mrs. Nardlinger, when she was told this,
 said that the D River was nothing more
 than an ocean water backup.
 And so there was this massive argument
 between these two people about which was the shortest
 and whether they were even real rivers
 or they were just effluent pipes
 or bits of the ocean coming in or whatever.
 And eventually Guinness just said,
 you know what, let's not do this record anymore.
 And so they just, if you get a Guinness Book of Records now,
 it's not in there anymore.
 - So cowardly, if they'd just stuck to their guns.
 I mean, it was also a crazy record to have, isn't it?
 Because they're both sides are saying to each other,
 oh, yours is rubbish and tiny.
 And yeah, that's kind of the point.
 - Yes, we're not tiny enough.
 - Yeah. - Exactly.
 - I think I found a water slide actually
 that would suit both you, Andy and you, Anna.
 It's got the danger and the leisure at the same time.
 And this is in the Bahamas.
 And so what it is is you,
 it's called the Serpent Water Slide at the Atlantis Resort.
 And you go down and it's a normal water slide,
 but then Andy, you come out into a sort of,
 what takes about two minutes to get across,
 leisurely bit where you're just in your rubber ring
 and you're going very nicely to the end.
 Where the danger bit comes in
 is when you're having that leisurely bit in the slide,
 you are in the middle of a giant aquarium
 with sharks on either side of you.
 - Yeah, it looks amazing.
 My friend's been on that one actually,
 weirdly got a tutoring job with a family.
 And then after tutoring them,
 this was years ago, I realized they were incredibly rich
 and got taken for two weeks in the Bahamas with them
 and said it was so fantastic.
 - That's so funny.
 I thought you were going to say
 that they were tutoring in the Bahamas
 and they were so incredibly rich,
 they took them to a water park.
 - I mean, we can only dream one day
 we'll be able to afford a thought park.
 - Right at the very top of this fact, Dan,
 you said that the previous record holder
 of the longest slide was in New Jersey.
 It was in a place called Action Park.
 And Action Park is more famous on the internet
 for having this incredible water slide
 which had a loop-the-loop at the bottom,
 which was only open for one month in 1985.
 - Mad.
 - It is incredible.
 Basically what happens is you go down,
 you get enough speed and you fly around the loop-the-loop
 and you've got enough speed that you can stay
 on the edge of the loop-the-loop
 and then you come out at the end.
 The centrifugal force sort of holds you
 to the edge of the loop-the-loop.
 But the problem is if you're like Andy
 and you kind of, or me I should say,
 'cause I said this earlier,
 you kind of put your hands on it
 to slow yourself down, right?
 If you did that, you don't have enough speed
 to get around the loop-the-loop.
 And so one thing that can happen
 is if you get halfway and you run out of speed,
 you just smack your head down
 because gravity takes over.
 Another thing is you could get halfway up
 and then come right the way back down again
 to the very, very bottom.
 And then there's no way out of the slide
 because you literally can't get out.
 And so they had-
 - Netashinsky's coming up right behind you.
 - Well, you've got to send people.
 You've got to send people down to shove you along.
 - Well, eventually instead of that solution,
 they built a hatch at the bottom to let people out
 if they got stuck.
 - So that's, I've been on one that has the same thing.
 There's my favorite water slide I've ever been on
 is in the Gold Coast.
 And if you do live in Australia
 and you haven't been to it, you've got to.
 And it's basically that.
 It's incredible.
 I think it's a place called Wet and Wild.
 And you stand up really high at the top.
 So you start super high.
 You're standing on a trap door.
 And then, you know, they do a lot of,
 oh, you're ready?
 Oh, are we going to go yet?
 And then the trap door suddenly vanishes.
 And so you plummet down.
 So you drop vertically really fast for ages.
 And then you do the loop, the loop,
 which is so awesome.
 So a woman did get stuck in it.
 'Cause I remember seeing when I was going to go on it,
 I saw this escape hatch in this loop.
 And I was like, I wonder if that's ever been used.
 And there was indeed a woman who got stuck in it
 a few years ago.
 So you operate the hatch from inside
 or do they have to have someone?
 You do.
 So she said, she realized she was stuck.
 And she thought, my God,
 it's someone going to come down after me.
 I better clutch at this escape hatch with my hand
 and pull yourself out.
 Well, the one in New Jersey, anyway,
 there was an interview on deadspin.com
 with one of the people who worked there.
 And they said that the main problem was
 that at the very bottom of the loop, the loop,
 a load of kind of sand and dirt and stuff
 would kind of accumulate.
 And they won't be able to get rid of it.
 And so as you went down,
 as soon as you got to the bottom of the loop,
 the loop, it would just drag against your back
 and just basically take all the skin off the bottom
 of your back before you came out.
 So that's why it's not there anymore.
 Jesus.
 They are painful.
 It's worth it because they're great,
 but almost all good water slides,
 you end up with some serious, crazy things, don't you?
 Not that painful.
 Not to the end without your back.
 (upbeat music)
 Okay, it is time for fact number four.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that scientists in the South Pole
 are starting to speak with an Antarctic accent.
 This is an interesting thing that was studied
 by the University of Munich.
 And the idea was they wanted to see what effect
 being isolated in a place like Antarctica
 would have on a communal accent.
 And the scientists at this university decided
 that they were gonna do a case study
 where they took 11 members of the bases there.
 And they got them to sit down
 and say 28 different words into a recorder
 before their departure.
 And these-- - Into a recorder.
 Is this the same recorder that was up that nose?
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, sorry, they were recording their voices.
 Yeah, there was eight Brits, it was one American,
 it was a German and someone from Iceland.
 And then every six weeks for their entire stay,
 they would get them to do a further recording
 of the same 28 words.
 And they noticed as they were going along
 that their accents were all converging
 towards the same vowel sounds.
 For example, if they came in saying food,
 they all started saying food.
 Now, that doesn't sound too different.
 It's very tiny, but what it is is the back of the throat
 is being used for the first food that I'm saying there, food.
 And then food is the front of my mouth using it.
 And they all merged to this one same vowel sound.
 Now, it's a very small study and there's a great video,
 by the way, to watch about it
 on the Hafer's Interesting website on YouTube.
 Do check it out, it's a real proper explanation of it.
 And they show you all the sounds.
 But they noticed that an Antarctic accent
 was emerging as a result.
 - That's very cool.
 - But such a shame that they didn't do what I definitely
 would have done and said,
 should we just really screw with these guys
 and turn up six weeks later going food.
 And I just, wow.
 - Is it very cool or is it very cool?
 Or is it very cool?
 (laughing)
 - Cue.
 Yes, vowel fronting.
 That does seem to be what happens to the sounds
 that we make over time.
 And there's this thing called goose fronting.
 Did you guys, have you read about this?
 - I know.
 - It's this really cool linguistic thing
 that was defined in 1983.
 And it basically uses goose as the example word.
 So exactly as Dan says,
 we tend to start with words that have our tongue high up
 and closer to the back of our mouth.
 And it makes a more rounded sound.
 And over time, the tongue comes forward
 and it makes a slightly more,
 sort of sounds a bit more nasal sound.
 So goose used to be said in a more sonorous rounded way.
 And it's increasingly being said,
 like goose, goose, goose.
 In some places it's almost indistinguishable
 from geese apparently.
 - Geese.
 - And then we don't know why this is happening.
 It's happening all around the world, goose fronting.
 - Apparently, especially in southern British English, I read.
 - Yes.
 - I never noticed that you guys said the word goose
 different than the way I say the word goose.
 - Geese.
 - But goose, how often have you heard us say goose though?
 It's rare for me to say goose.
 - I can imagine the queen would say goose, goose.
 - Geese.
 - Geese.
 - Geese.
 - Goose.
 - Geese.
 - Get that goose off my swab.
 (laughing)
 - There was another aspect of this Antarctic study,
 which is, I mean, this is again in the runs of theory now,
 but it was a theory that people might develop accents faster
 if survival is more uncertain or more at risk.
 So it helps if you can understand
 what people are saying bluntly.
 And it might accelerate the process
 if there is more life and death situations.
 - Really?
 - Allegedly.
 - I mean, over a long period of time though,
 it's not like if you get stuck in a, you know, water slide,
 you're not going to suddenly start talking
 with a Geordie accent or something, it's like.
 - We want to help, but we can't understand you anymore.
 You've been in there so long.
 - If you're in, if I went to a water park in Newcastle
 and I was stuck in there, I might, in my panic, try.
 - So I think that might make it much less likely
 that you're rescued, don't you?
 (laughing)
 Or can you like, add that deck, let me out of here,
 let me get me.
 - Who's this dickhead?
 Leave him in there.
 (laughing)
 That is cool.
 So the idea is that these scientists in the Antarctic,
 if one of them wakes up and is unintelligible to the others,
 then they won't be able to survive.
 So they will-
 - We've run out of food.
 What's he saying?
 Food, we've run out of food.
 Don't get it, mate, we've run out of what?
 - And there was this, one of these linguists
 was Jonathan Harrington from the University of Munich.
 And he said specifically,
 it might be if people go to Mars, for instance,
 and you have a group of people who have all gone to Mars,
 that by the time they come back
 or that we can talk to them,
 they might all have a different Mars accent.
 - So cool, such a cool idea.
 - Yeah, that's completely useless.
 Imagine if they go to Mars,
 gather all this vital scientific data,
 bring it back and we've got no idea
 what they're trying to tell us.
 (laughing)
 - There is a thing where you,
 basically the longer that the queen is around,
 the more you speak like the queen.
 If you are a naked mole rat,
 is a recent study where they looked at colonies
 of naked mole rats and naked mole rats, they're mammals,
 but they act a bit like bees and ants and stuff.
 And they have a queen who's in charge of all the mating
 and then all the workers and stuff like that.
 But they found that the dialects
 of all these naked mole rats,
 all the little chirps and stuff they make
 are very similar to what the queen makes.
 And then as soon as the queen dies,
 everyone sort of goes crazy
 and does all sorts of weird accents and stuff like that.
 And then when they get a new queen,
 they all sort of go back towards
 whatever that new queen's accent is like.
 Isn't that cool?
 So we'd all be kind of like walking around to London going,
 how do you do?
 How do you do?
 How do you do?
 And then as soon as, you know,
 hopefully very long in the future, the queen dies,
 then I'll be going, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
 - It's falling.
 - Hunts and trees, oh, that, yes.
 Monstrous carbuncle, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh.
 - Well, if you were a naked mole rat then,
 then that would be the perfect moment
 to infiltrate the pack of another group of naked mole rats
 because accents are incredibly important to them
 to the point where if you have a different accent,
 let's say you've got 300 members
 of a single colony of mole rats,
 naked mole rats living with each other.
 And a random mole rat from a different colony
 comes in and wants to hang out.
 They hear its chirping accent.
 And if it's different, they'll kill it.
 They'll just kill it.
 - Wow.
 - Their accents absolutely define who they are as a group.
 And that's been studied quite a lot recently
 because there are other animals that speak with accents,
 but usually they're either water-based
 or they're constantly moving around like primates.
 And it's really hard to track and really study,
 but they have been studying naked mole rats.
 And yeah, they are just vicious.
 - They also do that in Newcastle, Andy, by the way,
 just when we're touring there later this year.
 Just make sure wherever you go,
 you always do your Geordie accent.
 - You won't be able to tell me
 from born and bred Geordie by the time we get there.
 It'll be amazing.
 Oh, here's a weird thing.
 Okay, so if I say to you,
 Ants don't sleep in a French accent.
 - Oh, is that one, that was that French?
 - That was French, yeah.
 - Can you do it again?
 - Ants don't sleep.
 - I got it, yeah.
 - In a French accent.
 It's so clearly a French accent.
 I can't believe you need it.
 Yeah, unbelievable.
 Do you believe me when I say that, that ants don't sleep?
 - Ants don't sleep.
 - Okay.
 - I know, but only because we did it on the podcast.
 They work 24.
 I know that's not the point you're trying to make right now,
 but yeah.
 - Some of them might sleep, I guess.
 If some of them work 24 hours,
 but other ones might sleep.
 - Oh yeah, there might be species.
 - I believe you.
 Perhaps it's because we've been working together
 for 10 years.
 (laughing)
 - So, the accent is relevant here,
 'cause there was a study by a couple of psychologists
 about whether people trust more or less information
 that they hear in a foreign accent,
 or in their own native accent.
 And rather depressingly,
 people trust factual statements less
 if they hear them in a foreign accent.
 - Oh, interesting.
 So does that mean people who listen to this podcast
 who aren't in the UK are gonna less believe our facts
 than people in the UK or not?
 - Americans just think we're a podcast
 of like, made up, imaginative.
 (laughing)
 - And does it also mean that people in the North
 trust me better than they trust the rest of you?
 - Maybe, yeah.
 - People and no one trusts Dan.
 Is that?
 - I've got this, and it's hardly rightfully so.
 (laughing)
 It's a very rare case where they're totally justified.
 - Wow.
 - We actually had the naked mole rat thing
 for a while in English society, the death by accident thing.
 So in the 14th century,
 you could be asked how you pronounced bread and cheese
 and beheaded if you did it wrong.
 Specifically, if you said it with a Flemish accent.
 So, and bizarrely then,
 so that was 14th century.
 And then in the 16th century in Friesland,
 anyone who pronounced bread and cheese
 with a French accent was beheaded.
 And this is all about people being kind of racist back then.
 Still, 'twas ever thus.
 And this was in the 14th century
 when the peasants revolt and the Flemish were associated
 with being sort of merchants.
 And they came from that part of the world
 that was doing quite well
 and the peasants weren't doing well.
 And so these mobs were got someone to say,
 "Say bread and cheese."
 And if they heard a hint of Flemish,
 so a hint of like, I think it's brought and cause,
 who knows how they were said 700 years ago,
 then you got your head off.
 - Wow, and that's a shibboleth, right?
 - Exactly, yeah, yeah, it's like a shibboleth.
 Shibboleth, shit, I'm having beheaded.
 - There was a thing you were saying before, Andy,
 about how you have to change an accent
 in order for people to understand
 for important moments, right?
 It's not the same scenario, but in the business world,
 a lot of companies have been called out
 because they've been doing things
 that are called accent neutralization classes.
 And particularly in America and Tennessee at a nuclear lab,
 there was a course which was effectively
 a Southern accent reduction
 where they got all of the most Southern sounding employees
 together and said, "We're gonna teach you
 to soften your accent so that people can understand you."
 - I reckon if I was at a nuclear lab
 and anyone called it nuclear,
 that's what people say, isn't it?
 Nuclear instead of nuclear,
 I think I just wouldn't do what they said.
 So they said, "Oh my God, the nuclear reactor
 is about to blow, you need to turn this down."
 I'd be like, "Sorry, what reactor?"
 (all laughing)
 - Handing them a pamphlet
 to the accent neutralization classes.
 (all laughing)
 - Do you know the language that is most similar
 genetically to English?
 This is kind of, we'll come back to accents.
 This will weave back around.
 - I would have said like German or Dutch maybe.
 - That's pretty close.
 This is Frisian.
 So this is, is the closest language to old English,
 we believe.
 So basically it's genetically close
 'cause we're mostly descended from Frisian.
 And it's so Frisian is from like north of the Netherlands.
 And one of the really cool things about it
 is that if you take an English sentence,
 which is very full of old English words,
 so you don't have all of that poncy romance language stuff
 that came in with the French,
 then it suddenly can sound really similar
 to this quite obscure language.
 So bread, butter and green cheese is good English
 and good Frisian is a sentence in English.
 And in Frisian, I can't say it very well,
 but in Frisian it is bread, butter and green cheese
 is good Ingelsk and good Frisian.
 And sorry, if you're a Frisian speaker.
 - I mean, Anna, that just sounded like you
 after you've had a few drinks.
 - I make so much sense to the Dutch though.
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Scheiberland, James.
 - @JamesHarken.
 - Andi.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email podcast at qi.com.
 - Yep, where you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing or our website,
 NoSuchThingAsOfFish.com.
 You can check out all of our previous episodes up there.
 Also, we're going back on the road.
 We've got a tour, go check out the dates
 and see if we're coming to a town near you.
 Otherwise, we'll see you again next week
 with another episode.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 - I've just realized that I had one other thing.
 Ants do sleep.
 Sorry, I should have mentioned it.
 Should I mention it?
 - I don't believe you.
 I do not believe you.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
