 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Um, which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It's kind of a nice such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 Hello, and welcome to another edition of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Triber.
 I'm sitting here with three other elves
 and it's Zinsky, James Arkin, and Anne Miller.
 And we've got on fact checking duties today, Alex Bell.
 And once again, we've gathered around the microphone
 to share our favorite facts from the last seven days.
 So in no particular order, here we go.
 Fact number one, James.
 OK, my fact is the world record for most kicks to one's own head
 is 127 in a minute.
 Jeez, so more than two a second.
 That's more than two a second.
 That's a lot of kicks.
 How did he do it?
 Well, there's a video on the Guinness Book of Records website, I think.
 It's, I think he's like kind of a martial arts guy
 and he's very supple and fast and--
 Possibly stupid.
 And possibly slightly mental.
 But that means for him to do that speed, he has to be going, like, literally--
 Pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa.
 Is he related to Roy Kirby, who I know is the guy who's
 spoken the Guinness World Record, he's also a martial arts guy for the hardest kick to the groin.
 Oh, no!
 I think he took a 22 mile an hour kick to the groin with 1100 pounds of force
 and didn't register any pain at all, he said.
 Yeah.
 He's built up a pain threshold.
 Apparently they do it in a certain type of martial art.
 And I can't remember what it's called, where basically you run hard objects
 over your muscles every day and it sort of pulverises the nerve fibers
 and causes fractures to the bone.
 And then when they heal, the body compensates by adding extra calcium to you,
 which means that you stop feeling pain.
 Here's a newspaper article that I found, which is somewhat related to Anna's fact.
 Yeah.
 A 28-year-old man who claimed to be acting out of curiosity when he asked seven women
 to kick him in the groin was sentenced yesterday to 60 days in jail.
 One of the women, afraid of what he might do if she refused, kicked him repeatedly.
 Oh my god.
 The guy thanked her and left on his bicycle.
 Which I have no seat.
 So the court asked his wife what she thought about it.
 And she told the court that she was at a loss to explain his consult.
 And she said, "I can honestly say I find this as odd and peculiar
 and disturbing as everyone else."
 I wanted to look more into this guy, Joel Lindecker.
 He's the guy who kicked himself in the head 127 times.
 He's broken his own record a number of times.
 So on one of the occasions, he was interviewed by someone
 and they said, "Can I see an example of you doing this?"
 And he said, "Yeah, sure."
 And so he did it.
 He only managed 80.
 But what was great was the interview afterwards.
 The interview is going, "Wow, I don't know what to say after seeing such a spectacle.
 How do you feel?"
 And he was breathing heavily and he's like, "Oh, I'm really exhausted.
 It's really tiring."
 She starts trying to interview him and he just keeps getting more and more concussed
 and out of it.
 Yeah.
 She says, "So how often do you do this?"
 He's like, "Oh, I pretty much only do it when I know that I'm going to be making a record attempt.
 I don't really practice in my spare time or anything."
 Sorry.
 Can I get a second?
 I'm really light-headed right now.
 She goes, "Sure, sure.
 Don't pass out.
 He bends down.
 Hands on these.
 Takes deep breaths.
 I might actually have to sit down or something."
 Can we do this interview inside?
 She basically is just totally concussed off the back of it.
 And the first time he did it, he did it with shoes on and he didn't know that he should
 have done that.
 And now he does it with either socks or--
 Slipper socks.
 Where's Slipper?
 You're right.
 No, he does it barefoot or with socks on.
 I imagine the interview would be like, "So, how do you feel about kicking yourself 127 times
 in the head?"
 He's like, "What are you talking about?"
 Yes.
 He's gone to hell.
 Who are you?
 Who am I?
 There is another Guinness World Record champ.
 He's called Ashreeta Ferman and he was born the year the first Guinness Book of World
 Records came out and he holds the Guinness World Record for holding the most Guinness World
 Records.
 So, he's had 533 and 189 are still active and they include Pogo Stick Jumping Under Water,
 popcorn sculpture, balancing most eggs on head, M&Ms eaten blindfolded with chopsticks and
 drinking 200 milliliters of mustard.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 So, the really serious record is breaking the legs.
 Does it include?
 Yeah.
 Does it include this one?
 Longest distance pulled by a horse while on fire?
 Yeah.
 I've seen that guy.
 Yeah.
 He was dragged 1,551 feet while on fire by a horse.
 I think the funnest world record to break is the most rotations hanging from a power drill
 in a minute, which is 148, it was in 2008, but it's not fun.
 So, this guy just attached a power drill to the ceiling, held onto it and just spun around
 on it for a minute.
 I want to start doing that recreationally.
 That is great.
 So, this one I found was for this distance of squirting milk from eyes.
 Nice.
 Oh, wow.
 279.5 centimeters.
 Well, why is milk coming out of your eyes?
 Shouldn't you see something about that?
 Yeah.
 People do it because their sinuses are all attached and they snort it through, then I was
 and shoot it through the eyes.
 I think students do it.
 I have a friend at school.
 He could put a whole cocktail stick up his nose.
 Don't do that.
 They can kill you.
 Wow.
 That was his part.
 Alfred Kinsey could put a whole toothbrush up his penis.
 Chris led first.
 I don't mind that.
 What?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 He's a sexologist.
 Alfred Kinsey.
 Yeah.
 Alfred Kinsey from the 50s.
 Yeah, his party trick was to put--
 Party trick.
 Who wants to see that?
 Wait, wait.
 I've got a great--
 The guy who got women's kingdom and the bulls was arrested.
 I hope he was arrested at some point.
 Shall we invite Alfred to the wedding?
 Well--
 So there's party piece.
 Can we search his bag on the way in?
 If there's a toothbrush in there, no way.
 In 2009, Jonathan Lee Riches filed an injunction against the Guinness Book of Records seeking
 to stop them from naming him as the most litigious individual in the history of mankind.
 Brilliant.
 We might have to bleep his name out of this podcast.
 Yeah.
 That's brilliant.
 Evil Knievel used to have a lot of world records.
 Did he?
 Do you remember him?
 He would jump over buses on a bike and stuff like that.
 As far as I can say, I think there is one record that he still owns.
 This is really hard to Google, but I think there's one thing that he still owns.
 Can you guess what it is?
 Most bones broken?
 It's correct.
 Is it?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 That's one thing that I know about him.
 As you watch videos of him, it's actually in terms of Shardin Freud, the funniest video
 is online.
 Because you see this man just like, "Yeah, I'm going to own it.
 I look at these buses.
 I'm going to go right over them.
 It's going to be awesome at every single time."
 He just collapses and just flies across the ground.
 The guy who has related to the guy who has the record for the furthest ever flown in
 a car crash was Matthew McNight.
 It was in 2018, he flew 118 feet, but while he was recovering in a hospital, his doctor
 brought him the forms to sign, the Guinness forms to sign, to prove that he had flown further
 than anyone else, but I just think it's a very unsympathetic doctor move, like a couple
 of days.
 He broke all of his bones.
 I'm not thinking of that record.
 Yeah, not as many as evil can evil.
 Yeah.
 Correct.
 We should try and think up a record that we can break.
 Here's one that we could break.
 The most Ferrero rushes eaten in one minute is ten.
 Yes.
 Is it like crackers, they dry your mouth, that's who you think it's easy.
 Or is it cinnamon?
 In the middle they have like, it's kind of liquidy.
 I could eat ten in a minute.
 Yeah.
 Alex, have you got anything to add before we wrap up?
 Yeah, I did find that in 2006, the man who holds the world record for spending the most
 time in a cage of centipedes married the woman who held the same record, but with scorpions.
 Oh, great.
 Okay, it's time now to move on to fact number two, Anne.
 Yes, there is a bear in the Pyrenees who is facing castration because he has fathered nearly
 all the other bears.
 Oh, that's a bit harsh.
 I think it's harsh.
 Well done, him.
 Well done, him.
 I would say well done, him.
 He's amazing.
 He's called Pyros and there are about 30 bears and there are only four other males and
 none of them have followed any bears themselves.
 But the problem is, officials don't like it because they're worried that he's ruining their
 gene pool, basically.
 And there was recently a bear born that was his daughter and his granddaughter and they started
 to get a bit worried that this is problematic, the problem with Pyros is bears generally
 stop being sexually active around 19, but a Pyros is 26 and still going.
 Wow.
 Are the bears becoming increasingly more deformed?
 I think a bear always looks pretty good, so you can't tell they're deformed and they're
 all there for.
 Well, Pliny didn't think that was true.
 You thought when a baby bear was born, it was completely shapeless and that they got into
 their bear shape by being licked into shape by their mothers.
 I think everything when it's brand new is quite strange shape and they start getting more
 of their shape when they're--
 Yeah.
 That's a good excuse.
 I'm not sure what his excuse was for saying that they had very dim eyes when they're
 born and the way that they get their eyes better is to allow bees to sting their faces
 to improve their eyesight.
 I was-- I got very interested in the idea of this bear because I didn't realize that their
 sex drive was so high, so I did a very quick Google on it.
 I didn't get very far.
 What did you Google?
 Pony bears.
 [laughter]
 I mean something very different in the gay community.
 Which I didn't-- I completely forgot.
 I did know that.
 I completely forgot.
 So just anyone out there, if you do click, "Hornie Bear" into Google, don't then click
 on the link that says, "My favorite hot and horny bears, certainly don't do it at work."
 Imagine that we're all completely misunderstanding this news article.
 [laughter]
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh dear.
 Okay.
 There's a bear in the Bible.
 It was a few actually, but one of them I like, and the biblical prophet Elisha wants cursed
 a group of children who teased him for being bold as a result they were mulled by bears
 and killed.
 Yeah.
 I love that story.
 Because it's something ridiculous, like 42 kids, like it's a lot of children.
 And they're like, "Boldie, boldie."
 And he's like, "Right.
 Fine.
 You're going to get killed by bears."
 So, do you know what you had to do if you were attacked by bears?
 I think we covered on this.
 There's a witch bear in the bear, isn't it?
 Yeah, that's right.
 What's that?
 So, you might be attacked by a brown bear or a black bear.
 Yes.
 The problem is that brown bears are sometimes black and black bears are sometimes brown, so
 it's hard to tell.
 If you're attacked by a brown bear, then you should play dead.
 But if you're attacked by a black bear and you play dead, you'll almost certainly be
 killed.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They didn't dress like brown.
 Oh yeah, and they're just like, "Oh, this is so much easy."
 They also be like, "I want a chase. I don't need just a light bear."
 Pirates, shaggers.
 Probably shaggers.
 Yeah.
 Peter the Great trained up two bears.
 He had two white bears to serve vodka to his guests.
 And if they didn't accept the vodka, then he would train the bear to harass them, which
 I think might explain Russia's vodka problem because you're not going to turn down vodka
 from an angry bear.
 What do you mean, "harass them"?
 Just like nod you.
 Come on, mate.
 Come on.
 The other thing is a white bear is presumably a polar bear.
 Yeah.
 The other kind of bear is a spectacled bear.
 They actually have markings like they're wearing a pair of glasses.
 They're amazing if you haven't seen them.
 Look them up.
 Isn't Paddington based on--
 That's what I was going.
 Yeah.
 Because they are the only bear found in South America.
 So Paddington by default must be a spectacled bear.
 But of course, we know he's not a polar.
 But I like the idea of Paddington with glasses.
 And Paddington was originally going to be from deepest darkest Africa, but the problem
 with that is there are no bears in Africa.
 There's no bears in Africa, isn't there?
 Yeah, that makes sense.
 Is it true that Byron had a bear?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So that's true.
 We've discussed this in the vodka, actually.
 I'm sorry to Oxford.
 Any time that I've seen news about this bear, the one thing that doesn't come up is the name
 of the bear.
 Oh.
 How do we know that he had a bear, yet the name of the bear has not made it through?
 One more bear thing I didn't know was that during the Cold War in the 1960s Americans tested
 their supersonic ejector seats on bears, and they fired bears out of the ejector seats
 and then tested how safely they landed.
 And they survived, actually.
 But then they had to put the bears down to study what had happened to their spines and
 what happened to their internal organs.
 And so they were launching bears out of airplanes.
 Yeah, there were pictures.
 These bears look pretty terrifying.
 How did they get a bear in an ejector seat?
 Yeah.
 They must have been drugged.
 They were drugs.
 So we did the thing on QI about the pig face ladies, which was actually a shaved bear in
 a dress.
 And they used to get the bears really drunk before they shaved them.
 Yeah.
 That's insane.
 Hey, do you know what a, it's either the pronunciation is "tap it" or "tap it."
 I'm not sure what the pronunciation is.
 It's associated with bears, do you know what that is?
 T-A-P-P-E-T.
 What?
 I don't think I know that word.
 It's basically the blockage that is created when they go into hibernation.
 Like a butt plug.
 It's a butt plug.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, a butt plug of hair.
 Yeah.
 It's amazing.
 For seven months, they can sleep.
 They don't eat, drink, urinate, defecate.
 How do you do that?
 Seven months.
 It's like...
 By plugging up your butt.
 My mind's blown by hibernation.
 Yeah, no.
 They do.
 They're going to to topper, which is slightly different, but some female bears can give birth
 while they're asleep.
 What?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 It's not all of them, but some of them.
 They must have a seriously high-paying threshold.
 I think they just pass out drunk for a full seven months, that kind of explains that.
 And they do like alcohol.
 Well, Boy Check the Bear loved beer, didn't he?
 Boy Check who helped the polls in World War II, carrying artillery back and forth.
 OK.
 But his favourite drink was beer, and he loved a cigarette.
 This was a bear.
 Yeah, Boy Check the Bear.
 He's really famous.
 I think there's a statue of him in Princess Street now in Edinburgh because he, when the rest
 of his days in Scotland, I think.
 Well, we've also got that penguin at Edinburgh Zoo, Neil's all-off, is he a Norwegian guard?
 Yeah.
 A knighthood?
 We are going to have to move on.
 Alex, have you got anything you want to add?
 Only that Byron's bear was called Bruin.
 We know his name.
 Oh, OK.
 Bruin is just a name for a bear, though, really, isn't it?
 It also just sounds like a misspelling of Byron, right?
 That down wrong at Cambridge.
 OK, time to move on to fact number three, and that's my fact.
 And that is, Poland's only official ghost hunter thinks that ghosts have given up on haunting
 humans.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 Now, it's amazing that Poland has an official registered ghost hunter to begin with.
 Yeah.
 Finally, he's very dispirited because he thinks that we've become all too skeptical and that ghosts
 are no longer interested in humans.
 Or it could be that he's a very, very bad hunter, and he just can't find them because he's
 a rowish hunter, and he's blaming it on them disappearing.
 That's very true.
 I mean, I know that in Bhutan, there's an official Yeti hunter, and he's been working for
 the king.
 He's under his second king now, because the new king took over, and he's been working
 with him for something like 20 odd years.
 And nothing.
 He's, you know, nothing.
 Really?
 But what he said is, as the reason we haven't seen any, is that, A, they have the ability to
 turn themselves invisible.
 Secondly, he says that they have the ability to take their feet off and put them back on
 the other way around.
 So when it looks like they've walked one way, in fact, they've gone the other way.
 They're sneaky.
 It's very hard to tell where Yeti's gone.
 Well, I've been to Bhutan, and they have a Yeti sanctuary, don't they?
 They do.
 Sanctuary.
 Yes.
 They have a Yeti park.
 It's an actual Yeti park where there are, like, park rangers.
 We look after the Yetis.
 So when you say an official ghost hunter, is this like a government sanctioned post?
 Yeah.
 I mean, presumably he's just a private guy and people pay him to go and hunt for ghosts, right?
 Yeah, I think that's what it is.
 And people have stopped paying him now, because they don't believe in ghosts anymore and he
 is a bit pissed off.
 So he's decided to claim that the ghosts are angry with people.
 I think they might have gone to Wales, because last year, the Welsh police force received
 13 reports of ghosts up from only two in 2010.
 Bloody Polish immigrants.
 Is this what people are talking about when they say that?
 I could say that because I'm half Polish.
 But as well as finding 13 ghosts in Wales, South Wales police also got reports of three zombies,
 two werewolves, two vampires and six witches.
 Wow.
 I think they're unlike a paranormal voter, because notting him in 2011, the company said in
 the last six years, they had 34 cases of ghosts.
 And they also had 46 witchcraft and three UFOs, all of which turned out to be Chinese lanterns.
 Yeah.
 Chinese lanterns are often the most mistaken object for a UFO.
 They did this huge breakdown of everything that people thought was a UFO and what it actually
 turned out to be.
 And Chinese lanterns was way up.
 Right at the bottom, two percent of all UFO sightings turned out to be the moon.
 Do you know about the big ghostly frenzy that happened in London back in 1762?
 I do not.
 Okay.
 This is the story.
 It's called Scratching Fanny of Cocklay.
 Oh, yes, I do know about it.
 Yeah.
 Scratching Fanny of Cocklay is amazing.
 Just for anybody who doesn't know it.
 In 1762, there was a public frenzy in London over the ghost of Fanny Kent, scratching
 and knocking coded messages from behind the wall of a room where she lived.
 The owner of the house saw tickets so that you could witness it and storeholders, hold
 refreshments to crowds who are gathering outside.
 So it was a really big thing.
 The Duke of York came to see it, Samuel Johnson came.
 He did a say-ons there, but he debunked the whole thing.
 Wow.
 And the noise turned out to be made by an 11 year old girl called Elizabeth who had concealed
 behind the wooden board and was doing it with her corset.
 But this is the interesting thing is that obviously throughout history, people have reported
 poltergeist-y kind of things.
 And a surprising fact, though, I read, is that it's mostly associated with pubescent girls
 around 11 and 12 years old, which is why in all the movies like Exorcist, it's always
 a young girl.
 But James, do you know anything about that?
 Like, is there any research?
 I know some history of it.
 You know how sometimes people say, if they're trying to talk to a ghost, they'll say knock
 once for yes and twice for no.
 That came from some sisters, I can't remember the name, I think they might be the fox sisters
 or something.
 And they were tricking their parents by setting up a load of levers which would make banks
 underneath a table just for fun, really.
 But then suddenly all the neighbors got involved and then suddenly it became really famous
 across the country and then eventually they admitted that it was all a hoax.
 But yeah, that's where that once, once and twice knocking thing comes from.
 Okay, right.
 But there have been a few over the history about young girls doing things like that, yeah.
 Yeah.
 And the Enfield poltergeist case, which was an 18 month long ghost haunting that had been
 in up in Enfield in London.
 We had a guy on the upcoming series of museum curiosity who he's a skeptic, but he studied
 it all.
 His point about it was the only thing that they said as a what could be the explanation was
 is that the girl in question who was a young 11 to 12 year old girl at time was that she
 was very clever, but he doesn't buy that as an excuse because he thinks that was Will
 star, wasn't it?
 Will story.
 Yeah.
 But you can see, you can see because like in your story, the not one and two knocking, that's
 an 11 year old girl in the story of scratching Fanny at Cochlein.
 That's a 11 to 12 year old girl.
 Maybe 11 to 12 year old girls are incredibly clever.
 Maybe that's it.
 There's also, they're quite susceptible to hysteria.
 When you get things happening where large groups of people all believe something which isn't
 quite true.
 Or all get hiccups.
 Yeah, all get hiccups or all get a laughing fit or whatever, often it does turn out to be
 pubescent girls.
 Makes sense.
 Based on what you know of adolescence, the beginning of adolescence, you're very impressionable
 and there is a cult, there's a history of like people are assuming hysteria and girls.
 Can I tell you about Scottish ghost stories?
 Yes.
 When I was really young, my mum basically put me off them for ages because she told me she
 saw an ad in the local paper for a jumper Uter.
 Okay, Alex, have you got anything you want to add to this before we move on?
 Only if anyone is interested in looking up the origin of the knock wants for yes twice
 for no, the sisters are called Margaret and Kate Fox.
 Are they with Fox?
 Yeah, it was Fox.
 Hang on.
 Foxy girls.
 I just want to quickly add that this guy in Poland, this official ghost hunter, is very
 upset with the situation.
 Does want it to change?
 He has a 24 hour hotline that you can call him on if you have a ghost that you'd like
 to report because he complains that very few people now take ghost seriously.
 So even if they do have a paranormal experience, they tend to ignore it and are reluctant to contact
 him.
 And his name is Poeta Schelkevitz and if you want to get in contact with him, there is
 a hotline or you can email him on ghost_hunted@vp.pl.
 He thinks that people are just, they see ghosts, but they don't care enough these days.
 You see a ghost and you think, whatever, I'm just going on with my day.
 Yeah, the thing is about ghosts, apparently, is most of them are not like see-through people
 who are people in sheets or whatever, they're just normal looking people, which makes me
 think they probably are normal people.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that means I see ghosts all the time.
 Yeah.
 You guys are instance.
 And what Bruce Willis doing in the corner of the room?
 All right, time to move on to fact number four.
 That is Chazinski.
 Yep, my fact I found out this week in a recent news scientist is that fallout from the cold
 war has been used to solve murders.
 Okay, explain.
 Right.
 So, nuclear testing of the US and the USSR between 1952 and 1963 caused a massive spike in the
 carbon-14 isotope.
 And it's the type of carbon that you measure the degeneration of when you're carbon dating
 to see how old something is.
 Okay.
 So, there's a sudden spike in the atmosphere of carbon-14.
 It was spread all over the world.
 And then as soon as the weapons ban came in in 1963, it started declining again.
 So, you can tell when something died by comparing how much carbon-14 in their body to what they
 call the bomb curve, which is the gradual decrease of carbon-14 in the atmosphere since 1963.
 You can tell when they died.
 Right.
 That's how you date someone's death.
 So, it's actually been really useful.
 I just like the fact like in hundreds of thousands of years time they're going to look at
 our bodies and will be the cold war generation because our bodies have, you know, kind of all
 superheroes.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what the perfect thing for forensics is?
 Apparently it's glitter.
 Glittering.
 Yeah, the reason is that glitter sticks to you and you can't get rid of it.
 No matter what.
 And because people just accept it and it's there, they don't really care about it.
 So, they just leave it on themselves for days and days and days and apparently it's, if
 you commit a crime in a circus, for instance, or in a child's birthday party or something,
 then they can use the glitter to it.
 So, if someone comes and assaults you or murders you, you should always keep a little
 box of glitter.
 They can throw it over them at the last minute and be like, "I'd be like smart water."
 It's interesting as well.
 There must been a big period where people were testing out new methods like forensics
 and fingerprints and so on and we've adopted them as kind of absolute truth now for a lot
 of them.
 Fingerprints, I know, is actually slightly queried because every different country has different
 requirements for what makes up a match of a fingerprint.
 So, in France and Australia, they need 12 identical points to make sense of a fingerprint
 whereas in Italy, they need 16 and in America it just varies from state to state of how
 many identities.
 They're just like, he's got fingers.
 Yeah, he's the guy.
 Yeah, that's how man.
 But fingerprinting somehow has made it through, but there's other ones back in the 1970s that
 was a lady called Dr. Louise Robbins and she was at the University of North Carolina.
 She declared herself to be the world's only footprint identification experts and she
 claimed that she could not only identify the shoes but the person who had been wearing
 the shoes as well.
 And as a result, 12 people were sent to prison and after her death, the panel of 135 forensic
 experts reviewed her work and realized that it was just absolute nonsense.
 Oh, hey, people went to prison.
 12.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Actually, I really remember solving a crime.
 I love this story.
 It's a 12-year-old called Jessica Maple and she went on a summer camp called Be a Junior
 District Attorney and then her grandma there had died a few years ago and people broke
 in and stole stuff from her house and so she used her skills and outsmarted the police
 and found the guys that she went to the house, found a broken window and fingerprints that
 the police had missed and then she told them and then while they were following her lead,
 she found a local pawn job that had all her grandma's stuff in it and then they had managed
 to identify the guys who had taken it.
 She was 12.
 Good for her.
 So the just junior district attorney?
 Yeah.
 Well, I have another thing about kids and this is about nuclear stuff.
 There was a boy scout in America called David Hahn and he earned his merit badge in
 atomic energy, presumably by answering a quiz or something like that.
 We're making nuclear pops.
 Well that's what he decided to do.
 He had a badge and so he was going to build a nuclear reactor and so he collected small
 amounts of radioactive material from household goods like smoke detectors and built himself
 a nuclear reactor in his shed and the police accidentally discovered it when they were looking
 for something else.
 The US government commandeered his mother's house, decontaminated it and buried his shed
 in the desert in Utah.
 Wow.
 Oh my god.
 Well, this is his whole shed to the desert that's like up for like with radiation down.
 Wasn't there a guy in England recently who became the youngest person to build a nuclear
 reactor and I might have made that up so maybe Alex could check it.
 I think he lived in, I want to say, slow.
 It was somewhere that sounds comically bad, really glamorous.
 A 13 year old boy called Jamie Edwards who made it at school here.
 Yeah.
 Apparently it's illegal to move sheep and whales until they've been checked to see
 whether they carry traces of the fallout from Chernobyl as well.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 On this particular subject, I've got a question for you guys.
 Oh yeah.
 Why shouldn't you buy trousers from the Northern Ukraine?
 I don't know.
 Why shouldn't you buy trousers from the Northern Ukraine?
 Chernobyl fallout.
 Ladies and gentlemen, that is the joke.
 Yeah.
 Just so you know, just as a little inside bit of behind the scenes information here, Anna
 has consistently, for the last 14 podcasts, said that same joke and we've cut it out every
 single episode.
 She has refused to have it in the book.
 This is a day.
 And you will not hear it in this one either, unless someone else said it.
 It's the best joke ever.
 Alex, do you have anything to add before we move on?
 Yeah, the thing about sheep and whales being radioactive is right.
 All the sheep in the highest pastures still are exposed to the highest levels of cesium.
 And so they will have to be tested and regulated before they go to market.
 So for those people left, still shagging sheep, stop it.
 It's very dangerous.
 No, yeah, I'm not sure they do that.
 James, don't ruin my fantasies.
 Because if they did, the knobs would fall out.
 Okay, that's it, that's the end of our show.
 Thanks everyone for listening.
 If you want to find out anything about the stuff that we've been talking about, you can
 actually head over to our qi.com/podcast page where we're going to have all sorts of
 videos, maybe a list of records that you could break, an update on whether we actually did
 the Ferrero Rocher experiment, some great evil, con evil videos where he gets tossed around.
 So to speak, so to speak, some ghost imagery, perhaps, and a picture of pirus, the horny bear,
 without actual horny bears that I saw on the internet this morning.
 Okay, that's it really.
 If you want to talk to any of us about the things that we've said during the course of
 this podcast, you can get us all on our Twitter handle.
 So I'm on @Sriberland, James, @egshaped, @millar_an, @Alex, @AlexBell_, and Anna.
 If you email podcast@qi.com, #getAnnaOnTwitter, someone made the argument that if you don't
 have Twitter, how can you see the hashtag?
 So what we've done is we printed out all of the tweets and posted them around Anna's desk
 wallet.
 Thanks so much for listening, we'll be back again next week with another episode of No Such
 thing as a fish, and we'll catch you then, goodbye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
