 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 and no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast,
 this week coming to you live
 from the O2 Forum in Kentish Town.
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that one of the main villains
 in China's equivalent of WWE is Steve,
 the English as a second language teacher.
 (audience laughing)
 - That is terrifying.
 - It's a frightening concept for a lot of Chinese people
 trying to learn English.
 I think it's quite a small outfit compared to WWE,
 which you may remember as WWF,
 but of course it's not allowed to be called that anymore
 'cause the Wildlife Fund got that name.
 - Yes, absolutely.
 - And that was it, wasn't it?
 - It was a big fight with Hulk Hogan and the panda.
 (audience laughing)
 - Bizarrely the panda won that one.
 So this is Middle Kingdom Wrestling, MKE,
 which is the very nascent Chinese pro wrestling organization
 that was started in 2015.
 And yeah, it's got some imaginative evil dudes.
 So Steve, the English as a second language teacher,
 he brings exam textbooks into the ring.
 - Oh, that's so cool.
 - Does he like hit them with it?
 Us, he must be right.
 - I think he does a bit, yes he does.
 - Does he?
 - I thought he did.
 - He probably does.
 I was imagining he just opened it up in front of them
 and said, "Answer these questions."
 (audience laughing)
 - I don't know.
 - I read the article that you sent round about this, Anna,
 I read something, it was in sixth tone, I think,
 was the website.
 - Yes, yeah.
 - And it said, "Burger, burger,"
 repeats the English language instructor,
 showing a picture of a hamburger to his opponent.
 (audience laughing)
 And then the commentator says,
 "Cowardly attack here by Steve, the ESL teacher,
 "letting issues from his personal life
 "creep into the business life again."
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, his wife cheated on him with a hamburger.
 (audience laughing)
 Very awkward.
 - But they do, I mean, it is like WWE,
 used to be WWF, you know, amazing characters.
 They've got the bamboo crusher,
 who's a guy who comes out with sort of,
 it's basically, he's meant to be a panda
 and he's just got two black marks around his eyes, yeah.
 - There's another character who is the curry kid
 and he wears a devil mask, quite scary.
 And then on his head, there's a,
 I thought it was a weird looking hat.
 And I zoomed right in and it's a paper plate
 with rice on top.
 (audience laughing)
 I don't know if it's real rice
 and it's like finishing school,
 you have to balance it on your head
 the whole way through.
 - Wow.
 - But that was him.
 - That's amazing.
 - There's Queen Marie, who just wears a crown.
 She's the only lady.
 And there's Buffer Daboonbox.
 No, sorry, Buffer and Daboonbox,
 who carries a boombox.
 - Wow.
 - It's a great cast character.
 - He's Buffer.
 - He's Buffer.
 - And Daboonbox.
 - And Daboonbox, it's his sidekick, yeah.
 - You said there was only one female wrestler there,
 does that mean she fights against the men or?
 - I think they fight other wrestling outfits.
 So there's another outfit called
 the OWE Oriental Wrestling Entertainment
 and I think they've interacted.
 But I'm not sure what Queen Marie does.
 - Interesting, 'cause do you know that TV show,
 Glow, that used to be on?
 - Yeah.
 - Brilliant TV show.
 The gorgeous ladies of wrestling, it's called,
 and it's about women's wrestling,
 but it was based on real life wrestling.
 And they brought in all these women
 who are mostly dancers and stuff like this.
 And there was only one woman who had any wrestling experience.
 She was called Dee Booher and she played Matilda the Hun.
 But when she was doing her wrestling,
 she wasn't allowed to fight against the men.
 And there were no other women who could fight against her,
 so they needed to find someone to fight her.
 And they found a female bear.
 - Okay.
 (audience laughs)
 - Who she fought.
 - It's Hulk who converted the panda all over again, so.
 - And so she wasn't allowed to fight men.
 They had to find a female.
 They found a female bear.
 - Okay, so surely fighting a female bear
 is harder than fighting a man.
 (audience laughs)
 - Have you not seen that thing on Twitter
 that's been doing the rounds
 that most men think they can beat up a bear?
 - Yes, right.
 - Oh, I'm so glad that we've got onto this.
 I didn't think we would.
 But it was really interesting,
 because the question specified,
 this was a YouGov poll,
 which was, you know, what percent of men and women
 think they could beat which animals?
 And it was within the last week, wasn't it?
 And it was something like 38% of men
 think they could beat a chimpanzee, unarmed.
 Chimpanzees are strong.
 - It was like 7% of men thought they could beat a lion.
 - Yeah, and it was something like 8% of men.
 And women were the same number, weirdly.
 Both men and women, about 7% or 8%
 think they could beat an elephant in a fight, if unarmed.
 - Wow.
 I mean, what do you do?
 How do you fight?
 - Yeah.
 - What, you grab the trunk, obviously.
 - You grab the trunk, and then.
 - But then what?
 I mean, it submits, I guess.
 I mean, they're very sensitive.
 Yeah.
 - This thing of the sort of the villain wrestlers,
 the heels, you know, they're the sort of,
 and this thing of, which I don't really understand
 'cause I'm not a wrestling fan,
 where you have to stay in character.
 No one really acknowledges the.
 - Yeah, it's a.
 - Yeah, it's a whole thing.
 You don't acknowledge the kind of fictional elements
 of the universe and, you know, all of this.
 But this was such a big thing that wrestlers
 in the 70s and 80s weren't allowed to travel
 to matches together if they were on opposite sides
 in the fictional universe of wrestling.
 - Oh, really? So like if two of them saw each other
 on a plane, they'd have to get in a big fight?
 - Yeah, exactly, basically, yeah.
 And so there were two wrestlers called Hacksaw Jim Duggan.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Ba-ba-beats people up.
 - Okay, so.
 - Hacksaw Jim Duggan.
 - I should just say, we very much have done
 specialist subjects in the section.
 - That's not even his theme tune.
 That was like a random WWF music album
 that was released in 1995.
 It's great.
 Brent the Hitman Heart has a love song on it,
 "Much a man, Randy Savage."
 Keep going, sorry.
 - Thank you.
 - So he, CF, downs early a bit.
 Hacksaw Jim Duggan and an evil character
 called the Iron Shake.
 - Ah!
 (laughing)
 - Classic.
 - Huge.
 - Oh, I think I know what you're about to say.
 He was at a conference.
 The Iron Shake met up with the ultimate warrior
 and he wanted to say hi.
 And the ultimate warrior didn't want to say hi back.
 And so the Iron Shake slapped the man
 who said he would say hi.
 It's very dramatic.
 It's on YouTube.
 - That's not what I was gonna say.
 (laughing)
 - Anyway, this fact has received such a kicking from Dad.
 But basically.
 - I'm just giving background context.
 - Hacksaw Jim Duggan.
 - Mama beats people up.
 - Thank you.
 (laughing)
 And the Iron Shake were arrested
 while traveling in the same car in 1987.
 - Wait, because they were traveling in the same car?
 - Admittedly, they weren't arrested
 because of the fictional universe of wrestling being breached.
 They were arrested for possession of cocaine and marijuana.
 But still.
 (laughing)
 - But I bet the police were bloody cross
 about the fictional world being breached as well, weren't they?
 - You guys shouldn't even be in the same room together.
 (laughing)
 - Well, there was a guy, another famous pro wrestler
 in Britain in the 60s, 70s.
 Actually, I think wrestled up to the late 80s, 90s
 called Kendo Nagasaki, who actually,
 there are two Kendo Nagasaki's.
 One is a Japanese guy, which sounds about right,
 who is called Kazuo Sakurada.
 But the famous one in Britain
 is just this bloke called Peter Thornley.
 (laughing)
 Now, Wikipedia describes Peter Thornley
 as someone who remains a household name in his home country.
 'Cause anyone heard of Peter Thornley?
 - No.
 - Right, so it's not, none of the households here tonight.
 But, yeah, so he was super committed to the role
 and he wore a mask and his character was,
 he had these powers of hypnosis
 and he was very dark and brooding
 and had a very troubled past.
 And he's taking vengeance on everyone, et cetera, et cetera,
 lots of bullshit.
 And he never spoke, so he had to have with him
 a verbalizer at all times.
 He was called Gorgeous George Gillette.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - But so basically this guy was like sooty,
 Kendo Nagasaki, and Gorgeous George had to lean over
 and say, "What's that Kendo Nagasaki?"
 (laughing)
 You're gonna beat the shit out of this guy.
 Well, I'll tell them, but I don't think they're gonna like it.
 - He was very intimidating.
 - What do you think of that, Bison Girl?
 (laughing)
 - So his life was essentially ruined in the late 70s
 because he was sort of living with Gorgeous George
 at the time, it seems.
 And his identity was fully hardcore secret.
 No one knew he was.
 And then their toilet broke
 and they had to call a plumber in.
 And the plumber saw Gorgeous George answer the door,
 put two and two together and was like,
 "I bet that guy who's sitting there on the sofa
 is Kendo Nagasaki."
 'Cause he's hanging out with Gorgeous George.
 And so he then printed loads of leaflets saying,
 "This is the real identity of Kendo Nagasaki
 and this is the address he lives at."
 He used to hand them out at all the gigs they did.
 - Really?
 - And whenever he'd put adverts in the newspaper,
 so there'd be a big ad that Kendo Nagasaki's having
 a big fight here, then just below it would appear,
 posted by this plumber, a thing saying,
 "The above wrestler, Kendo Nagasaki, is Peter Thornley
 and he lives at this address."
 - Right.
 - And everyone in the UK is going,
 "We know who Peter Thornley is."
 (laughing)
 - But that is the reality
 when you've got these amazing characters
 and then the real life.
 You know, Yokozuna, one of the greatest characters in WWF,
 he was a Japanese sumo wrestler.
 He wasn't, he was from Hawaii
 and his name was Rodney in real life.
 You know, Hulk Hogan, his name's Terry, you know?
 - Is it Terry Hogan?
 - No, it's called Belayah, something like that.
 Belayah.
 - I should have learned that you would know.
 - Yeah, Terry Belayah.
 - Okay, here's a quiz question for you Dan,
 as soon as you're such an expert.
 - Okay.
 - In which country do you think was the highest attended
 wrestling performance in history?
 - Ooh, I'm gonna say Philippines.
 - Matthew, no.
 Keep going.
 - I'm gonna say America.
 - You've got 193 countries in the world.
 - I'm gonna say South Sudan.
 Andy, this is my game, sorry.
 - It's pretty much one of the last places you would think of.
 It's North Korea.
 - What?
 - Okay.
 And in 1995, there was a load of wrestlers from America,
 from WWF, went over to North Korea with Muhammad Ali,
 by the way, to do a big sort of wrestling show.
 One of them was Ric Flair, who I'm sure you will know.
 - Yeah, the nature boy, Ric Flair.
 Always wore red when he was gonna lose.
 No one knew that at the time.
 - We've never done a podcast with live footnotes before.
 (laughing)
 And it's unbelievably annoying.
 (laughing)
 - And he fought against this guy called Antonio Inoki,
 who was a Japanese wrestler.
 And he kind of had some connections in North Korea,
 so he could do it.
 But there were about 100,000 people
 who watched this wrestling match.
 - Wow.
 - All North Koreans, and so didn't cheer.
 They just sat in silence and watched this match happen.
 And then Ric Flair at the end,
 they tried to force him into doing a statement saying,
 oh, I can see why North Korea is so great,
 and why America is so afraid of North Korea,
 and stuff like that.
 But he refused to do that.
 But Inoki, who is the Japanese guy,
 he was also a politician.
 And he once successfully negotiated with Saddam Hussein
 for the release of Japanese hostages, this wrestler.
 - Wow.
 - Isn't that amazing?
 And he's so revered in the Japanese wrestling world
 that if you're a Japanese wrestler,
 you might request to be slapped in the face by him.
 (laughing)
 And that might give you some of his courage.
 That's the idea.
 - I didn't know that slapping in the face
 is apparently a big wrestling move.
 I'm learning tonight.
 - Yeah.
 - You're not supposed to do it with an open palm.
 Is that right, Dan?
 - You, well, you don't do it with a fist.
 You have to do it with open palm.
 - You don't do it with a fist.
 It's an open palm so that you don't make,
 it's a more, let's see that noise.
 - Yeah, thank you, yeah.
 - You don't get that with the palm.
 So it's more for the dramatics of it.
 And it's obviously safer.
 And you don't pull hair.
 But also, there was a tag team called the Bushwhackers,
 and they used to lick people's heads.
 They were from New Zealand.
 And I met them as a kid in public home.
 - Sorry, sorry, sorry.
 The New Zealand was your headline.
 But I think what you said just before,
 it was more interesting.
 - Oh, so they, yeah.
 So their whole thing was they would lick people's heads.
 - Was this pre-COVID or?
 - Yes.
 (laughing)
 - Very safe at the time.
 - It's not a winning move.
 - I don't understand how that would come to take you.
 - Did the two of them lick the head
 at the, the enemy's head at the same time?
 Like a sort of finishing move?
 - No, no, it wasn't a finishing move.
 No, it was just a mid-match cheeky lick on the head.
 - Come on, Annie.
 That's foreplay.
 - That's it, that's coming first.
 - It would be before matches.
 It would be if they were being interviewed
 by the WWF, you know, ring announcers and so on.
 - Why would they, why would they,
 what they would lick the heads of the people into,
 is this mid-match or is this an interview?
 Just you'd lick the interviewer's head.
 - They'd lick the interviewer's head.
 Occasionally they'd be a mid-match lick.
 If it called for it.
 My point is, is when I met them,
 I asked them to lick my head and they did.
 And because--
 - They licked your head?
 - Yeah, both of them.
 I've got photos.
 I've got like a tongue, like really burrowing
 right next to the--
 - What, they had tongues that could burrow into your head?
 - Big-ass tongues.
 Probably why they started licking heads professionally.
 (laughing)
 - That's amazing.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, can I tell you my favorite fact I learned
 about wrestlers, which will be of interest
 to a very small proportion of people,
 but I'm gonna do it anyway.
 - Probably done.
 (laughing)
 - She may be not, right?
 You know David Arquette, the actor who--
 - In Scream and--
 - In, well, and what?
 It's very, very little else.
 - Courtney Cox?
 (laughing)
 - So, as Dan has specified, David Arquette,
 the actor famous for Scream and Courtney Cox.
 He, one of the reasons his career sort of disappeared
 is that he got really obsessed with wrestling.
 So he played this character called Gordie Boggs
 in a film, a 2000 film about pro wrestling.
 - Gordie Boggs?
 - That Gordie Boggs.
 - Oh, sorry.
 It just sounded like Gordie Boggs,
 which sounds like Courtney Cox.
 And I just wondered if--
 (laughing)
 - That was before or after he met Courtney Cox.
 - Well, this is after, but this is what's interesting.
 They were together, they were married at this point.
 He played this character, he got obsessed with pro wrestling.
 He was actually crowned the champion of pro wrestling,
 which was extremely controversial in the wrestling world
 'cause they were like, "He can't even wrestle."
 But he got so into it that it became really embarrassing.
 And Courtney Cox, as I said in interviews,
 it was a lot to handle to be with David
 and to see David at this point.
 'Cause he suddenly got all consumed by that.
 He was going to wrestling matches and being loud
 and screaming, and it was kind of insane.
 I remember feeling embarrassed.
 Now, what is effing weird about that,
 is that is a plot in Friends three years
 before it happened in real life, right?
 Who remembers that plot?
 - Wait, her boyfriend, Tom Selleck,
 wants to be the ultimate fighting champion?
 - It's not Tom Selleck, thank you for that, my God.
 - It is Tom Selleck, isn't it?
 - No, it's not Tom Selleck.
 No, he is also Monica's lover in Friends, but--
 - John Favreau?
 - Yes, it's that guy, yeah.
 - Wow.
 - Anyway, how weird is that?
 Three years before it happened,
 this happened to Monica in Friends
 and then happened to Courtney Cox in real life.
 - Yeah, that is weird.
 - What a roller coaster.
 But now, David Arquette, in 2018,
 decided to take up pro wrestling
 'cause he wants to redeem his name
 in the wrestling communities.
 - Wow, how is that a roller coaster
 if the same thing is happening?
 (laughing)
 A roller coaster, you want different things to happen.
 - It's a shit roller coaster.
 - What a monorail.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is Andy.
 My fact is that expert bell makers
 can tell where a bell was made
 just from listening to the bong.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, I mean, pretty cool.
 - Is that a useful skill, would you say?
 - Uh...
 - I mean, how often are you in a party?
 (laughing)
 And someone's got a massive church bells, I guess, right?
 - You church bells, yeah.
 - Yeah, and someone's like,
 hey, Andy, come over here and tell us where this is from.
 - It's a party, it's more of a party trick
 unless you're a professional founder,
 which is that you're right, you're absolutely right.
 - How do you verify it in the moment?
 How do you, if you said that's from, you know,
 this small foundry in-- - Not, yeah, yeah.
 I don't know how you verify it.
 I guess the person asking you
 where was this bell made knows, and you don't.
 - So they're being forced into the game,
 they're not just bringing it up.
 - So you're telling someone something
 they already know in effect, aren't you?
 - No, well, no, you're saying,
 come and listen to my bell if you're a vicar, say.
 You get the founder into your church, they listen to the bell,
 they say, oh, that was made at the White Chapel Bell Foundry,
 or whatever.
 - By the way, if a vicar ever says to you,
 come and listen to my bell, do not go with him.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, my God.
 Oh, dear.
 - I mean, there aren't that many places,
 and I don't mean to belittle this,
 but there are not that many places
 a bell could have been made in this day and age, are there?
 - That's right.
 - Yeah, but we have a lot of old bells.
 - There are a lot of old bells.
 - There are a lot of bells, but this is the problem.
 Okay, this is exactly the problem
 with being a bell founder in this day and age,
 so this is from, I should say, it's from this brilliant article,
 it was a Guardian article long read by Hetty O'Brien,
 and it's about a place called the White Chapel Bell Foundry.
 Foundry is just a bell factory,
 and it went out of business a few years ago,
 and it had been in business since 1570.
 Queen Elizabeth I was on the throne when this place started up,
 and it was one of the last foundries in the country
 before it shut down, and the problem is
 that bells last forever.
 - Yeah.
 - Because...
 - It's not like an iPhone, is it?
 - No, that's why Steve Jobs didn't go into bell.
 He didn't come out and say, "We know you like the iPhones,
 "but here's our new thing, it's a 400 tonne bell."
 Yeah, it's a real problem.
 So they made the White Chapel Bell Foundry,
 made two bells for Westminster Abbey in 1583,
 which are fine, they're still working.
 They don't need upgrading, they don't need changing,
 they just...
 Yeah, so bell companies have a nightmare
 if we're not on a period of active church building.
 - Except, though, except when disaster strikes.
 So if, say, like World War II happened,
 that's fantastic for the bell industry,
 because so many churches are being destroyed,
 that suddenly they're back in business.
 - I heard that they were behind the whole thing,
 actually, the bell makers.
 - It was a big bell, wasn't it?
 - Big bell, yeah.
 - But that's the moment when they suddenly have popularity
 in business because...
 - That was the only time they made a profit
 in the 20th century.
 The entire 20th century, the only time they made a profit
 was the years after the Second World War.
 - And then, most recently, it was only because of Downton Abbey
 being so popular with their little ding-a-ding-a-ding.
 That suddenly they were back in business.
 - Those are not a glamour product for them to be selling.
 - So they're in trouble, aren't they?
 There's only one left, I think.
 - A Tailors of Loughborough.
 - That's correct, yes.
 - So, wait a minute, this is even worse.
 When Addy's at his party and you say, "Where's this bell from?"
 There's only one to choose from.
 Only if it's a new bell, you know, as in...
 - I don't know how many founders can do all 400
 which closed down over the last two centuries.
 Probably not.
 - Imagine there used to be 400 bell factories.
 - That's a lot, yeah.
 - So many.
 - I think, weirdly, Andy, if you hosted a TV quiz show
 which was merely identifying bongs of bells,
 I think I would watch it.
 I think it would actually be really great.
 - How many episodes would you actually watch?
 - I'm definitely watching the trailer.
 - I could imagine Andy being at a party
 and someone brings out a bong and Andy goes,
 "Oh, speaking of bongs."
 (laughing)
 - It took me a while to get that joke
 because I was so into bell law that you said bong
 and I thought, "Yes, brings out a bong of a bell."
 Someone does a bong.
 - I was devastated with an article about Tailors of Loughborough,
 now the only remaining bell foundry
 because during the government shutdown,
 during the whole COVID shutdown,
 then it was difficult for all industries,
 including the last remaining bell foundry.
 And the headline in the art newspaper
 was "Shutdown Test Metal of UK's Last Major Bell Foundry."
 And they didn't even spell metal like metal.
 They just spelled the M-E-T-L-E, like absolute chumps.
 (laughing)
 Come on the art newspaper,
 that's why you're not at household name.
 - Not like Peter Thornley.
 - I'm Peter Thornley.
 But they've just got this lottery funding.
 Why are we subsidising these non-profit making institutions?
 They just got 3.45 million pounds.
 - You're not gonna subsidise the profit-making companies, are you?
 - Why do you say subsidise PricewaterhouseCoopers?
 (laughing)
 I'd be happy about paying tax.
 - No, it is sad.
 It's a sad thing that this industry
 is no longer as big as it was.
 - Well, this Whitechapel place
 is completely shut down now as well.
 The Whitechapel bell foundry,
 which, as you say, has been going since the 1500s.
 And that's just happened because it looks like a hotel
 is gonna be moved in, in its place,
 a sort of hipster kind of hotel.
 And I agree, I think that is really sad.
 It's a huge part.
 Big Ben is from there.
 The Liberty Bell is from there.
 It's got huge history.
 - Both of those bells have famously got massive cracks
 in them, haven't they?
 - Yeah, they're not very good at what they do.
 (laughing)
 - It's amazingly lasted this long.
 - It's a 400-year con making shit bells.
 (laughing)
 So the Big Ben Bell, it was made in 1858,
 and it took, so once you pour the,
 it's molten tin and bronze, I think,
 it goes into a bell.
 Once you pour that into the cast,
 it takes, obviously, a day or two to cool down.
 This bell was so big, it took 20 days to cool down.
 It was still warm from the casting after that.
 And then it was taken to Parliament on a trolley
 pulled by 16 horses.
 It's incredibly ceremonial.
 It took 18 hours to get it from the base
 to the top of the tower.
 - Were they carrying it upstairs?
 Like, pivots, pivots?
 (laughing)
 - I thought horses couldn't go upstairs as well.
 - They can't go upstairs, they can't go downstairs.
 - They're still there.
 (laughing)
 - Who do you think's been dogging all the time on the bell?
 (laughing)
 - They did pull it up by hand.
 - Amazing.
 - Unbelievable.
 - Wow.
 - There's always absolutely tons,
 and it was just eight men who got it from the bottom to the top.
 - But they not have made it up there,
 rather than making it in a different place
 and then bringing it there.
 - If only you'd been around to advise on the project.
 - It wasn't just them carrying it,
 'cause obviously it literally weighs tons.
 They had a crank and they had built,
 and they had constructed an 1800 foot chain to attach it to,
 and then they had a timber cradle carrying the bell,
 and then they just had to turn this huge windlass,
 you know, around and around and around.
 I've gone into excess detail.
 - Yeah.
 - All right.
 - Have you ever looking for a crank in future?
 (laughing)
 When they bombed Big Ben during World War II,
 it was a problem, wasn't it?
 So, at first, the BBC News would be broadcast,
 and we broadcast, the Allies broadcast BBC News in Germany,
 and it was sort of a propaganda thing
 to, you know, kind of undermine the enemy,
 and on the hour before the news,
 they'd always do the Big Ben bongs live,
 and then they realized it was giving away
 what the weather was like,
 because the Germans who were listening
 were able to detect what the weather was like
 in London based on the sound of the bongs,
 because depending on the humidity of the air
 and depending on the temperature,
 the bongs make a slightly different noise,
 so I think moist air will absorb kind of higher frequencies.
 - That's exactly what the bell makers want, don't they?
 They want all the bells to be blown up,
 and they can make more.
 - Can your bong people tell that, Andy, the weather?
 - My bong people.
 (laughing)
 I don't know, I don't know.
 - It wasn't, they changed it, though,
 because they were figuring it out,
 so then they would play,
 the BBC started playing recorded bongs,
 so they wouldn't give away the weather.
 - So they'd trick the Nazis into thinking
 the weather was perfect for a bombing raid,
 when actually it was rainy?
 - No, no, you would trick them into thinking
 it's not perfect for a bombing raid.
 You wouldn't be like, oh, it's a glorious day,
 you can see where you're going.
 What a beautiful day for a bombing raid.
 (laughing)
 - The prime minister's in.
 - Jesus Christ, Andy.
 - This is why you were fired
 from Churchill's War Cabinet.
 (laughing)
 - Okay.
 - Bells used to be really important to people in Britain.
 They would, lots of different things.
 If you were living in a village or a town,
 really there wasn't much noise,
 there wasn't loads of traffic noise or anything like that,
 so really the bell was the loudest noise
 that you could hear from miles and miles around,
 and it would mean lots of different things.
 It was like a kind of language of the bells,
 so if it did certain bell rings,
 it would say you had to go into church,
 or it might say there's a fire and you need to run away,
 or it might be that there's been a death in the parish,
 or there was loads of different things,
 and it was basically, you would hear the bell
 and you would know what was happening in your town.
 - That's very cool.
 - Hey.
 - Is it gonna be a bombing raid?
 Do you do an unfortunate misunderstanding?
 (laughing)
 - But then during the Reformation,
 obviously bells associated maybe with Catholicism,
 and so they kind of banned the bell.
 - Wow.
 - And Edward VI made a law that said
 only one bell was allowed in each church.
 Okay, you allowed one bell.
 But a lot of the villagers,
 like they had such affection for their bells
 that they would bury them,
 hoping that the law would change in the future,
 and they'd be able to dig their bells back up
 and then put them up.
 - That's so cool.
 - And Edward VI, of course,
 is where we get the word bell end, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 - 'Cause he ended bells, yeah.
 - And they would throw him pissed off.
 - Very nice.
 - That's a great, so maybe some of them are still out there,
 you know, still in the ground.
 - That's just garbage.
 - Imagine that.
 If you were a metal detectorist,
 that would be the most exciting find of you.
 - It's the fucking jackpot.
 (laughing)
 - We're gonna have to move on in this life.
 - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 - Really unprecedented move.
 We're gonna have to go back to the last act
 and do a more wrestling act stuff.
 - Can I tell you one more thing?
 - Yeah.
 - This is just a, I was looking up Guinness Records,
 and this is not about church bells.
 This is about the hotel bells, you know, the little ding,
 you know, when you get to the, yeah, those.
 Do you know what the record is
 for the most desk call bells rung with the chin
 inside one minute?
 - Okay, so I reckon I could do probably about 40.
 - Okay.
 - No, at least one a second.
 So 75. - Way more than a second.
 - That's the same bell you're doing there, Dan.
 - Yeah, you're doing, you can't ding the same bell.
 You have to have other bells, yeah.
 - Right.
 - They're all different bells, yeah.
 - So the concierge desk needs to be really long.
 You need a--
 - Exactly, yeah.
 So it's a guy called Cherry Yoshitake of Japan.
 He's known as Mr. Cherry as well.
 And he, this year, he broke this record.
 He dinged 149 bells with his chin in one minute.
 - Wow.
 - Unbelievable.
 - Wow.
 - It's almost like he had nothing better to do in 2020.
 (laughing)
 - I love that his nickname isn't even related
 to this insane thing that he,
 what else is he doing with cherries
 that is far more interesting?
 That's his nickname.
 - Can I quickly tell you about a suffragette bell ringer?
 - Oh yeah.
 - This was a lady called Mary Maloney.
 And when Winston Churchill was trying
 to regain his seat in parliament in Dundee in 1908,
 she wasn't very happy because he'd said some remarks
 about the suffrage movement.
 And so whenever he went to any kind of speech,
 she just stood right next to him and just rang a bell.
 (laughing)
 And then she'd stop and say, Mr. Churchill,
 do you want to apologize for the things she said
 about the suffrage movement?
 And he said, no.
 And she went, okay.
 (laughing)
 And she just would follow him
 and he'd kind of start getting flustered.
 And then he'd leave and go in his little carriage
 and she'd follow him.
 And then as soon as she got there,
 she'd start dinging again and dinging again.
 And there's an article in the London Evening News
 that said that Mr. Churchill struggled
 good humorously against the bell.
 But he said, if she thinks that this is a reasonable argument,
 she may use it.
 I don't care.
 I bid you good afternoon.
 And he left.
 But then according to the biography of Churchill
 by Michael Sheldon, so this is a bit biased,
 but he reckons that by the end of the week,
 everyone was so sick of this suffrage with her bell
 that they all kind of got on Churchill's side
 and he did win the election in the end.
 - Oh. - Really?
 Shot herself in the foot.
 - A little bit. - Foolish woman.
 That's suffragettes, you see?
 (laughing)
 Bunch of idiots.
 - I don't. - That wasn't the point
 of that story.
 (laughing)
 - Can't believe you're broadcasting
 this negative shit about the suffragettes.
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that in the 1930s,
 Canada's bowling alleys had to close
 on nine occasions due to strikes.
 (laughing)
 - Very good, very strong.
 - So this is a little bit of inside a lingo
 at what happens at QI.
 We call this a remote controlled fish.
 I'm not sure why we call it that,
 but basically you come up with the funny idea
 of a fact first and then you try and prove it's true.
 So I thought, wouldn't it be funny
 if there'd never been a strike in a bowling alley?
 And then I found this paper called
 Strikes, Bogies, Spares and Misses,
 Pinboy and Caddy Strikes in the 1930s by Ian McMillan
 that talks about all these amazing strikes in Canada.
 - I think it's more impressive
 that you found the strikes you were looking for
 'cause this was hard to research.
 If you just searched bowling alley strike,
 you don't get the industrial election
 side of things very early.
 So why were they striking?
 - So basically these were pinboys in bowling alleys.
 So these days if you got 10 pin bowling,
 there's a machine that picks up the pins
 and puts them back where they should be.
 When the olden days it would be adolescent workers,
 young lads who would do this job,
 they would sit on a little shelf behind the bowling alley
 and then once you've rolled they jump down
 and then they'd shift away the ones that you knocked down
 and put the other ones where they should be.
 And there was this one particular moment in Saskatchewan
 where they forced the pinboys to shovel snow
 outside the bowling alley but wouldn't pay them.
 And when they said they wouldn't do it,
 they fired them and they went,
 "No, we're gonna go on strike."
 And they were helped a bit by the Communist Party in Canada
 and they just continually for about a decade
 just kept going on strike.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 - I'm impressed because I thought that pinboys were,
 you say adolescent, but they were young, weren't they?
 And a lot of them, I think often who got pushed out
 with the photos for the promo shots were young,
 but they were pretty pubescent.
 And the idea of sort of a nine-year-old boy
 striking through the streets is very strange.
 - Yeah, that's true.
 - But yeah, they were put out of business,
 all of them eventually by the awesome machines
 you get in bowling alleys now, weren't they?
 - Let's see who's side you're on.
 - The pins.
 - Side of mechanization against the humble working child.
 - These nine-year-old luddites
 are gonna need to catch up with technology.
 - Can I ask you a question about the pinboys?
 Would they, so they would go down after the first bowl
 and the pins that were knocked down,
 they're moving out of the way.
 But obviously it's very important
 that the formation remains the same as the other ones,
 but they were popping them back into to be reset, weren't they?
 So they would have to make sure
 that they were placing them in the exact right spots, right?
 - So when you bowl once and then they get rid
 of the ones on the floor and then you get a chance
 to knock the rest of them down, they stay where they are.
 But then the next person would come
 and they'd have to put them right in the exact place.
 But if you tips them really well,
 they might put them in a slightly better position for you.
 So they kind of move the front pin a little bit closer
 and move the side ones in a little bit.
 And the people who they didn't like,
 they would move them out so that they couldn't get them straight.
 And then one of the trick they would do
 is as well as putting the pins up,
 they would have to roll the bowls back to the bowler.
 And what they would often do if they were really skillful,
 if there was someone they didn't like,
 they put backspin on the bowl.
 So it went up towards them.
 And just before he's about to get it,
 he would spin that towards them.
 - That's amazing. - That's so good.
 I wrote one thing that they did, one of their duties,
 which was if... So they put the things in a setting machine.
 So the setting machine does put the pins out,
 but they are placing them there.
 But if sometimes they didn't work these setting machines,
 and if a pin came out wobbly,
 a pin boy would have to wriggle out onto the lane on his stomach
 and position it properly
 and just hope that they had seen at the other end
 that there was a wonky pin that was being fixed.
 And so you might get a ball chucked at you
 if they didn't see that.
 If your reactions aren't fast enough,
 at pubescent or pre-pubescent age,
 to avoid a bowling ball been chucked by some millionaire.
 And we have ascertained which side of the argument you are on.
 I'm going to say, me slagging off the suffragettes,
 he's looking a lot better, isn't he?
 The guy who invented the pin setting machine,
 which put all these boys out of business,
 was he did it in 1936.
 And the first pin setting machine
 was made of lampshades and flower pots.
 - Oh, wow. - And in a turkey house on his mate's farm,
 there's a guy called Gottfried Schmidt.
 And he'd heard about what hassle it was having these pin setters,
 because it takes a long time having a little boy
 kind of rearrange all your pins.
 So, yeah, he cobbled some lampshades and flower pots together.
 If you're laughing at that, then that's the problem with you.
 I was like, "There must be a euphemism in there somewhere."
 People desperately looking, laughed prematurely.
 I thought, "I don't think there is, actually."
 Hey, did you guys know this is just a quick modern bowling thing
 that I didn't realise?
 I enjoy bowling, and I do love getting the shoes,
 putting the shoes on. It's always a fun element of it.
 - Sure. - I didn't realise,
 and I wonder how many people here did...
 I do love it, James, don't laugh at it.
 I mean, I've been bowling with you.
 I can see that that would be your best bet.
 My 30th birthday.
 My 30th birthday, I had a bowling party.
 James came and murdered me.
 Murdered me in front of all my closest friends and family,
 who had not met him at this point.
 So, they didn't know what a twat I was.
 I didn't know you had a bowling party for your birthday.
 I remember you working, putting the pins up.
 - Quick, he's on his belly. Get him. - Quick, he's on his belly. Get him.
 Thank you for that tip, James. It was extremely nicely...
 - Well, bowling shoes... - Do you realise this?
 - When you're out with your friends... - When I'm out with my best buds, sure.
 They come as either left-handed bowling shoes or right-handed bowling shoes.
 - What? - Yes.
 - How does that work? - Well...
 Wait, I was saying there's one left for the left foot and one for the right foot.
 - Yeah, okay. - Like shoes?
 - 'Cause... - Yeah!
 - Oh, boy. - No, what it is...
 If you haven't seen Don Tribe's amazing square normal shoes,
 they are a sight to behold.
 - What are you talking about? - That's my TV show.
 - What will they think of next? - Check this out.
 No, okay, so this is really interesting.
 And obviously, if you go to a normal bowling alley,
 they probably give you normal shoes, which probably hurts your game,
 is what I'm guessing.
 If you're a professional, you're right-handed or you're left-handed.
 If you have a dominant leg, you have a dominant foot, that's going right.
 So, one shoe of every bowling shoe has a sliding element to it,
 and the other has a breaking element,
 so that your back foot can break while your front is sliding.
 - Wow, how interesting. - Yeah, so if you're bowling right-handed,
 you need the slidey bit to be on your left foot.
 And so, do you think you were maybe given some left-handed bowling shoes by accident,
 and that's why you lost embarrassingly to James Arkin?
 Just if my family and friends are listening, yes, I believe,
 there was a conspiracy that night.
 It's illegal to switch hands bowling, as well.
 - Oh, shit, I think I did that. - You did it so many times!
 - Switch hands. - No.
 - I genuinely did. - Well, you are post-hoc disqualified.
 - That is not allowed. - So sorry, bowling won't...
 - Screw you, Arkin! - Oh, God!
 (APPLAUSE)
 Yes!
 This is exciting, 'cause this has actually come up quite a lot over the years.
 Yeah, you're not allowed to, 'cause you might be sandbagging.
 Is that what you were doing? Were you sandbagging?
 - I don't know what that means. - What's sandbagging?
 - You were sandbagging. - I don't even want to do the rest of this podcast.
 - It means cheating. - It means cheating, Andy.
 Sandbagging is when, in professional tournaments,
 this is why they ban in professional tournaments,
 then you will try and get a better handicap by bowling with your other hand,
 'cause it's quite hard to bowl badly, deliberately,
 but without it being noticed with the hand that you're strongest with.
 So if you bowl with your other hand, which some people often do,
 then it tricks people into giving you a better handicap.
 - It's like being a hustler. - I see.
 - I wasn't doing that, but... - Wow.
 You look like a sandbagger to me, Jim.
 And that was a euphemism.
 I've got a fact about the first bowling alley opened in the UK.
 OK, so the first bowling alley in the classic American style that we think of
 opened in Stamford Hill in North London in 1961.
 It was opened by the American Machine and Foundry Company.
 Oh, I've just seen Foundry again. Nice.
 - Anyway, that's not what it's about. Don't worry. - Take him off stage.
 But they, that company, they also made the underground launching system
 for the Titan Intercontinental Ballistic Missile.
 - Oh, my God. - But this is the sort of conspiracy I thought of,
 because there's a bowling alley under the White House. We know this.
 - Yeah, there is. - Yeah.
 So is it possibly connected to the Intercontinental Ballistic...
 Do you think they accidentally ordered the wrong product
 from the Intercontinental Ballistic Missile providers?
 And they were too embarrassed to say, "No, take it back."
 Yeah, the vice president of the company that made a lot of very dangerous weapons,
 a very dangerous time in history, said that the company's product
 will make a great contribution to human happiness.
 And there was such a good Guardian article on this, which you might have read,
 which was, "Careful to specify, they meant the bowling alley
 and not the missile launcher."
 And at that event, the first person to bowl the first bowl,
 so the first bowl ever bowled at bowling alley in Britain,
 was a guy called Sir John Hunt, who led the British expedition up Everest.
 And it's worth watching the footage, because he does, of course,
 bowl it straight into the gutter.
 - It's very awkward. - What an amazing, strange celebrity booking
 to open your bowling alley.
 - I know. Who else would you get, like... - Princess Margaret?
 - That's... He went straight for Princess Margaret. - I think Aim High.
 Do you think Princess Margaret would have used...
 She would have used that thing where you pushed the bowl down
 on the little skeleton thing, wouldn't she?
 - There's no shame in using that, by the way. - The bumpers.
 The bumpers, designed for kids, right? That was the invention.
 The bumpers are designed for anyone who wants a more...
 Actually, a more interesting style of gameplay.
 Good point.
 It takes quite a skill to bounce it off three times and then...
 - And then still end up in the gutter. - Yes, actually.
 And that's why you weren't at the 30th birthday party, Andy.
 So, you know, that's designed for kids.
 And I was amazed to learn that there's this club, which is the three...
 I'm giving it its name as a club, the 300 Club,
 but the idea is a perfect game in bowling is 300 points.
 So you want all strikes, and that means nine strikes for the first nine.
 And then on the 10th, you need three, because you get those extra goes.
 So it adds up to 300 points that you get in total.
 And the record holder of the youngest person ever to get that
 is a nine-year-old girl at the time in 2013.
 She's still the record holder called Hannah Deem.
 And she took up the sport at age six when she was at a party,
 and she was like, "Oh, I felt like this was a calling."
 And by age nine, she had bowled a perfect game, 300, strikes the whole way.
 And so you get a ring when that happens.
 And if you bowl more, they add like a little rock to it each time and so on.
 But they're very serious about whether or not to take it,
 the fact that you've said you've got a 300.
 There's a team that comes in, and in the early days,
 they would confiscate the ball off you to suss out the ball
 just to make sure that it was a proper ball that hadn't been cheated.
 At the end of that day, they would shut down the bowling alley,
 let no more games come, and someone would come,
 and they would have a way of measuring the oil slickness of the lane
 just to make sure that it wasn't too...
 I want to talk that you haven't rigged it by and poured...
 Yeah, there's all these things that they did.
 So was she cheating? Had she poured mercury into her ball?
 Had she covered the thing with oil?
 She was clean. She was clean.
 Go on, Hannah.
 Go on, Hannah, you're all going to get enough mercury.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Since they stopped selling barometers and mercury thermometers,
 it's very hard to get your hands on enough mercury.
 It's a bold move to make a call back to an episode,
 like 12 episodes ago, to a live crowd.
 I thought there'd be one or two perometer fans.
 Cool.
 You mentioned the oil, so I didn't know how crucial oil is in bowling,
 but this basically answered a question that's been bugging me for 20 years,
 which is, you know, when you go to a bowling alley with friends,
 and you get kind of a...
 Like, if you're on a good roll, you get a bunch of strikes,
 your friend gets loads of strikes, you think, "This is so effing easy.
 How are there professionals in this game?
 They must be getting strikes every time,
 otherwise they're just idiots."
 Well, turns out their game is way harder than ours.
 So, in recreational bowling,
 if you're going to Rowan's bowling alley down the road or wherever,
 then they have the oil arranged in a certain way.
 So, down a bowling lane, it has oil on it,
 and it originally had oil on it to make it more slippy
 so that the balls didn't crack the ground.
 But it became apparent that oil obviously adjusts the way the ball goes,
 so if there's oil down the middle, the ball slides very fast down that oil,
 and then as soon as it goes off the oil,
 so there's not as much oil nearer the pins,
 then it starts going more slowly and friction acts more on the ball,
 and it starts to spin, things like that.
 So, bowling alleys for plebs like you and me
 have the oil rigged so that it funnels the ball towards the pins.
 - Oh, wow. - And that's why we're all getting strikes.
 And if you go to a professional bowlers association bowling alley,
 they do not have that.
 They make sure that the oil is spread exactly evenly,
 and I think if any of us tried to bowl down one of those,
 it would just be straight in the gutter every time.
 - Really? - Wow.
 Is it possible that I've spent my life accidentally going to professional bowling alleys?
 Do you think in those professional bowling alleys,
 they would put the tubes on the side?
 I guess it's possible.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is trees fart.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Trees fart.
 - It turns out... - Come on, Dan.
 - Trees fart. - How often have you been on a lovely walk
 in the forest and just hearing farts?
 Well, the thing is, if a tree farts in the forest,
 but there's no one around to smell it...
 (LAUGHTER AND APPLAUSE)
 So, this is, I mean, it's a real technical thing, isn't it,
 in this case, because obviously they don't have anuses,
 but they do.
 Slow down, Professor.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Trees do release little bits of methane,
 and that's obviously a big problem for global warming.
 And the article that I was reading was talking...
 This is how I learned the fact. It was in Science Alert.
 It talks about ghost trees.
 Ghost trees are trees that are dead,
 and they still function, though, in certain areas,
 so they can suck up soils and so on through them,
 acting like a straw, and as a result,
 ghost trees release sort of much bigger farts,
 and they're much more dangerous.
 But the thing is, like, a normal tree farts
 or gives off methane, but it also kind of sucks in CO2
 and photosynthesises and stuff, so it's kind of fine,
 because it offsets it.
 But the ghost trees, they don't have any leaves,
 so they can't do it, so it's much worse.
 These kind of dead trees that you get in marshes and stuff like that,
 and they suck up this methane.
 We think from the soil, although we're not quite sure
 how they do it at the moment.
 This recent study that was in the article,
 they found that the amount of methane that comes up
 is way more than you would expect
 due to the amount that's in the ground,
 and so there's something else happening.
 We don't know what it is, and obviously it's quite important,
 because lots more trees are dying
 because the change is in the climate and stuff,
 and this might cause problems in the future.
 Yeah, and I think is it that when water or when sea levels rise,
 sometimes you get forests near the coast,
 which can't survive in those conditions,
 so that adds to the effect as well.
 So the sea comes in, it's more salty,
 the trees die, and then they start doing all this farting.
 Yeah, and I think we should say that,
 because every single article and every single scientist
 who looks into this says about 59 times an article, don't they?
 We are not trying to say that trees are bad.
 The overall impact of trees is still incredibly good.
 Please, God, Daily Mail, don't print an article
 saying that trees are bad for the environment.
 They've got to go. That's what they're screaming at.
 They've got to go. People of Kentish Town,
 please do not go straight out to your nearest tree
 and chop it down. That's not what we're saying.
 You take those farting fucks out.
 Don't, please! I'm begging you.
 The whole methane thing is really interesting,
 just sort of globally the methane thing,
 because there is the American NOAA,
 who are the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Scientists,
 they are in Colorado, and they are methane detectives.
 They have a department which is methane detection.
 So for the last 40 years, every single week,
 they have received this consignment of flasks from around the world,
 which are flasks of atmospheric air from all over the planet,
 and they measure what's inside.
 So they have been able to measure methane levels
 around the planet for the last 40 years,
 and they've been just studying atmospheric levels.
 They've found that methane has been rising since 2007,
 and no one really knows why.
 I mean, it's our fault, clearly, but no one really...
 They haven't pinned down exactly why.
 It could be from wetlands, it could be this tree thing,
 pig manure causes it, so, like, cattle cause a huge amount of it.
 I'm not trying to pass blame, because I'm sure it is our fault,
 but is there any chance it's Beaver's fault?
 Because Beaver's are apparently an issue.
 I thought you said Beaver.
 I thought you were talking about it.
 He gets private jets everywhere.
 Beaver's, they're invading Alaska because waters are warming,
 which means they can go much further north up into the Arctic Circle,
 and so they're building lots of dams up in an area
 that used to be frozen or extremely cold,
 and then their dams are, like, big heat reservoirs
 which warm up the surrounding soil, degrade the permafrost,
 and there's loads of methane in the permafrost,
 it's a massive problem methane being released from the permafrost,
 and so that puts methane in the atmosphere.
 Beaver's fault, I'm not responsible.
 So what we're saying to the people of Kentish Town
 is to go out and strangle a beaver.
 Yeah.
 Go down a tree and strangle a beaver, yeah.
 I think that's responsible messaging.
 There was a problem with animals and methane.
 Specifically, our old friends, the sauropods,
 the big dinosaurs that had lots of plant material,
 there was some work done by David Wilkinson
 of Liverpool John Moors University,
 and he reckons, he's worked this out,
 he reckoned that sauropod population,
 when they were at the absolute biggest,
 they were pumping out 520 million tonnes of methane a year,
 which is about the same as the current emissions of greenhouse gases.
 Really?
 Yeah, so the sauropods, and they reckon that that did change the climate
 as well through farting.
 Wow.
 So did the sauropod Green Party eventually get some steam behind it
 and take power?
 Eventually, someone stuck their neck out, you know.
 Yeah, we first discovered that methane were in trees,
 was in trees, in 1907.
 And it was this professor, a chemistry professor in Kansas,
 wandering around Kansas in 1907,
 and he saw little bubbles in the sap of a tree,
 a certain type of tree,
 and he thought, I wonder what's causing them,
 I wonder if it's methane, so he struck a match above it,
 and it ignited and burped out.
 So he basically lit the fart of the tree.
 He lit the fart of the tree,
 and apparently, if you're studying trees anywhere,
 your tree professor will always do this, and you can do this.
 You go through a tree, and you get the sap,
 and it's burping out methane, so you can light it,
 and it does a little burp.
 Don't, like, if you're in Australia, please don't do that.
 That's Jesus Christ.
 This podcast is going to cause bushfires globally from that sentence.
 Once you've finished strangling your beaver,
 just set fire to the nearest tree, and science will win.
 Here's a warning. Here's another warning.
 If you hold a fart in for too long, it may leak out of your mouth.
 It's got to go somewhere, isn't it?
 Exactly.
 It's basically, it gets reabsorbed into your circulation,
 just finds its way in, and whether you notice or not,
 it's just going to slowly come out of your mouth.
 It does... That sounds...
 Everything you're saying sounds true,
 but it does sound like one of those things that your mum says, doesn't it?
 Well, if you keep your face like that, the wind will change,
 and it'll get stuck, you know, or whatever.
 It sounds like a sort of old, white tail of...
 Your mum has got some amazing sayings, Andy.
 What do you mean?
 Have you farted enough today, Andy?
 Because you know what will happen.
 But how come they don't smell like sulfur?
 Because the reason fart smell is because of sulfur,
 which is in compounds that smell bad.
 But when I burp, it doesn't smell like a fart, I don't think.
 And I've never smelled anyone's burp smelling like a fart,
 like a sulfuric fart.
 No, I agree, yeah.
 So something must have happened there.
 It must... Maybe the sulfur is like only the arse,
 but the other ones will come out of the mouth.
 Maybe.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Hmm.
 (LAUGHTER)
 You've really given us something to think about there.
 (LAUGHTER)
 You'd be great on sulfur the day, right here.
 Welcome to the moral maze on BBC Four.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Why does sulfur choose the anus?
 (LAUGHTER)
 Methane chooses the mouth, doesn't it?
 As in, for cows, I thought that cow's methane was sort of
 mostly like a split at each end of the cow,
 whether it's burping or farting, whatever.
 About, I think it's 95% of cattle methane comes from its mouth.
 And this is...
 This really is a genuinely huge problem,
 because there are, I think, about a billion cows on the planet.
 If they were a country, they'd be the sixth largest emitter of methane
 in the world.
 What a country.
 (LAUGHTER)
 In this country that's just cows, are they also running the place and stuff?
 Do they have their own cow, their own minister and stuff?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, in this whimsical world, there's a kind of...
 Andy, in that, if that was a country...
 Yeah.
 Is this a genuine question?
 Yes.
 If it was that dense of cows, like it's a country made of cows,
 as you're saying, so the methane's huge.
 If I lit a cigarette lighter, would the whole thing go up?
 I don't know.
 No, I don't think so.
 It doesn't if you do it in the middle of a cow field.
 It doesn't even if you do it.
 This is a country made of cows.
 No, no.
 A, it's not made of cows.
 That's what Andy's saying.
 There are loads of cows in it.
 There are only cows in it.
 It's a cow...
 It depends how many there are.
 If there is a billion cows and it's in the size of San Marino,
 then that's a lot of cows and a lot of methane.
 But if you're in the size of the Soviet Union, the old style,
 then they'd be fine.
 That's not my mistake.
 If there are a billion cows in a country the size of San Marino,
 there are bigger infrastructural problems to deal with.
 How are the Italians keeping them out?
 It's one very big cattle grid and they just can't get over it.
 But yeah, of course, it depends how much methane you have,
 but also how much oxygen you have, right?
 So the methane will only set on fire if you have oxygen
 because you need oxygen to make fire.
 And that's the thing that on Uranus, there's a lot of methane.
 The whole of the atmosphere is made of methane pretty much.
 There's tons and tons of the stuff.
 But you can't set it on fire because there's no oxygen.
 But what that means is if you had a spaceship
 and you went into the Uranus atmosphere,
 you would need the oxygen there because you would have to breathe it.
 As soon as you open the door, any kind of turn on the light switch
 or any kind of naked flame, the whole place is going up.
 And it's like a reverse Hindenburg.
 So like the Hindenburg had the flammable gas on the inside,
 but you've got the oxygen on the inside and it would just go, "Wow."
 I thought that was very adult of you all, not to laugh every time.
 James said Uranus.
 Very proud of you all.
 I wasn't planning on going there.
 It's another good reason not to.
 It is on the government green list, though, if anyone's interested.
 OK, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would... Thank you.
 Thanks for being here.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shrieberland, Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM, James.
 @JamesHarken and Anna.
 You can email podcast.qi.com.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing.
 Or our website, NoSuchThingAsAFish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there. Check them out.
 Links to our upcoming tour, Nerd Immunity,
 which is going to start in October of this year.
 Fingers crossed.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then. Goodbye!
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 # #
 # #
 #
 #
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 #
 #
 #
 #
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
