 [Music]
 Hi everyone, welcome to Meet the Elves which is one of our bonus bits of material for you lovely
 patreon and apple subscribers where we're going to meet one of the qi elves who you might not have
 heard from before and today's elf we have Ethan Ruparelia. Hello. Hi Ethan and you've come with
 a question for us which we'll stumble about and grope about to try and get the answer to
 and probably not really talk about it very much and talk about other stuff and then finally get
 the answer. It's going to be great, I'm looking forward to the sexual harassment lawsuit, it's
 going to be great, perfect. Okay so my question for you, I'm going to set the scene to begin with.
 Okay so we're in the northeast in the north of South Africa right in a service station toilet
 very romantic. Why might the plumbing bill be so high? Okay should I repeat the question for you?
 Yeah let's go to repeat. Okay so why might a public toilets plumbing bill in a service station
 in the north of South Africa be so high in the northeast? Okay so something's gone wrong in the
 toilet, like a trapped poo and then Plumber Comes fixes it but for some reason the bill is
 extortionately high. Yeah that'd be bad if that's immediately correct and that's the end of the
 episode. Ethan is it a one particular toilet? Is it more general? Good question. It has been
 observed in at least one toilet but it is symptomatic of a larger issue. Another question
 is this based on personal experience? No you'll have been quite young in the northeast. I would
 have been, I would have been about 10 years old at the time. Sure, using toilets. Well to be fair
 yeah have you been to South Africa? Yeah I have just recently but bizarrely it's actually nothing
 to do with the question itself. Okay okay but yeah I went there recently for one of our colleagues
 weddings actually. Yeah which I wasn't invited to. You guys invited to that. That's a good thing none
 of you hold grudges. You won't be hearing Jack on this podcast ever so soon. Did you find out
 about it while you were there? Not while I was there but it was this this phenomena of sorts
 beginning up a bit too much was was observed around that. Is this paranormal poo? Is this
 needing like a... It's nothing paranormal I'm afraid Dan sorry. I think this is the thoughtiest
 question we've ever had. We've only had two. There are so many of the three this is on the
 top spot isn't it because it's there are so many elements to it like the naughties. What was going
 on in the naughties? I was thinking Britpop but it's too late for Britpop. That was the 90s.
 It was just about finishing Britpop. Spice Girls. Do you know what I found the other day the Arctic
 Monkeys. Guess when their latest album was? The latest this year. This year yeah and it's awesome.
 I know but I feel like they're still out. Oh sorry the Dandy Warhols. I know. I know the Dandy
 Warhols. That is quite interesting. New album out this year. Okay now now I'm showing my age or lack
 of the Dandy Warhols. They were a band of the 90s and Bohemian Like You was their biggest song.
 It's a great song. I'm fully expressionless right now. The band Sum41 just announced that they're
 breaking up. I think most people went you're still together. Ironically some of them are 41.
 So okay Ethan right you've been in South Africa recently. You get mines in South Africa. Gold
 mines. Diamond mines. Gold mines. Maybe well hang on Ethan. Yeah work through. Maybe the plumbing
 accidentally hit a seam of something or it accidentally went into a mine and the plumbing
 bill would be very high because you'd have to go through the mine to get up to fix the pipe.
 It's an interesting thought. Is he generally in the right direction on that one? I'm afraid not.
 Did you set too much of a scene that we've kind of gone off piece? I will I'll get you to hone in
 one thing and we'll work from there. Okay so the north of South Africa like very north in South
 Africa what do you know about the geography of the area? It's very mountainous. Border Zimbabwe.
 Border Zimbabwe. Ethan said it in a significant way. Okay so that would be Mugabe era. That is
 correct yes. Well I'm sort of thinking if you're on the border then you must be someone coming
 through the border in a secret tunnel so maybe it's humans appearing out of the toilet as part of
 a ruse to... It's good. It's great. I'm afraid it's nowhere near the answer. I would focus less
 on the plumbing aspect and more about what may be causing a plumber to be called out.
 You allow this guy to write questions for you? How long has he seen him in the credits haven't you?
 Yeah yeah yeah. How long does he take for this? I mean you're the guys that want to
 stretch a three-minute question to in 25-minute seconds so don't blame me for this. Okay so you
 call plumbers out because your toilet's blocked. Exactly yes. There's water coming out of it.
 Yeah because it's blocked so something has blocked this toilet. That is correct. Something related
 to the fact that we're near the border with Zimbabwe. That is correct. Okay the rest of you
 can finish off from that. So maybe the material that's coming through is something like volcanic
 lava or maybe it's poisonous because then you've got hazmats, you've got radiation people so the
 plumber has to be not only a plumber but a sort of scientist who... I'm not saying there aren't
 any volcanoes in Zimbabwe but if there are I don't know about them. Well there's one specific spot
 in a toilet. Is the fact it's near the border. Dan said people crossing the border. Is it maybe
 things being smuggled across the border? Not necessarily smuggled but things are certainly
 taken across the border which contribute to this. Oh so okay is it that someone has swallowed some
 drugs or swallowed something, some contraband and they go to the toilet, they poo it out,
 down the toilet, that gets collected by the Zimbabweans on the other side and that's the
 mode of smuggling. It's a brilliant idea and actually if any law enforcement is listening
 you should probably follow up on that as lead but it is entirely legal or rather in the noughties
 it was entirely legal. So what was legal in the noughties that no longer is? That's good.
 That is something that's changed right Ethan. That's not a false friend. Something has definitely
 changed between the noughties. Can I ask more about your trip to South Africa? Why won't we invite?
 Did you guys get up to anything interesting? Because you did the wedding but you're in South
 Africa. We did. We went to the banks of the Limpopo and the Livuvu which are the Livuvu being the
 tributary that runs into the Limpopo and that kind of forms the natural borders between the
 countries of South Africa, Mozambique and Zimbabwe and it's really, I was reading up about the area
 as well and there is a place in the middle of this kind of intersection of the two rivers
 called Crooks Corner and it was a really fascinating place for smugglers because it was
 essentially a hiding spot for people to go in the area so they would go along and if you had
 an elephant poacher who was there for the ivory and they were on the South African side they could
 just go across the other side of the river and suddenly be in Mozambique territory and enforcement
 from South Africa would evade them and actually there was this small island in the kind of
 tri-points between the three and a lot of people would set up camp on this little island so that
 they could avoid capture from all three because they'd be too busy fighting over who has jurisdiction
 in the area. That's really interesting. I've got a question right back at you. Yes, go on. Just
 because you were talking about borders, what is the only two countries in the world that have
 a land border which it's impossible to drive between? Oh, so it's impossible to drive between.
 Yeah, no roads. No roads, just... Is it... So it would be mountainous, I guess? It's not actually,
 but think of other kinds of... Is it all river with no bridges? Not river. It's an air border.
 Yeah, I said it was a land border. Oh, sorry. Oh, what about a... In fact, all countries have an
 air border between them, don't they? What about crevasse? An unbridged crevasse between two? No, think of
 another geographical feature. That's hill. A bit too steep between the two, like a mountainous
 ridge. Not mountains, not valleys, something that's difficult to get through. Quick send.
 Bees? Bees are a big hedge. The hedge is closest so far. Oh, okay, forest. There's a forest of danger.
 A forest. Big ol' forest. A forest that's so dense and unroaded that you can't get through it.
 Yeah. Are we in the Amazon? We're very close to the Amazon. Is it right at the very narrow
 neck? Is it Panama? And... The next place you get to in South America? Nicaragua? It's not. It's
 Columbia. And because there is a road that goes all the way from Alaska all the way down to Tierra
 del Fuego in the south of Argentina, but there is a gap called the Darien Gap, which you can't get
 through. Wow. That's great. Anyway, what are we talking about, Ethan? Why we weren't invited?
 There's fucking work here. That's what we're talking about. Let's get to go. Okay, so is it smuggling
 related? Not smuggling, but it's about transporting an item over a border that is causing blockages
 in toilets, in public toilets, rather. Something that shouldn't be in a public toilet.
 Something you don't want to be flushing. Don't flush. You're not supposed to flush
 babies' nappies down toilets. We're heading in a better direction now. Wet wipes, wet wipes.
 Okay, so it's something that you could use in place of toilet paper, but that you shouldn't use.
 Books. Cactuses. We're heading in the right, not cactuses. Newspapers. That is actually,
 and I'll tell you why in a second, newspaper is one of the things that you are not supposed to be
 flushing. There are also two more things that you shouldn't be flushing. Okay, one of which.
 You might use instead of toilet paper. Exactly. Leaves. No. Okay. Con cups. Nope. We're in the
 right direction. Magazines, like glossy magazines. You're along the lines of something that is
 printed. Oh, Kindles. No. Local, a pamphlet that you get in the bathroom saying,
 "Please do not flush." Things not to flush down. So I will tell you, there are signs in public
 toilets in the north of South Africa, and they explicitly say, "Do not flush cloth, newspaper,
 cardboard, and one other type of paper." Oh my goodness. You're loving this. Okay.
 Wrapping paper. Let's have some sites of paper. Wrapping paper. Tracing paper.
 Tin foil. Famous kind of paper. Yeah. Well, I'm just thinking of a metaphor. I'd like to get
 home to my tin diary, pen some reflections about the day. Origami swans. Baking paper.
 No. So what were the other bits of context we had before? So it's across the border from South
 Africa, we said, was which country? Zimbabwe. And what was the time frame? Mugabe.
 Yeah. And walking. This is why Ethan, who does a lot of production on QI,
 he, you know, he has to be properly on it. He has to tell people when they're pissing around.
 Yeah. Yeah. He thought we could do this in three minutes.
 What did Mugabe, well, Mugabe, did he not? Did he balance that? That newspaper's not...
 Oh. Money. Paper money. Hyperinflation. There we go. There we go.
 Do you have money down the toilet? Don't flush money down the toilet.
 Because the old Zimbabwean dollars, especially the lower denominations, were virtually worthless.
 Yeah. Worth pennies. And actually, I very briefly remember or I heard you talk about in your 100th
 episode about having one of these Zimbabwean dollars. Yeah, I do have one. Yeah. And they
 actually ran up to a hundred trillion Zimbabwean dollars. Exactly. Do you know how much that's
 worth if you were to exchange it to US dollars? To me, it's priceless, Ethan, sure. And how much
 was the eBay listing? I bought it for my wife's birthday, I think, and I thought it was a fun
 present to buy her. So let's not say it's completely worthless. No, no, not completely.
 But there were a lot on not eBay. 40 cents. Up until 2016, it could be exchanged for US dollars,
 and it was worth 40 cents. So the Zimbabwean dollar was first introduced in 1980 to replace
 the Rhodesian dollar. It was kind of a one to one. And over time, there were a lot of
 political economic decisions that led to a lot of inflation. And that meant that through the
 naughties, there was a lot of redenominization of the amounts of the dollars. So as things
 were getting more expensive, you'd be paying ludicrous amounts of money, you know, a thousand
 dollars for a loaf of bread or something. And so they decided to divide them essentially to create
 a new dollar. So in 2006, they redenominated the first dollar to the second dollar by dividing
 everything by a thousand. In 2008, they did that again. But they did it by dividing by 10 billion.
 And in 2009, they did it again at a trillion to one. And so they ended up essentially having
 within the space of five years, four different types of dollar. I remember reading in one of the
 most famous types of hyperinflation was in Germany after World War One. And they had this thing where
 these numbers were so big, and like you had to go to the shops and pay 10 billion pounds for a
 loaf of bread or whatever. And you were dealing with all this stuff. The people had this weird
 thing that if you asked them how many kids they had, they'd say, Oh, I have got two trillion girls
 and three billion boys and stuff. Because they just in their head, that's what the what they were
 thinking in all the time. It's weird, isn't it? Yeah. And so I was talking to Manu, who's one
 of the other elves on the team. And she was saying she used to take trips to Zimbabwe with her family
 and that people would go to the markets and they'd literally be carrying wheelbarrows full of cash
 to pay for their food. There would be stories of restaurants, you sit down for a meal and over
 the course of the meal, the owner of the restaurant would be constantly trying to change the prices
 to keep up with the inflation. Oh, my God. The value was halving every single day. So one dollar
 would be worth 50 cents by 24 hours later. Imagine that like mid meal. Your meal is suddenly
 way more expensive. James, do you remember you went to Romania and it was just you had a chance to
 pay for your hotel on the day when you got there. And you went now pay it when I leave. And then I
 think like Brexit happened. Yeah, it was. Yeah, it was the Brexit vote. And yeah, we went to the
 hotel on the day before and left on the day after. And we decided to pay on the way out. And the
 pound had absolutely tanked because of the Brexit vote and it cost a fortune. So your question,
 yes, were you tricking us a bit there? Like was the plumbing bill expensive? Or is it just
 because the stuff in it was money? Well, it's because you shouldn't be flushing money. It was
 cheaper to be using, for example, a 1000 Zimbabwe and dollar note than it would be to use a sheet
 of toilet paper. And so people were using these and flushing them down. And so you find remnants
 of that era still signs up that say, wow, no cloth, no newspaper, no Zimbabwe dollars flushing
 about the toilets. Well played. I tried to give you some hints. That was great. Banks of Limpopo.
 But obviously. Oh, was that a clue? It was it? Well, it was a bit of a clue. I'll give you a
 bit too obvious. Anyway, so this wedding, there was quite a few elves there, weren't they? There
 was you. But I want to know, because you guys did go and do sort of touristy stuff as a group
 of elves. And it is quite the case that when you get a group of elves together, it's kind of like
 one of our podcasts, it's just f*cking insuffable. Yeah, did everyone else at the wedding party go,
 "Oh, no, not the f*cking QILs coming to this one table." Weirdly, a long way from the other.
 Well, James's wedding, that's the table I was on. I was on the elf table. There was,
 there was like, we were separated from the rest of uh... And he wasn't invited to that wedding.
 I don't think I've met you at the time. Yeah, you guys didn't know each other.
 I think you did vote, but I couldn't come. Oh, did I? I think you, yeah, yeah, we didn't really
 know each other well by then, but you said, "That's kind of you. Jack, take note."
 But yeah, it was, it was, it was a crazy time. Actually, Stephen J Dubna of Freakonomics, who
 you guys had on for me. He was invited. He was invited. Sorry, Dan. What? Oh my gosh. Was he,
 he wasn't, was he? No, I was, he did, he did the calculation for the toilet paper and,
 and it would cost about a third as much to use a Zimbabwean $1,000 note compared to a sheet of
 toilet paper. So yeah, it's really incredible. Yeah, yeah, less absorbent though. Less absorbent.
 Much less absorbent, I would imagine. That's true. Yeah. But also less porous, so you won't have to
 fold or scrunch. I've thought this through a lot. Hey, you know, you, just another wedding you went
 to, again, was invited, but you're, is your brother? Yes. He was married and you went to one of our
 facts as we were doing the fact. To Gibraltar. You went to Gibraltar and you went across the road
 that's the runway, doubles as an airport and a main road. So weirdly scary because you have
 security guards on either side that kind of prevent you from crossing when they don't
 want you to cross. And that meant that you're waiting sometimes 10 minutes a time to just
 try and cross over to the other side, which could be you missing your flight or not.
 And so they get people to kind of chase you from behind, kind of tell you to make you cross faster
 and faster and faster. Before then another plane tries to take off a land on the runway. So it's,
 it's a real pressure. Imagine giving way in your car to the plane you're meant to be.
 So slowly walking along the runway. I've got to get on that. You're not going anywhere.
 Okay, let's wrap up. Thank you very much for listening to Meet the Elves. Ethan,
 thank you very much for coming on. My pleasure. Hopefully get you back on soon with an equally
 fiendish question. Can people get in touch with you anywhere on social media? Yeah. My Twitter is
 @EthanRuperalia or my Tinder profile. Just keep swiping. Keep swiping. You'll get there eventually.
 Okay. Well, thanks very much for listening and we'll see you again next week or in two weeks time
 for another bit of bonus material. Andy. Bye.
 Baratachi da baka!
 [Music]
