 Hey everyone! Welcome to episode 30 of No Such Things A Fish. We recorded a live podcast last night,
 our first live podcast and we've decided to put it out tonight for some reason and basically
 unedited so it's pretty long but yeah hope you enjoy it. We really enjoyed it so much in fact
 that we are going to do another live podcast tickets are going to go on sale for that on Monday.
 Tickets will be available at www.chortle.co.uk or at www.nosuchthingsafish.com. It's going to be in
 Canon London so keep an eye out for that and hope you enjoy this one.
 Welcome to another episode of No Such Things A Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you this week
 from the Aces & 8 bar in Tuppnell Park. This is our first ever live recording. My name is
 Dan Schroiber. Please welcome to the stage the three regular elves Andy Murray, Anna Chazinski and
 James Horkin. Once again we have gathered around with our four favorite facts from the last seven
 days and in no particular order here we go. Fact number one and beginning with you,
 James. Okay my fact this week is that the first BBC radio presenter with a northern accent
 was given the job to make it more difficult for the Nazis to impersonate news readers.
 So why were the Nazis impersonating newsreaders? They thought that if they could pretend to be newsreaders
 over the radio then people would believe anything they said and they'd be able to say oh we've
 got such a strong army and people would just believe it. So they let raid the BBC? It was just
 propaganda really. They would pretend to be BBC newsreaders. And so people wore horror and people
 like that. But yeah. It's also why we've got James on the podcast. James a Nazi. No this was a guy
 called Wilfrid Pickles. He was the first northern newsreader from 1941. He was from Yorkshire
 and a lot of people didn't believe the news when he read it out because he had a northern accent.
 Apparently. What did they think? They thought that's a Nazi trying to do a British accent.
 No I don't know what they thought really. They just thought this guy's uneducated he
 can't possibly know what the news is. That's what they I read this thing about in the early days
 of news reporting particularly on radio that they never it was all male presenters and they said
 that they wouldn't allow female presenters on because they didn't want them to have to go through
 reading bad news like upsetting news stories. Yeah. They just thought they're not going to like that. That
 would be too emotional. And it's true. It's a BBC thing where they announced that they said we're
 not going to allow wind to do that. They'll be too upset when they hear this bad news. No. It's
 terrible. They did have one in 1933 the first female newsreader. She was called Mrs. Giles Borrett.
 I don't know what her real first name was. It doesn't seem to come up any more.
 Have you seen a picture of that? Mrs. Giles Borrett. Yeah, as he named after her husband. We were asked
 holes to women back in the day. We still are but like I mean doubly so. That's terrible.
 There were complaints she was there for two months and the BBC took her off the air for technical
 reasons. She's technically a gender is wrong. Did you know that all newsreaders were originally
 anonymous? No. So they didn't give their names on air. It was just the voice of the BBC news.
 And so we have the Nazis to thank the named newsreaders because during the war people said that they
 should be able to listen and kind of authenticate who they were listening to. So the first one was
 Frank Phillips and he said in July 1940 battle of Britain time this is Frank Phillips from the BBC
 so that again you couldn't be impersonated. So today we might have Hugh Edwards just being a man
 on a screen. Wow. That's kind of used to me. Yeah. Isn't that weird though that none of them
 identified themselves? Do you guys know about the very first ever BBC news report on the radio?
 No. Okay. It's great. It basically was on the 14th of November and I forgot to look up the date.
 But it's on the 14th of November so we're coming up to the anniversary. Very exciting.
 And basically he read out the news. It was a guy called Arthur Burrows and he read it out
 but he read it twice once quickly and then once slowly and then asked the listeners which to do
 proper. Just for future recordings to know which way they go. And the wish did they go with?
 I think it's not been recorded. I don't know the answer. So we didn't know if now we have quick
 news or slow news. I have no idea. I have no idea. Also it was really weird because when they started
 doing the news they did it post 7pm and Lord Reath joined. So Lord Reath if you don't know his name
 he's the guy who in the BBC they have a big kind of saying which is to entertain and form and
 educate. That's the Lord Reath philosophy for BBC that everyone's tried to stick to. He joined
 the week after the very first broadcast of a radio announcement telling the news on the BBC.
 And he had this thing where he said we don't want anyone to be doing news bulletins before 6pm
 because the newspapers will be hurt as a result of it. And so no one was allowed to do anything
 in terms of announcing any news to the point that when they showed horse racing on the
 news they couldn't have commentators commentating on the horse race so you listen to hooves
 and people cheering at like 4pm and then at 7pm they go and blitzer one. They would wait till the
 7 o'clock news. Was there a pause in between the end of the hoose? I think so. And blitzer one.
 So you were speaking of radio though. Do you know what they did in 1955 when ITV started? I think
 it was 1955 wasn't it? And what the BBC did to try and jeopardize ITV's chances? No.
 It wasn't actually on TV because radio was the more popular medium at that time. They killed off
 Grace Archer in the Archer's gas. 20 million people tuned in. The population of Britain was 40
 million at the time. Half the country tuned in to listen to Grace get killed off from the Archer.
 The Archer's fans really hate you don't they don't they? We make I so outside anyone who
 listens to this podcast might know that we also the four of us work for QI and one of the QI
 things is a radio show called Museum of Curiosity. And Museum of Curiosity is played at 630 every
 evening on a Monday and Archer's follows immediately and we get the shit ripped out of us by the Archer's
 fans they hate us and they just they don't even they just they say how much they hate us and then
 they do hashtag the archers and so everyone they catch the last five minutes of Museum of Curiosity
 and we're usually talking about pubic lies or something like that and this it doesn't come up on
 the Archer's apparently. No it doesn't there was a great there was a fantastic one this week though
 there was someone who actually tweeted what is this garbage I absolutely hate it hashtag the
 Archer's someone wrote back going I know this program sucks they should cancel it the Archer's is
 terrible lovely confusion I have a fact about Lord wreath John wreath as he was then when he applied
 for the post of general manager of the British broadcasting company he did not know what broadcasting
 was and he wrote in his diary that when he was called to an interview he quote still hadn't the
 remotest idea as to what broadcasting was I hadn't trouble to find out and they gave him the job
 and when so do you know where remote controls were for what was the main attraction of them
 how they were marketed remote controls what for TV yeah is that I'm calling them you don't have to
 get up and walk over to the thing presumably it is that but their main strategy in the marketing
 was it was after ITV came about and Adverts came about and remote controls were just volume controls
 and they looked like one of those rotary phones so they were like a a dial which you just dialed
 up or down and it was they can meet the Adverts so Adverts came onto TV and immediately they marked
 something that could make them shut there was one really early there was one really early remote
 control that was done by light the problem with it was that when the sun shot on it it would turn
 the channel over there's a great I was talking about this in the office a few days ago and I can't
 verify this fact and I really want to really go anyone knows this show I'm known as the dubious one
 on the show not just on the show just in life the way I do any research for this show is to put in the
 fact and then put plus Yeti that's my kind of research of this show that's how bad I am at it but
 I read a fact in a book years ago when I first moved to England and it was a fact that when they
 doing when they did live TV dramas they would have a thing where obviously it was black and white
 everything had to be done live as they were going along and the actors if they forgot their lines
 as they were doing this play live they would mind speaking and then the other actor would mind
 speaking back at them so that while the production we're quickly trying to find cards that could show
 them what the next line was the people at home were going what the hell's wrong with the TV are
 sounds gone again and get up and hit it and then by the time they remember the line they'd be like
 we should go to the shops and then they're back into the play but I can't prove this as a fact so
 if anyone listening or anyone in this room tonight knows it please let me know yeah don't wait
 up for the post accents oh go on what no what was yours well I've got to max and go on yeah talk
 about you know for an accent syndrome oh yeah what's that what's that the real thing so it's not
 just mad people making it up you know when someone wakes up and you make that terrible
 self-hyros accent yeah I would but yeah it's a real thing so it happens if you have a particularly
 bad migraine you can get for an accent syndrome but it's not where you wake up with a specific
 for an accent it's just where you wake up with an accent that sounds kind of like for an accent
 so there's like an interview with this woman Julie Matthias who just had a migraine and now speaks in
 this bizarre kind of Scandinavian Indian South African hybrid and I think it's really horrible
 for her is it it must be tough right also cat breasts syndrome do you know that one it's where you
 believe that one of your loved ones has actually been has died and been replaced by a robot or
 something like that once the real yeah yeah yeah what like we all had it like that time when my dad
 died and was replaced by a robot yeah but that actually happened yeah but for people with a
 syndrome yeah yeah but if you google this and look for examples of it happening there's like one
 pretty much one or two examples on the BBC news and the most famous person to have it done it was
 called Alan Davis really yeah and I always wanted to run that on cue I but thought no not really
 it's just in case it's actually him yeah all right come if you're mocking me on cue I do you
 want to hear something cool about the Queen's accent yeah so they've done a study on her but without
 and okay they've they've listened to the Queen's speech from three from different decades so they
 listened to loads from the 1950s and then they listened to loads from the 1980s and they found
 that she no longer speaks the Queen's English so they measured loads of her sounds surely by
 definition what she says is a good thing that's true but they it was a study at Macquarie University
 on Australia and they said that her accent has drifted a bit so she sounds a bit like some younger
 and I'm using their words she sounds Jamaican now she sounds Jamaican they said she has
 Cockney influences now apparently yeah I mean you can't tell apparently most of the changes it
 was 12 or 13 vowel sounds she says you get me yeah why can't we tell if she has it
 where machines can hear it apparently computers can hear machines yes my dad my dad but they
 they they were so happy to study her because and these are the words she hasn't lived and lived
 in different communities that might alter her accent yeah no kidding so you reckon she got
 it off TV or something I don't know maybe yeah she is a fact she's a huge fan of I think
 the other things of the archers yeah it's a miracle museum is still going you should say
 your tweets to me the terrible and she didn't do a speech in 1969 there was no Queen's speech
 on TV and the reason was she had already done one interview that year in the summer for a documentary
 and it changed her accent so much she couldn't bear does she just said that's enough you get one
 dose a queen a year and that was it for 1969 so she didn't know that's great and we used to speak
 rotec English didn't we which is how the American speak English show the way American speak is the
 way that is proper English is the English that we were speaking in the 17th century yeah we didn't
 pronounce our arse and that's wrong and that's because spelling hasn't kept up with the way we speak
 what do you mean don't pronounce her like oh god I'm not going to be able to think of any
 examples now so you know if we said I've just got the word Somerset written down here so if we say
 Somerset they'd say Somerset or that she just sounds like a Somerset
 to sound like 40 say Somerset Dan you've got a Somerset yeah exactly like cover and garden
 cover what there's no or in cover but he's he's got it wrong this is the biggest content should say
 I have a messed up accent I know I have a messed up accent the main tweet outside of archers hatred
 towards me that I get is people listening to our show saying why are you saying
 cover and garden like I get so much what about the what about the child who listens to the podcast oh
 there's a child who listens to our podcast they're three four years old yeah three four years old the
 godmother wrote into us to say that James every time uh you're you talk my my my my little goddaughter
 she smiles and she's how happy how nice yeah and then when Dan comes on she frowns and looks
 disappointed in Southwest really splitting accent well okay let's go back to the point in hand
 yeah I want to speak about Wilfred Pickles so this was the guy with a northern accent who read the
 news uh he also was the host of the first British quiz show to give away prizes it was called
 Hava Go and the jackpot was three pounds wow let's see what was more than I suppose but still
 yeah it's not who wants to be a million who wants to own three pounds but they got an audience of
 26 million yeah if you think about what uh break off got what 13 million this was uh up to 1967 he
 did it yeah a lot more people used to watch yeah but they didn't make up they didn't have beg off back
 then so you know what was what was the what was the fact that you told me in the office the other day
 about um like a tire and stuff when they when they were recording uh in radio early radio about
 what they have to wear I do remember yes in the 30s the British news readers had to wear
 dennesuit even though you couldn't see them when they were reading the news on the radio I really
 like that you can tell though you can tell with the voice when they're sitting up properly it won't
 be slouching like that is that why was that they're just yeah I think it gives you a better you know
 posture a better accent just you know they're just being being annoying about it sure yeah
 for anyone listening we're all wearing dinner jackets now
 um some animals have accents don't they but not all what I'm trying to just think which
 which animal's doing which don't so so people tend to think that like hardly animal
 hardly any animals have accents like animals it's in their dreams the way the way they speak but
 then farmers in the north of England reported that I think it was that I think this might have been
 where I just read Somerset it was a Somerset farmer who said that his cows had a different accent to
 the farmers in surrounding counties oh they do they move in accents that want to that want
 an ignoble price didn't it yeah cows move in regional access yeah a very appeared review scientific
 paper that um and yeah and babies as well babies have regional access they move in different
 uh no babies go French and German babies have different ways of saying
 neither of them sound like that German ones go and I'm paraphrasing and French babies go
 okay there is a difference a machines can hear it my dad if he was
 we should we should wrap up on our first facts we got anything else anyone want to add anything
 uh apparently the announcers on the BBC if they would cough during a broadcast they would be
 inundated with cough cough lozenges and wallen underwear because everyone was scared that they had a
 call so guys whenever you want to start throwing oh that's really good okay um oh yeah yeah go
 for just go to the case we don't come back onto the subject of radio for loads of podcasts um when
 woman's up again in 1946 it was hosted by a man early early items on the show included
 cooking with whale meat I married a lion tamer and how to hang your husband's suit
 true great and fact okay um time for fact number two uh and that is my fact and my fact this week
 is that in china if you want to empty a building of people a building full of people if you want
 to empty it you play this song don't get up and leave it here there's it doesn't work apparently
 so this is a song does anyone know what that is no one okay you can even guess the artist
 yes five points yeah now i've this is a weird thing no one in this country in the uk seems to know
 who kene g is kene g is one of the biggest artists in the world and in my heart uh he's sold 75
 million albums uh worldwide he uh played at the inauguration of bill clinton he worked on the body
 guard soundtrack if you watch the Grammys in the 90s and variably at some point Michael Bolton would
 rock on stage next to kene g and they would own it uh and the interesting thing is that since the year
 2000 in 1989 this song came out and it got really big it's called going home by kene g
 and for some reason it got adopted and no one really knows why in china as the going home song
 so at the end of the day i think because it's called going home yeah why did they choose it
 why didn't they choose melody and be wake me up before you go go what so they basically it's a tune
 that just gets played everywhere at schools at the end of school they play it to kids to go home
 if you're on a train that's entering the final stop of its destination the terminal uh they play that
 song everywhere in china in a marketplace they'll play it on loop for an hour and a half to tell
 you to get out and kene g people are really getting the hint if you have to play it for an hour and a
 half at the end of a party presumably you play that when you want every well when because as a result
 this song he doesn't get any royalties from it but he plays a lot of gigs in china now he had to
 make sure that he put that song at the end otherwise people still playing during the gig but this
 is this is an insane thing if he did get royalties though he will be richer than bill gays if they
 play it for an hour and a half at every day at the closing of a month not only that when tv used to
 end at say like 12 a.m. or 11 p.m. whenever it is in china up until six a.m. when it came back on it
 would be on loop that was the song that played kene g is massive in china i i i have i read a few
 accounts from chinese people saying i'm pretty sick of this song that i liked it the first time i
 heard it and now i really don't so i think so i had an heard of kene g oh no i had heard of him i
 didn't know what he was but i think that's us being musically illiterate i think everyone else in
 and Britain, I think you're touring British people
 with our brush by saying no one's heard of Kenny G.
 - No, no, no one in this room except one person, right?
 - Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 - Okay, so well done. - So the only thing, so I was like,
 I'd haven't heard of this guy,
 I don't really listen to music,
 it was made in the last 40 years.
 So I just decided, I'll look up something about music.
 I know he's kind of jazz.
 Let's look up a circular breathing.
 The longest musical note ever held lasted 45 minutes
 and 47 seconds, and the record was set by Kenny G.
 - Yeah. - This guy is phenomenal about him.
 - Yeah. - Well, I like playing golf
 and I looked up who's the best musician who plays golf
 and it's Kenny G. (laughing)
 - He's everywhere. - He's off plus 0.8.
 - And many years ago, Kenny G woke up one morning
 when his uncle said, "I have a business.
 My friend is running and I think you might be interested.
 You should buy some stocks into it.
 They make coffee and he went, "I'll buy some stocks."
 And he now has made almost as much money off the back
 of the fact that he put stocks into Starbucks
 before it launched, as much as he's made
 from his 75 million albums.
 - So should we boycott him now?
 (laughing)
 - I have been doing an unconscious boycott
 of him all my life, but I don't know who he was.
 (laughing)
 - No, I didn't know who Kenny G was either
 and I Googled Kenny G is and the first to our,
 Kenny G is my imaginary friend.
 (laughing)
 And Kenny G is Katie Perry's uncle
 and I looked it up and he isn't.
 (laughing)
 I have no idea what that's about at all.
 And then I spent the rest of the afternoon
 Googling Katie Perry's uncle
 who is even less interesting than Kenny G.
 (laughing)
 - What's he do?
 Who is he?
 - He's a director of movies.
 He's dead now.
 - Oh, okay.
 - Oh, a bit of a downer.
 - You didn't even know him.
 - And in fairness, guys, he was a robot.
 (laughing)
 - Circular breathing, there was a thing in Greece
 called the Disfigurement of Athens
 and it's written about by some Greek crisis
 and apparently that was a weird facial disfigurement
 you would get if you did too much circular breathing.
 - I really, what's that like?
 - I don't know.
 - I don't really know how you do it.
 - No, how you do circular breathing?
 - No, I read about how to do it the other day
 and I still, I can't do it.
 - You save a little bit of air in your mouth
 and then you breathe through your nose.
 - Does it help people beat box, is that it's beat box?
 - And it's to help you sustain notes.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - So jazz, he's jazz, right?
 That's what he does.
 Otherwise, I've been reading mother rums.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Let's say he's jazz anyway.
 - I see he plays his saxophone.
 Does he go, let's be round for president?
 Did you know that?
 - What?
 - Of America.
 - Of America.
 In 1964, he ran a joke campaign for president.
 He promised to rename the White House,
 the Blues House, and a point.
 (laughing)
 - And he was going to appoint Duke Ellington
 as his secretary of state and Miles Davis
 as head of the CIA.
 - Which would have been--
 - Miles Davis.
 - Who are you from?
 (laughing)
 - He also, does he, Lesby, couldn't hit since 1949,
 he was unable to hit the B-flat above high sea on his trumpet
 'cause he had a very, very minor bicycling accident.
 But he got $1,000, which I think was quite a lot in 1949.
 - Sure.
 - And compensation for it because it's damaged his art.
 I could never hit that high B-flat.
 - Yeah.
 Wait, a minor cycling accident.
 - Just a twisted ankle, yeah.
 - He stopped him from being able to hit a high--
 - Weird.
 - Yeah, maybe it was winded or something.
 - You can sue for damaging your art.
 - You'll want your art.
 - Down, I don't think he's got a case.
 (laughing)
 - Just checking.
 - Another influential jazz person.
 Most influential guitarist of all time.
 - Jimmy Hendrix.
 - I was gonna go with Django Reinhart.
 Maybe it wasn't like jazz guitar.
 - Was missing the two main guitar playing fingers,
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - So it only ever did solos on two fingers.
 - Didn't he die because he refused to go to a doctor?
 - Yes, I think he did.
 - Yeah, he had a minor medical condition.
 He didn't go to a doctor and then it got bad and then he died.
 Does anyone know what Knitt will remember what he had?
 - I don't remember, no.
 - Just speaking of Django, this is a very weird link,
 but it's something I was when I was looking into
 all the stuff about Michael Bolt.
 I'm sorry, Kenny G being massive in China.
 It is curious when you find out about people
 who are big in other countries,
 who aren't sort of as like Norman Wisdom being massive
 in Albania.
 Norman Wisdom is huge still to this day in Albania.
 When he died, it was almost a national holiday
 and they just, and they have.
 - That's the holiday.
 (laughing)
 - So, that's the day of my life, thank you again.
 - Good boy, finally, that hated Wisdom is removed.
 (laughing)
 - When Kenny G dies, a lot of Chinese society
 will celebrate not having to listen to this song anymore.
 - That's true, that's true.
 Oh, come on.
 - There's a lot of Kenny G lovely in the room.
 - Yeah, it's a lot of people more famous in other countries.
 - Yeah, yeah, so I was reading about people who are more famous.
 The list of Americans, or just a people foreign people
 to China being big there.
 It's quite, it's quite interesting.
 The most famous person in China is Kobe Bryant,
 who's a basketball player, which I did not expect.
 - The most famous person in all of China.
 - Well, my theory is that it's actually Mr. Bean,
 which, and then, in at number three,
 Mao Zedong.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, it's a phrase that done.
 - Oh, it's the most famous foreigner.
 - Okay.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - It's not fun.
 - So these people are getting bigger and bigger.
 And as a result, there's a really interesting thing going on
 with the movie world at the moment,
 which is that the Chinese movie world
 has now overtaken Bollywood.
 It's taken over everything except America.
 They're the second largest movie makers in the world.
 And so as a result of these people's names getting quite big,
 they're getting put into movies now and being sold to China.
 And as a result, so the top film in China last year
 was Transformers, above anything in the world, right?
 They absolutely loved it.
 The latest Transformers movie that came out.
 But they do this really interesting thing
 where they have to edit out certain bits of the movie
 as it exists because it turns out there's a lot
 of anti-Chinese government stuff in movies
 that we don't realize.
 So when movies go out, suddenly there's a missing five minutes
 where a character has been taken out
 and it suddenly just doesn't make sense.
 Cloud Atlas, they took out 43 minutes of the movie
 when they took to China.
 That you can argue that it could miss 43 minutes.
 Couldn't do that.
 I haven't seen it.
 I haven't seen it.
 When the sound of music came out in South Korea,
 it was really, really popular.
 And like Cinemas were playing it four or five times a day.
 And one cinema owner wanted to work out a way
 that he could play it more times a day
 to get more customers in.
 So he edited out all the songs.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Amazing.
 That's like, if anyone heard an episode
 that we did, I think it was last week of the week before,
 Chuck Norris, when he plays his movies to his kids,
 doesn't like the idea of his kids seeing the fight scenes
 and the Chuck Norris movies.
 So he personally edits out all the fight scenes
 from his movies and his kids just watch it.
 And I cannot think of a worse experience than watching
 a fight with--
 Sound of music without any songs.
 Yeah.
 It's just called "of."
 I can.
 [LAUGHTER]
 People must have loved Cinemas so confused.
 What was with the title of it?
 Just to qualify, when I said Django, the reason I said that
 is Django Unchained, the Quentin Tarantino movie,
 went into China and was pulled minutes from all of the cinemas
 when it started, because I had a nude scene.
 And they don't allow nudity in movies now.
 That's not anti-China propaganda to be fair to Django.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 No, it's just they have strict law still with Serious.
 The other thing is that China is the biggest
 as in the amount of money they take,
 not the number of movies they make, I think.
 Yeah, because it's the side of the world, yeah.
 Which is not the only way.
 Yeah, they do this thing as well now.
 So you know, when we watch a James Bond movie, how they take out--
 you just see Richard Branson suddenly, and it's obviously
 a virgin ad, or it's just product placement the whole way
 through.
 They re-shoot scenes with Chinese product placement.
 So which movie was it here?
 It was "During World Wars" Z. Oh, great movie.
 Great film.
 Great movie.
 It is a great film.
 What's it, World Wars?
 You like Pacific Rim as your greatest ever.
 I love the Pacific Rim.
 Come on.
 Thank you.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Yeah, it goes forever.
 All right.
 I saw an edited version of "Wobble Z,"
 because I was on a plane watching it,
 because that's when you should watch "Wobble Z."
 And they edited out the bit with the enormous plane zombie
 scene, which ends with the plane crashing.
 Really?
 Yeah, weird, right?
 We censors.
 Let us watch the scene.
 That's fair.
 We should move on.
 We don't quite want to start.
 Oh, I just want to say one more thing.
 So this, Kenny G's real name is.
 Kenneth Gorelic.
 Kenneth Gorelic.
 And I thought I'd check and see if I had anything on him
 in my files on my computer.
 And I didn't have anything on him.
 But I did have something on another Kenneth Gorelic.
 And this is--
 That is weird.
 Go into the basement.
 Kenneth J. Gorelic, this is.
 He's a medic, and he wrote a paper called
 "A four letter word in the medical literature."
 And he went through all medical literature looking
 for instances of the word "fuck."
 OK?
 He found 17 instances since the 1960s.
 Four were about a fungus called "fuck."
 Two were sexual.
 And six were the author.
 OK?
 What do you mean?
 As in the name of the author?
 Oh, right, sorry.
 So here, the most prolific single contributor
 was Dr. E. Fuck, whose four German language publications
 on the Malik acid metabolism of saccharolytices constitute
 a major contribution to the field.
 This may be about to change with the emergence
 of Dr. L. Fuck as a co-author of a publication in 1999.
 So look out for those new fucks.
 OK, let's move on to fact number three,
 and that is Chazinski.
 Uh, yeah, it is.
 My fact is that the two leading paleontologists
 in the 19th century used to destroy their fossil sites
 after excavating them so that their rival
 wasn't able to find anything on them.
 That's insane.
 And so, and these really were the two
 by far and away, the leading paleontologist.
 So they were Edward Drinker, Cope, and Othnial, Charles, Marsh.
 Othnial.
 Othnial?
 Yep, that's right, that's his name.
 Got a problem with that?
 No.
 No, ma'am.
 It's just a brilliant name.
 It's good, yeah.
 So before they came along, there were nine species
 of dinosaur had been discovered and named.
 And between the two of them, by the time they both died,
 they'd named 136 species between them,
 including all the ones you've heard of,
 all the big ones, stegosaurus, diplodocus, triceratops,
 all those guys.
 And they kind of liked each other at first.
 So they met in 1867, and they named species
 after one another.
 So a giant serpent from New Jersey
 was called Mossosaurus Copianus after Cope and vice versa.
 Yeah, but I'm not sure that was because he liked him,
 because it's actually his copianus.
 Copianus, isn't it?
 That's what it is.
 Yeah, so I think that might have been an insult.
 No.
 For only you've been there to tell him.
 He thought he were best friends.
 I think this is why he was so upset.
 And Dick had a Soros, what is that?
 [LAUGHTER]
 So, relationship went sour when Cope showed off
 this fossil of an elasmosaurus, and a big, like,
 showing a new fossil.
 Classic faux pas.
 Yeah.
 Not at the end yet.
 Did that put the head on the wrong end of it?
 And Marsh said, I think you put the head on the tail.
 And Cope was like, no, haven't, you're wrong.
 And they called in the museum curator, the academy curator,
 who said, yeah, you put the head on the wrong end.
 And he was so humiliated by that, that Marsh wrote,
 that after that, he's been my bitter enemy.
 And it was so extreme.
 They spent 25 years stealing each other's fossils.
 They both employed teams of sort of spies to go
 and jeopardize each other's sight.
 So they'd steal and break each other's fossils.
 One of them, Marsh, got into government
 so that he could withdraw funding from the other guy.
 It comes in exchange of letters, where one would say,
 some of my fossils are damaged and have disappeared.
 I know you're responsible.
 And the other one would write back going,
 it's outrageous that you'd accuse me of that.
 But since you mentioned it, some of my fossils
 were gone and I thought, at least just 25 years of this.
 Wow.
 It was called the Bone Wars.
 The Bone Wars.
 How would they destroy each other's sort of--
 Well, Dynamite was how Marsh did it.
 Dynamite.
 Yeah.
 So they would find their bit and then go,
 there may be lots more here.
 But I'm just going to--
 Yeah, just in case there is.
 Or I think if they couldn't carry stuff back,
 or if they'd found the thing they needed to find.
 They couldn't carry stuff back, yeah.
 Well, that's all I can say about that.
 Well, maybe they thought they would
 propel it back with the dynamite.
 I read that, on one occasion, there
 are two teams of researchers, even
 had a stone throwing battle against each other.
 They stayed from--
 Yeah.
 They hated each other.
 They were throwing fossils at each other.
 Yeah?
 No, I think they're still just--
 Yeah.
 And it was quite-- even though they were obviously
 really successful, A, what were we missing that we could have?
 And B, it was quite damaging to their--
 like, how good they were at their work,
 because they constantly rushed to have stuff published
 before the other person.
 And this is when the Brondosaurus cock up came about.
 So Marsh, off Neil Marsh, named the Apatosaurus.
 And then he thought he'd found a different dinosaur,
 and he named it the Brondosaurus.
 And that was really catchy name, because it means thunder
 horse or something.
 And it turned out that it wasn't a Brondosaurus.
 It was just another Apatosaurus.
 And that was just because he'd sped it through,
 because he must publish more papers than--
 and he won the Bone Wars in the end,
 because he named 18 new species, and Copen named 56.
 I don't think there were that many winners in this, really,
 there, there.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, are you my teacher?
 When bones fight each other, nobody wins.
 I've read that they died--
 I guess they did.
 That was us.
 Yeah, they've gone--
 I've got a great fact about that.
 How about you're a fact next week?
 Ah!
 So yeah, so after Copen, Marsh, when he got into government,
 he divided his-- yeah, as you say, he made himself hugely
 powerful just so he could fight the other guy.
 But then he tried to take Copen's fossils away from him.
 And that was his crucial misstep, because he said,
 these were found with government money,
 and dug up with government money, therefore, the government
 owns them, and we're going to take your collection away from you.
 But Copen proved that he paid for all of his own.
 Yeah, the receipts, kept the receipts, right?
 Yeah, and he destroyed Marsh's reputation
 by showing that Marsh had behaved so unethically.
 So then Marsh lost his job in government, lost all his income,
 lost everything.
 Cope died 56 years old, penniless,
 Marsh died two years after that, and he had $186 left.
 You see, Anna, no winners.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've learned my lessons.
 The dinosaurs are all--
 they named 142 dinosaurs, but only 30--
 That is true.
 --are actual-- they're still dinosaurs.
 They got overexcited.
 A lot of them were mistakes.
 They made 110 fake dinosaurs and rushed to beat the other guy.
 They're not fake.
 We just weren't as good a classifying species then.
 Cool dinosaur thing.
 The most complete or one of the most complete fossils we have
 of a T-Rex was wrapped around, and with its teeth embedded
 in the most complete fossil we have of a triceratops.
 Wow.
 It's really cool.
 So annoyingly, it went straight to Bonham's,
 and they're trying to sell it for something like $10 million or something.
 So they haven't got scientists into verifying it.
 But recently--
 Yeah, it was last year, but it didn't go.
 And they were saying about how T-Rexes would have eaten them,
 and they would have taken their head off
 like a tin opener kind of thing.
 Is that all?
 Because his teeth were embedded in its neck.
 The teeth have come out of the T-Rex, and were in this sort of net.
 So that was the theory that they would just
 cut around the neck, and they'd take the head off and eat the inside.
 So then it was doing this, and there was an earthquake,
 they think, and which caused Santa fall on top of them,
 and they sort of sunk into the sinking sand.
 And they were forever--
 Right, for 60 million years, they've been embraced.
 I see if it wasn't exciting enough with dinosaurs fighting,
 then there was an earthquake.
 Ah, that's amazing.
 That's incredible.
 You don't get that kind of entertainment anymore.
 I read the very first dinosaur bone that was ever found was--
 at the time, it not thought to be a dinosaur bone.
 It was in retrospective kind of looking at the drawings
 of the thing that was described.
 And it was a guy called Robert Plott.
 Oh, yeah.
 And Robert Plott, he thought what he'd found
 was not a dinosaur, but a giant, which is incredible.
 He thought he was looking at this bone,
 and he was like, this must be a giant man.
 And so he told everyone that that's what he thought it was.
 Yeah, it was actually--
 it was a top of the thigh bone.
 Because of the shape of the top of the thigh bone of a dinosaur,
 it's quite hard to imagine that.
 But because of its shape, they called it scrotum humanum,
 because it looked like a giant scrotum.
 And the thing is that they--
 Giant balls.
 Is that what he thought it was?
 That wasn't him.
 That was Richard Brooks who thought that.
 But he came a little bit later.
 He thought it was a giant elephant or something like that.
 But then they came along called it scrotum humanum.
 And then they realized it was a megalosaurus bone.
 But according to the rules of nomenclature,
 they should keep the first thing that it was called.
 So the megalosaurus should really be called scrotum humanum.
 That's so good.
 So the thing I really liked about this guy, though, Robert Plott.
 He was quite an influential character back in the day
 when it came to science and classifying things
 and pushing forward ideas.
 He also wrote about-- and I'd not
 heard about this until today when I was looking into him--
 he wrote about the first ever noted double sunset.
 What?
 Yeah.
 Have you heard about this?
 OK, so he noticed it in leak, which I've not heard of either.
 I don't know what that is.
 No, it's famous for it.
 I think if you're from anywhere near leak,
 they're known for the double sunset.
 They're known for the double sunset.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 What is it then?
 No, no, it's a real thing.
 It's a real thing.
 It's just where the contours of the earth
 aligns such that when the sun sets on a certain day of the year,
 I think it's on the solstice, it looks like it's set over one hill.
 And then because of the distance a certain hill behind it
 is it rises up again and sets again.
 It's just look at it on YouTube.
 It's a real phenomenon.
 It's a double sunset.
 It's not magic.
 It's just the angle of the sun, compared to the mountains.
 And it's in England.
 It's a double sunset.
 It's really-- it's really cool.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 Another thing just on rivalries that I really like
 is that there's so much academic warfare that goes on.
 It's not just with the dinosaur hunters.
 You look through any bit of history up until now.
 I tweeted once saying, where does outer space begin?
 And that sparked a huge debate on Twitter for ages.
 Where no one knew where outer space technically began.
 So I love collecting these little things.
 And I found this thing that the first mobile phone call ever
 placed was in April the 3rd--
 on April the 3rd, 1973.
 I was a guy called Martin Cooper.
 He invented it.
 And he basically worked for Motorola.
 And his very first phone call--
 when he was like, we've made the mobile phone.
 Let's do this.
 His very first phone call was to the rivals at AT&T
 to say that they got their first.
 How cool is that?
 He called them.
 We got their suckers.
 Bye!
 I got it.
 That was the very first mobile phone call ever made, 1973.
 We need to move on, by the way.
 Oh, so we just quickly talked about the bastard Edison was.
 Go for it.
 Yeah.
 What?
 It's about bloody time.
 I think it is.
 So obviously Edison is credited with a great deal.
 He was propaganda Maestro.
 And he came up with DC Current.
 Well, Tesla was coming up with AC Current,
 which is what is used most mostly around the world now,
 because it's much more useful, it travels longer distances,
 et cetera.
 But Edison waged such a strong campaign against Tesla
 and against AC Current.
 To the extent that, he wrote to the Society
 for the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals in the US,
 and asked them to send him a bunch of dogs, cats, sheep, horses,
 and elephants to electrocute using AC Current
 to prove that it was dangerous.
 And the Prevention of Cruelty to Animals.
 So I said, yeah, of course, here you have some animals.
 Feel free to electrocute them at your convenience.
 I'm not really doing the job, are they?
 We did that in public, something was going on there.
 Yeah, and the electrocute to tops of the elephant.
 The electrocute topsi, which is the most traumatic thing.
 Topsi was a circus elephant, who basically she killed one guy
 who poked her in the face or something.
 And so she was supposed to be hanged as elephants tended
 to be when they were executed.
 Hanged.
 They used to hang elephants.
 What?
 That's the way to do it.
 It's not the best way to do it.
 I mean.
 This is a source of a lot of content in the QI office.
 You're the Kenji song, that's right.
 On the normal circumstances, we would have caught that big animal.
 But we--
 It's live.
 I've just made it to hanging elephants.
 OK, time to move on to our final facts.
 Andy Murray.
 My fact is that Mozilla Firefox translates
 its computer systems into hundreds of different languages.
 But lots of the metaphors don't translate.
 So things like cookies or files or mouse, things like that.
 So in Senegal, in the Fula language,
 a computer crash is known as a hooky, which
 means a cow falling over but not dying.
 Isn't that good?
 And they have all of these things.
 They're translating them using local idioms and local
 languages.
 So a timeout is a Hanama, which means your fish has gone away.
 And I don't really get this one.
 But aspect ratio is translated as Jean Dondero,
 which is a rebuke from elders when a fishing net is wrongly woven.
 You don't get that?
 I don't know.
 Do you know what aspect ratio is?
 Not really.
 I'm thinking about it now.
 I do get it.
 I think that's quite good.
 It's kind of like a fishing net, isn't it?
 When it's wrongly woven.
 I'm laughing.
 I'd still don't know what it is.
 Never mind.
 I do like it when--
 Yeah, so when interesting linguistic metaphors, I guess.
 And I think we might have been more fun with them
 in the olden days.
 So in the 1800s, they referred to ducks or any birds
 with feet quite close to their buns as ass feet.
 And if you read natural science journals and stuff,
 they'll say the ass foot duck present here,
 or the ass foot present here, was--
 Wasn't the Grieb formally known as an ass foot?
 It would have been, yeah, yeah, Grieb.
 Which one is known as a windfucker?
 That's a kestrel, or a kite.
 Because they stay hovering against the wind.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So "computer" words in Hawaiian, the word for "computer"
 literally means "electric brain."
 That's "lala-ulah."
 Yeah, and in Iceland, the computer is known as a "tulah,"
 which means "number prophetess."
 Oh, that's good, isn't it?
 That's really nice.
 I like-- it's a female as well.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And they-- they're older--
 Standard.
 They're old words for a page that was, oh, I can't pronounce that,
 "frifluothur," which means "feeth of the peace."
 Wow.
 That's good, though, isn't it?
 That's incredible.
 Yeah, so speaking of women and computers,
 first person to write "computer code" was a woman, right?
 Who I think we've talked to, yeah?
 She's here tonight.
 Welcome to the stage, the 150-year-old from "Come Up."
 Ada Lovelace, or Lovelace, I never know how to say that.
 Byron's daughter.
 Byron's daughter.
 Byron's only legitimate daughter.
 Although she was never allowed to see him
 because her understandably, her mum hated him so much.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so she wrote the world's first "computer code" in 1842,
 and it was because she worked with Charles Papish,
 didn't she, who made the analytical engine?
 Is that what it was called?
 Yeah.
 And it wasn't called a computer,
 because originally computers were people who did sums.
 Yes.
 You would say, "I'll just go and turn on the computer."
 No, you wouldn't say that.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's too wrong in too many ways.
 My mum always-- you know, in parents,
 I've like really lame jokes.
 They do your whole life.
 Whenever you say to her, "Can you turn on the lights, please?"
 She starts flirting with the lights, well.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I wonder if everyone here has shown.
 That's not a lame joke, actually.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's pretty good.
 She'll be thrilled.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The first search engine was called Archie.
 Oh, that's it.
 Oh, yeah.
 And so it was set up by this guy called Alan M. Taj.
 It was in the '80s, in 1983.
 And he was Barbadian, or Bayesian, whatever,
 whichever we're going to call it.
 And yeah, so he set up this search engine.
 He did computer science.
 And it was called Archie.
 And because I think comic book fans overlap quite a lot
 with computer geek people sometimes.
 And so everyone assumed it was named after Archie,
 the comic book guy.
 And so eventually he did an interview where he came out.
 And he said, it's not named after Archie.
 It's named after Archive.
 And I took the V out.
 Archie, the comics are the most insipid thing I've ever read.
 He was not invited back to Comic Con the next year, wasn't he?
 Anyway, he hasn't owned a computer since 1983.
 Probably I haven't let him have one.
 So rude about them.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The word bug, supposedly, was coined in 1946
 when a lady called Grace Hopper found a moth
 trapped in a relay at Harvard University.
 And she freed them off.
 And then she taped it into a book.
 But still, the computer then worked again.
 And that's where people thought we got the word bug from.
 But it's not true.
 It's been in use since at least the 1870s.
 However, she is amazing.
 She is not only a great computer scientist,
 she was also a US Navy rear admiral.
 Wow.
 She's badass.
 There are photos of this little lady in an enormous rack
 of medals on her chest.
 And she's got the proper naval admiral hat.
 Amazing.
 Yeah, very cool.
 In the what year?
 She died in about 1980 or 1990.
 So in the mid '40s, '50s, '60s was when
 she was in her admiral and computer heyday.
 Right.
 Yeah, look her up.
 Grace Hopper.
 Very cool.
 Brilliant.
 I was looking at language because of the language part
 of the fact.
 I was looking at the language of Vanuatu,
 which is called Bislama.
 And this was brought to the islands by sailors.
 So they're a bit, you know, a bit racy, the words.
 And a lot of their words have the word shit in them.
 Their word for shit is sit.
 So sit-belong fire is ash.
 So it's the ship, which is left over after a fire's burned,
 which is quite good.
 Sit water, obviously, is diarrhea.
 And sit-belong spider is--
 Spider shit.
 A spider web.
 Oh, I fell into that one.
 Yeah.
 That's an innocent one.
 And then I spent all afternoon looking at Vanuatu, basically--
 What have you found?
 I found that they have pseudo-hermaphroditic pigs
 on the island.
 And these are the pigs that they've--
 bred and bred and bred to have less and less testosterone.
 So the penises have got smaller and smaller and smaller.
 And now you can't even tell they have penises.
 And they're pseudo-hermaphrodites.
 And they're so precious on the island
 that they're used as currency.
 So they use pseudo-hermaphroditic pigs as currency, which
 is the best sentence I've ever heard.
 Do they carry around in wallet?
 No, it's just like owning it.
 And then you would--
 if you wanted to buy a house in your tent.
 You would like a house in your house.
 I think they use tusks as currency as well.
 So it takes seven years for a tusk to grow in a full circle.
 At which point it is valuable after the pig--
 it's removed from the pig, obviously, or taken.
 But if you get a double tusker, that's 14 years worth
 of accumulated money.
 So that's how they calculate what's worth more.
 I was looking at language as well.
 And so fun words that exist in other languages
 that we didn't have words for in English.
 I think we should.
 So I think my favorites are-- which one?
 "Jayus" or "Jayus" in Indonesian is a joke so unfunny
 that you have to laugh at it, which is weird with that, yeah.
 That's my next edit and brush out title.
 If anyone wants to come along.
 "Mangata" in Sweden literally means "Moon Street."
 So it's guessable, actually.
 But it's the-- do you know what it is?
 No.
 It's the-- so when the moon's reflecting over a lake,
 it's the reflection of the moon.
 It looks like a road.
 And then "Sobre Mesa" in Spanish
 is the time spent in conversation after a meal.
 And it literally means over the table.
 But I really like that because that turns it into an activity
 that's then justified in spending six hours doing, right?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 "Sobre Mesa"-- post-burning or washing up, basically.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No.
 The word-- this is a great-- it's a Swiss word.
 And it's "Altos on Tinta Lassena Versicharung."
 And it's the Swiss word for a pension.
 And they just say "ahv."
 But what it means is old age and survivors insurance.
 [LAUGHTER]
 How cool is that?
 OK, just one more thing about Senegal,
 because that was--
 Yeah, the original fact.
 The original fact.
 All the way back was about Senegal.
 The main language in Senegal is "Woloff."
 And the "Woloff" language doesn't really have words
 for colors.
 It does have them, but they don't use them.
 So they don't have the word for blue and orange
 and red.
 They use the French.
 But they do have lots of words for shades of gray.
 Loads and loads and loads.
 No, really.
 How many?
 [LAUGHTER]
 We don't know.
 I don't know.
 The reason they have so many shades of gray
 is because of their cast system.
 Because the shade of your skin matters so much to them
 that the different shades between black and white
 are really, really important to you.
 And that's why they have so many shades of gray.
 And the good thing about it is if you're a person
 who does a lot of art with pencils, especially in Africa,
 they use all these different shades of gray
 when you're deciding how much you shade things in.
 So they are actually useful as well as--
 as well as a bit racist.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm so excited that you've mentioned "Wall-Off"
 because when I was reading about jazz,
 it's in the "Wall-Off" language that they think the word "hip"
 comes from.
 And it's a word in the "Wall-Off" language
 called "Hepicat."
 And obviously so it's like a black culture thing jazz.
 And so they think "hip" comes from "Hepicat."
 And then a bunch of other etymologists
 think that that's rubbish.
 And that's just sort of post-talk rationalization.
 And they say there's no actual evidence
 that it comes from "Hepicat."
 And so apparently, among etymologists,
 instead of saying "to cry wolf," you say, "to cry wall-off."
 And this is etymologist banter.
 [LAUGHTER]
 To cry wall-off.
 Start using it, guys.
 OK.
 That's it.
 That's all our facts.
 Thanks so much, everyone, for listening to this show.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 But if you want to get in contact with us
 if you're listening to this right now,
 you can get us on our Twitter accounts.
 We have a main account which is @QIPodcast on Twitter.
 But you can get us individually.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 Andrew Hunter M. James.
 Eggshaped.
 Jazzinski.
 Can email podcast@QI.com.
 And yeah, we're going to be back again next week.
 This was our first live show.
 We may do it again, I don't know.
 Thanks everyone in the room for putting up with it.
 Thanks so much for coming.
 We hope you enjoyed it.
 And we'll be back again next week with another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish."
 Thank you so much.
 Good night.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
