 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and Anna Chazinski. And once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go. Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that Pompeii's new drain system is 2,300 years old.
 Yeah, so this is in Pompeii. They have a set of storm drains underneath the city that were several meters down, so they weren't really affected when Vizuvius hit.
 Well, I don't think any storm drain would have been able to drain away from Vizuvius. That's a good point.
 Yeah, so the system, they're 450 meters long. They're quite big, so if you're a human you can crawl along it without too much discomfort. And it turns out they've been looked into. They're so clean and empty and well built that they're going to be used again for more of a purpose.
 And they're looking into another stretch of 500 meters of drains just to see if we can open those up as well.
 So this kind of system is for taking water that comes out of rivers or comes from the air and taking it down to the sea. It's not so much for sewage.
 Because this is what the Roman sewers were all about. If you had a toilet in your house, it would probably go into a cesspit.
 It wouldn't be attached to the sewage system. Every now and then they could do. But the problem was there was no grating between the sewer and your toilet.
 So if you had a toilet and you attached it to the sewer, everything could come the other way as well as you set this up.
 Oh, that's great. So that's why we know so much about their eating habits because they were just sitting in these cess pits.
 There's all the menus. We've discovered things that they ate there. They include sea urchin, flamingo, and the only example of a giraffe leg in all of ancient Rome. It's found in Pompeii.
 I think it's the shops that they found. Did they not look at the shops in Pompeii and they found all that stuff?
 What do you mean they had it in the shop front with a giraffe leg on the window?
 So obviously everything was kind of preserved quite well in Pompeii, right? Because of the old Vodka.
 But they did a survey of 20 shops near Pompeii's gates and they looked at what was in the shops that was preserved.
 They found, like Dan says, the shellfish and the giraffe's bone and also spices that came all the way from Indonesia.
 Wow. Because actually, if you reflect on it, it would have been weird if they'd found a full giraffe leg in the sewer that someone had excreted out.
 That was in a painful session. That's a hell of a log.
 They did used to be terrified of things leaping back up, didn't they?
 And there used to be rumours that there were demons that would jump up from the sewers.
 Or giraffes. Or giraffes with only a leg remaining. And yeah, I think rats would crawl up quite often.
 Yeah, well, there is one story. And this is from, I think, about the first century AD.
 There was an author called Alien. Alien. It's an A-E-L-I-A-N, alright? He was not an alien.
 He was a Roman historian, a racist guy. We're not certain.
 But basically, all of these cesspit toilets that James has just mentioned, they were kept in the kitchen quite frequently of the house.
 So you'd literally have the hob, and then next to it, you'd just have a little wooden toilet seat.
 And you'd just do your business.
 A convenient.
 If you're in the middle of cooking a risotto, and you can't step away for too long, it's very convenient.
 And I think a lot of people who are flats in London can really empathise with this.
 I was going to say, in my father, that I used to live in, the toilet is basically in the kitchen.
 It's at the end of the kitchen, and the door's never closed.
 Right. Well, that's disgusting. So...
 Why is the door, that's your decision?
 You should close that door. It actually is quite annoying, because when you close it all, you can't open the fridge to access the freezer.
 It's a really silly built system. It's quite bad design.
 Sorry, if you've closed the toilet door, you can't open your own fridge.
 The door handle gets in the way. It was a cock-up in the construction process that no one's ever remedied.
 Right, it's just stepping away from Anne's horrible life for a minute.
 This, this author, alien.
 He wrote about a merchant in a city, because they were all cesspit- they didn't really have traps.
 You know, they didn't have any barrier.
 So there was one merchant, wealthy Iberian merchant living in a city.
 And every night, there was this giant octopus that would swim up his toilet,
 and it would come out into the kitchen and eat all the pickled fish that he had in the pantry.
 This is true! It's the story he wrote, obviously. It may not be completely true.
 And also, it's written by Alien.
 Just in Pompeii.
 So we're finding out a lot more about it at the moment, because archaeologists keep digging up new things.
 And one thing they've just discovered quite recently is that Pompeii in red, which is the walls,
 or all if you go there, it's beautiful, stunning red, what turns out that it's the wrong colour.
 A lot of that was yellow, and it was as a result of the gases from the volcano that it changed the colour.
 So a lot of Pompeii was red, but not as much as it is now.
 Well, that's like much of the rest of Pompeii doesn't have any colour on it anymore.
 So I think in the amphitheater, it used to be covered in stunning frescoes
 and sort of pictures of bull fights and chariot races and gladiators fighting each other.
 And when it was excavated in 1815, so they excavated it, and that had all been perfectly preserved for almost 2,000 years.
 And within a few months, it completely vanished, because as soon as it was being eroded and destroyed by frost and stuff, no trace of it was left.
 So after 2,000 years, you just lift the lid on it and it goes away.
 I have a fact about the amphitheater.
 Pompeii men were so rowdy fighting the neighbours in their nearby town that their amphitheater got closed down for 10 years as a punishment.
 Really?
 Well, you mean like who looking this and stuff?
 Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 If I was in that 10-year ban from all sports.
 Wow.
 It's not a lot. It's your dream, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 In the amphitheaters, what were they been watching?
 I think they were like gladiatorial people killing each other.
 If you're not going to behave, you're not going to watch people murder each other.
 You're only not going to murder each other in one place in the town.
 Wherever you go and watch a sport, you don't automatically start doing that sport in the terraces.
 You don't go to the horse race and then you turn around and all the crowd around horses.
 Every time I watch stand-up with Dan, he gets up in the middle of the audience and starts reciting his 8-year-old jokes.
 It's really awkward.
 When you say 8-year-old jokes, do you mean jokes that an 8-year-old will be proud of?
 No, their jokes exclusively about 8-year-olds. That's what happens to real.
 Do you know what people did when the volcano first erupted?
 There was one day where it was raining small rocks from the sky.
 It was clearly something had gone on and there had been an eruption.
 Did they go to the volcano and look at it like Rubbernacket?
 I don't think so, but the main thing that people did to protect themselves was to tie pillows onto their heads.
 They just walked around with pillows on their heads all day.
 How clever.
 And then a lot of people actually got away. Most people who lived in the town escaped.
 And then the next morning the pyroclastic flow came, which was thousands of miles an hour, I think.
 And that just blasted anyone who was still left in bed.
 And did the pillow do anything?
 No.
 The biggest pillow in the world.
 You know how we've got the famous plaster casts of people, so you've seen them.
 You've been having you down.
 There's a famous shape, so the ash-covered bodies and then there's a bit hole where the body used to be.
 But there's not just plaster casts of the bodies of the people.
 There's also plaster casts of the plants.
 So this is just a secondary very exciting thing that no one talks about.
 But basically it's a really good way of finding out what they were growing in their gardens.
 Because as well as covering the people, the ash-covered kind of all the plants and the trees and the herbs and stuff.
 And it got into their root systems.
 And then the roots disintegrate.
 And they poured plaster in when they excavated.
 And now they've got a perfect plaster cast of the root systems.
 Oh, that's so cool. That's really cool.
 Although I couldn't understand why they went for the humans first.
 It was so clever just discovering a hole when realizing this is a person-shaped hole.
 Do you think so?
 Would you not think if you saw a hole that was in the shape of a person you would know immediately that it was?
 No, I guess if I was just digging downwards, I wouldn't automatically think this is a shape like a person.
 I guess it's how quickly you describe it.
 Because I'm kind of imagining you remember that game show hole in the wall where celebrities had to make a shape and the shape of the body would come towards.
 It wouldn't be quite as obvious as that would it?
 I guess not.
 Because you're excavating a whole plane of rubble and ash.
 It's not a good game show.
 And it's quite a dangerous place to go to Pompey still.
 Yeah, for one bizarre reason, which is if you walk in the wrong spot, you might be blown up by a World War II bomb.
 So it's unexploded bombs.
 So this was in 1943.
 The Allied forces had rumors come out that there was a lot of Nazis huddling up in Pompey.
 Because actually I was going to say what's the point of bombing a place which has already been destroyed by a volcano?
 Yes, it seems a bit like overcome, isn't it?
 So that's what they thought they thought the Germans were there.
 So these were rumors.
 So they went over and they dropped 165 bombs over Pompey.
 Exploding a lot of stuff.
 But Nazis just had pillows on that.
 8 to 10% of bombs that were dropped during the war said to be unexploded when they land in a spot.
 So they actually have found a few while excavating looking for humans.
 They suddenly come across.
 Oh, that's a bit bomb shaped.
 Or shaped people back there, aren't they?
 Pretty much they weren't any Nazis hiding there.
 So did they just drop a bunch of bombs?
 It was completely wrong.
 Yeah, it was completely wrong.
 There was a few things like artillery and a few tanks.
 But they definitely weren't people.
 It wasn't a camp.
 So yeah, so they found a few but they expect that there's about 10 in total to find.
 And so they're finding it in all the spots that are not open to the public.
 They're sort of the areas that they're now excavating.
 There is a link between the bombings of Pompey and the eruption of Pompey
 after another same day.
 And in the same place.
 And in the same place.
 Really, at the same, really.
 24th of August.
 Wow.
 Yeah, I don't know if that was chosen as a tribute text to the volcano.
 I suspect not.
 I suppose so.
 All you can take from that data is don't go to Pompey on the 24th of August.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 And just because you mentioned bombs.
 And to take it quickly back to latrines.
 They used to explode sometimes.
 So people in Pompey were used to the unexplosion.
 So they could explode up your bottom.
 You'd be sitting on the opening.
 So you've probably seen the latrines in ancient Rome where you'd have public latrine.
 And you'd sit on this hole and it was that key hole-shaped hole.
 So you had a little bigger opening near the bottom so you could get your sponge brush in.
 So you could wipe your bum with it.
 But sometimes there'd be an explosion that would come up through that hole.
 And that was because of the mixture of methane and hydrogen sulfide,
 which caused explosions.
 Wow.
 Yeah, except fire.
 You could always wear a pillow on your bottom when you go to the toilet.
 Remind me not to come and stay at your place, Holmes.
 All right, I've left a mint on your pillow.
 Oh, God.
 And also these public toilets.
 It was like 20 at a time, wasn't it?
 There was loads of people there.
 And there was basically, there was no privacy.
 It wasn't like cubicles or anything like this.
 But you didn't really need it because you were wearing a toga.
 So you could hide your shame by covering yourself in a toga.
 Yeah, because we have this impression that they really didn't care.
 And I guess I don't think they did care about privacy nearly as much as people did subsequently.
 But there is one latrine that's been found with the revolving door.
 Or what we think was revolving door.
 That was the entrance to it.
 You could do with one of those next to your fridge, couldn't you?
 It's only.
 This is actually based on like a hole in the ground.
 They think they put a pole in and the door would just spin.
 Because what people were doing when it was a normal door was just leaving the door wide open
 because it's stacked like shit in there.
 Right.
 And they wanted to erase it.
 But then people could just look in.
 And so they included a revolving door so you couldn't leave it open.
 But revolving doors, we've said before, they keep air in very effectively.
 So would it smell worse?
 Yeah, it probably would have smelled worse, but you couldn't leave it open.
 You were just stuck with the smell, but at least you had your privacy.
 Okay.
 You've got to make a sacrifice.
 Sure.
 We're going to have to move on in a sec to my next fact.
 Have you heard of unblocked tober?
 Or you go around unblocking people's toilets.
 Is it a charity service?
 Is it that you just don't eat meat so your stools are not quite as heavy?
 It's not that.
 Is that why people have had charian?
 The sick of the heavy stools.
 Shout out a writer ass like the others can't.
 No, guys, it's to stop fat bugs and to stop a whole sewage system from being blocked up.
 So they send you a resource pack for your workplace and home
 and they advise you about how to improve the country's sewage.
 And basically it's all things like not putting oil down the sink.
 Because when the oil clubs together in the sewer, it creates a fat bug and it creates a nightmare.
 And they send you a list of things not to throw down the sink or the toilet.
 Like nappies, which I would have thought was quite obvious.
 But the wet wipes and condoms and cotton buds and butter.
 The butter is one of those things.
 It is putting butter down the tile.
 No one is, are they?
 The only reason I could think of that is if you're buttering yourself up,
 because you want to slip down there yourself.
 To go and retrieve that wet wipe, you have to do your thing.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is James.
 Okay, my fat this week is that there is a factory in Iran that makes 2000 US British
 and Israeli flags every month specifically for people to burn.
 Wow. How quickly after buying them, are you allowed to burn it?
 Well, I don't think there are any rules in Iran against burning US flags.
 I think it's positively encouraged.
 But this was a report last month by AP, associated press, which was in old and newspapers afterwards.
 And basically it's about this factory in a town that looks like it could be called Come In.
 But I think it's probably called Hamin or something like that.
 But it's in Iran and they have workers who work really diligently adding gold to stars
 and the stripes and everything to all these flags, even though they know that as soon as they've made them,
 they're just going to be set on fire.
 And the guy who runs a factory has said in recent years a production of US flags has tripled.
 And what eventually happens to my products is on its end user.
 So he's kind of washing his hands of what happens to it afterwards.
 But this company is called Diba, Parcham, Hamin and all I could find about them really is they have a nice Instagram channel.
 Is it burning flags?
 No, it's flags. It's unburning flags.
 But no, I think this is what the owner is saying basically.
 It's not up to me what people do there.
 I'm not bothered. I'm just going to give you the flag.
 And if you want to burn it, then that's up to you.
 He did also say, I hope there is a day that the flags we produce are presented as a gift.
 Which kind of feels true, although a lot of them are probably given as gifts today.
 They're just given as gifts saying, hey, I know you want something to burn at the demonstration later.
 But it's yeah, and they make three kinds of flags.
 One is for display purposes.
 One is tablecloth flags, which is if you have a conference or something.
 And then the third is demonstration flags.
 And that really spikes on days of national holiday, for example,
 because you want an American flag to burn in a national holiday.
 So you're not supposed to burn the tablecloth ones?
 No, no, no, no. That's a ruin's adenopar sight.
 Is the town where is the town where I told a comedy was born.
 So that's why the town is called a comment or maybe why he was called comedy.
 Yeah. And his house is now a major tourist site.
 But it's not the it's not the only tourist site there because there are some caves nearby with some rock art
 with cup marks, which may be up to 40,000 years old.
 What? Yeah.
 Well, I'm not completely sure what a cup market is.
 So I'm always getting told off at home for putting my hot cup of tea on the table and leaving the mark.
 And I'm always like, look, it'll erode eventually at the end.
 But if you're telling me they're 40,000 years old,
 Christ, they should have used the coaster.
 Yeah.
 It's funny, isn't it, how people burn flags and find it offensive and stuff,
 considering that really no countries had flags until like the late 18th century.
 And most countries didn't have them until the late 19th and early 20th century.
 It's really a modern thing, the idea of national flags.
 Yeah.
 You would get them on boats and stuff, but as a country.
 Well, a lot of countries are really into their flags.
 So there are quite a few where the red stripe signifies the blood lost in war and stuff.
 And quite a lot of countries don't allow you to burn them.
 Whereas America is fine.
 Well, America, they have a day for it, June 14th.
 Absolutely.
 It's the day that you retire flags.
 So the idea is that you are meant to burn flags when they're over.
 And there's an actual day that you can save the flag for.
 So if you want to burn an American flag, June 14th, that's the day.
 If you want to be respectful.
 Absolutely.
 If you want to offend everyone, do it any other day at the end.
 Yeah, the day before.
 Yeah.
 They do say in the flag code, don't know, the US has a flag code.
 And they say how to dispose of it, which is in a dignified way, preferably by burning.
 But there are lots of other sites and lots of other companies,
 which advise further on exactly how you should burn it.
 And so places like the Boy Scouts or Flagsellers or the newspapers will say,
 what you've got to do is you've got to fold your flag up very carefully.
 Place it in the very middle of a fire.
 Recite the pledge of allegiance and then observe a minute silence.
 Limey.
 How's it burns?
 The Flagsellers say, and you must do that on the day after you buy it and then buy another one.
 Have you heard of flag disposal boxes?
 No.
 These are a thing in America.
 They are specific boxes for your old flags that have become worn or weathered.
 And you drop them in there and every so often a boy scout will come around
 and he'll open it up, take all the flags out and then burn them.
 It's like a flag respectfully.
 It's like a flag.
 And they have these in supermarkets.
 That's how big the flag is in the US.
 So a flag basically like recycling, you have your clear glass and your brown glass.
 And then your flag.
 Yeah, exactly.
 That's so specific.
 A thing to have.
 Yeah.
 You think there could be one collection day a year where someone just goes around saying,
 how many flags have you got through this year?
 There are so many flags.
 There are so many flags in America.
 There's like wine bottles here.
 We have the huge pile of wine bottles at the end of the week.
 They've just got, I can't believe we went through so many flags this week.
 Do you get a bit embarrassed putting out all these flags and all your neighbours seeing,
 oh god, really went crazy last week.
 We have a flag party.
 We have a flag party.
 You've got a flag problem, mate.
 It did used to be illegal to burn the American flag, didn't it?
 For quite a brief time.
 So it was in 1968 when people were getting quite into it during Vietnam.
 Quite into burning the flag in protest.
 And it was made federal law that you couldn't do it.
 And then in 1989, there was a guy called Gregory Lee Johnson who burned a flag.
 It was like an anti-Ragan anarchist sort of protest.
 And he said he should be allowed to burn it.
 It was violating his free speech, his freedom of speech,
 that he couldn't express himself by doing that.
 And he won.
 It was a quite a famous case, the Texas versus Johnson case.
 He won.
 And since 1989, it's been completely fine to burn the flag.
 And what I found interesting was he's still going.
 And he's still doing the same thing.
 He's still flag burning all over America.
 And in 2016, he, this guy, Gregory Lee Johnson,
 was arrested during a staged flag burning at the Republican National Convention in Cleveland.
 And the reason he was arrested, because obviously you can't be arrested for burning a flag,
 is that police said that he lit his pants on fire.
 And there's...
 No, I didn't.
 They went...
 I liar.
 Anyway, I just want to say in Gregory Lee Johnson's defence.
 And again, it's all the news reports at the time.
 He didn't lie to himself or anyone else on fire.
 This was just like classic US police bullshit.
 And he actually got a compensation of $225,000.
 Hang on, Anna.
 Did the boy scouts burn flags to dispose of them between 1960?
 Whatever it was, 1969 and 1989?
 They must have been a loophole.
 Yeah.
 So it wasn't for the purposes of this...
 That was sort of allowed.
 It must have been.
 Unless maybe they had an enormous flag pile-up and didn't know what to do.
 I mean, there might be a prison still with thousands of scouts in it.
 They would all put away for life sentences.
 They would have been able to get out of those scouts.
 They've been trained.
 This one, this badge is for escaping Alcatraz.
 Just a quick thing on flags and protesting.
 Have you guys heard of the Danish protest pig?
 No.
 No.
 There's a pig that was basically bred in protests of the fact that
 during the Prussian rule in Denmark, there was bits of Denmark
 that were told they were not allowed to raise their flags.
 So they bred a pig that had the exact colors of the flag
 as a sort of walking flag.
 Oh, red and white to the colors of the flag, right?
 Yeah, exactly.
 It's probably kind of pinky and white if it's a pig.
 Yeah, it doesn't look like a flag when you see the pig.
 I've seen pictures, but it obviously was just symbolic about it.
 But yeah, that's amazing.
 Yeah, it's just a nice little screw, yeah.
 It's a relatively simple flag to replicate, I guess, as opposed to the...
 Yeah, as opposed to the...
 If you were the Seychelles flag.
 Yeah, very hard to really do.
 What's the Seychelles flag?
 It's just got lots of colors on it.
 Right, got it.
 Thank you.
 Everyone laughs if they all need a Seychelles flag.
 I know.
 That was guilty.
 I'd assume it would be a...
 Why would you pick it?
 You've got to ask that you can't do the knowing laugh.
 The people at home will be thinking, "Shit, maybe I should know the Seychelles flag
 and they'll be hating themselves."
 And then they'll look it up and laugh their ass off.
 And they realise...
 It's like lots of...
 It's almost like rays of light coming up from the bottom corner and they're all different colors.
 Yeah, in terms of we've got one on the wall right here at the Seychelles flag.
 Why do you think that's where we're recording from this week?
 And it's facing the wrong direction.
 That's the one we're going to burn after the show.
 That's right, yeah, yeah.
 So another thing which people use for protesting against America is shoes.
 Do you remember this?
 This kind of started...
 Oh, one of the first people to do this was an Iraqi reporter called Montaze Alzadi.
 And he threw both of his shoes at George W. Bush in 2008.
 And it was quite good for one person.
 And that was the maker of his shoes.
 And then started selling them as special by-by-bush models.
 Amazing.
 Did they come with grips so you could throw them better if George W. Bush visited you?
 They were just the same shoes but they just renamed them.
 And in fairness to him, the brother of the guy who threw the shoes said that actually he bought Iraqi-made shoes
 and this company who was selling the by-by-bush ones was a Turkish company.
 And apparently there was also a Syrian company who were claiming that they made the shoes.
 But the Turkish ones was the one that took off and they had to get a whole lot of new workers into make shoes
 because they were selling so many.
 And yeah, he said that he saw it on TV and he said I know that shoe.
 Anyway, that's definitely one of mine.
 I wonder if people would treat the shoes afterwards because it's not like burning something.
 Once you've thrown your shoe at someone, do you then go and pick it up and put it back on sale?
 No, no, no.
 Do you know what happens to the shoes?
 To the ones thrown at George W. Bush.
 Yeah, in a tree.
 Were they taken by the Secret Service?
 They were, but what does Secret Service do to them in Guantanamo Bay?
 What about them?
 You will talk.
 You've got a tongue, you will talk.
 No, they were and it's exactly what we were talking about with flags, they were burned.
 Oh, really?
 So that is one of the reasons why this Turkish company and the Syrian company and the Iraqi company
 could all say that they made them because they'd been burned so no one knew exactly what they were.
 Were they burned respectfully by a boy scout who had done up the laces first?
 Tied them neatly.
 Doesn't not.
 There is a record for the biggest flag which is also a pizza.
 Of course there is.
 But was it flappet, it has to flap to be a flag?
 This was actually just on a table.
 This was a tablecloth.
 It was the Stars and Stripes pizza,
 which they made with mozzarella and then died mozzarella.
 That's cheesy and I think they need to find a blue food.
 They really tried and they just couldn't do it.
 Blue M&Ms.
 Blue M&Ms.
 I think for the people who were ending up eating the pizza, I don't know if you can't put them to that.
 But it was quite small, it was 9 feet by 4 feet.
 Was the size of the overall flag slash pizza?
 Yeah, that doesn't shock me that no one else has thought to make a pizza flag.
 It's an easily breakable record though if you're looking to break a record.
 That's what I'm saying.
 Yeah, and go for a flag which is quite easy to do.
 Yeah, not the same shell.
 And that's what low enough about these people alone.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the old word for intestines was arse ropes.
 Are we trying to bring it back?
 I love it.
 I think it's yeah, I think it's evocative, isn't it?
 Yeah, the only issue is I don't talk about my intestines that much.
 So it's sort of be a wasted swap.
 If they were called arse ropes, you might.
 I can bring them into every conversation.
 So when was this?
 This was in the 14th century.
 So there's a great instance of it being included in the Wycliffe Bible,
 which was one of the first modern translated English versions of the Bible.
 By guy called John Wycliffe, I believe his name was.
 No, Wycliffe, Sean.
 I'm pretty sure.
 I've had that name.
 You might be right, he's right, I think.
 There is a link between John Wycliffe and Wycliffe.
 No.
 Is there?
 Yeah, Wycliffe, Sean was named after John Wycliffe.
 Percy.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, there's a tweet of him online saying,
 "My father named me after John Wycliffe, the biblical scholar."
 That's amazing.
 I know, but I don't know why you've reversed the names, John Wycliffe and Wycliffe, Sean.
 Well, maybe his surname was Sean.
 His surname happened to be Sean.
 I thought this is an opportunity we can't miss.
 I can't think of any other biblical scholars.
 So I can open Martin Luther.
 Was Martin Luther King named after Martin Luther?
 He must have been.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think people would have been called that because he was such a famous heroic figure.
 Yeah.
 Well, so was John Wycliffe.
 He was great.
 Look, so was Wycliffe, John.
 Anyway, I think it was used to mean rectum, right?
 Specifically, or I think I read an encyclopedia from a couple of hundred years ago
 that was saying it was used to mean rectum and then they sort of referred to
 the whole gut as being one continuous thing, which is in a way.
 And the end of it, the end of the large intestine, the rectum,
 was what they said for arse ropes.
 And then they called the small intestines, the small ropes.
 But it wasn't a rope.
 I mean, it's not a rope.
 You're bottom.
 You can see, well, you can see, you know, if you open someone up,
 you can see the ropes inside them of their intestines.
 It's just so strange that they use that to mean your backside.
 Well, it's still a tube.
 I guess so.
 You're both making really good points.
 A couple more arse words from the olden days that obsolete.
 Arse Poss was an obsolete word for a heavy fall on the buttocks.
 Arse Poss.
 Arse Poss.
 Nice.
 And arse winning was the money earned by prostitution.
 Not a obsolete word.
 Ah, that's good.
 So Pratt was also talking about your bum and your hip.
 And I'd never known that.
 So Pratt fall is off because of that.
 Did not know that.
 I'd never read them.
 When you call someone a Pratt, you're saying they're an arse.
 Or a hip.
 Yeah, it could be, it could be.
 So just quickly, one more thing on John Weigler.
 Yeah.
 So he was kind of a proto-reformation person,
 because he was an English scholar of the Bible, but he also disagreed
 with a lot of standard Catholic church practices like selling indulgences
 and praying to saints instead of just to God or to Christ.
 And he was really unpopular in Rome for all these reasons.
 So he died in 1384, really soon after his version of the Bible in English was published.
 And then there was this church meeting called the Council of Constance,
 which was 40-odd years later.
 And they were so annoyed with him still at this church meeting
 that they declared he should be dug up and his bones should be burned
 and then thrown into the nearest river.
 And it was done.
 But was it unrespectfully?
 It was a very, very disrespectfully.
 Wow.
 And they, that's harsh.
 I know, this is harsh.
 That Council of Constance, just quickly, they only met
 because there was a really embarrassing church situation
 where there were three popes at the same time.
 That is a bureaucratic cock up, isn't it?
 It's a sitcom rate again, isn't it?
 Yeah, there were two from 1378 onwards.
 And that was a bit embarrassing.
 And then in 1409, player three entered the game.
 It was pretending to be the fun.
 So one of them was at least one of them was a pretender?
 Yeah.
 So the Council met to resolve this matter, and they did.
 But they also said, let's dig up Whitecliffe,
 while we're about, while we're all meeting, while we're here.
 That's a bonding thing, maybe.
 On intestines?
 Yes.
 It's quite a famous fact, the small intestines.
 What's the surface area?
 Oh, it's something like a tennis court.
 A tennis court? It's not a tennis court.
 Wow.
 That's what you get taught at school all the time, right?
 The small intestines, as it's incredible surface area
 because it's covered in the little filly lumps and bumps.
 And it's very windy.
 And you're always told it's got a surface area of a tennis court
 or a football pitch.
 And then a few years ago, scientists realised
 they've actually properly measured this.
 So they bothered to measure the surface area of the intestines.
 And that it was a bunch of Swedish scientists.
 And they actually worked out it's only 40 square metres,
 which is half the size of a badminton court.
 Sorry guys.
 It's pretty small.
 Wow, that is small.
 Yeah, I mean, it's still quite big to squeeze inside.
 It's quite relatively small body.
 That's true.
 They did think for a while.
 And I've not actually seen this disproven
 that Russian people and Japanese people
 had longer intestines than anyone else.
 Okay.
 So what it was, they measured some intestines
 back in the olden days.
 And they found that the Russian intestines
 were about five feet longer on average
 than anyone else in Europe.
 And we think that probably the reason was,
 is because they had quite a small sample size.
 And actually, your intestines,
 different people have different lengths.
 And that is, you know, they're quite different in size.
 And they think probably they just got lucky
 that they got some Russians with big intestines.
 But they blamed it on economic conditions,
 saying that they lived on a vegetarian diet.
 And so they needed to grow longer intestines
 so they could eat all these vegetables.
 Okay.
 What?
 Then, on the other hand, in Japan,
 there is a theory thought by Japanese people
 that Japanese people have longer intestines.
 Okay. And I saw this really good article,
 shame on me, I can't remember where it was,
 where this person looked into this.
 And they surveyed a load of Japanese students
 and 65% of them believed that Japanese people
 had longer intestines.
 And four of the people who they asked said
 that they were exactly 1.5 times anyone else in the world.
 They had this belief is like a myth there.
 But then this guy asked an actual doctor,
 and this doctor said it's kind of known
 in the field of, you know, cutting people up,
 that if you get young Asian women,
 they have extremely long intestines.
 Okay.
 And I just can't find any actual evidence of people
 other than these people actually measuring them.
 So for all I know, it's true.
 And the idea is that if you're on a vegetarian diet,
 or that kind of diet, you might, for some reason,
 have longer intestines.
 Now, obviously this does sound like bullshit.
 Well, it is widely thought in some parts of the world
 that that's true.
 That that's true.
 So koalas have really long intestines,
 and they exclusively eucalyptus,
 and they have to break that down a lot,
 because it's quite poisonous eucalyptus.
 But that's over millions of years.
 So I don't know how quick it is.
 It doesn't take the millions of years to break down
 a bit of eucalyptus.
 It takes a little hell of a lifespan.
 No, you are right.
 But it is definitely true that between individuals,
 like my intestines might be way longer than yours
 or way shorter.
 Could they test it by presumably we could get, you know,
 some Japanese people, some Russian people,
 one of us to swallow something indigestible,
 maybe some chewing gum or something,
 and then we'll time how long it takes to come out,
 and then whoever's probably just through CT scans
 or, you know, just taking dead bodies in the open, maybe,
 I don't know.
 Just body testing.
 I think bodies are coming out, but I would struggle to get the wherewithal
 to cut open a dead body if we all tried it.
 I thought arranging a CT scan was hard enough.
 You know what?
 I see what you're saying.
 You're thinking of a practical way for us to do it,
 because we know some Russians, we know some Japanese people,
 we could try it.
 I thought that could be a first step,
 and then we'll think about the cadaver exhumation.
 If that doesn't work.
 Is that a thing, though, where we could race chewing gum?
 No.
 It's unlikely to be accepted for the Olympics 24.
 What do you mean is that a thing?
 There's a thing I just made up.
 I was just wondering if there's a mean average speed of digestion.
 There must be an average, but people must very, I suppose.
 Because they've got five foot longer intestines.
 Yeah, all you have in narrower tunnels,
 so that your food might be pushed along it faster,
 or take longer to get along it.
 I'm not like Andy said, it's not a spectator spot really, is it?
 It's not much of a one.
 Let's find it a dinner party.
 If you had a little GPS tracker inside the chewing gum, let's say.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Andy's making us red on there.
 Yeah, he did it like a slalom ski route,
 and you had it up on screens.
 I can see that being fun.
 They actually do that sort of thing now in medicine, don't they?
 They send trackers down through your systems.
 It's quite a common thing to swallow something.
 And they've got a new thing, which is, you know how,
 if you need to diagnose stomach issues,
 sometimes they'll have to do an endoscopy
 and you'll have to actually swallow something,
 and it's quite uncomfortable, and then they'll scrape the mucus
 from your stomach lining, and then it'll get a sample of mucus,
 and it'll work out what's wrong with you.
 And now they've invented, and I think it's going to be released
 onto the markets in the next year or two,
 sort of Hoover, which you swallow, and it does that for you.
 So it's tiny little capsule, and you swallow it.
 And it's got this amazing mechanism
 where it's got an opening at the top,
 which is clamped shut by a weird blob of wax.
 But once it gets down to your stomach,
 there's a magnet placed outside your body
 that triggers an electric current that melts
 that little wax pellet, so it opens the sack up,
 and then the sack can hoover up all the mucus
 in your stomach lining, and then it'll carry it out
 like a little Hoover bag, and then you pull it out,
 and you return the Hoover bag to the doctor.
 You tell you what's wrong with you?
 That is fucking clever.
 That's weird. That's so cool.
 You know bees, they have expandable rectums.
 Do they? Don't we all?
 Very good point. Very good point.
 That's special.
 Okay, bees have extremely expandable rectums.
 How much? How expandable can they be?
 Well, bees sometimes go into the hive for the winter.
 And what they can do is they cannot have a poo
 for several months, so some bees
 just stretch out their rectums between November and March.
 They just carry around all their poo
 inside their bones for the last four months,
 and then when March comes, when it's spring again,
 they can leave the hive, and then they have a poo outside.
 They take an enormous copy of war and peace
 or something, and they say, "I'll be a couple of days."
 Okay, it's time for our final factor of the show,
 and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that researchers
 have 3D printed sex dolls for turtles.
 Do you think this is what?
 Because this is what they do.
 This was an article in the conversation
 about a researcher who was pointing out
 that we actually know surprisingly little
 about how a lot of turtles mate,
 and it's quite hard to study how they mate
 without disturbing them, because you've got to go swim down
 with your snorkel and mask and watch them.
 And so what they've done is they've 3D printed decoys,
 and so they've 3D printed these two decoy females,
 and one of the things they were looking at was
 what's attractive in a female to a male turtle,
 so they printed one that was average size,
 and one that was the very upper end,
 the maximum size that a female could get to,
 and they stick cameras on the turtles,
 sink them to the bottom of a lake or a pond or a river,
 and see what happens.
 And it turned out the large one,
 the big decoy, got twice as many visits
 and five times as many mating attempts.
 Wow.
 It's a medium sized.
 That's very cool.
 These are map turtles, right?
 Yes, and all the map turtles.
 Yeah.
 So they're really cool.
 The reason that this 3D printing exercise work quite well
 is because, to mate, they all gather together
 into a massive orgy spot.
 So this is every autumn, hundreds and hundreds
 will get together at the bottom of a lake,
 and then they'll have sex,
 and then they'll sort of wedge themselves under a rock,
 so they don't float away,
 and they'll basically go to sleep for five months or hibernate,
 and it's often under 50 centimeters of ice,
 so they'll just be on the bottom,
 and they don't breathe, well, they breathe through their skin,
 they don't breathe through their mouths while they're doing that.
 And they wake up in spring, first thing they do is mate again.
 So they just have a long hibernation,
 Wow.
 where the bread is the mating,
 but that's why.
 And the filling is the sleeping.
 Yes, yes.
 It's a very big filling compared to the very thin slices
 of mating bread.
 I think you stretch this analogy enough.
 I think it's willing to crack.
 But anyway, that was why it was quite easy,
 because you know exactly where to drop the decoys,
 and there are plenty of them around,
 and it's just really sad to watch if you've seen the videos
 of the little guys trying to mate with the females.
 It's just awful knowing that...
 Yeah, it's just not going to get anything out of it.
 There's so much awesome 3D printing stuff that's going on.
 So some scientists, again, with turtles,
 they've been making fake sea turtle eggs,
 and then burying them on the beach.
 Can you guess why?
 Is it so that, because humans sometimes go and collect eggs
 and try and steal them?
 That's it.
 It's to catch poachers.
 Okay.
 So you bury the fake eggs on the beach,
 and then the poachers come along and steal the decoys,
 along with the real eggs.
 But the decoys have GPS trackers in,
 so then you just map where they're all going to.
 Wow.
 And if eggs from two different GPS trackers end up in the same place,
 you think there's your hub of poachers,
 and you go there and make your arrests.
 And if they accidentally eat the egg,
 we can then play that game that I really want to do
 with tracking the intestinal race.
 Yeah, perfect.
 I like the way that these people are poaching eggs.
 Oh, yeah.
 What is that?
 So many people are wrongly imprisoned.
 Did you poach an egg?
 Yeah, I did.
 Did you guys see spy in the wild?
 I think it didn't.
 But it was a series that made a load of fake animals
 and then sent them into animal colonies.
 In the first series of it, they made a fake langamunkey,
 and then they sent it in to infiltrate a real langamunkey society,
 and then 120 gathered around it,
 and they were all really freaked out by this thing.
 It looked exactly like one of them, but it was not quite right.
 And then it fell over,
 because they were getting a bit boisterous around it,
 and they all went really quiet,
 because they thought, oh, no, we killed it.
 Oh, no.
 Terry's dead.
 And then they all were really saddened
 and started hugging each other.
 Oh, I think it's the sign of emotion spreading among this group,
 because they thought they'd accidentally oft.
 How did they think they killed it just by staring it down?
 Well, they nudged it and it fell over.
 And it didn't move.
 Yeah.
 It's so interesting.
 So this was a guy he works at the BBC,
 or four of the BBC with these programs,
 called John Downer,
 and he made a series ages ago
 where he didn't quite do animals.
 He put cameras in boulders.
 He had boulder cam, basically.
 And they thought that worked so well.
 Why don't we try and make animatronic animals?
 So they did a prairie dog.
 They did a walking crocodile.
 They did a female orangutan.
 And with each one, they gave them a very specific trait
 that would help them survive in the wild.
 So like the prairie dogs,
 the animals have, they kiss each other a lot,
 and so they have that ability to do that.
 And there's a thing called the jump-yip,
 which is a way of bonding.
 And so they were able to make this do a jump-yip.
 Cool.
 So they took all these traits.
 Yeah, there was a spy pufferfish that they used.
 It's an incredible series.
 There were mere cats smeared in feces.
 That's right.
 Because they try to make it smell like the other mere cats
 by collecting their poo
 and then smearing the animatronic one with it.
 There was a bee with a pile of poo in its bum.
 Have you had of these decoy deer they have?
 I'm not sure if these are 3D printed.
 In fact, I think they are kind of made by engineers
 and by sort of hunting experts.
 But this is another way of leering poachers.
 So this happens in Washington State
 and various different bits of the USA.
 Because finding poachers is unbelievably hard to do
 because what you need is you need a wild animal
 and a poacher and a law enforcement officer
 all to be in the same place at the same time.
 Which is really hard. It's a nightmare.
 So they've started making these dummy deer
 and then putting them out in fields.
 And that liars the poachers to them.
 But you also, whenever you put the deer out,
 you just have a wildlife officer who sits near it
 and waits for someone to pop up and shoot it.
 And they've made them so good
 that they can now turn their heads these fake animals
 or lift their legs.
 Nice.
 And so a deer costs about $3,000 to make $3,000 to produce.
 Right.
 Because you need an animal skin
 and you need some mechanics.
 So you need to kill a deer first.
 So you killed a deer?
 We need to get the skin off it.
 You hire a poacher to kill you then.
 But once you've got that in place,
 you can make $30,000 in fines, finding poachers.
 Yeah, that was one where they put it out.
 Within five minutes, a poacher turned up and tried to shoot it.
 Yeah.
 Because I was thinking, how do you guarantee a poacher's going to find it?
 You could be sitting there for weeks.
 Would you put it near a road?
 That's quite helpful because obviously they'll see it.
 And they'll, you know, they might stop the car
 and try and have a crack at it.
 They're not allowed to.
 It's a season or something.
 So yeah.
 And they can be shot a hundred times without breaking some of them.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 It's going to make the poachers suspicious.
 90th gun shot.
 That's going to make that version of Bambi very long, isn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Such a traumatic scene, that would be.
 Bambi made by Tarantino.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And I love decoy animals.
 I, like, all the ways that scientists use them.
 And I was looking at probably, like, the most kind of well-known,
 maybe widely used decoys, the duck decoy, the classic hunters.
 They had taken out ducks for hundreds of years because you plant a flock of fake ducks on a pond
 and then the real ducks flock to it.
 And so I thought I'd look into this.
 First of all, I didn't realise how many you had to bring out.
 So when you went on a duck hunt in, you know, 1700s, 1800s,
 then you wouldn't just take a couple of wooden carved duck decoys.
 You had to mimic a flock.
 So on your hunt, you'd take up to 500 cars.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I love it.
 500?
 No way.
 You could have plot this massive flock on your pond.
 [LAUGHTER]
 To catch one duck.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I don't know how they ever made a profit.
 Doesn't make any sense.
 [LAUGHTER]
 To be fair, if I was a duck and I saw a party with 500 prints,
 I'd immediately want to join it, yes.
 Exactly.
 And then you also had to have live decoy ducks with the 500.
 Oh, stop.
 Live decoy.
 Well, because they have to make the realistic cool.
 So you'd have 500 quiet ducks made of wood.
 And then you'd have to have a couple of live ones that they keep on a lead,
 sort of in amongst them, to make the noise.
 Yes, all of those.
 Uncrew.
 Doesn't it?
 It's pretty sinister as well for the two ducks in the middle of these 500 dummies.
 Luring their mates and their deaths.
 Yeah.
 That's incredible.
 It's a rough gig.
 We should wrap up soon, right?
 OK.
 Just a quick thing on turtles, tortoises.
 So you guys read that Diego, the Hood Island tortoise,
 is retired from shagging, finally.
 Finally.
 This is the recent news.
 This is this year.
 So Diego is a Hood Island tortoise.
 And they were tortoises who, in the 1960s, they realised that there were only three males left.
 And I knew about a dozen females left on a Galapagos island.
 And so they started a breeding programme.
 So there's about 50 years ago.
 And so they had these three tortoises.
 And they tried to make the mate and Diego has mated.
 And he's now produced about 800 offspring.
 And this other one, even better than him, has produced about 1200 offspring.
 Wow.
 The third one just didn't do any.
 It was just really shit.
 And Diego is just retired and he's hit the headlines.
 And I find him really interesting.
 Because first of all, like well done him, he's shagged all these tortoises.
 He's repopulated the Galapagos with this type of tortoise.
 But also he's super famous.
 And the one who's done more shagging and is still going, is not that famous.
 And I was really an interview with one of the professors who works on it.
 And he was speculating.
 He was speculating. He was saying, so the other one who's actually signed 60%.
 He's called E5.
 So not as good a name.
 And the shit one was called E3.
 And so a bit rubbish.
 And also apparently he's more reserved and less charismatic.
 Well, Diego is also an exhibitionist, which you probably would expect with the name as well.
 So he shags very loudly and very aggressively.
 And does it in the daytime so you can see him.
 Whereas E5, sort of no one's really seen him mating very much.
 They think maybe he does it at night and he's a bit quiet about it.
 And so he's just apparently not as a bigger personality.
 And we know, the only reason we know is that he had a paternity test on every single of the new tortoises.
 2000 paternity tests.
 Amazing episode of the Jeremy Kyle show.
 We'll be showing the results for the next four seasons of the show.
 We'll start moving towards each other really slowly to have a fight.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland. James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 Andy @AndruHunterM.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcasts@QI.com.
 Yep, you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing.
 Or you can go to nosuchthingasafish.com.
 It's our website. We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We'll see you again next week. Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
