 Merry Christmas, everyone. Welcome to this week's episode of Fish. Hang on a second. It's not Friday. What's this doing here?
 It's a bonus episode. That's right. You've been good and Santa's brought you an audio present.
 An extra goodie that you weren't expecting. What you're about to hear is the first letter of our audio book of the year 2018.
 We sat in a studio. We read out our book. It lasts about nine hours long. It's all of us interjecting on each other.
 We really love it. And we thought, as is Christmas day...
 Can you not interject on each other? Just as we've done.
 That's right. Okay.
 So, yeah, we were in the studio. It was a long, long, hard session of us constantly interjecting all over each other.
 Shall we just say, "On with the show?"
 It's the letter A, and they're by the rest of it. Okay, on with the show.
 A, in which we learn why flies can't fly with American Airlines, whose reputation might be tarnished by working with the White House,
 who bought Russell Crowe's Jockstrap, how to tell your astronauts from your astronauts,
 and why the Belgian army are such mummies, boys. A, A.
 Okay, we're starting the book with A, a good place to start. No ad vaque news this year. That's tragic.
 But we found quite a lot of A, A news, didn't we? Too much, I would say.
 Okay, here's one. American Airlines, which is an AA, they banned passengers from traveling with emotional support insects.
 Did that affect many people?
 No, probably not even that many insects either, right?
 Yeah, I don't know how emotionally supportive insects can be.
 So, American Airlines, they changed their rules on emotional support animals this year,
 and that means their insects now prohibited, along with any animals with hooves,
 any emotional support amphibians, emotional support ferrets, emotional support hedgehogs,
 and the move was a response to an 84% rise in urine, feces, and aggression-related incidents involving animals since 2016.
 Well, American, I need to ban me if that's the problem.
 We found more AA news as well, but we found AA news about the alcoholics anonymous.
 Oh, yeah. So, there was a man who bought the original alcoholics anonymous document
 and he did so, and then he waived his anonymity in order to help alcoholics.
 Wow, so he's no longer anonymous.
 He's not. So, there's this founding book of alcoholics anonymous, which is from 1935,
 and this year it was sold at Northland in Los Angeles for $2.4 million,
 and it gets called the Big Book, because it's very big, because it's paper is very thick.
 And the man who bought it was the man who owns the Indianapolis Colts, American football team,
 and he's been battling his own addictions over the last two years. He's called Jim Urce,
 and he decided to go public, and he said that he would make a cabinet for the book
 and display it for part of the year at Alcoholics Anonymous's Headquarters in New York in order to
 help inspire alcoholics to give up drink. Oh, that's a nice story. That's very cool.
 Another AA, the first AA that springs to mind, really, is the AA battery, right? And this year,
 scientists invented a battery that never runs out ever. So, it's AA size. It was created by Osio,
 a wireless technology company that's based in Washington state, and it's called Forever Battery.
 It comes with a transmitter that constantly keeps it fully charged by a Wi-Fi-like waves.
 So, just in the air. The air charges it. You are an expert in this kind of technology,
 I practically invented it. Although it has to be that the battery and the transmitter
 are within 10 meters of each other. It's a small caveat. It's in a small print.
 Hope is it that one day these kind of setups will be available in every single home.
 Oh, wow. There's one final AA, which is that the automobile association found that there was one
 breakdown they couldn't fix. A former executive chairman at the automobile association
 sued the company for wrongful dismissal after he was fired for gross misconduct.
 He said he was stressed and overworked when he got into a fight with a colleague and that the
 company had no regard for his mental well-being. So, essentially, his argument appears to be that the AA
 couldn't deal with his breakdown. Are they using that on their advertising in future?
 There's only one breakdown the AA can't fix. And it's your emotional breakdown.
 Advertising. Roger Federer lost the rights to his own initials.
 So, this is the RF logo, which if you've ever watched a tennis game in the last
 15 years, you'll know he has sort of sewn embroidered into his shirt in kind of gold.
 And it's owned by Nike. And they've been his sponsor for 24 years, but this year he switched
 allegiance to the Japanese company Uniqlo. However, the initials are still owned by Nike.
 And so, he now has to reach an agreement with Nike to get them back because, as he put it,
 they are my initials, they are mine, which is almost fair enough. But he can draw comfort,
 Roger Federer, from the fact that Uniqlo is paying him $300 million just to wear their clothes
 on court over the next 10 years. Well, Uniqlo and most other advertisers are hoping to maximize
 their public exposure in ways like this. The company that makes Skittles produce an advert this
 year that will only ever be seen by one person. That's teenager and Skittles fan Marcos Menendez,
 who, as a publicity stunt, was shut in a room and shown an advert that was made specially for him,
 while his reaction was streamed live on Facebook to thousands of viewers. He revealed after
 was what was in the advert that only he saw apparently it featured friend star David Schwimmer shooting
 lasers from his mouth at Marcos' mother and turning her into Skittles. Cool. So it seems pretty great.
 Another company that was probably a bit less happy with the way it's goods were being advertised
 was Team Manufacturer Twinnings. So Twinnings complained to the advertising standards authority
 after Poundland decided to publish a tweet. This was last Christmas and the tweet showed a naughty
 elf squatting over a female doll and holding a Twinnings team bag above her face. That is naughty.
 Yeah, the accompanying caption on the tweet read, "How do you take your tea one lump or two?"
 So yeah, the advertising standards authority ruled the ad was irresponsible. But hilarious.
 Meanwhile, the truth of that old advertising mantra that sex sells was demonstrated in the monkey world
 this year. So a group of male macaques was shown pictures of either dominant male macaque faces or
 subordinate male faces or female macaque hindquarters bottoms alongside logos of brands like Pizza Hut
 and Adidas and the macaque showed a very clear preference for the logos they associated with the
 hindquarters. You wrote the article didn't you? I did, yes. You chose to use hindquarters. That's what I
 call them. I was just dumbing it down for the masses. Advice. The government advised people being
 deported to Jamaica to put on a Jamaican accent. Labour MP David Lamy drew attention this year to
 a leaflet given to British residents being deported to Jamaica, published when Theresa May was
 home secretary. As he pointed out, it included such tips as "try to be Jamaican, use local accents
 and dialect." And the pamphlets existence came to light during the Windrush scandal when it was
 revealed that hundreds of British subjects who had arrived in the UK between 1948 and 1970
 had been wrongly detained, denied legal rights, lost homes, jobs and benefits, and in at least 63
 cases have been deported even though they had originally been given an automatic right to remain
 permanently in the UK. And to make matters worse, the government had destroyed all their landing
 cards back in 2010 to cut back on stored paperwork, so the Windrush generation had no way of proving
 their status. That was some bad advice. More bad advice was in preparation for the World Cup,
 where Argentina's Football Association issued a manual to its players and officials
 that contained a chapter on how to pick up women while they were in Russia. Tips included,
 make sure your clean, smell good and dress well. Is that bad advice? That's great advice.
 Bad to give the advice. That's right. And Russian girls hate boring men, never ask trite questions.
 Be original. They don't like to be seen as objects. Can I just say, I'm married to a Russian girl,
 and if they don't like boring men, then I'm in serious trouble. So after that leave,
 that was given out. The Argentine Football Association insisted that it had been mistakenly included,
 and when it was noticed, they had the booklets returned and they hurriedly ripped out the offending
 pages. Alexa. Alexa got in trouble for laughing at her owners.
 Numerous customers this year reported that Amazon's voice-activated assistant was breaking out into
 spontaneous laughter when she wasn't even supposed to be switched on. Amazon fixed the glitch,
 explaining it was caused by echo devices mistakenly misinterpreting words it overheard,
 as the phrase Alexa laugh. Amazon was not able to explain why one device started telling random
 jokes without being asked, and why another woke up its owner around midnight and announced
 he's home. He's home for no apparent reason. In some cases, Alexa even went so far as to place
 orders for unwanted products. So one woman tried to have an Alexa TV advert banned, claiming that her
 echo dot had ordered pet food, because it overheard someone on the ad asking for it.
 And White House press secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders tweeted that her two-year-old son had inadvertently
 ordered a Batman toy by shouting Batman repeatedly into their device. Perhaps even more unnervingly,
 one couple discovered Alexa had recorded their private conversation and sent it to one of their
 contacts. They only realized this when he phoned to inform them he just received a recording of
 them discussing hardwood floors. Given all of this, customers might not be reassured by the news
 that Amazon has filed a patent for voice sniffing technology, which would theoretically let its
 echo speakers listen to people all the time to ascertain their likes and dislikes. It's no wonder
 perhaps that the name Alexa has declined in popularity by 33% in the US since 2015.
 I like as well the Church of England launched an app this year that allows you to ask Alexa questions
 like "Where's my nearest church?" or "Please read me the Lord's Prayer. What is the Bible?"
 Not doing well as a "How can a benevolent and omnipotent God allow evil?"
 An all-you-can-eat restaurant had to shut after two weeks because customers ate all they could.
 Jiaminer, a restaurant in Chengdu, China, shut its doors for good after launching an all-you-can-eat
 membership card, which, for 120 yuan, which is about 13 pounds, guaranteed unlimited food for a month.
 The owners said that they were aware they might lose some money initially, but hope that their loyalty
 scheme would not only attract clients, but would allow them to negotiate discounts from food and
 drink suppliers. What they didn't count on was how many customers would take advantage of that deal.
 In the first 14 days, the restaurant attracted more than 7,000 diners, many of whom were repeat
 customers or people who had borrowed cards from family and friends. After just two weeks,
 the restaurant had fallen into debt to the tune of 50,000 pounds and was forced to shut.
 The owners cited their poor management as the problem.
 Sounds about right.
 They also had problem at Brighton's Big Cheese Festival this year. Did you see that?
 They ran out of cheese. They said it was due to the bad weather which meant that the traders couldn't
 get there, but one person wrote in social media, "Hmm, what's expecting more cheese?"
 Someone else said, "I'd rather have gone to the supermarket. Less queues, more cheese."
 And a couple of months after that, I think, didn't an all-you-can-eat pizza festival
 not in Hill run out of pizza?
 It was just to go to an all-you-can-eat pizza festival. Who can eat more than one pizza?
 Well, two people on this table, good. We're not going to specify which.
 Who can manage more than half a small pizza?
 Animal races.
 A snail racing competition was postponed because the snails were too sluggish.
 Now that's their words, not my words. That's not me trying to make a terrible joke.
 That's the snail's words.
 Say a apologise afterwards, having two sluggish words. Sorry, guys. Post-race interview.
 So this was a race that was due to take place in February at the Dartmoor Union pub in Plymouth.
 But the organizers went to the pet shop to collect the snails and they were told that the cold weather
 had made them extra sleepy. This pub probably should have taken some advice from the organizers
 of the World Snail Racing Championships, which always takes place in July in Norfolk.
 Now they use a special damp cloth to keep their snails happy.
 The human competitors in that one, though, they don't always show the same compassion.
 The owner of the winner this year, Joe Waterfield, said,
 "I pulled him out this morning and told him if he didn't win, I would squash him."
 Also, what a fix that the World Snail Racing Championships always takes place in Norfolk.
 FIFA could learn a thing or two from these guys.
 I think the next one isn't Qatar, actually.
 So the animal race with the youngest participants this year was definitely the great "high-high".
 The great "he-he" sperm race set up by a New Zealand charity to raise money for the "he-he" bird,
 which is an endangered yet relatively unknown species.
 sperm samples were taken from four different "he-he" colonies,
 and people were encouraged to place a ten dollar, that's ten New Zealand dollar bet,
 on which of the samples would swim the fastest.
 According to the website, the male with the fastest sperm was CP11870,
 from Tiritiri, Matangi Island.
 Also known as a male who was famous for his natty pink leg bands,
 but secure in his masculinity.
 Sorry, the sperm had pink leg bands.
 No, so it was the "he-he" bird who had the fast sperm.
 Who also had leg bands who was also secure in his masculinity.
 So was the sperm with the name...
 I don't know what his legs were like, but is that his name, or is that the "he-he" bird's name?
 CP118 is called CP11870.
 Not the sperm, because then they would have to name every sperm,
 and that's even just announcing the race.
 You get the racers what they get.
 You get very long-term books.
 I don't think you get sperm-name books.
 Antarctic. Every minute the Antarctic loses enough ice to keep the UK in slushies for an entire year.
 In fact, in the time it took me to read that sentence,
 Antarctica lost 12 Olympic swimming pools worth of ice,
 with more than a gigaton, that's a billion tons of ice disappearing every two days.
 What? I know. How much ice is there then?
 There's so much ice.
 There's more than that, thank goodness.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 But we're not going to run out in like six days, which means there's so much ice.
 I'm not saying this is an anti-clivic change piece.
 It's like that thing about how they say that a rainforest, the size of whales,
 disappears every year from Brazil.
 And they've been saying that since at least I was born.
 So that's a hell of a lot of rainforests, isn't it?
 You guys are really coming across as strong deniers at the moment.
 Well, things are getting worse, actually, because according to a study published this year,
 the Antarctic is losing three times more ice than it was as recently as 2012.
 And if that wasn't bad enough, we've also recently discovered
 there's volcano going off under the South Pole,
 which is only adding to the effects of so-called...
 No, it's only adding to the effects of climate change.
 But there was better news for the Antarctic this year.
 Researchers discovered a super colony of 1.5 million previously unknown penguins
 on the danger islands, after noticing streaks of penguin poo in NASA satellite imagery of the islands.
 Do we not know about them because we were too afraid to go to danger island?
 I think so.
 Makes sense.
 Yeah, because we had to cross the river of doom.
 Until now, it was thought that this particular species of a deli penguins was on the decline.
 But population levels are, in fact, relatively healthy.
 And one other good piece of Antarctic news came in the form of the first ever
 harvest at the South Pole.
 It was grown in a giant greenhouse that uses a special liquid nutrient instead of soil
 and LEDs rather than sunlight.
 The technology may one day allow us to farm on other planets that are less fertile than our own.
 That is, every other planet that we know of.
 The first Antarctic crop was modest, consisting of 18 cucumbers,
 70 radishes and 8 pounds of salad leaves.
 But no iceberg lettuce.
 Very good.
 Missed opportunity.
 Arctic.
 China called itself a near-Arctic state, despite the fact that its nearest border
 ends a thousand miles south of the Arctic.
 China would love to increase its influence in the Arctic,
 both because then it could take advantage of shorter trade routes
 and because the Arctic contains a third of the world's natural gas reserves
 and various other tempting resources.
 So this year, China attempted to charm two key regional powers
 by opening a joint observatory with Iceland
 and by lending Finland a couple of pandas.
 China's first ever polar cruise ship is also going to launch next year.
 But it's not just China that is invading the Arctic.
 This year it was discovered that the Atlantic Ocean is doing the same thing.
 So since 2000, the northern balance region of the Arctic Ocean has been heating very rapidly
 and as the ice cover has diminished, so has the salinity of the water
 and it's been turning into an ocean with qualities very similar to those of the Atlantic.
 And the result has been that Atlantic fish have started to invade traditionally
 Arctic areas of sea.
 That's amazing.
 I know.
 It's not all bad news for the Arctic.
 A group of students from Bangalore University created prototype ice rebuilding machines
 that spray water onto existing ice, causing it to freeze,
 thicken existing ice layers and hopefully reverse the effects of climate change.
 Not so cold climate change?
 So reverse the effects of definitely happening climate change.
 A similar technique has been tried in Canada,
 but the Canadian machines are powered by petrol engines,
 whereas the new Bangalore method is wind powered and therefore much more environmentally friendly.
 Sadly, on the day they first tried these new devices,
 there wasn't actually any ice in the Welsh water,
 meaning the thing couldn't be fully tested.
 But it certainly works in theory.
 Apps.
 Favorite apps of the year?
 I go on here.
 Stoneers.
 There's an app for Stoneers now.
 So scientists at the University of Chicago have developed a prototype app
 and it's designed for cannabis users, so they can determine whether or not they are actually high.
 They need an app to tell them if that's the case.
 Am I Stone?
 It's called assesses the effects of the drug on cognitive ability by providing the users
 with a series of tasks to test their memory, reaction time, and attention span.
 Tell us the structure by B in the studio.
 Is that for use at parties?
 You know when people take a tote, but they don't inhale because they're a bit too scared to when you're 14.
 And then you get this app out and you test if they're really stone.
 When you're 14 or when you're Bill Clinton.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Is that this year?
 The Bill Clinton drug state?
 It's pretty current.
 Very current.
 I really like the app for people who want to become fathers that came out this year.
 It's this app called Yo.
 And it's an app that allows men to check their sperm count without having to see a doctor.
 It comes with a slide on which men can place a drop of their semen and the app takes a picture
 of the deposit, analyzes it, and assesses whether the sperm count is normal.
 And when you say slide, we mean like a microscope slide, don't we?
 Yes, not a playground slide.
 Incidentally, James isn't allowed in any playground in the continental area.
 Okay, here's a couple of apps, Glance Love and Wink Chat.
 Okay, they're dating apps.
 Do you fancy one of those?
 Anyone?
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, you are a relationship.
 That's right, I'd like to correct my answer.
 Well, maybe you wouldn't because they were actually built by Islamist militant group Hamas.
 Basically, in this app, you would pretend to be an attractive young Israeli.
 And then an Israeli would download the app and then you could install malware onto their phone
 and steal data.
 They also built another spine program for the World Cup.
 I was called Gold Cup.
 But actually, one senior Israeli defense force officer said it was actually very good.
 Oh, that's nice.
 I've got one.
 This is for people who have stomachs.
 So it was developed by Australian scientists.
 It's an indigestible electronic pill and you swallow it.
 And then it's paired with a pocket size receiver and a mobile phone app.
 And what the app allows you to do is track your fart development in real time
 as it passes from the stomach to the colon.
 And it's not just for leisure use.
 It is actually for scientific use.
 It's to collect gut data and to give us a better understanding of which foods cause digestive problems.
 So can you see if you're in a sort of a very, let's say, a lift, a work environment.
 Can you check and go, oh God, I've got one coming in 10 seconds.
 I can see it approaching the door, the door of my body.
 I think we call it the door to the hind quarters.
 Is it, can you, can you get it right to the point?
 I'm not sure as of that good yet, but you never know.
 Maybe the 2.0 version.
 Will we get enough?
 I'll turn Jacinda.
 New Zealand's Prime Minister gave birth to a prime miniature.
 This year Jacinda Ardern became only the second world leader ever to have a baby while in office.
 The other was Benazir Bhutto back in 1990.
 Ardern gave birth to her daughter on the 21st of June.
 Now that coincidentally is Benazir Bhutto's birthday.
 So that's a nice connection.
 Ardern then took six weeks of maternity leave.
 Ardern first discovered she was pregnant with the prime miniature, as the baby was dubbed on Twitter.
 Only six days before she came Prime Minister-elect,
 and barely two months after she'd been handed the Labour Party leadership.
 Labour at the time was in real difficulties.
 Its popularity in the polls was at a 20-year low of 23%,
 and the party had just run through four leaders in four years.
 Ardern told reporters, "Everyone knows I've just accepted, with short notice, the worst job in politics."
 However, only a few weeks into the campaign, Jacinda Mania, as the press called it, kicked in.
 And she ended up increasing her party's vote by 50%.
 In October 2017, age 37, she became the world's youngest female leader.
 Ardern named her daughter, Neve Te Aroha, Ardern Gayford.
 Te Aroha is a tiny farming community with a population of 3,900, near to where Ardern grew up.
 The townspeople were so excited by the news that they announced plans to paint
 all of the buildings pink and invited Ardern to visit so that she could take part
 in the traditional Maori practice of burying the afterbirth in the earth.
 Jacinda did not respond to the offer, perhaps because she was considering her options.
 Earlier in the year, another Maori tribe had suggested she bury her placenta
 at the spot where Britain signed the treaty that led to the founding of modern New Zealand.
 As well as putting a small town on the map,
 this year Jacinda fronted a national campaign to help put New Zealand back on the map.
 As she pointed out in a video she made with comedian Ristarbi,
 world maps produced in other countries have a worrying tendency to leave out New Zealand.
 The board game risk, a map in New York Central Park Zoo,
 a John Lewis tablecloth, and an episode of The Simpsons are just four of the places you won't find it
 according to online communities that have been monitoring the problem for some years now.
 Maybe it doesn't exist.
 Maybe it doesn't.
 We went there in May, it exists.
 Well they said we were in New Zealand.
 Good point.
 It looked a lot like Wales.
 Armenia.
 Armenians had a snowball fight in temperatures of 25 degrees Celsius.
 Surely more reward to fight at that point.
 So the snow was transported from the Armenian mountains in an enormous dump truck
 specifically to celebrate the fact that Prime Minister Serge Sargsyan had stepped down in the
 face of huge public protests.
 Some said the white snow showed the demonstrator's purity and the desire for democracy in the country.
 But most just saw it as a way to have a bit of fun.
 In 2015 the Armenian people voted to swap their presidential system for a parliamentary one
 with a country run by a Prime Minister.
 This year Sargsyan, who had been president for the previous 10 years,
 said he would not try to become Prime Minister.
 And indeed the opposition planted a farewell tree to say good riddance to him.
 Two days later though, the Republic Party of Armenia
 confirmed it would nominate Sargsyan to be the country's next Prime Minister.
 A role that, thanks to new laws, meant he would be even more powerful than he had ever been as president.
 During the protests that ensued, opposition leader Nikol Pashinyan
 led a 200 km march from Armenia's second city of Gujumri to the capital Yerevan,
 where he was promptly arrested.
 Further marches followed in which some 20% of the country took part.
 Sargsyan eventually bowed to pressure, saying I was wrong.
 While Nikol Pashinyan was right, Pashinyan became Armenia's new Prime Minister.
 Armies
 American soldiers gave away the location of secret military bases by going jogging.
 There's a GPS tracking company called Strava, which employs satellite information
 to map the location of people using Fitbits and other wearable fitness devices all over the world.
 In Europe and America, the devices are ubiquitous, but in countries like Iraq or Syria,
 almost the only people using them are American soldiers.
 Of course, this means that wherever the Strava map lights up red in those areas,
 there's almost certainly a military base there.
 The publicly available information on the map has therefore given away daily patterns,
 supply routes, and even individual patrol routes.
 And the worst part of it is that in 2013, the Pentagon gave out 2,500 Fitbits to its soldiers
 to help fight obesity, hence unwittingly compromising its own bases.
 But at least US Army personnel are trying to keep fit.
 The Chinese Army has had to ban fat soldiers from promotion after a fifth of would-be-recruits
 failed the wait test.
 In some brigades, 40% of the soldiers failed to complete a 5-kilometer cross-country run.
 Last year, the official state newspaper blamed failure to get into the Army on young men's
 poor diets and excess masturbation.
 What?
 You know, it'll affect the sounds like I'm at least trying to get into the Chinese Army.
 My application's not going to go down well.
 Oh, just improve your diet and knock it off.
 You know, it'll be fine.
 Oh, don't knock it off.
 As for the Spanish Army, it was announced in January that 180 Legionnaires from the elite rapid
 reaction force were too overweight to fight.
 They have since been put on a diet.
 But the year's prize for the most mocked armed force goes to the Belgian Army,
 which announced plans to let recruits sleep at home during their training,
 so they don't get homesick.
 As one horrified former paratrooper said,
 "You don't go to a war zone with men who miss their mummies."
 This is pretty amazing.
 It was revealed this year that the US has built itself a digital North Korea.
 So the idea is that American troops can practice fighting in a virtual reality of what would be
 the enemy terrain before doing it for real.
 What they should have done is they should have sent Donald Trump to the virtual North Korea,
 make him think that he was meeting with Kim Jong-un.
 We should just keep him in a virtual world where he's like the king of the whole world.
 Everything got sea-sea.
 Oh, no. Maybe we've all gone into that reality.
 Artificial intelligence.
 Scientists exposed their AI machine to an online forum,
 and it became a psychopath.
 The team from MIT fed the comments from a particularly angry message board into the machine,
 which they called Norman. After doing so, they showed Norman inkblots from the Rorschach test,
 from the Rorschach test, which are often used to give clues about a subject's personality,
 and compared Norman's responses to those of another computer
 that had not seen the internet comments.
 Where a normal AI saw a black and white photo of a baseball glove,
 Norman saw a man is murdered by machine gun in broad daylight.
 And where the normal AI saw a person is holding an umbrella in the air,
 Norman thought it was a man is shot dead in front of his screaming wife.
 Wow.
 Is Norman the name of the guy in Psycho?
 Yes, I don't know, that's why they call it.
 Why? Okay.
 Well, you're sort of condemning him there, aren't you, by giving him that name.
 Do you think nominative determinism works in robots?
 I must do.
 Yeah.
 He just really, really loves his motherboard.
 [Laughs]
 In more constructive technology innovations this year,
 it turns out that AI programs can be better than doctors at spotting cancer.
 In one test, machines were pitted against doctors in a competition to spot
 and diagnose skin cancer.
 The machines got it right 95% of the time,
 and the doctors only managed 87%.
 And Nissan invented an AI that trundles around and scans the ground,
 looking for a flatish, clear space, large enough to make a football pitch.
 It then paints the markings on that area ready for a game.
 It's basically the robot equivalent of putting your jumpers down as goalposts.
 [Laughs]
 In other AI news, there was a group from IBM who unveiled Project Debater.
 That's a new artificial intelligence program that they said could successfully debate against humans.
 It uses a library of millions of documents from around the world to create its arguments.
 The one problem with it is that it does tend to hammer its points home.
 It was reported, for instance, that during the space debate,
 it repeated the point that space exploration is beneficial to the economy several times,
 using very slightly different words.
 So it's not a perfect technique, but at least that should not preclude Project Debater
 from becoming president of the United States, ding, ding, ding.
 There's a satire bell.
 Hey!
 Art.
 So we've got some art awards to dish out.
 Series of gongs?
 Does that want to have a bit of art, they like?
 Yeah, there's an award I'd like to give for hyper-realism.
 And that is, in Hong Kong, cleaners accidentally threw away a piece of art.
 And in their defense, it did look like rubbish.
 This was Swiss artist Carol Mays work.
 She had made an unhappy meal by recreating a discarded McDonald's box,
 but with a frown instead of the trademark smile.
 And so, as a result, the cleaner saw it.
 Thought it was a bit of old rubbish and chucked it away.
 She said, "Anishely, I didn't find it funny at all, but later I realized it meant my imitation had been a success."
 Oh, what a nice positive spin to put on what was fundamentally a disaster for me.
 I've got a gong to dish out for street art.
 This is a bit of work by Banksy.
 So the Royal Academy rejected a work by Banksy, which he had submitted to their
 summer exhibition under a pseudonym.
 He submitted an under the name Brian S. Gackman, which is an anagram of Banksy Anagram,
 which is very clever, but it didn't get accepted.
 And then a month later, the Academy contacted Banksy, asking if he would submit a piece
 to their summer exhibition.
 So he sent them a very slightly altered version of the same piece and they accepted it.
 And they said, "Oh, this is marvelous."
 A gong I'd like to give out for one piece of art is the one called Majestic Splender
 in London's Hayward Art Gallery.
 So this was an exhibit and it consisted of a collection of rotten fish covered in sequence.
 And it spontaneously combusted a fire broke out in the gallery.
 Wow.
 Set fire to itself.
 How does that happen?
 If anything rots, it does make heat, doesn't it?
 Yeah, it does.
 So it must be that compost heap.
 Sometimes spontaneously combusted.
 I was once did that.
 It was really exciting.
 It's like a bonfire that you don't need to make.
 And for more on that, you can hear the audiobook.
 Tales from the compost heap by Anders' ex-Geek.
 Cannongate 2020.
 Here's no word for performance art that we want to give.
 This is Australian artist Mike Pa, who had himself buried alive in a steel box under an open road
 for 72 hours to symbolise the burial of Aboriginal history.
 Unfortunately, the chief of the Tasmanian Aboriginal Centre wasn't exactly impressed.
 He said, "The idea of our Aboriginal history being hidden is a valid point.
 The most effective way of bringing it out is not climbing under the road."
 Asteroids.
 Scientists concluded that birds escaped death by asteroid thanks to their inability to fly.
 According to a team of evolutionary scientists, the fossil record shows that the asteroid that
 wiped out the dinosaurs 66 million years ago destroyed so much tree life that all flying birds
 who lived in trees died out.
 This meant that only the flightless, ground-dwelling, emuleic ones survived,
 and those survivors must therefore be the common assisters of all birds today.
 Birds didn't relearn to fly until thousands of years later when the forest returned.
 This year, to avoid being hit by giant asteroids in the future, Russian scientists blasted tiny
 centimetre wide rocks with lasers, simulating the effect of nuclear bombs.
 They hoped to be able to scale this up to work on asteroids that are even wider than an inch in future.
 Not to be outdone, NASA announced plans for an eight-tonned spaceship called Hammer,
 which will be able to push an asteroid out of the Earth's path.
 Japan also deployed asteroid striking technology, but for different reasons.
 It's Hyabusa 2 spacecraft, which has spent the last four years traveling through space,
 arrived at its target, the Ryugu asteroid, currently located about 200 million miles away
 between Earth and Mars.
 The plan is that next year, Hyabusa 2 will release a projectile that will smash into the asteroid
 at a mile a second, making a crater that will be filmed and beam back to Earth so that astronomers
 can better understand how craters are formed. According to one scientist, the Hyabusa 2 projectile
 is a kinetic impactor, which is what we say in polite company when we don't want to say the word bomb.
 Look out, he's got a kinetic impactor!
 Astronauts
 NASA sent a man with a fear of heights to the International Space Station.
 Astronaut Andrew Foystal, who flew up to the ISS in March, confessed to this mild phobia not long
 before leaving on his six-month space mission. Fortunately, his fear of heights doesn't affect him too
 badly when he's 250 miles above the planet, but it is there, he said.
 Three months into his mission, Foystal became the commander of the ISS, and while on board conducted
 over 250 science investigations and technology demonstrations. He also started a band called Astro-Hawaii,
 which featured five of the ISS' astronauts and cosmonauts. Their instruments included two guitars,
 two flutes, and an improvised drum which was actually a metallic unit that stores all of the Russian
 cosmonauts feces. In other astronaut news, the world said goodbye to two Apollo moonwalkers.
 In January, John Young died. He was a member of the Apollo 16 lunar mission and was not only the
 ninth person to stand on the moon, but also sparked a review into the safety of crumbs in space
 after he sneaked to corned beef sandwich up there. Five months later, we lost Alan Bean,
 who as well as being the fourth man to stand on the moon was also a painter. Buzz Aldrin will call
 me up sometimes, Bean once said, wanting to talk about space stuff because he's really into space
 stuff. And I said, "Quit talking to me, Buzz. I'm not an astronaut anymore. I don't call you to ask
 you what colors to paint these things." Meanwhile, in India, a father and son were arrested after
 conning a businessman out of 160,000 pounds by pretending to work for NASA. The pair successfully
 convinced the man they had invented a device that could generate electricity from thunderbolts.
 They even performed a demonstration for him in silver space suits. After the businessman
 realized he was being joked by the pair, the police were called, and the astronauts were arrested.
 Nice. Thank you very much. Attorneys. Numerous lawyers refuse to represent
 the US president for fear he damaged their reputation. When Donald Trump's leader,
 Tony John Dowled resigned over a disagreement with his client. The president hunted for a replacement
 to represent his interests in the Robert Muller led investigation into alleged Russian meddling
 in the US 2016 election. However, a number of lawyers who were approached later said they turned
 the offer down because they were concerned that defending him might damage their professional
 reputation. According to Ted Boutrus, one of L.A.'s top lawyers, Trump is a notoriously
 difficult client who disregards the advice of his lawyers and asks them to engage in questionable
 activities. Trump was eventually left with only two lawyers on his legal team, Ty Cobb and Jay
 Seculo, neither of whom came from traditional law firms. Eventually, the former mayor of New York,
 Rudy Giuliani joined the team. He's had dealings with Donald before. A video from the year 2000
 resurfaced this year showing him at a charity event dressed as a woman and calling Trump a dirty
 boy for touching his fake breasts. That doesn't sound like the president. I know.
 Also, we should add, the fake breasts were sort of part of the bra. Rudy Giuliani doesn't have
 actual fake breasts. Right, he has not pressed implants is what you're saying. Yeah, he was just
 just dressed up. Yeah. The breast touching video was not the only problem with Trump's new lawyer.
 The DC bar website list Giuliani as an inactive attorney, meaning he's not licensed to practice
 in the district of Columbia. Consequently, should Trump ever have to appear in court during the
 Miller investigation, his own lawyer won't be able to attend. Lawyers and breasts met again
 this year when, owing to a computer malfunction, every single lawyer in Utah received a photo of a
 woman's naked breasts. Can I just interrupt you just for a second just to say Lawyers and
 Breast met again their sentence in the book. Thank you. That's my vote. Agreed. The Utah State Bar
 sent an event invitation to all of them and somehow managed to attach the image by mistake.
 But despite technological hiccups, courts increasingly rely on machines to replace humans.
 For instance, the series Fraud Office and the UK announced they'd be using evidence-sifting robots
 on all their casework in future since one robot can scan more than half a million documents a day.
 Orctions
 Russell Crowe held an auction called The Art of Divorce on his wedding anniversary.
 The auction held at Sotheby's Australia included a car used on the day of Crowe's wedding
 and some jewellery that once belonged to his ex-wife Danielle. Crowe said the reason he had decided
 to go ahead with it was that he was keen to try and turn something bleak into something joyful.
 The auction was streamed live on Facebook and lasted five hours,
 during which time members of the public were able to bid on 227 lots that also included
 a leather jock strap and a life-sized rubber horse. 79,788 dollars of the 3.7 million
 Crowe made in that auction came from comedian John Oliver's TV show Last Week Tonight,
 which bought numerous bits of Crowe memorabilia including the jock strap which the actor
 wore in the movie Cinder element. Oliver then lent the underwear to an Alaskan blockbuster video
 store in the hope that by displaying it the jock strap might attract more customers for them.
 The store has since closed. A joke feud then broke out with Crowe returning the gesture by using
 the 79,788 dollars to fund a ward at Australia Zoo's Wildlife Hospital to treat
 Climidia in Koalas. A plaque on the wall of the ward now reads The John Oliver Koala Climidia Ward.
 Other auctions around the world featured a broken teapot originally bought for 15 pounds,
 which was sold for 575,000 pounds. The original map of Winnie the Pooh's Hundred Acre Wood,
 which sold for 430,000 pounds, setting a new world record for a book illustration,
 a 1973 job application by Steve Jobs, which fetched $174,000, despite not identifying what job jobs
 was applying for. And a lunch with billionaire Warren Buffett was auctioned for $3.3 million.
 Was it a Buffett? Sadly not. What a missed opportunity. And lastly, a postcard from a passenger
 aboard the Titanic failed to sell when it didn't meet its reserve of 10,000 pounds,
 addressed to a misscreen in Birmingham. It included the words "Wish you were here,
 it is a lovely boat, and it would do you good." Nice so tragic.
