 [music]
 Hello everyone and welcome to another episode of Little Fish!
 This show where we put down our facts and we get the facts that have been sent to
 podcastandqi.com by you and he has gone through the mailbox.
 He's taken out the very very best facts that you've sent and we're going to go through them today.
 I'm James Harkin, I'm joined by Daniel Shriver, Andrew Hunter Murray and a whole bunch of facts
 who's got one. I've got one. Go for it. This is actually a very nice rare example of a double-headed
 fact. So it's the same is one fact but two people have sent it in. Oh right. Okay. So there's a place
 in Chicago, the Argon National Lab. Okay. It's a nuclear research, US research laboratory.
 I'm going to say it straight away. It's named by Mr. Argon. How did I not see that coming?
 It's named after a forest, the Argon Forest, not the chemical element. Anyway that's actually
 that is not the main fact. Oh really? Because my heckles are rump for those in the moment. I'm
 looking out for them wherever I'm going. So there's a forest surrounding the lab which is called
 Waterfall Glen, right? It's named after Mr. Waterfall or they'd have to someone called Glen.
 Seymour Waterfall. Okay. Was a local forest commissioner and apparently the waterfalls are
 truly rubbish. There is water going downwards but they're not good waterfalls. Because they're not
 meant to be waterfalls because it's named after Seymour Waterfall. So we're off the blocks.
 Yeah, very good. You're going to have to do better than that Andy. I'm afraid, first facts of the show.
 I really thought I'd get it nice and fast. No. It seems like it really is a whole new show that we're
 making now that you've forced into our existing show. It's just... I'm actually a bit worried because
 we're going to record a drop of the line after this. Genuinely, I'd say 30% of the content people
 have sent in. It's just names of things that you think are named for an obvious reason. I don't know
 what we're going to do because we've got too many to make it a good show. Well, if you want to spend
 your hard, hard-earned money, hearing us discuss names. Patreon.com/clubfish, everyone.
 Can I do a... Facts? Yeah, please. This has been sent in by Stephen Martinez, who says in 2012 a
 man named Niles Gammons was arrested for drunk driving in Urbana, Ohio at 108 AM. He was arrested
 and released on bail. And now, a later, at 108 AM, the same cop arrested the same man for drunk driving.
 Daylight savings. Yes, it must be really. Daylight savings. It's always the criminal, it's the daylight
 savings. Okay, hear me out, guys. Daylight savings cop. Yes. It only comes out twice a year
 to deal with little things like this. That's really good. It's the longest hour.
 Is what is the series name? The longest hour. And the second series is the shortest hour.
 It doesn't exist. Yeah, it just doesn't do anything. Just in a sleep. And you play the same episode twice
 right after each other. That's brilliant. On the hour. Yeah. Is it shot from different angles,
 like Rashomon? Oh, like back to the future too. Like does he see him sell? Or Kurosawa's masterpiece,
 Rashomon? Yeah, yeah, yeah. I mean, we've all got our cultural, overt and window, haven't we? Wow.
 Yep. Okay, slam on Zamekis, who delivered one of the greatest series ever. It's a brilliant film
 back to the future too. Thank you and your one as well, I'm sure. Okay, here's a fact from Eric,
 Eric says, despite the absurd difference in distances, it takes four times longer for a character
 to appear on your screen after you tap your keyboard, then it takes to send that keystroke across the
 Atlantic. Oh, wow. So when you say a character, I was thinking like, Daylight saving cop. Yeah,
 a letter. Yeah, a letter. Like, or a number, in fact, or a symbol. When I type that, when you type
 that, it basically comes onto your screen in about 200 milliseconds. Okay. And that's because there's
 a load of like according to Eric, invisible code that happens between your finger and the screen.
 So it has to basically, it's not just you press that and your screen automatically knows what you're
 pressing. It has to turn the press into some zeros and ones, which then goes into your computer,
 which then turns it into the actual character itself. Yes. And you also think that goes across the
 Atlantic. That goes from your finger to your computer in about 200 milliseconds. But just for the
 information to grow across the Atlantic and an undersea cable, it takes about 50 milliseconds.
 Stunning. Which is amazing. It is amazing. I've never noticed a lag after typing H.
 Well, the reason is your reaction time is longer than 200 milliseconds. People have done like tests
 online where you kind of check people's reaction times. And it seems like the average is about 273
 milliseconds. So anything quicker than that is kind of pointless. There's no point going faster than
 that because no one, unless you're like a formula one driver or an elite gamer, in which case your
 reaction time might be about 100 milliseconds, admittedly elite gamers do use computers quite a lot.
 Yeah. Yeah. Are they better at responding to emails and formula one drivers?
 They'd be better. They would notice the email arrived quicker. Yes. It does find me well. Thank you.
 Do you want another one? Yeah. This one comes from Natalie from Toronto,
 who says, I just paused in my work day because I came across this fantastic fact and had to send it
 your way. There's a town in Ontario called Barry, right? Oh, there's not. No, no. You see what you've
 done to yourself. You see who you've become on this show. And it's got different council wards in it.
 You know, ward is a little administrative area. And in Barry, it's just, it looks like it's just
 ward one, two, three and four. Okay. So anyway, there's a ward called ward four in the town of Barry.
 And the former ward four councilor for Barry is a guy called Barry Ward. Yeah.
 I looked, I looked up Mr Ward and he's a regular contributor to Barry today. Barry today. Yeah.
 It's about the town of Barry, not about people called Barry. What is Barry today? Is it an online
 thing? It's a website about Barry. Oh, okay. The town of Barry. It's not a newspaper or anything
 like that. Well, I think it's a news website. Okay. What was the difference these days? You know,
 what I read about today. This is the reason I ask you. Okay. In America, they used to have a lot
 of newspapers where you could only buy them if you bought another newspaper, which this newspaper
 was inside of. So you know, if you get like a Sunday broad sheet newspaper in the UK, it will have
 supplements in. Well, in America, for some of them, the supplement would be an actual different
 newspaper. And they wouldn't even be related to each other. Your normal newspaper that you buy
 might be a right wing newspaper and the supplement one might be a left wing one. And it was because
 basically there was a problem with like newspapers were dying out in the seventies. Obviously,
 they're still struggling. But in America, they came up with some new laws that meant that people
 would share printing presses and share printing costs. And so one newspaper would print it, but they
 would be forced to print another newspaper as well and put it inside their paper. That's really clever.
 Because if you live in a little town, maybe all the copies of the times that go here also have the
 Barry Gazette. For example, exactly. Exactly. Yeah. It's really clever. And also for some people,
 they like it because it meant that you get different viewpoints. So if you get the Daily Mail and
 the Guardian at the same time, then you can see different parts of it. The last one of them,
 which is in Las Vegas, I think is about to shut down because there's some legal thing going on
 right now. It's a shame. Natalie from Toronto has a bit of praise for you, James. Thank you.
 Was it about that fact that I just said? It wasn't, but it was about your Toronto knowledge. Toronto,
 you mean? We do, in fact, pronounce the city Toronto. I was very impressed that he knew that.
 And my accent is so strong that I've had to change my pronunciation to Toronto when talking to
 British people in order for them to understand me. How interesting. I've never been to Toronto,
 but I've just heard people say, yeah, you sound like you're born a brother.
 All right. Well, let's move away from praise for James. Let's get to another
 fact here. This is from Jonathan Hughes, who writes, "This may be a good fact for James."
 Thank you, Jonathan. I actually like him other shows become now.
 This is a sort of complicated tennis fact, which it is kind of interesting. Since 2021,
 Carlos Alcaraz and Yannick Sinner have played each other 16 times on tour. Alcaraz has won 10 of the
 matches in Sinner 6. Alcaraz has won 26 sets and Sinner has won 23 sets. And in that time,
 they've played 3,302 points. So who's one more points, Andy? If Alcaraz has won more games, 10-6,
 I would presume Alcaraz has won more points. Both tied on the exact same points. 1,651.
 And it's exactly. And it's the quirk of tennis that can happen. You play tennis, James,
 and you play tennis. Andy plays it more than I do. Yeah. And the other one. Yeah.
 The other Andy Murray. I do mean Anna. She's really good at tennis. But you could effectively have a
 very close game, but lose it's 6,6,6,6,6, right? It's just that you wanted to go down to a ju-- Yeah, exactly. Same
 happens in all sports, I would say. Like in Snooker, for instance, you can lose lots of really close frames,
 but then win ones where you win by 100 points. Or in football, even your goal difference, you could be
 right at the top of the table, but have a negative goal difference because all the games you've won were one
 nil, but all the ones that you've lost with nil 10. Right, yeah, yeah. Sounds like that player sinner is the
 prisoner of Alcaraz. Yeah, yes, yes. I don't know anymore, because sometimes when I make a joke,
 it goes really badly. I actually think, Andy, that you would be perfect in like a tabloid sports
 department, because you're not going to get bogged down with knowledge, but you can just go for the puns
 without worrying about whether they make sense on that. Absolutely. In this case, it may perfect.
 It may perfect sense. I would be flipping immediately to your article and bury today just to
 get that Murray Gold. Thank you. That's very nice. Oh, thank you. Let's have-- Yeah, enough compliment to
 Andy. Daniel Studenmund of Binghamton, New York writes about the famous mathematician Harold Scott
 Macdonald Coxeter, who we've mentioned on the show before, actually, but he said he was named so not
 to be mistaken for a ship. He was very nearly named Harold Macdonald Scott Coxeter or HMS Coxeter,
 but they decided to flip around his middle name, so he's not HMS, he's HSN. Daniel says he wanted to
 give Coxeter some love after you rudely mispronounced his name in the episode of Little Fish, but I think I might
 have done it again, guys. It must be Coxeter. Coxeter, I guess so. That's so weird. I had a fact about
 ship naming that I didn't mention just now, which is that Barry, the town, is named after an English
 general called Robert Barry, who commanded a ship called HMS Cockburn. I suspect Coburn. Yeah.
 And also HMS Brilliant, which is a nice name for a naval ship, I think. That was a good name.
 That is good. HMS Brilliant. Yeah. Can I tell you more about Harold Scott Macdonald Coxeter?
 Yes. So I went on to his entry in the Oxford History of National Biography, and here is a paragraph
 from the end of his article, "A gaunt, bird-like, acetic-looking man, he attributed his longevity to
 his vegetarianism, standing on his head, even at the age of 90 for 15 minutes each morning,
 a daily exercise regime of 50 press-ups, a nightly cocktail of Kaluah peach-naps and siamilk,
 and an abiding fascination with his subject." How interesting. What a guy! What a guy. Kaluah.
 Peach nap. Coffee liqueur, isn't it? Yeah. Coffee, peach, and what kind of milk, siamilk?
 I've got to say, that feels like the one rogue element that would not keep you alive. That's the
 toilet-visit element, isn't it? Yeah. That could be why humans have never lived past like 120,
 because this is the trick, but no one can stomach the Kaluah peach-naps in siamilk.
 Paul McCartney stands on his head for five minutes every day as well. Does he? Yeah.
 Light weight. Yeah. Yeah. I've never tried it. Is it as good for you to stand on your head as it
 is to hang upside down, which I know is good for you? Is it? I think so. I think Dan Brown does it,
 doesn't he? He used to do it to alleviate the rider's block that he had, right? Right.
 He would hang by upside-down boots from a pole. I don't know if that was just author fluff to...
 Might have been author fluff to make his interviews better, but you think Paul McCartney does do it.
 Yeah, he does it for at least five minutes. That's all I get to see before I'm dragged out of his
 garden, but he's definitely he's definitely clocked five. And what does he do? Does he have like boots
 holding him upside down or does he use his winks? See, I know the signs now. After 12 years, I've learned.
 Give James enough rope. But also, unencumbered by any knowledge about the Beatles. That's what's most
 surprising. You've made more Beatles gags on our show than anyone else had. You've never heard him.
 James has memorized at least of all the Beatles songs. I've done that for so many different subjects,
 just in case it comes up. Quite right. Quite right. Should I give you another one? Yes.
 This is from Dan Gudgeon. Over 90% of the UK's unique species don't live in the UK. What?
 What do you mean by unique as an endemic to here? 90%. Okay, so with British territories?
 Yeah, it's just overseas territories. Where have we still got? Where's Britain still got?
 Oh, loads of places. Give me one. Saint Helene. I love man. Falklands. Yeah. Chegos still,
 although we haven't signed a deal yet, but like the silly Isles. Yeah, I don't know. These are all
 territories as opposed to dependencies or crown dependency. They're all sorts of categories. But
 the UK's overseas territories are around the world. And some of them are, you know, a tiny
 squibbered land, but then a huge bit of ocean around. Australia.
 Thank you for listening, everyone.
 We are hoping to tell there again. We are.
 Yeah, but it's from the government website, the biodiversity there. I just found some species,
 which exist only in these overseas territories. Kangaroo.
 The Virgin Islands mute frog. The broad nose, seven-gill shark. The ascension.
 Named after Andrew broad nose, of course. That's right.
 And Stephanie Seven-gill, they were married couple of double barrel name.
 Okay, I've got one more here. This is from Mr Geeky. Mr Geeky says, "As you almost
 certainly know, many sea creatures have unique hemispheric sleep. That is one half of the brain
 sleeps while the other one remains awake." Okay. Yeah, we all knew that, right?
 Dolphins. Dolphins. Dolphins, guys. Most land mammals sleep with the whole brains at once.
 Humans, for instance. Yeah. But Mr Geeky says, "First seals do unique hemispheric sleep when in
 water and full brain sleep when on land." Wow, that's so cool, isn't it? So they've got no predator.
 Oh, they have predators in one place. In the water. Yeah. Yeah.
 So that's why they're hearts. Kill the whales eat them, don't they? Yeah, they do.
 They're going to be safe on land so they can have a full night's sleep. Gosh.
 Actually, like tourists in South Africa will go and see these first sharks being eaten by great,
 by great white sharks. First, can you say first seals? First seals, what did I say? First sharks.
 First shark, first sharks. Sound kind of cute, actually. That's a trick, isn't it?
 You get close enough to stroke them and they'll have your and off. First seals, yeah.
 If you go into South Africa, you can see the great white sharks eating them, and that's because it's
 the majesty of nature. People like to see this. Obviously, it's not great for the seals, but they have
 come up with a new way of dealing with it called mobbing, and basically a load of seals will harass
 this great white shark as it's coming up and saying, "No, no, no, no, no, and kind of nibble around
 this face." And it really works. That's very brave. That's very brave. Yeah. It's amazing.
 Seals are brave than I thought they were. I think the thing is with them is like, it's either
 that or you get eaten. Yeah. Yeah. I'd be tempted to just sort of distance myself from the group
 and hang out with a slower seal. Exactly. Yeah. But where are you? If you're away from the
 group, you're susceptible to have no one. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. You want to be in the middle of the
 group. Yeah. This is why I was fired from that union. And Arthur Scargel has got himself another
 enormous pay rise. More biting satire. Okay. That is enough of your facts as amazing as they are
 that every, I say this all the time, but your facts are so good. We can't help but be excited
 when they come into the inbox. And so send us some more. Send them to podcast@QI.com and Andy will
 winnow out the best for the next episode of Little Fish. But we must do one more thing. And that is
 hand out custodianship of some of our facts to people who are members of the friend of the podcast
 here on Patreon. So Dan, can you give us a fact please? Okay. Here we go. This fact is now under the
 custodianship of Laurel Evans. And your fact is that in 1710, the boys of Winchester College
 rioted over insufficient beer rations. Very nice. Very good. And it'll be presented as a nice story
 now, but they'll probably have killed an even three teachers, eight groundskeepers. Yes. I went to
 Winchester. I visited Winchester College quite recently. Did you? Yeah. I went past it. I didn't go in.
 Okay. But it's obviously one of the oldest to the posh schools there is. Yeah. It's right next to
 the house where I think Jane Austen died. I'm not believing you on any of these people who died in
 certain houses anymore. Not after Rod Hullgate. Oh yeah. Oh yeah. That's true. Did she definitely
 die though? I don't even know that she definitely died. She might still be driving. Not sure.
 Well anyway, so you drove past it? I walked past it. Great story.
 That's a good story. Are you going to up your game now, Anna's back, Andy? She will not suffer
 these heart-burning ghosts. I won't accept these in the way that we do. That's fair. Let's have another
 fact. How about this one? This one goes out to Julie King Humphries, terrific name, and your fact
 now, Julie forever, is that the first man to discover the clitoris in 1559 was Colombo.
 Was this your fight? This was my fact. Yeah. I think we did this at a live show. I feel like an
 up-to-creak memory coming into my head as well. Could have been. How did you find it? Was it
 difficult to fight? I sometimes forget that when you asked me a question, it's pointless what I'm
 saying in between. I don't even listen to the answers. Yeah, it's just fluff to get you to where you
 need to be. James is playing tennis against a wall here. Yeah, good fact. He was a old scientist,
 wasn't he? He was a lumber. Okay, here is another fact. This one now is under the custodial ship
 of Matt Janoway. Matt, your fact is that for 200 years after the tomato reached England,
 they were grown entirely for ornamental reasons. Oh, funny. Yeah, because they're a member of the
 nightshade families. So we had nightshades in Europe, which were very poisonous. The tomato came over
 and when it's growing, it looks like it might be one of these poisonous plants. So we thought it might
 be poisonous as well. Yeah. No one really trusted it. I mean, reasonably, right? Yeah, completely.
 Was the same true of potatoes as well. Yeah, same family. This is potato and potato and tomato
 and tomato. We're all thought to be unsife. Well, just the two that are actual words. Oh, yeah.
 You know those aren't four things, right? I can't be upsold at the supermarket. I'm just
 trying to buy tomatoes, but they sell me tomatoes. They're twice the price, but they are imported from
 America. All right, let's get to another one. Congratulations, Sally Baker, because you are now the
 custodian of the fact that NASA is planning on giving the moon a moon. This was another one of
 my facts. And I guess this was so long ago, I don't know if it's now going to new moon. I think we
 would have heard. We do heard. Yeah. That's a little bit quiet for a while, but they've come roaring
 back. So I mentioned they're still working on it. When the astronauts went to the moon very recently,
 do we know which one they went to? This one goes out to Mark Worry and it's that the man who played
 Sherlock Holmes, Basil Rathbone, spent the first World War dressed as a tree. Basil Rathbone,
 very famous actor, most famous for being Sherlock Holmes. And during the first World War, he needed to be
 crawling towards enemy lions for reconnaissance purposes. Oh, I think he was a moving tree,
 which is the point at that point. Okay, so if you go to the Imperial War Museum, I don't know if
 you've been, but they have a fantastic exhibition on all the ingenuity and all the amazing innovations
 for the wars. And you can see that tree there. The idea was that during night they went and cut down
 an existing tree and they'd remodeled it so that in the daylight it was still there, but it was this
 new colour tree and they would have soldiers in there. And yeah, so you can see A tree in that museum,
 which is very clever. Okay, here is another fact. This one is now under the custodianship of Oliver
 Porter. Oliver, your fact is that Abraham Lincoln hid important documents in his stove pipe hat.
 I love this, buddy. It's such good storage space that you just know
 on whatever to think of. How did we not just naturally know that he did that? I think what's great
 about it is because we all associate him so much with that hat. Yeah. And just to learn that there
 was an extra thing that was happening under there is really exciting. Yeah. But I think, did he not
 always wear his hat? Or was it that he didn't always have a beard? That was a beard. You didn't
 have the beard in the last few years of his life. For some child wrote to him saying you'd look
 quite nice with a beard and he grew it. I think that's it. But no, I think the hat was for a while.
 And he was like six foot five or something. He was a tall guy. And then he had the hat on top of it.
 So it's been about seven foot tall with the hat. Yeah, it must have been awful.
 Do you think? Well, just getting through doors. Yeah, the president on you so you can probably
 have a door rebuilt. I think instead of building the lintel of the door higher,
 I would make a little ditch at the bottom of the door. That's much better. So that you go lower.
 That's a really good idea. It's called "Aha." Much cleverer.
 Who's the most hatted world leader you can think of these days? I live right now.
 Actually, it's probably Trump on the baseball caps because he wears those a lot. I've never seen
 Kyastama wearing a hat. No. Macron, no. Friedrich Mertz, no. Narendra Modi, don't think so.
 No. Who's Tim Doesn't? Zahansky Doesn't. Yes. So the rarifat was the first person who came into my
 head which shows were my cultural timings come from? James, I'm going to say it. We've just done a
 main show and we've done this show. The number of references you've made to John Major. I know
 really quite old school references. You know what? I've been out of the country for a few weeks
 and I think it's reset my timings. So I've forgotten about all of modern culture. It's like you've
 had a bonk on the head. Is there anyone answer for that? It's another bonk on the head. Come here.
 Now you see the problem is in my 1980s and 90s mindset, bonk means having sex with someone?
 Yeah. What do you say? Yeah. Yeah. That's what I'm doing.
 Another fact? Yes. This one is going out to Dayton, Cannelli and your fact now is that
 monorails were originally horse drawn. Very nice. This was my horse jobs period of no such thing as a fish.
 I've obsessed over the number of jobs that horses used to have that slowly went out.
 There used to be days to do everything. There used to carry vacuum cleaners everywhere. They used to
 used to be used in theatre when they run on treadmills. There was a lot of horse jobs back in the day.
 Yeah. It's sad now. Now you just see them. If you go to one of those farms that children are allowed
 to feed the animals, you see them there and occasionally in horse racing but we don't really agree
 with that. No. Any of the horse jobs you want to talk about? I can't remember. I thought I had
 a lot of horse jobs but I can't remember them now. You just mentioned the three that were in the
 archive. Oh wow. Okay. You've got perfect recollection of headline facts and then supplementary facts
 coming off the back of it. I just remember my horse job period. No one else does. No one thinks
 that classic bit of fish were dead. Just took a horse job for 18 months. I remember in the 80s
 we used to have horses that we would bring around. What do you call those people who would collect
 old bits of iron and stuff? Oh and rag and bone men. Rag and bone men around where I used to live used
 to have horses taking those guys. You did it. In your memory. In the 80s. Yeah. You're living memory.
 Yes. Rag and bone men. Absolutely. I'll tell you what as well. We had rag and bone men when I was in
 my 20s in Bolton. What? Yeah. Yeah. They were mostly like when the traveling community would come in
 and they would come around the Gennels and just ask if we had any bits but they would shout rag and
 bone. That's stunning. I didn't think rag and bone was still trading that late. I also said it
 with the 40s, 50s. Yeah. I mean they were definitely they were on the way out. They weren't recruiting
 heavily. Right. And then of course there's rag and bone men, the singer. Oh yeah. But he's not.
 That's just the name, isn't it? No, that was his original job. Get out.
 No, it's not. That's very good. Have you been on a horse, Andy? I know James has.
 I've been on a horse the same number of times James has. Just once. Same here.
 All right. Guys, just don't go on about it all the time.
 One last one, Andy. Yes. This one goes out to Mark Anderson. The great smog of 1952 was so bad
 that blind people led sighted people home from the train station. Really good. Amazing.
 Oh yeah. Because the air used to be so filthy in London and there were these increasingly
 severe smogs over the 40s and 50s. Yeah. I think 1952 was when it got so bad that no one could see
 anything for about three days. Yeah. He supers. He supers exactly. Yeah. And just a bit like people
 were going falling into the terms and it was really bad. You know, people were having a horrible
 time of it. And I think that's when they thought maybe we shouldn't burn Colin right in the middle
 of the city. Maybe we should move it out. I was reading Michael Palin's diaries recently. And while
 they were doing Python, there was huge electricity cuts due to union things. And so it's all these
 tales of while they're writing that everyone would be writing by candlelight in 1969/70.
 Could I just say there was a lot of power cuts when I was scared as well?
 Yeah, but I don't know. For some reason, that feels weird to me that London would be going through
 that in the 70s as a decision as opposed to a genuine power cut. They were turning it off as a
 matter of action. I see. When they did the three day week maybe. James, what was the general strike
 plate? There was definitely strikes going on when I was a kid. I remember like all the kids TV
 shows. They would stop being shown during like the summer holidays because there was industrial
 action and they just show other crap instead. Why? As children also have to suffer through this
 industrial. There's no reason why you guys should get to watch Rainbow while we're having a hard time.
 I just have really solid memories of not being able to watch cartoons because there was
 industrial action happening in the country. Mr. Ben, he was in the union. Yeah, he's in all the unions.
 That's the best Mr. Ben joke you hear on a modern British podcast.
 I have no idea what that means, but it's about your independence, I assure you.
 Sounded awesome. Okay, guys, that is enough. That is enough of our facts.
 And of course, enough of your facts for the day. We have one more thing to say and that is thank
 you so much to Marker Dayton, Oliver Mark, Sally, Matt, Julie, Laurel and Katie. Thank you so much for
 becoming custodians and thank you for becoming friends of the podcast. We really do appreciate
 anyone who goes on to our Patreon and joins on any level and even the people who come and join
 up for free. It's really good way to support the podcast, but another way to support the podcast is
 listening and coming back on Friday for a new episode. So for now, it's good bye from me,
 it's good bye from Andy. Bye. And it's good bye from Dan. Oh, yes, good bye. We will see you again on
 Friday. Bye. I'd lovely tribute to the two Ronnies there who you will remember very well, James.
 Dude, I'm in the back.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
