 [music]
 Hey everyone, welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 This is the show where we step back from our own four favorite facts from the last seven
 days and we read out your favorite facts.
 If you'd like to submit some of your favorite facts, podcast at ki.com, send them there
 and he goes through all the mail and he picks out the best choice cuts for us to read out
 on this show.
 So we've all had our facts distributed who wants to open up with one.
 I'll do one.
 Let's do it.
 All right.
 This is from Gleb who writes, "Hi, love the show, long suffering, listen to first-time
 writer Yadda Yadda."
 So we know you do listen.
 Thanks for sticking with it, Gleb.
 It's not easy.
 It's hard enough doing it.
 Imagine having a listen to all this.
 Listen to all this.
 Well, Gleb's fact is this, in the 1930s Pan Am, Pan America, Ellen, were looking for a plane
 that could safely cross the Atlantic with cargo in one trip for their mail service.
 The guy who commissioned the design process was called "Quantrip."
 Is that true?
 Is that true?
 It's actually true.
 Wow.
 It's stunning.
 I went down a real trip wormhole on this.
 He was a big deal in the world of aviation.
 Yeah.
 He was born in 1899 and he started founding aviation firms.
 He founded Pan Am and he pushed a lot of development of long-range planes because before, you
 know, did you have to stop on the way like in the Azaz or something, or did they just not
 do it?
 I think there was a sort of northern route where you see.
 I had a little hop over to England or Northern Canada.
 Something like that.
 But basically, it was really hard to do.
 And in fact, in those days, I read a thing that in the old days, it took eight days to get
 from Miami to Buenos Aires.
 Oh, wow.
 So like, it was just a very, very slow process and he set up all these air bases around the
 world and he conceived this idea of, you know, shortening journeys and--
 Very cool.
 He was a very big deal and his nickname was Mummy because he was so secretive.
 I actually don't think he needed a nickname.
 No.
 "Quantrip."
 You're right.
 I think when you have such a solid name, you should probably rail against any nicknames.
 You're right.
 You're absolutely right.
 He worked for being secretive.
 He kept mum.
 He kept mum.
 That's right.
 Okay.
 He wasn't just wrapped up in--
 No.
 No.
 No.
 No.
 In those little lemon-centered, refreshing tablets that you get on a plane.
 He was wrapped.
 He lived inside those.
 He lived off the plane.
 There's one trip staring back at you.
 Yeah.
 And he was named Juan--
 He wasn't Spanish at all.
 No.
 No.
 He wasn't remote to Spanish.
 No, Hispanic or anything?
 Nope.
 He lived in England and he was from North Europe, his ancestry, you know.
 He was named either after his mother's stepfather Juan or his great-uncle Venezuelan wife Juanita
 or his mother's half-sister Juanita sources very quite widely.
 He was named after someone called Juan Juanita.
 It doesn't matter.
 You've never heard of this guy in a minute ago.
 It's not important.
 But I did the research and I had to--
 But it isn't interesting that all those people are quite distantly related from him.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 You're right, actually.
 And his father-- no, it's always like his great-uncle Venezuelan wife.
 Almost like they put something in that you wouldn't possibly be able to check using the
 normal records.
 Yeah.
 There you go.
 Juan trip.
 That's very good.
 Okay.
 Here is a fact from Bjorn Halga.
 Bjorn writes, "Hi.
 I love your show since you've been continuously delighting me with interesting facts."
 I thought I'd send you an interesting fact myself.
 That's why we're here, Bjorn.
 Juan read a book that said, "A quarter of the iron in the top 20 meters of the ocean is locked
 up in krill."
 Okay.
 Ah.
 It's from a book called The Curious Life of krill, because it sounds like they would know.
 But you know, I didn't think there was that much iron in the ocean anyway.
 No.
 So I was kind of unsure how important it is and I also thought is krill magnetic, if he's
 got so much iron in it, maybe it is.
 Are you thinking fishing-- fishing rod?
 Yeah.
 That would be a really easy way to fish, wouldn't it?
 Just shove a magnet in the water anyway.
 It turns out there was a recent study that looked how much iron is in krill in a place called
 Pritz Bay in Antarctica, which I think is named after the DJ Eric Pritz, who made the sun
 call on me in the 2000s.
 That wasn't--
 I was fooled.
 I think about you then.
 I did not even question it as you were saying it.
 They found that there's 19 milligrams per kilogram of iron in a krill, which would be extremely weak
 or negligible for practical purposes when it comes to magnetism.
 Right.
 But here is one interesting thing that I did work out.
 A blue whale eats four tons of krill a day.
 So that means if you could take all the iron out of all the krill that a blue whale eats,
 you could get a single table knife worth of iron out of that blue whale every day.
 Wow.
 A beautiful fact.
 Would a blue whale go off in the airport at security?
 No, again, the amount of iron is extremely negligible compared to the weight of the stuff
 that's eating.
 It depends on what the whale does with the iron it eats.
 If the iron is all concentrated and it's a special sort of iron gizzard or something.
 Which I don't think the science has proved or disproved yet.
 I'm fairly sure that it pulls it out.
 Okay, so it's not like there's a cutlery drawer inside a whale that steadily gets larger
 over it's like life starts developing butter shuffles or whatever, it's Farragans tongs.
 No, okay.
 That's James.
 What a...
 You've taken a little already great facts.
 Yeah.
 And you've improved on it.
 Yeah.
 Well, it was a great fat beyond.
 Thank you very much for writing it.
 Very good fact.
 I've got a fact that's been sent in here.
 It's a bit of a sexy one.
 Oh dear.
 You ready for a sexy one?
 I've been feeling that the way you read it is going to become less sexy.
 Let's see.
 Let's see how many...
 Please do all this agree.
 It's doing a sexy voice.
 I'm doing my sexy dance as well.
 Yeah.
 Here we go.
 Now, so this is from Conan from Singapore.
 Just like we think that champagne glasses were modeled after the shape of Marie Antoinette,
 which they are not not true.
 He puts in brackets.
 I'm not the whole shape of her.
 It was supposed to be the coop, which is like their very shallow rounded was supposed
 to be based on her breast.
 Yeah.
 Isn't it?
 Okay.
 So it's not.
 It's not.
 No.
 And what Conan or Conan are saying is that in Hong Kong, what is true is that they sell a
 dumpling that is named after the breasts of an actress in Hong Kong called Amy Yip.
 And these are dumplings that can weigh up to 350 grams and they even have half full boiled
 eggs inside of them.
 Oh, like with the breasts too, right?
 If my biology knowledge is anything to go by, I think that is how it works.
 Yeah.
 I actually remember Amy Yip now that I've looked it up because she starred in quite a few
 Chinese movies that were slightly erotic.
 And I remember as a kid in the late 90s, seeing a movie come on TV called Erotic Ghost Story
 and watching that.
 Wow.
 And she was.
 You could literally we see where it all comes from originally.
 It was really steamy like it was like I was way too young to be watching this movie.
 What's interesting is because she was known for largely for how voluptuous she was.
 She never did full nude scenes and movies.
 What they did was they used to do clever camera angles that would show side breasts and so
 on that gave you the impression that you think you had and this was known in the industry
 because she's called Amy Yip as a Yip tease and they're not full exposure of Amy Yip
 and movies.
 Yeah.
 Well, well.
 And she's really cool.
 Just amazing actress.
 I would be honest then.
 I sent it to you because there was a Hong Kong connection and I didn't realise I was giving
 you this prusty and moment.
 Cazapolting you back to your first interest in the paranormal.
 I'm sorry.
 But I'm actually not sorry.
 I'm interested in that happened.
 Yeah.
 Like prust nibbled on a battle end and nibbled on a breast shaped dumpling.
 That's a big moment for me.
 Thank you, Andy.
 There's a new company in the UK that's just announced they've launched five actual
 breast-shaped champagne glasses at they I think they've taken some real women's breasts
 and they've they've modeled their glasses on that as a kind of riposte to the French saying
 these glasses actually are based based on on breastsy.
 But I don't know.
 Very nice.
 Okay.
 What's going on the fact of you Andy?
 All right.
 Here's one.
 This is from Sandeep Jandu, who's a biology PhD student studying mosquitoes.
 So has sent a fact about ants.
 There is an ant which produces offspring of a different species to the ant in the original
 ant.
 It's insane.
 Like a surrogate?
 Kind of.
 You know what?
 I read the story quite recently and good luck explaining that.
 Okay.
 I'll give it a go.
 Basically, lots of ant queens, they produce workers and a lot of them produce hybrid
 workers taking sperm from another species.
 This is called sperm parasitism.
 That's the thing that happens in several species.
 But these ants, they're called messo-ibericus, they're incredibly weird.
 They do need sperm from another species and the female queen stores sperm from another species
 of ant and then she uses that to fertilize her eggs.
 But when she lays the eggs, she removes, I don't know if we know how this has done.
 She removes her own DNA or her own species DNA from these eggs.
 So she has basically made a clone of the other ant species whose sperm she used to make the
 workers, right?
 And that's so weird.
 And basically, she's created a completely separate species to herself.
 But here's the really weird thing.
 That other species doesn't exist where they live.
 Right.
 So, where did she get the sperm from?
 Wow.
 What we think happen is probably they did overlap with that other species, like many moons ago,
 but she's been able to continually sort of clone it and clone it and clone it so it doesn't
 matter that the other species don't live there.
 Wow.
 That is nuts.
 The authors of this study have coined this word Xenoparity, which is like a two species
 organism.
 It's mad.
 The explanation I found by one of the scientists behind it, I think, is that it's the equivalent
 of a human having a chimpanzee, like if you were birth to a chimpanzee, but we then use that
 chimpanzee to sire a race of human chimpanzee hybrids to do all our housework for us.
 Are they suggesting we do that?
 They're not suggesting we don't do that.
 Wow.
 So thank you, Sam, people.
 Insane.
 That's incredible.
 That's incredible.
 I read something, which is relevant.
 This will become relevant in a second.
 Have you guys heard of Devil's Gardens?
 No.
 So this isn't the Amazon Basin and what will happen is people will be walking through and
 suddenly they'll come to a clearing.
 It looks like someone's just cleared the area, but there'll just be a few trees that are
 still up.
 So, for a long time, locals attributed this to a shape-shifting demon, who they thought
 like to cause misfortune and so on, and you'd walk there and you would get bad things that
 would happen to you.
 Turns out when scientists looked into it, it's a type of ant.
 It's an ant, which is called the leminent, and it produces a natural formic acid, which
 injects into a lot of the plants in the area and kills them off, except for certain plants
 that they want to keep, which have hollow roots in them or hollow stems, that the ants
 then nest in.
 So it's their whole nesting area, and some of these areas have been lasting for eight hundred
 years or so.
 Wow.
 And yeah, and so for ages, it was a superstition of the area, but it just turns out the leminent
 has been creating these houses in these trees.
 That wasn't suffering enough.
 Knock it off ants.
 That doesn't mean it's hardly fair to play in the ants.
 No, I'm not.
 I'm completely, completely, completely, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Hey, when we get more facts, James?
 Yeah, here's one from Harrison Lee.
 Harrison Lee writes that I am currently vacationing in Salzburg, Austria, the birthplace
 of Mozart, and learned that Mozart chocolate has nothing to do with Mozart.
 The chocolate was invented one hundred years after his death, further than most commonly
 sold Mozart chocolates made by a German company, Reba.
 Wait, are they suggesting that as well as composing amazing chews, Mozart started a line
 of chocolate?
 I'll be honest, I wasn't massively surprised Harrison by this.
 I didn't think Mozart made these.
 He appears on, I've been there at Salzburg.
 He's on the chocolate itself, is that called Mozart Balls?
 Yeah.
 But do you know who invented them first?
 Who invented the Mozart Balls first?
 Eighth Hoven.
 No, no.
 I can't tell you Paul first invented them.
 He was a guy, but he was from Salzburg and Ferdinand, but yeah, they're now made by this
 German company.
 Right.
 Peter's second must have been absolutely gutted.
 Have you guys ever flown out of Salzburg on an airplane?
 I haven't.
 As someone who's a nervous flyer, it's one of the most terrifying runways because the runway
 at the end of it is just a giant cliff face.
 So if you haven't got the right height, you're just going bang into the cliff face.
 As they go along the runway, do the planes go, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh,
 yeah, yeah.
 It's a joke about Beethoven's fifth.
 This is Mozart.
 Well, I'm talking Mozart.
 Please edit that, edit that, edit that.
 Beethoven was from Vienna.
 Carry on.
 Yep.
 That reminds me of, similarly in Bhutan, in Tim Pu Airport, you come out of the airport
 off the runway right in front of you is a cliff.
 So you bank left to get out of the cliff, and when you bank left, there's another cliff.
 Oh my god.
 You have to bank right to get out of this.
 You have to do a zigzag to get out.
 Geez, that's why I could arrive in Bhutan, but never leave if I win.
 That is not.
 That and you also would probably marry a Yeti.
 Yes.
 Oh yeah.
 Yes, exactly.
 I was sat on that plane, by the way, when we were taking off next to a pilot who was hitching
 a ride.
 And I said to him, he wasn't hitching.
 He wasn't just stood on the runway and he stopped out.
 Yeah, he wasn't.
 We pulled over.
 I opened the emergency door.
 He was, I said to him, this is crazy.
 You've got a cliff at the end of the runway.
 What happens if you, if you go too low, and he just went, don't go too low?
 Yeah.
 Like the cockiness of these guys, but you've got to have it, right?
 So there's a cliff at the end of the, so it's not a cliff edge.
 No, it's a cliff.
 It's a cliff.
 It's a cliff.
 It's a cliff, right?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So the, the, the, the, the, the joke doesn't work for that reason either.
 Well, I don't think we need to spread any more time on that joke.
 Let's get to know it.
 Stay there.
 What joke, you mean?
 [laughs]
 [music]
 Why didn't you do the fact?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 All right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So this is from Kerry in Queensland.
 And she says, I love Antibody Intrivia on the podcast, and here's one that I found.
 In 1873, Bush Ranger Harry Redford was unanimously acquitted of cattle theft only because
 the jury was so impressed by how he managed the feat.
 [laughs]
 That's good.
 Yeah.
 So this is, it's a pretty amazing story.
 This guy, this guy Harry Redford, he's, there's, there's Redford Redford, there's different
 spellings of his name.
 Well, Australian listeners don't mind if we mispronounce that.
 We are terrible.
 Queensland, Queensland, I'm so nervous about how I said that.
 But so basically, he stole the numbers vary from 300 to 1000 cattle, and he knew that he couldn't
 sell them locally, so he had to get to another bit of Australia.
 He decided to cross 1,500 kilometers worth of Australian desert.
 Was it the Nalaba played?
 Don't do it, don't do it.
 This is only 10 years earlier, Birken Will's, who were two explorers, who tried to do the
 same feat, died in this process, so they didn't bring a thousand cows to eat.
 Did they?
 Yes.
 The full mistake.
 I'm always bringing a thousand.
 No, so he, he managed this, and so at the trial, the very fact that he'd managed this amazing
 feat kind of acquitted him, because they just thought that's too impressive.
 And then it sounds like the...
 It doesn't really feel like that's how it should work.
 No.
 I think if I munked someone, then I ran away to the North Pole, and I was the first person
 who'd ever done it, with their wallet.
 You know what I mean?
 I think that sort of does take precedence.
 Yeah, I think the judge, because it was up to the jury to the side.
 He said, "You're lucky, it wasn't me deciding because the jury were the ones."
 And then there's a weird detail that we've been sent by Kerry, which says that his trial
 was delayed for more than a year, because of how long it took to gather the witnesses,
 one of whom was a bull.
 Oh, come on.
 It's a call, 999 more bulls.
 Yeah, so that's the story of Harry Redford.
 Andy.
 Yeah, I've actually got another Aussie one.
 This is from Ari Tune Samanson, and it's that the annual Henley on Todd Regatta in Australia,
 was cancelled in 1993, because the river Todd was wet.
 There's a river, which is normally dry.
 And there's a place, Henley on Todd Regatta happens, it's in Alice Springs.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Made famous, of course, by Neville Shoes Brilliant Novel, a town like Alice, which is not
 actually set in Alice Springs, it's just about a town that's like Alice Springs.
 Anyway.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 It's Dor to Alice, that song by Roy Chubby Brown, that was about someone who lived in the next
 town.
 Yeah.
 International listeners, if you don't know who Roy Chubby Brown is, don't look him up.
 What a source to bring in.
 No.
 With a gun to my head, I would not have guessed the next name will be Roy Chubby Brown.
 My name is Royston Vasey, which is where the legal gentleman fake town is set.
 Yeah.
 It was based in Royston Vasey.
 Roy Chubby Brown's real name is Royston Vasey.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Good trivia.
 Great trivia.
 We can always pull it back, aren't we?
 Absolutely.
 Anyway.
 But this is the world's only dry riverboating event.
 People make boats and then they run along with them like the Flintstones.
 In the dry riverbed, that's been going on for, I think about 60 years now, but in 1993 there
 was flooding.
 And I had to be cancelled because the railing was wet.
 Yes, it was.
 Great.
 Okay.
 Here's the last one from me by Dave Rool.
 Dave Rool writes, "Long time less than a first-time call, I thought you might appreciate this
 list of things unexpectedly named after people.
 I had heard most of these, but definitely not all of them."
 So, Google's page rank, which is the tool for ranking web pages, is named after Larry
 Page.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Street San Francisco is named after Charles Mayne.
 Snowflake Arizona is named after two people, Mr. Snow and Mr. Flake, and Taco Bell is named
 after a guy called Glen Bell.
 Wow.
 That's good.
 That's really good.
 Snowflake is amazing.
 So, I looked into my files for some more sort of weirdly named things.
 The insult dum-dum, like if you call someone a dum-dum, that's named after a town and
 India.
 Oh, is it?
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Because you think it's because someone's dumb, but actually there's like a bun on that, because
 dum-dums were a type of bullet, and these bullets were first made in the town called
 Dum-Dum, near Kolkata.
 German chocolate cake is named after someone called Samuel German.
 And that was, it was invented in the US.
 And the Indonesian football team called Seaman Padang is named after a local cement company
 called Seaman Cement.
 Oh, wow.
 Wow.
 That's going to say David Seaman, the goalie, but...
 Yes, that would have been good.
 Seaman Cement.
 Yeah.
 That's great.
 You can bake your own jokes up for that one.
 Absolutely.
 Well, brilliant.
 Thank you, everyone, for sending in your facts.
 We're going to be doing this every Monday, but before we wrap up today, we have a very
 important job to do, which is that members of the highest level of club fish, known as
 Friends of the Podcasts, all as a reward for joining us at that highest bit, get given
 custodianship over one of the facts that we have done over the past 11 years of fish episodes,
 and so we are now going to dish out some more facts to some of those people.
 So, Andy, let's start with you.
 Yeah, I got one.
 This goes out to Stu Rottenbury.
 Congratulations, Stu.
 Your fact is one of my old facts.
 It's that.
 Tori and Prime Minister both started out as insults and you could say, "These still
 are, actually."
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, the kind of satire over there.
 Yeah.
 I think Tori is a kind of Irish raider.
 Yeah, that's right.
 He was a kind of bandit who operated in Ireland.
 And I think Prime Minister was the idea that you were taking the piss that this person thinks
 they're in charge when actually they're ahead of us.
 A larger group of people.
 You think you're great.
 That's it.
 Exactly that.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Well, here is one.
 This was originally by Anna.
 And it's now under the custodianship of another Anna, Anna Dalin.
 And Anna says that in a 2005 questionnaire about substance abuse, one in five admitted to
 taking a drug, which doesn't exist.
 Can anyone remember the name of the drug?
 I think it was called Derbysol.
 Derbysol?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 That's right.
 This is episode 11.
 Yeah, I can't remember anything from episode 12 to 600.
 But yeah.
 Yeah.
 Derbysol, that's right.
 That's right.
 So it was just basically they put in the load of drugs.
 Have you taken them?
 And they put in this one that didn't exist just to catch people out who were like.
 Lovely.
 Brilliant.
 Okay.
 Well, let's do another one.
 This one goes to a group of people.
 Team Charnady.
 Team Charnady.
 What do you think?
 What's that pronunciation?
 Charnady.
 It could be that this person's first name is Team.
 That's true.
 That's true.
 Or it could be Team Charlotte and Eddie, Charnady.
 Yes.
 Oh, like maybe it's Charles and Eddie.
 They've synced us from the 1990s.
 Or Prince Charles.
 Oh!
 Would I like them?
 Would I lie to you, baby?
 Would I lie to you?
 Oh, my James.
 Yes.
 You're throwing in a lot of references that have even got rid of me as an understanding.
 Well, this is...
 It could be Prince Charles and Prince Edward, of course.
 Either way, it's suddenly a celeb pack show.
 This is very exciting.
 Your Highnesses and excellent musicians.
 Thank you for listening.
 And you now are the custodians of a fact that I said in episode 11,
 which is that sea otters have a secret pocket that they like to keep their stones in.
 Very good.
 It's a special secret pocket.
 It's a secret pocket.
 Much like the royal family have their own jewels.
 Yes.
 Brilliant.
 They keep in a secret tower in the little family.
 Exactly.
 Yes.
 And they're in secrets, which we don't need to get into.
 We don't.
 Not while they're listening, anyway.
 But yeah, so thank you very much to team.
 Absolutely.
 Okay.
 Why don't we get one from you, Andy?
 All right.
 This fact goes out to Dries Belinks.
 And it's that knobs have been made illegal in Vancouver.
 I'm referring to calls to door knobs.
 This was the James fact.
 It's absolutely straight on brand for me, isn't it?
 Yes.
 Make it sound a bit more rude than it actually is.
 I think this was an early day classic.
 And I've said this a few times about the early day classics of no such thing as a fish.
 But the reason I say it is for this one is, do you remember in the very early days of fish,
 we produce some business cards.
 So when we started out, we handed out business cards to people saying we've got this new podcast.
 And on the back of it, it had a fact from each one of us.
 And that was your fact, James, for your business card.
 Very few podcasts, I think, now have business cards.
 And I think that was a shame.
 Well, yeah.
 Because look what it did for us.
 Yeah.
 Here we are 11 years later.
 Oh, no, absolutely.
 But the off menu boys, I don't think you're carrying around a stack of cards with the fact about food on them.
 And that's why who?
 Couldn't agree more.
 All right.
 Well, okay.
 Next fact.
 I just want to say that I really like off menu and those guys, if they want to come on our podcast,
 I would be more than welcome.
 That's a good point.
 Okay.
 Let's get to another fact here.
 So we have episode 12.
 We're now going into James.
 Why don't you give us this one?
 Okay.
 I can tell you mine from episode 12.
 It was the first fact in that episode.
 And it was that if the new Godzilla, which is very much now the old Godzilla,
 if the new Godzilla existed, it would produce 12.9 million gallons of urine a day.
 And that fact is now under the custodian ship of Douglas Owen.
 So congratulations to you, Douglas.
 Very, very nice.
 Brilliant fact.
 So I guess there must have been a new Godzilla film out.
 Right.
 I think it was made by Garret Edwards, who you and I had on the museum of curiosity.
 So we knew Garret, we had a few nights out with him.
 I saw it in the cinema.
 Yeah.
 There's a very exciting bit.
 Spoiler alert.
 Sorry.
 Yeah.
 What's the exciting bit?
 It's just a bit where some people are trying to parachute down.
 I believe on to Godzilla.
 It's an exciting moment.
 It's been a while since I've seen the film, because this was 11 years ago.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 12.9 million gallons a day.
 Makes you think.
 How many gallons are there in it say an Olympic swimming pool?
 660,000 gallons.
 So that's.
 No, so that's 20 Olympic swimming pools of urine a day.
 Hmm.
 And that's going to.
 Oh, it's going to ruin those Olympics, isn't it?
 Right.
 Let's get a few more.
 Andy, do you want to read the next one?
 This is a fact that goes out to Stephen Armstrong Worthington.
 Congratulations to you, Stephen.
 It's a great fact.
 It's that.
 I love this fact.
 The real Long John Silver from Treasure Island was farther to the real Wendy from Peter Pan.
 What?
 I know.
 I know.
 Do we really know who the real Long John Silver was?
 Well, he was inspired by William Henley, who was a writer and an athlete.
 And he also started that regatta in Australia.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, amazing guy.
 He wrote this poem Invictus.
 It was all about being unconquered and it's all about being a, you know, knowing, being captain of your soul.
 It's quite a stirring stuff.
 And so he clearly, um, and he had a daughter who was called Margaret Henley.
 And that inspired Jerem Barry to choose the name Wendy for Peter Pan.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah, because she was his Flandy Wendy.
 That's it.
 Very nice.
 Yeah.
 So anyway, I love that fact.
 There you go.
 Congratulations, Stephen.
 Okay.
 Let's go another one.
 This was my fact from episode 12, and this is going to shorn Donoway.
 The fact is that tinfoil hats, worn by conspiracy theorists, would actually amplify the signal.
 Very good.
 Brilliant.
 So the idea, if you don't know it, is that people believe that if you wear tinfoil hats, it's going to stop the government from getting into your brain,
 getting signals out of there.
 So it's an anti-stealing ideas device.
 And then some scientists did a test on it, and they worked out that if anything,
 it would amplify a signal rather than decrease it.
 And that's why you wear the anti-fifety bracelet, isn't it, then?
 Because that's been proven to work under lab conditions.
 And they work with proof.
 Yeah.
 There you go, shorn Donoway.
 It's a great story, great study.
 Shall we do one more?
 Let's do one more.
 The fact that now belongs to Shona McLean, that geese sometimes fly upside down to lose heights quickly when coming into land,
 but their head and neck stay the right way up.
 And this is called whiffling.
 It's got Murray all over it, that fact.
 I love this fact.
 He loves a whiffle.
 This is probably the fact if someone asked me for a fact.
 It's one of the top two or three that occurred to me to say to someone.
 Is it?
 Yeah, there's one inappropriate one, which I can't remember, oh, it's about kangaroos and they're intimate parts.
 And then this fact is the one I say when I've got rid of that fact from my head.
 And it gives you a geese fly upside down.
 And if you've never seen a photo of a goose whiffling, it's amazing.
 You got to Google it.
 Very cool.
 Because they look so silly.
 Yeah, it is incredible.
 Well, there we go.
 We've dished out eight new custodians facts for this episode.
 Congratulations to you all.
 Hope you're happy with the facts that you got.
 If you would like to get one of your own facts, well, all you need to do is go to patreon.com.
 Slash, no such thing as a fish.
 And if you join the friend of the podcast here, you automatically will be issued one.
 And then we will read it out at some point on one of these episodes.
 Otherwise, if you want to send a fact in for little fish podcast at qi.com.
 And he goes through it all as I said at the top.
 And he'll pick some more for next week's episodes to get hunting and send them in.
 All right, everyone.
 We'll see you again next week.
 And we'll also see you on Friday for the main no such thing as a fish episode.
 And until then, goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
