 *Bell*
 *Bell*
 *Bell*
 *Bell*
 *Bell*
 *Bell*
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 *Bell*
 My fact is that when you are 30 meters underwater, your lungs are only a quarter of their normal size. That is incredible. Yeah. How? What's... because there's not enough air in them?
 Well, there's the same number of air molecules if you just take one lungful and then you dive down, but the water pressure on them is much higher, meaning that you're lung strength.
 So if you're at sea level, all the air above you, if you imagine a column of air stretching all the way up to the edge of the atmosphere, one square inch of that column would weigh 14.7 pounds. Right?
 So we say the pressure at sea level is 14 pounds per square inch, 14.7 pounds.
 It is amazing actually to think all of that air pushing down on you whenever you're walking down the street.
 Yeah. We're all superhumanly strong. Well, we're all humanly strong. But in the sea, to get another 14.7 pounds pressing down on you, you only have to go down 10 meters. Right?
 So that depth, if you had a balloon full of gas and you pulled it 10 meters underwater, 33 feet, it would be half the size because there are two atmospheres of pressure.
 So the same thing is happening to your lungs when you go underwater. And if you go three times that if you go 30 meters down, you would have to have four times as many gas molecules in your lungs to fill them to their original size.
 Now, it doesn't apply if you have, if you're breathing pressurized air, right? So scuba divers, they breathe in air, which is at a much higher pressure than normal air.
 So you're breathing in a higher number of molecules, four times as many gas molecules at that depth. So their lungs are the same. Yeah. So you're doing about free diving and you're talking about, yeah.
 When you get to about 300 feet under the surface of the water, there was a guy in 1996 who was called Francesco Ferras Rodriguez, his chest shrunk from a size 50 inches to 20.
 So what we're saying is, if you need to get a fit of a suit, don't get fitted 430 feet under the water.
 Unless you're planning to wear that suit.
 So I was when you said this fact about the lungs, which is extraordinary, the idea that it can shrink down to that size.
 I started reading into, so James Nestor, I read this article by him, he wrote this book called Free Diving.
 So he talks a lot about this thing that they've been studying for about 50 years, which is called the master switch of life. That's the term for it.
 The idea is that when we go into the water, we slowly start turning into water-based animals, the deeper we go, as in our body adapts to in the way.
 So if you stay underwater for long enough, you turn into a fish. Yeah, basically. Yeah, yeah, yeah. So there's really fascinating things. So when you start diving down, you have to paddle down because gravity is trying to do a buoyancy thing of sending you back up.
 So you have to go down. As soon as you get to 40 feet, then the gravity shifts and it starts pulling you down. So free divers then just put their hands by their sides and they allow themselves to be pulled down because you need to save every single bit of oxygen that you have inside your body.
 And your heart rate goes down to something, some people, like this is very rare, but some people seven beats a minute. That's how much your body just relaxes into a different state.
 Is it called the cold water reflex or the dive reflex? Yeah, the mammalian dive reflex. Yeah, that's this master switch of life. That's the other term for it.
 But it happens as soon as you touch water. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So when you, I have a theory now that when you splash your face with cold water, the reason it can snap you out of like a panic attack or being anxious is because actually it gives you the dive reflex, which immediately slows your heart rate down.
 And it hugely slows it, doesn't it? So there was an experiment where people had to exercise to like synchronize something on the bottom of a deep pool or something and you know, it really doesn't increase at all in the same way that it would above water.
 But I don't think we know how it is that they've been, yeah, they've been, they've been researching someone wrote that free diving is the only sport in which the lung shrink and the heart slows down every other sport there is.
 Talking of heart slowing down, have we ever mentioned the guy that got in touch with us? No, no, we haven't. No, a guy emailed us called Martin Brady, email the podcast email address a few weeks ago.
 And he just sent me an email saying, I thought you might like to know that the world record for the lowest resting heartbeat is 27 beats a minute.
 And it's held by someone called Martin Brady and the condition of having a low heart rate is Brady Cardier and the two are completely unrelated. So he's called Martin Brady and the condition is Brady Cardier, weird coincidence, really cool fact.
 And I looked at his email address and replied, I was like, are you Martin Brady? He's like, yes, I am. So yeah, the guy with the Guinness World Record for the lowest heartbeat has been in touch.
 So that'll be the lowest resting heartbeat. Lowest resting. So this guy who goes in the water who can go down to seven beats a minute is slightly different. Yes, yeah, have you guys heard of the Aquaman crystal? No, this is new scientific.
 Because it sounds like it's from the Fantastic Four or something. No, it's real. This is real. So I don't fully understand it, but these are, and they're in prototype stage for the moment.
 They're crystals that absorb oxygen. They allow the idea is that they would allow you eventually if we can work out how to use them. Have you? Okay. So yeah, so they do what they take in the oxygen around them.
 So in a room they can suck it. They can absorb all the oxygen into them. So if you were able to take it down into the ocean, you wouldn't need the tank anymore.
 You'd be able just to breathe in through these crystals. But if you're a supervillain for instance, then you could get some of these crystals, put them in a room and it'll just suck all the oxygen out and then you kill everyone in the room.
 Oh, wow. That is a damn brown novel waiting to be written. I think I know people who have been using these for years, because whenever you're talking to them, it really feels like all the air has been sucked out of the food.
 Why are you looking at me?
 Can I ask you a question about lungs? Yeah, ask me. I'll know. I think you will know. There have been a couple of news reports over the last few years about people having plants grow in their lungs.
 So there was a guy who inhaled a fir tree seed and a fir tree started to grow in his lungs. And there was someone else who inhaled a pea seed and I think a pea plant started to grow in his lungs.
 Now a study was done, which said or a report was released, which said it is not possible for any plant to grow inside someone's lungs. It needs light, etc.
 But nothing has explained to me how these people I've seen x-rays of their lungs.
 I don't agree with the second thing that you said, because if you have plants in the ground, they don't have the light.
 Yeah. So just for them to germinate, they wouldn't need the light.
 Yeah. And I assume that's what's happened. I think the like fir tree inside his lungs, it's not like a massive Christmas tree. It's just like a germination of their seeds.
 Although they did say the pain was caused by the little fir tree needles poking into his arteries.
 And the bobbles.
 The angel on top really caused a choking hazard.
 Imagine if one day he just found a bit of tinsel at the corner of his mouth. Start pulling on it.
 I'd rather it come out of your mouth, I think.
 Also, in underwater news, there's someone called Jim Dyke, Jr, who's testing out a new theory that you can actually age wine much better by dropping it to the bottom of or it's certainly quite deep into a notion.
 Is that it takes so long to retrieve that it's quite a lot older.
 Well, so he was inspired by there was quite a few stories of shipwrecks coming up with all sorts of alcohols, champagne being one of them and they all tasted really good and he has a theory that the aging process through being underwater will actually be much more efficient and much better.
 So it's an ongoing new theory.
 It's going to be unbelievably inconvenient when majestic wine is stationed on the bottom of the ocean.
 I was actually just passing by to get my suit fitted, but I suppose I'll get some wine while I'm here.
 One of the long thing, do you guys remember the story of a doctor called Angus Wallace in the 1990s who was on an airplane and did an amazing thing?
 There are my clues.
 Oh, Traciotomy with the Biro.
 Yeah, I'll be my co-hanger.
 A co-hanger, yes.
 Biro's not work.
 Do I know?
 No, there was a study about that.
 Well, they work for writing before the Biro industry gets onto this.
 They were never designed for Traciotomy.
 I think it would be that defendants.
 I try to bring down the Biro industry.
 You're attacking them in the wrong place.
 But just on that, there was a study done about Biro's for Traciotomies and they reckon that they're just kind of the wrong shape and they just wouldn't quite work.
 Oh, really?
 It wasn't actually quite a Traciotomy.
 I don't think on the plane, but it is the most incredible story.
 So this is one of the surgeons Angus Wallace treated Wayne Rooney at the World Cup 2006.
 And 10 years earlier, he'd been on a flight and a girl complained of chest pain and said she'd fallen off her bike and it turned out she'd been in a big motorbike accident.
 And he realized that she had a collapsed lung.
 And so they had to get a catheter up into her lung to stop it from completely caving inwards.
 And the way the only catheter they had in their medical equipment was too floppy because it was for a different part of the body.
 And so we got a co-hanger into the catheter to stiffen it up.
 And then he fashioned a one-way valve by prodding holes into the lid of an Evian bottle.
 And he used a bit of an oxygen mask tubing, I think, to thread it up there.
 And this was one of the blue pizza presents.
 Is this some Magyber?
 Yes.
 Wow.
 Post-curve you. So non-blue pizza, he had to sterilise all the equipment with first-class cognac.
 Even though it turned out they did have alcohol wipes in the first aid kit.
 He said afterwards he didn't have time to check.
 And then his associate held her chest open with a knife and four.
 Well, he inserted the catheter.
 Oh my god.
 Plastic knives and forks.
 I think one of the plastics, yeah.
 Oh, this was the 90s, so maybe they were still allowed metal there.
 Yeah.
 But then this explains why Wayne Rooney's always injured because he's held together with sticky plastic.
 He held together with, yeah.
 That's the magic of co-hanger.
 And did she make a recovery?
 He said it took about ten minutes and then she passed the rest of the flight,
 uneventfully, easing and watching in flight entertainment.
 What?
 But the person next to her had nowhere to hang his coat.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Chuzinski.
 My fact this week is that online shopping was predicted in 1857.
 Yeah.
 Amazing.
 Yeah.
 So this is quite a prediction.
 So how close is it to modern day online shopping?
 Or is it just like, you know, they predicted shopping.
 Yeah.
 I've added online to make it sound better.
 Well, I think it's quite close.
 So this is an essay that was written in a magazine called The Leisure Hour in 1857.
 And I read it on a website called publicdomainreview.org,
 which is my favourite place on the whole internet.
 It's incredible.
 Everyone go to it.
 But yeah, the thing that's going to be predicted was that in every district,
 shops would have electric wires that branched off in all directions away from them
 that would be attached to all the houses in the area.
 And when, well, he says, no sooner did a housekeeper stand in need of any article,
 she could dispatch the order instantly along the wire.
 So just press a little button along the wire.
 And the shop would receive that message and receive the news of what she wanted.
 And then the very first railway carriage that was passing
 would be able to drop off the item on its way.
 It's amazing.
 That's pretty cool.
 I read the essay and there are a lot of other predictions in it as well.
 So he predicts that the river Thames will be completely clear and full of fish.
 Not quite.
 Well, I bet it's a lot more full of fish than it was in those days.
 True.
 He also predicts that there would be 20 new bridges across the Thames
 between 1857 and 1957.
 And how many?
 I counted. There were 26.
 Not bad.
 Pretty close.
 Yeah, no one will be wearing hats or bonnets anymore in 1957.
 That one wasn't quite on because hats were still pretty big then.
 Well, though he'd said that they'd just be replaced.
 I got excited by that because I thought, well done.
 You've finally seen the idiocy of the fact that everyone wore a hat until about 1950.
 But then he said they'll just be replaced by a slightly easier head garment,
 less showy head garment.
 Why didn't people realise you don't need to wear a head garment at all?
 Well, if you want to keep your head warm.
 If they're not necessary now, they won't then, James.
 Take your hats off inside, anyway.
 Well, you and I've got on very well in stockpot in the early 20th century
 where anyone walking around without a hat would get stones thrown at them.
 Really?
 Because it was a big hatting area.
 This happened, I think, in Luton as well.
 These were two big hatting areas and it was just seem to be your local duty to always wear a hat.
 And if you didn't, people would just abuse you.
 Really?
 I actually didn't think I would have gone down very well in stockpot in the early 20th century anyway.
 Isn't Luton now got a big Volkswagen factory?
 It's got an airport.
 It's got an airport.
 So we're not walking around nothing to play these days.
 It's got stones thrown at them.
 It's terrible.
 I was looking into predictions from around roughly the same period.
 I found a nice one that was from 1900 and it was a sort of a hundred-year prediction as well.
 And I think it's actually quite a famous one.
 This is, this is went around the internet quite a lot.
 John Elfroth Watkins.
 So there are a few interesting predictions there.
 One, my favorite one, he thought that Americans would be taller by one to two inches.
 That's quite exciting, which is probably true-ish.
 More than that, I reckon.
 Yeah, right.
 But my favorite one is the one that he got wrong, which is he thought in a hundred years' time,
 there would be no more CX or Q in the everyday alphabet.
 He just thought that would go that we didn't need them.
 Sentable, we don't.
 What do we do?
 What do we need to see for that you can't use a K or an S?
 Nothing.
 Oh, I see.
 Right.
 We need an X for that you can't use a K and an S for.
 Okay, but the word "quicks" or "sake" would really suffer.
 So that's for all.
 Yeah, you're right.
 That's going to have to go, I'm afraid.
 He also predicted ready-cooked meals, but he then thought they'd be delivered through
 pneumatic tubes from the shops to people's homes.
 Oh, okay.
 Who's to say that we won't have that in the future?
 Well, fingers crossed.
 Right.
 I saw an article in the Summit County Journal from 1909 that got posted on QI.com
 by a guy called Mort.
 And I'll just read a little bit out to you if it's okay.
 100 years from now, if you want to avoid the rush and do your Christmas shopping in your own apartments,
 the scientists will probably have provided for you a telescope.
 And the idea is that you'll be able to see the toy department from your house.
 What?
 So you look through the telescope and then using a telephone, you'll be able to get in touch with the
 truck and tell them what you want from your house.
 No, not that one.
 No, the one behind it.
 Well, he said, does everyone have to live directly opposite the toy shop?
 Well, he almost predicted last year's John Lewis advert.
 Yeah.
 So just on predictions, have you heard of Effie Smith?
 No.
 He was an amazing guy.
 He was the first Earl of Birkenhead.
 He was alive in the late 19th, early 20th century.
 He was Winston Churchill's best friend.
 He had an enormous brain.
 And in 1930, he made another 100 years from now, predictions.
 So this is 2030, he's talking about.
 Okay.
 So he's got time for some of these to come to you.
 Yeah.
 But I think a lot of them may not.
 So some of them, he gets absolutely right.
 But he says that play ownership will be common.
 Like, lots of people will just have their own play and it'll be very, very normal.
 Yeah.
 Have you not got one?
 No.
 Also, he says that people will be living into the 120's.
 And that'll be a massive problem for people because how will youths of 20 be able to compete
 in the professions or business against vigorous men still in their prime at 120
 with a century of experience on which to draw.
 That's not a really good point.
 But just going back to the error playing thing,
 a lot of people think we'll have flying cars by then.
 Right.
 Fair play.
 Yes.
 Well, he also predicts that everyone will be so wealthy and affluent that we will all be able to go fox hunting all the time.
 Again, don't you?
 I do it in my brain.
 Sure.
 And this is a thing he was really, really far ahead of his time.
 He saw early TV and he wanted TV to allow us to vote in the same way that the ancient Greek sort of vote.
 And you'd have a referendum over the course of an evening, basically, electronically.
 So he predicted what are all those programmes of Simon Cowell?
 Yeah, a predicted ex-factor.
 Thank you.
 Yeah.
 He also predicted that it should have come true, but hasn't, that men would only have two outfits by 2030.
 Which would save a lot of time.
 Because you'd have your casual outfit and then your non-cashel outfit.
 You'd have your one for normal sea level and then one for a hundred metres below.
 Something else that a guy called Jules Bois predicted in 1909 was a flying bicycle.
 Did he call it a flysicle?
 He wasn't smart enough for that.
 I mean, the guy was a moron.
 He was a flying bicycle.
 All the film ET.
 Oh, yeah.
 So you can relate it to every...
 Yeah, basically, I can predict anything I like.
 And in a hundred years I'd just say, oh, yeah, it was that.
 That's what I meant.
 You almost understood.
 Communicating with each other's brains is something that I think most futurologists say is the most likely thing to happen.
 I was reading an article about two futurologists said that's 100% chance within a hundred years.
 Or I think they said by 2050.
 So we won't have to have this podcast at all out loud.
 There'll be no use for our mouths.
 No use for our mouths.
 No use for our mouths.
 No use for our mouths.
 People, how are we going to eat?
 No, no.
 That'll be through the brain as well.
 Like an octopus.
 People will use their mouths to keep loose chain and other small items.
 Would you transfer the visuals or would it just be the words?
 Let's say you're picturing your house.
 You're like, oh, are you still...
 Am I just hearing you say, are you still living this house?
 Or can I see...
 Great question.
 I don't know, ask the futurologist.
 I don't imagine that.
 It will start off just maybe being words and then it will move on to images.
 And then it will move on to 3D images.
 I'll give you a word that's in someone's brain.
 If I'm thinking the word octopus now...
 Octopus now.
 That's amazing.
 Octopus now, great movie.
 I can't imagine the dystopia that will live in though
 if everything you think everyone will automatically hear.
 That is, I'm going to kill myself.
 Imagine if we all knew what each other was thinking right now.
 Wow, it's not a world I want to live in.
 No.
 I don't even like hearing this stuff you guys say.
 Yeah, you definitely don't want to be the one where you know what we think, Andy.
 Okay, it is time for our next fact and that is Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the word pants
 comes from the Greek word for old compassionate.
 This is great.
 Yeah, my pants are very thoughtful.
 In the future, we're living a world where everyone's pants are awful.
 They just write you nice messages, send them upwards.
 This is a bit of an etymological merry-go-round.
 So the word pants comes from the word pantalon,
 which came from a character in the Italian comedia del arte called pantelone.
 And he had extremely tight trousers,
 which is where the word pants became to mean trousers.
 And pantelone's name comes from the Greek word meaning old compassionate.
 There you go.
 Like a pan as in everything, right?
 Yeah, exactly.
 And pantelone or pantelone was a saint, wasn't he?
 I think as well.
 And that's why he was called that in the comedia del arte.
 He was the patron saint of pants.
 Venice.
 He was a patron saint of Venice.
 So I think around the 16th century,
 Venetians were referred to as pantelones or pantelions.
 Wow.
 So a pair of pantelones in those days just meant two guys from Venice.
 Yeah, exactly.
 A pair of pants.
 My Italian mates.
 That's cool.
 So the merchant from Venice would just be a pant.
 Yeah.
 A merchant of pants.
 It's a whole different story.
 So what is the comedia del arte theatre thing that this comes from?
 So this is like a Renaissance type of art.
 It was an old play and a lot of the modern day kind of art comes from there.
 So clowns come from there.
 The Harlequin was one of the characters in the modern day clown comes from that.
 Punch and punch and duty probably comes from there as well.
 Scaramousse.
 Scaramousse.
 Of queen fame.
 It's a character from the comedia del arte, isn't he?
 That's right.
 So Andy, you wouldn't exist without it in your current guys.
 Which would be really for many parents met at a comedia del arte reunion.
 No, what do you mean?
 It was originally called the comedia del improviser because it was turning improvisation into another.
 And so people who are professional actors would do comedia del arte would do this improvised thing.
 So they'd be these characters like Scaramousse or like pantalione.
 But they would make up according to their character in each different performance.
 So you could promise that every performance would be different.
 But equally tedious.
 That is just modern improv.
 Did people do that?
 Should we just say that Andy is in a very successful improv troupe called ostentatious,
 which you should definitely check out.
 And they are extremely funny.
 Yeah.
 And the other side.
 Six out of the seven members are winners.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, it was what professional actors would do.
 So amateur actors would be given plays that they would just memorize and then they recite them.
 But proper professional actors would be the ones who were allowed to do this improvised improv.
 Oh, to live in a world where improvisers got the kudos of actors.
 It is totally unbelievable.
 So I think that trousers or pants were invented because King George the Fourth was so fat.
 Really?
 Do you reckon?
 Wait, underpants or trousers?
 Oh no, so this has been a matter of contention in this office hasn't it?
 So I'm talking about pants, which are trousers to us.
 So you're talking about how people used to wear bridges rather than trousers, is that right?
 Yes.
 So people wore breaches or breaches.
 And then trousers started being worn around the turn of the 19th century.
 And this is at the time when George the Fourth was about to take the throne and he was massively fat.
 So his favorite breakfast apparently was two roast pigeons, three beef steaks, a bottle of white wine,
 a glass of champagne, two glasses of port and a glass of brandy.
 But that was just breakfast.
 He was fat and drunk.
 Yeah, I was just breakfast.
 Favorite breakfast.
 You don't have your favorite every day.
 You might have that a few times a week.
 It's like you don't have crunchy.coflakes every minute.
 Exactly.
 It's when he was treating himself.
 So he was gigantic and he found that this new trousers that people were wearing or pantaloons
 people were wearing were a bit more stretchy, had a little bit more give for the 28 stone man.
 And so he started wearing them and then it sort of took off from there.
 Is it true that Duke of Wellington was once banned from a club for wearing trousers?
 Like he tried to go in there somewhere in London and they wouldn't let him in because he was wearing trousers.
 Oh, I remember that story.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Were you not allowed trousers?
 No, because everyone, well, bridges rather than trousers and they were just seen as like this.
 It's like wearing a shell suit.
 Well, the ancient Romans said that trousers was the mark of a barbarian people.
 Did they?
 Yeah, because trousers go way back as sort of proto trousers if you like.
 Your trousers.
 So they was definitely BC and it's really interesting.
 They basically were developed in societies which did a lot of horse riding.
 Because it's much easier to ride a horse wearing trousers than it is wearing a robe.
 Yes, yeah.
 I was reading about a bunch of different interesting underpants that are out there on the market at the moment.
 This one's not actually on the market. I don't think quite just yet, but it should be.
 These are wedgie proof underpants.
 So these are four school children designed by school children, the two boys who used to get wedgie to lot.
 So they invented the Ripperway 1000 and it was a Velcro pair of boxers.
 So you would sort of just come off if somebody starts giving away.
 I mean, that is in a way less good than just having, because at least with the wedgie you know you still got your pants.
 I mean, you know more than you ever knew before.
 Yeah, that's true, that's true.
 But Kudos for them developing something new.
 Yeah.
 Well done for being a bit imaginative.
 Strikers have Velcro trousers, don't they?
 Do they?
 Oh, Strikers.
 Stripers.
 Yeah, but Strikers as well as boarding events.
 They probably get them from the same place.
 Maybe.
 I think a lot of them develop their own because you have to get out of your clothes really quickly.
 You can't hang around if you're a Striker undoing your buttons and stuff.
 You have to go for it.
 You have to get them all off in a few seconds and then you're away.
 I agree with you, Anna, that they probably get them from the same place because it'd be a bit weird to have a shop which sold this kind of thing.
 But you only sold it to either Strikers.
 Oh, Strikers.
 No Strikers.
 Yeah.
 I was looking also into the most expensive underwear.
 So, wife fronts.
 They actually, they're a really interesting sort of golden ones that you can buy.
 So, then I thought, okay, so that's, that's wife fronts.
 I'm going to look into boxers and see what the most expensive are.
 And I read the wrong list.
 The most expensive boxers, Floyd Mayweather.
 But that's interesting to know as well.
 There was a pair that was sold.
 These are historical pants.
 So, they're a bit different.
 But there was a pair sold quite recently for £10,500.
 Any guesses?
 Nipponins.
 Not right era.
 Queen Victoria's.
 And they dated, they dated the rough age of the pants by the waistline.
 Because they have a good photographic evidence of when Queen Victoria was what size?
 These are 45 inches at the waist.
 So, they know roughly what year it's from.
 That is so rough, isn't it?
 I mean, she was very big for about 20 years.
 She could have been 400 metres on the water.
 She was, her girth was bigger than her height, wasn't it, by the end of her life?
 That's true.
 And I think those pants reflected that.
 Yeah.
 But the report on them said that they were sold to an English woman who was a private collector
 and did not want to be identified.
 But she assumed the pants would remain in England.
 That's good.
 Sometimes you have to buy a piece of art for the nation, don't you?
 We really do.
 We're all very grateful to that person.
 I read a very good story in 14 times.
 The latest edition of 14 times.
 The headline being squatting in skinny jeans is dangerous.
 So, if you squat in skinny jeans, it can actually cut off all of your circulation of blood.
 Oh, right.
 Yeah, cut off your...
 So, a lady, a doctor's issue to warning after a 35-year-old woman was found lying in an Adelaide street in Australia,
 unable to stand after spending hours emptying cupboards and lifting boxes.
 Her calves were so swollen, they had to cut her out of her skinny jeans.
 It sounds like she had the wrong idea of her own size.
 I think she might have been one of those people who's buying a couple of sizes too small.
 Well, you do with skinny jeans because they often stretch.
 You can get those jeggings.
 Do you?
 Well, you buy jeans the too small for you.
 Yeah, slightly.
 I did wonder why you looked like that every morning.
 While we're in Australia, I read an article about the most popular terms for underwear in Australia.
 Oh, yeah.
 But I thought, do you want to have a quick game?
 Let's see if this works.
 I'm just going to have a quick game of Australian words for underwear or Australian words for animals.
 Okay, amazing.
 Okay, I'll read it out and you have to say whether it's an underwear or an animal.
 Poppies.
 Animal.
 Animal.
 Underwear.
 Underwear.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Fudge amulges.
 Animal.
 Underwear.
 Oh, Annie, you are so good at this game.
 Underwear.
 Yeah, smashing it.
 Brawgers.
 Animals.
 I'm just waiting to see what Anna says.
 Animals.
 Underwear.
 It's an animal.
 It's a type of crane.
 Three out of three.
 And yabbies.
 Underwear.
 Animal.
 Animal.
 Yeah, Dan, you knew that.
 I knew that one, yeah.
 It's a type of inland crayfish.
 Yes.
 Oh, yeah.
 And that's the end of animal art pants.
 Can we put a theme tune in that afterwards?
 Definitely.
 Right.
 Animal art pants.
 You used to be able to get paper pants in news agents.
 Did you?
 Yeah.
 With the news on it?
 No.
 Sorry.
 I just mean normal paper.
 I don't mean newspaper.
 Right.
 Was it for if you'd lost your pants or if you'd wet your pants?
 Thanks.
 Okay.
 Because you know when you arrive at an airport on a holiday and your suitcase doesn't turn
 up, then you get given paper pants by the airport.
 I've had that.
 I lived in paper pants for about five days.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 On my gap.
 Wow.
 Five days.
 Was it the same path?
 I think they gave me two or three.
 I don't think they gave me enough of the number of days I had to wear them.
 Wow.
 If you've had to get paper pants because you've wet your initial pants, papers are not the
 best material for someone who has a track record.
 I think you would go commando in that situation and the word go commando comes from.
 Commandos in the army don't wear pants.
 No, it's not that.
 It's just always being ready and it's like us.
 I think it's a sexual thing.
 Like you're always ready because you're not wearing pants.
 So the commando's are always ready.
 So the commando's always ready and if you don't wear pants, you're always ready for sexual
 action.
 It's not necessarily true.
 It's not true.
 And I can attest to that.
 I like these as sexual action.
 Most women didn't wear pants until the 19th century, did they?
 They not.
 They went commando for many hundreds of years.
 No.
 For a reason or...
 Well, they were pants.
 They wanted to be always ready for sexual action apparently.
 It was actually pants were frowned upon really in women before that and were very rare and
 were thought to be mainly for sort of quarters ans and such like.
 And I think bras were worn before pants mostly or bras were popularly worn before pants.
 Wow.
 I found out a fact about cod pieces which is that they used to be used as pockets or not
 badly.
 There is a paper online which examines the evidence for and against it but it's not publicly
 available.
 So I haven't been able to get hold of it yet but some people say it probably didn't happen
 and other people say yes definitely people kept coins and other little odds and ends in
 the cod pieces.
 From one of the arm resect experts at the Tower of London told me that.
 That's a pretty good source.
 Yeah.
 A cod piece goes over everything else right?
 Yeah.
 So that's fine outside.
 Well that makes a lot of sense.
 Yeah that's a pouch.
 That's the pre pouch.
 But you'd be a bit worried if you saw someone next to the theatre you saw them rummaging
 around down there and they said oh no it's just my cod piece I'm just getting out some
 money for an ice cream or something.
 Yeah.
 Is it like a sporon?
 There isn't it?
 People rummaged around in their sporons all the time.
 It's not always.
 But sporons aren't shaped like penises.
 That's the other thing I think.
 That's a good point.
 I thought they look a bit like surgical masks more than anything.
 What?
 Are they sort of just like a...
 What?
 So that's also what pedises look like, isn't it?
 Yeah they're green and they're made of cloth and surgeons wear them on their faces.
 Yeah.
 No.
 What?
 Wait so you're saying it's shaped like?
 I'm saying that you can get copies which are little sort of like they look like lumps
 basically.
 They're like all my friends.
 Exactly.
 Yeah they look like a sour's mask.
 Like it's just like a...
 So when you had your appendix out, did you say to the surgeon who you take that copies
 of your face?
 I can't concentrate.
 It's pretty money in there, I want a nice grip.
 Okay, time for a final factor show and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that all new emojis are approved by one 63 year old man.
 That's so good.
 Yeah, so this is a world of the internet that I didn't know existed.
 I've never thought where do emojis come from.
 I had no idea.
 It turns out that there's a big council that get together and they approve on what the new
 emojis are going to be that we have out in the world.
 And the reason for that is obviously something I hadn't thought of as well.
 That you need to have codes that are working on any kind of gadget, be it Facebook to an iPhone
 to a galaxy sams and whatever your phone is, they all need to have the same code.
 So basically it's this big group that get together.
 They're all volunteers from big companies like Google and Facebook and so on.
 And they all vote on what they think should be a new emoji.
 So it's headed up by one guy who was the co-founder and he is the president called Mark Davis
 and his daughter and many people online call him the shadowy emoji overlord.
 She made him a shirt so that he wears that around whenever he does conferences.
 But he effectively has high command on the approval of these emojis.
 My legie we must have a flaming poo.
 It's amazing.
 So Unicode is not in and of itself a very sexy thing.
 It's just sort of ensuring that computers can talk to each other and that characters mean
 the same thing in different code.
 And it's only really become this really fun, crazy thing since the rise of the emoji is
 very peculiar.
 But they've been going since the, since well before emojis.
 I think you've, did you say that it's called the Unicode Consortium?
 No, I hadn't.
 And they release about 7,000 characters a year but only about 70 of those are emojis.
 The rest is for language.
 It's how you get Chinese and how do you get any Arabic, you know, like all the languages.
 So that's what they focus on.
 So there's 17 new emojis every year?
 Roughly, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So currently there's via these guys, there are 1,624 and this is from an article that appeared
 a few months ago.
 So there will be new ones approved.
 And some people come in with really high hopes.
 I was reading an article which kind of, most of my researchers come from actually, Liyat
 Baudugo wrote this article called two days with the shadowy emoji overlords.
 And she said that there would be people coming with ideas and hoping to get these 10 new food
 based emojis approved by them and it wasn't looking so good and would it happen?
 Wow.
 Do you know, have you read the list of the emojis that are up for approval at the moment?
 No.
 I want to hear them.
 They're actually not as exciting in hilarious as I hoped.
 So a few that were approved last year were the cheese wedge, the middle finger, a mosque,
 a synagogue and a clown face, which I think is quite a nice reflection of our global society.
 Yeah.
 And we want some that are up for approval, which will come in to force next year and approved
 include avocado, a scooter, a canoe, the modern pentathlon.
 Wow.
 How does that work?
 It's a lot of very intricate little characters.
 A shallow pan of food, a rhino, Mrs. Claus and a selfie.
 I don't think we need an emoji for Mrs. Claus.
 Do we?
 Oh, every day sexism.
 Oh, sorry.
 Oh, I'm guilty of it.
 Yeah.
 Apparently they've become quite political though, which makes sense.
 So there was controversy about the emission of tacos and burritos from emojis because they
 come from Japan originally.
 So they were quite heavy on--
 Sorry.
 Emojis.
 Rather than tacos.
 Sorry.
 Burritos are not from Japan.
 Emojis came from Japan originally.
 So they were quite heavy on Japanese food.
 And then obviously they involve lots of Western foods now.
 And then it was realized that there weren't very many Mexican foods involved.
 So now there are tacos and burritos.
 But someone pointed out that there are hardly any African foods.
 So you haven't got an ingera emoji or a goat curry emoji, which is what they're all very
 worried about and is in barbed-weight at the moment, I think.
 Yeah, really.
 So here's the thing.
 Anyone can be a part of this group and vote on the new emojis.
 Right.
 Anyone can do it.
 Well, you can sign up.
 You've got to just apply.
 The one full thing is that you need to become a member, properly, to do it for the vote itself.
 And that's $18,000 is American.
 A very sad face.
 But so as a result, it is the big company's Apple, Facebook, IBM.
 And then also, odd ones like the Ministry of Endowment and Religious Affairs of the Sultanate
 of Eman, they're also a part of deciding on emojis.
 That's nice.
 Yeah.
 Good.
 And the rules are, you're not allowed to have anyone who's alive, like Justin Bieber.
 But if someone like Kim Kardashian has invented her own range of emojis, which she has, and
 lots of celebrities are inventing their own ranges, are those not official?
 They're not through this.
 They're not through this group.
 I see.
 So that's just something that--
 And they're not going to be working on every platform I'm guessing.
 Sure.
 Because there is a very exciting-- there's a range of Kim Jong-un emojis, which you can
 send people.
 Is there?
 Yeah, really?
 I was released in response to the Kardashian month, pointing out, this is not the only
 famous Kim on the planet, it's another Kim who's just as cheeky and just as determined
 to break the internet, although in his case it's by dropping bombs on the internet.
 Just on Kim Jong-un, very quickly, did you guys see it's going around on Twitter today?
 There's a lady who's published a photo of her two kneecaps.
 One looks like Kim Jong-un, and the other looks like James Corden, and they do.
 They do.
 They look exactly like--
 Really?
 Yeah, it's hilarious.
 Can you not think?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 The James Corden.
 You have James has face blindness, actually.
 So you wouldn't have been able to recognize James Corden.
 That's true.
 I don't have knee blindness.
 So Finland, apparently, is the first country to create emojis out of national symbols.
 There are three, and I bet you can guess them all.
 Herring.
 No.
 Sona?
 Yes.
 A naked couple sitting in a sauna is one of them.
 Oh, a Nokia.
 Yep, Nokia 3310, and the third one is--
 No.
 The flag of Finland.
 No.
 Because that's--
 A kind of fish.
 No, it's a headbanger making a devil haunt sign with his fingers.
 Cool.
 Nice.
 Apparently, as a sign of Finland.
 See, I would not know that.
 That's taught me more about the country of Finland than I actually already know.
 That's true.
 Well, this is emojis becoming the new language as we are constantly told before they come again.
 Have you seen that Moby Dick has been translated into emojis?
 Oh, wow.
 What an emoji dick.
 Emoji dick is what it's called.
 Oh, wow.
 So it begins.
 Now, instead of call me Ishmael, it begins telephone man with Mr. Yacht Whale.
 Okay, sign.
 And I'm halfway through, and it is gripping.
 That sounds great.
 That's a really fun idea.
 I think that sounds awesome.
 I don't think anyone will ever read it.
 I know, but the act of it is just cool to know that that exists.
 I read a list on-- have you guys ever read The Daily Wire?
 No.
 No.
 Because I didn't realize what it was.
 It's actually a very right-wing publication.
 I didn't realize when I opened it.
 So I was looking at ridiculous emojis, and so I saw the heading.
 A list of ridiculous emojis, so I clicked on the article.
 The full title is a list of ridiculous emojis, forced down your throat to help push the
 left's agenda.
 And it's about-- it's just an article really against the climate change emoji.
 They're very angry about that.
 Very upset about the gay marriage emoji, very upset about the safe sex emoji.
 It was a really disappointing article.
 What's the climate change emoji?
 What do you look like?
 I'm not sure if it's actually--
 It's a lot of information to get into this.
 It's comparing pretty much the largest, most complicated system on the entire planet,
 and compressing that into a few pixels.
 That's a tough emoji.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I guess it's just like sunshine, sunshine, sad face.
 Oh, machine.
 So we should--
 [LAUGHTER]
 And that is why you are not on the board emoji designers.
 So there is a thing.
 So Apple and Samsung will have a different poo emoji, although there is an emoji for pile
 of feces.
 They pick how to design it, right?
 So the Apple one has a face on it, right?
 But the Microsoft one doesn't smile, and it doesn't have a face.
 It is just because the code for it in unicode is just pile of feces, right?
 Yeah.
 And someone wrote to Microsoft talking about this.
 Whereas Apple designed this like-- there's a Japanese thing called a lucky golden poo, which
 you could buy.
 And you've been able to buy that for years and years, and it's sort of lucky poo.
 So someone wrote to Microsoft and pointed out that the pile of feces emoji looks just like
 the soft scoop ice cream emoji, unfortunately.
 And Microsoft probably was saying, it is a little unfortunate that the pile ends up resembling
 soft serve.
 But we feel that people have specific intent when they use this emoji, and the risk of it
 being confused or misused as soft serve is very low.
 So the way you distinguish between ice cream and poo, if you're with an Apple product, is
 the poo is the one with the face on it, yeah?
 Whereas the way you distinguish between the two, if both are in Microsoft, is the ice cream
 is the one with a cone.
 Can I tell you something that I think you'll really like, Dan?
 I was looking into smiley faces, because the smiley face emoji is probably the most famous.
 And there is a smiley face under Stonehenge.
 What?
 I think this might be the oldest known smiley face.
 So they did what was the largest ever geophysical study a couple of years ago, analyzing the Earth
 below Stonehenge.
 They did this survey, and they've revealed all these pits in different shapes under Stonehenge,
 which were made at the same time, so they're from about 2500 to 3000 BC.
 And one of the shapes is a very distinct smiley face, with the round circle over the head,
 and then the grin for the smile, and then the two dots for the nose.
 Really?
 So that lend support to the theory that it was an early cent of for rave culture.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over
 the course of this podcast, you can get us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy, @AndruhunterM, James @egshaped, Chazinsky.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, where you can go to nosuchthing as a fish.com, that's our website.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 You can also go to our group, Twitter account, which is @QIPodcast, and we all use that.
 We'll answer your questions if you have any.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [Music]
