 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast this week
 coming to you live from Paul.
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here
 with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again,
 we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is James.
 - My fact this week is that tardy grades
 can survive being shot out of a gun,
 but they're a bit groggy afterwards.
 - Tardy grades.
 - Tardy grades, yes.
 Tiny little things, not quite microscopic,
 you can see them if you look really, really carefully,
 but very, very small little things.
 Living in all over the world,
 probably some in your garden,
 probably some on this stage, no, they're not on this stage.
 They live in like moss and in bits of grass
 and stuff like that.
 They're really, really strong, powerful things.
 You can't kill them.
 Virtually nothing will kill them.
 - They're not powerful, like they can't put a lorry.
 They're not going to be able to give you a piggyback.
 - If you go enough of them, I reckon, what do you reckon?
 - I think it's enough of anything, you can put a lorry.
 - We don't need them to put a lorry,
 we just need them to drive a lorry.
 (laughing)
 - Apparently scientists, I read,
 can't work out a scenario in which they would go extinct
 prior to the actual explosion of the sun, basically.
 Like the end--
 - Well the explosion of the sun might not kill them either.
 - What?
 - So basically they can survive in space,
 they can survive really, really hot temperatures,
 really, really cold temperatures,
 they can survive loads of radiation.
 If they get in trouble,
 they just kind of shut their bodies down
 and then kind of get rid of all the water
 and you put a bit of water back on them
 and they come back alive again.
 And what has happened is some of these tardigrades
 have been sent up into space onto the moon
 and they've crashed into the moon.
 And people are wondering maybe they're alive
 and maybe they're actually living there on the moon.
 And so these people,
 this was a woman called Alejandra Tresbas
 from Queen Mary University in London.
 She did this experiment to see if they might still be alive.
 And so what she did is she put them in a gun,
 shot them at a wall and saw how they were, basically.
 - Wow.
 - And they could survive impacts of up to a kilometer
 per second, that's 2,000 miles an hour,
 they could survive.
 And shot pressures of up to 1.14 gigapascals,
 which I know out of context doesn't really mean anything,
 but it's a lot, I promise you it's a lot.
 - So there's life in the universe now,
 outside of Earth, in theory.
 We haven't yet confirmed it, but we know.
 - Awesome.
 - If can I just check?
 Can I just ask how the groggyness exhibited itself?
 I think we need to address this.
 - Oh yeah, yeah.
 - Okay, yeah.
 So tardigrades are the smallest animal that have legs.
 They have these little legs that they crawl around with
 and they kind of have like a very specific gait
 and as they go quicker, they change the gait.
 But these ones, they kind of sort of staggered around
 a little bit when they kind of pull them back.
 But the problem with what you were saying, Dan,
 is the shot pressure that they've worked out
 that there would have been on the moon
 would have been greater than this 1.14 gigapascals.
 So we think that the ones on the moon
 probably are not alive.
 - Very disappointingly, yeah.
 So when scientists say we can't work out how to kill them,
 shoot them as the bullet of the gun.
 - We can work out how to,
 there are lots of ways you can kill them.
 - Yeah, you can just stamp on them.
 - Can you?
 - Yeah, they're actually really easy to kill.
 Okay, I'm here to give you the disappointing truth
 about tardigrades because they've ruled the internet
 is too long.
 A, there are plenty of ways to kill them.
 B, the whole, they can withstand massive temperatures.
 They actually just did an experiment
 where they realized they can't withstand temperatures
 for very long at all.
 And scientists now reckon that climate change
 is gonna kill them before it kills us.
 - No.
 - So the thing is, they can survive being boiled,
 but only if it happens quite quickly.
 And then they get back to a nice, normal temperature again.
 But they didn't experiment recently where--
 - It feels harsh that you're criticizing them
 for not being able to withstand indefinite boiling.
 I think it's impressive.
 If I boiled an egg and then a few minutes later
 it came out of the pan
 and it was still in its egg, raw egg state,
 I'd be impressed.
 - I turned it to a chicken.
 - Exactly.
 - I'm not demanding indefinite.
 I just think a couple of hours would be good.
 And they can't even survive, for instance,
 like above 37 degrees for 24 hours,
 half of tardigrades die,
 straight like within that amount of time.
 So, you know, any longer than that and then they all die.
 If you put them at 63 degrees,
 half of them are gone within like much shorter than that.
 And I think if you're in the 80s,
 then they don't last an hour.
 - Yeah.
 Oh, I see, sorry.
 - Not the 1980s. - The 1980s, yeah.
 - Amazing they made it through that decade.
 It was a horrible decade for them.
 - Oh, the music.
 - They are crushed by a Rubik's cube.
 I don't think they are shit.
 - What?
 - Well, I'm gonna stand up for tardigrades.
 - They do this thing, tardigrades do this thing.
 It's seeding the world on its own.
 So it can get picked up by the wind.
 It can get carried in the wind, land wherever,
 and then wherever it lands,
 it can just reproduce asexually.
 It doesn't need a partner.
 You could send it to the moon, just one,
 and it'll be like, that's cool, I'll set up a colony.
 Like it's a phenomenal little creature.
 - And the confusing thing about that,
 'cause there are obviously lots of organisms
 that can reproduce asexually,
 but it's quite confusing that they've managed
 to evolve successfully, right?
 Because asexual reproduction,
 it's supposed to be a bit of a disadvantage
 'cause you're only getting your own genes
 over and over again.
 You can't improve.
 - And so how have they managed to do this?
 - They have sex too.
 They do also have sex under normal circumstances
 if they can find another of the opposite sex.
 And it's a very romantic process actually.
 Tardigrade mating is very fascinating.
 So here we go.
 Step one.
 - You've already killed any set of robots.
 - Why don't you do it in like a Craig David style?
 What would you do on a Monday?
 - On a Monday, the female would shed her outer skin
 and lay her eggs inside it.
 - Keep talking to me.
 Yes.
 - Okay, on a Tuesday?
 - A Tuesday, the male would then arrive
 and get into position and then fertilize the eggs,
 which are--
 - Wait, wait, wait.
 That's making love on Thursday and Friday and Saturday.
 - Oh, Tuesday Wednesday is waiting.
 And then, when the male arrives,
 so the male basically fertilizes the female's eggs,
 which are outside her body,
 but they're still inside the shed exoskeleton
 that she has cast off.
 - But the thing about what she does with the skeleton
 is she doesn't get out of it.
 It's a bit like she takes--
 - No, she's still inside, she's--
 - Yeah, so she sheds it,
 but it's like taking your arms out of a coat,
 but keeping it around you.
 - It's like a much more disgusting version of doing that.
 - Yes.
 - Right, yeah.
 And then the male has sex with the coat is what we say.
 - Yes.
 (laughing)
 - Yes, exactly.
 - Wow.
 - The male has sex in between the coat and you.
 (laughing)
 - And then you just chill on Sunday, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - The good thing is, they do it to the face,
 but it ends up around the back.
 And this scientists don't understand
 how this works yet.
 - I don't understand what you're saying.
 - Right, so if you picture their sexual position,
 the male curls himself around the female's face.
 Okay, so his crotch is in her face.
 Her face is buried in his crotch.
 And then she does these weird sucking motions
 with her throat, which kind of stimulates.
 - Oh my God.
 - This genuinely happens, and it is quite romantic.
 - Mr. David, I think we're gonna need to rewrite
 us some of these lyrics.
 (laughing)
 - She doesn't see sucking motions.
 It's a full hour of foreplay.
 - Wow.
 - Kind of unbelievable for these tiny creatures.
 And then he ejaculates multiple times.
 Impressive, guys, take note.
 But then he ejaculates under the skin,
 but then her eggs come out the back, her cloaca.
 So we don't really know how the sperm
 is climbing all the way around to get to the eggs.
 - And what happens to the coats, though, I don't...
 - Yeah.
 - Oh, I think they grow up in the coat, don't they?
 I think the eggs are fertilized,
 but they stay inside the coat, and I think that's a...
 - I was thinking that poor dry cleaner
 when you hand that in.
 (laughing)
 - I agree, Dan, they're not shit.
 They're not completely shit.
 They're about one-third shit.
 And that is because they can poo one-third
 the size of their body in a single go.
 - Ah, like a sloth.
 Sloths do that, don't they?
 - Sloths do that, do they, one-third.
 - I think that baby sloths, baby sloths can be here.
 - Well, it's the equivalent of me pooing out
 a large pair of speakers, a 10-year-old child,
 or an adult Dalmatian.
 (laughing)
 - A 10-year-old child?
 (laughing)
 - Is this a game of "Would You Rather?"
 (laughing)
 - I'm not sure about this 101 Dalmatians remake, actually.
 I think I'd rather...
 - Wow. - Wow, that's a lot of poo.
 - It's amazing, the video is good, isn't it?
 You should really watch the video of Tardigreads
 taking a poo, a Tardigread taking a poo,
 'cause you can feel it really trying to squeeze it out
 and get away from it.
 And it's enormous, I think it looks much bigger
 than a third of its body.
 - There are two of them, it's by weight, it's a third.
 There are two videos of them pooing.
 One of them, it's like really, really trying.
 The other one, it's finding it a lot easier,
 but the researcher who was doing that reckons it's
 because it was squashed between two pieces of glass,
 and maybe the squashing this helped it to send the poo out.
 - Oh my gosh, it's like a fetish video then
 that you guys watched.
 (laughing)
 - It's like when you massage your stomach a bit
 to help out with conservation.
 - Just like that.
 - Exactly.
 - Just like that, the Tommy Cooper cat race.
 (laughing)
 Can we talk about them the way they suspend
 and then reanimate?
 - Okay, sure. - 'Cause it is really,
 really cool, so they, as James said,
 if their environment dries out, so they live in moss,
 they also get called moss piglets, which is adorable.
 And if their bit of moss dries out,
 then they dry out with it, as it were,
 and they enter a thing called cryptobiosis.
 So they roll into a ball, they shrivel up,
 they're normally 85% water,
 that goes down to 3% water,
 so they're almost completely desiccated.
 But then, if you put water on them, whoop, back they come.
 And scientists have been testing for decades
 how long they can go for, and the problem is,
 you need a tardigrade that was dried out
 decades ago to experiment.
 - The latest experiment on this was in 1983,
 a group of Japanese scientists in Antarctica,
 they found and they froze a group of tardigrades,
 and 31 years later, in 2014,
 they popped some water on them, and they woke up.
 - Wow. - Took them about two weeks,
 but they were called SB1 and SB2
 for Sleeping Beauty One and Sleeping Beauty Two.
 - Aw. - That's nice.
 - And one of them, one of them,
 they both came around, one egg they had frozen also,
 hatched into a healthy tardigrade,
 which then laid its own eggs eight days later.
 It's incredible the way they come back, yeah.
 - But did they have lots of very dated cultural references?
 (laughing)
 - There was a story of one that was found in a museum,
 wasn't there, that was 100 years old,
 supposedly came back to life as well,
 but that's not in a paper, that's kind of anecdotal.
 - It's a bit, yeah, it's an Italian scientist
 who said it moved its leg, and it's kind of unclear
 whether it moved its leg or whether he nudged it a bit,
 and so I, oh, look, there it is, yeah, yeah.
 But we're gonna have to move on to our next fact
 in a sec, guys.
 - Can I, just because I'm the anti-tardigrade on the panel,
 I'd like to put forward my rival to tardigrades,
 and that is the Deloitte rotifer,
 and this is another tiny creature,
 about the same size, maybe a tiny bit smaller,
 you could maybe, it's just on the cusp of being seeable,
 and they can do all the same stuff,
 survive unbelievable extremes,
 like massive amounts of radiation,
 huge heat being in permafrost for ages,
 much more radiation than tardigrades can survive,
 by the way, and they were thought to be able
 to last a decade frozen and completely dried out,
 and then be able to reanimate themselves,
 and scientists just found some trapped
 in Siberian permafrost, and realized they have
 to reassess that, and it's not a decade they can,
 you know, stay frozen and then come back to life,
 it's 24,000 years.
 - Oh, what?
 - No.
 - Pop some water on, sprung straight back into action.
 - Those are pretty dated references, aren't they?
 (all laughing)
 It's like, oh, what about those bully mothers today?
 - Yeah, they sound shit.
 - Wow.
 - All right.
 - Not nice is it?
 - Not nice.
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah.
 Thank you.
 - They also, they're called Deloids,
 and they begin with, guys, what do they begin with?
 What letter?
 - D.
 - A B, a silent B.
 (all laughing)
 - You're kidding.
 - How brave is that?
 - Like, is it a leech is a Deloid, isn't it?
 - Is it?
 - I think so.
 - Interesting.
 - No one knows that, so that might be wrong.
 - Yeah.
 Anyway, we need to move on to our second fact,
 time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that, in the 1920s,
 Chicago was hit by a miniature crime wave
 of testicle theft, which was nicknamed,
 which was nicknamed, "Gland Larsony."
 (all laughing)
 Really impressive.
 - Do you think if you'd had your testicles removed
 and you read that newspaper article,
 you'd be like, ah, good one.
 (all laughing)
 Do you think they're making light
 of what is probably quite a horrific experience?
 - It sounds terrible, it sounds terrible,
 but it is presented as a kind of funny thing
 that happened once, and it has been a hundred years.
 So, let's get into it.
 Next year, it actually is the centenary,
 so I know a lot of people will probably
 be wanting to market somehow.
 - I think it's gonna be a public holiday, isn't it?
 - I think I might have a big ball.
 (all laughing)
 - Well, one person who didn't have a big ball, James,
 once this crime wave happened to him,
 the first victim in Chicago, who's an electrician,
 is called Henry Johnson.
 He's called Johnson, huh?
 And he was found unconscious in the street.
 And he'd been out for a drink, he got into a street car,
 and he remembered nothing else after that,
 but he was quite late, he'd been out,
 and his testicles had gone.
 And he may have been chloroformed or something like this,
 it's kind of hazy.
 He didn't report it to the police, apparently,
 he just went home and then went back to work.
 - Wow.
 - Really?
 Yeah.
 - It was a different time,
 you were stoic back then, wasn't it?
 (all laughing)
 - Oh, well, these things happen.
 - Yeah.
 - It happened, it did happen, it happened.
 - It's such a hard thing to call in sick to your boss for,
 isn't it?
 (all laughing)
 I've lost my testicles.
 (all laughing)
 - Pull the other one, I can't.
 (all laughing)
 - The earliest report I could find on newspapers.com,
 which is like all the old American newspapers
 that we go on sometimes.
 It was a Sioux City Journal on the 14th of October, 1922.
 Actually, it was the same report was in lots of them,
 but this was the first one that came up.
 But the next story in the newspaper was about the son
 of Leo Tolstoy, who had lost his family jewels.
 - No.
 (all laughing)
 - That is very good.
 - It's not cool, yeah, yeah.
 - That's really cool.
 - That's gotta be some deliberate editorial decision
 making there, I love that.
 - Here's a question, right?
 Do you think this actually happened?
 Or do you think it was a medi-uppy thing?
 - Oh.
 - It definitely became a panic.
 - The rock?
 - Yeah.
 - The stories were a bit, so you were talking
 about Henry Johnson, and he came to explain
 that he was missing his testicles off the back
 of a different person first revealing it.
 So it's like he didn't tell anyone, press-wise,
 but there was a guy called Joseph Wozniak who told,
 and then other people came out and said,
 "Me me too, my balls were taken."
 And Johnson was one of them.
 But the report that I read,
 the article that you sent round to us,
 it said he discovered that one or both
 of his testicles were missing.
 And that's a curious thing to say.
 - Was that Wozniak?
 - Yeah, there were different standards
 of self-care back in the day.
 - Right.
 - Yeah.
 - 'Cause I was equally confused by his story.
 In the article that I read about him,
 it said that all that happened was he woke
 in the streets not remembering how he got there,
 horrible taste in his mouth, chloroform,
 pain in his groin, got through the day,
 and then went to hospital where the doctor discovered
 his testicles had been removed,
 which I would have thought you would have realized.
 - But it'd be swollen, you'd be uncomfortable,
 maybe you might not be analyzing yourself properly.
 - You'd be bandaged as well, right?
 Presumably.
 - Well, you bandaged.
 No, I think this is before he's gone to the hospital.
 - No, there's been other cases, I think,
 where the people who were removing the testicles
 bandaged up because they weren't trying to kill people.
 They just wanted their testicles.
 - Wait, sorry, do you think you'd be so uncurious
 that if you woke up on the street
 and you had a big old bandage around your crotch,
 you'd just go, "You know what, I'm not gonna touch it.
 "I'm not gonna touch it.
 "It's none of my business."
 (laughing)
 - It kind of gets in the heart of it.
 - It's so hard to tell.
 I think it may have happened to one or two people,
 but not to all of them.
 So, for example, there was a guy who,
 a young man called John Powell.
 This was in 1923, there were a couple more cases of it,
 or certainly a ledge case in 1923,
 a young man called John Powell,
 who was allegedly assaulted by three men
 wearing white lab coats, who were shouting,
 "We need a gland," and I don't know if that is true,
 but it was true that the authorities took it seriously.
 They promised to charge gland banditry,
 genuinely the phrase that was used to refer to it,
 they made it a special crime, that was the crime of mayhem.
 They sort of included gland banditry in the charge
 of mayhem so you could get 14 years in prison
 if you were found guilty of it, so there were responses.
 - I think the evidence that I could find,
 so a few things is, first of all,
 it's really hard to use chloroform to knock someone out.
 There's technically really a difficult thing to do.
 - So in movies when we see that,
 that takes a couple of minutes.
 - Yeah, yeah, you would need to hold it over
 for like five or 10 minutes.
 Often they would use other drugs as well.
 Sometimes, you know, there are ways of doing it.
 You'd have to know what you're doing to get the right dose.
 You'd have to hold their head up
 so they don't swallow their tongue.
 So that's a bit dodgy.
 The other thing is all the articles
 warn about the dangers of liquor,
 and this was in the time of prohibition.
 So they're always saying, like,
 "Oh, well, maybe sobriety and early hours
 "would prevent much anguish for this person
 "who lost his testicles," stuff like that.
 - They're saying they were drunk.
 - They're saying that basically,
 there's prohibition happening, you shouldn't be drinking,
 but if you do drink, you might lose your bowls.
 So there's a bit of that there,
 but then one of the articles referenced a surgeon
 called Anthony Sigmund Sampolinsky,
 and I checked him and he definitely did exist.
 So, you know, there was definitely some stuff there
 that was definitely real, so it's kind of weird.
 - I don't know. - It's a really curious one.
 The theory that was launched was that it was to...
 This is the exact phrasing from the newspaper.
 It was possibly done to rejuvenate some wealthy ancient,
 i.e. an elderly millionaire wanted some pep.
 - But wait a minute, but that was happening, though, wasn't it?
 - But that's the weird thing.
 That definitely was happening at the time,
 which lends credence to this,
 and maybe it was a panic off the back of the fact
 that people were going around inserting testicles
 into themselves.
 - Yeah, shove in Younger Man's testicles on yourself
 when you will become his Younger Self,
 is what they thought.
 And then in Chicago, there was a famous doctor,
 Dr. Lespinass, and he did, I think,
 one of the first successful testicle transplant ops
 in 1911, and this was actually for a man
 who'd lost both his testicles,
 weirdly, in two separate incidents.
 - Stop.
 Just don't go back to that place.
 - Just resign your job at the archery range.
 - So he's lost both--
 - Two separate incidents.
 - Yeah, one was an accident,
 and then one was a botch-turnier operation.
 - Oh, that's terrible.
 - I know, it's very sad.
 - That's a real bit, that's a real bit.
 - Sorry we made jokes about that.
 - But he had this surgery,
 and so this is where the origin of the testicle transplant,
 giving you this amazing virility he came from.
 He had this surgery, and he said,
 "After the surgery, he had a strong erection
 "accompanied by marked sexual desire, so intense,
 "he insisted on checking out of the hospital right away
 "so he could satisfy it."
 - Wow. - And so his doctor was like,
 "Wow, I found this amazing new thing for you guys."
 - And that was the guy in Chicago, right?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - And these things were in Chicago as well, right?
 - Yeah, exactly. - These testicle thefts.
 And in the same year as these thefts happened,
 there was a very, very famous example
 of the richest man in Chicago who's called Harold McCormick,
 and he underwent some kind of surgery,
 and they never said what it was,
 but all the press was certain
 that he was getting bowls put into his bowls.
 Everyone was so sure he was gonna do it,
 and it was Lesbian Ass again who was doing it.
 And the thing was, he had just married this woman
 called Gana Valska, who was an opera singer
 who was much, much younger than him.
 She was very, very famous.
 Her first four husbands had been worth a total
 of $125 million.
 - First four?
 - Yeah, he was her fifth.
 - That's going it. - That's going some, right?
 But then he married her, and the idea was that he thought
 he'd never be able to keep up with her
 if he didn't have this operation.
 She was amazing, by the way.
 After she divorced McCormick,
 she married a guy called Harry Mathews
 who claimed to have created a death ray.
 - Cool. - This is the most amazing
 woman I've never heard of.
 He was British, this guy, it was in 1924.
 He told everyone that he'd invented this death ray,
 and the government said, "Oh, can we have a look at it?"
 And he went, "Well, give me some money first."
 And they went, "Well, we're not gonna do that."
 He went, "All right, I'm going to France then."
 And he said he was gonna go away,
 and there was a law made to stop him
 from going and selling his death ray,
 which obviously didn't exist to the French
 and to the other people. - That's so funny.
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 - So what was her type?
 It's hard, like, just weirdos?
 - Very, very rich men to start off with.
 Then men with testicles put into their testicles.
 Then death ray guys, and then she ended up
 with a yoga teacher.
 - The obvious end point.
 - Anna, I don't think the 1911 guy
 was actually the very first,
 'cause I think there was a previous doctor called
 Charles-Edward Brown-Sequod. - Yeah, he was in my band.
 - So in the 1880s, he was convinced
 that you could reverse your aging.
 He was a brilliant doctor, by the way.
 He genuinely was a great doctor.
 He worked on the spinal cord
 and revolutionized our understanding of it.
 But he also, okay, he started injecting himself
 not only with human seed,
 but he started with dog and guinea pig seed.
 - Mm, guinea pig seed. - Mixed up with blood
 just to really, you know, make it weirder.
 - And he claimed, he was in his early 70s at the time,
 and he said, "This has done me a power of good."
 - All I do all day is run around in a wheel.
 (laughing)
 - He claimed his eyes had improved.
 He could see better.
 He could run up and down stairs again,
 which he hadn't done for years.
 He claimed he could lift 15 pounds more than previously.
 And he claimed the average length of his jet of urine
 had increased by 25%.
 - Okay. - All thanks to guinea pig.
 - That's what you want. - You stood next to him
 and said, "Are you riding on it?
 "He's three feet behind you."
 (laughing)
 - And the operation go.
 - So you ride all punches through the wall.
 (laughing)
 - That's amazing. - And that set off,
 'cause I think we've mentioned him before,
 and guinea pig testicle transplants became a big thing.
 But that set off a big wave of kind of transplanting,
 other experiments with other animal testicle transplants.
 And so, there was a surgeon called Serge Voronoff,
 and his wife, Mrs. Voronoff,
 Dr. and Mrs. Voronoff, who became very famous
 for implanting monkey testicles into men.
 And what they would do is,
 they'd remove the monkey testicle,
 cut it into segments,
 and then they'd make an incision
 in the scrotum of the human,
 and then they would slot one of the segments into that.
 - Okay. - Like squeezing
 an extra slice into a cake sort of thing.
 - Or a chocolate orange kind of thing.
 - Oh, wow. - Yes, yeah, yeah.
 - And how many times would you,
 I just, I'm trying to picture a millionaire
 walking around with 16 testicles worth of testicles in there,
 like, just adding to it, just really indulging.
 - It's a good job they don't do it anymore, isn't it?
 Can you imagine, like, I don't know,
 Mark Zuckerberg walking around with, like,
 200,000 testicles dragging behind them?
 - Well, the names we're mentioning
 are quite obscure names from history,
 but there is one name that sticks out
 who supposedly had monkey testicle injections
 into his own nut bag,
 and that is W.B. Yates, the poet.
 - Oh. - Supposedly he had this done.
 And, yeah, I mean, and he was very sex-crazy
 into his later life.
 He supposedly was going to Harley Street in London,
 and he was having these things.
 It was all rumours.
 We weren't, I don't think it's been fully confirmed,
 but he had multiple affairs in the final,
 about twilight years of his life.
 - And he was a weirdo, yeah, essentially.
 He was into some freaky shit.
 So I believe it. - The occult and stuff, yeah.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 Apparently, if you have your,
 let's say a testicle falls out of you,
 you have-- - Let's just say.
 - Let's just say scenario,
 you're going home tonight here in Poole,
 and whoop, my testicle's fallen out.
 You have between four to six hours
 of getting it back inside. - That's ages.
 - You must have to keep it on ice
 in the meantime, I should think.
 - Yeah, exactly, so we did Richard Herring's podcast
 not too long ago, and Richard Herring, sadly, very,
 he's absolutely fine, but he had testicular cancer
 and he had a testicle removed.
 He asked us to find some facts about it,
 and one of the things that I found out
 was that a testicle transplant had happened
 in recent years between two identical twins,
 one of whom was born with the testicles, just two,
 but the other was missing them entirely,
 and they were able to transplant a testicle
 to the brother, and they were in their 30s,
 and it was a doctor called Dr. Dickon Coe,
 and Dr. Dickon was able to successfully transplant it,
 and it was great because you were transplanting it
 basically to the same body.
 - 'Cause it's genetically, we're identical twins.
 - Yeah, exactly, yeah, but four to six hours is roughly--
 - Do you mean four to six hours
 during which the testicle will still be viable?
 - Yes. - Okay, so when you said
 if your testicle falls out, you know,
 you do have to sort of sew up the wound and stuff,
 and you just mean the testicle,
 you'll still be able to reattach it,
 and it will still function. - Yes, and it will still function
 as a transplanted object of the body, yeah.
 - If it's happening now,
 you can stay 'til the end of the show,
 and you still have bags of time.
 - Yeah, I'll say bags.
 - We need to move on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number three, and that is Anna.
 - Yes, my fact this week is that until 2016,
 the Indian government earned $10 million a year
 from a single tiger, pretty impressive tiger.
 - How do you make so much money from a tiger?
 - It just worked really hard.
 No, this was a tiger called Machli, very famous tiger,
 big celebrity in India, and Bengal Tigress, in fact,
 and she just became famous for being impressive
 and hardcore, lasting a long time.
 She did, she was constantly defeating the odds,
 so she would fight lots of much bigger male tigers
 for territory, she had one very famous altercation
 with a 14 foot crocodile that weighed twice as much of her,
 which, again, she had a real eye for PR
 because she always did this in front of tourists.
 So whenever a safari load of people came around,
 then suddenly she'd do something incredible,
 like kill a crocodile, which is a great pose,
 a very photogenic.
 And so, yeah, raked in money for the government,
 the state government.
 - For just people visiting to see her.
 - Exactly, yeah, estimated the number of people
 who just booked their holiday for her.
 - I read that she won a Lifetime Achievement Award
 for being a tiger.
 (laughing)
 - That's not that difficult, is it?
 Like, she is a tiger, so surely every tiger
 has a lifetime of being a tiger.
 - But I don't know, I don't think they do.
 - Who was the award from?
 - Well, it wasn't BAFTA, I don't know exactly.
 Sorry, I didn't know who it was,
 it was Travel Operators for Tigers.
 - Oh, but yeah, you really won that one, don't you?
 - It's not the fucking Oscars.
 - I know, but--
 - Probably the Oscars for tigers.
 - It may very well be-- - Exactly, yes.
 - It's very dangerous to have that award at the Oscars.
 That's a health and safety nightmare.
 Like, what dressing room do they use?
 It wouldn't work.
 - The carpet would be read by the end of the Oscars.
 - That's true.
 - But yeah, she was super cool,
 and she was so valuable to the government
 that in the end, her life was extended,
 so she died when she was 19,
 which was very old for a wild tiger.
 They'd usually die when they're 15.
 But one of the reasons that she died so old
 is because she lost a few of her teeth,
 she lost her canines,
 but actually she lost one eye,
 'cause she was always in these fights.
 And it was thought then that she was so valuable
 to the state, and people would be so devastated
 if she sort of starved to death,
 'cause she lost her teeth,
 that the state started leaving meat for her,
 a sort of tethered goat out in the wild,
 so they didn't take her-- - And they were like alive,
 weren't they, the goats?
 - Yes, yeah, so they didn't take her into captivity.
 They just left her in the wild,
 but with a nice tethered goat.
 She must have thought that, I don't know,
 Christmas would come every single day.
 - She must have thought that goats have got a bit stupid.
 - Yeah.
 - Was the money purely from people
 visiting the place that she resided,
 or was she, okay, so she wasn't doing like Pepsi ads,
 or like, she wasn't on T-shirts and merch?
 - No, she's very principled.
 She didn't believe in selling out and things like that.
 She just wanted to be herself.
 - I'm sure, definitely merch.
 There must have been merch.
 - Actually, there's just shed loads of merch, yeah.
 Her images, she was on a stamp,
 which her painting is everywhere
 if you go to train stations in India.
 And this is up in Rajasthan in an actual park.
 - Oh, is she painted?
 Okay, yeah.
 - Yeah, it's impressive.
 It's mostly paw prints, but it's impressive nonetheless.
 - And she was the most photographed tiger
 in the world as well.
 - That's pretty amazing, isn't it?
 - Yeah, she had an amazing funeral
 because she was so kind of worshipped.
 So, in fact, all, I didn't realize this,
 all leopards and tigers are cremated in India
 when they die, or in international parks like this.
 And that is so that their skins can't be taken
 and sold on the black market,
 'cause obviously that encourages that.
 But, so she was cremated.
 But first, it's very cool, and there's a video of this.
 She was given a traditional Hindu funeral.
 So she was wrapped up in white linen,
 and you can just see her little head, quite big head,
 poking out above it,
 and then covered in lovely red flowers,
 and then carried on a kind of a funeral beer
 by lots of the park guards to this, to this pire.
 - That's amazing, so cool.
 - Yeah, it's quite a beautiful ceremony.
 - Yeah.
 Can I tell you, there's just a random tiger fact
 that I found quite cool.
 So, the MGM, the movies, right at the beginning,
 you've got the big lion that's through the thing, big roar.
 So, in the 80s, there was a sound designer
 called Mike Mangini,
 who was working on ambient sounds for the movie "Poltergeist."
 And while he was doing it,
 he collected a lot of different sounds,
 including tiger sounds.
 And he sent that to the people at MGM saying,
 have a listen to these roars,
 'cause they're really quite more striking
 than you have for your current lion
 that is doing the MGM roar.
 So, when you hear that roar at the beginning of a movie,
 the lion is lip-syncing.
 It's a tiger's roar, it's not a lion's roar.
 Lions apparently don't have quite that boomy,
 amazing roar that a tiger has, so yeah.
 So, it's dope.
 - Interesting.
 Another Hollywood tiger would be Mike Tyson's tigers.
 - Oh yeah.
 - He used to have tigers.
 Is it in the hangover, he has some tigers,
 but that's actually in real life he used to have tigers.
 He doesn't have them anymore.
 Any ideas why he doesn't have them anymore?
 - Did they escape?
 - They did not escape, no.
 - Did he beat them up?
 - It's illegal to have tigers,
 and he shouldn't have put them in the movie
 'cause that told everyone he had them.
 - Sadly, quite legal to have tigers
 in some parts of America.
 - Oh, is it, okay.
 - And he didn't beat them up, Anna, no.
 It's because they smell so much and fart so much.
 - Really?
 - Apparently, he got married,
 and his wife didn't want them in the house
 because when they fart, they smell like hell.
 - Right, and now the tigers are gone.
 She's like, "Why is that smell still here, Mike?
 "What?"
 - And there's tiger that we're talking about
 at the start, muchly, right?
 So she was blind in one eye,
 and I thought I'd look at kind of tiger opticians,
 and I found one.
 There is a person who is a tiger optician,
 a veterinarian, really, Tammy Miller,
 and she says there is one big problem
 with doing optician stuff on big cats.
 Can you think of what that might be?
 - They're massive tigers, and they'll eat your face.
 - A bit of that, but there's something else.
 - Ooh, they can't administer medicine to themselves.
 - They can't put contact lenses in.
 You scratch your eyes.
 - These are all great answers.
 According to her, the big problem
 is that they really hold a grudge, and so...
 - How are we gonna work that out?
 - Oh, wow.
 - How did you not get that out of that, come on?
 And the thing was, is basically when you do the work on them,
 it's obviously not very pleasant for them,
 but then later on you need to go and do a bit more work on them,
 and they are not happy.
 They remember what you did, and they will not let you near them.
 But what I thought is,
 do you know that there's a kid's story
 about the lion who gets a thorn in the paw,
 and then you help them,
 and then they're always your friend forever?
 Not realistic.
 - No, okay.
 - Yeah, why aren't they grateful?
 - They can see again.
 - I thought you meant, when you said,
 and then the next time you see them,
 I thought you meant the grudge extended to them,
 sort of like sitting in cafes with coats
 on trying to get back at you,
 like they're tracking you down, but no, it's...
 - No, it's just the next time they see you.
 And this was, it was a time when they did some work
 on a big cat called Indira,
 and that basically they anesthetized them and did this work.
 But when you anesthetize one of these cats,
 then you obviously have to do quite a lot of work on them
 at the same time.
 You might as well, 'cause it's quite dangerous
 to anesthetize these animals,
 so you might as well do as much as possible.
 I just say that because I really liked it
 because they did an MRI, an ultrasound, and a cat scan.
 - Nice.
 (laughing)
 - Listen, we need to move on to our final fact.
 It is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that St. Michael's Church in Bournemouth
 has been renamed St. Mike's to make it seem
 younger and cooler.
 (laughing)
 So this is a genuine thing.
 We're playing live in pool tonight.
 Bournemouth is just down the road,
 and it's a 148 year old church.
 The Reverend Sarah Yetman believes that by changing the name,
 it's gonna be, you know, a nice hipper place to have
 groovy kids come in, listen to their record players.
 - Is it working?
 Do we think, I mean, Mike isn't that cool a name anyway.
 I mean, apologies to any mikes in the audience.
 It doesn't feel like it's one of the top 10 names these days.
 - No, I mean, but I guess it is just shorter than Michael.
 It's not like, you know, St. Dave's.
 I think it's a bit hard to just change saints all together.
 I wonder if this is gonna stick,
 'cause there has been backlash with people saying,
 come on, we can't start, you know,
 St. David's can't be St. Dave's.
 We can't suddenly just change the names of saints
 of our churches.
 - Where does it end?
 - It's a slippery slope.
 You'll have St. Twat's wagon that people go to worship in.
 - It's a Twat's wagon.
 - Oh God, it's, where does it end?
 - He's in the Apocrypha.
 He's not one of the main 12, but he is there, yeah.
 St. Jude, I guess for St. Judas,
 probably actually there isn't a St. Judas there.
 - There isn't a Judas there, isn't it?
 - There were two Judases, weren't there?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Great.
 - Like when you do get St. Jude's?
 - Yeah, but not St. Twat's, I think we could all agree.
 - Yeah.
 - I don't mind it changing its name, I have to say.
 It's had a refurbishment.
 They've opened up a coffee bar as part of that
 to offer a school drop off and so, you know,
 get the kids in and so on.
 I don't know, it's funny though.
 It is, yeah.
 - Yeah, it's really cool.
 I think it's great when churches do this.
 And there's a big push, although there always has been
 from the church to try and rejuvenate itself.
 And I think there was a building,
 a church building review group in 2016,
 which is looking at all these big stone,
 like beautiful edifices we have,
 which are empty just all the time these days.
 And it was looking at how to repurpose them.
 And so now you get cool stuff,
 like St. Paul's Church in Bristol is now a circus school.
 And if you look at pictures of it,
 it's got like trapeze-wise and high-wise hung from the ceiling
 and people swinging all around it.
 - Wow.
 - It's great.
 There's about a dozen churches that are chomping sites.
 - Whating?
 - Chomping.
 - Church camping.
 - Oh my God.
 - I've camped in a church.
 - Have you?
 - Yeah.
 - How come?
 - Yeah, a church hall.
 - Really?
 - For a fortnight when I was 17.
 - Two weeks in a church?
 - Yeah.
 - Your parents really didn't get along with you today.
 (laughing)
 - What, for any reason or?
 - It was for, we were doing some sort of volunteering thing
 and you had to go and live in the church
 and then take out the kids of the parish during the week.
 - I did once sleep in a church in Northumberland.
 I must say, yeah.
 I was, we'd gone, we went on a walk
 'cause I went to a Catholic school.
 We went on a walk and then we went to this little village
 in Northumberland and we decided to play football
 against these kids and they were so much rougher than us.
 And basically it turned into a massive fight
 and when I say fight, it was them trying to beat us up
 and we legged it into the local church.
 It went, sanctuary, sanctuary.
 (laughing)
 - Did they tell you to piss off and fight the kids?
 - We stayed in there overnight.
 - Oh, that's nice.
 - Oh my God.
 - That's cool.
 Anyone else slept in a church or no?
 - No, not slept in a church.
 - I probably nodded off in a few church services.
 - Yeah.
 - That counts.
 - Have you heard of Stony Fort Community Church
 in South Carolina?
 - I don't believe so.
 - It would be staggering if you had.
 These, I love these guys so much.
 They have also changed their name.
 They're a church.
 And until 2020, they were called Outbreak Church
 and then they found themselves think,
 and it was set up in 2013.
 The vicar called Scott Carroll
 articulated his mission as follows.
 He said, "I want to be around people
 "who are so infected with Jesus
 "that every time they turn around, they sneeze Jesus."
 And sneezes.
 - Yes.
 - Sneezes Christ.
 Every time they talked about the church,
 they talked about contagion and infection and epidemic,
 they made bracelets and shirts with the phrase,
 "Are you contagious?"
 And people would read them and say,
 "Contagious with what?"
 And they'd say, "Jesus."
 And he says, "This was really fun
 "until for some reason, early 2020, stop being funny."
 (audience laughing)
 - I was having a look at the Reverend Richard Coles'
 autobiography, a biography.
 And he was saying, it was just a throwaway line
 that I then looked into.
 He was saying that a lot of vicar's have funny names
 and he was saying he knew someone who insisted on everyone,
 even bishops, calling them the Reverend Gazz.
 And so then I thought,
 "I wonder what funny names there have been
 "in the church over the years?"
 There's this blog, the blog of St. Chrysostom's Church
 in Manchester, and it's really good.
 Do you know when people put proper effort
 into quite an obscure thing?
 And there's a piece on funny names of church leaders
 throughout history, and there are some such good ones.
 So I like this anecdote, which is Henry Joy Fiennes-Clinton,
 who was a rector in the early 20th century,
 who went to see the Bishop of London
 and the bishop said, "Take a chair, Clinton,"
 to which he replied, "It's Fiennes-Clinton."
 And the bishop said, "In that case, take two."
 And so it's just, I think, a little funny from a bishop.
 (laughing)
 - Come on, it's over! - It's Bishop Humor.
 It's Bishop Humor, yeah.
 - Okay, we won't get him on the podcast.
 It's just, this is his audition tape, and I thought...
 - Oh, no, come on, give us more zingers.
 - Right, wow. (laughing)
 - Okay, okay, what about this?
 The very Reverend Gonville-Obey French Baytag,
 but French is spelled with a small F and two of them.
 (laughing)
 - What's going on?
 - Is that important for the anecdote?
 - There's no anecdote. - That's it, that's it.
 - That's it? - That's just the thing.
 - It's just the word French spelled slightly differently.
 No, Anna, we want you to tell us
 every single one you've found.
 (laughing)
 - This is literally all I've got now.
 This is not very amusing names.
 Okay, Father John, Brabazan, Brabazan, Loutha?
 Come on!
 - It's two Brabazans.
 - Brabazan, Brabazan?
 - Oh my God, I'm just picturing Jimmy Carr
 at the Hammersmith Apollo.
 Your next act is a fucking killer act.
 She's got some amazing anecdotes.
 Anna Tashinsky, everybody.
 (laughing)
 (humming)
 - Woo!
 We've got Father Page Turner.
 We've got Father Pickles.
 - Page Turner, open with Page Turner.
 (laughing)
 That's great.
 Father Pickles is funny as well.
 - I'll reorder the set.
 Father Careful, Father Christmas.
 - Okay! - Let's go.
 - So that's the one I should stick with,
 Father Christmas.
 - I don't think stick with any of it, but, you know,
 have you guys heard of St. Andrew Undershaft?
 (laughing)
 - I can't believe, you just said a name way funnier
 than Anna's 20 days.
 (laughing)
 - Upstage the full day of work.
 - I'm so sorry.
 - I've been delving into church.
 - I'm so sorry, this is right under your nose
 the whole time.
 St. Andrew Undershaft is a church in London,
 and it was literally under a massive shaft.
 That's the reason it was named like that.
 - It was a massive maypole, a huge maypole.
 I was, this is the 16th century, gigantic maypole.
 Can't stress how big this maypole was.
 And it was there every year around May Day
 until an event in 1517 called the Evil May Day Riots.
 - Ooh.
 - Which I had never heard of before.
 And they were these huge riots.
 They were huge anti-foreigner riots,
 so they weren't very funny.
 But the may, so the maypole was--
 - I'll put them in my set.
 (laughing)
 - The maypole was toppled.
 The maypole had to fall.
 And it was then preserved in a house
 on nearby Shaft Alley.
 But the maypole itself was then destroyed in 1549
 as a pagan idol.
 So, yeah.
 But the church St. Andrew Undershaft,
 500 years later nearly, still has its name.
 - Yeah, cool. - Nice.
 - I'm so sorry that I need to do this,
 but it's bugging me.
 So why was the double F thing funny?
 (laughing)
 - Tell us the name again, Anna.
 - Right.
 The very reverend Gonville-Obey French Baytag,
 but French is spelled with a small F.
 - Yeah.
 - And two of them.
 (laughing)
 - I'm now finding it funny.
 I think I've gone through the unfunniness.
 (laughing)
 I'm finding it funny again.
 - I find it so funny that there's two Fs in the word funny.
 (laughing)
 And they're both lowercase.
 (laughing)
 - I got told the thing by a very good friend of ours,
 Jason Haisley, who is a friend of the podcast.
 He's been on it a couple of times.
 And we mentioned a fact quite a long time ago,
 which is, and it was about 50-odd episodes ago,
 which is that flying saucer suites
 are made by this Belgium company, Belgica.
 And they are the same people
 who make the communion wafers.
 And when Christianity was declining a bit,
 it meant that they had a lot of spare wafers.
 And so it's the flying saucers
 that are made out of Jesus,
 of Jesus's body is the flying.
 - Oh, Christianity, I thought you said Christianity.
 I thought you were trying for another funny name.
 (laughing)
 - Anna, please, no, please not Reverend Christianity.
 (laughing)
 Too boring.
 - If it was Christianity, that would be pretty good.
 (laughing)
 - I just misheard again.
 I thought, I don't want to raise it
 because he's a really famous guy.
 And I know no one else has heard of it.
 Sorry, Christianity was declining.
 - Yeah, so flying saucer suites
 are basically communion wafers, that's the thing.
 So Jason was listening to our podcast,
 absolutely blown away by it.
 And he messaged his friend who was a vicar
 and he told her this story
 and he said it blew her mind as well.
 And then he said, she went, oh my God, hang on.
 She said that when she was in training as a vicar
 because communion wafers, or hosts as they're properly known,
 are the literal body of Christ,
 trainees don't use genuine communion wafers,
 they use flying saucers.
 And so by accident, they're accidentally using this.
 And I know James, I think you said
 that this doesn't feel right.
 So I think it's like particular to her story.
 - Yeah, I mean, well, like we always do
 when people send us stuff like this,
 we go into a massive amount of detail
 and I emailed all the reverends and vickers
 and priests that I knew.
 And they reckon that until transubstantiation for them,
 it isn't the body of Christ, so they wouldn't do that.
 But that's not to say this person didn't.
 - Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 Can you do it, 'cause they're flying saucers,
 can you do it from a distance?
 (laughing)
 - 'Cause I think I would start going to church
 if someone threw a flying saucer into my mouth.
 - That's true.
 - And then you'd just be jumping up like a dog
 to try and catch it.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - That'd be cool.
 - If you did it like how they do in the bouquet at a wedding,
 who's gonna get body of Christ this week?
 (laughing)
 Who's going to heaven?
 - It's one of you.
 (laughing)
 We're gonna have to wrap up in a sec, guys.
 - Oh, is there no time for us and more names?
 - Oh, okay, I'm so glad you've asked.
 Ryan McGvicker?
 - I can't believe you've got more.
 (laughing)
 - Ryan McGvicker is great.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, that is good.
 - My god, are you pissing around with the French guy?
 When you had Ryan McGvicker tucked all the way up your sleeve?
 - I still think F-F-F-F-F-F-F-French is the best.
 - Maybe, maybe.
 - Can I just, on churches reinventing themselves,
 there is a church that's shaped like a high-heeled shoe
 in Taiwan, which has the Guinness record
 for the largest high-heeled shoe shape structure.
 And it was built in 2016.
 It's actually a wedding venue,
 so it's not ordained by God.
 It's like a wedding church.
 But it was built to attract women.
 And the Taiwanese government said
 there will be a hundred female-oriented features inside,
 like maple leaves, chairs for lovers,
 with biscuits and cakes.
 - Women.
 (laughing)
 - That's, and it's so weird.
 It's inspired by the story of a girl in the 1960s
 who got Blackfoot disease,
 had both of her legs amputated,
 and her groom canceled her wedding.
 So it's in honor of her, which I actually think
 is quite offensive.
 - They made the church shape like a shoe.
 - Yes.
 (laughing)
 - Not sure that's okay.
 Wow, those female things.
 I didn't know that women like maple leaves so much.
 - Oh my God, it's what we talk about.
 - It's great.
 Actually, every time I get home from a tour gig,
 the house is full of maple leaves and it's a nightmare.
 - Well, you mean the ice hockey team.
 (laughing)
 - Oh yeah.
 - Well, they do your house when you've been away on tar.
 - I don't know.
 I'm gonna ask some questions when I get back this time.
 - In 2019, have you guys heard of the company
 called the Christian Book Depository?
 - No.
 - Yes, I think so.
 - Yeah, so the Christian Book Depository,
 they complained in 2019
 'cause they kept getting phone calls like this.
 A person would call up and say,
 "Hey, I'm looking for my order."
 And they're like, "What did you order?"
 He says, "I ordered gummies."
 And they went, "Ah, right, you're not in the right place."
 And it turns out that their website, cbd.com,
 who is attracting the wrong kind of people.
 (laughing)
 So they've changed their name to Christian Book.
 - That's great.
 - Christian Book, that'll be a great name for a vicar.
 (laughing)
 - Look, we need to wrap up, guys.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribeland, Andy--
 - Andrew Hunter M.
 - James.
 - @JamesHarkin.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 - And if you're a vicar with a funny name, please.
 - Yes.
 - Right in.
 - Get in, yes.
 Yep, or you can go to our website,
 knowssuchthingasafish.com.
 That's fish with one F.
 (laughing)
 (audience applauding)
 - And we thank you so much, Paul.
 We've had so much fun here tonight.
 And everyone listening at home will be back again next week
 in another episode, we'll see you then, goodbye!
 (audience applauding)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
