 Merry Christmas, everyone!
 Oh, ho, ho!
 Yep.
 [laughter]
 Thanks, Ben.
 Well, as you can see, we are all in the Christmas spirit,
 and why would we not be because we have a very special guest for you here today?
 That's right. It is the man known as the chief gnome of the QI operation.
 He is the person who brought us four, including Anna together,
 to make no such thing as a fish. It is John Lloyd.
 Yes, the Christ figure to our three wise men.
 Oh, my God.
 Okay. Okay, no.
 I'm, I'm, I'm rowing back.
 He's, uh, he's the producer of QI.
 He's the producer of every great comedy series you watched.
 Black-annish spitting image, not the 9 o'clock news so much.
 And he's the author of a book called The Meaning of Liff,
 co-written with Douglas Adams 42 years ago.
 And it's just been reissued. It's a fantastic book.
 Yeah, this book is basically a dictionary of things that they should be words for.
 Uh, but they don't exist.
 And so, what they've done is there are signs of place names all around the UK
 that don't have any meaning attached to them.
 And they've attached these observations to those to create new words.
 Like bath?
 Uh, no.
 That means that it already has meaning.
 Oh, yeah. Yeah, sandwich, for example.
 That, no, no, you guys are screwing this up.
 Demoins?
 The two little lines coming down from your nose to your mouth are the demoins?
 Ah, nice. I like ealy. That's always been my favorite.
 The first tiniest inkling that's something somewhere has gone terribly wrong.
 Okay, so that's the meaning of Liff.
 It's available in all shops now.
 It's a brilliant Christmas present stocking filler main present, I would say.
 Absolutely.
 But what if you're listening to this, and it's too late to do the shopping,
 and you need to get the fish lover in your life a gift?
 What to do is get the fish listener in your life.
 Membership of club fish are wonderful, super secret, top secret,
 but also crucially accessible to everyone on the planet, members club.
 Absolutely. There's loads of things on there.
 There's loads of bonus content.
 There is going to be a super special quiz coming up in the new year that we're going to announce.
 There are extra long versions of our normal episode.
 There is video episodes of Drop Us Align, which is our audience feedback show.
 Go to patreon.com/no such thing as a fish, and you can get your membership there.
 But in the meantime, please enjoy this episode of No Such Thing as a Fish
 with John Lloyd, C-B-E.
 Christ of the British Empire.
 On with the show.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and John Lloyd.
 Once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven
 days, and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Andy.
 My fact is, the Chicago River used to be sparkling, but only because of all the animal
 carcasses floating in it.
 How did dead carcasses make something fizzy?
 Well, they give off methane.
 They give off gas.
 Basically, there's a bit of the Chicago River, which was called bubbly creek.
 This is actually a good news story from this year, because finally they've cleaned it up.
 But a hundred years ago, it was really foul.
 It was amazing.
 So there's a bit of the Chicago River, which has been full of junk for a century, and
 the reason that it was so bad in that particular bit was because it's next to the Abattoir
 District, the slaughterhouses, all of that, and it was so foul that bits of it were just
 solid at the surface.
 The river was just caked with lumps of matter.
 Oh, wow.
 So you don't need a bridge?
 No bridge required.
 No, no, no.
 Exactly.
 Really good.
 Chickens could walk on it.
 Could they?
 Completely unharmed.
 Who just wander out of this?
 Chickens can swim, so that doesn't really help them that much, can't they?
 They can.
 They are my thinking of ducks.
 You think of ducks?
 Yeah.
 That's because the reason there were so many carcasses in it is because from 1865 to the 1920s,
 more meat was processed in Chicago than anywhere else in the world.
 No.
 Really?
 Wow.
 And it's a big foodie place.
 I was interested in other kinds of food in Chicago.
 Did you know Shredded Wheat was invented in Chicago?
 No.
 It's premiered at the world's Farron Chicago in 1893 and invented by Henry Perkey.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 And also 31% of children admitted to the University of Chicago Burn Centre over a 10-year period
 were scalded by instant noodles.
 Oh, wow.
 Wow.
 I've been there.
 To that centre.
 No.
 To the world of scalded hot noodles.
 Ah.
 Situations.
 Yeah.
 You've got to let those noodles stand.
 Gotta get to them.
 Gotta get straighter to them.
 This, you say sparkling, it didn't look nice, did it, right?
 The bubbles were purely the sparkly elements.
 Yes, it did.
 I'd say rather than sparkling.
 Because I've got some sparkling water here in front of me, it's beautiful and clear.
 Oh, that's lovely.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I put a dead mouse in here before we started just to help it bubble.
 Well, you say, in the bubbly water, though, a liter of bottled water contains an average
 of 240,000 detectable plastic fragments.
 Oh, dear.
 Oh, right.
 Don't drink that.
 Don't drink that.
 Here's another one, James.
 Well, the bottles can have 40,000 times more bacteria than a toilet seat.
 Oh, well, this isn't real useful, but this is one that I'm going to chuck away into the
 street afterwards.
 Just that.
 I'm going to chuck it into the Thames and see what pops up.
 Yeah.
 Can I tell you a thing about bubbles?
 Yes.
 Probably water.
 Okay.
 So London has the ability to spritz its own water.
 The Thames?
 The Thames.
 It has two boats, the bubble boats, which can inject gas into the river.
 Is it just for fun?
 It's not.
 It's really important, but it's only occasionally needed, right?
 So when there is really hot weather, and when there are sometimes sewage over spills,
 which mostly won't happen anymore because of the new Big Thames Tideway tunnel, which we've
 talked about, blah, blah, blah.
 But basically, there are times where you just need to inject oxygen into the water so
 fish can breathe.
 I see.
 So there's a sewage overflow.
 That means there's not enough oxygen in there so you need to get some in.
 Exactly.
 And there are two boats, they're called bubbler and vitality.
 It's an absolute last resort.
 You know, if you're using the oxygenate, the water boat, it's a really bad sign, but they
 can each inject 30 tons of oxygen into the river every day.
 That's really cool.
 This is necessary because in 1957, the Thames was declared biologically dead.
 And by 1970, it was so polluted, it has started to dissolve the hulls of boats.
 Wow.
 It is that toxic.
 Oh my gosh.
 Yeah, it's a lot better.
 I think it's a lot better out here.
 And it's really interesting because the word Thames means river in Celtic.
 Same as the word "tine" means river from Old English word "tinan", which means to dissolve.
 Okay.
 That's nice.
 It's amazing that we can tell how much oxygen is in the Thames.
 That's pretty extraordinary that you would take a sample of one spot and that would tell
 you the story of the entire Thames.
 Yeah, you're right.
 It just seems quite wild.
 I had this thing quite recently where they put a little finger on your finger and they
 tell you how much oxygen is in your blood.
 How the fuck does that work?
 Yeah.
 Is it because all your blood goes through your finger at some point or another?
 No, it can't.
 Can it?
 Can it?
 No, it can't.
 I mean, that's not how it works.
 No, because some of the blood goes out to your leg and then back to the heart.
 Yeah.
 You know, it's up to your finger and then back to the heart.
 Yeah.
 I don't know how it works.
 And I don't want to know, actually, because I have to think it's magic.
 Okay.
 Here's some stuff on corpses and carcasses.
 Do you know there's a theory that anthrax can lure you in?
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 So the idea is that anthrax gets into an animal.
 The animal dies.
 And then the animal sort of fertilises the ground and so it gets more lush.
 And then that gets more animals to go to it.
 And then those animals catch the anthrax and then they die.
 And there's an idea that that's how it's evolved.
 That's its life cycle.
 Isn't that cool?
 Yes.
 That's very cool.
 It's so weird that that stuff got out.
 Well, I guess we've, I make that sound as if it's like the anthrax is going, "Shh, shhh."
 Like, you know, I've turned it into a human in my mind.
 You know, we have to anthropomorphize a lot of these facts to make them interesting.
 Yeah.
 And the other thing that I found is I went to a place called Padarac in France, it's a big
 sort of cave.
 And they said that in the 20th century, in some parts of France, there was a law that if
 your animal got diseased and died, you have to go and throw it into the nearest chasm.
 Oh, chasm.
 That's what they called it.
 Like, to be further one in Padarac is like a big chasm and they thought the devil lived
 down there and stuff.
 It was like one of those, you know, it's like a sinkhole kind of...
 Right, right, right.
 The problem is that the rivers go underneath these chasms and they're attached to the water
 supply.
 So you throw in your anthrax cow or sheep and then it gets into the water and people get
 sick that way.
 No, yeah.
 So it was a misguided law.
 Is there so many of them are?
 Question.
 Yeah.
 What's the difference between a chasm and a gorge?
 Oh, well.
 I would say that a chasm is caused by a collapse of land to make a hole whereas a gorge
 is caused by a river.
 Right, so it's like a huge river.
 A river is like almost like a big, shaped valley caused by a fast flowing river.
 Yeah.
 A gorge, sorry.
 A gorge.
 Right, right.
 And a canyon?
 Same.
 Same, but bigger.
 Big river.
 Canyon is an American gorge.
 Big river.
 Do you know what a current bum is?
 A current bum.
 A current bum is a rock under the surface of a river, which gives that sort of hump thing.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 What is covered in water?
 Yeah.
 The water goes over a boulder.
 Oh, sure.
 And how far is that just known?
 It's actually called.
 It's a book called Landscape, where Robert McFarlane, which I highly recommend.
 Right.
 Right, dialect words all over the country.
 Very cool.
 The river is now clean, Andy.
 You said the Chicago River.
 Yes.
 Except, once a year, it looks like toxic goo.
 Oh.
 And that's because of some Patrick's day, they die the river, the entire river, green.
 Lovely.
 Yeah.
 Lovely?
 Well, I celebrate Irish Heritage Shaves.
 I don't know why you don't.
 What?
 Because I add part Irish.
 But I refuse.
 I just straight up refuse.
 What, I don't know what that is.
 Well, I think the question is, is it okay, like, are they putting in toxic goo, or are they
 putting in food coloring?
 Food coloring.
 They started with toxic goo, and that quickly got speed back.
 I think they did, because it started by accident in 1961 when some people were putting
 dye into the water to see where like a leak had come out or to see where the water flowed.
 And then it was around St. Patrick's Day.
 So everyone thought, oh, they did that on purpose.
 And they went, oh, we didn't, but let's do it on purpose in future.
 But that dye was toxic.
 Ah.
 There you go.
 That's very funny.
 The Chicago River is a friend of the podcast.
 Yeah.
 Also, it is.
 Because in 2004, the Dave Matthews band drove over it in their bus and dumped an estimated
 800 pounds of human feces onto a passenger sightseeing boat.
 Oh.
 Yes.
 That's a hundred pounds of feces from their bus.
 They've been saving it up.
 The tour bus.
 That's a hell of a tour.
 Was it through a grating?
 It was through a grating.
 Yeah.
 And you imagine being on that boat.
 Celebrity feces all early.
 You wouldn't know it was celebrity, though.
 If you knew it's celebrity, that might take the edge off.
 Do you think if you saw Dave Matthews waving out the window, you'd go, how lucky are we?
 I don't think Dave Matthews is of a level of celebrity enough.
 No.
 No.
 I know his face.
 I'd want it to be a list.
 He won't tell the Swiss bus traveling.
 Source of, yeah.
 Right.
 That's going to be mixed with Travis Kelsey's carcass.
 Too much.
 In the meaning of live, the Chicago is defined as the foul smelling wind that precedes
 an underground train.
 Oh.
 Might, of course, be one of Dave Matthews' fans.
 But it was known as the Stinking River.
 Wasn't it the Chicago River?
 That's what locals called it all the way through the 20th century.
 It was really.
 It sounds like it was so bad.
 And a lot of the contemporary descriptions of how awful it was come from this brilliant
 book, The Jungle, by a writer called Up to the Sling Claire, who wrote, it was a journalistic
 exposé, really, of the slaughterhouses and their practices and just how, you know,
 appalling the quality was there.
 So I'll just read you a couple of sentences of it.
 The material brought to the surface was as black as ink, a considerable amount of gas
 was given off, which was so evil smelling that it could be detected even above the
 prevailing odour from the stockyard pens.
 Oh, my God.
 I know.
 And sometimes the river would catch fire because it was so, wow, and sometimes people would wander
 out.
 I'm presumably chasing your chicken.
 Yeah.
 And you try to get it back.
 And then they just disappear below the surface.
 Could they get out a bit into it?
 You mean they could walk over some glove and then disappear at that sense?
 No.
 Up to the Sling Claire.
 Oh, yeah.
 He was known as like a mucker acre.
 He wrote fiction that exposed what was going on in society and quite a few laws were
 changed off the back of different books that he wrote over the course of his life.
 So he's really important.
 But I also have a book of his at my house, which is called Mental Radio.
 And it's a book he wrote all about his experiments with telepathy because his wife Mary believed
 that she had telepathic abilities.
 So we're tell these really awesome people getting a bit woo woo towards the end.
 Yeah.
 If you look at all these, all the people who invented quantum mechanics, for example,
 became really mystical towards the end of their life because, you know, Schrodinger.
 I guess it is kind of like, it's almost like magic, isn't it?
 Quantum.
 Yeah, quantum gifts.
 Quantum gifts.
 Yeah, I think you go.
 You once you've done a lifetime of science, you think actually, but why, why is there something
 and not nothing?
 Because I've got a friend who was a Nobel Prize winner called Brian Josephson who invented
 the Josephson Junction.
 Oh, yeah.
 So it's a super-knocked guy who is basically slightly sent to Coventry in Cambridge because
 he's become a Buddhist and become very spiritual and he's the most wonderful person.
 I think in the University of Cambridge, they don't say sent to Coventry, they say sent
 to the University of Warwick.
 That's very, Schrodinger, but yeah, Albert Einstein wrote it forward to the German edition
 of Mental Radio, so even he was interested in it.
 Yeah, so who often, Sinclair, was a very interesting character.
 Sounds like a good, it's a good name for a radio station.
 Welcome to Mental Radio.
 It's no music, it's just Prince.
 That's it.
 Steve Pank, Walter Walls, Steve Pank.
 But the thing about celebrity, I'm slightly telepathic.
 Oh, here we go.
 I can do, there's an online site where you can do, I get scores way, way way above chance.
 Right.
 It's that you have to guess where a thing is under a hidden map as it is.
 That's called My Sweeper, isn't it?
 I'm actually getting telepathic messages right now from Andy and James Sinclair and what
 the fuck have you done to our podcast by introducing this subject?
 Can you hear it?
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is My Fact.
 My Fact this week is that in Hawaii, a tightly guarded secret that used to be passed down
 from generation to generation was how people used to tune their guitars.
 Sorry.
 Surely everyone knows that, there's little knobs aren't there on the end.
 We'll see what I tell you, dude.
 I don't know how to tune a guitar.
 Honestly, if we left you in a room with a guitar, you'd work it out pretty fast.
 If you'd say those knobs, they'd sound changes.
 Well, I know you turn the knobs, but I don't know, I'm very impressed when I see anyone
 do it.
 And also you shouldn't be.
 You wouldn't know what you were tuning it to, right?
 Oh, that's it.
 That's the thing.
 So a guitar, if you play a classical guitar, like I would tune a guitar or maybe James would
 tune a guitar, you're tuning is E-A-D-G-B-E, that's sort of the classic.
 And you can make classic E notes, G notes, all that, it's basic stuff, if you don't understand
 that at all, do we?
 No.
 If you tune it that way, that means wherever you put your fingers on the guitar, it will always
 sound the same.
 Yeah.
 And you just know where to put them, because you know how each one is.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Child deserves fun.
 What happened?
 Is that what it is?
 Oh, that's the staves of a musical score, isn't it?
 Oh, every good boy deserves favor?
 That's it, yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But this is very interesting, because this is slack key guitar in Hawaii.
 It's a Hawaiian guitar tradition that has been part of their world for hundreds of years.
 And the idea is that they all tune it differently to an open set of notes.
 When you then play it as an open chord, so you don't use your other hand, it plays a lovely
 in chord.
 And every family seemed to have designed its own different set of notes unique to them.
 And that's what would be passed down from family to family.
 Now the reason that this happened is almost to do with what you were saying, Andy.
 So when Captain Cook first came to Hawaii, there was a guy on board called Captain Vancouver
 who was the captain of the next vote that came to Hawaii.
 And he brought a bunch of cattle, and the cattle arrived and it was roaming around.
 And the king of Hawaii didn't know what to do with them.
 Well, there's this guy.
 Oh, this is the origin story of the guitar in Hawaii.
 It's really interesting.
 Now, in those days in Hawaii, we always tied that idea to our balance.
 [laughs]
 Cattles roving free in Hawaii.
 They don't know what to do.
 So they decided to bring in some Mexican and Spanish cowboys to teach them how to farm.
 The hells!
 Yes, exactly.
 They brought their guitars.
 They played the guitars.
 And then when they left, they left them the guitars.
 After a while, a bunch of them went, "How do we even tune these things?"
 And they weren't quite sure the classical tunings.
 So they had to create their own tunings.
 And family by family, this is what they did.
 And all these beautiful songs started emerging.
 Dan, you sent down a link like we always do with these facts just so that we can check
 that they're true.
 And we all do it.
 We all do it.
 We all do it.
 We all do it.
 We all do it.
 We all do it.
 I mean, this idea came about because of Dan's rights.
 But we all do it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And this was about a guy called Raymond Cane.
 But he has a middle name that I wonder if he read his middle name.
 Oh, yes, I did.
 Yeah.
 Well, you're so good at pronouncing things, Dan.
 I wonder if he'd like to just remind us what his middle name is.
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah.
 It's just there.
 Oh, OK.
 Well, this is going to be embarrassing for you because as it turns out, this is my middle name
 as well.
 So it's Cali o aloha poina alle o hele manu.
 No, hele manu.
 Oh, he's got so close.
 So doing the Australian.
 Do you know Alan Davis and I went to see the Swedish version of QI years ago.
 Oh, yeah.
 And as the producer, very sweetly said, John, it's such an honor to have you here as the
 director of the whole thing that we, it's, you know, would you kindly introduce the guests
 and you gave me the list of Swedish guests and I read them all out and they're audience
 were in his steering.
 I didn't get one syllable right.
 They were screaming.
 Who was Raymond Cane?
 He was.
 Good question.
 He was a slack key guitarist.
 OK.
 And I think the thing you sent around was no bit tree of him.
 It was.
 Yeah, that's right.
 I don't play the guitar at all, but I do play a bit of piano.
 Yep.
 And obviously one thing I know is about pianos where middle C is, but I didn't know and
 this is the most interesting thing.
 I think I found out in the whole month is there are three middle C's on the guitar.
 Did you, did you work that out yourself when you were tuning it?
 If you're tuning on your own, you'll use your lowest E string as a guide to the next
 string because you can play all the chords.
 I do the other way from the highest E string onto the next one.
 Right.
 So what you, what you do is you find.
 But do you know where middle C is?
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Name it.
 OK.
 First.
 First.
 First of the second string.
 Fifth of the third string.
 And tenth of the fourth string.
 I don't know what any of those things mean.
 OK.
 This is also why the quiz failed.
 You give the artist before the person gets the guess.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 But then I'm allowed to say.
 I'm allowed to say, yeah, I do all that.
 I get the point.
 I'm trade secrets in music.
 Oh, yeah.
 As this is a bit of a trade secret.
 Yeah.
 How these Hawaiian families kept their guitars.
 That is proof legally that an album can be a trade secret.
 What does that mean?
 OK.
 Have you heard of the Wuteng clan show?
 Oh, yeah.
 I've seen them.
 I saw them in Aspen, Colorado.
 Amazing.
 Why do you used to be in the Wuteng club?
 The Lizzer.
 Yeah.
 This is one of the most amazing things.
 Imagine you're at a Wuteng gig.
 You turn around and John Lloyd and Rowan Atkinston.
 Mr. Bean is standing at a Wuteng kind.
 Yeah.
 That's what you went to, right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So is this about the time when they released one record?
 One record.
 Yes.
 They released, they recorded a secret album in 2007 and they made one hard copy of it.
 So it doesn't exist outside this hard copy of it.
 And an American, a wealthy American guy called Martin Shrekley.
 Super controversial.
 Yeah.
 Super controversial.
 Yeah.
 Super controversial.
 Yeah.
 Super controversial.
 He bought it for $2 million.
 And there were very strict restrictions on how it could be played or reproduced for all
 of that for the next 90 odd years.
 Eventually, in unrelated reasons, he was sent to prison for fraud.
 No, no, no.
 I think they might have been slightly related to the fact that he had 2 million quid to spend
 on one record.
 Okay.
 So that's very true.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think, just for the...
 No, you're absolutely right.
 Just for the lion's listening.
 So as part of that deal, he, as part of him going to prison for fraud, the album had to be
 sold off, right?
 And it got sold off to a crypto firm called Pleasardau.
 And then when Shrekley got out, nonetheless, despite the album having been sold off, he started
 playing it for loads of people online.
 Yeah.
 And the crypto firm sued him.
 And all of this led to a judge decreeing that an album can be technically a tried secret.
 Yeah.
 I've got two secrets from the meaning of Liff, two secrety words.
 Oh, cool.
 Mary Tavi, which you probably know is a place in Devon, a Mary Tavi is a person to whom
 under dire injunctions of silence, you tell a secret you wish to be far more widely known.
 Lovely.
 Useful one.
 And Tuky Tuky, which is a place in New Zealand, Tuky Tuky is a sexual liaison, which is meant
 to be secret, but which is, in fact, common knowledge.
 That's a nice word.
 Chartres.
 Oh, yeah.
 Drink?
 Yes.
 Green.
 Yeah.
 The recipe is only known by two monks.
 No.
 Apparently so.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Tuky Kola one famously is bit secret.
 You know, they use Chartres to die the Chicago ribbon?
 Of course that's not.
 Yeah.
 That's where the fish are so cheerful all the time.
 Yeah.
 The Coca-Cola one's really interesting.
 So they have like a secret formula, which they say, oh, no one can work out what this
 is and all that.
 And actually, you can kind of pretty easily work out what it is.
 But obviously Pepsi has the same thing because they make arguably the same drink.
 I know they slightly taste different, but they're pretty much the same thing.
 But why do they not have secret ingredients?
 Like they don't say, oh, we have a secret thing called 7x that nobody knows about.
 Yeah.
 Because no one really likes Pepsi.
 No.
 Is that it?
 No.
 Because I think you'll find that the advertising campaign in the 90s showed that everyone
 loves Pepsi.
 And today we're sponsored.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Basically, they just use normal law and just make people sign non-disclosure agreements.
 And if they give the secrets away, they sue them and stuff rather than saying that they have
 some sort of secret ingredient that no one can know.
 Because it does seem mad that you can keep like with so much regulation and all the warnings
 on the back of a packet.
 We can just have a secret sauce in there.
 You have to sort of, I think you have to register it somewhere, but it's accepted legally as
 a trade secret.
 That's the thing.
 Got it.
 So it is a special legal framework.
 It's got an injunction on it, basically, kind of.
 But there is a thing.
 Okay.
 It's our age for nilla, cinnamon, and...
 Don't say the five.
 Don't say the one or the one.
 And dead animals.
 Well, we had an email from listener Esther Nelken who says, "You may have covered this
 previously."
 We haven't covered this previously.
 But in order for Coca-Cola to be recognised as kosher, a rabbi had to be told the secret
 formula in 1935, rabbi Tobias Geffen signed an NDA and was allowed to investigate the
 ingredients.
 Wow.
 And she adds, "I couldn't find who the rabbi is today who holds the information."
 That's a damn brown novel waiting to be written, isn't it?
 So right.
 You're so right.
 I've got some specifically Hawaiian secrets here.
 Oh, cool.
 That physicist at the University of Hawaii have recently solved the problem, the secret of
 how washing machines get clothes clean.
 It's never been known until now.
 Wow.
 So there are now two physicists who know the secret of how that works.
 And the other one is that 2018 was a bad year for Hawaii.
 They had a massive volcanic explosion.
 And the authorities warned people not to toast marshmallows over it, which was a very
 good advice.
 But they also had in 2018, 38 minutes of panic, after a wrongly pressed button set off an
 alert warning of an incoming ballistic missile attack.
 Wow.
 And the way it's connected with secret is the governor of Hawaii couldn't correct the
 false missile alert for 17 minutes because he didn't know how to log on to his own Twitter
 and Facebook accounts.
 Wow.
 They were kept from him.
 Well, only one rabbi in Hawaii knew what the password was.
 That was mad, wasn't it, when that happened?
 Yeah.
 I think a lot of people just started going round telling, you know, telling people about
 the secretly A-zons and stuff like that because of all of them.
 Dookie dookie.
 It's the end of the world.
 We did it in the book that we were writing the books of the year at the time and there
 was definitely an article about that.
 Yes.
 And I think it's, I think it was the second time that the person who accidentally sent
 the alert out had made this mistake.
 And it was, it was something stupid, like there were two buttons next to each other.
 It was, I think it was a drop down menu.
 That's right.
 And it was a drop down menu and it was send nuclear alert brackets test or send out of office
 reply.
 Yeah.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 That is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in 1874, the world's largest pearl got lost down the back
 of a sofa.
 And was this a kind of princess on the P-style situation?
 Expand.
 Well, yeah, easy.
 Okay.
 They kept putting cushions on top of the sofa.
 Yeah.
 And it was only found when, I can't remember the original fairy tale now, is it the true
 princess can identify the world's largest pearl down the back of a sofa?
 Is it James?
 It's not that.
 It's not that.
 It's not that complete misrememberance of a fairy story.
 Anyone else?
 No, this is something I read in BBC History magazine.
 It was an article by Kate Williams and it's about the La Peregrina pearl and sofa in Windsor
 Castle and how the two things interacted in 1874.
 And it was a woman called the Duchess of Abacorn who was at a party with her husband
 James Hamilton and she momentarily lost a pearl down the back of the sofa but it was enough
 that it was recorded and we now know about it.
 Is it such a massive pearl that it would seriously damage the sofa?
 No.
 How big is it?
 Would you feel a lump if you sat down on it?
 That's what I'm trying to think.
 Like the princess and the P.
 Oh, I was thinking more of the current buns.
 Current buns, yeah, true.
 Yeah.
 If you sat directly onto it with no sofa involved, you would feel it on your bum.
 Yeah, sure.
 In the sofa, I don't think so because it is about 11.2 grams in weight, which is about the
 same weight as a world's smallest monkey.
 If you sat on the world's smallest monkey, would you feel that?
 You'd feel it, but not this.
 It's like a cushion.
 You'd feel it for sure, but not necessarily if it was inside a sofa.
 And can you give us a size rather than the weight?
 No, I'm afraid I can give you more versions of the weight.
 So it was 55.95 carrots, four ounces or 223.8 grains.
 How long was this this very large or small weight and with a certain weight?
 How long was it lost for?
 It was lost, momentarily.
 This is a fascinating fact.
 It was weight.
 I've lost my glasses.
 No, there they are on my head.
 It was interesting enough that Kate Williams wrote about a BBC history magazine.
 What I think of the most interesting thing is how small monkeys get these.
 I'm staggered.
 An adult monkey that weighs 11 grams.
 Have you seen those monkeys?
 There's like these monkeys that you put them on your finger and they just hold on like
 a baby baby.
 That's a toy.
 No, you do.
 They do exist.
 That's incredible.
 That's incredible.
 It is incredible.
 I think why it's notable is that this is not just any ordinary pearl.
 It's not just that it was the world largest at the time.
 This is La Peregrina.
 Yeah.
 I said that.
 This is the wonderer.
 This is a pearl that has been part of so much history.
 You can see it in the portraits of Mary Tudor.
 She was wearing this pearl.
 It made it all all the way into the modern day to Elizabeth Taylor who wore it in two movies.
 It's just had this amazing history.
 The idea that you could lose this at all.
 I know.
 Just to say on Elizabeth Taylor, she got given it by Richard Burton, her husband a couple
 of times.
 And she lost it in a dog's mouth again momentarily and the pearl was the same size on both
 occasions.
 But yeah, she lost it and she was really worried because this was a very iconic piece of
 jewelry.
 And she looked in her dog's mouth and there it was extraordinary.
 So pearls.
 Oh, yeah.
 Famous pearls.
 This one's called La Peregrina.
 Right?
 Yeah.
 It's another incredibly famous pearl called La Peregrina.
 Oh my gosh.
 No.
 It's so weird.
 And this one is also one of the most storied pearls.
 This one's been through France, maybe Louis XVI, it was involved in the October revolution
 in Russia, not in a key role.
 What is that?
 La Grina mean.
 Because Peregrina means a female pilgrim presumed, isn't it?
 Peregrina is the wandering one, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 And I don't wonder.
 La Peregrina.
 I haven't actually written down the meaning of it.
 I don't know.
 Isn't it bottled water, isn't it?
 Peregrina, isn't it?
 It's a female bottled water.
 That's it.
 That's it.
 Yeah.
 So you know how mollusks of all sorts make pearls.
 Yeah.
 A lot of all sorts, a few specific sorts.
 So what is it like they get a bit of grit in them and they put something around it or
 something?
 Yeah.
 The main idea is that pearls form around a grain of sand or a bit of grit.
 In fact, it's almost always a parasitic worm that gets inside the muscle or the oyster
 or whatever.
 I know.
 And they just coat it in the sticky stuff and then they keep on coating.
 And that's how pearl develops.
 But this is the amazing thing about how mollusks make them.
 They can moderate the thickness of the layers that they produce.
 I find this really weird.
 If a layer of a pearl is a bit thick on one side, the next layer will be thinner on that
 one side in response.
 Oh, that's why they're pure circles.
 That's why they're perfectly round, is because they're constantly balancing out to make
 it so I know.
 And that this was studied by scientists who cut pearls with a diamond wire saw and then
 polished them and counted the layers and measured the thickness of all the layers.
 That's really cool.
 It's really craft.
 They're actually crafty.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's really beautiful.
 You know what, the oysters that you get pearls in are not the same as the oysters that
 you eat.
 Is that so?
 Yeah.
 They're different species.
 They're in the same family, but that's as closely as they're related.
 So the eater oysters are in Australia dye and the pearl oysters are in their terry dye.
 I thought when you said the eating oysters, I thought very upper-class oysters were very
 well-educated.
 So those two types of oysters are less closely related to each other than we are to the world's
 smallest monkey.
 So while these say the appearance of the world's smallest monkey, he's the size of a pearl
 now.
 It's the size of the world's biggest pearl.
 At the time, which actually is not the world's biggest pearl anymore.
 No, no, absolutely.
 The world's biggest pearl is the gigapurl, which was discovered in the Philippines, and is
 I'd say that one.
 Don't know.
 Yeah.
 It's 27, just over 27 kilos and it's the size of a female chimp.
 That's a hell of a jump from 11 grams.
 Yeah.
 27 kilos.
 But it's not like a really beautiful one.
 It looks kind of a bit ugly, doesn't it?
 But it's not a perfect round pearl.
 No, no, no.
 It looks a bit like a monkey brain.
 I think I saw a picture of it.
 Yeah.
 It looks a bit.
 We didn't know we had it for a long time because this Filipino man who owned it just kept
 it under his bed.
 He didn't know what it was.
 He had it for 10 years and eventually he just had to get it out of the house.
 If James's fact would be a lot more interesting, the pearl was lost for 10 years down the
 back of his sofa, then we could have paid attention.
 I think that interest me is James.
 The thing that interest me is value, all right, so why do we decide that pearls are valuable?
 So for example Mark Twain's great quote, "I wonder how much people would pay for a soap
 bubble, if there's only one in the world that wonderful iridescence you get on bubbles."
 And in some cultures, mother of pearl, that marvellous thing you get inside the shell
 is more valuable than the pearl themselves.
 The Japanese divers used to throw away the pearls because they're collecting the mother of
 pearl.
 And yet, according to Suetonius, the Roman historian, the main reason Julius Caesar invaded
 Britain, do you know what it was?
 It wasn't tin or leather, I think it was because I had the biggest supply of freshwater pearls
 in mussels.
 Really?
 Do we still have pearls?
 The biggest in Europe.
 I've been to a pearl farm in the UK somewhere, I'm sure, maybe it was in the Isle of White
 or somewhere.
 Right.
 But do we make pearls in this country?
 We do.
 I don't know.
 There aren't any pearl factories, I think, but freshwater pearl mussels are a big deal.
 Okay.
 And they're being re-bred and re-introduced, and they're more common in Scotland because
 the waters just lock cleaner up there, basically, and the mussels can survive.
 But yeah, you get British pearls.
 Right.
 And in fact, they're incredibly weird.
 They release millions of larvae into the water.
 That's how they breathe.
 It's called a sperm cast.
 Yep.
 Which is something else around, yeah, yeah.
 And then they hope to get themselves swallowed by a passing salmon.
 This is their tactic, or this is their life cycle, basically.
 They spend a year living on the gills of this salmon or a brown trout, and then they drop
 off the gills after a year and they burrow into the riverbed, and they can live in a riverbed
 for 130 years.
 What?
 Wow.
 There will be some.
 Wow.
 There could be pearls in the UK, which remember Queen Victoria, or which were around in the
 time of Queen Victoria.
 Yes.
 That's crazy.
 That's very nice.
 Well, they might remember, then, if they remember that time, we were talking about the
 fact that this pearl was lost at Windsor Castle, but something was also lost in a sofa
 in Buckingham Palace, while Queen Victoria was Queen, and that was a 14-year-old boy of
 Palace.
 Yeah.
 They just lost the boy.
 Yeah, for a momentarily off for a hundred and a half years.
 Was he larger or smaller than the world's smallest monkey?
 He was called Boy Jones.
 He's quite famous.
 Edward Jones.
 He was the first ever celebrity stalker, broke into Buckingham Palace multiple times, sat
 on the edge of a bed once, took her underwear, boy Jones.
 Oh, boy Jones.
 Yeah, he hid under a sofa at that point.
 Was he actually a boy?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it was 14.
 Yeah, 14.
 I don't think he was taking the underwear because he was a pervert.
 I think he was just wanting to show that he would, he'd been there.
 Well, he was a 14-year-old boy, so it was probably a bit of a pervert.
 It's all like all 14-year-old boys.
 Yeah.
 Tell me if I'm wrong about this, but I think they caught him, and then they let him go,
 and then they caught him again, and then they sent him to Australia.
 Yeah, they were like, "Okay, you've broken in twice.
 Where can we put you that will just make it that slight bit more hard?"
 Yeah.
 To get in Australia.
 Wow.
 Do we know what he did in Australia?
 Did he?
 I think he dishears from history.
 Right.
 Yeah, I think if memory serves.
 I think he took the underwear with him, and he opened a brand of shops called Victoria's
 Secrets.
 Beautiful.
 Beautiful.
 I, you say the world's largest pearl, I researched the world's largest things.
 Okay.
 So the Kuku in the world's largest Kuku clock weighs 23 and a half stone.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 The world's largest container ship can carry 4,282,600 mattresses.
 Oh, but how many mumsets?
 That's what we all really want to set.
 And in 2018, in protest at losing access to the sea after a war with Chilean 1884, Bolivia
 displayed the world's largest flag.
 Do you know how big it is?
 It's three meters wide and 200 kilometers long.
 Sorry, yes, I did.
 No, we're just going to continue with that quiz from Biffle.
 Down another point to James.
 You were killing this one.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is John.
 Okay, my fact is, for a shipworm, the most nutritious part of an ice lolly is the stick.
 The perfect companion for a day of the beach.
 Yes.
 You have the lolly there, the stick.
 It's like Jack Spratt had his wife.
 Yes.
 Now, you obviously all know what a shipworm is.
 I'm guessing, but for people who don't know, shipworms are not worms.
 Yeah.
 They are a kind of clam.
 And unlike normal clams, or mussels or oysters, you know, reference the pearls, they don't
 have a proper shell.
 They're shells have evolved to slide off down the body and become a sort of amazing little
 jaw thing, like a little hat, like a little helmet, but covered with lots of tiny teeth.
 And they use these to bore into, they start as tiny larvae as thin as a needle, and they
 bore into ships and wolves and peers and that kind of thing and destroy them by honeycombing
 them.
 Wow.
 They're the bane of mariners and semen and sailors since forever.
 I mean, they're the most extraordinary thing.
 They've altered modern history, haven't they?
 Yeah.
 Like, basically, they have transformed the world we live in.
 They're known as the termites of the sea, such an invasive problem.
 There's something mystical and magical about these things.
 There's a shipworm in every historical event that's on water.
 So in 1503, shipworms honeycomb the hulls of Columbus' ships on his fourth voyage, two
 of them sank and had to be abandoned, and the other two, they just managed to get to
 Jamaica where they were considered unsee-way.
 They were trapped there for a whole year, all of Columbus' men.
 In 1580, when Francis Drake reached London after circumnavigating the globe, the golden
 hind was rotten and spongy from shipworm and never sailed again.
 On James Cook's first voyage, his ship, HMS, and there was so badly damaged by shipworm,
 it had to be hauled onto land and repaired three times.
 It just goes on.
 Shipworms helped England defeat the Spanish Armada for Christ's sake.
 Really?
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Because the Spanish ships were much bigger and more powerful, but the shipworms made them
 weak and so cannibals would go straight through this rotten wood.
 Right.
 That's very cool.
 I mean, the cannibals had something to do with it.
 Yeah.
 I mean, that's, yeah.
 Their point of origin isn't even known, really, because they've just been spread worldwide
 by boats.
 So any time a ship takes it somewhere.
 Cryptogenesis, like, you know, the cryptid factor.
 That's what it's called.
 Oh, really?
 If you don't know where something's from, it's called cryptogenesis.
 Right.
 Or knows where the cryptid factor came from.
 Or where it's going.
 Wikipedia is very, I'd say, is very horny for shipworms.
 It describes them as a group of saltwater clams with long, soft, naked bodies.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 It's quite something, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 You know, we all have naked bodies until we put clothes on.
 Well, that's true.
 But are they long and soft?
 This is for sperm cast, Andy.
 Well, I saw a description of, they don't look very nice shipworms.
 It says, a shipworm's head under its little shell helmet looks like a blend of wet lips
 and diseased intestines, and they have no eyes.
 And they breathe through their bottoms.
 I think, if you look like a mixture of wet lips and intestines or whatever it was, it's
 probably good that you don't have any eyes.
 That's true.
 Well, also, they don't need to, they're very interesting things biologically, because they
 don't, I think, have to find a partner, because they all start out male.
 They just live as teenage boys, basically, on ships, burrowing into that.
 Then they just steal in queens underwear.
 That's it.
 Yeah.
 I think they just release sperm.
 Then they turn female.
 Then they just absorb the sperm that they just release when they were a teenage boy,
 and they use that to mate.
 Mmm.
 That's easy.
 It's an insult stream.
 It is.
 It absolutely is.
 So, wood eating creatures are called xylophages, as I'm sure you know.
 Now, of course, why do they eat wood?
 The answer is because wood is mostly made of cellulose, and cellulose get this, is entirely
 made of glucose.
 Did you know that?
 Oh.
 So, if you can digest wood, it's extremely nutritious.
 I mean, it really is.
 Yum.
 That's why a shipworm would love an isolate, but only the stick it would want, because
 there's more glucose in the stick than there is in the lolly.
 Wow.
 I see.
 And that's why you shouldn't eat the stick of your lolly, because they're actually just very
 sugary.
 Yeah, yeah.
 If you had the right bacteria inside your stomach, you would be able to eat it, right?
 Because it's in all these animals that eat wood.
 They have some special bacteria in their stomach that can digest the wood.
 Is that right?
 Yes, that's right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So, why do we not do that?
 There must be some kind of pill you can take to give you that, like some kind of
 yackel that will give you the wood bacteria.
 Yeah.
 Like a bacteria transfer, right?
 I imagine a race of super soldiers who can just eat the wheat forests that the enemy are
 hiding in.
 Exactly.
 I just want to make the end of a bath very different, doesn't it?
 I just want to give a shout out for the positive side of shipworms, because obviously they
 look disgusting and they do all this damage and so on, but you know, one study estimates
 that shipworms have sunk more ships than pirates, I thought that was rather lovely.
 But they also do good things, and there's nothing good or bad in the universe.
 It's just, it depends which angle you're coming from.
 So for example, they're responsible of cleaning up more driftwood in the world than anything
 else.
 And the rotary accents, so the way they drill is that little toothy, helmety thing, rotates
 eight to ten times a minute.
 And this inspired Mark Brunel, Isambard Kingdom Brunel's dad, to invent the rotary tunneling
 machine that dug the first tunnel under the Thames, and which is still essentially used
 today.
 Wow.
 That's all to do with shipworms.
 So good for them.
 Very cool.
 And they gave us the industrial revolution.
 Did they?
 Shipworms.
 So kind of, yes.
 So because Britain needed metal ships to stop the shipworms from burrowing, we had to
 get lots of metal on what did we have, because Julius Caesar wasn't bothered about it, lots
 of copper.
 And so we had to get at the copper, but it's underground.
 So you need to do lots of mining, and then there's lots of water under the mines.
 You need to get the water out, how do you get the water out?
 You create engines and Thomas Buchmann created the steam engine to drain mines, because we
 needed the copper, because we needed it to get rid of shipworms.
 And that is essentially what started the industrial revolution.
 Amazing.
 It's so cool.
 Lollie sticks.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Do you remember when they had jokes on them?
 Oh, yeah.
 They're not still.
 No, they got phased out in 1988, do you know why they got phased out?
 I was.
 Because there was a reason that they gave, and then there was the actual reason.
 Because of woke.
 Because of woke.
 In 1988.
 Yeah.
 Because of early woke.
 What?
 Why?
 What was the reason they gave out of date jokes?
 Oh, that come on.
 In Britain, the land of the cracker.
 The land of the cracker.
 I would it.
 OK.
 I'm going to give you that.
 The official reason was that people had more sophisticated tastes than to, I mean, they're
 selling these to children, right?
 Yeah.
 So just get what joke tastes?
 Yeah, yeah.
 What do they want, like lengthy observational stuff on the thing?
 Just stupidly sense.
 But the actual reason is because they were selling them abroad.
 So you had a big batch of ice lollies that you made.
 Right.
 And they wouldn't all be sold in English-speaking countries.
 So there's no point putting English jokes on there, because 50% of them would be in Spain
 off of France, Hollywood.
 Yes.
 Such a shame.
 I remember having jokes on my lollies today.
 Yeah, sure.
 I don't remember that.
 But I was born in 1987.
 So I would have, I kind of been having them when I was a year old.
 Well, they occasionally bring them back for a very short amount of time.
 I think in 2012, Wolves did a thing where they asked a lot of people to send in jokes that
 they were going to print on the sticks and maybe for six months they did it.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 So it comes in and out.
 But generally speaking, they got phased out in '88.
 Damn.
 I've some ice lollies stuff.
 Did you know that it was invented in Churin?
 What's it?
 Yes.
 Along with Vermouth, Nutella and Ferro Roche, all invented in Churin.
 In 1937, the chock ice, that was the first, the original ice lollies.
 It was a good year for sweeties, actually, in 1937 because Maltese's, pop its smarties and
 rolos were all invented in the same year.
 Isn't that strange?
 What was that sort of nexus of sweet inventions?
 They must have just invented a lot of the machinery.
 The Canberian explosion.
 The Canberian explosion.
 Really good.
 Yeah.
 Also, you mentioned.
 So close to being a joke like that.
 Almost.
 No, I really like it.
 The Canberian explosion.
 The Canberian explosion.
 The Canberian explosion.
 The Canberian explosion.
 The Canberian explosion.
 Yeah, it doesn't work.
 It's so close to a joke.
 It's very close to a joke.
 That's my radio show.
 Welcome to a very close to a joke.
 So, shall we talk about what we're talking about eating things?
 I think people eat shipworms.
 Yeah.
 Some places.
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 They don't look nice, but they are delicious.
 And they are also incredibly nutritious.
 Shipworms have more protein than beef, as well as being rich in iron, zinc, selenium and
 vitamin B12.
 And you said Dan, they're called sometimes the termites of the sea.
 Yes.
 And a termite contains twice as much protein as solo in steak.
 They're...
 I'm not going to say taking it off, but I think the world's first modern shipworm farm
 was founded a couple of years ago because they convert Borealwood to very edible protein.
 But they're so brilliant, because if you're farming salmon, for example, in order for the
 salmon to have something to do, you've got to collect four times as many tiny fish for
 this.
 This is ecologically incredibly damaging fish farming, whereas you just chuck a crappy old
 log of driftwood into the thing and shipworms eat that, and it's incredibly effective environmentally.
 Yeah.
 They grow really fast, as well.
 And they grow.
 The shipworms grow.
 What is it?
 20 times as fast as muscles.
 Which, obviously, we all like.
 Are we eating shipworm food then?
 Is it out there?
 Not yet, but it is.
 These two guys at Cambridge, David Willer and Bizarrelli, a guy called Ruben Shipway, started
 the thing called the naked clam project, because, as Andy said, they're sort of naked because
 they don't have a shell.
 And they reckon this is going to solve world malnutrition, because not only they're very
 nutritious, they're environmentally safe.
 And they've got this amazing thing is, in the tanks where these shipworms nibbling on the
 driftwood, they chuck in a few garlic capsules as well, so that you get ready garlic clam.
 Oh, my God.
 You know what?
 Next to my house, not far from my house, there was a restaurant opened where all the food
 was made out of insects.
 Oh, yeah?
 In the last, this was in the last year.
 Wow.
 It lasted about three months, because people do not want to eat that shit.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 You must have gone presumably.
 I wanted to.
 And then by the time I tried to buck it, it was already closed down.
 But you wonder why not?
 I mean, one of the many xylophages, along with beavers and woodworm, death watch, beetle,
 is woodlice, which are wood-eating things.
 And they are closely related to the, they're not insects, they're crustaceans, and we don't
 have a problem eating clams or lobsters, but woodlice.
 Well, it's because it's got louse, lice in the title, but the same with shipworms.
 If you call them shipworms, people aren't going to want to eat them.
 If you call them long oyster, yum, yum, yum.
 Oh, was that thing a scoffier went, a scoffier first one to serve frog's legs.
 He called them nymphs of the dawn.
 Brilliant.
 But we can come up with a good name for shipworms.
 We can get in on this.
 When naked clams doesn't do it for me, when one, that doesn't sound, long, soft naked.
 Yeah.
 Black bodies.
 Chocolate willies.
 Try more of that.
 No.
 They already exist.
 One shipworm we haven't mentioned.
 Oh, yeah.
 Giant shipworm.
 Oh, yes, we must have that in.
 Kufus polythalamia.
 It was legendary for a long time, Dan, right up the hill straight.
 Oh, yeah.
 And it doesn't live in the sea, so it's a related species, because there are loads of different
 species of species.
 Yes.
 And we've mostly been talking about the one that eats ships, which is one specific species
 of shipworm.
 This one lives in mud, and it doesn't barrel into wood.
 It builds this chalky case around itself, and it can get up to five feet long.
 Wow.
 It's so big.
 It's the same size as Nicki Minaj.
 Nicki Minaj.
 And 40 times longer than the smallest monkey with a sofa.
 But you said Dan, most shipworms are eight to 18 inches long, and this can be five, six
 feet long.
 But it doesn't eat wood.
 That's the weird thing about this shipworm.
 Yeah, it's bizarre.
 But basically, it was a team of scientists who found one, and they found it because someone
 in the Philippines had taken a film of it on YouTube.
 They'd been searching for it for ages without success, and then someone found it
 on YouTube, basically.
 But you can see them pouring it out of its shell or whatever it is, and it's absolutely
 disgusting.
 It's really, it's the stuff of nightmares.
 It's really cool.
 So if it was called muddy nymphs, would you eat it?
 Yes.
 Absolutely.
 12.
 Yeah.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can all be found on our online social media accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland on Instagram, James.
 My Instagram is no such thing as James Harkin.
 And Andy.
 My name is @AndraHunterRab.
 John, you're also online?
 Yes, I'm on Instagram as John Lloyd, QI or one word.
 Yeah.
 Very exciting.
 And just to remind everyone, the meaning of LIF has been reissued.
 It's the 42nd year, so the meaning of LIF is 42.
 Yes.
 And that's in all bookshops now.
 And online.
 So get it for Christmas for someone you love.
 It is for my money.
 It's the funniest book that's ever been written, John Lloyd and Douglas Adams, the co-writers.
 Now, also, if you want to send us any facts that you want us to put into our shows, either
 Drop Us Align or Little Fish podcast@QI.com is the place to get us all.
 Andy goes through all of those emails.
 He picks out the best bits and we bring them to those shows.
 So do send them in and the way of hearing Drop Us Align is via our very exciting private
 members club, club, fish.
 There's tons of exciting things going on there, including XL episodes of the main episodes
 that you usually hear.
 So all the unreleased material, bonus episodes and so on.
 So just head to patreon.com/nosuchthingasaffish and check out the various different tiers there.
 Otherwise, just come back next week because we're going to be back with another podcast.
 We will see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
