 Hi everyone, welcome to a brand new piece of bonus material. This is the Nosey Singles
 of Fish Breakfast Club. Now we are currently on tour in Australia and New Zealand and one
 bit of time when we spend a lot of time together is over breakfast where we shoot the breeze
 about things that we've discovered recently about how the shows are going and quite often
 about the breakfast itself. So we thought what better way to let you know what it's
 like to be on tour with Nosey Singles of Fish as to record those conversations and put them
 out here. Now you will notice that it's quite an experimental format at the moment. In fact
 I'm not really sure exactly who will be the co-host and maybe you could let us know who
 you think sold the breakfast club best out of our two co-hosts who are in this episode.
 We'll probably do this one and we might do another one a little bit down the line with
 two new people but anyway, really hope you enjoy it and I should really not say any more
 apart from on with the bonus material.
 We're recording. Well, welcome to Andy and James' Breakfast Club. Yeah, welcome everybody.
 This is really exciting. This is something a first in Fish History. Well it's actually
 a first because I'm up for breakfast at the same time as you. Yeah, that's true. For
 just a little bit of behind the curtain wizardry. I think let's sit behind the curtain wizardry
 because that's wizardoise. He is behind the curtain. Yeah, that's fine. That works. I'm
 normally the first to have breakfast at James. Often you don't have breakfast at all. I'm
 not really a breakfast kind of person. No. I'm at one slice of cold burnt toast every
 day with cholesterol spread. I'm currently on my fourth course and so you know this is
 a real cultural meeting here. Well actually because we're in Australia at the moment and
 the time difference in the jet lag and all that stuff, I'm currently waking up at 7 a.m.
 So here we are. We've been thrown together by fate. Dan and Anna, no sign of them. This
 is the worst Robin Cup that's ever happened. You could say cold sliced meat, cute. Oh yeah,
 maybe. Let's work on it. There's a range of breakfast hams over there which I haven't
 really been engaged with at all. Well you're vegetarian. I'm vegetarian. But if you're
 listening to this and you can think of what the name of James and Andy's Robin Cup would
 be, where we meet over breakfast in a star crossed way and do right in and what is that.
 Yeah, do absolutely. Yeah. But what we're going to do I think is we're going to review your
 breakfast, review our breakfasts in all the different places. Are we going to say the
 name of the hotel or not? It depends. I mean it's so nice here but it's been great.
 Okay. And also we're leaving so there's no risk of fans turning up at the door. That's
 true. Well in that case we're at the Crown Plaza in Adelaide and I should just say that
 we're both outmen of the people so we wouldn't book this ourselves. We'd be in some hovels
 somewhere but the entire company put us up in these nice hotels. I think that's established
 our proletariat credentials very nicely. We're currently sat by the window and this
 is the tallest building in Adelaide actually. I see it. Yeah. We're halfway up there. Yeah.
 But there's plenty more to go above us. Yeah. So we've got a really nice view here overlooking
 the hills. This is a very nice city. My first time here. I think yours too. Yeah, for sure.
 What did you do yesterday? I went to the botanical gardens. Oh yeah. And that was very nice. They
 do botanical gardens while the Australians don't they? Well I'm having this display at
 the moment at the botanical gardens here which is all these amazing glass sculptures. At night
 they light up and you walk around them and it's an amazing like a winter wonderland but
 it's that's cool. It's summer here. But I didn't know when I first arrived I didn't really
 pay attention to the sign saying we have glass sculptures everywhere and the plants are already
 pretty weird so I was just slowly jogging around going these plants are amazing. They're
 amazing. And they're all made of glass so it turns out it's the reason because they're
 everything that much weirder than the sound of Australian plants to me. I think that's
 one thing that you anyone who hasn't been to Australia which might be some of our listeners
 that's the first thing that strikes you is the blower and fauna is just so different
 isn't it? I got buzzed by a magpie, a hostile magpie which we've talked about on the show
 and has never happened to me. Yeah. Because British magpies are sensible tame guys. There
 are actual signs around here saying beware of the magpies aren't there? I didn't see
 the signs which is probably why I just and I took a crock I was doing a shortcut across
 a bit of grass and it kept on flying down and flying very near to my I didn't make contact
 but I felt I felt buzzed. I felt intimidated. Well I think to start off with they don't make
 contact today but just warning you you're in their patch. Yeah. So I learned I learned
 that the hard way. What else is? Yeah. So that's nice. Did you learn anything while you were
 down there? No. No facts. Well I was jogging so you know at the speed I go. Oh yeah. I barely
 like buildings move far so fast. Everything's blur, isn't it? Yeah. So I went to the Museum
 of South Australia what can allegedly pace around it rather than running around it as
 you might do and I learned something. Probably going at the same speed actually. Here's an
 interesting thing. Yeah. Did you know boomerangs? You could kill fish with them. They have fish
 killing boomerangs in this museum. Throw them into the water. Yeah. Yeah. They're heavier
 and they're really sort of water dynamic, not aerodynamic. They kind of cut through
 the water and people would use them. It was when it was like a low tide and stuff so they're
 not that deep but then you kind of skim your boomerang along the water and as it cut through
 the water it would kill the animals to be able to eat them. Isn't that amazing? I know
 like you say you are vegetarians so you don't want to kill them but in those days you know
 I'll kill fish. It was less trunky. I won't eat them. I won't eat them afterwards. So that
 was pretty cool. And they had so many boomerangs here. It's like that largest number of Aboriginal
 artifacts in any museum anywhere in the world. And yeah, there must be 500 boomerangs. If
 there was two, there was 500. And there were definitely two. There were at least two. What
 are we going? There must have been 500. So let's get onto the main important thing at
 hand. Yeah. You're currently on your which course of breakfast? This is four. This is
 four and actually your fourth course is actually quite a few. It's almost like a smorgasbord
 of different things. It's mixed carbs. Mixed carbs, right? We started with the Bertram
 Muesli which was fantastic. I've heard a lot of people say, think about Australia as it's
 the produce. The produce is so good. Oh yeah. And it's actually three. Protein is unbelievable.
 Is that right? The raisins are the size of small dogs. They're so massive. In this Muesli
 I started a raisin. I was still eating it five or six minutes later. What's going on
 with the threads? They're huge. That is interesting. They're really big. Isn't that whole point
 of raisins that you remove all the water and that's how they get tasty? Oh my god. Yeah,
 you're right. I would have thought like the best raisins would be really dense like a
 neutron star. No, they aren't. But these raisins were bigger than British grapes. Oh my god.
 So how big must these grapes have been? I have no idea. They must have grapes the size
 of a watermelon. It's amazing. So the Muesli, very good. I came with this sort of pruny
 mix on top. That's disgusting. I just eat a star anise. I do. It has a lot of star anise
 and cloves mixed in. Oh that's good. So it's going to taste quite Christmassy or watermelon.
 It did actually. There's quite a lot of jeopardy. Am I going to eat a whole star anise? Yeah,
 I'm stuck in my throat. My wife baked some pumpkin pie this Halloween and she's a very
 good cook, my wife, but she put whole cloves in it and then did remove them or anything.
 So in your first bite, you chopped on a clove. You literally couldn't taste anything else.
 For the next couple of days, actually, all it was was cloves in your mouth. Never tried
 biting a whole clove. I wouldn't recommend it. It's not good. But no cloves in this breakfast.
 So you had your Muesli and then what was your next part? Course two is just patty planting
 yoghurt. Oh yeah. A large part of mixed berry yoghurt. Very nice. From South Australia, I
 think. Well the thing about South Australia is the prod is just so good. Part of the proceeds
 for this yoghurt go to benefit little heroes, which looks like a charity. That's nice. That's
 why I baked it. Is it for the charity? I do. I do. I do. I don't like to talk about the
 yoghurt side. The yoghurt I eat. But I do eat a lot of yoghurt. Yeah. When they have
 those telephones on television, you're just saying they're going to be eating a load of
 yoghurt at you. So this is the little heroes. They're always saying, do you want to do something
 a bit more creative with yoghurt this year? Do you want to have a bath in the yoghurt?
 Or do you want to be, like, gangled by yoghurt? I said, no, no, no, thank you. I'll just keep
 on wanting to do my way with this large pile of yoghurt. Yeah. Very good. But it was good.
 But I don't want to talk about course two too much because it was just, you know, it's
 pretty package yoghurt. It was fine. It's great. But course three, the cookie. Oh, yeah.
 And when you say cookie, you don't mean a biscuit. No, actually, I forgot the cookie
 was the word. Yeah. You called me in the morning before my vocab was warmed up. So it wasn't
 a cookie at all. It was a cookie for breakfast. Yes. And that was really good because they've
 got, obviously, they've got the cherries here. The scramblies are good. The scramblies, yeah.
 The main index. Beanies. Beanies, great. I can see there is a remaining mushroom left
 on the plate that you didn't eat. And I have to say, everyone will have their opinions on
 what should constitute a cookie, but for me, mushrooms shouldn't constitute a food stuff
 really. But you just don't, you just don't like them. Yeah, that's true. Even seeing this
 one on the table. I'll tell you, I'll revolve my plate. There we go. Oh, that's great. The
 mushrooms were nice. And that's good because I can see the cherries eating yoghurt better
 now. Yeah, that's great. But you don't like to talk about that. Okay, and what else?
 Scramblies, beanies, mushroom. Oh, here's an interesting thing. There's the remnants
 of sauce on here. Very nice. But I did notice they don't have HP sauce here. No, they've
 got a stone of ketchup, which is very nice. But the other thing they had, they've got
 hash browns. We'll try a couple of. Steamed vegetables. So you feel, even though you're
 on your third course of breakfast, like, actually, I'm doing this for my health, which is a very
 nice feeling to have. Did you have some steamed those? Yeah, the broccoli, sweet garlic, carrots.
 You'd be hard-pressed to find someone in the UK who thought that was a constant. Oh, absolutely.
 Cookies. Also, the thing that they've also got up there, which I had the last couple
 of days, they've got arancini. Oh, that's right. Spinach and squash. Arancini. I buy arancini
 as a breakfast, actually. Yeah. Because if you are brunch, really, but if you make risotto
 the night before and you've made too much, there's nothing better than turning it into
 an arancini bowl next morning. It's just like a wet hash brown. Yeah, you're not really
 selling it there, but... Hash wet. Yeah, I like that. I thought the sausages
 went a bit insipid. I know you want the pizza now because you're a vegetarian. Vegetarian.
 But weirdly, they're a lot smaller than the British sausages. Yeah. And they've got chicken
 sausages, which I always find a bit. Yeah. Sort of a crime against God and man. Well,
 in a way, they're a crime for God because often people do cardy-poor for religious reasons.
 No. Are they? I believe so. That's interesting. I understand. But no, I agree. I don't trust
 the chicken sausage either. I think it's because the pig is basically the shape of a sausage,
 but the chicken is not. You know the beef? Yeah, yeah. How are you turning that into
 a sausage? There's something, something a bit round that's been done there to the chicken.
 I've got a lot to tell you about the manufacturing process of meat, but we don't have time for
 that today. The pork sausage, it's fine, aren't they, right? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Right.
 What they do is you know how you can tell the age of a tree. What you do is you put a little
 boring instrument into the tree. Yeah. You turn it around, you pull it out, and then you've got a
 cylinder of wood, and you can see how many rings there are. Yeah. Well, that's how they make sausages.
 They put one of those instruments into a pig, twist it around, pull it out, and then you've got a
 perfect cylinder of pork. Of course. And the pig can carry on living. That just, that just grows
 back. That's amazing. Yeah. And that's why they're saying how the sausage gets made is a positive
 one. It really is. You want to see how the sausage gets made? Yeah. Yes, please. It's extremely
 awesome. Okay, so we've talked about the cookie. And now we're mixed carbs. Now we're mixed carbs.
 And what you have left on your plate is a small pan of chocolat. Yeah. And a slice of toast.
 Yeah, raisin loaf with honey. Very nice. Yeah? Yeah. Give it a thumbs up. I'm giving it a thumbs up.
 I've already had some banana cake. Yeah. And I haven't been eating too much while we've had this
 time, but just for a bit of foley. Oh, yeah. To make clear what's going on. Okay, that's good.
 Do you at home walk that? Do you want to hear that? I think you know what we're going for here.
 We're going for the club fish members, but ultimately we're going for the ASMR. I'm just,
 I'm just chewing the toast now. That's good. It's a bit of character work around me there.
 It's sexy stuff, isn't it? When people do ASMRs. I see. I thought you were doing a David Attenborough.
 Oh, no, no. I was trying to do an online pervert market. Just to say, we're not saying that David
 Attenborough is an online pervert. Sorry, not. Yes. Okay, well, that's Andy's breakfast. Are you
 going to give us an out of 10? I'm going to give it four chicken sausages out of five. Wow. That's
 really good. Not giving you much space to go. No, it's been very good. That's true. And I should
 talk about my breakfast. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah. So I've had a coffee and it's a very nice coffee,
 and I'm going to give it four coffees out of five. Lovely. Okay, well, thank you very much for
 listening to Andy and James's breakfast club. We're not sure this is even going to go out,
 but if it does, it'll go out on club fish. And if I wake up early for any of our future
 breakfasts, we'll do this again. Okay, we're recording. So welcome back. I mean, welcome to
 James and Dan's breakfast club. Dan, if you've heard that I've been doing this with anyone
 else, it's not true. Yeah, there was rumours yesterday. No, no, you were my first choice to
 co-host this show, where we look at the breakfast that we've had on tour so far. So where are we
 right now? We're at the QT Hotel in Perth. Yeah, surprising to get Andy because he loves breakfast.
 Yeah, he does. Yeah. He's a very busy man. Yeah, he is. And it's a sacred time for him.
 Breakfast is the most sacred time for Andy of anything that I know of. If he was a religious
 man, the religion would be breakfast. Yeah, he's like a hobbit, isn't he? Except, well,
 hobbits have multiple breakfasts at different times of the day. I did not know that. He doesn't
 in one go. Yeah, he's a breakfast king. He's a breakfast fiend. I was really worried. But he's
 not on this podcast. Well, that's just me and you, Dan. I think that's, yeah. It shows my favourite.
 That's good. Thank you. And so what we're going to do is we're going to review our breakfasts.
 But first of all, we are in Perth. Yeah. This is our second day in Perth. What have you been up to?
 So yesterday, I went, I've been doing this on, and I will be doing this for the whole tour every
 city we go to. I just go on a secondhand bookshop crawl. So I hit up about four secondhand bookshops,
 the furthest away, which was about a 40 minute walk to get to. So are you buying new books in
 all these places? Well, no, famously, I'm buying secondhand books in all these places. Did I say
 new? I know you mean, am I buying new to you? New to me. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Are you buying,
 really? So your baggage just goes up. Or do you throw them away once you've finished with them?
 No, I purposefully only packed one pair of underpants and socks. That explains so much.
 But I did know I underpacked because I know that I'm going to be filling it up with toys for my kids
 and with books. Amazing. But they're very expensive here, books. It's a, this was always a big problem
 when I was growing up here is that you couldn't, like I felt like I couldn't afford to read. The
 UK is so much better. Book prices are fantastic. It really does explain a lot about your personality.
 I think the listeners will agree that you are unable to read books until you left Australia.
 Well, I, you know, we do have libraries and stuff here, but, but I'm a book owner. I need to own
 the books. How many books do you reckon you own? When I first moved in with vanilla, we were in a
 one bedroom flat and I had about 2000 books and I got rid of a lot of them. I gave them to charity
 shops and then like, you're going by in the back. Yeah. But weirdly, I was buying, I would get home
 with a few books I bought and I'd look inside and I had my name in it. And I was like, oh my god,
 I've re-bought the book that I, but I also used to have to keep the books outside in a bag. So I'd
 visit my books outside of our apartment in the garden out in the back. So at the moment, I'd say
 I've got like 2000 books, I reckon. Wow. Okay. I got a good fact about Perth. Oh yeah. This was
 something that someone actually sent into the show. I don't know if they put their name on it. Oh yeah,
 they did. Adriana sent in this fact. Perth's first female town planner, Margaret Failman,
 proved the town of Quinana needed to be established further back from the industrial strip by
 walking to the beach and setting a pile of tires on fire to show where and how far the smoke drifted.
 Oh, cool. That's clever, isn't it? Yeah, that's really good. I've not heard of her. Fail, what was
 her name? Failman. You'd change your name if you were like trying to show that you could do
 something difficult. Yeah, I guess so. Although, you know, she was the first woman to be a town
 planner after all the men had failed, presumably. Okay. I guess, yeah, if that's, you can spin,
 you can spin your name. Okay, well, let's get to the important matter at hand.
 Yes. Because this is James and Dan's Breakfast Club, where we will be assuming that you don't
 go the way of my former co-host of this show. We will be, sorry, I forget I said that, we'll be
 reviewing all of the breakfasts on this tour. Yeah. We are in the QT in Perth. What do you think?
 Well, this is our second breakfast here because we arrived here yesterday. I had the same thing
 as I had yesterday. That's a good sign. Yeah, that's a good sign. What I had was smashed avocado
 on toast with two poached eggs on the side. Very Aussie, smashed avo. Smashed avo. And do you know
 what? It was dangerous today because I ordered my meal and it didn't come. Uh-oh. And the power
 of knowing that I was about to review the meal was something I've never experienced before.
 Interesting. I suddenly felt like I was a different relationship with what was going on.
 Yeah, yeah. Like the stakes were super high now for that.
 You were mentally marking them down when your food didn't arrive.
 I was very tempted to say, I'm afraid you don't realise but there's a breakfast
 reviewer sitting at the table. Upwards of a dozen people will be listening to this.
 And none of them will live in Perth and probably ever visit Perth.
 But maybe one person will be persuaded. Yeah, it was more just the exciting
 moment of realising I'm now a breakfast reviewer in a restaurant.
 So, okay, did you have a go? I know because I was sat next to you.
 It did arrive. It did arrive. It did arrive. Before I review mine, you had breakfast as well.
 I just had coffee like I have everywhere. Oh, yeah.
 So your breakfast did arrive eventually. In fact, in fairness, you said, oh, I don't think my
 breakfast has arrived and she came within, you know, 30 seconds.
 Yeah. Now, what was interesting is when I said that sentence, yes, it was a very,
 it was the exact words that you just said, like, sorry, I think my breakfast...
 Actually, it was more like, excuse me, I am an important breakfast reviewer. Where's my grub?
 Now, what's interesting is I didn't say that, but the words I said were received like that
 because that was what was behind it. She knew. She went, oh my god, we've got
 Britain's leading breakfast reviewer here. I think you might be slightly overregging your
 credentials given that none of these episodes... In fact, this is the first one we've recorded.
 We haven't even recorded one before this. Forget I said anything about that.
 But yeah, they wouldn't know that you're a breakfast reviewer unless you just give
 off those vibes. Vibes is what I think it's about. I think people know. People know when
 someone's walked into a restaurant who is of a different caliber of review status.
 Well, your review status is obviously, you know, we all know that you're a breakfast reviewer,
 apart from the fact that we've got quite a long way into this episode and you haven't
 reviewed your breakfast yet. You just told us about what a great reviewer you are.
 I'll be honest, I'm so nervous about my first review that I'm stalling. I'm trying to make time.
 Did you hear that story, by the way, where Gordon Ramsay, someone was,
 is a comedian or a podcaster who tells a story and he says he's out to dinner with either on a date
 or with his wife and they're at the Gordon Ramsay's restaurant and she goes outside to have a
 Siggi and so suddenly Gordon Ramsay comes out of the kitchen. He's got a, he's put a towel over his
 shoulder. Yeah, and he's walking around and he goes around to the table. "Hey, how's it going?
 Great, great, great." And then he says, "All right, I've got to get back to the kitchen." He goes back
 into the kitchen and then the girlfriend/wife comes back down, sits at the table and she's missed
 the whole thing and he says, "You're not going to believe what happened." But Gordon himself came
 out and he went and he said, "Hi to everyone." And he's back in, he's back into the cooking.
 And she said, "Oh my god, I was about to say you won't believe what you just missed." Which is,
 she saw a car pull outside of the restaurant. Gordon Ramsay jumped out of it, ran around the back,
 went into the kitchen, came, did his whole thing, came back out, went back into the car and zoomed
 off all while she was having her Siggi. And so apparently that's what he does sometimes. Well,
 he is alive and suing. So we should say that is very much hearsay. And not my story, just passing
 on. Yeah, but wow, what an amazing, you still haven't reviewed this breakfast. Yes, so, um,
 smash Davos. Was it smoking in here? What's going on? It's just the ambiance. It's ambiance. It's
 very nice ambiance in this hotel. It is, it's very good. And also the staff are awesome. Also,
 when we signed for our breakfast, the person said, "Are you staying in the same hotel
 where you're going to?" And we said, "Yes." And she said, "The breakfast there is fantastic."
 That's when we go to Auckland. Yeah, she knows I'm a reviewer. Why else would she say that?
 Why else would she sort of like hype up their breakfast? Yeah, she's fluffing you for a future
 review. Yeah, you know what's interesting about our breakfast is that this is a hotel that doesn't
 have a buffet. Okay, now we'll get into the point. Every hotel that we go to has a buffet. And so
 I've been nervous every morning because I'm worried that Andy's going to have a horrible day
 because of his three breakfast situation. He's now limited to one course. Yeah. So listeners to,
 no, no, not listeners to this, because this is the first one. People who know Andy will know
 that he does tend to take four courses for his breakfast. Yeah. He'll have mixed carbs. He'll have
 what he calls the cookie, the cooked part. He'll have various different things. But he can't do
 that here because you're given a menu and you have to choose something off the menu. Yeah. So I
 saw him at breakfast yesterday and he actually was dealing with it okay. Was he? Yeah. But he said,
 lean times for Murray. And I think he must have gone out and had more breakfast because I can't,
 he can't live like that. No, he's got magic rings to find. Is that what happens in a hobbit?
 There is a one ring. Is there a magic ring? Yeah. It's the ring. It's the one true ring.
 Okay. So they gave you a menu. Yeah. And you had to choose something off the menu.
 You chose the smashed avo and eggs. Yeah. How was it?
 Yeah. It was, I love Australian food, right? The produce here is amazing. It's next level.
 That's the first time I've heard that actually. Produce really. Yeah. That's good. That's interesting.
 Yeah. I think every bit of food here in my experience, but I'm an Aussie so I'm biased,
 but I think it's far superior to most countries that I've been to. I think if you ask people around
 the world to name which country has the best cuisine, you'd be hard pressed to find anyone
 outside of Australia who would say Australia. Yeah. I know. So I'm bigging it up. I'm giving it.
 So you really enjoyed your smashed avo? I did. Well, what happened is when they gave it to us,
 I asked for some chili. Gemini Tabasco said, and she came back with two options. She gave me the
 house bottle, which as I'm to understand it, only reviewers get handed. And she gave me the Tabasco.
 So here's somebody definitely knows. She's pushing the locals. She's like, we need to get him
 talking about our chili. And hey, well done, lady. I am. It could be that they just have really,
 really good service. Yeah. And everyone gets treated really well. Not just you because they
 think you're a reviewer. Interesting. We'll never know. We will never know. Because yesterday,
 I wasn't a reviewer. I don't feel like I got the service I got today. I certainly didn't get a
 second house chili yesterday. No. Did you ask for Tabasco yesterday? No. No, that'll be a part of
 it probably. At least part of the reason you didn't get given two is because you didn't even ask for
 one. That could very well be yes. Yeah. But there was someone at our table yesterday who had scrambled
 eggs on toast. And I inherited half of their scrambled eggs because it was overflowing because
 there's so much produce here. The produce. It's so much produce that they can't, they have to get
 rid of it all. Otherwise it's just going to, so if you order eggs on toast here, you're getting
 quadruple the amount of eggs because they need to shift this stuff. And so, yeah. So I actually
 had a breakfast and a bit of someone else's breakfast yesterday. Yeah. So you're also allowed to have
 coffee. Yeah. Had one. Which is what I have for breakfast. Yeah. A coffee. And my coffee was very
 nice. I did want a black americano and was looked at as if I just invented some new words. Yeah.
 Because that's not what they called in Australia. But they did eventually give me something that
 resembled that and it was, it was extremely delicious. So yeah, coffee I would say definitely a solid
 three and a half teaspoons out of five. Oh, okay. And what would you say? What is your
 final score for your breakfast? For my breakfast? This is your big moment reviewer. Yeah. This is
 your review, right? Okay. Everyone, a lot of people, when you've got breakfast reviews,
 they don't really read all of the pros. Yeah. Who cares? They just want to see that score at the
 top. Yeah. And that will make them decide whether they're going to eat breakfast in a place. Yeah.
 Okay. Well, there's obviously a lot of things to take into account. One thing was the bread,
 which looked like a very hardened bread, was extraordinarily easily sliceable. That was a
 real big difference. Like sometimes if you get a big sort of chunk of sourdough,
 especially if it's toasted, yeah, it can be quite chewy and difficult to eat. Exactly.
 This was smooth as hell, very useful to cut in half because I was able to experiment with the
 local chili oil versus the Tabasco. Yeah, exactly. And so chili oil review, actually,
 the Tabasco had more kick. So I would say, you know, they need to work on that. So that's,
 I'll give that two flaming bum holes out of five for the chili. Two flaming bum holes, okay.
 Yeah, for the chili review. For the meal itself, I'm going to give it a three. Three out of five.
 Three. Yeah, it wasn't extraordinary. It was down the line good. The produce, as I say, is
 wonderful. So, you know, five out of five for the produce. But the staff are amazing. They made
 you feel like you were a breakfast reviewer. Oh, yeah. Okay. Well, this is the first of, I'm sure,
 many episodes of James and Dan's Breakfast Club. Oh, I look forward to being back for
 the next app. Yeah. Yeah. I'll let you know. I'll drop you a WhatsApp when we're next doing it.
 If I don't drop your WhatsApp, it's probably because we just dropped the feature. We're just
 not going to run it because obviously it's an experiment. So don't worry if I don't get back
 to you on that. But thank you, Dan Shriver, for your excellent review. Oh, thank you,
 yeah, for having me and your welcome.
 (upbeat music)
