 Hey everyone, welcome to the very first episode of Little Fish.
 This is the show where instead of talking about our four favorite facts from the last seven
 days, we have gone through the podcast at qi.com inbox and selected your best facts.
 We're going to be doing this every Monday.
 So if you want to join and be part of this extra special Monday bonus episode, just send
 in your best facts and we'll be reading them out each week.
 So let's get into it.
 I'm sat here with James Harkin and Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Hello.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 This is from Daveli.
 It's about an executive leaving a job at McDonald's UK after 18 months in post.
 Okay.
 And the reason it's a great fact is because her name is Zoe Hamburger.
 In fact, she was promoted within the McDonald's trucker.
 She's gone off to run McDonald's Netherlands.
 She said Hamburger has been my name my entire life.
 So as you can imagine, it has always made people do a bit of a double take.
 I've never heard of anyone else with that.
 I know.
 There's a comedian called Neil Hamburger.
 Is it his real name?
 No.
 That feels like it's not nice.
 It's not called Neil.
 I found a report on this from the Metro, which I just want to read a line from it.
 Despite her name being the beefy snack item, that is the best thing of our journalism
 isn't it?
 There's a name for it, I think.
 Second mentions.
 Second mentions where it's like a duck across the road.
 The waddling.
 The foul.
 Despite her name being the beefy snack item, she said her fate.
 The favourite menu McDonald's item is the double cheeseburger.
 Believe it or not.
 I do believe it.
 I absolutely believe it.
 Anyway.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that's really good.
 I do.
 So I guess her relatives or her ancestors came from Hamburg.
 Exactly.
 That's what it is.
 We don't really have names like it.
 Do we?
 We don't have sort of like Tony Scalcer.
 Do we?
 Oh, we do.
 Yeah.
 No, we absolutely do.
 Like Michael Bolton.
 Oh, yeah.
 But that's not because his real name is Bolton.
 He changed his name.
 What?
 Michael Bolton's real name is Michael Bolton.
 That's it.
 Yeah.
 There's been a news Bolton.
 Is that it?
 Yeah.
 He changed it.
 He changed it.
 But there are many people whose surname is the name of a town.
 Yes.
 Jack London.
 Sydney, Swini.
 Swini's not a place.
 There are the Sydney's.
 And you can put in.
 Yeah, but it's a first.
 But her relatives were in that 1970s cup show.
 I'm struggling to think of many UK plays of Jack London, you're absolutely right.
 The Earl of Bristol.
 Of course.
 I'm just actually struggling to think of place names at the moment.
 But 100% there are some surnames where it's where you came from.
 Like someone in English, Harris English, the golfer for instance, Sarah Brighton.
 She's a person.
 Oh, okay.
 Isn't she?
 Sarah Brightman.
 Okay.
 Okay, Dan.
 Keep going.
 Sorry.
 Maybe you will get one.
 Brooklyn Beckham.
 Oh god.
 Oh god.
 Anyway, just a little extra report on this from BM magazine, which actually stands for Business
 Matters.
 And not as I thought, bowel movement, um, you get that.
 You get that on charts.
 Hospital charts and things will say BM 3PM or whatever.
 BM.
 It's a very regular publication that line, isn't it?
 Really worrying if you haven't had an issue for two or three days of BM magazine.
 And you need to buy prunes, prunes, prunes quarterly.
 Um, but just they found a lovely extra detail, which is just hamburger has been succeeded
 as chief, as UK chief restaurant officer by Patrick Gerber, who takes over responsibility
 for restaurant operations across the country.
 It is good that Gerber has no responsibility for the operations in France as his surname
 in French means to vomit or to puke in a slang context.
 Interesting.
 How good is that?
 That's BM magazine, delivery of the goods there.
 That's really good.
 Here's another thing about Gerber.
 I think I might have to cut this because I might be wrong, but I think it's a baby food company
 Gerber or an old one.
 They might not be around anymore.
 Right.
 And there was a famous thing where they issued some baby food in a country where everyone
 in that country, if you ever saw a picture on a packet of food that you would think that's
 what's inside the food and the baby food had a picture of a baby on it and everyone
 said that the country thought that this baby food was actually food made of babies.
 That's very good.
 I think.
 That's very what I used ago.
 I bought a bike for my son for Christmas and it had a picture of a baby riding the bike
 on the front.
 And on the box it did say baby not included.
 Yeah.
 It's funny.
 Should we move on to our next slide, James?
 You got something?
 OK.
 This one is from Wayne Height, H-O-I-T. It looks like although it looks like a misspelling
 of halt.
 It's Height.
 Wayne says spiral staircases are not spirals.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Point of information.
 Yeah.
 Sure they are.
 Well, he says that although they are cold spiral, they are actually helical.
 They are helixes.
 A real spiral twists with an increasing or decreasing radius.
 For example, a spiral on or he doesn't say this, but for instance on a snail shell, you
 know.
 Kind of goes out like that, but a staircase always has the same radius.
 Like it's not getting wider as you go up.
 No.
 Is it?
 It's always going to be about the same width at the bottom as it is at the top.
 Right.
 And if you, a helix is basically something, a line which you draw around a cylinder.
 Right.
 And he says, I guess they're called spiral because unfortunately most people have no idea
 what a helix is.
 But I think people know what, like double helix.
 They're famous.
 Yeah.
 DNA fame.
 So are there any actually spiral staircases where the building gets wider and wider and wider?
 Well, here's the, here's the interesting or probably not very interesting point.
 Some people say that a helix is a type of spiral.
 Other people say, no, they're completely different things.
 And there doesn't seem to be an international body that decides on what a spiral in a helix
 is.
 Wow.
 I think we have run this on QI actually many, maybe in the age series.
 I think we might have done it on their helixes.
 But yeah, we, we have discussed it before and almost come to blows in the QI office.
 James, you're the mathematician.
 I think out of the three of us, you get to make the call.
 I actually, you know at QI, we have a much better mathematician than I am, who's Will Bowen.
 And I think he landed on the side of a helix and spiral being different.
 So I think that's why we ran with it.
 But the other thing that we found when we were researching that was a place called Shator
 du Shambore in France.
 And they have a double helix staircase, okay.
 So it's two helixes, two separate, separate staircases, and what that means is, you can go
 up one staircase while someone else is coming down the other staircase.
 So you don't use up any more space because it's still on the same cylinder, but actually
 two people can go and according to the people who run that house, that stately home, it
 was designed by Leonardo da Vinci, although we're not quite sure if it belongs.
 Wouldn't it be great if you met the love of your life while you were going down and she was
 coming up?
 What do you, you don't meet her?
 Oh, you would never, that's the point about this, that's the whole point of this staircase
 is, isn't it?
 There's one helix going up on the other one coming down.
 You'd never meet.
 You'd never meet.
 You wake up.
 It was all a dream.
 Your whole life down.
 Your lovely wife and your family.
 Oh my God.
 They're not tunnels though.
 You can see each other going down the steps and going up.
 You can't.
 You can't, okay.
 Remember there was some Duke or something who had a lot of tunnels made in his house so
 that he never saw his staff.
 Yes.
 I remember that.
 He was nicknamed the tunneling Duke.
 It's a good, it's a good, had a bad nickname, isn't it?
 I've always wanted to go to Cambridge, there's a very specific pub that serves a double helix
 beer or ale.
 Oh, is it a spread eagle?
 Yeah, it must be.
 It's because it's where the two of them came in, Watson and Crick announced that they'd
 found the secret to life.
 Imagine walking into a pub.
 Imagine I walk into the bow of my arms in Bolton and I just walk in and I go, "I've discovered
 the secret of life."
 People would, I mean, they'd give me short shrift anyway, but also it's pronounced Bolton,
 by the way.
 Shall we move on to another fact?
 All right.
 This comes from Charlie Wakefield.
 Can I just say Wakefield in Yorkshire?
 Well, there we go.
 Great.
 There we go.
 Oh, damn.
 That was right there for you and James snuck in there and got it.
 I am a fellow TV person who's been working in development for over a decade, so I've
 discovered hundreds of fish were the facts, but there's one that has always stayed with
 me.
 Astronauts, in space, still get morning wood.
 Sadly, I found this years and years ago in a paper by NASA, I think, but clearly I was
 much better researcher back in the day because I've been unable to find it again.
 And they all have that problem as a gal.
 That's NASA's suppressing the truth, isn't it?
 No, I mean, there is stuff that you can see out there.
 This is an interesting thing that they actually have to work on because we're planning voyages
 to Mars and so on.
 And what does it do to you?
 Hang on, don't astronauts go through the 17 mornings a day because you're spinning around
 the world.
 Really fast.
 That's a good idea.
 I can fight.
 Yeah.
 Quickly hide.
 Yeah.
 So, basically, there's lots of things that they're looking into.
 For example, cosmic rays, what happens to your body and microgravity.
 So when you're in the ISS, from what I've been reading, it says that the blood will often
 travel sort of to where your chest area.
 So you don't have much blood down in that area to begin with.
 So would you be getting a sort of random morning wood is the question.
 And because we don't know if anyone's had sex up there, we don't know if anyone has had
 a little fiddle up there.
 We don't know what's been going on up there.
 There is a rumor that a couple ones up there, isn't there?
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 So, you don't get an erection when your penis is the lowest part of your body.
 It's not like the blood rushes down there with no vasculatory system to push it around.
 Yeah.
 You know, it's like gravity shouldn't make that much of a difference, okay?
 I see.
 I don't think they think it's a massive influence, but they think it has some influence.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Is that why your penis is so far down?
 Do you think as we evolve our penis is going to get lower and lower and lower?
 Absolutely.
 And just use the gravity to get the blood down there.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah, the end up being one of our toes.
 So I was trying to find if there was any evidence of an astronaut having mentioned this.
 And I did manage to find one astronaut Mike Malayne in 2014 in an interview with Men's
 Health said a couple of times I would wake up from sleep periods and I had a boner that
 could have drilled through kryptonite.
 Wow.
 That's an astronaut.
 That's a lot of superman fires.
 Very confident astronauts, aren't they?
 That's stunning.
 Yeah.
 So that's the one.
 That's the one.
 Maybe that's what you read.
 I think it's like, basically, Superman is in a cage, which is made of kryptonite.
 Yeah.
 I think that even happens in the latest one.
 Oh, really?
 That came out this year.
 But what you need is this guy to drill through kryptonite cage to free him.
 Yeah.
 Mike Malayne.
 Human bore.
 Which is better than the human born nickname than I have.
 I promise you this is a coincidence.
 But my next one is by Lindy Hardstaff.
 And Lindy says, my fight is you can hear a reflezier flower bloom before you can smell
 it.
 So you know the reflezier is the big corpse flower that you get in Southeast Asia and
 any kind of flowers once every few years, maybe, but apparently the petals are so big and
 thick and leathery that each one makes an audible thwack noise as they crack open.
 And Lindy Hardstaff discovered this when doing an overnight shift, monitoring a blooming
 event at the bog, Bogor, not Bogna, how you're shooting Bogor, Botanic Gardens in 2012.
 I've never heard of Bogor.
 That's so cool.
 I was nearly, I nearly got to see one of those flowers blooming when we were on tour in
 Melbourne.
 Oh.
 There was a, there was a museum and it was about a two hour drive out of Melbourne, I think.
 And it had one on display, one of these amazing corpse flowers that opens up once every ten
 years or whatever it is.
 And it was just flowering that day.
 How long did you miss it by?
 Oh, I could have got to it.
 Oh, so you, okay.
 I comfortably could have got to it.
 I tried this not to.
 Oh, wow.
 I was busy.
 I was in Melbourne with my friend.
 That reminds me of the world laziness championships that I was supposed to go to this year and decided
 that the weather wasn't very good.
 So I'd go the next day and when I got there, it had finished.
 Everyone would stood up by the time you got there.
 Yeah.
 Are you serious?
 I can't tell if you're serious.
 That really happened.
 Yeah.
 It's, who could lay down the longest?
 Is this Montenegro?
 It's a Montenegro.
 It's called the world lazy citizen competition.
 And I missed the end of it because I couldn't be bothered leaving, but the weather was bad.
 That's so good.
 The lead way, I feel like you should have won the competition.
 I feel like I'm going to write to the organizers and ask for a special award.
 Yeah.
 That's good.
 Someone travelled all the way over from the UK only to miss it out of laziness.
 Well, I'm quite annoyed because I did email them saying, "Can I come along?"
 And they said, "Yes."
 And I told them what they had come and they didn't email me to say it had finished.
 What were you expecting, James?
 What were you expecting from the world laziness people?
 A roar-hour drive.
 A roar-hour drive.
 A roar-hour drive.
 Into the mountains.
 You couldn't be bothered to reply.
 That's all.
 So go to a church once, that you drove out of your way, forced to Palina to come with you, too.
 I went, there are two rugby union themed churches in France.
 And I'd been to one of them and the other one was only a three and a half hour drive away.
 And when we got there, it was closed.
 Yeah.
 Unbelievable question.
 A rugby union themed church.
 Yeah.
 What's that?
 It's a small chapel where people who are rugby union fans can go and they put like some
 other shirts there and pray for their team to do well.
 Oh, okay.
 And also actually one of the stained glass windows is themed on rugby union as well.
 And the priest throws the community away from backwards into your mouth.
 Very good.
 Yep.
 And when you go and get the way for everyone puts their head in between the person in front slags.
 Are you having been back, presumably?
 No, I can't imagine I ever will.
 Ah, it's such a shame.
 I had that same experience.
 I went down to Yovl Junction train station to go see your haunted buffet.
 And supposedly the sausages levitate and so on.
 I did.
 And I went on a Sunday.
 It was my only chance.
 And I had to explain to Finneller and the kids like Daddy's going to go off.
 I've got to do this thing.
 Long journey.
 I was in London.
 Got there.
 London to Yovl.
 Yeah.
 Did you know where Yovl was at the time?
 Oh, I did have a brief look at it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's a distance.
 It's a distance.
 Anyway, Cap, I wish I couldn't get in.
 Look through the windows.
 Couldn't see anything.
 You imagine if you'd look through the windows.
 You could see a levitating sausage, you couldn't get any further towards it.
 Yeah.
 Maybe that would have been worse.
 Yeah.
 The sausages weren't even out.
 Two levitate.
 Okay.
 Andy.
 Okay.
 Here's one from David Morgan from Sydney.
 This is about Sir Henry Parks, premier of New South Wales in the 19th century.
 Oh.
 Australia's father of federation who got the ball rolling on the six British colonies
 in Australia, joining together to form a country.
 So he campaigned for this.
 Right.
 That's not that's sort of person.
 That's the business end of his life.
 But David Morgan is writing to tell us that he was also in the Australian parlance, a mad
 keen router.
 Oh, no.
 He was married three times, fathering 12 children with the first Lady Parks.
 And after a 22-year gap, five more with the second Lady Parks.
 Wow.
 17 children.
 17.
 The first three were born out of wedlock while the first Lady Parks was still alive.
 She had been his housemate.
 Dinner in the 1890s when Parks was nearly 80.
 The editor of the Sydney Morning Herald innocently remarked, "These oysters are good."
 Parks replied, "I don't need these adventitious aides.
 Lady Parks and I, until quite recently, have been in the habit of having connections 17
 or 18 times every night.
 And we now have connection 10 or 11 times daily."
 Partly recreation.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Super.
 Conor was very quiet though the editor for the rest of the dinner.
 Next later made a splendid speech full of elevated thought and moving language.
 There you go.
 I've got to say, all cultures around the world, I completely appreciate and I think people
 should be able to do whatever they want, whatever they're from and I would never take
 the piss out of anyone or say that anyone around the world is wrong in any way for what
 they do.
 But the word root to mean have sex does not sit well with me.
 Oh, really?
 Interesting.
 Well, maybe you'd like what Parks did as his first job because I did a little bit of
 extra digging on him.
 He was born in Warwickshire actually in England and his first job was as a bone-turner, which
 is kind of someone who I think shizzles and chips and shakes bone and ivory.
 I think it's that.
 Did you use root in UK to mean sex?
 No, that would not mean that.
 It would not mean it here.
 Okay, so a rooter is something you use to connect to the internet.
 Yes.
 Or Joe roots the English cricketer.
 Right, okay.
 Okay, so who has never scored a century in Australia at time of recording?
 He's busy, isn't he?
 Probably so many misunderstandings, whenever he says his name anywhere.
 Yeah.
 James, when we're good at you?
 James, yes, that's the name of the person who wrote in.
 They didn't put their surname just James and they wrote, "Long time, listen, a first
 time caller.
 Hopefully you haven't heard this back before.
 The last piece of Nazi architecture in Berlin is a 12,650 ton concrete cylinder."
 Nice.
 Okay, so this is the Schwurbelastungschupper, meaning heavy load-exerting body and it was used
 to test whether the ground would be strong enough for all the amazing projects that they wanted
 to build in Berlin.
 So they wanted to do like a big arch to celebrate the glorious victory in World War II and they
 thought we could only do this arch if we have strong enough ground.
 So they built this big cylinder that was really, really heavy to see if the ground was strong
 enough to hold it and it turns out that Berlin is a massive swamp and really you couldn't
 put a big arch there, but then they also couldn't move it because it was too big.
 No, I'm still there.
 So they...
 That's bad planning in two ways.
 Firstly you should know that you're on a swamp and secondly you should not put anything
 in without having a plan to take it out again.
 I think nobody accuses the Nazis of being 100% in their plans.
 They've had one or two flubs in their time.
 Yeah, true, yeah.
 A second Russia.
 But yeah, and the thing is that they've never been able to get rid of it because it's
 so big but it's also next to a load of train tracks and apartment buildings so they can't
 blow it up.
 Oh, wow.
 So it's kind of just stuck there as a memory.
 Yeah, 12,000 tons cylinder.
 12,650 tons concrete cylinder.
 That feels big.
 It does count it.
 I think it's empty on the inside because I think you can go and visit it and have a look
 inside.
 Wow.
 You should do a podcast there.
 That.
 Do you think the acoustics will be...
 That's going to be echoey though.
 I think...
 Yes, that's the reason why we shouldn't go and do a podcast in the last piece of Nazi architecture.
 Obviously...
 Obviously, reasons of taste.
 Obviously, reasons of taste.
 Do you remember the last time we played...
 Well, the only time we played Berlin was in that big hall and it was used as a rock and roll
 hall.
 Yes.
 They hadn't had anyone do a speaking gig in there.
 So like all the chairs were set up and I was talking to the guy and saying, "So sound
 guy or something."
 Yeah.
 So you don't do...
 What?
 We're a new concept here.
 As a speaking thing.
 As opposed to a gig and you went, "Yeah."
 And I said, "So what wins the last time you had someone do a talk here?"
 And you went, "Gurbles?"
 I remember that.
 We followed "Gurbles."
 Yeah, I love that.
 Why is it so silent?
 I don't love that.
 Sorry.
 I love that.
 Oh gosh.
 I've got one last one.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 This is from Josh Smith, who...
 I don't know why I picked this as my last factory now because it's quite of a truce.
 It's about steam-exploded donkey bone powder.
 Oh.
 This is just a mad thing that you can make donkeys into.
 Basically, donkey bone is about a tenth of the donkey, but most people don't use it for
 anything, right?
 Okay.
 A tenth of a donkey is bone.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 That's a pretty amazing fact, isn't it?
 It's about 50%.
 It's about 50%.
 If they're in space and it's not.
 How much of us are bone?
 Oh, probably about 10%.
 Really?
 I don't know.
 Amazing.
 I don't know.
 You're right.
 I feel like mine's less than 10%.
 No.
 Do you?
 I do think that, yeah.
 Maybe a bit of that.
 Maybe a bit of that, yeah.
 I think, like, let's round up my weight to 100 kilos, I don't weigh 100 kilos, but let's
 round it up.
 If I take all my bones out, are they going to be too heavy to take us, have them luggage
 on Ryanair?
 Oh.
 That is a very...
 Let's test it out.
 I think we have to.
 Yeah.
 Don't write in.
 I don't know what the level of Ryanair...
 Welcome to Mythbusters.
 Well, we are going...
 We haven't checked the stuff.
 We've just taken out almost all his bones and now we're at Gatwick.
 James' will reading is going to be amazing.
 And my bones, I leave too, along with two tickets to Lanzarote to visit the other rugby union
 based chapel in France.
 So ends the will of the human ball.
 So basically, anyway, yeah, 10% of donkey is bone and it's good stuff.
 There's a lot of good stuff in there, nutritious, but it's very hard to get to because every
 den is very strong.
 There's a donkey around there.
 All sorts of reasons.
 This is why you were fired as a taskmaster, Charlie Dryder.
 Do you pull on this donkey and you've got 30 minutes to do it?
 But basically, to use it, you know, if you are going to kill an animal, you may as well
 use absolutely everything it has.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's, you know, it's an important thing to do.
 You need to crush it to a powder.
 And one thing you can do is do steam explosion, where you basically use high pressure steam
 to kind of reduce it to a powder, you sort of blast it.
 This is a Chinese study because Charlie gets through a lot of donkeys, as I think we did
 in the podcast a few months ago.
 Didn't we?
 Yeah, they're running out.
 Right, they're running out.
 In fact, they're using up everyone else's donkeys and they're running out of them.
 There's a problem.
 Wow.
 Not helped by the use of steam exploded donkey bone powder, but it turns out that when
 you bake cookies using steam exploded donkey bone powder instead of flour, they're rated
 very highly by participants, like people tasting these cookies, which are one third donkey
 bone powder instead of flour, say, oh, that's delicious.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And does it maybe contain like, well, marrow stuff, so it might be okay for you.
 It might, it might, I mean, it sounds like in terms of flavor, odour and overall acceptability.
 This was a Chinese study, so it might be culturally specific, but turns out that might be what
 you're missing in your next bake is a little bit of the old steam exploded donkey bone powder.
 Give that a miss, I think.
 Okay.
 Thanks, though.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Before we wrap up this first episode of Little Fish, we are now going to do something that
 is going to be appearing at the end of every single episode, which is, if you were part
 of the friend of the podcast here on Club Fish, as part of your membership, you are going
 to become the custodian of one of the facts, one of the headline facts from the 600 plus
 episodes of no such thing as a fish.
 And we will give you a shout out to let you know what your fact is.
 And we'll also be sending you a digital certificate to acknowledge it in writing forever on.
 You can put it on the wall.
 You can do whatever you want.
 And this is an honor that cannot be stripped away, right?
 This isn't like a...
 I don't know.
 I think if you do something really bad, like really, really bad, if you're a knight of the
 realm, and you do something really awful, they can take it off you.
 Okay.
 This digital certificate is now your moral compass.
 You need to behave like a person with a digital certificate would, which is a good person,
 a good human.
 I don't want the police like knocking down someone's dark as they've done some terrible
 deed.
 I think the police see on the wall as a custodian of episode 453 of no six things of fish.
 That's the last thing we need.
 We'll then ask us questions, and they'll see how does this go all the way to the top of
 most of things of fish.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think we should say as well, a little bit of the theory behind it, which is that these
 facts, they're endangered.
 Some of them.
 They need support.
 Yeah.
 Many of them are true.
 Some of them.
 Yep.
 Oh, Dan's James isn't out of the truth.
 Imagine if the police are trying to arrest a murderer, they bang down the door, they open
 the door, they look on the wall, they go, oh, did you know that the largest ridiculous railway
 in Swaziland is called Derek, and then while they're doing that, someone's run away.
 Okay.
 So use us as a decoy, do what you want with it.
 It's a lovely certificate.
 And so yeah, why don't we, because we haven't actually launched the tiers yet, why not give
 ourselves an honorary fact each that we will be the custodians of, and we should say please
 join Club Fisher at the front of the podcast, too, because if nobody has joined front of
 the podcast, we're going to have to do that again.
 That's great.
 And we're going to look really stupid.
 Okay, so the way we're going to do it is we're going to be allocating members in sequence
 in a very particular order.
 So the first fact is now going to be allocated to Mr. James Harkin.
 Thank you.
 James, please read us your facts.
 Sorry, I have first, I'd like to say a few words.
 I have an alibi for that night of the third, I was okay.
 So I am a custodian of fact number one in episode number one of nosy things a fish, which
 was that the large Hadron Collider had to be turned off because a bird dropped a bit of
 forget into it.
 It's stunning.
 And what did I eat just before we came on air today?
 A forget.
 A bird.
 Large Hadron.
 So yeah, I'm really honoured to be the custodian of that.
 I promise to look after it well.
 I feel.
 It feels good because it's a fact that can't be proven wrong, because it's a historical
 fact.
 It's happened, unless someone goes back in time, of course.
 But you would need some sort of enormous physical laboratory to go back in time.
 It's impossible.
 Okay, so that's James, congratulations James.
 That's a very exciting fact and your digital certificate is on its way.
 All right.
 So Anna's not with us today, but obviously Anna is getting her own fact and the second
 fact of the show was her fact.
 So for Anna, we will be allocating what is almost the classic fact of no such thing as a
 fish.
 We're that it's the second one that we think is a classic almost like the first one was
 a bit rubbish.
 Hmm.
 It's like a Star Wars films in that respect.
 Yeah.
 Carry on.
 Yeah.
 We want to be custodian of that first fact.
 So this was Anna's fact for the last month of his life.
 US President James Garfield ate everything through his anus.
 Oh.
 What a fact.
 And Anna.
 What a fact.
 Your digital certificate.
 We'll be on its way.
 Done.
 What about you?
 Are you going to get a fact from this?
 I am going to get a fact, but if we're going to go sequential, we should assign each of our
 own facts, I think, for this first episode to each other.
 So Andy, you're your next and your fact comes from James Harkin.
 Yeah.
 Didn't manage to get a fact into the episode one of no such thing as a fish.
 Try for best.
 Oh, welcome.
 James just had two good facts.
 This one, I think it's because it was a Franken show, right?
 It wasn't deliberate.
 It wasn't deliberate.
 It wasn't deliberate, right?
 Ah.
 Hard to say.
 So, yeah.
 It's a good point.
 Like, we made a few shows and then in the edit, we edited again.
 It was a pilot.
 Like, that episode was never meant to go out, but I'll happily take one of James's facts.
 All right.
 So what is it?
 It's that.
 In 2013, six people in the USA named their child Mushroom.
 Very nice.
 Good fact.
 I wouldn't want to be associated with that fact anymore, actually.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 Did you hate mushrooms as much then as you did, as you do now?
 It's been a whole life thing, though.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 For as young as I remember being, I did not like mushrooms.
 Maybe if you'd been named mushroom, you wouldn't now have that phobia.
 I probably would hate it more, because I can imagine the bullying I would have had a number
 of people saying you're a fun guy, which you are.
 Yeah, but I feel like I would have become less and less fun over the years as people
 made that joke to me.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 That's understandable.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Well, those six people in the USA who were named Mushroom will now be 12.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yes.
 Years old.
 I mean, there would have doubled in size.
 Oh, no.
 They may reproduce with spools.
 We don't know.
 That's actually the age that a lot of people who come to our shows who are like kids, that's
 when they start listening, usually around 12, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Well, if you're in the USA and you are named Mushroom and you were born in 2013, do write
 in to podcast@goi.com.
 I wonder if it's gone up over the years, whether or not it'll be a popular name, but now you
 think so.
 Yeah.
 It's a nice popular name in the States.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Well, they go Andy.
 Thank you very much.
 You're official custodian.
 I love it.
 Of the mushroom fact.
 Probably in a few years there will be lots of people named Mushroom after the cloud.
 Go, go.
 All right.
 Shall we assign mine?
 So my fact, this was the fourth fact of the very first episode is that Philippa
 Langley, who found Richard III's bones with an amateur, but nonetheless saw him at a car
 park beneath a huge R, and the bones were beneath there.
 Could have done with an edit.
 Yeah.
 Apologies for anyone who is custodian of dance facts because we won't be able to fit them
 on the certificate.
 I think at the time when I was typing up these episodes, I hadn't yet found my scrupulous
 methodology of writing the headline facts up in a really concise way.
 I don't think I would have said it like that.
 I think you might have said it like that.
 Well, okay, well, that's how it goes.
 We're going to be doing this every week.
 So join Friend of the Podcast.
 You will become the official custodian of one of our facts.
 And as of next week, we'll be going from episode two onwards.
 Yes.
 So if you want to find out how to do that and how to claim your fact, then just go to patreon.com/nosuchthingsaffish.
 And even if you don't join at the Friend of the Podcast, there are two other tiers available.
 All of them contain all sorts of goodies, whether that's ad-free stuff or merch or extra content
 every fortnight or little videos of us doing very, very stupid stuff.
 It's all so much fun and we're very excited to be making it.
 Go to patreon.com/nosuchthingsaffish and check it out.
 And of course, if you want to get your fact on Little Fish, our new show here, thank you
 so much for listening podcast@ky.com.
 Andy goes through all the emails.
 He's going to be cherry picking the best of them and we're going to bring more of them
 next Monday.
 Until then, goodbye.
 [Music]
 you
