 "Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you from the Brighton Comedy Festival.
 My name is Dan Treiber, and please welcome to stage it's a three regular elves, Aniches
 and Skie James Harkin and Andy Murray."
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days and in no particular order here we go, starting with you, James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in 1511, the people of Brussels protested against the
 government by filling the city with dozens of pornographic snowmen.
 It's a pornographic snowman, it's just a snowman that's not wearing a scarf.
 Yeah, how did that work?
 Well I can tell you about the snowmen themselves because they have been described.
 There was a snow nun who was seducing a man, there was a snowman and a snow woman who were
 having sex in front of the town's fountain and a snow naked boy urinating into the mouth
 of a snow drunkard.
 How do they do it?
 When a male snowman and a female snow lady love each other very, no I know what you mean.
 Yeah, because this is a lovely looking snowman and there are final little things added
 in Sunley.
 Or a big thing.
 It really depends on the snowman.
 It's cold, it's cold, it's cold, it's not going to be big.
 Yeah, so actually it was kind of a tradition at the time or it was a few people did it and
 then everyone kind of took over.
 It's known as the miracle of 1511.
 It had been really cold for like six weeks in Brussels, very, very bad weather and there
 had been massive population growth in the city and there was a big wealth discrepancy
 between the peasants and the Habsburgs who were in charge.
 So everyone was generally pissed off with the government and they thought well, how can
 we get our point across?
 Well, the only way to do it is to make a snowman.
 But I don't know how you could do to snow people having sex because snowman is just a ball
 of snow and then a smaller ball of snow and then a ball of snow.
 Yeah, I think these were like a bit more, they looked more like statues.
 Yeah.
 That's very good snow skill though.
 I mean I can't do that kind of, I don't know, I've never tried, maybe everybody can.
 You could do the snow balls that would be on the edge of you.
 For the pre-curve you, snow sculptures, several snow people were involved in a tableau satirising
 the edicts handed down by the local government, which I think sounds like a very complicated
 snow sculpture given the three balls on top of each other we come up with now.
 Yeah.
 They had snow unicorns and snow mermaids and a snow dentist.
 They had two thrillers back in the day.
 So that was what they had.
 And apparently busty snow hookers enticing people into the red light districts.
 So it serves a purpose as well as protesting the government, you know, it can help local
 industry.
 Brussels seems to have very creative protests.
 I was reading, I think it was just this year that they were protesting against the government,
 it was the farmers.
 So the way they protested was they were lined up against riot police but they brought
 their cows with them and then they squirted direct from the utter cow milk at the riot
 police and there's all these photos are right place where their shields going wrong, these
 guys going wrong.
 What are you just looking protests?
 Yeah, so okay, so in Brussels around the time they had all the different classes, the
 class system and all the different classes had their own kind of snowman.
 And so if you were like a poor person, a peasant and you sort of posh snowman down there,
 you detect that snowman.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And there's magistrates got involved and there's court cases.
 How can you tell if a snowman is posh?
 I don't know, maybe the carrot comes from weight rolls or whatever, I don't know.
 You know, you can buy off eBay, a melted snowman and that involves a bowl of water with a carrot
 and two blueberries in it.
 By it, 99p is the starting price.
 I'm the finishing price.
 Also, snowman building kits, you can get now.
 Okay.
 So you have a snowman building kit which just says on the front just add snow.
 There are loads of these.
 So to make a snowman, the best way, this is from an article on the Smithsonian website
 and they interviewed a physicist at Rhode Island College and his name is Dan Snowman and they
 don't ever refer to it throughout the article.
 It's just very politely, don't make any gags.
 And so he says that for one thing, he says that you can make upside down snowman, but he
 said, I just thought you'd like this down, that they are as rare as Sasquatch sightings.
 There's probably never been one, but anyway, the way you make a snowman is there are five
 types of snow in terms of moisture and they are technically named dry, moist, wet, very wet
 and slush.
 It's all about the ratio of free water to actual ice.
 And it is absolutely no fun around Christmas time, by the way.
 I read an article on the website called quarts.com and that was about how to make the perfect
 snowman.
 He said, the temperature is very important, too high a temperature and the snow will lack
 strength.
 I.e. it will be water.
 Do we want to hear some more 16th century snowman?
 Yeah.
 Sure.
 Apparently, Michelangelo built a snowman.
 He was commissioned to build one by Pierreau Medici.
 Commissioned.
 Yeah.
 So he was, Pierreau was like one of the Medici's, but he wasn't like into art like everyone
 else was.
 So he said to Michelangelo, we'll just make a snowman, but apparently it's the best snowman
 that anyone has ever seen.
 Yeah, but everyone says that after they've melted, there's no burden of proof.
 Some people think that it was the basis or they did it as a practice for David, for Michelangelo's
 David.
 Just on the subject of snowmen and religion, there was this January, there was a cleric in
 Saudi Arabia who issued an edict banning snowmen from being built.
 I would imagine not a massive problem inside of you.
 But he said, I mean, I'm sure they get snow in some parts of the country at some times.
 Anyway, he said it is not permitted to make a statue out of snow even by way of play and
 fun.
 And he also said it promotes lustiness and eroticism.
 I mean Brussels.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So we're going to have to move on very soon to our next factor.
 James, you got something else?
 A student who built a four foot fallace out of snow in a park was given a fixed penalty
 of £80.
 So that was a thing.
 Someone else actually said like the worst news report ever.
 So that was a thing.
 I mean, there's Andy with the weather.
 It's going to be cold still, so back to you, if you want.
 There was another snow fine, actually.
 In 2013, a police in Germany gave a parking ticket to a car covered in snow which just turned
 up to be a snow sculptor of a car.
 They issued the parking ticket and then they realised once they'd issued it when they tried
 to scrape the snow off to reveal the number plate and it just kept on going.
 They must have kept thinking this is a really small car.
 The policeman's comment was when he realised that so they left the parking ticket on it and
 the policeman said we can take a joke as well as the next person, but whether it was made
 of metal or snow, it was still obstructing the road and that should have been perfect.
 OK, I'm going to move us on to our second fact of the show and that is Chazinsky.
 Yeah, my fact today is that Harris Hawks stand on each other's shoulders to get a better
 view, which is incredible, too.
 It's also considering they can fly.
 Are they standing on the shoulders of a flying bird?
 No, they're standing on a perch or a cactus or something and then the guy on the cactus
 is like I can't quite see over that tree and then you stand on my shoulders and they've
 been seen up to like, so usually it's two to three Hawks high, you can get four Hawks high.
 Four Hawks standing on each other's shoulders, it's amazing.
 And yeah, we're not entirely sure why they do this, but it could be a number of reasons,
 so to get a good view of, you know, if you want to look, get a proper angle down on your
 potential prey, also to provide shade, I think, so it's often the dominant hawk which is
 on the bottom.
 So it's thought that the dominant hawk goes, "I'm really hot.
 Someone needs to go on top of me as like a bird parasol," and also it might be because
 perching spots are scarce.
 So one of the ideas I think is that they're on a cactus and it's hard to find a bit of
 cactus that doesn't have spikes on it, and so when they do find a bit with no spikes in
 it, they're like, "Oh, we're all going to sit there."
 Yeah.
 Which is really annoying for the one guy who found the cactus that had those spikes on
 it.
 Oh, get off.
 Come on.
 So who's in the better position, dominant hawk at the bottom or guy at the top?
 Well, it's a dominant hawk at the bottom, I guess he is.
 You've got three hawks on your shoulders, that's going to be really heavy.
 Well, I've ignited an interview and he hawks for this fact.
 But, yeah, it's called a stack, a hawk stack.
 Why is that?
 Why is that?
 It's one of those, it's impossible to trace about the etymology that used to have that word
 there, but...
 There's a theory that hawks would taste most like dinosaur out of anything that we've
 got.
 Because a lot of people have asked the question, "What would a dinosaur taste like?"
 And there's a few...
 I thought it would taste like chicken.
 Well, a-ha-ha.
 A common misconception.
 A-ha-ha.
 And you're going to feel like an idiot now.
 There's an article on slate.com by guy called Bran Palmer and he said that actually meat's
 flavour is also affected by what the animal's been eating and hormones is not just on sort
 of the biology or the genes or something.
 So, chickens don't eat meat.
 So if you get a bird which eats meat like a hawk or another raptor, then that's what
 dinosaurs would taste like, a bit heavier and darker.
 Also, this is a really interesting find out about Harris Hawks for any ornithologist out
 there.
 It's not actually a Harris Hawk, it should be Harris's Hawk.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's my fact of the day, fact of the year, I think.
 It was discovered by Ordebond who was a famous 19th century ornithologist and he named
 after his mate.
 Ordebond named Harris's Hawk after a guy called Edward Harris and he was the one who
 funded a book that this guy was writing, which was the Birds of America, I believe it's called,
 and he discovered a number of new species in that book.
 I think it was something like 25 species.
 He also named 11 species of fish.
 This is one of the best revenge plots I've ever heard in my life because none of those
 fish exist, okay?
 Yeah.
 I think it was because the killer fish exists.
 Good point.
 You got all that.
 So he was basically, he was at his home and the guy who was writing the book on the fish
 came over to his house and while he was at his house, he was telling him about this book
 and how it's going to be the ultimate book on fish and while they were chatting, they saw
 a couple of bats fly in and the fish guy thought they were new species of bats or he was scared
 of bats were not quite sure but he immediately grabbed Ordebond's violin which was really
 expensive and smashed them against the bats and Ordebond was like, what but he was hosting
 this guy.
 So the guy sat back down and then he went, I know some fish that I've discovered that
 he should include into your book.
 And he went fantastic.
 What are they?
 He described them, he drew them, they went into the book and then he got outed for putting
 fake fish into his book.
 Isn't that the biggest, best revenge plot?
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 No way.
 Yeah.
 I was reading the other day.
 So hawk standing on shoulders.
 I was reading about monkeys.
 I was reading this book Sapiens and they worked together as well and they have this amazing
 thing.
 A language that zoologists have managed to isolate certain calls.
 So monkeys in isolation they'll send a call out and the call will say there's an eagle
 in the sky so all the monkeys look up to see if it's coming and then they'll play another
 signal which says there's a tiger on the way and so they all go up the tree but then they've
 discovered that some monkeys will be seeing another monkey with a banana and go there's
 a tiger and they'll leap up into a tree and they'll just take the banana.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 So devious.
 Okay.
 On that, this is very, very cool.
 So mockingbirds make alarm calls when they see a hawk and iguanas listen to mockingbirds.
 They listen to a completely different species of animal and when the mockingbird makes an
 alarm call, the iguanas all run for it because the iguanas can't tell each other there's
 a hawk because they don't, they're silent, they don't communicate with each other.
 They're all not talking to each other but they just listen to the mockingbird.
 It's like one of those things when you're in a strop with someone so you make someone
 else communicate with them on your behalf.
 I'm not talking to him.
 It's really sad.
 You can just imagine two iguanas facing each other and not able to say how they feel and
 you know.
 Yeah.
 If you swaps your eyes for a hawk, you'd be able to see an ant crawling on the ground from
 the roof of a ten-story building.
 Wow.
 So you'd be arrested immediately but I can see an animal that's still not getting around
 a lot of wildlife and just let you say.
 Well, they're thinking about doing laser eye surgery now to give us much better vision which
 I think is completely unnecessary aren't they?
 So hawks have like or eagles have 20 to 5 vision and they think they can get humans up
 to 2010 vision, which I don't really see the need.
 So a 20 to 5 vision means that something that I can see you that's 5 metres away, a hawk
 could be able to see that it's 20 metres away and they could see it with the same vision,
 right?
 So if James is on the top floor of his ten-story house and he's lost his pet ant, this
 will come in handy.
 Do you know that lobsters can regenerate their eyes but they can only do it a certain number
 of times and after they've done it that number of times, instead of regenerating an eye,
 they regenerate a limb.
 What?
 Do they regenerate the limb where the eye wants to lose?
 Wow.
 That's great, isn't it?
 That's insane.
 Do they know how many times they've got?
 I don't think they do.
 They probably don't even know their lobsters.
 Imagine shaking hands at somebody's eye with, I was trying to find your fact-hander because
 actually it's surprisingly hard to find that actual sentence on the internet that hawks
 stand on each other's shoulders and it was on a site where it's like there's a lot of
 sites here these days that are trying to educate children about everything and this was
 a super fun hawk page and there was a bunch of stuff about hawks and then it said extra
 fun facts and so the opening one was backstanding so they stand on each other, that was one and
 this is the second extra fun fact.
 They gather in large groups and congregate on the electrical transformers where they
 electrocuted to death.
 Science is fun!
 They are kind of the bad guys of the natural world hawks so people don't like them and a lot
 of people like this video online which you should all look up.
 Actually there are a few videos of smaller birds who are usually preyed upon by hawks, attacking
 a hawk so it was a mother-king bird and a hawk came a bit too near her nest and she jumps
 on the hawks back and grips onto his shoulders and then picks away at his forehead and the
 hawk flies through the air, nothing he can do.
 This is similar, I just read this the other day, that seagulls attack whales which is another
 kind of little thing against the country.
 You get seagulls and they go down and there is a whale that is near the surface and seagulls
 come down and grab a bit of flesh from the side of the whale.
 I know.
 Would whales ever deal with a flying animal?
 Would they get back down and tell a story like you won't believe what just happened up
 there?
 It was a thing literally in the air.
 It's like a really small flying whale up there.
 How do you know you are a whale?
 How do you know that a hawk is terrorising the people of Manchester at the moment?
 A massive bird named Stephen reported by the Manchester Evening News, the name Stephen
 by residents who hate him, I don't know why they have given him a name, who stands on
 street lights screeching at people, the massive bird named Stephen is known by experts for
 its intelligence.
 I think it means hawks generally are known for their intelligence, not Stephen specifically.
 But Stephanie Milling who lives just off Pollard Street in Manchester said, "It's been
 hunting and catching wood pigeons, but it keeps trying to get my cat."
 And I have a friend nearby who has pet rabbits, so we call each other every now and again saying
 Stephen's out.
 Get your rabbits in.
 James' ant farm is in serious, serious channel.
 We need to move on to the next fact, and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is that Pope Innocent the Eighth was given the nickname The Honest because
 he was the first Pope to acknowledge that he had illegitimate children.
 They should have called him Innocent the Smoothie.
 Oh!
 Come on.
 Those of you who have heard the podcast, you knew what you were coming from.
 So, north.
 Those of you who haven't, you can leave now.
 No refunds.
 So, in the old days, Innocent the Eighth was 15th century, so ages ago back in the days
 when he had very naughty popes and there was an amazing spell of naughty popes.
 It sounds like Andy's weather forecast will be having a spell of naughty popes.
 Not to get rabbit up.
 Pope Stephen is out.
 So, normally when popes had illegitimate children, and in the Renaissance and the Middle Ages
 the loads of them had illegitimate children, they would just say they were their nephews
 and nieces even though they clearly weren't.
 So, they used it to get them jobs.
 But Innocent the Eighth acknowledged this and then he still used his position to get his
 children jobs.
 He made his 13-year-old grandson a cardinal.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 When I was looking him up, I looked at his Wikipedia page and you got a lot of links at the
 bottom to other related articles on Wikipedia and one of them led me to, "This is the title,
 "List of Sexually Active Popes."
 And it is a massive list.
 They were active, they were going for it.
 Yeah, they were.
 They were wild.
 So, this fact kind of reminds me of, like, I think that modern day or maybe it's always existed,
 elevating honesty way too high.
 So, that whole, I really want to be honest with you, I've shagged your dad.
 That kind of thing.
 Oh, sorry.
 No, sorry.
 That's it.
 Firstly, which is the 3 of us what you're speaking to.
 It was the plural you were talking about.
 I'm really sorry.
 The Wikipedia list, a list of that, I'll ask you.
 It just says, "Your, yours, yours."
 So, yeah, you don't need to know that.
 And in fact, there were popes who shagged, so Benedict IX was a particularly bad one who
 was responsible for copious bestiality, sort of me sponsoring all g's, sponsoring all g's.
 This all g is brought to you by the Pope.
 Have a good time.
 I'm just imagining, like, I'm thinking of having an orgy next week, would you mind sponsoring?
 You can get 10 p per.
 Benedict IX is amazing.
 He was Pope on three separate occasions.
 He became Pope at the age of, like, really, really young.
 Some sources say he was 11 when he became Pope.
 I can't quite, but there's a lot of propaganda, though, so may not have done.
 But he did sell the papacy to his godfather to raise money for his wedding, and then he
 got bored and decided, "No, actually, I'd like to be Pope again."
 Oh, yeah.
 He was crazy.
 I was reading through the list of popes, because there was a lot of them who share the same
 names, John.
 Pope John Paul is so on.
 Pope George Ringo.
 And there's, I mean, there's amazing names to start with.
 They're incredible names.
 My favourite one was Pope hilarious.
 That's an actual Pope.
 Pope hilarious.
 But did you look into Pope hilarious to see what hilarious things he did?
 Oh, he was so boring.
 I was desperate.
 I spent the majority of my research going, "Come on.
 One thing."
 The best thing I could find was he erected a chapel, a convent, and two public baths.
 Yeah, but you had to be there.
 It was hilarious.
 One of my favourite popes is Benedict XII.
 And what happened with him is the Cardinals, when they were deciding who was going to be Pope.
 What they would often do is, in the first round of votes, they would all vote for someone
 who's probably not going to become Pope because they're a bit rubbish.
 And then they would think, "Well, no one else will vote for them, and they'll see how the
 other Cardinals are voting."
 Unfortunately, everyone voted for Benedict XII.
 Was he good?
 Well, Pope John XII turned the Vatican or the papal palace into a hallhouse, apparently, committing
 adultery with numerous women that included his father's long-term girlfriend.
 And I like that because this is a 10th century, and I didn't know you had long-term girlfriends
 in the 10th century.
 I thought you were married, or you were single, too.
 Or dead.
 Or dead.
 Popular choice in the 10th century.
 And he invented the idea of long-term girlfriend, but never gets recognised for it because he
 was the Pope, and they were focusing on that bit of this story.
 I think, because a lot of these stories, I'm not sure, you know, there's a lot of sort
 of...
 There have been put in from the detractors of the public.
 And smearing of reputation.
 Yeah.
 So there's also the thing of, they might have been made up by an anti-Pope, who was not
 as you would think, a Pope made out of anti-matter.
 Or made out of anti-matter.
 Sort of a rival Pope who would set up a separate court elsewhere somewhere in France,
 or even somewhere in Italy, and say, "I'm the Pope."
 That's a bread-horrible rumours about the actual Pope.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Although, like, celibacy in the church really didn't become the absolute norm for an
 extremely long time, until about two or three hundred years ago, and it's thought...
 So until, I think there's a council of Trent ruling in 1563 that really said, seriously,
 you have to stop having sex.
 We've been saying this for 1,500 years, no one's listened.
 But they kept on doing it, and actually the reason that that eventually passed in the
 council of Trent, the reason that members of the clergy in the Catholic church can't
 have sex, is because there were so many other legitimate children, and they were taking
 the church property and passing it on to their children, so it was going out of the church
 because they'd be like, "I guess this church is mine, I'll just give it to my son."
 And so the church was like, "Well, we've got to stop this, we've got to keep our property."
 And so they said, "Sorry, you're not allowed to have sex."
 But Protestants were very pro-sex at the time.
 So Martin Luther, who sort of founder of the Reformation, thought that it was really bad,
 the whole celibacy vowsing because it encouraged masturbation.
 And as he said, Martin Luther, founder of, I guess, the Protestant church, if it doesn't
 go into a woman, it goes into your shirt.
 What?
 And we can't be having that.
 It was before the invention of the tissue, so...
 Life's that's a terrible sentence.
 It sounds a bit like the start of a song.
 Yeah, if it doesn't go into a woman, man.
 That might...
 Like God, no one else.
 Old together.
 I was very quickly looking into, so he was called "The Honest" as a sort of nickname.
 And I love history's nicknames, Ivan the Terrible, so on "Jone of Arc."
 Does that work?
 But my favourite one, this is a king.
 Louis, the unavoidable.
 There's a much it's saying a bit of party, I don't know.
 He's coming over.
 He's coming over.
 He's coming over.
 Oh, Louis.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 My good.
 You're still king?
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 All right, I'm going to move us on to our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Spanish construction workers recently accidentally destroyed a 6,000-year-old
 neolithic tomb that looked like a picnic table and replaced it with a new and better-looking
 picnic table.
 And it's incredible.
 You can see the photo.
 So the photo is of a stone, sort of, it looks like a big table with surrounding chairs.
 So, I mean, they're full, really.
 And then they've replaced it and the new one says--
 Well, I'm sorry, therefore, the neolithic people's full of making them tomb like a picnic table.
 OK, when you say like that, I'm going to retract that statement.
 But you look at the new picture and it's this really nice-looking picnic table.
 I mean, actually, it's actually really nice.
 What happened is they didn't know that it was a heritage site property, and they saw
 it and just thought, oh, the poor people here, they want to have a nice picnic.
 So I was supposed to do something good for them, and then got in serious trouble by ruining
 it.
 I read that one local architect said it was probably due to a miscommunication because
 it was the summer holiday.
 So tragic.
 And also in the summer holiday is demand for picnic tables, rockets.
 Yes.
 So they did this global survey, global.
 They did in China of the Great Wall of China, and what they found was there was a huge
 missing chunk of the Great Wall of China, and they had no idea where it went.
 And the town, just down the road, someone must have gone.
 I found this wall full of bricks.
 They built a whole town out of the Great Wall of China.
 Wow.
 Yeah, it's incredible.
 That is the only town you can see from space.
 A man in central Ohio has been arrested for having sex with a picnic table.
 Here's Andy with the weather.
 He would stand the small metal table on its side and use the whole where the umbrella
 should be to have sex.
 Ah, it can't be a happy experience.
 Perhaps this is more common amongst certain parts of society than we think, because there's
 actually a man in Tennessee as well who was arrested for the same thing, and he was arrested.
 So he was initially arrested, a 49 year old man, because he was making an unusual deposit
 at the ATM nearby, so attempting to copulate with the ATM.
 What was wrong with this shirt?
 I cannot think of which bit of an ATM.
 With a gun to my head, I would pick.
 I haven't done it, but obviously.
 Obviously, it arrived, and they took him outside of the bank, and sat him on a picnic table
 and went back into the office.
 And another guy came and went, "Sorry, are you using this?"
 Because I thought it was bad when wasps turned up at a picnic.
 I've been getting lucky all these years.
 On speaking of things that have been ruined, your ears, ladies and gentlemen.
 So I read a story about John Lennon, and when he used to, he had a period, which was known
 as the Lost Weekend, longer than a weekend, but it's where he just went absolutely off the
 rail.
 He was doing lots of drugs.
 He was being all night long in all over LA, and he stayed at Hugh Hefner's house for a party,
 and he didn't stay there, so he was out of party.
 And while he was there, he was so drunk and he was smoking a cigarette.
 He didn't have anywhere to put the cigarette out on.
 So he decided the matease that was hanging on the wall would be the nice spot for it.
 So he stubbed his cigarette into this matease.
 So all the bouncers, bodyguards of Hugh Hefner's playboy mansions immediately grabbed him
 to throw him out.
 Hugh Hefner went, no, no, no, no, no, stop, stop, it's fine.
 It's fine.
 Did you see what he just did?
 I didn't see, I just heard about it, but guys, John Lennon just stubbed the cigarette out
 on my matease.
 That is probably worth double the amount of money now that you were there, but take around
 the whole house.
 I've got a Picasso in the back room.
 I mean, that's quite cool when value is added through destruction.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 On other things, being accidentally destroyed, bungling builders as they refer to you when they
 mess up, accidentally destroyed the wrong house in Cumbria, destroyed a woman's home instead
 of the dilapidated house a few streets away.
 Contractors were supposed to demolish another house, 500 yards away and another street, but
 set to work on Mrs. Beatty's home without checking they had the right address.
 Thomas Armstrong, construction limited, admits they got it wrong, but Mrs. Beatty is still
 considering legal action.
 Mrs. Beatty, when will you end this, then doubt her?
 In 2013, there was a pair of Peruvian real estate companies which destroyed a pyramid, a small
 one.
 It was six meters high, but nonetheless, it was a pyramid and it was 4,000 years old as
 well.
 And the companies workers tried to destroy three more pyramids before people who are
 on looking stop them.
 Okay, get this.
 In the same year, 2013, another construction company in Belize, bulldozed one of the largest
 Mayan pyramids in the country.
 It was 30 meters tall and they did it just to get crushed rock for road building.
 And the head of the Belize Institute of Archaeology said at the time, these guys knew that this
 was an ancient structure.
 It's just bloody laziness.
 It just couldn't be bothered to go and get other rock from elsewhere that wasn't a pyramid.
 The rock shop was 19 miles away.
 Yeah.
 And this happens all the time, that sort of, you know, small pyramids in Central and South
 America get demolished.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 One of Shakespeare's houses, and I think it was his most famous house.
 The guy who owned it was so annoyed of people coming and knocking on his door that he just
 knocked it down.
 Yeah, he was.
 It's all weird response.
 It's all weird.
 It's called the Reverend Gastro-Lor Gaskell or something like that, yeah.
 And he lived there and people just kept going past going, oh, Shakespeare's house and he's
 like, no, I've had enough of that.
 It's not that big of a position, is it?
 Yeah.
 Also, move.
 Yeah.
 Seriously.
 And he had to, because he got driven out of the town, I think.
 Yeah, he did, yeah.
 And also he destroyed his house, so he would have had to move.
 We're going to have to wrap up very soon.
 I'm just a quick thing on picnics.
 Yeah, of course.
 I looked up, you know, this is no picnic.
 It took 190 years after the first French use of the word picnic before we got the phrase,
 this is no picnic.
 So I just like to imagine that people were having a constant picnic for 190 years.
 There's this common misconception that the word picnic, the etymology, is racist.
 It's one of those like internet rumors that started about the year 2000 that actually a picnic
 used to be where you'd go to watch like lynching of slaves, which just isn't true.
 So in the year 2000, the University of Albany, they wanted to organize, the university wanted
 to organize a picnic, a big celebratory picnic for the students.
 But they were told that it would offend people because it was a racist term.
 So instead, they decided we'll call it an outing.
 And then they were written to an informer.
 This would offend people because it was a homophobic term.
 And so eventually the picnic was publicised without a title.
 I didn't know this.
 Just on picnics and picnics tables Paris, the way Paris celebrated the millennium was by having
 a 600 mile long picnic.
 Wow.
 Wow, really?
 Imagine being that guy who found picnics table sexually attractive turns up in Paris that
 weekend.
 And he's gone to Paris to get away from the picnics tables.
 Finally, a new life under the review identity.
 Oh my god.
 Wow.
 Okay, I'm going to wrap us up.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for being here.
 If you want to gain contact with any of us about the things we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on Twitter.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 @Xshaped.
 Andy.
 @AndruhunterM.
 Anna.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 And yeah, if you want to listen to all our previous episodes, you can go to no such
 thing as a fish.com.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 Thank you so much for being here, guys.
 Really appreciate it.
 Goodbye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
