 [Buzzing]
 [Buzzing]
 [Buzzing]
 [Buzzing]
 [Buzzing]
 [Buzzing]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with Aniches Zinsky, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days. And in a particular order,
 here we go, starting with you, Chuzinsky.
 My fact this week is that the reason Merlin isn't called "Murden"
 is to avoid confusion with a 12th century word for feces.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, so the wizard Merlin of "Sword in the Stone" fame,
 he would have been called "Murden"
 and so the story is that Merlin was originally created in the form we know him
 by Jeffrey of Monmouth, who was sort of
 a Norman Welsh guy in the 12th century.
 And he based the character of Merlin on this Welsh medieval mythical figure called "Murden"
 M-Y-R-D-I-N. But because he has sort of Norman origins,
 because he was from the Nebility probably, and so a lot of people were speaking French
 in his social circles,
 it was thought that Merlin would be really easily confused with Merlin,
 which is the same as it is today,
 which is the word for pooh.
 It feels like he's missed a chance for a lot of puns and poo jokes, doesn't it?
 By changing that name, he's lost a lot of his joke material.
 Yes, he could have been the chalcer of his time.
 I just don't know if that was the style he was going for.
 Okay, do you know that in the 17th century the word "Murden" was English?
 Yes, really!
 It was just a common English word for pooh "Murden"
 and then it just kind of disappeared in the 18th century.
 And now it's kind of everyone knows it's just a French word.
 Speaking of people, his name's meant feces.
 Montezuma of the Aztecs had an nephew whose name meant plenty of excrement.
 What was his name?
 It was cuida chwac.
 They had guacamole, didn't they, which means testicle sauce.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 An avocado means testicles as well.
 Exactly, yes.
 Are the things that mean testicles, orchid?
 Yes, yeah.
 I have another Merlin fact, probably my favorite Merlin fact.
 He was sorted into a house at Hogwarts.
 Neither of these things is real.
 Exactly, I thought someone might pick me up on this, but neither of these things are real.
 The big JK Rowling website, it was revealed that Merlin was a student of the school of Hogwarts.
 And he was sorted into one of the four schools.
 And he was sorted into Slytherin.
 So Merlin is a Slytherin.
 Wow.
 This is weird because you said yesterday that you'd found an amazing thing on Merlin that you love.
 It's the best thing I've ever found, yeah.
 Well, so I was reading about him later on.
 And I found something and I thought, I bet this is what Dan's found.
 It's so interesting.
 And this really shows how disconnected you and I are.
 The thing I thought is that he's so Merlin in the original myth is a ledge to have been buried in this particular place.
 That's sort of a crossover between two rivers.
 So the river Tweed and a little stream called Palsail Burn.
 And in the legends, it was written that if ever the Palsail Burn and the Tweed were to meet at the place of Merlin's final resting place,
 these two rivers were to suddenly collide, then England and Scotland would have the same monarch.
 And this prediction is in medieval text.
 And on the exact day that James the 6th of Scotland and James the 1st of England was crowned in 1603,
 the banks of the River Tweed broke and it flooded into the Palsail Burn and they met.
 No.
 Isn't that weird?
 I smell PR happening.
 Yeah.
 It might be that I didn't check it off in the banks broken.
 It might be that they just broke every single winter.
 But I definitely know they broke in 1603 on that precise day according to whom.
 The 17th century Malcolm tucking character.
 Speaking of PR though, I was talking to Greg Jenner and Greg Jenner, who's been on our show a number of times.
 Historian.
 Historian, Horrible History's official chief nerd.
 And he was telling me about a publicity stunt as well.
 So this was back in the 12th century, the Glastonbury Abbey Burn Down and all the pilgrims stopped going to it.
 So it was soon after that that the abbot found the body of King Arthur in his grave.
 And suddenly all the pilgrims started returning on mass.
 And so Greg was saying that this is one of the earliest examples of a publicity stunt
 where they just needed people to return.
 So King Arthur is one of the original publicity stunt.
 Yeah, I think what happened was it burnt down and they were like to Henry the 2nd Oak and we have some more money to build out.
 So we don't have any, but maybe just maybe if you look closely, you might be able to find the body of King Arthur.
 And they went, okay, we'll have a lock and sure enough the very next day they found it.
 Wow.
 What a weird coincidence.
 It's amazing.
 It's such a short time as well.
 Incredible.
 Okay, so this is something that I thought you would like down.
 So the Holy Grail, which is kind of an Arthurian legend as well.
 It's based probably on an adaptation of an old Welsh story about the cauldron of Anwin.
 Okay.
 Which was owned by a guy called Bran the Blessed.
 No.
 Yeah.
 And if he was a giant, a Welsh giant called Bran the Blessed.
 Wow.
 And if you go into his Wikipedia page, it says, "Do not confuse him with Brian Blessed."
 It's amazing.
 You can understand why you would.
 Yeah.
 That's incredible.
 Do we know any more about him or is it just that?
 Well, the soul saw his Wikipedia page, but I didn't read any of it.
 And he was real, was he?
 No, he was a giant.
 Oh my god.
 But then is Brian Blessed real?
 It's the point I'm making.
 Who appears more real?
 Also, do you know what the name of the sword and the stone was?
 I'm going to say Excalibur and you're looking at me like it's wrong.
 It's wrong, I'm afraid.
 According to Mallory and according to basically everyone, the sword and the stone doesn't have a name.
 And then Arthur loses it.
 And then he gets his Excalibur from the Lady of the Lake, which is a different sword.
 Okay.
 Who eventually traps Merlin for all of eternity.
 That's how Merlin meets his demise.
 It was stone.
 In some stone as well, right?
 Yeah.
 Everything's always been stuck in stone in these days.
 Yeah, they didn't have carbon fiber, they didn't have plastics.
 They had to use what they had basically.
 Yeah.
 All the hell was stone.
 Actually, just on Arthurian legend.
 Yeah.
 I think, I don't know if Andy will know this, but I had no idea about this.
 I thought it was really interesting.
 So Arthurian legends are referred to as the matter of Britain.
 So this is this whole body of medieval literature, which is called the matter of Britain.
 And there are three matters in medieval times.
 There's the matter of Britain, the matter of France, and the matter of Rome.
 And these are just the three big bits of literature.
 So matter of Britain's Arthur, the matter of France is the stories of Charlemagne.
 And the matter of Rome is like all-awesome Roman ancient literature.
 So the matter of Rome is absolutely winning.
 And the guy who named these was a French poet who was called Baudel.
 And I was thinking when I was reading this, oh, cool.
 We are one of the three great tripods of medieval literature.
 And his description of them was that France is character.
 The matter of France is characterised by voire or truth.
 Rome is characterised by sage-ness or wisdom or knowledge.
 And the matter of Britain is characterised by being vain et pleson,
 to mean frivolous, pleasant, but completely false.
 Funny you say wise, because that's where the word wizard comes from.
 Is it?
 The wizard part comes from wise.
 And I think the idea was that maybe in the olden days,
 wise people could see the future, I think that might be okay.
 Can I quickly talk about modern day wizards?
 Yeah.
 Okay, so pagans and druids, those are the sort of modern day torch holders
 of the whole wizarding world, I would say.
 And interesting news in the world of pagan news,
 which is that now pagans, there's about a million in the UK,
 300 of whom are in prison.
 Prisoned pagans, prisoned wizards are now allowed to have a wand in jail.
 That's a new ruling that's just been made.
 Because it's respecting their religious beliefs.
 So what they have to do is they can go into the yard and get some twigs
 and bring them back.
 And then they kind of just pimp up the twigs a bit.
 And then that's their wand that they're allowed to have.
 I think I might start a new religion which has a skeleton key as a holy symbol.
 This article says they've toned down all of the rituals
 because what they're also in theory should be having is a flaming torch with them
 as part of the religion.
 And we're cool to let the flaming torch bit go if we can have the twigs.
 How many wizards are in prison?
 300.
 300?
 Are they all in the same--
 No, it's not as good.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I don't actually think it does show respects for their religion.
 Because what basically you're saying when you tell wizards that they're allowed
 to have their wand in prison is that you definitely don't believe
 their wand has any capacity to help them.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I have one last thing which is about modern day wizards,
 which is there is a school in California which is open and has been open for 10 years.
 It's the world's only registered wizard academy.
 It's got 735 students.
 Half of whom will be in prison at 10 years.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And it was set up by a guy called Oberon-Zell Ravenhart
 and he himself is a wizard.
 But the school is up and running.
 You can go to their website.
 They have like latest news is that the school is now.
 It's called the Grey School of Wizardry.
 They're now on second life so you can attend it on second life as well.
 They have a list of their staff.
 It includes people called Silver Main, Swift Rabbit, Frogs Dancing, Earth Drum,
 MA, Apollionus, BS, MS, PhD.
 BS is a bit odd.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And Silver Lock.
 And so yeah, you can--
 Well, these people just they started out as accountants or postmen
 and they got so much mockery for their names that they ended up being forced
 into the wizarding profession, do you think?
 Yeah, I don't know.
 I don't know who does it.
 And one more modern wizard who's great is the Real King Arthur.
 Who's back?
 This is a guy he was formally called John Rothwell before he realised
 that he was King Arthur a few years ago.
 He's the battle chief-ton of the council of British Truid orders.
 There's quite a good interview with him in Vice.
 And the Vice Guy asked him things like how hard was it to pull the sword from the stone
 to which he answered very, very, very hard.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So that was legit.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They tried to trick him with that trick question.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What he got it straight away?
 Not today.
 Hang on, hang on.
 The whole point of the sword in the stone was that it comes out easily
 if you're the King of England.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They did trick him.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, and it's time to move on to fact number two.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that tea leaves sometimes flow upstream
 from the cup to the pot.
 I don't believe it.
 If I was ever going to call nonsense on anything, never mind King Arthur, you agree.
 I can't hate it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This sounds amazing.
 It is incredible.
 It was discovered by a guy called Sebastian Bianchini in 2008.
 He was at the University of Havana.
 And he was pouring hot water from a pot which was just water
 into a cup which had some tea leaves, some matte tea leaves.
 And as he poured it, he had his nice cup of tea.
 And then he looked in the pot.
 And there were tea leaves there.
 And he didn't understand why.
 And he went to a physicist at the University of Havana.
 And they kind of did some experiments.
 But then they kind of, they never published a findings
 because they thought everyone would laugh at them.
 But it seems true.
 It seems like it's a real thing.
 Oh my God.
 This is one of those things that you could actually demonstrate.
 Like, you could just demonstrate.
 Why would people laugh?
 But they think probably it was a trick.
 And he had some tea leaves in there all along.
 It's like a darren brown style.
 You'd never be able to make any tea.
 The leaves would constantly be fleeing into the pot.
 So it's not all of them.
 It's some of them.
 And it's due to this thing called the Marringoni Effect,
 which is a mixture of surface tension
 and a little bit of capillary action.
 And surface tension basically we're talking about pure water
 and not pure water.
 And the particles want to travel up towards a pure water.
 And people didn't think it could happen with something
 as big as tea leaves, but actually it can happen.
 And yeah, how big of a leaf are we talking?
 We're talking this stuff is called matati.
 And it's usually like little,
 they're almost like little bits of sawdust, aren't they?
 Yeah, it's really small.
 It's very crumbly.
 Smaller than normal tea leaves.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 But actually when things run quite small scale,
 they can do things that don't normally happen for bigger things.
 So like, for instance, capillary action only really works
 for really small kind of thin tubes,
 which is that water goes up the tube against gravity.
 And that wouldn't happen on normal tube,
 but it happens with very thin tubes.
 And that's how plants can get the water from the ground
 into their leaves.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Did you read the guy who commented,
 someone who commented at the bottom of this study?
 And he said,
 "This article reminded me of when I once made the mistake
 of expectorating into a toilet.
 And the result was an immediate,
 accurate taste in my mouth.
 Apparently the chemicals in there had traveled several feet
 up my stream of saliva.
 But that was a theory then.
 Reliably disgusting.
 It is quite disgusting.
 But the scientist acknowledged that that could be a possibility,
 although it said it might be quite unlikely that chemicals
 could flow that way backwards."
 So are we saying that when you go to the Lou in some ways,
 the Lou goes to you?
 Oh, yeah.
 I mean, it's not very much.
 It's not all of it.
 It's not like you come out of the toilet.
 The toilet is completely empty of water.
 I'm so bloated out of that.
 Well, isn't there that thing that all men are scared of,
 that Amazonian fish, where the room has always been.
 But it will swim up your urine stream.
 We should quickly explain that, shouldn't we?
 It's a canteroo.
 It's like a mini little catfish.
 I think it's in the catfish family.
 Yes.
 And the theory is you would be in the water and you'd be urinating.
 And it gets attracted to the urine stream.
 And then it follows it and then goes into your penis
 and sticks its spines out and gets stuck there
 and can be extremely painful.
 And there's been one or two stories in the medical literature
 of it happening.
 But most people think probably it's not true.
 Yeah. And I have to say you say a little fish.
 I've seen one in the Natural History Museum.
 That's not a little fish.
 That is.
 Remember when we went to?
 Yeah.
 Yeah. That was, I mean, no, but that's big.
 Like, it's not like a...
 No, it wasn't.
 You know that whale in the front lobby.
 Yeah.
 It wasn't that one.
 Okay. Then I miss red label.
 But it's about an inch out to you.
 Yeah.
 I know, but still, the idea of that going A up a stream,
 you know, it's not...
 It's like a teapot stream urine.
 It's not a fixed...
 Well, mine's not like a pig.
 This was apparently the only means of preventing it
 according to one piece of 19th century medical literature
 because this room has been around for about 200 years
 that they'll do this.
 The only means of preventing it from reaching your bladder
 where it causes inflammation and ultimately death
 is to instantly amputate the penis.
 This isn't when you get your visa to go to the Amazon
 and you have to have it done as it prevented it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Just a shot in your arm.
 And let's just get that off show.
 I'm pretty sure that this has completely been debunked
 as an idea.
 The candero.
 Going from you standing on the bank, having a pit.
 So the idea is it could, let's say,
 it could possibly happen while you're bathing.
 Exactly.
 Perhaps, and it just follows the warmth of the water or whatever.
 But the idea that you're standing on the side of a river
 peeing down and then it jumps like a sovereignty of penis.
 Yeah.
 I'm pretty sure that got that out.
 I was reading about the first ever book written about tea.
 It's an old Chinese text and it's the first ever collection
 of a book on tea.
 It's called Cha-ching.
 No.
 Cha, the Chinese word, and Qing, which I actually don't know
 what that word is.
 But the eye Qing is a fortune telling book, isn't it?
 Yes.
 Oh yeah, maybe it was fortune telling through T-Lews book.
 You know, India, what the mythology of how tea came about in India is.
 What?
 Did it get found by a goat herd or is that coffee maybe?
 No.
 So it was about 1,900 years ago and it was a priest named Bodhidhama.
 And he was trying to connect with Zen Buddhism and the idea
 that he was going to do that was seven-year sleepless contemplation
 of Buddha.
 He found himself in the fifth year, again quite drowsy.
 And needed to cure that.
 And so he quickly grabbed some leaves off a tree and started chewing them.
 And then he thought it was fantastic.
 And that just got him through that extra two years.
 He really put them up for that final push.
 And in China, they have an idea that it was an emperor called Nanshen,
 who was, as well as being the emperor, he's a scholar and herbalist.
 And while he was out in the field on maybe I guess a walk or something,
 he was having a hot cup of water and some leaves blew into his cup.
 And he spelt it away.
 That smells quite nice.
 I love it.
 It's so interesting.
 Pretty much everything has an origin myth where it's discovered by...
 It's widespread, isn't it?
 Which just seems to be the humans have this innate preference
 for that kind of discovery rather than someone who really knew what they were doing
 and had studied the field and were working really hard on it for years.
 Because we all want to believe that we could do it.
 So the British introduced tea to India, which sounds lunatic.
 Or rather popularized it in India.
 So it was already native.
 But it was not a thing that was grown in large quantities though.
 It wasn't big.
 But then in the 19th century Britain needed an alternative to the Chinese tea monopoly.
 And so that's why India is now this great tea nation.
 Because we got it in the 17th century I think.
 Was it Charles II's wife?
 I think came over and brought tea.
 And then everyone thought it was like this terrible...
 So there's a lot of misogyny and xenophobia.
 Basically it was a foreign thing that women drank.
 And also it gave women a reason for getting together and men obviously thought that was a terrible idea.
 It's the Lamborghini of its day basically.
 Lamborghini was discovered actually when...
 That was walking across a field with some carbonated water.
 And a passing bird dropped and brought something great into it.
 So can I just bring it back to your main headline fact for a second?
 So you haven't seen a video of this being done.
 No.
 I couldn't find one.
 Surely we should be doing that.
 We should be filming that or getting someone listening to like let's see this.
 Let's see...
 Okay so it's specifically Matati.
 Yeah.
 Which is this South American tea which is...
 It's quite a big thing over there isn't it?
 You've been to America.
 Yeah and I've got a few friends who live there and it's pretty much all they do.
 I'm amazed they get any work done there.
 But yeah there's a really strict ritual around Matati which is that the way you drink it is you fill up a kettle of boiling water
 and then you pour it onto all these hubs and you keep on topping it up and up.
 So you can keep drinking your one Matati for hours but two very important things you have to do and people get extremely angry if you don't do them.
 When it's usually you hand it around so it's a real sociable thing.
 It's a very much a community thing drinking Matati.
 And when you hand it to someone you have to look them in the eye because that's part of your saying I'm giving this to you.
 And you have to give it to them with a straw pointing towards them.
 So it comes with this metal straw.
 And if you don't give it to them with a straw pointing you are kicked out of the country.
 No it sounds like it's from bitter experience.
 Just on tea.
 So I think a lot of people think that you shouldn't re-boil a kettle.
 If you boil the water once you should use that to make tea and then the water is sort of no good for making tea after that.
 And if you re-boil it is bad. And the theory is that all the oxygen leaches out of the water.
 But the thing is when you boil a kettle it leaches off the first time you boil a kettle.
 So whenever you make a tea you don't have a choice you have to make it without all that lovely bonus oxype.
 Do you know what I do now?
 If I have a shirt that needs ironing I start boiling a kettle and as it reaches boiling point I take the lid off and all the steam comes up.
 But because you've taken the lid off it never fully boils so the kettle is confused it thinks it's still boiling so it keeps going.
 So I steam my entire shirt and it steams really quickly. You can do a whole shirt in about a minute.
 I haven't done it on my shirt today.
 I'm looking at your shirt.
 It's that time it's so crazy today.
 Listening at home.
 Damn there's one wrinkle now.
 Why don't we put tea bags in the kettle as it boils?
 That's always confused.
 Someone might want coffee.
 Why would you put tea bags in the kettle?
 Because I noticed that the British love to leave in a pot tea and let it mull.
 When I reckon the intense boiling that's going on would absolutely make it just the most intense tea.
 You could rewrite the book on tea.
 You could be cha-ching the sequel.
 There was a famous quote by Einstein where he said that his best ever idea was to put an egg in his soup while it was cooking
 so that his egg and his soup could cook at the same time.
 See?
 Me and Einstein are on the same thinking level here.
 You're shoving a shirt.
 He's got a tea bag in it.
 Over it.
 I'm holding it over it.
 All that needs in his house is one kettle and it does everything.
 If I need to make some toast, I just put it in the kettle.
 I don't need a hot water bottle.
 I just hug the kettle.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that butchers in ancient Egypt wore high heels.
 Okay.
 I think I'm pretty sure it's correct to say that that's the oldest example of high heels that we have.
 Why would they wear high heels?
 Because apparently it was to do with the slaughtering of the animals.
 So when they were killing all the animals, they would find that the floor would be blood drenched.
 They didn't want to get their feet completely stained.
 So the high heels just made it a more pleasant walking process for them.
 So yeah, but then people did wear high heels back then outside of butchers.
 But I think butchers were known specifically.
 That was the footwear of the job.
 Yeah, it wasn't you saw someone in heels and you went up, that's a butcher.
 No, exactly.
 But you might for a second think you'd make a good butcher.
 Because you know how to rock those heels.
 And men and women wore them obviously back then.
 Well, I thought that they had been invented in the ninth century, right, in Persia.
 Yeah, I thought that as well.
 Which is where and the reason they were invented there, I think it might have been a separate invention,
 was so that men could fire arrows while on horseback.
 It was a Persian archers.
 And basically if you wedge your feet into these stirrups using a pair of high heels,
 you can stand up in the stirrups and you can fire more steadily from there while you're riding a horse.
 You know the Persians are responsible for a huge period of terrible art in Egypt.
 What?
 Yeah, so the Persians, the Persians took over at about 525 BC or at least during 525 BC,
 they were running Egypt.
 And so what they did was all the artists who were in Egypt, who were doing all the,
 all of the caskets, all the wall art and so on, they basically deported them.
 So it just left Egypt with terrible artists.
 And that you can see all these examples, this whole period of just bad art where people are trying to now be the artist
 and they're just getting it really just slightly cartoonishly wrong.
 Are you sure they didn't just go there, they wanted to give the Egyptians a bad rep.
 So the Persians did a whole bunch of kind of fakes really crappy drawings.
 Look how bad these guys are.
 They also played board games, I didn't know that.
 And Tutankham, there's even that period, those drawings where you can just see them playing board games.
 Really, yeah.
 What do we know what we do, we know the names of the games, we don't know the rules, they still debate the exact rules
 over some of the games, but there's like shackle versus dog.
 There's a game that has a name.
 A shack, no.
 No, no, versus artifacts.
 Should we do a bit on butchers before we move on?
 Yeah, sure.
 So according to the Butchers Guild website that I was reading,
 the earliest kind of butchery that they have was from a Florida sinkhole from 12,000 years ago.
 And it was a butchered giant sloth.
 Whoa, yeah.
 Butchers was hanging in a little shop window somewhere in a sinkhole.
 How do we know it's been actually?
 I reckon they will have found bits of cutting on the bones.
 Wow.
 Because if you have a butchered carcass, you can see where they've cut deliberately to get this piece of meat away.
 Yeah.
 But it didn't say on the website, so I'm not 100% sure.
 And also in that sinkhole, they found a sharpened stick and a tortoise.
 Do we think the tortoise was the one that butchered the sloth?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Did you know?
 I didn't realise that one of the theories about Tutankhamoon died was that he got eaten by a hippopotamus.
 Yeah.
 That's an actual thing.
 No, I don't think that is right.
 Well, no, no, that he got killed by it.
 He got killed by it and he didn't get eaten.
 Because he's buried in a very unconventional way, so he's missing.
 That's a hippopotamus on the end of his body.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, he's missing his heart.
 It looks like something's committed some kind of horrific injury to him, whereby it's consumed his heart.
 They put him in jars.
 Unless there's something where his heart used to be saying the hippo took this.
 I think he was embalmed without his heart anywhere, so usually the heart would be there.
 And the heart was missing.
 And obviously, I was completely jumped at the heart's missing.
 Is it a hippo?
 What sort of freaky vampire hippo is this?
 With surgical precision, move someone's heart.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So I think he's going back for more.
 Like the evil guy from Teppla Doom, but a hippo.
 This is one of the ancient Egyptian ball games that play with hungry hungry hippos.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Look, the source does specify a handful of Egyptologists believe this, so.
 I've seen it in a bunch of places.
 Yeah, it's thought because hunting big animals like that was popular and there are pictures of cartoon come in doing things like that in his tomb.
 And he, that's a theory, guys.
 It's a theory.
 It's a theory.
 I just have one last thing I was reading about laundry men of ancient Egypt.
 They would take all the clothes from people's houses.
 Then they would leave little tokens that they would draw the picture of the clothes they took.
 Oh, leave it with you.
 So it's like, we have these items.
 Make sure that they come back.
 What do they do after all of Egypt's good artists were removed?
 [LAUGHTER]
 They couldn't tell which item they draw.
 Exactly.
 But they would go down to the Nile and they would wash all their clothes.
 And one of the hazards of being a laundry man back in ancient Egypt was that it was likely that you were going to be eaten by a crocodile
 because they hung around on the bank so much.
 Oh, wow.
 They must have been delighted when cattle were invented.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You don't see any crease shirts in any hieroglyphs there.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is Andy.
 My fact is that there is a fish called the Amazonian wood eating catfish.
 But it is unable to digest wood.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK.
 It is catfish, though.
 It is a catfish.
 Yeah, it was discovered a few years ago, about 2010.
 And we've known for a while that there are loads of catfish which sort of suck wood.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The candero.
 Oh, dear.
 They're called suck mouth almond catfish.
 And they scrape wood with their teeth to get organic material off it.
 And they're algae and bacteria and things that don't found clean to wood in rivers.
 But this new fish, it literally eats the wood and it digests the biological material on the wood
 and it living inside the wood.
 And then it excretes the wood for us later.
 So it has the most painful bathroom visit about twice a day, is it?
 Yeah.
 And it absorbs all the organic products and the tiny animals that live on the wood.
 And it has special spoon shaped teeth as well.
 And it's just, I think it's amazing that this thing eats wood and then gets rid of all the wood.
 Apparently, it's really hard to fish for them because they don't go for bait.
 But that a lot of fishing rods are made out of wood so you could hold onto them.
 That's true.
 Throw the--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Go in the opposite way, you're right.
 Do you know how you do catch them?
 You listen out for them because they make this rasping noise which is them going on the wood that they're eating.
 Yeah. But this is the weird thing. We can't digest wood.
 But I think the reason for this, I might be wrong about this, but I think it is that we don't have organisms in our gut
 which produce the enzyme cellulase, right?
 So wood pulp is cellulose.
 And if you have the enzyme cellulase, you can digest it.
 Yeah.
 So my question is if we did inject somebody with those organisms which do produce cellulase,
 would we be able to digest trees?
 In other words, you'd be able to do it just in like a probiotic. You wouldn't have to inject it into anyone.
 Hey, why have we done this?
 I bet you've got-- you know those grows looking smoothies, you sometimes be in the office.
 I bet there's cellulase in one of those. Try chewing on a twig after that.
 I think really you could do, but actually it's easier to get the calories out of a cream cake
 than it is to get it out of a stick even if you do have cellulase.
 Yeah, I'm sure.
 Is there any species of tree that we do eat?
 I know broccoli is not a tree, but it kind of looks like one.
 No, but we did use to eat bark.
 Well, our ancestors used to eat bark. So they discovered this quite recently.
 So it could rillers and also chimp sometimes chew on bark.
 Like I said, are really far back ancestors.
 Super far, before humans were actually a thing.
 It was another hominid.
 I think it was the astralopithecus sediba, which is a two-million-year-old ancestor of humans.
 And they recently found some with bark stuck in its teeth.
 And so yeah, we used to chew on that.
 This is another Tutankhamun hippohart mystery.
 That sounds more like they invented the toothpick.
 Yeah.
 What a brilliant rival theory.
 You should write to the archaeologists.
 Some tribes might use sticks for cleaning their teeth, wouldn't they?
 I think they have things you can chew on.
 Yeah.
 Isn't cinnamon made out of bark?
 Cinnamon sticks.
 Don't we get aspirin from powdered bark?
 Do we?
 Originally, yeah.
 So we're eating a lot more wood than we realise.
 I like, you know, ants can't, most ants can't really digest solid food
 because they've got that really tiny waste.
 They've got like smaller waste than Marilyn Monroe.
 So they have to liquefied their food before they digest it.
 I don't know any of that.
 What?
 Ants can't digest lumps of food because...
 No, I can imagine they can't eat like a doughnut because it's bigger than that one.
 But are you saying they can't have any kind of solid soil?
 They liquefy it.
 And the way that they liquefy it is they feed it to their lava first.
 So their lava can digest solid food, can eat solid food.
 So what ants do is they have the lava and they will put it into their lava's mouths.
 And the lava will eat this food and their stomachs or their bodies will release the enzymes
 required to break it down into a more palatable smoothie-type form.
 And then they'll regurgitate it and give it to their parents.
 So they're using the lava like a blender?
 Yeah.
 And also, and also like a plate because some of the lava,
 they don't, the lava don't even eat it.
 Some of the lava just secrete the enzymes onto the top of their stomachs.
 So the worker ants come back with solid food, drops the bit of food onto the lava's stomach.
 The lava knows it just has to lie there, let it digest, then the ant comes back a bit later
 and eats it off the lava's stomach.
 Catfish stuff?
 Yeah.
 So catfish can, they can hunt in the dark by detecting the changes in acidity in water
 because their whiskers have got this special kind of sensor for acid.
 So you can tell if something's a bit more acid or a bit less acid
 and they can find things using that.
 Just one more thing on a really cool species of wood eating creature
 that's also underwater is a crab.
 So there's this kind of crab which the only thing it can eat is wood
 and yet it lives at the bottom of the ocean so it can live up to 1.5 kilometres underwater
 right in the ocean.
 Are there not many trees?
 Not a lot of trees at all.
 So there is nothing in its habitat that grows that it can possibly eat
 and it has to rely on wood falling into the water.
 Yeah, I mean, that is, yeah, it is a matter that you grow up in an environment
 where there's nothing for you to eat.
 I imagine how annoying that would be.
 So they have to literally just wait for trunks to find their way
 and then suddenly that's their meal as a community for the next.
 Yeah.
 And often trees break down as they get further and further to sea
 so you'll get little scraps of wood.
 Or a shipwreck.
 Yeah.
 Some of them do live on shipwrecks.
 Yeah.
 All of that must be bliss when a huge shipwreck.
 Titanic was the best moment in their history.
 Not really made out of that.
 There's an upside down catfish.
 What?
 It's found in central Congo and they're notable because they swim upside down
 because they feed on insects on the surface of the water.
 So they kind of just kind of backstroke their way through and just wrap them off the surface.
 And there are even ancient Egyptian paintings of them upside down.
 But now I think maybe it's just a battle drum.
 Yeah.
 My help catfish.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 James.
 @EggShaped.
 Andy.
 @AndruHunterM.
 And Chazinsky.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah.
 You can also go to know such thing as a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes
 and also go to know such thing as the news.com where we have all of our TV show episodes.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
