 Hello there, exclusive VIP club fish extra special listeners. This is a secret message
 just for you. And it's a message to say it's time to reap the benefits of your loyalty
 that we are extremely grateful for. Over the last few months plowing through whatever it
 is that we decided sure now on this channel, it's about time you got rewarded for it and
 we thought because Christmas is coming up. We put on a couple of live shows. So you lot
 get first dibs on the tickets to those live shows. They're both going to be happening
 in London. They'll be in two halves. We're going to do a brand new podcast in the second
 half and we'll do some real nerdy fun Christmasy, probably get the audience involved kind of
 things in the first half. Please do come along. One of them will be up the creek in Greenwich
 and the other one's going to be at the Bloomsbury Theatre. And to get your hands on those top
 secret tickets, go to no such thing as a fish dot com slash Xmas live that is X M A S L I
 V E or Xmas live if you like, although that doesn't make grammatical sense. But if you
 go there, you can find the links to get tickets to either of those shows. Please come along.
 They're always super fun and we promise we'll make these ones extra good just for you. And
 now time to plow through another brand new format that we are calling nerd credentials.
 Off we go.
 Hello and welcome to nerd credentials. That is currently the name of this little bonus
 feature whereby we look at why our listeners are the nerdiest and the greatest in the entire
 world. We went on tour recently and part of that tour was we were looking for the nerdiest
 person in each city and town that we visited. And I've got some of the examples that people
 sent us on that tour. And I thought maybe we can discuss them and maybe if we remember
 some of our favourites, can you remember any good ones?
 Well, the one I always brought up in the first half was the guy who said that he wasn't sure
 if this qualified as nerdi and then explained that he was in the middle of writing a book
 called The Handrires of Europe. And then and so what he was doing was going around Europe
 taking photos, the pandemic hit, he had to stop. But he then said it's the projects a
 bit bigger than he realised and it's now a trilogy. So that is to be released on day.
 I can't wait till that gets released.
 It was The Handrires of Europe and then The Handrires of South America or The Handrires
 of Asia.
 I think it was different zones.
 I just thought Europe was such a big playing field. Actually, just while the memory is
 there of people with nerd credentials, we had one amazing moment. I can't remember which
 city where we were in the right hand corner of the lower section of the audience.
 It's hugely helpful. Thank you.
 Well, because this was two rows apart from each other where this happened, where someone
 raised their hand and said, "I was in a James Bond movie and it was a woman who was sitting
 in her office while they were filming a Daniel Craig James Bond scene outside the window
 and she accidentally by just proxy by sitting in her office working ended up in the final
 film."
 And she claimed that she was a Bond girl as a result of this, which is a very elastic
 definition of being a Bond girl, I think.
 You have to be very elastic to be a Bond girl, of course, so low qualified.
 So as she says, I was in a James Bond movie, two rows ahead, a guy suddenly goes, "Whoa!"
 and throws his hand in the air as if like he just suddenly was reminded of his nerd
 credential. And then his was insane because he was the designer of all of M's gadgets.
 Q's.
 Oh, Q's gadgets, sorry.
 M has no gadgets. M is Judy Dench. Her gadgets are just a steely look and a bit of sarcasm.
 You don't need to design it for that, it's all natural.
 All that.
 So, yeah, so Q and Q's gadgets that you will see in the latest James Bond movies were made
 by this person that was sitting two Bond connections right next to each other.
 We set them up. Anyone else just going to come with them out of their heads rather than
 me reading them?
 Sorry, you asked me some.
 Yeah, to be fair, you did ask. You can't tell the student off for answering your question.
 I did ask, but I wasn't expecting multiple.
 One more teacher, one more teacher.
 We actually got quite a lot about schools. Someone wrote to us saying that they were
 taken out of PSHE at school, which is physical and personal social.
 Isn't that the rude, the rude guy?
 Yeah, taken out of there and given Latin lessons instead.
 Because they were too...
 Well, they said, I guess they quite rightly realised that I wouldn't be needing the sex
 education anyway.
 Oh!
 Especially given being fluent in Latin.
 Yeah.
 That's where all the dirty stuff is hidden, though, in Latin. You know, remember the Natural
 History Museum, the guy who was documenting Penguin sayings?
 Yeah, the sex life of penguins and it was so salacious that you thought he had to write
 it in Latin so that only an educated person would be able to read it.
 I don't think at my school we got any sex stuff in PSHE lessons.
 Did you know?
 It was all sort of, this is what the Citizens Advice Bureau does.
 This really explains a lot.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We didn't have PSHE, actually.
 Didn't you?
 No.
 But we definitely had it.
 Isn't it compulsory?
 Oh, maybe we just didn't call it that. We just call it shag in class.
 Shag in class.
 Everyone behind the bike sheds for an hour.
 We got taught how it's done.
 Yeah, we only got taught some stuff in, but I feel like it was in biology.
 You see, at my school we didn't have Latin.
 Right.
 Or rather, we did have Latin, but there was only one teacher for the entire school.
 And so I had to do it during lunch times, lunch hours.
 I remember doing it really young and the banana thing, where you put a condom on a banana.
 In Latin.
 Bananas.
 It's quite choppy.
 Hannah, you did do this because you've told us that in that sex ed class they gave you
 a hockey stick or a lacrosse stick that you had to put a condom on.
 That was in English.
 That was in English.
 My English teacher was really cool and great and came in and she told us about her dates
 and stuff.
 But we were like, you know, tell us more and she said, well, how much do you guys know
 about sex?
 And I suppose we all said nothing.
 And so she did that.
 But we also got sex ed in biology.
 The thing is, that's a very good charming thing if you were roughly the right age for
 it.
 If this is a primary school story, it's less cool.
 It's just a 65-year-old male joke of each teacher.
 Exactly.
 Constantly dragging around his hockey stick.
 It's less.
 Yeah.
 We had a teacher at our school who taught us urythmi, which I went to Rudolf Steiner
 School.
 It's a dance that Steiner invented, which was meant to be words in movement.
 After whom the urythmiics were named the band.
 Genuinely?
 Wow.
 Oh, God, that's interesting.
 I didn't know that.
 It just means good rhythm.
 Yeah, right.
 And he used to come in, and I won't say his name, but he was from either Germany or Austria.
 And he...
 So you won't even say his nationality?
 Yeah.
 I'm just going to allude to it.
 It was Mr. A. Hitler.
 He was actually from South America.
 So we had him for years as our teacher all the way through high school.
 And he was dawned for a period and he came back.
 And when he came back, he said, "I was recovering from a vasectomy that I had.
 My wife and I don't want to have kids anymore," and we're like, "Okay."
 Then like about a year later, he was gone again.
 He came back and he said, "Sorry, I was off.
 I was having it reattached because my wife decided that we wanted to have another kid."
 And then he was gone again a while later saying, "That was a bad idea.
 I've had it disattached again."
 This was a bit more Cotidian one that we got.
 So we would get more like this.
 So when I hang my washing on the line, I always make sure there is an even number of each
 colour of peg, so no one peg colour gets a special treatment.
 Oh, I always do that kind of thing.
 Do you sort of anthropomorphising colours things?
 Objects.
 And make sure objects are evenly, so if I touch one object and there's another on the
 table, then I'll be like, "Better touch that one as well to give it, to give both equal
 touches."
 This is why you don't get to vote to do the parties.
 I'm just going around smearing every bit of colouring on the table.
 Seems like my own spoon, after like everyone else's.
 That's great.
 I understand that impulse.
 Yeah.
 You know, you can rotate your plates, can't you?
 Yeah, because the ones at the bottom don't get much for use, do they, when you're cooking
 for one every night.
 My wife gets really annoyed with it.
 I was one of my best friends at uni.
 She in first year, she had two astrays in her room, we were on the Smokers floor and
 one of them is...
 Smokers floor.
 Yeah, Smokers floor.
 I mean, that sort of dates you for a start.
 Like 21 and then I just went you first in China.
 Because since smoke rises, did they put the Smokers floor on the top floor?
 Oh my God, it was actually on the top floor and I wonder if that is genuinely why otherwise
 it would have made all the other smell really bad.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's what I'm thinking.
 Yeah.
 Although does it rise?
 Does it rise through plaster?
 No.
 But you smoke, like if you have your window open, then it will get up and everyone else
 will smell out.
 Yeah, that's a good point.
 Yeah.
 It's a very clever Edinburgh if you did that.
 Well, you should do that on high streets where all the restaurants should be on the
 upstairs floor and the residential bits should be below, right?
 Yeah.
 Well, why don't we have restaurants always at the top of the building?
 I lived in...
 Because it smells of food.
 Yeah.
 I lived in an archway above a Chinese restaurant and it just constantly you have the waft of
 it coming through.
 Yeah.
 But we should have swapped.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And I'm sure it will be much less disruptive for you then to live below a Chinese restaurant.
 I'm sure that wouldn't have led to any problems at all, no people coming or going at late
 hours.
 Wow.
 We haven't thought this through, it's an architectural plan.
 Welcome to...
 Welcome to City of Dan, all the restaurants are on the top floor.
 But when they're done, it means testicles in Chinese.
 It's true.
 So that's a very specialist restaurant.
 Look, anyway, she had two Astros, one was very beautiful and expensive and so I'd give
 it to her, one was really crap and she always used the beautiful one, but she felt incredibly
 guilty about that.
 And then one night she just had a breakdown, was like, I feel so awful, I'm neglecting
 the ugly one, but she hurled the beautiful one out of the window and smashed it to pieces.
 Oh, wow, that's pretty.
 That sounds like a Hans Christian Anderson story, doesn't it?
 It does a bit, yeah.
 We should write it down.
 So what, so she then only had one Astro?
 Yeah, but at least she didn't feel guilty about preferring the nice one over the shit
 one.
 At least there's that.
 Did you, speaking of that, did you see that tweet the other day?
 This is someone else's material, so I shouldn't really say it.
 Hans tweeted that their ex told them a story that when they're at primary school, they
 had the lead role in the ugly duckling.
 But when they changed to a swan, they swapped her in for another child.
 Didn't China do that at the Olympics, didn't it?
 Oh, they did.
 This is a singer.
 Incredibly beautiful child, miming.
 Oh, you'd be opening ceremony.
 Well, another child with the voice of an angel sang behind the screen.
 Was it live?
 It was pre-recorded, I assume.
 She was lip syncing, but there'd be no point.
 If someone's behind a screen, you might as well record them, right?
 Yeah.
 It wouldn't make sense to lip sync to someone live.
 The goblin child might as well have sung weeks ago.
 Pre-recorded.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 The goblin child wasn't singing live.
 No.
 But the beautiful child was miming live.
 Lip syncing.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 The goblin wasn't behind the screen.
 I think the child was probably perfectly nice looking.
 While we're on sport, can I tell you, this is one we got in Chesterfield, and it's a
 bit controversial.
 So someone said, "I collected all my belly button fluff and asked my grandmother to knit
 it into a Chesterfield FC bobble hat.
 To this day, it is one of my prized possessions."
 That was Jeremiah Kay who said that in live.
 Can you do that?
 Would that be strong enough to...
 We asked that, and I seem to remember it was a lie.
 It was a lie.
 We asked him live.
 We found him in the audience and asked him if it was true, and he said he was winding
 us up.
 Because you'd have to have such a large belly button or such a small head.
 There's no way you can get...
 I mean, think about how much belly button fluff you produce then.
 Yeah.
 Not very much.
 Not very much, no.
 How many years would you have to be supporting?
 Was it Chesterfield FC?
 Yeah.
 To get a bobble hat?
 Most Chesterfield FC fans who are elderly will have been supporting them their whole
 lives.
 Okay, so let's say you've spent 80 years collecting your...
 Yeah.
 And sorry, then you're getting your grandmother to knit you a hat.
 Do you see what...
 I see the problem here.
 She's definitely got arthritis at that point.
 It's not gonna work.
 You could maybe knit like a little finger puppet out of your...
 Yeah.
 If you spent your whole life doing it.
 Yeah.
 But what a wasted life it would be.
 Yeah.
 I don't even know if you could out of the fluff in a belly button.
 Do you remember that was that thing where Alan downed like a jar of something weird,
 like belly button fluff?
 We were playing Ring of Fire with him at two in the morning, weren't we?
 No, no, no.
 We were on the TV show that he was handed something like a jar of what I thought was
 belly button fluff.
 It was one of the most disgusting moments I've ever seen on QI.
 Yeah.
 Maybe B for belly button.
 You'd feel like we would remember...
 I wasn't here in the B series, or I was working out, but I didn't go to any recording, so...
 I watched it all on DVD when I got the job, and I don't remember that, but I...
 It's quite possible it didn't go out, 'cause I just seem to remember being disgusted in
 the studio.
 But I can't...
 Maybe I'm making that up.
 That's weird if that's a false memory.
 Here's one that we got in which could easily have come from Alex Bell, our colleague.
 This person said that when they were four years old, they were a sandwich board in school
 all day saying, "Ask me anything about dinosaurs."
 I remember that from the last week.
 Isn't that amazing?
 And then on the same day, someone sent in a message saying, "My wife thought I was
 cheating on her after she found my burner phone.
 It was one that I bought so I could have a second Pokémon Go account."
 It's the...
 James, you were a fan of Pokémon Go.
 I am.
 What's the advantage to having a second Pokémon Go account?
 I mean, you're collecting them.
 Yeah, you could swap with yourself.
 You could fight against yourself and cheat, and like deliberately fight your good guys
 against their bad guys.
 So he was cheating?
 I'm happy with his calling that child a goblin, but I'm not happy with calling another Pokémon
 Go player a cheat.
 That's funny.
 That's when people do that in chess, don't they?
 They play weak.
 You play someone who's actually just going to throw the game, and then your ranking rises.
 Or you play someone...
 It's called sunbagging.
 Yeah.
 We talk about that.
 It sounds so much ruder and more fun than it is.
 What do we know about old anal beads who is in the news recently?
 He's still allowed to play.
 But what was he doing?
 What was the vibrations we're giving?
 No, no, no.
 Right.
 He played chess against Magnus Carlson and beat him.
 You wouldn't have expected him to beat him, and actually his rise has been surprisingly
 quick in the world of chess.
 Now Magnus thinks that he cheated, or that he has cheated in the past, and one YouTuber
 or blogger or something said, "Well, here's one way he could possibly have cheated.
 He could have put anal beads up his bum and got them to vibrate whenever he needed to
 do the right move or whatever."
 I don't think anyone actually believes this is a real theory.
 It's incredible for something to go, basically, from one Reddit comment to an accepted piece
 of chess discourse.
 It's basically like if you see this story in The Times, it would say, "Anal bead come
 trovesy guy," says Magnus Carlson.
 It does sort of frighten you about how news gets made when you see that going on.
 The worst thing is I used to play giant chess, and I did cheat at that, and it's just not
 worth the discomfort.
 Right.
 You don't need bigger beads.
 What?
 What was I doing with those billions of balls?
 That was my first batch of nerd credentials that you guys sent in.
 I have a million more, so we might do this sometime, but actually, if you have a nerd
 credential and you're at home, why not send us it?
 You've heard what we want to hear.
 Send it to podcast.qi.com, and we might mention a few that you've sent in.
 And to steal a line from Andrew Hunter Murray, bye.
 So catch it.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
