 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 And which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It's kind of the nicer thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello, and welcome to another edition of "No Such Thing As A Fish"
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices
 in Culverant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with three other QI elves, James,
 Markin, Hanuch, Zinsky, and Andy Murray.
 And once again, we've gathered around the microphones
 to share our favorite facts from the last seven days.
 So, in no particular order, here we go.
 James, let's begin with you.
 OK, yeah, my fat this week is it was fashionable in New York
 at the end of the 19th century for ladies
 to wear live lizards as broaches.
 Wow.
 With a pin on them?
 Well, actually, with a small leash, it seems.
 This was an article in the archive of The New York Times
 about the RSPCA complaining about it.
 I'm surprising.
 Yeah, I mean, let me give you a few little bits.
 The lizards have been sold as chameleons.
 They were fastened to cushions by means of tiny colors and chains,
 and they have become quite a plaything with many people.
 Sometimes they were worn in the streets by women
 who had them attached to their bodices.
 It doesn't really give any more information than that.
 And was this popular?
 Was it, did a lot of people do it?
 I imagine it didn't last for very long because the RSPCA
 in the New York Times got involved.
 Are there any other animals that we've known to have worn?
 Yes, which really recently, maybe used all this as well.
 And I don't really know why I don't remember this.
 Apparently, in 2006, there was a fashion designer
 who designed cockroach broaches.
 I think mainly because of the rhyming thing.
 But they became quite a popular thing.
 And there was a live cockroach on a brooch.
 And so they were decorated with like,
 ornate jewelry and painted gold and stuff.
 And apparently they could last up to a year.
 And they just crawled around using it.
 I think Paris Hilton got one.
 Women used to keep the small pets in their moths.
 They would decorate their moths with jewels
 and they would put pets in there.
 And for a while, it was like a status symbol.
 The larger your moth was, the more rich you were.
 So if you get a horse in there, a 16-hander,
 then that's impressive.
 People are going, she must be a princess or something.
 She has a moth that fits a horse in.
 People would be impressed, yes?
 There was another live animal that people used, apparently,
 in the Middle Ages.
 One recommended cure for the plague
 was strapping a live chicken around the bubos on your body.
 Oh, yeah.
 That work?
 No, no, that's why a third of Europe died.
 I find that amazing.
 They used to think that if you got bitten by a snake,
 that if you put a live pigeon on the bite,
 the bottom of a pigeon, it would suck out the venom.
 That's right.
 Yeah, and you would consistently use more and more pigeons
 until the final anus sucking pigeon didn't die.
 And then you knew you got all the poison out.
 I have a very dim memory of people in China, a thousand,
 or so years ago, keeping something, a little insect
 in a cage around their necks, which had drunk their lovers blood.
 Yeah, that would happen in Europe with fleas.
 Fleas, that's it.
 But I can't imagine a cage smaller enough to keep a flea
 and stop it from escaping.
 There's a poem by John Dunn called "The Flea",
 which is talking about how the fleas bitten her.
 Now it's bitten him and he's saying,
 oh, in the romantic, it's got both of us mingled in it.
 Oh, that's a good poem.
 They all died of the plague soon after that.
 Which isn't caused by rats, again, right?
 I know this always comes around.
 Well, just on that subject of rats and us wearing lizards,
 there's a nice little mouse that we've been giving back to,
 which is a mouse that's going kind of,
 it's gone the endangered list.
 And all the used balls from Wimbledon
 have been donated as little houses for these mice.
 That's very nice.
 Yeah.
 Eurasian harvest mice.
 That's right.
 Yeah, so we should put a picture of on the website
 of them and these little homes.
 I thought you were going to say the reverse of the lizard thing
 is there's an animal that's been wearing a human in some way.
 Is that what horses claim they're doing?
 That's not my credit cesarean again.
 Yeah, the fashion for humans in tight trousers
 and long boots remains.
 I do really like the origin of fashions
 that are quite normal, though.
 I didn't know how people used to wear wigs
 from the 17th century into the 19th century.
 That was because Louis, the 13th,
 had male patterned baldness.
 And so he insisted on wearing wigs all the time to conceal that.
 They used to wear really massive wigs,
 and they're really ridiculous with things
 in the wigs like a ship in a full sail
 or a windmill with farm animals around it.
 And this massive wig, yeah.
 Sometimes they would, if there was something
 would happen in the news, they would wear a wig
 which reflected what was happening in the news at the time.
 No.
 And else, they were quite expensive these wigs.
 If you got a really good one, they were really status symbols.
 And wig theft became a bit of a problem.
 What they would have is you would walk across, if you were a thief,
 you'd walk across with a basket,
 and there'd be a young child inside the basket.
 And then you would distract him for some reason.
 Then the child would pop out, grab the wig,
 pop back in into the basket and you'd run off.
 Oh, how many of those all good moments were there
 from cartoons where the children grabbed someone's hair
 and it turned out not to be a wig.
 And then...
 And people going, "That's definitely my mate,
 "Hindenburg Crash, that you're wearing on your head."
 What were on wig theft?
 Someone, a lot of people in the 1910s and 1920s,
 there were bands on people bobbing their hair,
 whether that was locally enforced.
 There weren't any governmental bands on it,
 but it was very discouraged.
 It was seen as being far too racy.
 And at least one girl blamed her haircut
 on what they called Jack the Clipper.
 As in someone just leaned out and shot my hair.
 So a girl in the Bronx said that a high-witman
 had grabbed her and cut her hair off.
 That sounds like someone where they
 thought of the name of the criminal before.
 Just speaking of things that had done
 one of my all-time favourite cuifax,
 this is just a sentence.
 In 1367, the French King, Charles V,
 prohibited the wearing of shoes shaped like penises.
 Presumably because they were uncomfortable.
 What happened was the front of the shoe would go very long.
 And then they got longer and longer and longer.
 And then they got more sticky-upy,
 more sticky-upy because it became more fashionable.
 And then people thought,
 "Oh, something long and sticky-upy,
 why don't we make it into a penis?"
 And they did that and then they handed that out.
 It's just one of my all-time favourite fads.
 A lady Gaga would not have fit in in that court.
 OK, time for fact number two, this one's mine.
 My fact this week is that the great code breaker,
 Alan Shurring, lost his buried treasure
 when he couldn't crack his own code.
 So Alan Shurring, for those, I guess,
 who don't quite know who he is.
 Yeah, he is a great mathematician and code breaker
 from Blechley Park.
 He was very instrumental in helping to crack things
 like the Enigma codes.
 And isn't he the, he's known as the father
 of modern computing?
 Yeah, the cheering test.
 The cheering test is named after him.
 Yeah, so this is what happened.
 This was in 1940.
 Alan Shurring got really scared of a potential German invasion.
 So he converted all of his life savings into two bars of silver,
 which at the time were at about 250 pounds.
 He wheeled them to some woods near Shanley
 and he buried them both under the forest floor,
 one of them under the forest floor,
 one under a bridge by a bed of a stream.
 He then made a code of where he buried it.
 And then he made a code of the code.
 And no one knows exactly how many codes are the codes
 that he made, but he made a number so that no one--
 Do we have the codes?
 No.
 Because I imagine it would be X marks a spot.
 X equals Y.
 Oh yeah.
 So five years later, he returns with a metal detector in hand.
 And he goes to where he buried them
 and he couldn't crack his own codes.
 And he kept trying and kept trying and kept trying.
 He did three expeditions to try and find his buried treasure
 in each time.
 He couldn't do it.
 And on top of it, in those five years,
 the landscape had changed.
 Someone had knocked down the bridge
 where he put it near the bed of the stream.
 And so he never found it.
 And so unless someone has found it and not told anyone about it,
 Alan Turing's silver hoard is still buried somewhere in Shanley.
 But we don't know what his code was to be.
 It was probably like, yeah, look at this bridge
 and there's a poppy field to your left.
 And I think the man who helped crack the enigma code,
 probably used something a bit more complex.
 He can't take four hops towards the last year each.
 It was a double bluff.
 Three rolly polies for you.
 So simple, it's completely.
 That's actually also how he cracked the enigma code
 in the first place.
 So do you know who, if you find treasure in the UK,
 do you know who you report it to?
 The local coroner.
 So all he does is get his dead bodies and treasure reported to him.
 You know what you'd be hoping for, don't you?
 In France, you can't metal detect without a license to do so.
 And much stricter on it than we are.
 So I don't know whether that means there's
 much more buried treasure in France,
 just because there aren't enthusiastic amateurs
 going around the country and seeing what they can find.
 Yeah, because something like 90% of treasure
 in the UK is found by people with metal detects
 is just amateurs, I think.
 Do you know how many coins you have to find for it
 to qualify as like a hoard?
 You know, like he's just like a real hoarder.
 He's got a hoard of 100.
 I reckon not many.
 I reckon 20.
 Yeah, it's two.
 Two.
 As long as they're at least 10% precious metal.
 Oh, it's great.
 I've got several hordes in my wallet, that's brilliant.
 Well, they have to be 300 years old at least, sorry.
 I'm very thrifty.
 So.
 I'm very old.
 So are you allowed to keep a coin?
 But you're not allowed to keep a hoard?
 Do you then have to go to the corner?
 Yes.
 Couldn't you just say, oh, I found a coin,
 then walk away for a bit, then walk back.
 Oh, another coin.
 Another coin.
 How much?
 This is such a great idea.
 I'll be excellent.
 I found a coin 50 times.
 They're going to have to rewrite the law right now.
 There's a great story of a book that was published in 1979
 in England.
 It was kind of the world's first global treasure hunt.
 And it was a book called The Masquerade by Kit Williams.
 It's only about 20 pages, and it's all illustrations.
 And the story doesn't really matter.
 It's the fact that in every single page,
 there's hidden codes to the location
 of what the boy finds at the end of the story book, which
 is this golden masquerade hair.
 And Kit Williams buried it somewhere in the world.
 He didn't say where.
 And if you cracked the code of the book,
 you would find the masquerade hair.
 Did anyone find it?
 Someone eventually did, but it really made people go insane
 in the search for it, because they became obsessed with it.
 It was a really, really hard code to crack.
 People actually were sectioned for psychiatric help,
 because they were so obsessed, and they were just--
 Yeah, not getting to it.
 And unfortunately, the code was cracked by a couple,
 and they wrote the letter to Kit Williams
 to say that we'd found it.
 And the day before that letter had arrived,
 a neighboring person came to the house and said,
 Kit, I've got the answer.
 I know where it is, and then dug it up.
 But they were told by one of Kit Williams' friends,
 the location.
 So they cheated in order to get it.
 Oh, bust.
 So he told his friends, the location.
 Somehow, like he must have slipped in the pub
 or something.
 I don't know what it was.
 Oh, damn it.
 Yeah, the person who did find it then
 tried to replicate the experience with a computer game,
 but it became so expensive to make it.
 And no one understood it once it came out.
 That the company went bankrupt, and he
 had to put the mass-grade hair itself up for auction.
 It went up for auction in Sotheby's.
 It was bought by an anonymous bidder.
 And since it was bought 30 something odd years ago,
 no one knows its location currently.
 Yeah, so it's still out there.
 It's sliding.
 Yeah, get the car, though.
 Yeah.
 Just talking about lost things.
 People always lose their pincoats on their credit cards
 and whatever.
 That happens all the time.
 And I saw an article in the independent from 1996,
 which thought that in the future, instead of pincoats,
 people would use their fingerprints
 to say who they are when they put their credit card in.
 People, obviously, are a little bit worried
 about whether that would work or not.
 And so they managed to stop any worry
 by saying a similar program in South Africa,
 which distributes payments to 450,000 pensioners,
 has resulted in only one attempt
 to use an amputated finger in more than six years.
 So that sounds pretty safe.
 Wow.
 That's just the one they found out about presumably.
 I mean, how many people with amputated fingers
 are there buried in someone's dungeon?
 When they had the line-up, they were like,
 points are the guy who did this.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, mine's from fact number three,
 and we're going to do you, Anna.
 Yeah, my effect is that in 2011, the largest sperm bank
 in the world stopped accepting sperm from retets.
 They swore.
 They swore at each other.
 Well, it was a supply and demand issue, I think.
 It was cryos international sperm bank in Denmark.
 I think Denmark calls itself the sperm capital of the world
 because there--
 Is that really right but the airport?
 Yes, it is.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They're very proud of it.
 Everyone in Denmark, whenever they answer phone,
 has to say, welcome to Denmark, sperm capital of the world.
 That's true.
 So was the sperm bank capital?
 Sperm bank capital, yeah, I don't think
 they just have really well-independent.
 I actually use the sperm building society.
 I think it's more ethical.
 There's a lovely fact of just the idea
 of having that logo on at the airport that in Scotland,
 they spent the tourism board spent hundreds of thousands
 of pounds trying to refine a great slogan
 to arrive to for all of Scotland.
 And after brainstorms that lasted for however long,
 hundreds of thousands of pounds,
 they arrived at welcome to Scotland.
 That's the oldies of the goodies, aren't they?
 Sorry, Anna, go on.
 Yeah, so there's a quote from Ollie Schoo.
 And he says, there are too many.
 So he runs the sperm bank in Denmark.
 Cryous international sperm bank.
 And he said, there are too many redheads in relation to demand.
 I do not think you choose a redhead unless the partner,
 for example, the sterile male, has red hair,
 or because the lone woman has a preference for redheads.
 And that's perhaps not so many, especially in the latter case.
 Anyway, it's obviously not fair,
 because there's absolutely nothing wrong with redheads.
 Just want to make that clear as the QI view.
 And he also stopped accepting Ollie Schoo,
 stopped accepting donations from a lot of Scandinavians as well,
 because they export a lot of their sperm internationally.
 And there's not so people like to have children
 that kind of look like them.
 Wow, what a weird way of making your country bigger
 on the global map.
 10% of their sperm go to Britain, in fact.
 And he just wraps them up in a little package,
 sends them, you can receive it in the post,
 and then you can, like, it's all DIY, order it online.
 Really?
 What? So it comes refrigerated?
 Or what customs just sort of wave it through?
 I believe so.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So it's not over the liquids amount.
 A lot of it.
 I mean, don't think so.
 I know something which is over the liquids amount.
 Unfortunately, this was in 2011.
 There were lots of zerofishers trying to establish a sperm bank
 for elephants in North America, because there aren't enough
 elephants, and they're going to start becoming too closely
 related to each other in a week in the gene pool.
 So 16 liters of elephant semen were
 being kept in South African export office,
 because American import had no idea
 what to classify it as.
 There's a lot of bureaucracy in the USA.
 So it was just kept waiting there frozen in limbo for ages.
 And I think it might still be there.
 And that was three years ago.
 So there's 16 liters of semen waiting somewhere
 as part of Project Frozen Dumbo.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Shouldn't have declared.
 Should have just gone through questions.
 This has gone through.
 There's over 100 miles, very tricky.
 You'd have to have a lot of tiny bottles of shampoo.
 Yeah.
 She goes in the 90% of your sperm is deformed.
 You three specifically.
 I told that all the time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So long.
 What do you mean?
 90% of men's sperm has either two heads or two
 tail, or multiple heads and tails, or a coiled tail,
 or a broken tail.
 So you mean superhero?
 Yeah, yeah, OK.
 Superhuman.
 But a lot of these men actually get the clip,
 so they can't have babies, by a notorious villain known
 as Jack the Sniffer.
 He's killing the superheroes before they're born.
 For me, when I hear the word redheads as an Australian,
 I immediately think of our matches.
 Because in Australia, that's the leading brand of matches.
 They're called redheads.
 Redheads were originally made in Australia,
 but then they got outsourced to Sweden.
 And so they were no longer an Australian product.
 And we have a guy in Australia called Dick Smith.
 And he runs Dick Smith's electronics, Dick Smith's Foods.
 And he's kind of Australia's Richard Branson.
 And he decided that he wasn't going to allow redheads
 to become the leading brand of Australian matches.
 So he created his own brand, which you can buy and shop.
 So I think you can still buy them.
 And they're called Dickheads, his Dick Smith Dickheads.
 And Dickheads became a hugely popular product in Australia.
 That reminds me a little bit of, do you
 know about redhead day in the Netherlands?
 It's a summer festival.
 It takes place each first weekend of September
 in the city of Brayda.
 And all the redheads from around the world
 come along and have fun and party.
 It's very popular.
 But for the first few years, it wasn't so popular
 because it clashed with a local pumpkin contest.
 But now it's--
 Which orange to choose?
 Is that what they're doing?
 Why do redheads get such a hard time?
 I've never understood that.
 Neither of us.
 I always wanted to be redhead.
 Yeah, it means you're special.
 Yeah.
 The Irish like redheads.
 There's a high demand still for redheads amongst the Irish.
 They're still asking for redheads.
 Apparently very popular in Germany as well,
 though as a sex researcher called Professor Dr. Werner Habermel.
 And he said, the sex lives of women with red hair
 is clearly more active than those with other hair color,
 with more partners and having sex more often than the average.
 I find it quite interesting that the human sperm cell
 is the smallest cell in the human body.
 And a lot of people know the egg, the female egg,
 is one of the largest, I think.
 But a blue whale sperm is only a very tiny amount longer
 than a human's one.
 Oh, it's interesting.
 So it's completely different by species.
 Yeah, it's totally random.
 I don't know people-- I don't know why.
 They certainly don't know why the fruit fly sperm is so big.
 And yeah, why have a small sperm or a big sperm?
 Several times as long as the actual fruit fly, isn't it?
 20 times.
 20 times as long.
 Although I couldn't work at the work this out.
 So the average male ejaculate is half a teaspoon.
 And that's where the bang got its name from.
 Really?
 I didn't know that.
 brackets, I haven't also heard of the band.
 It contains 200 million sperm.
 If you lined up all the sperm in one ejaculate,
 it'd stretch six miles.
 So you managed to get your sperm into one line.
 It's six miles up.
 I don't know.
 If you're asking them all to queue up in the blink,
 you need a spatula or something.
 You with two heads to the back.
 The man who first discovered the man who first saw sperm
 under a microscope who was called Van Liewenhook.
 So he discovered them in 1677.
 He was very clear whenever he wrote about it,
 I'll spoke about that.
 The sperm that I found were not obtained
 by any sinful contrivance on my part,
 but were the excess which nature provided me
 in conjugal relation.
 One thing I found is that it takes five people
 to get semen out of a vulture.
 Right.
 Is that your first hand experience?
 I've got that news for you.
 Andy, there's only four of us.
 What am I going to do with this guy?
 No, one person takes the limbs, one takes the head,
 one takes the wings, a fourth person massages it back.
 So after the massage, the bird gets aroused
 and then it's a cloaca appears, which
 is like the sexual opening that my spurts have.
 And then so the fourth person then grabs the cloaca
 between Tham and index finger, at which point the fifth person
 collects the semen in a glass funnel.
 All receptacle of their choice.
 It doesn't matter.
 Once you've gone to that much effort, though,
 you may as well get a glass funnel.
 And that's the stag night over.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, final fact of the show.
 And we head over to Andy Murray.
 My fact is that the English language
 has more words borrowed from Hawaiian than it has from Welsh,
 which is surprising.
 Yeah, because it's quite a long way away, Hawaiian.
 And whereas Wales is quite close.
 Almost next door.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So let me think.
 So maybe that is because things in Hawaii are more unusual
 to us, things that are in Wales, we just
 use the English words for our past.
 Well, possibly, but there seems to be a theory
 that it's actually snobbery, that it was Anglo-Saxon snobbery
 that repressed the Welsh language.
 And it was suppressed for a long time in the 19th century.
 So this is acclaimed by Dr. Philip Durkin,
 who's the author of borrowed words.
 And he's also the deputy editor of the OED.
 So he knows his stuff.
 And he's ranked a lot of different languages in terms
 of how many words from them have ended up in the OED.
 And Latin comes first and French comes second.
 But Hawaiian manages to beat Welsh, as does Turkish and Icelandic.
 Hawaiian words that we have include things
 like a hula hoop from Hula, the hula does,
 ukulele, aloha, and wiki, which means quickly.
 So wikipedia.
 So if you go to Hawaii, I've been to Hawaii,
 and if you get a bus from the airport to wherever you need to go,
 they're called wiki, wiki buses, because they're quinks, right?
 There's a bunch of words that I think someone
 recently wrote a book on was that the English language
 used to have that we should bring back,
 but the only one that springs to mind is fizzle,
 which used to mean in the 15th and 16th centuries,
 it was a verb, it meant to break wind without making a noise.
 Which you don't have anymore, but apparently, yeah.
 Fizzle is where we get the word feisty from.
 Andy, you actually have invented new words, haven't you,
 for you were one of the kind of silent authors
 of the new meaning of the lift book after this.
 It was a book there, what was it, Andy?
 It's a book there.
 It's a book of things that there should be words for,
 but aren't.
 So the original one was in the 80s, and it was one of the words,
 and that was Abilene, which is the pleasant coolness
 on the other side of a pillow, which is lovely.
 There's no word for that on a hot night when you turn
 your pillow over, oh, it's so nice.
 So all the words in it, all the definitions
 of real place names from around the world,
 matched with things that--
 Experiences that don't yet have a word to condense them.
 Exactly, yes.
 So Angram, an amusing anagram you've come up with,
 which doesn't quite work, for example.
 Or Dambi Whisk, which is the bit of kitchen equipment,
 that you don't know what it's for, but it always
 means that you can't quite shut the drawer properly.
 And you have to sort of charm it in.
 So that kind of stuff, that's great.
 Going to the Welsh thing, there are several thousand people
 in Patagonia in Argentina who descended from the Welsh
 and speak Welsh and Spanish as their two main languages.
 There are nearly as many Welsh speakers there
 as their own Wales.
 That's bizarre.
 Yeah.
 I really love it when language gets kind of preserved,
 because you're in an isolated place.
 I remember going to North Carolina
 and being right on the coastline.
 And obviously, that's where some of the first people
 landed from a South-West coast.
 And everyone there spoke with kind of a really thick Devonshire
 accent.
 It's so weird.
 So you're in North Carolina.
 And people are talking like this to you.
 I'm not very good at that accent.
 I'll be proud to present Palmerston Island, I think,
 in the middle of the Pacific.
 And they all speak with a Gloucestershire accent.
 Yeah, that's so clear.
 This is not a real island.
 Oh, really?
 My favourite word is Grockel, which is a Devon word,
 which means somebody's not from around here.
 Yeah, that's good.
 Very definitely.
 I'm not from Grockel.
 The Hawaiians have a word for that, actually.
 How, how, how, how, how, how, something like that,
 which means someone who's not from around there.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 There are some other Hawaiian words,
 which we should probably borrow in a bit,
 similar to what we do with Afterlif.
 These are quite cool words.
 Makahaka-haka is someone with deep-set eyeballs.
 Which is very good.
 Oh, that's me.
 I've got deep-set eyes.
 Is it?
 Oh, yeah.
 If you're listening at home, we can barely see Danzai's,
 because they're just so far away.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's another one.
 It's Ulaia, which means to live like a hermit
 because of disappointment.
 Wow.
 Oh, my god, that's amazing.
 It's very specific as well.
 The fact that you need a word for that implies
 that there are a lot of people living as hermits
 because of disappointment.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They should meet up and not be hermits anymore.
 That is just--
 This is completely off-topic.
 But do you know that thing about the hermits
 in like the first of the fourth century?
 It was a fashion for people who were religious
 to go and live in the desert as a hermit.
 A few people did it, and then it became more fashionable,
 and more fashionable, and more fashionable still.
 And then you have all these writings of these hermits
 living in the desert going, I can't move
 for all these other hermits.
 It's just totally hermit.
 I read the other day that one of the things
 that people used to do to sort out their melancholy--
 this was the rich back in the days--
 that they would hire a hermit to live on their grounds,
 and they would build a hermitage.
 And they would go and talk to that hermit,
 and then they would let the problem sit with the hermit,
 and the hermit would then just mull on them on their behalf.
 But sometimes, if you couldn't afford the hermit,
 they would often just build the hermitage.
 They would leave items in particular positions.
 So they looked like the hermit was just--
 he'd just gone out for a walk.
 He was showing off to your rich friends.
 Oh, I've got a hermit.
 Oh, he must be out of the moment.
 He's out socialising.
 He's gone out on the town.
 You don't really need to do that, because all you have to do
 is say, oh, he's a hermit.
 He doesn't like to be disfigured.
 I don't think that's true.
 I can't believe there was a theory
 that it might make you less melancholy
 to go and rearrange the furniture in your fake hermitage house.
 It sounds like I would walk out of that house
 and commit suicide immediately.
 What's my life at a girl?
 Somebody from the University of Leicester School
 in English who was researching the hermit thing
 said that they would leave reading matter and glasses out,
 a bit like leaving Cheryale for Father Christmas.
 So--
 Yeah, so to look like he was there.
 And yeah.
 I think that's quite charming.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And then they'd pretend to turn the pages
 and put a bit more on kind of new page.
 We're more on kind of it every day.
 Yeah.
 Oh, he's really got a long way with Little Dorit.
 Words that we do get just going back to Welsh,
 because we've gone so far off topic.
 But words that we do get from Welsh
 include flannel, flummery, corgi, and dad.
 Dad.
 Yeah.
 That was a pretty big hit, sir.
 But not mom.
 No, not mom.
 Isn't Ma the universal word from mother as a result of all babies?
 It's pretty youthful.
 But there is a place.
 And I think it's Georgia or Armenia,
 where the word for mother is dada.
 Yeah.
 It's one of very few places in the world.
 The corgi thing's quite interesting,
 because it means that the correct plural of corgi
 is cauguin, because that's the way the Welsh plural is made.
 You have another thing about plurals.
 The one is whenever I go to a sandwich shop,
 I get very annoyed if I ask Panini, and they only give me one.
 Because Panini is plural, and it should be--
 and I always ask for a Panino if I only want one of them.
 You're going to be perpetually disappointed.
 That is such a lovely god.
 And I never invite a QIL 30 kind of shop,
 because you're just going to be bantic at the hour and every day.
 Actually, there's no such thing as a fish.
 Get out of my fish and chip shop.
 You're one of the QILs, aren't you?
 Do you know what the state fish of Hawaii is?
 No, I'm going to tell you.
 It's the Humu, Humu, Nuku, Nuku, A-Pu, A-A.
 This is why we took from Hawaiian, rather than from Welsh,
 because they've lost so many vowels, and vowels
 are really easy to pronounce, aren't they?
 Hawaiian word, Humu, A-E-O-I-A, meaning certified,
 has the most consecutive vowels of any word
 in the current human speech.
 Just kind of sounds like they're drunk all the time, isn't it?
 If you're just alighting too many vowels--
 Sounds better than they're cornish.
 Yeah.
 I'll see you later.
 OK, we should wrap up.
 Just one final thing, Anna.
 One final thing, phonetomology.
 The first known use of the word abracadabra
 was from the third century, seems kind of weird to me,
 because he would have thought it was like a modern--
 I don't know, it sounds like such a weird modern concoction,
 but it was used in the third century by a doctor
 who prescribed it as an anti-malarial.
 It was one of the first proposed cures for malaria, and you--
 Just to say abracadabra?
 Yeah, you actually have to wear it around your neck
 and an amulet, too.
 But I like the idea of someone going to the doctor.
 He's like, I'm feeling not very good.
 I think I'm a malaria.
 Oh, I've got the one thing for you.
 Abracadabra!
 Abracadabra!
 Yeah.
 Thanks, I feel much better.
 OK, that's it for our episode.
 That's all our facts.
 Thanks for listening to our show.
 If you want to get in touch with any of us
 about any of the things that we've said,
 you can reach us on our Twitter handles.
 James can be found on @xshaped.
 Andy, you're on @andruhontoem.
 I'm on @shriverland.
 Anna is not on Twitter at the moment.
 Again, she is still refraining from joining,
 but we will get her one day.
 In the meantime, she sets up our fantastic qi.com/podcast page
 where we're going to have links and videos and photos
 of all the things that we've spoken about over the course
 of this episode.
 So if you go there and check it out, that'd be great.
 And we'll see you guys again next week.
 So thanks for listening to No Such Thing as a Fish.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
