 Hi everyone and welcome to episode
 501 of no such thing as a fish. Well, what do we have for you this week?
 We have finished our summer live shows and we have loads of extra bits that I couldn't fit into the normal
 15 minute to an hour episode of fish
 Usually what we would do with those is we'd make them into a compilation and they would go for our club fish members
 That's where all the compilations go these days
 But seeing as they were the live shows that were coming to the end of summer and that we're all sleeping off our hangovers from episode
 500 we thought we would put this up on our main feed now the thing is about these episodes is if you like the
 Facts on fish then these are some of the best episodes for you because they are super concentrated of little nuggets of information
 But there's loads of fun silly stuff in there as well
 I really hope you enjoy it if you like your compilations, then you can become a member of club fish
 You will also get ad free episodes
 You'll get other bonus contents such as drop as a line where we go through the mailbox and meet the elves where we meet some of our
 Newer members of staff at QI. There's also stuff on there
 It's well worth joining and you can join there by going to know such things the fish dot com forward slash apple or no such things
 The fish dot com forward slash patreon anyway, I really hope you enjoy this week's show
 We'll be back next week with a normal episode, but for now it's on with the podcast
 Please welcome to stage our buddy loose Anders everybody
 Please welcome to the stage Rachel Paris everybody
 Sophie Duker everyone
 Fry
 You're joined by nerd royalty ladies and gentlemen welcome to the stage Susie Dent
 He is of course Greg Jenner
 Pariad Lloyd everybody, it's Jamie Morton everybody
 Sally Phillips
 Ella al-Shamahi everyone
 It is Richard Osmar
 Have you heard there's a great anecdote which I've been trying to prove but it's I don't think it's true. I was
 Actually, it's not true, and it's not relevant. Let's move on
 Well, we got a lot quicker than normal didn't we? It's great
 Usually I waste all our time, but I'm learning
 That's bullshit. That's one of your best stories done
 Quickly tell you guys about Alain bombard. Oh, yeah
 I was a French doctor and he is very unusual because he's one of the only people in history ever to shipwreck himself
 Okay, so this is amazing
 There were lots of people at the time being you know lots of shipwreck sailors who were dying each year
 We're like when they're when their boats were shipwrecked and he wanted to prove that even if you had no food or water
 There were there were ways you could survive so he set off from the canaries
 With a sextant a tarpaulin a fishing rod and a sealed box of food and water which he was going to try really hard not to open
 The self-control he must have had he suffered terribly like
 Yeah, he had no rain for three weeks and then storms snapped the mast of his dinghy
 Swordfish approached his rubber dinghy nose first
 I know that's cool
 53 days later he bumped into a ship and they said oh, yeah
 You're still 600 miles off course for where you're going, right?
 He had just become a father as well when he did this which I find
 Like well at least some sleep
 The length some people will go to
 So anyway, but anyway, so he he then he got on board this ship which picked him up after 53 days
 He had a small lunch of a fried egg
 Then got back on his dinghy and kept sailing towards Barbados, right and he made it there in the end
 He did it eventually, but yeah, I just think what a what a self-experiment to do that to yourself extraordinary, but why?
 What's approved that apart from not to see your child and wife
 I think they're taking 18 years to get
 Yeah, I think it was to prove what you could survive on if you could survive on fish or plankton
 Which you you can do and you can do that without actually doing it. You could just say oh, I might eat fish today
 That's my self-control right there in a tin of food you can't open
 Just out of curiosity have we have we been eating and drinking from the wrong end this whole time
 Would there be would there be certain things?
 Well
 Because President Garfield was through his
 Famously you've got a bit of your pipe left down
 What better time to put it into practice a
 Tutorial if you will I
 Think if you have the option the mouth is a better option if we have no other option then the rectum is acceptable
 Just fluids though, so I mean if you're trying to absorb lots of nutrients
 Okay, then you want then you know your stomach and your upper digestive system will do all that work
 So so it is a plan B very much so and I'll still try it
 I was looking at people who
 Died laughing this happened in 1920 and it was reported by an Australian newspaper called the Mudgee Guardian and Northwestern
 Representative okay, do you know it? Yeah? Yeah, that's my
 It's about a man called Arthur Cobcroft and I'm really I'm reading directly
 So mr. Arthur Cobcroft died at his home in Lofter Street Saturday
 He was reading at this 1920 he was reading an old newspaper of a 1915 date and was comparing the prices of various
 Commodities with those of today
 When he suddenly burst into laughter at the great difference he appeared to be unable to control himself and eventually collapsed and died
 Commodity prices
 They must have been so different
 I'm laughing thinking about it now
 It's amazing because I reckon the cost of living crisis isn't that funny today
 No, but for him, but if I say to you are like a Freddo used to be 10p
 Yeah, I
 Was reading about when something goes wrong on stage
 And so that got me into a whole territory of if someone is hurt as they're acting
 What do you do and I found this thing that apparently it's a huge problem for paramedics when they're called to help someone
 Who's really injured who's in a zombie movie because they arrive
 They have no idea who the patient is because everyone is bleeding everyone's got
 Even if they find the person who's really injured themselves
 They just can't tell where the wound is because the amount of well
 I broke a rib being chased by a zombie once did you yeah?
 Yeah, I was in London like one of these things where you pay to be chased by zombies
 Yeah
 It does sound a bit like I
 Was like watching a lot of American football at the time and the zombie was coming towards me
 And I thought I'd do some amazing dodges past him
 and I got nowhere near past him and he kind of tagged me and pushed me into a wall and I broke a rib and
 They we had to go to like the A&E and there were quite a lot of people who'd had similar problems
 And it was just like you say it was like being in mash
 It's just people with arms hanging off. You didn't know what was real and what wasn't yeah
 I found out that Bungay in East Anglia has the highest number of satanists in the UK. Oh
 Today now I'd like to take issue with that would you because I think it's Bolsova in Derbyshire
 How many has Bolsova got 17 17 17 17 in Bungay
 Okay, but it might be relative to population. I don't know how big Bungay is sounds tiny
 This Bolsova thing is from the census in 2011 when this was from the census. I bet it's is it later census mine
 Maybe I don't know 20 21. Yeah, but the in Bolsova
 It was only 17 people who wrote satanist as their religion, but that was the highest per person
 But highest concentration even Bristol only had 34 people who wrote satanist, but Bristol's huge
 So the Google article I saw said
 Bungay in East Anglia and then the next one was Bronzebury
 London which had 20 so the big gay be contingent of the alphabets
 Beelzebub
 The beast yeah
 There was a footnote that said they thought Bungay my might been doing it as a kind of tourist attracting thing
 Because they've got a big black dog. I can't know what it's called like a myth of a big black a satanic dog
 I'm okay, man. Yeah, and they're trying to push that. It's worked. I mean, we're all talking about Bungay all the time
 Or did you know there's a pantomime horse arrest in Tesco's
 When it was when it was found that the Tesco's budget brand everyday value burgers contain 29% horse meat
 Yeah, pantomime horse went to protest in Tesco's
 Crying going mommy
 And it was led away
 And it was never seen
 Here's a good quick little tip if you meet someone who's Dutch and they say to you I fuck horses
 They don't
 Not necessarily you've got it. Oh, I can't confirm for certain. Yeah, so is that Dutch does it sound okay means breeding?
 Yeah, they breed horses. Yeah, and there supposedly was a story where the Dutch foreign minister was introduced to JFK
 And he said hi how we knew so don't very good. Well, what are your hobbies? I fuck horses and
 Why did he only say that one word in Dutch and the rest of it?
 That's where I also questioned the anecdotes. Yeah, but it does stand I looked up the translation
 Yeah, and fok is for breeding. So yeah, again, you'd never hear that in that kind unless horses
 I didn't look up horses and look up if they say that in Dutch
 Should we move on?
 So one person who did slightly pioneer the idea of living underwater it was Jacques Cousteau Jacques Cousteau you all probably
 Know him. He's he's had the calypso and he was one of the greatest ocean. Sorry. I don't you know the dance. No
 You know the ice cream using it with a calypso. Yeah, he's one of the greatest
 Oceanographers of all time and he kind of pioneered documentary making in the field of immersive and you follow a team and
 The life aquatic by Wes Anderson is very much based on the story of Jacques Cousteau
 But on a scientific level he also invented or co-invented the aqualung which is why we're able to go diving
 So that was Jacques Cousteau and then one of the other things he did was this thing called the con shells
 Which are the continental shells which were habitable zones down in the ocean and continental shelf to was this big looking starfish
 kind of housing unit and
 He lived in it with his crew for a number of days
 They had a parrot that came down and lived with them as well because that in a sort of slightly dark sense
 It was like the canary in the mountain. You know something was wrong with the levels of oxygen
 Okay, parrot would know first and so they could get out of there
 So he set a record for the longest anyone's been down there and then his son Fabian Cousteau
 So he lived down there and held the record for the longest anyone's been under the ocean for quite a while
 And then it got taken over by a professor and a student
 But he invented a shark submarine. Have you seen this?
 This is this is incredible. It's the submarine in the shape of a shark
 So the idea is that he can observe sharks while being one of them. It's a one person submersible
 No, he has to be in a diving suit while he's in it because water flows all the way through
 He has to drive the submarine while laying down in the shark and his elbows are steering it as he goes
 Why his elbows? What's he doing with the sun? Sorry, he's not his elbows steering with his hands
 Okay, thank you
 He has a needless layer of complication for an otherwise flawless idea. He's on his phone, isn't he and he's just like
 I was looking at in British elections, you know, there's that thing of always on election night a general election night
 There's a kind of who gets their their ballot counted first and it's which constituencies also
 It's usually like Sunderland versus Newcastle Sunderland and Newcastle and you mean like a race to get
 Yeah, I was reading about Sunderland's methods for ensuring they stay at the top of their game. Yeah, and they're amazing
 So well we're going with it's kind of a tradition now and they've like they've done it
 They've really gone into detail
 So they hire bank tellers because they're very good at flipping through lots and lots of paper very quickly like individual bits of paper
 They use lighter paper for their ballot sheets because it's slightly easier to count fast
 So they switch from a hundred gsm to 80 gsm
 Yeah, they do obviously they do practices like they practically dress rehearsals with the students who are running holding the ballot boxes
 And they are like they say you're gonna be filmed. You're gonna be you need to be you know careful
 you don't want to drop those that'll be a disaster and
 They play but always wins in that constituency, right? I think they do I think they always win
 I guess they would yeah, but you remember like I always watch the election night and they all the results come in and I
 Only stay up for Sunderland the Newcastle a hundred percent labor and then I go to bed
 Always slightly disappointed when I wake up. I get it. Yeah, you can get woolen coffins these days. I believe this is very
 Little price for anyone who can guess the headline that was used on the story announcing us in 2011
 Take your time that you're allowed woolen coffins now. Yeah as a cool woolen coffin that's been launched
 Gonna have to hurry you
 No, no, that's all no, that's all believe silent bits of podcasts a very popular anyone in the audience
 This is too tough a quiz handy anyone
 What was a burial was good famous phrase cozy bear went with
 rest in fleece
 Mine very nice, but lovely
 Yeah, you can be you can be buried in it or it can be cremated
 It's the same in the way you can get cardboard coffins wool coffins willow coffins banana leaf coffins
 Or you can now be wrapped in a shroud as we used to be and there's a big movement a natural burial movement
 Which is because there are so many
 Horrible chemicals and a lot of funeral processes, especially if you are embalmed
 It's very bad for the environment for your body to go into the ground full of chemicals
 Right, so if you have a biodegradable coffin, then you can be buried in like what in a natural burial
 It's basically a field that someone's agreed to have people buried in can you get wicker? Yeah wicker
 Yeah, and you can also get one that's made of like a mushroom fungus that will start to decompose your body faster
 That is cool, and so this is really important
 I've talked before a big talk of planning your funeral and advance care planning is big thing that you should write this down now
 Otherwise, you're gonna get wrapped in that wool suit. Right. I just like to put it that because this is being recorded and we'll go out
 I do not want to be eaten by mushrooms when okay
 Do you want banana leaves or wicker or wool? I'll be putting a big wicker cage and burned by some
 And probably some people be dancing around in white in the situation. That's gonna be an amazing podcast when it comes out
 One of the suffragettes this was Anne Hunt she walked into the National Portrait Gallery and
 She stopped in front of a portrait of Thomas Carlisle who's one of the founders
 Painted by Millay and she slashed it. It was a really famous thing that she did
 There was only one member of staff who was suspicious. I was guy called David Wilson and the first time she walked in
 He wasn't that suspicious. He thought she was American
 Apparently he thought she was American because she was looking so closely at the pictures
 Apparently that's what Americans do but then the second day she came back in again
 And David Wilson said they she couldn't be American because no American would have paid the six pence entrance fee twice over
 So it's like that must be someone that's up to no good
 Was she coming back? Had she already slashed something? No the first time she went in was to kind of
 Yeah, so there were lots of sort of famous incidents like particular flash points where for example
 Mrs. Pankhurst was going to speak at an event and then and you know the police didn't want it to happen
 And so that became a course celebrity. So there was an event called the Battle of Glasgow
 The Mrs. Pankhurst was going to Glasgow to speak and the police did not want her to appear
 They didn't want her to speak
 There were 50 police constables in the basement of the building where she was billed to appear all the tickets have been sold
 You know huge presence like people checking everyone on the door
 Suddenly Mrs. Pankhurst appears on stage out of nowhere and it turns out she just come in as a punter with a ticket
 Sat by the platform and then gets up and start speaking
 So all the police start coming up from the basement because they're you know, they're activated
 Meanwhile
 25 of the suffragette bodyguards get their clubs out and start trying to beat the police up
 Yeah, you know, so you've got 25 suffragettes with clubs 50 policemen with their truncheons
 One of the suffragettes shot a policeman in the chest point blank with a blank bullet
 So it wasn't it was just a kind of surprise rather than I
 Hope she said that
 And then playing clothes detectives tried to get onto the platform when Mrs. Pankhurst is still speaking at this point
 Yeah, she's still delivering her speech the playing clothes detectives are trying to climb onto the platform
 It turns out the floral garlands all the way around the platform are barbed wire. They've been disguised
 There are old ladies now beating the police with their umbrellas as they're trying to fight the truncheon
 We're like it just sounds like an insane scene. Who's listening to the speech at this point?
 Weird moment today I was researching crisps and I found out in Japan at the moment
 There's a trend that's going on and then it turns out this is going global now to eat crisps using chopsticks
 So that you don't get the oil on your fingers as you are doing the other work that you're doing right if you're eating
 So I was literally eating a bag of crisps as I was researching that fact and my fingers absolutely was sticky on the on the
 The Mac sort of mouse bits, you know like keep all keep it. Yeah. Yeah, the keep that like the you know
 The hand mouse thing the keypad. Yeah, well the keypads the mouse and the mean the mouse
 The tracker the trackpad
 The trackpad
 Gosh, it's like living in the future, isn't it?
 I found myself reading a piece about historical novels by a radical
 James Forester, I just want to quote from this article. He wrote about ten years ago and listen to this
 He was because he reads a lot and he I think he wrote historical novels, too
 One highly acclaimed and commercially successful recent historical novel had on page three the statement that there were no priests within a three-day ride
 Taking into consideration the time of year and the location of this statement. I calculated that there were between five and eight thousand priests
 Within a three-day ride in that year. I could not carry on reading
 Children are quite weirdly good at lying so or rather they're good
 So adults are very bad at telling when children are like this is the thing and the reason for that they can only work
 It out about the same as I'm guessing on at like a 54% of the time
 So not much better than chance really and the reason for that there are lots of experiments and it's because adults assume that children
 Lie like adults do and they assume that children's faces
 Move in the same ways that adults do but basically there have been a load of experiments
 Which assumed that children are not proficient liars and in fact the problem is that children just look guilty quite a lot of the time
 Like because you talk to a young child though. They might divert their eyes. They might fidget. They might be incoherent
 They look they look like they look like they're hiding something and that's so adults think they're lying when they may will not be so yeah
 I think I look permanently guilty. It makes me a bad liar, but it also makes me a really bad truth teller
 That's the problem because I look like I'm lying whatever so any lie I tell I'm gonna get cortex
 I look like I'm lying and any time I tell the truth. No one believes me because I look like I'm lying
 It's very difficult. That's why I have to have the computer in front of me on point this
 One of the reasons that we have X as the X man and their
 X-ray and stuff like that is because day car
 Used X to mean an unknown in algebra. Yeah, wasn't it?
 He decided to use X Y and Z and the story goes that the reason he did it is because the printer
 Who was doing his books and I got loads of X's Y's and Z's left over because no words have
 So I might as well use them
 But it turns out that because he's French actually X is quite a common
 Relatively common in French and it might have been because they just had lots of X's because X is quite common
 But yeah, but without those without day car. We might not have the X man
 We might have the a man or the other be man or whatever. Oh, wow. We wouldn't have the seaman
 Probably not
 So I was I was looking into things that are named after people and I was thinking I was reasoning that there must be something
 Which is the most famous thing that people don't know is named after a person
 So we've said before like shrapnel is named after a bloke who was called general Henry shrapnel
 I think I said the nachos were named after a guy called
 So we've done a few of these before and I the cardigan do people know it was named after the seventh Earl of cardigan
 Okay, that is known because I read an article claiming that he was wearing one while he led the charge of the library cage
 I thought that can't that can't be right there would have been a uniform because it feels too. Yeah, yeah
 Well, like pushing his merch during war
 Yeah, I mean, yeah, it is named after him, but yeah, I think and it was during the Battle of Balaclava
 That's the thing that we don't know
 Yeah, and then cravat go back to croats because croats were those yeah, and
 Slaves were sloths. I mean, that's not quite eponyms
 It's the kind of toponyms but and and I'm really sorry to always lower the tone
 But I don't know that bugger is actually a riff on Bulgarian because there were these Bulgarian sects in the 11th
 Sects in the 11th century there was supposed to get up to strange sex. So that's where bugger
 Yeah, that's kind of topping in there wasn't it really not an eponym
 Strictly speaking
 In 1996 the Swedish Navy admitted that they had found a huge amount of evidence of Russian submarines operating in their waters
 Right really serious, you know post-Cold War threatening security environment
 And there had been six thousand incidents a huge number reported from 1981 to 1994
 It turns out that what they had been hearing was largely
 Otters splashing
 Playful otters splashing in the water
 There about one in a thousand claims would was likely to be a submarine and the rest was just random
 They found out that it was farting fish as well, didn't they? Yeah, they communicate by farting
 In fact, we have this fact so qi, which is herring communicate by farting
 Yes, and we tweet it about once a year just so that everyone tweets Richard herring to go
 Oh, I didn't know you
 He hates us
 I couldn't imagine so the thing I want to mention about protests is to do with another quiz show which is mastermind
 And the first question ever was about protests and it was about a painting by Picasso
 Which was a protest about the bombing by Spanish planes on a village and the question was
 What year when the event took place was the inspiration for the painting?
 The answer was 1937
 The answer was 1937, but the question was about German planes not Spain
 So the first ever question on mastermind was incorrect
 Yeah
 So how shit is mastermind
 I just I just feel like it's qi and countdown on stage together. Let's shit on someone
 What do you reckon soothe this shit? Yeah, let's get some headlines. That's it. Yes. Wait
 Oh, I don't want to diss any other shit. Yeah, that was vicious. Um
 Just on religion while we're there, um, there's been a few naked religions in the past
 So the adomites
 They were a sect in north Africa in the second third and fourth centuries
 That used always worn no clothes during the religious ceremonies
 The idea being that they were going back to the Garden of Eden before we had clothes
 And this was the best way to get close to God
 Now it became big again in the Czech Republic in Czechia in 14th century
 And people who were adomites then would go naked through the towns and villages
 So they would everyone take their clothes off and they would go through the town saying come and join our gang
 You know, we're the we're the closest to Jesus. Conga basically you're describing a naked conga
 Sure. Let's call it a naked. Well, they did do a lot of naked dances
 They would have a fire and they would do naked dances around it and the idea was
 That they rejected a lot of the things in the catholic church and a lot of people think that they were like the precursors to the Protestant revolution
 So it was like, you know, they was with the first people really to kind of go against the church
 And then it kind of built up and built up in central europe
 But it carried all of the Cromwell trimmed a lot of that stuff away. Didn't he before it came up with puritanism
 Yeah, sorry and then it carried on and in the early us
 They had some adomites there and I was reading about one clergyman who was writing about them and he said um
 About these people who were in church and were naked the whole time
 If the planets of venus reigned in their lower parts making them swell for pride or rather for lust
 Then the clerk with his long stick shall strike down the presumptuous flesh
 So basically
 If you yeah, you would yeah
 And he said that on one occasion there was a woman who made a congregation member
 Rise in such an unmeasurable manner that the old clerk was forced to use both hands to elate his courage
 At which the prophesizer was in such pain that the whole house could not hold him and he said he would kill the clerk
 And basically this guy just started whacking his genitals with his stick
 He attacked that guy and basically they only just stopped him from killing the clerk
 But this guy said he wasn't bothered because it was in church. God will look after him and it didn't matter if he killed the clerk
 Because it was naked. It would all be fine
 It feels like we feels like pants is just easier, isn't it?
 So burrowing owls they have lots of piles of poo outside the nest and it's cow dung and bison dung and all of this
 And then they just stand by the poo
 And wait they just go into kind of sentry position and just stand there looking very still
 And what scientists reckon is that they're fishing for dung beetles
 Oh freshish dung and dung beetles are really interested in burrowing owls love eating the the dung beetles
 And so they'll just stand and wait and let the dung beetles approach. Isn't that crazy? They're basically they're basically fishing
 Like they're land fishing. Yeah. No, I got it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
 I try to find a uh, if there was another naughty barbie, you know
 Kind of like the origins of barbie being a cool girl and I managed to find one which was the pole dancing barbie
 This was a one-off because it was part of a thing in japan called hebo con which was you know, like robot wars
 This was anti robot wars. This was a robot wars where everyone's specific negotiations. No, no
 You you have to summit
 robot model un
 You had to bring a very bad robot basically it had to be terrible and so
 The worse it was the better you got in the competition
 Okay, you were so there were 31 entrants and barbie doll that was entered was a attacking
 Through pole dancing barbie, but the other ones that it went up. How did she attack you with a pole dance?
 Did she spin round and kick you in the head?
 I think so because I couldn't find any photos because this was in 2013 and I think
 So
 No, so I but it's you know was a small thing that happened in japan the winner was a robot that was so sturdy
 That no one could knock it over so it just stood so the other things walked into it
 Okay, that's the best one was the uh the person who got a special acknowledgement
 Was one person a lady who accidentally left her robot on the train and then just went for a beer instead
 And they were like that level of shitness is so great. We want to
 Commend you with a special honor there. That's awesome
 But yeah pole dancing barbie the only one time in a anti robot war japanese competition hebo con very cool
 Yeah, there is a thing called the bubble babba challenge. This is at the voxki river in russia
 So it's near st. Petersburg. Uh, and it's a race
 a
 Kind of a rafting race, but instead of a raft you have a sex doll
 Uh, it began in 2003
 Anyone's allowed to enter but you have to have a compulsory alcohol test before you start
 Oh, yeah, we don't want to we don't want to make this seem tawdry or unprofessional
 And in 2006
 That guy riding the sex doll down the river's had a shandy
 The most exciting of the bubble babba challenge
 Sex doll races was in 2006
 So all the races jumped into the water
 And there was a really really strong wind and that meant that almost all the sex dolls blew away
 And so you've just got all these rushing mostly guys in the water just sort of without their sex dolls
 And there was only one person the guy called osipov who reached the finish line
 But he was disqualified
 Because the jury had noticed signs of recent sexual activity on the doll
 Which was very much banned
 I've got another but we've got another barbie thing. Okay. Yeah barbie has uh, officially
 Not part of any political party, right? So there's a
 Various reasons for that. She's been a presidential candidate every election since 1992
 Uh, much like hillary clinton
 Um, not fair. Um, but she got in a she got in a beef with donald j trump bar barbie and donald j trump had a had a
 Beef at the last election. Um, because donald j trump tweeted. There's a thing called voter barbie. And it's doing courage
 What do you keep saying j in his name?
 Oh, sorry. That's his junior. I'm talking about donald trump jr. Okay. I believe. Yeah. Yeah, okay. Can't be the senior
 I mean, they're both such they're both such different. Yes
 Well, I don't know who I don't know which of them said this. I think it was jr. But basically one of the trumps
 Uh tweeted voter barbie must be a democrat because she's already wearing an i voted sticker
 And yet she's got another ballot in her hand
 And matel had to reply barbie is not and never has been affiliated with a political party
 To an official statement saying she's not a democrat. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. I think she is though clearly clearly
 Can I tell you one more dueling method that happened? Yeah
 So basically the you know the thing about you turn back to back and then you walk and then you there are various different methods in different
 Countries walk ten paces turn around shoot. Sorry. Yes. So the back. That's french basically
 Um, and there is a much more fun variant which has another french name. It's called avalante
 You face each other. Can we do the fun duel?
 There was people really relished it, you know, a certain kind of person really seemed to enjoy it
 So there's a variant called avalante where you face each other, right and you start walking towards each other
 You can either of you can fire whenever you like but if you miss
 You have to stand still and wait for the other
 Guy to shoot right. I know and that feels tense
 I thought you were going to say that you're standing right in front of each other and then you walk backwards away from each other
 And then you're just hoping someone's not kneeling down behind you
 That's amazing really
 It used to be in the Olympics, didn't it pistol dueling? Yeah, 1906
 It was one of the categories. It wasn't a medal one, but you would you would
 So it was it was a thing that was done there because the winner would be dead. Yeah
 Just pick him up. I'm gonna put a silver medal on
 But that would be the there was like an intercalary games wasn't there in 1906
 It wasn't the main game and they used wax bullets and the idea was you would just see who got hit first
 And you had the sort of glass plate that was over your face and but it was done as a proper thing with spectators around and everything
 Yeah, it was very exciting
 Have we said before that I think nasa found the oldest known rock
 The oldest known earth rock was on the moon and then brought back to earth. Yes
 It was called big bertha was the name of the rock
 Was it yeah, it was yeah, they named it after a I think a gun from the first world war
 So they brought that back and it was the first earth meteorite ever found on another body as in the first
 Like meteor out if you like, you know the first like bit of earth that it hit somewhere else
 Wasn't that the moon created when uh an asteroid hit the earth and there's a little splash. So they say so they say yeah
 No, I'm not sure I buy it. Yeah
 Pixar didn't happen. There's actually a strong theory that it is hollow
 So, uh
 Is this the moon cave theory
 Oh, yeah, I haven't heard it called that before but yeah, I suppose. Yeah, because supposedly when you hit it, it rings like a bell
 So is it artificial? Is it real? Listen, you mean when a meteorite hits a knife? You just go
 No, when they did drilling on the moon they they they specifically tried to find out because you can do
 You can do well
 You can do seismic tests on the moon to see what the composure is on the inside right and it was completely empty apparently and so
 I'm joking. Hannah. I'm joking. I promise. Thank you. Yeah. Yeah. Thank you. Have you ever been in a diamond mine in your adventures, Hannah?
 No, I haven't. I wonder what that's like. Hmm
 I see we've run out of facts and entered speculation territory
 God
 And you've mentioned oscar the hypno dog before on the podcast. Can you remember what that was oscar the hypno dog was a
 Labrador who was a hypnot who was hypnotically trained
 And went and like went missing and there were signs put up all over the country saying do not look at this talk
 Is that it? That's it. Yeah. Yeah. Basically
 He's dangerous
 We have mentioned that but what I'd never heard before was about puffy the hypno cat
 Amazing. Uh puffy the hypno cat was in the 1940s in america
 There was a guy who owned a bar and he said that puffy was sitting on the end of a nightclub bar
 And a couple of girls came up to him and I didn't really pay attention what happened
 But suddenly a girl was simply out on her feet. She simply wasn't from drinking
 I'm something of a hypnotist myself
 And I realized she was in a hypnotic trance and it turned out that this cat had been hypnotizing people
 in this guy's bar
 And he started then training the cats to stare at people really really fixedly to try and hypnotize them
 And puffy became really really famous and in 1945 the american feline society called her the king of all cats
 Um because she was bringing in money for war bonds
 So you would go into the bar and you would pay some money to be hypnotized by the cat
 And then you know, they get the money for the war
 And by the end of her life, she was credited with hypnotizing over 300 people
 Always for benign purposes. I just well I spent all my money on tinned tuner
 It's so weird
 Just left it open around the place probably probably nothing
 And you Hannah you're such a skeptic you probably don't even believe that story's true
 Actually that one I'm really behind
 One of us on this panel might be slightly harder to hypnotize than the other three. Oh, okay, can we guess it?
 um
 Is it done because of his dubious questioning techniques? It's not done because of his dubious questioning techniques
 I feel like Hannah with her skepticism. It's not Hannah with her dubious skepticism thing
 Is it Andy with his lack of ability to talk to people at parties? It's not me
 James for being so fucking judgmental about the other three people on the panel
 It's james, but not for that reason not for that reason it's because so james you have aphantasia, right? Oh, right, okay
 James can't you say what it is? I just can't picture things in my head can't picture things in your head
 Yeah, and that might make it harder to hypnotize you. It's there was a well
 This is from the uk hypnosis convention, which sounds amazing last year's events included recreational erotic hypnosis
 Uh, and aphantasia. What is it and why should we even care slightly?
 Slightly barbed
 I don't know much time we got I got very deep in the weeds on people who want to be heroes and do bad stuff
 Oh, yeah, yeah, go for it. Uh, have you heard of the hero complex? No. No, so it's not quite a psychological disorder
 It's not in the diagnostic manuals, but it's like talked about by psychologists
 It's a thing where it's sometimes known as a vanity crime where people are desperate to be the hero
 So they'll do something bad so they can then rescue people
 Like I'd mug you but then beat myself up. Yeah, exactly
 Exactly that and hand yourself in I guess is the idea. Yeah, yeah, yeah, but I rough myself up a bit first
 Why stop that a bit of a lifetime?
 But like there's there's quite a lot of case studies the really famous one's 1984 an la pd
 police officer called jimmy wade pierce and heroically discovered and diffused a pipe bomb
 On an airport bus carrying the turkish olympic team in la
 And people saw him running down like the airport holding a pipe bomb dismantling and throwing over his shoulder and shouting get out
 You know like proper like bruce willis stuff and it turned out he had planted it there
 Because he wanted to be the hero because he wanted to transfer into a different department and his boss hated him
 And he thought the only way i'm getting out is if I get a commendation
 And he failed the polygraph and he ended up with 1500 hours of community service and it became a bit of a thing
 But everyone was like all right well no one was hurt fair enough, but then there's some really bad ones
 So there's a thing called firefighter arson, which is a serious problem. Yeah, you heard of this. Yeah, yeah, yeah
 There are a hundred firefighters every year arrested for arson
 In america alone. There's a million firefighters. So it's a tiny statistic, but a hundred people
 Most of them are young men age 16 to 30. I read a whole report issued in 2003 by the u.s. government's national fire administration
 I got very deep
 There are six primary motives excitement
 Vandalism revenge profit political terrorism hiding evidence of a crime
 And it's a really big problem for a small subset
 And there's a guy who's a tenancy fire chief. He's set fire to his own fire station
 Wow, he caused the three-quarters of a million dollars of damage and when released he then set fire to a car dealership
 And he did it for the sexual thrill. This is why we need pawn hub
 Yeah sexual sexual thrill he gay got off on the uniting the worst ones john or
 He was from glendale fire service in california in 1991 was found to have planned eight arson attacks on shops
 And was suspected of many more. He killed four people in these fires. It's really really horrible
 His main job at the glendale service
 Chief arson investigator
 Wow
 Hover story and so they tailed him for months and every time there was a fire investigating conference
 There would be fires in the local area
 And he was possibly alleged to have set 2000 fires
 Making the most prolific american arsonist
 Unrecord but one of the clues that they detected about him is that he had written a novel about a fireman who sets fires
 It's like a serious thing and
 I'm so sorry to get stuck on this, but I then watched fireman sam with my four-year-old dog
 So, yeah, and I went does he do that? Hang on a second for sexual thrills. No
 I work for cbbs. I don't want to get cancelled
 But like I realized fireman sam he he's in charge of a tiny tiny village called ponty pandy
 But he's got a fire truck a rescue tender a four-wheel drive suv within built animal rescuing crane
 A quad bike an amphibious vehicle a hovercraft two helicopters and a mobile command center
 This guy is playing the game like he's clearly set fires that get like a huge budget
 Um, can I just say one thing about george banard short very quickly? Yeah, he he had you I'm saying it wrong am I? No
 Like bernard is also in there. It's gay org. Yeah. Yeah
 I've never heard it, but like george bernard. Yeah, oh george bernard. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. Okay, george. I'm cool. Whatever. Hey, it's all cool here
 It's late night at the soho. Yeah, picking each other up on pronouncing. I'm gonna go home going god
 There was this mad fucking fight about how to pronounce bernard. Oh man. You got to see fish live. Sorry. I'm sorry
 Um, no, so, um, he used to have a riding shed which was amazing
 He used to he lived in heritford sure and he had a riding shed which was basically on a lazy susan
 He liked to chase the sun
 So he would get in the sun would be beaming right in which was a big thing for him because he had specific glass
 Which is in the shed windows that kind of beamed concentrated light in a way that it was meant to be healthy
 It was thought to be a healthy. It was always on fire, wasn't it?
 Bernhardt
 Tell you a bit about milk floats. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah for one thing milk doesn't float
 Oh, that's yeah
 If it's food for thorns, isn't it? Yeah left on water. It will sink. So, um
 Oh, but no, but if you mix it
 It's oh if you mix it if you mix it. Yeah, that's yeah, that's not that wasn't the terms
 I was anyway at the point milk floats to all UK has an FAQ page and it's one of the like it's a very it's a
 Gorgeous website milk floats dot org dot uk. I cannot recommend it enough and the FAQ page begins
 All right, maybe they are not exactly frequently asked, but
 They might be the kind of questions people might ask given the opportunity
 It's so nice. It's so good
 Yeah, uh, you want to do a quick game of is it bigger in europe or america? Oh, yes, I do
 Okay, what year?
 2023. Oh, wow. Okay. So where would you find the world's biggest dump truck?
 dump truck
 USA america
 That's that's a mark of pride. I'm afraid not it's in belleras in europe really
 Yeah, the bell has 757 at 10 which can move the equivalent of 1000 whale testicles in one go
 That's that's my comparison. That's not the advertising
 That's how you measure trucks
 I think we all know that
 The world's largest log jam
 So that's when you have a load of logs in a river and they get stuck and so where is it? Europe or america?
 Oh america. Well, I was tricked last time. So I'll I'll say Europe this time. Well, you've been tricked again, andy
 It's in none of us in canada
 And the interesting thing about that is that it's about 20 square miles of log jam and it goes deep as well
 And the logs store enough carbon to run 2.5 million cars for a year. Wow
 That's interesting. Sorry. Is that a
 Is a genuine question. Is that logs that have been cut by humans? No
 It's they usually are like knocked down by wind and stuff like that and they fall into the river and they go down the river
 And then there's like a little sort of point where they can't get out and then they just jam and jam and jam and jam
 And it's a really good way of hiding carbon
 And then finally the world's biggest barometer. Europe or america. Europe. I think I own I think I have that in my home
 You've got a massive barometer andy. Yeah
 Don't boast
 It's a famous barometer. Is it? Oh god
 It's one you see every day on tv on tv every day. Is there a barometer connected to big ben?
 It's good. If there is I don't know about it. It's a clock, but secretly also a barometer. Oh, wow
 But it is in europe. Uh, it is in europe. It is on shepherds bush roundabout
 Uh, it's uh, oh, yes, we all tune it. Sorry. We all tune in every morning for five minutes
 Just watch the live feed of shepherds bush roundabout
 Let me get on with our day, don't we? You know
 There's check what the pressure's like
 What it's um, no, it's it's a huge barometer. It was built as a barometer. It no longer works as a barometer
 It's currently covering up a big pipe
 By um, london water, but it that building was what inspired the score column in the tv show pointless
 Inspired by the world's biggest barometer
 These are easy i'm surprised you haven't got any of these
 Yeah, yeah, to barometers. Do they do they go up or down? I can't remember now turns which way you hold them
 Yeah, okay, but they can go upright and what the weather's doing. Yeah. Yeah, it's just weird because when you said big ben
 I suddenly had this image of the the um
 The mercury going up in a barometer, right and it suddenly because I was at a fair the other week and my son did that strongman thing
 Where you hit it has to hit the bell
 Do you think there's anyone strong enough in the world that if that thing had to hit the bell of big ben that they could hit it hard enough?
 No, so let's move on
 One thing I do know about it is that um, there's a lot of rhesus stuff in there, right? Oh rhesus pieces
 Rhesus pieces which is like an american candy, but it was huge for them
 So the sales went up like 65 percent the next week just after it been in this movie
 And the interesting thing about that is that they weren't the first choice if you look at the original scripts
 All of the bits where it says rhesus pieces it was originally going to be m&m's
 But apparently marz turned it down because they didn't want to be associated with aliens
 They're called marz
 I
 I've got some stuff on dropping things from parachutes
 Okay, this is about a place called franz star ranch and brothel in navada and i'm in
 They had an idea of a an advertising campaign
 Where they will put a mattress in the middle of an airfield
 And if anyone could parachute to land on the mattress
 Then they would have a chance to spend the evening with any of the women in the brothel
 It didn't go very well
 The problem was that all the women would stand near to the
 Near to the place where people had to land right and the guy flying the airplane
 Not that high could see everything that was happening and got completely distracted
 There was also some sidewinds and
 Long story short he crashed the plane
 No
 Everyone was fine. Oh no one died and the great
 Great moral of the story in the end is the crash plane was so good for business
 That they decided to leave it there and it's still there in navada if you ever see that crash plane next to the brothel
 Is the what are you looking at me?
 I've never been to navada
 Well now I think you have
 Wow, isn't that an amazing idea for advertising? Yeah. Yeah, it's an amazing idea. Sorry
 How low was the plane when he got distracted? It was quite low, but high enough the parachutes would work
 Yeah, so that's quite high for a pilot to be like
 It's just like a little stick woman on the ground. Exactly check out the I think arms
 On her maybe arms
 No, it's a tree. That's a tree. Okay. Yeah, that's okay
 Do you know that john major and tina turner were born on the same day?
 Why?
 Yeah, really that's cool. Yeah, if my memory is I didn't actually write that. Wow, that's not memory. That's not memory. Yeah
 Wow, I once you hear that you're gonna forget that now hurry
 You know everyone who was born on the same day as john major
 classic Andy
 In february 2020. Yeah, there was a poll by the center of public opinion
 This is in the united states. It was ahead of the primary in new hampshire
 And they asked a load of voters what they would rather and they found that 64 percent of democrats would rather see a giant meteor strike the earth
 extinguishing all human life than see president trump reelected
 You know, um, there's been a sequel to phantom of the opera andrew Lloyd Webber's phantom the opera. Okay. Um
 Yeah, it was it was written by ben elton and it was music by
 Andrew Lloyd Webber, but it was delayed for months in the writing process because of cats
 The musical
 His real-life cat he had a kitten who stood on his digital piano and wiped out all the music that he had done
 In the writing of it, which just feels god bless that kitten
 There was a group of secret operatives from britain called the choir boys
 And they came up with a plan during world war two to drive hitler mad by eardropping huge amounts of pornography into his compound
 Oh, wow
 In the end they kind of slightly, you know, they came up with the idea
 They started going for and they thought, you know, this is just stupid
 And so they called off the whole whole idea
 But not before and i quote the group had amassed an enormous collection of suitable material
 Oh, I made an invention once talking of cars and weeing. Um
 Wow, that is a hell of a vending diagram there. I don't think it's it's the it I've forgotten the name. It's a really good name
 But basically you can piss and drive
 Okay, it was all in the name, which I can't remember my great invention
 Oh, yeah, what's wrong with the piss and drive?
 It's not as romantic. No, let's see. Let's see. So it's the idea that you just you don't have to stop off
 Yeah, if you can't um like I can't start my car a lot of the time
 So it's annoying having to stop. It's brand new as well. It's an electrical fault. I think anyway, um
 So I don't want to stop in case I can't start it again. So many people would get the electrical fault mended
 But I I prefer what you've done engineering system where you never
 Does the urine get utilized? I'm thinking screen wash. Oh, yeah, that would work. Well, what it's just what it's mostly water
 I'm wondering if it's you pissing all over your electric. So there's stopping the car from functioning
 to begin with
 In norway if you are a fish
 Um factory and you're kind of getting the whole the fillets out
 What you'll do is you get the rest of the fish and you'll throw it away into a little area with all the heads and stuff like that
 In that area children are allowed to go in and they cut out the little tongs of the cods
 And they sell them for extra pocket money
 And this is a really common thing in a place called lofferton
 Um and from about six years until 17 you'll get loads of kids who'll just go in
 Grab the fish and they'll cut out this little tongue in the back and apparently it's the tastiest part
 And do you think they turn out to be psychopath like serial killers and psychopaths?
 Yeah, unfortunately in that area there is a lot of debt. No, there isn't
 Um, do you want to know some other things that people are scared of singers?
 Yeah, sure. Yeah, I wrote some dance. I thought I'd do some work after you told me I was getting paid
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, I forgot to tell you that until yeah quite late in the day
 Um, but thank you for bringing your one sheet of uh
 It wasn't very much i'm getting paid so it is just fitting. Um, wait till you hear them
 Adele is scared of seagulls. Who would have thought?
 Oh, no, yeah, yeah, um, there's more
 Rihanna's scared of fish
 Okay, and Kylie Minogue is scared of coat hangers
 She's scared of coat hangers. Yeah, Kylie Minogue and i'm scared of commitment
 So we're all different aren't we how many different types of wrestling do you think there are in iceland one type of wrestling?
 Unlucky, there are two types of wrestling, but they do have the same name so I can see why you got that
 That's what I was thinking. Um, it's called glimmer and basically there's two types and they're quite similar
 But one of them is a type of wrestling that you would do as a viking
 If you came home after a long day doing whatever vikings do and you wanted to warm yourself up
 They would just do some wrestling
 Nice who with with another viking
 It's wholesome right? Yeah, there was another one which was the dueling version
 And it was quite similar, but it would take place in a field with a large flat stone known as the slaying slab
 And that one you would try and slam your opponent onto the slab and break their back
 Wow, and the amazing thing about this is they were going to have it in the 1912 stock home olympics
 I think probably the first version not the second one and then the war happened and so the olympics got postponed
 And in 1920 they were going to do it anyway, you know, they've decided okay
 We'll keep all the same sports
 But iceland decided that it only had a certain number of wrestlers
 And it needed them to impress the king of demarc who was visiting at the same time as the olympic games
 And so they decided we're not going to do this wrestling after all
 We just want to
 Impress the king of demarc
 So it never became a worldwide sport that it might have done otherwise
 And then in the end the king never came
 There was a
 Shanti not shanti but seesong when you were getting your grog
 So you would get your the amount of alcohol you were allowed each day
 They would give it you and they would sing while they were doing it and it was a song called Nancy Dawson
 And it's the tune that we now know as here we go around the mulberry bush
 But it was all about Nancy Dawson who was a stage sort of performer an actress possibly a prostitute
 And the i'm not going to say what the words are to the navy song about her but they are
 Are they rude they are very rude. I think they say sex worker now dear
 Um, they're meant to be quite easy, weren't they because you couldn't like not a sex worker
 No, no
 I meant the songs to sing
 Um, because like some people can't sing names of registered competitive roller derby players include
 skate bush
 venus thigh trap
 And weird al spankabitch
 I sort of thought what's like the rudest name that you can get to so I looked up the c-u-n-t word
 And I was heading down that way, but on the way I discovered the c-l-i-t word
 And again, do you know how to say that?
 Go on go on Dan give us one clite, um
 Okay, well in the c-l-i-t, uh, you've got uh catastrophe. Oh, yeah, please welcome to the ring clitosaurus rex
 Clitler is about to enter the ring
 And who's this coming up there a clitty clitty bang bang
 That's really good
 Oh
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
