 Hi everybody, just to let you know we've got a very special guest on the podcast today
 to replace Dan Schreiber who was momentarily disappeared. And that guest is the fantastic
 Steve Mould, very much friend of the podcast, friend of QI. Actually I think has made an
 appearance on QI. He's science presenter and communicator extraordinaire, he's one third
 of the brilliant troop festival of the spoken nerd. Please do check out his work, go to his
 YouTube page, it's full of amazing, mind-blowing, bizarre, extraordinary science videos. It really
 is a great place to hang out online and definitely listen to the Festival of Spoken Nerds podcast
 which is called a podcast of unnecessary detail where they take subjects you might think are boring
 if you're a fool and show you that they are of course fascinating. It really is worth a listen
 and we had a great time having him on the show. Okay, here we go.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Substance Thing is a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Andrew Hunter Murray and I'm joined this
 week by James Harkin, Anna Tajinski and it's our very special guest, Steve Mould. We have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go. Starting with fact number one and that is Steve. My fact is that protons taste
 sour. How do you, like you can't get the cutlery small enough for that. How do you taste a proton?
 So actually every time you taste something sour you're tasting protons. Oh okay that's a slight,
 is that a different fact or the same fact? I would say it's the same fact.
 Steve doesn't everything have protons in it? Oh I see what you mean free protons, everything's got
 protons on their own. So you know you have five taste senses on your tongue, sweet, sour, salt,
 bitter and umami and your sour taste, it just works in a completely different way. So like your
 sweetness taste, it's the old lock and key thing, you've probably heard it a thousand times in biology.
 So just in case I've forgotten literally everything I learned. So you've got these
 gustatory cells on your tongue and on the surface of those cells you have these big molecules,
 complicated shapes, they're proteins with a complicated shape and that's the lock in this
 analogy and there's one molecule that fits perfectly, that's the key and in the case of your sweetness
 receptors it's the sugar molecule, it's glucose that fits perfectly and when they combine in that
 way it causes some chemical reaction to occur inside the cell and that leads to a signal going
 to your brain and you experience that as something sweet in your mouth. But when you taste something
 sour it's because you're tasting something acidic, so sour is just your like acidity detecting
 mechanism right and something is acidic if it has a high concentration of hydrogen ions.
 And if we've got all of our chemistry, can we get on to physics actually, I feel safe
 for ground there. Can we get on to literature? Well, Andrew, so what is hydrogen, you can
 tell me what hydrogen is. Hydrogen is, yeah, it's an element of a periodic table very early on.
 Is it element number one? It's the earliest one, so what's it made of then? Hydrogen.
 I mean what's inside? So it's made of an acid, so the molecule of hydrogen is one,
 it's the central bit. It's a neutron and an electron. No, I think it doesn't have a neutron,
 isn't it? The one without a neutron. Does every other molecule in reality have a
 neutron? I've got bad news for you, Andy, you're currently naked but the good news is you're asleep.
 So it's a proton within an electron orbiting around it. That means it's neutral, it's balanced.
 That's an atom. It's not a charged particle. Hey, what's another word for that?
 What a charged particle? It's called an ion, isn't it?
 Is this your card, sir? So to turn a hydrogen atom into a hydrogen ion, you strip away the
 electron. Okay, leaving just the proton. That's right. So a hydrogen ion really is just a proton.
 And that tastes sour. And that tastes sour. So when you're tasting an acid,
 it's because you're tasting protons in the liquid or in the food or whatever. And so these
 gestatory cells, instead of having like some complicated molecule, lock and key thing going on,
 it's just a hole and it's a special kind of hole in the cell that accepts protons. It's got a proton
 channel. So cool. Yeah, so bizarre. So it's not a special shape, it's not one of those like when
 you're a kid and you fit bricks into holes, it's not that perfect shape. It's just a big
 cavern and it accepts protons. It sounds like my tongue is like something from back to the future.
 It's like taking protons. Okay, right. So a few questions. Do electrons taste
 the opposite? As in, do we know what electrons taste like? Or do we have a receptor that
 reacts to that? If an electron falls into this hole?
 Well, electrons wouldn't fall into the hole. No. Oh, yeah. Interesting. There's your answer, Andy.
 I don't think we have receptors for electrons to my knowledge. I don't believe we do.
 We wouldn't taste of anything. Unless you like put some jam on them.
 Okay, question number two. Follow up question number two. What is the smallest number of protons
 that we would be able to taste? Because obviously they're tiny. Would you have to have 500 billion?
 If you just licked one hydrogen ion, it's not going to taste anything. Exactly.
 Yeah. So what happens is the concentration of protons in the cell builds up until it reaches
 some limit. And then it sends an electric signal to your brain. I don't know what that limit is.
 No further questions.
 What I find really interesting about this I was reading is that possibly sourness might be the
 earliest taste that any animal had. And the reason being that animals are living in the deep ocean
 and the danger in the deep ocean might be acidic stuff coming up and you want to get away from the
 acid. And so perhaps that we learned how to taste this sourness before we learned anything else
 because it would stop us from getting fried by the acid. That's so cool. Yeah, that'd be good,
 wouldn't it? Actually, the way I like to think about taste is those five taste senses that we have
 on our tongues, you can think about them as chemical detecting mechanisms that we've evolved
 for survival. So like sugar is really important because it's a source of energy. So it makes
 sense that we would evolve the ability to detect that. Bitteness is your poison detecting mechanism.
 And actually, there's a few different receptors for that because there are a few different poisons
 that we can detect. What's really interesting about the bitterness receptor is that it's
 really in flux, like an evolutionary point of view, because we're in an arms race with plants.
 Like plants don't want to be eaten, except for fruit, you know, they don't want to be eaten.
 Obviously, anthropomorphizing, we're allowed to anthropomorphize. Yeah, yeah, yeah, thank god.
 I draw faces on all my plants. So plants are producing poisons to stop us from eating plants,
 but then some plants are producing molecules that interact with our poison receptors, poison
 detecting receptors on our tongues. They're not actually poisonous, but we react to them and decide
 not to eat them because they taste bitter. Whereas with sourness, you like it naturally from birth.
 I mean, no one likes sour sweets more than kids. And yet sourness in a way denotes something's
 gone bad. Like if milk goes sour, that's bad. And that's disgusting to us. But then if certain
 fruits are sour, then that's really good. And it actually can show that they haven't gone rotten.
 Yes, that's I love that. So it's the sign that there's a particular kind of acid there is
 citric acid provides the sour flavor in fruits. And actually, those various acids prevent really
 harmful bacteria from growing, meaning that, you know, lots of primates will enjoy fruit that's
 slightly spoiled because it means that it's safer. That's why orange juice tastes bad after you've
 cleaned your teeth, because toothpaste tends to have sodium aryl sulfate in it, that binds
 to the sweetness receptors in your mouth and stops them from working. So when you have orange juice,
 then you can't taste the sweetness of the orange juice, you can only taste the bitterness and the
 sourness. And that's not so nice. Interesting. On sourness and children and stuff, those sour
 candies you can get. And they're basically the sweet candies, but then they put some acids on
 the outside. So they put like citric acid, tartaric acid, fumaric acid on the outside.
 And they also have malic acid, which they put inside palm oil, which means it's like a slow
 release. So it kind of very slowly comes out. So the sourness kind of stays in your mouth for
 longer and longer. But the interesting thing about those candies is something called sour patch kid.
 You know that? I love sour patch kids. You love sour patch kids. I have some quite a lot of them.
 Okay, so the sour patch kid is also a medical term. Can you guess what the medical procedure
 is that is known as the sour patch kid? Is it, I do know this one, you coat the child in.
 And then you remove their appendix. It's kind of close.
 This kid is sour. The kid has gone sour. So the kid is covered in some kind of acid.
 You put one of those sour astro belts, like a patch on a blister or something.
 Yeah, yeah. And it's, it gives it. We can do this. We can do this. On a wart.
 I think. No, you can't do this. I mean, you're not going to get this in a million years.
 It's prolapsed anuses. Oh God. Wow. I think that might be something to do with what they look like.
 So I've eaten quite a lot of sour patch kids sweets in my time. Yeah, yeah.
 I don't think I've ever come across one. You're not saying there's a team of
 servants in the sour patch kids factory. They're occasionally pushing back in.
 It's just a nickname. Basically what happens is, if you have a prolapsed anus, sometimes to get it
 back in, you're basically your intestines have come out of your rectum. So to get it back in,
 you need to shrink. And one of the ways to do that is to remove some of the water from it.
 And one of the ways that they do that is to sprinkle some sugar on the prolapsed anus.
 And you put the sugar on and it kind of goes down slightly. And then you give it a little
 prod and it goes back inside. And the technique is sometimes known as the sour patch kid or
 otherwise sugaring the REM. That's I believe is in Mary Poppins. A spoonful of sugar helps the
 prolapsed anus go down. Why is it called sour when it's putting sugar in it? Do they
 put acid down on it? I think I don't know what sour patch kids look like. They're not relevant to
 this. Would it work as a home remedy if you've got a sour patch kid and used it? This is medical
 professionals do this. They're coated in sugar and especially at the end of the packet, there's
 that kind of fine dusting that's fallen off the original sweets. And that's obviously the best
 bit. Because they're quite glutinous, right? Yeah. And some of them red in colour. Some of them red.
 It could it be what they look like a bit like a sour patch kid? Do you know what? For the benefit
 of my future enjoyment of sour patch kids, maybe we could draw a line on this. Have you guys heard
 of Eli Metchnikov? You might have done actually. So he's a famous Russian biologist in the early
 20th century. He was working and he effectively launched the yoghurt craze in Western Europe.
 Yeah, this is on soundness. So he was especially interested in aging and the science of aging
 and also in the gut and digestion. And in 1904, he was in Paris and he delivered a lecture claiming
 that aging was partly caused by harmful bacteria in the gut and that you also had to eat foods like
 yoghurt to cultivate those friendly bacteria, beneficial bacteria. And he suggested that sour
 milk didn't spoil because of that lactic acid in it. So it sort of kills off the, you know,
 the really the rottenness germs. And he said hypothetically, maybe if that's happening in the
 lab to sour milk, the microbes might stop internal putrefaction in you and prevent aging. And this
 turned into a huge thing in Paris. Like there was this mad yoghurt rush basically, where people were
 rushing to shops and queuing up and saying, yoghurt is the thing that's going to keep us young. This
 was 1904. And he slightly clarified the next year, look, yoghurt is not the elixir of youth,
 but it was too late by that point. Everyone in Paris was covering themselves in yoghurt.
 The great yoghurting of 1905. And then John Harvey Kellogg, who, you know, the very famous
 dietician. Oh God, anything he latches on to, you know, it's going to go a bit weird.
 He started feeding each of his patients a pint of yoghurt. And I appreciate that's
 a useless, I don't know what time period. There was like a huge craze, wasn't there? And I think
 like one petty fallou went for 200,000 euros. That was the yoghurt bubble. Everyone was coated
 in yoghurt again. So, like, sweeteners, artificial sweeteners are tricking your sweetness receptors
 into thinking you've got sugar in your mouth when you haven't. And there are examples in
 nature of plants that have done that. So there's a berry in West Africa that has evolved the ability
 to make this molecule that binds really strongly to the sweetness receptors of primates. And they
 bind so strongly to those sweeteners receptors that they only have to make a few of them.
 They don't have to spend loads of energy making loads of glucose molecules. They just make a few
 of these trick molecules. And all these primates are going mad for these berries. They're running
 around eating them and they're getting no benefit from it. There's no energy content in it, but
 they're still going around then pooing out the seeds. So the berries get the benefit of having
 their seeds dispersed, but the primates don't get any benefit from it. And there's one gorilla
 that has evolved a slightly different sweetness receptor that isn't tricked by the berries molecule.
 And so they do a lot better because they're not running around chasing these berries anymore.
 Are they miracle berries? Are they? Is that what they're called?
 No, miracle berries is something different, actually. Miracle berries is something that binds
 to your sweetness receptor, but in an inactive way, it doesn't do anything. But then when you
 introduce an acid, it activates the molecule in such a way that it then stimulates your
 sweetness receptor. So you suck on a miracle berry, nothing happens, and then you drink something sour
 and it tastes sweet because that molecule then turns into something that can stimulate your
 sweetness receptor. Like that old rumor about uzo, where if you drunk uzo and then the next day
 you drunk water, then it would reactivate the uzo and get you drunk again. Is that a thing?
 Yeah, not a true science. If I had a miracle berry, then I brush my teeth.
 Then I had some orange juice. Could I make the orange juice taste sweet?
 You're a true scientist, Andy. I would say with questions like that.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two, and that is my fact. My fact this week is that
 fans of Indiana Jones guessed details of the fourth film's plot before it was released
 from the expressions on the faces of the tie-in Lego characters.
 Were the expressions like, "Oh, this is going to be shit."
 Oh, where's my agent when you need him? So this is Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal
 Skull, which is the fourth Indiana Jones film released in 2008. I saw it at midnight in the
 cinema on the first night. Good on you. You had all the figurines already, didn't you?
 I knew the whole lot, basically. Anyway, there were these Lego figures released,
 and there were these little translucent skeletons, and basically fans worked out,
 "Oh, there's an alien plot in the film," which there is because of the nature of the little
 translucent Lego skeletons, and they also worked out that Cape Blanchett was a baddie,
 and again, sorry spoilers. Did she have like a sad, like an angry face?
 Yeah, the Lego figurine is frowning, and they released the merch before the film came out,
 so fans were able to work it out, and as a result, the film was not well received. It was solely because
 of this Lego thing. I think on your head bit, as a fan, if you're overanalyzing the Lego to that
 extent, then you deserve that. Yeah, exactly. If you're a real fan, they make the merch way
 in advance, don't they? I have to sign it off and clear it and all of that. It's quite hard to
 keep things really secret. Although some withhold it, Star Wars now withhold some figurines to make
 sure that they don't give anything away. Because of what happened? Because of this terrible event.
 We all learn from the great mistakes, don't we? I think in one of the Star Wars films,
 again, this is going to be full of spoilers this episode.
 Only things released before the financial crisis fell in the air.
 There was a character called Ray, and the figurine was holding a lightsaber,
 which I believe gives away the fact that maybe she is a Jedi knight or master.
 You're not supposed to know that. And so they withheld that,
 smart Star Wars people, until the film had been released. And this is the thing I was most outraged.
 I was looking at a list of things that Lego revealed in films, and most of it was stuff like,
 "Come on, who cares?" But in the first Shrek film... You don't understand film nerds.
 What do you mean, who cares? There would literally be like, "Oh, this little thing revealed that there
 was a scene involving grass." Or "This revealed that there were three family members." Anyway,
 but in the first Shrek film, Burger King released tie-in meal toys, kids' meal toys,
 and there was a figurine, and I've seen it, and it has Fiona, the princess,
 and it has her normal head with lovely pretty face and ginger hair. And then,
 if you spun it round, it revealed her as an ogre. Now, as we all know, you don't learn that until
 the very end of the film. Yeah, that's a big twist. It is a big twist. I remember being very excited
 when I learned that. You haven't seen Shrek. No, no. Oh, I think you should. Should I? Yeah,
 it's a good one. Well, I've got a child, I probably will at some stage, right? Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 On Lego, one thing I found really interesting is that if you have an idea for a Lego set,
 they might make it for you. All you need is 10,000 supporters on Lego.com, however it is,
 and then if you get 10,000 people to like your idea, then they'll review the idea and possibly
 make it. That's great. So that's like the parliament thing, isn't it? If you get, or is it 100,000
 people you need to sign a petition? Yeah, it's so considered. Exactly. So they're not like, if we
 managed to get all of the fish fans to say we want to know six things of fish Lego,
 then it might get to a level, but they might just go, "Well, no, we're obviously not making one."
 Could we ask all fish fans to make, ask parliament to make a Lego of fish?
 We could get... Does parliament make Lego? No, but we could ask parliament to put pressure on Lego
 to make the fish. That feels like corruption of some sort. I don't like it. I feel like...
 Oh, there's no money involved. Apart from all the money we'll make from Lego.
 That's right, it's on this. No such thing as a fish Lego experience. It's going to be huge.
 Actually, there is money involved, because if it's your idea and you get 10,000 people and
 they make it, you get 1% of all the money that Lego makes out of it, which is quite costly.
 All right, let's do it. I can't wait for the no such things as a fish ride at Legoland.
 Listen to Dan explain a fact slowly and correctly.
 People in the front carriage may get covered in yoghurt.
 Don't forget to pack your anus because we're going to be pouring sugar all over it.
 So they've made a central perk from friends, but through this system.
 They've made a Seinfeld in general, like a Seinfeld Lego set. Oh, yeah.
 Yeah. And things that are not yet approved, but you can currently go on the Lego website
 and approve these if you like. A pirate dentist currently.
 A pirate dentist. I think they would go, say R.
 That's kind of a boat in a boat face kind of entry, isn't it? It's just this one gag that
 shouldn't really be. Yeah. The correlation of Charlemagne is currently there. Me.
 It's really going a long way from what kids want at this point, isn't it?
 But there are so many adult Lego fans and Lego makers.
 Afol. This is completely their fault. The reason that these stupid things happen
 where lots of sad adults, tens of thousands of sign these petitions for new Lego pieces.
 Okay, well, they might listen to podcast too, Anna, so.
 No, I do obviously think it's very cool, but it is Afol's and they were a huge deal
 and they used to get ignored. You're going to get a brickthread through your window,
 but it'll be a very tiny plastic one. Yeah, look out for that tiny, tiny window you've got in your flesh.
 A little Lego Seinfeld banging on the door.
 No, they, so they, there have always been adult fans of Lego and they got more and more vocal
 up to the nineties and the early 2000s. And Lego, the company thought they were quite annoying and
 kept getting all these letters suggesting possible design ideas and actually put signs on their website
 and, you know, on their merchandise saying, we do not take ideas, unsolicited ideas.
 And, you know, if you speak to people who worked at Lego at the time, they'd say it was so irritating.
 Adults were taking an interest in Lego and it wasn't meant to be for adults.
 And then they almost went bankrupt because they started almost child defying Lego. So they'd,
 they'd sell sets that were kind of almost completely made that were just for the play
 element rather than the build element. 2003 Lego was in serious trouble and someone in the
 company said, guys, should we start listening to all these adult nerds and disposable income?
 They did disposable income and they created an Afol engagement team, the adult fans of Lego
 engagement team. Was there a kind of summit where they were trying to bring in the Afol,
 the Afols? Yeah, there was actually, well, they, Lego went to one of these unofficial Lego
 conventions and said, okay, guys, we'll start listening to you. That, I guess, that was their
 summit. That was their big peace agreement. Did they go in disguise and sort of whip off their
 robes? And it turns out it's like a massive Lego minifigure. Exactly reveal their yellow
 claw hands. There is a, there was an app that was released last year. It was not an official one,
 but it was a Lego app. It was called brick it quite good name. And what it's for when you're
 nervous about something terrified of your Lego. Yeah, it's a therapy app. No, it was, it was you
 photograph your pile of Lego with your smartphone camera, and it will tell you what to build.
 And it gives you instructions. Like it says, you've got these pieces you can make Father Christmas
 out of Lego. And it gives you instructions about how to do it. And then if you see your, you know,
 this design and you think, oh, where's that red one that I need for the hat or whatever,
 you can't find it in your pile of Lego, you go back to the photo you took that you scanned,
 and it says, look, it's there. It's there in the pile, you idiot. That's brilliant.
 It's an amazing work for jigsaws. That would be good, wouldn't it? You just scan it and it says
 this one goes here. Yeah, I mean, yeah, I suspect that removes the main point of a jigsaw. Well,
 maybe I didn't know maybe this does too, but it's a, yeah, it's a pretty clever machine learning
 style thing. So there's a guy called Adam Beadle on YouTube and he's made a machine. It's like a
 pes dispenser for little Legos. And it's attached to a webcam. And the webcam is swivels so it can
 move around. And the webcam can tell where you are. It can recognize your socks, say for instance.
 And so it can sign a swivel round, look for your feet and then fire Lego under your feet.
 So wherever you walk, you always stand on Lego. Was this invented by Kevin and home alone or something?
 I wanted to build a machine learning app to find four leaf clovers. So you take a picture of a
 clover patch and it would say, yeah, here's the four leaf clover. And I spoke to a lot of people
 about it. And they said that actually, for some reason, artificial intelligence isn't very good
 at counting things. So it would be quite difficult because you've got to recognize leaves coming from
 the same thing and then count how many of them. So like, there's a lot of these image generation
 AIs out there. You say, you know, draw me a picture of a bird with three legs or whatever,
 and it'll draw this picture and it'll have like 17 legs. I don't understand why, but it's an
 interesting thing. The one thing computers are good at, but not artificial intelligence for
 some reason. I remember reading years ago, there was a record for the most four leaf clovers found
 in a certain area. And it was in a prison just outside London, I think. And all the prisoners
 had started finding four leaf clovers because there'd been some genetic mutation. Or I think
 the clover has grown extra leaf when there's some problem, like there's some acid in the start.
 But it's just like. And did they all magically break out of prison the next day? They're not
 really turned in. They're just not very lucky, are they? They're in prison already, they've been
 caught. So I mean, yeah. Yeah, that's really funny. Do you think it's still lucky if robots
 find your four leaf clover? That feels like you're cheating luck of days. No, I think it's fine.
 Okay, great. I think it's solved. I think it probably is still lucky. I don't know. You can buy
 four leaf clovers. Oh, that's not lucky. That's definitely not lucky. We can buy horse shoes.
 They're so hard to find in nature. That's true. I thought they were unlucky if you hang them upside
 down. Yeah, but then everyone says they're supposed to be one way and then everyone,
 the other people say they're supposed to be the other way. No one can tell whether they're supposed
 to be the rounded bit down or the rounded bit up. It seems like different parts of the country
 have different things. So I have a horseshoe in my house, but it's on its side. Because I thought
 that's the best place they're supposed to be is flat on the ground with a horse standing on top
 of it. Like everything else is misplacing for those. Okay, time for fact number three, and that is
 James. Okay, my fact this week is that one of the most environmentally friendly ways to catch
 scallops is to set up an underwater scallop disco. And lure them in with sounds of... The macarena?
 Is that seafood based? I was desperately craving for any songs that might be... Ah, I was going
 disco. Aqua. Aqua's quite disco. Aqua would have been a good one. On topic, Barbie Girl. Go on,
 so they like disco music. They do. Well, no, they don't. They like disco lights.
 And this is a press release from the University of York that I read. And it's about some work
 that they did with FishTech Marine, which is a fisheries company from Devon. And what they were
 trying to do is they were trying to put lights into crab and lobster pots. And they were hoping
 that they would catch a load of crabs and lobsters. But what they actually... So do they think crabs
 and lobsters would be attracted by the lights? They thought they might be. But it turns out that
 crabs and lobsters, they're more of going to the movies kind of animals. They like jazz. They like
 going to watch Indiana Jones at midnight. But actually, scallops, they love the lights. They
 love the disco lights. And they kind of went down and looked at these pots that they were
 expecting to have crabs and lobsters in and found just a billion scallops. And the interesting thing
 is that the current best way of catching scallops, and when I say best way, I mean most efficient way,
 very much not the best way for the environment, is to use dredges. So loads of claws that go down
 to the bottom of the ocean and drag the bottom of the ocean. And the scallops come up and you catch
 them from there. And obviously, this is not a sustainable way to catch seafood. Because it
 drags up so much other stuff with it. It basically turns over the seabed. It's awful. But this could
 be a much better way of doing it by putting some disco lights down there. Do you think because they
 have hundreds of eyes? And do you think they love the disco lights? Because they've got so many eyes.
 It's like going to a disco that's 500 times better than ours. There is a suggestion that it might be
 that because most animals that live under the sea don't have great eyesight, but they do have these
 amazing 200 eyes. And each of their eyes have two retinas, one that responds to light and one that
 responds to darkness. And so they have this incredible complex sight. Perhaps that's the reason
 that they're attracted to the lights. We don't know to be honest, but the fact is that it works
 and it could save the environment a little bit. And most of the scallop that you see on your plate,
 if you order a scallop in a restaurant, you'll get this sort of white cylinder of flesh.
 Doesn't sound as appealing. They're very delicious things. That's kind of what a sausage is,
 isn't it? It's a cylinder of flesh. Yeah, exactly. They're the sausages of the sea. They're nature
 sausage. So that is not the whole scallop. That's not the whole animal. You know, that's just the
 adductor muscle, which is this. So they have this incredibly powerful muscle that they use to open
 and close the shell. And you're not eating the 200 beautiful tiny eyes. And the eyes are so small
 as well. The eyes are the size of a poppy seed. And each of their eyes is on its own tentacle.
 Isn't that cool? And they can kind of peer. What's that over there? So each of their eyes,
 because they have mirrors at the back of their eyes. I think, did you say that, James? Well,
 they've got two retinas, but each eye has a mirror, which is made of millions of small square
 tiles. It's weird because it's almost like a disco bowl. Oh my God. Yeah, you're right.
 One of their own when they see the disco bowl. So okay, you're in the eye. You've got the mirror,
 which is made of millions of square tiles. But those mirrors are each made of 20 or 30 layers
 of a substance called guanine. And so guanine is one of the main ingredients of DNA, among
 lots of other things. It is what gives fish their silvery tint sometimes on that sort of gleamy
 tint. That's guanine. That's what you're saying. And it's also what chameleons use to change the
 colour of their skin. There's one chemical or substance. Yeah, crystals, doesn't it? Yeah.
 In the skin of chameleons. Yeah, so cool. And that's just scallops going around, you know.
 And they have growth rings like trees. Do they? Yeah, you can tell the age of a scallop by its rings.
 It's sound that you have to chop them down first though. No. Yeah, each ring on their shell.
 It's the rings that radiate out of the shell, as it were, obviously. So each ring represents a
 year of growth, unless apparently it represents a stressful incident. So it might be that they've
 had an incredibly stressful life, in which case they're going to see much older than they are,
 much like humans. Like humans, yeah. Like they've got a lot of pressure at work or something like
 that. Yeah, yeah. It's a big report to hand in and they're trying to raise a kid at the same time,
 whatever. They've been dredged. It is mostly the dredging that a stressful incident will usually
 be you're caught in a net. And so you deposit an extra layer in your panic, apparently.
 I read an article with some scientists who reckon that if we mass produced
 oysters and mussels and scallops and stuff, then that could be the way to solve the world's nutrition
 problems. And the main problem that they found is that most people don't like oysters and mussels.
 Yeah, but if you mass produce anything, it's the answer to the world's nutrition problems.
 Well, the reason there's a few reasons. And the reason is because we have a lot of coastline,
 which is suitable for it. Using just 1% of the available coastline, we'd be able to get the
 protein for a billion people. Bivalves have higher protein content than beef does. They also have
 lots of key nutrients that we need. So vitamin A, they have iodine, they have omega three, they've
 got loads of stuff like that. And the other thing is they've come up with this new way of feeding
 them with like little, they call them bullets of nutrition. So it's a really cheap way of feeding
 the bivalves. They make it using algae, so it's very cheap to get as well. But also you can put
 stuff in these little bullets, so you can put flavorings in them, you can put more nutrition
 in them. What flavors do they like? Do they love sour flavors? Does the flavor end up in them?
 Yes, because they filter feed us. So because they filter feed, they keep a lot of the chemicals
 inside themselves. So you can put a little sour patch kid flavor into your muscle. And then when
 you eat it, you'll get all of this goodness, all of this protein. And you'll be able to
 you'll be able to have whatever flavor you want. I don't want to rub an oyster on my anus though.
 Well, you have to. You always have to draw a line on a first date.
 I have a related story about hepatitis A. Oh, yeah. So there was an outbreak of hepatitis A
 in the Netherlands. And by sequencing the genome of the virus, they traced the outbreak back to
 Bangor in Wales. And none of the people that got it in the Netherlands had been to Bangor in Wales.
 The family that had it in Wales didn't visit the Netherlands. So this one family visited the
 Caribbean, where it's endemic. And they didn't take vaccinations. Family from Wales? Yeah, in Bangor.
 They came back to Bangor. They brought hepatitis A back to Bangor. And they stayed at home because
 they knew they were real. But they were going to the toilet a lot. And they were shedding these
 virus particles into the sewage system. And by bad luck, there was a lot of rain at the time.
 And it overwhelmed the sewage system. So it ended up in the estuary in Bangor, which is a big muscle
 fishery. Wow. We're all, all three of us looking at you thinking, how is this going to get to the
 Netherlands? I think I know that. I think you're probably all in there. The muscle fishery was the
 giveaway. And their filter feeders. So the tide is moving in and out. This infected water is
 flowing back and forth over these filter feeders. They're gathering this, these virus particles.
 We're harvesting them. We're selling them around the world. And that particular batch,
 a lot of it went to the Netherlands. That is incredible. And that is also the downside of
 my plan of feeding the world with high valves. Because it just takes one family from Bangor
 and we're all fucked. And a downpour. In Poland, they use clams to automatically
 regulate their water systems. In Warsaw. So they have these clams in a room somewhere,
 but they've got water from the system flowing over them. And if the clams shut, it's because the
 water quality is low, but they've got a little like lever attached to the shell of the clam.
 And so when it closes, it hits a little button and automates the shutdown. So we know the quality
 of the water in Botticelli's Venus was good because it was open, she was standing up. And if
 Dodgy Water had entered that system, it would have been crushed. Do you know why he had a
 scallop shell Botticelli in that painting? So it's the famous painting of Venus and she's
 floating it on a seashell. Yeah, yeah. Improvisably large one. Yeah. I think it was a giant clam.
 I think she was tiny, wasn't she? I think yeah. Even giant clams aren't big enough to hold an
 entire woman. Why was it? Well, it was based on a Spanish shrine of St. James of Compostela.
 And St. James of Compostela was associated with the scallop. Few reasons may be why one, because
 the scallop's lines represent the different routes travelled by pilgrims to go and visit his remains.
 Santiago de Compostela is a pilgrimage. Exactly. It's this one. It takes a month.
 And also, possibly because when they got the remains of St. James originally, they were covered
 in scallop shells because he was in the water. One of those. Why was he devoured? Is that how he
 was invited to invite scallops? Wow. Because one of them lands on you. You think, oh, that's an
 irritation, but I can deal with that. And then the second one lands and then you see, you know,
 them all fluttering through the water towards you. It'd be a terrifying horror movie. Well,
 it's The Eternal. Would you rather question, would you rather fight like one shark or a thousand
 scallops? Anyway, one shark-sized scallop or a hundred scallop-sized sharks.
 OK, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is Anna. My fact this week is that scientists,
 stupid scientists, still... Editorializing in the facts. We've done it before. I feel strongly
 about this one. I'm still saying that climate change is real. That's my fact over and out.
 No, my fact is that scientists still can't decide if hot water freezes faster than cold water.
 And it's true. It's a thing called the Pemba effect. If it's the case that hot water, you know,
 if you start freezing a glass of hot water and a glass of cold water, the Pemba effect is if the
 hot water freezes faster than the cold water. And it's bizarrely complicated to test. I think
 there are lots of problems with it. So it's hard to define when freezing starts. Like, is it when
 certain crystals start to form? Is it when the whole thing freezes? Is it hard to identify when
 those crystals have started to form? Or is it when the temperature drops down to zero? And anyway,
 people have been saying for thousands of years that this is a phenomenon. Aristotle said it in
 350 BC. He said hot water freezes faster than cold. People sort of forgot about it for hundreds of
 years. So I think, you know, it was, it was a thing with like Francis Bacon said it in the 17th
 century. And then in the 1960s, there was a Tanzanian boy called Erasto Pemba, which is why it's
 called the Pemba effect, who noticed it again. And we started studying it. It's great. It's really
 great this this effect. Is it real though? Well, in order for it to work, right, when the hot water
 is freezing, it must at some stage overtake the cold water. Yeah, for that to be true. But that
 means that when those two waters are the same temperature, the one that was previously hot must
 somehow remember that it was hot. So yeah, so that was the big thing that they've discovered that
 they have proved that it's possible in general for a system to behave in this way, like in a really
 abstract sense, you can have a system that, you know, is approaching some equilibrium point,
 approaching some temperature. And it's possible in general that if you are further away from that
 point, you can get there quicker, but they haven't shown it specifically for water. It's the tortoise
 and the hare. I think of it as being like, if you have to heat the oven to 180 degrees, you can
 if it was frozen, and you started from frozen, it would be quicker. That's not what I'd,
 I will put it to 250 degrees so that it has to get up. I think I better get a move on.
 I've got to rush. Very different to what actually is happening. When it gets to 180,
 you just pop it back down and the light goes off and you've saved time.
 No, you know you're definitely wasting your time when you do that because of the way ovens work,
 right? I have a hunch that my oven knows there's pressure. He needs to get there.
 I do exactly the same. It's the way that Anthony works with deadlines, isn't it?
 I am exactly the same as you. You know every time with the oven, I know it's completely logical.
 Obviously, it makes no difference, but I do. If you're in a rush, you put it on as hot as
 possible. It's not going to make a difference how long it takes to get to 100 degrees. Anyway,
 that's completely unrelated to the implementation. Agree to disagree. Just to get back to you.
 How can it remember what it did? There are various ways. For example, it might be that the
 hotter water freezes from the outside first, so you've got this structural difference.
 You've got this casing of ice around an unfrozen center, whereas that doesn't happen
 with the other ones. There could be an actual mechanism of accelerating towards freezing.
 One idea is there might be more eddy currents in it, which somehow causes it to freeze quicker.
 Those eddy currents remain after that transition point has happened.
 Sort of mini whirlpools. One idea is that cold water might super cool,
 so it has to go to a lower temperature before it freezes.
 Can we talk about Erasto Mpemba, the student who the thing is named after? He did it. He
 discovered this effect if it's real and clearly opinion varies around the table,
 but he was making ice cream. He was 13 years old and he was at school making ice cream,
 and his method was you boil the milk to make it with. You mix it with the sugar,
 you put it in the freezer bit of the fridge, but there was a rush for fridge space. He had boiled
 his milk already, but he saw another boy run to the fridge without boiling the milk and shove
 his milk and thing in there. He and the other boy put their milk and sugar mixes into the
 freezer at the same time. I think it was, was it not that the other boy let his milk cool down
 first and then put it in, whereas he put it in while it was boiling. They basically put two trays
 of milk and sugar in at the same time. One of it, his was boiling hot and the others was already
 cooled. And when he and the other boy went back, his tray had frozen into ice cream. The other
 boys hadn't frozen into ice cream. It's proved. And he took a situation to a physics lecturer
 at his school called Dennis Osborne, and they co-wrote a paper which was just called Cool,
 which I love. Well actually, he first of all took the situation to his teacher,
 who said, "You're an idiot. That doesn't happen." So he asked this teacher a question about it,
 and the teacher said, "That is Mpemba's physics and not the universal physics." And it became
 like a running joke at his school. Every time there was a mistake, he would be told,
 "That is Mpemba's mathematics. He's been made a mass error." And anyway, Mpemba's name has now
 been remembered, and the teacher who took a mickey out of him, his name is now Dust. So...
 Dead in the water. Do you know by sheer coincidence when Mpemba discovered this thing about hot water,
 his effect, there was a Canadian scientist called Dr. Kel, who at pretty much exactly the same time
 wrote a paper saying the same thing. It having not been mentioned for over a century, he discovered
 the same thing. That's one of those weird things, isn't it? Like the Dennis the Menace thing when
 two Dennis the Menaces were created. Were they? That's a cool fact. Yeah, the same week a Dennis
 the Menace was created in America as there was in Britain, and they were quite so. They were both
 young schoolboys. Isn't that called Morphic Resonance? Well, that's interesting. That sounds
 like bullshit. That's Sheldrake's idea of Morphic Resonance, and that's the idea that he said it was
 in the 70s, there was a few blue tits that learned how to peck into milk bottles, and then suddenly,
 within a week, everyone had noticed that in the whole country, all these blue tits were learning
 how to do it, and he thought there was some kind of special psychic way that all of these
 animals had managed to learn stuff. So I was trying to explain Morphic Resonance to someone
 last night, but I couldn't remember what the example was, and the blue tits and the milk bottles
 is a really good one, and I misremembered it as. So you know cattle grids? This is real. This is real.
 I remember that cows had learned to roll over cattle grids. You're so close. You're so close.
 That would like within three weeks of each other, cows across the planet were rolling
 across cattle grids. You're really close, but it's sheep, and sheep had learned how to roll
 across them. Damn it. Again, there was lots of anecdotal evidence from different farmers that
 that had happened, but no one, even in the world of smartphones, no one has ever been able to video
 this actually happening. They're not idiots. They're not going to do it in front of people with
 smartphones. Oh, wow. So I got closer to that. I feel like a cow, once it's halfway across rolling
 across a cattle grid, probably won't be able to get the rest of the way along. Yeah, I cannot
 believe you confused those, because the idea of a cow rolling across anything is, I don't know if
 it can happen. Yeah, it does explain why. Or as you can roll a sheep easily, can't you? You can roll
 a sheep. Can a sheep roll itself, though? That's the question. You can tip a cow, but you can roll
 a sheep. And that's why I tell the difference between sheep and a cow. That's why you're a farming
 crew. I also have an effect named after me. Really? The mold effect. The mold effect.
 No, you're just talking about molding. No, no, I made a video about this thing that I accidentally
 discovered, which I assumed had already been discovered, but I couldn't find anything about it
 on the internet. If you get a chain of beads, a bead chain like the type you see at the side of
 blinds that you used to get about 50 meters of it, feed it into a pot, and then take the end of it
 and allow it to fall out of the pot. The whole pot empties, which is already known and understood.
 But what happens is it rises above the pot first. It's really cool. It sort of rears up. I see the
 answer. The further it has to fall, the higher it goes. I got it to go two and a half meters
 out of the pot by dropping it at about 90 meters. It's a long story, but I was making a video about
 polymers. There's a polymer called polyethylene oxide. If you make a solution of it and start
 to pour it out of the beaker, it all pours out. It's self-pouring polymer. You don't have to tip
 the whole thing up. It all just comes out in one go. I wanted to make a physical model of that.
 I'd seen it done with plastic beads before, a chain of beads. The beads self-siphon,
 but it doesn't rise up if you use plastic beads. I thought I'll use metal beads because it'll look
 nicer and it'll discover this thing that goes around. Wouldn't it be amazing if that effect,
 which you described, then becomes very important in something else? It would be amazing.
 And then in a billion years' time, everyone's like, "Did you know that the person who the
 mould effect was named after was once on a podcast?" That's some idiot. To be able to
 prove that part of the explanation, it'd be amazing to see the beads moving in zero gravity.
 And so I put a call out, "Is there any way to get the beads on the International Space Station?"
 And it's happened. The beads went up in a rocket. I think it was in May.
 Commander Samantha Christofferetti has the beads. She hasn't done the experiment yet.
 She's got a lot on, probably. She's busy, but she will do it at some point.
 What if it wrecks the ISS?
 God, they get loaded with so much crap. I always feel sorry for them.
 The old mould effect, obviously, is going to be groundbreaking, but I always think with
 astronauts and NASA, it's like, "Oh, what? I have to put this weird plant on for this kid.
 It's bloke. I'm just lucky to bring up his experiment."
 I was looking at some experiments that I could try at home, and as I mentioned a few times,
 got a new baby. And Jean-Jacques Rousseau thought that he thought that humans were fundamentally
 good as children. And any kind of evilness in humans was all society corrupting people.
 And so there was a guy called Richard Lovell Edgeworth, and he was the guy who invented the
 conveyor belt. What have you done, James? He also thought that he would try and raise his son,
 who was called Richard Jr., to be like Rousseau said, and be permanently good. So he wouldn't
 let him get involved in society. Just let him run around in the garden and stuff. Anyway,
 by the age of eight, he had become what Edgeworth described as an ungovernable child of nature.
 And he had to ship him off to a seminary. What? He's just sort of gone savage?
 He's just gone savage. Wow. And there was another psychologist called Clarence Luba.
 And Clarence thought that children only laughed when they're tickled because their parents laugh.
 So the idea is I tickle my daughter. My daughter laughs, but she's only laughing because I'm enjoying
 it so much. And basically tickling is a learned thing. And so he invented some cardboard shield
 masks that he would, him and his wife would wear every time that they tickle their child
 in the hope that the child would never learn how to laugh when tickled. But by the time the child
 was seven months old, it was still laughing whenever it was tickled. But he thought that
 his hypothesis was still true. And maybe his wife was not fully observing the tickling rules.
 Your poor wife had been working for this weird man covered mask tickle experiment.
 The child's terrified of both of you at this stage. Darling, we have a tickling protocol.
 My ad hoc hypothesis about laughing and tickling, which means it's just an idea that I've got,
 is that it's a way to teach self-defense through play. So the sensation of being tickled is
 unpleasant, right? So if kids just cried when you tickled them, you wouldn't do it. But they laugh.
 And so as a parent, you think, oh, I've got to make them laugh. It's, someone may feel so good
 to make my kids laugh. So you, and you think about where you tickle kids, it's in those vulnerable
 places where you could get her like the neck armpits. So I think it's this way of like encouraging
 parents to do things that kids that actually don't really enjoy, but it's, it's, it's a form of
 learning self-defense. Are you saying it's like the sensation of being attacked by a wild animal?
 Yes. And you're kind of. So you're not very good at self-defense when you're being tickled,
 are you? Because I've never successfully fought off a tickle. Maybe I wasn't tickled enough to
 know. You have to go for the, you have to go for the eyes. Yeah. And the crotch. You know, you're
 shucking an eye guarantee. One theory about the tickling is that it's like if insects are getting
 on, you like poisonous insects. And it's to the reason that it's unpleasant. And the reason you
 want to stop it is because in the olden days before iPads, you might have been in the Serengeti
 and there were dangerous insects climbing on you. Yeah, but that makes sense. But why the laugh?
 But it's not funny. Well, it's not for you. I mean, it's funny for everyone else in the,
 in the camping trip. I think the same argument then about it being a protection thing. It's a
 defense thing. Yeah. So we're teaching our children to defend themselves. Why would you laugh
 as a defense? No, you should defend yourself. You're trying to stop. You're physically defending
 yourself. You're wiggling. No, no. But why the laughing? Like you want, I understand this tickle,
 you're obviously fighting off. Do encourage the parents. I get the, I love the parents theory.
 To stimulate the child so that they defend themselves against insects. So, no, hang on,
 we've got it. It's for the, the child laughs to make sure the parent keeps on wiggling the child,
 to encourage the child to learn how to fight off an insect swarm. I completely understood that,
 although it's the parent being an idiot, because all parents remember being tickled as kids. And
 what they remember is this was hell. Don't inflict this on your child. So what you're saying, Anna,
 is that my experiment where my house is full of dangerous hornets. And I release them every
 time I tickle my daughter. This is not a good idea. Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get in contact with us about any of the things
 that we've said, we can all be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @andrewhunterm, James,
 James Harkin, Steve at Moldes, and Anna, you can email our podcast at qi.com. Also, do be sure
 to check out Steve Molde's YouTube. He is to be found on YouTube. If you search for Steve Molde,
 you will find him and he and his colleagues from the festival of this poker nerd had a brilliant
 podcast called a podcast of unnecessary detail. So check that out too. If you'd like to go to
 no such thing as a fish.com, you will find details of all of our previous episodes. You will find
 tickets for the tour dates we've got coming up. There's a tour date we're streaming live to the
 world. So wherever you're hearing this, you can get a ticket for that. It's going to be great fun.
 And you can also find the portals for our brand new members area, which is called Club Fish. We're
 going to be putting so much stuff in there. You can get ad free versions of the regular show.
 There are going to be things like Drop as a Line, which is a section where we cover all the amazing
 wonderful correspondence that you guys have sent in. There are going to be compilations every month
 of all the funny outtakes and bonus stuff that hasn't been in the regular show. You can join
 up. All you need to do is go to no such thing as a fish.com and all the details are there. Check it
 out. Okay, that's it. We'll see you next week for another episode of this. We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 [Music]
