 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish When We Were Joined
 by the incredible mathematician, YouTuber, science communicator, all-round smart guy
 Matt Parker. Now, a lot of you will know a lot of Matt's work. He's written a lot of
 books, things to make and do in the fourth dimensions. One of his humble pie was an
 absolutely massive book for him. He has a new book out. It is called Love Triangle, The
 Life-Changing Magic of Trigonometry. I haven't read it yet, but I can tell you having read
 his other books, it is going to be absolutely incredible. And you can pre-order it right
 now by going to mathsgear.co.uk. That's M-A-T-H-S-G-E-A-R.co.uk. Don't forget that S if you're in America.
 And you can pre-order a signed copy with a limited edition dust jacket. Of course, it
 will be available in all of the local bookshops and probably in those big online book retailers
 as well. A few other things about Matt, he is in a podcast called A Problem Squared with
 Beck Hill, who you might remember from a few months ago. She came on the podcast and talks
 about Cabbage Patch Kids. Beck and Matt have this incredible podcast. It's definitely worth
 listening to. And there is also a podcast of unnecessary detail that Matt does with two
 other ex-fish alumni, Steve Mould and Helen Arney from the Festival of the Spoken Nerd.
 Anyway, I'm sure you're going to love this week's show. Don't forget at the end of it,
 go to mathsgear.co.uk to pre-order Matt's new book, Love Triangle. But for now, all that's
 left to say is on with the podcast.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hovern. My name is Dan Shriver. I am sitting here with Anna
 Tyshinski, James Harkin and Matt Parker. And once again, we have gathered around the
 microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days. And in no particular
 order, here we go. Starting with fact number one, that is Matt. The first computer to ever
 discover a shape starred in the 1980s sitcom. Well, starred was in an episode of the 1980s
 sitcom Laverne and Shirley. Wow. There are a couple of concepts in there. I'm not familiar
 with them. I like to pack a lot of concepts into a sentence. Okay, so computer shape, Laverne
 or Shirley? Can we talk about how you discover a shape? Good point. That feels like the bigger
 question. I also don't know what Laverne and Shirley show you'd recommend. I'm unfamiliar
 with their non-computer based episodes. I used to watch it as a kid. Really? Yeah, yeah.
 And it's good. Yeah, it's, I mean, it was a spinoff from Happy Days. Yeah, it's Gary
 Marshall, who was the, yeah, the creator of it. He was the Happy Days guy. Yeah, yeah.
 Apparently it was a lot of, sorry, we're in Laverne and Shirley territory now. That was
 in the main part of my own. Apparently they were like really kind of like, you know, they
 had lots of fights on set and Happy Days, the cast, they used to put glass to the walls
 to hear the Argivets that were going on on the other side. Yeah, it was all that stuff.
 On Happy Days. Yeah. But it was, it was early 80s, I think, Laverne and Shirley. So that's
 quite early for, no, it's not that early for computers, is it? It was a 1980 episode and
 the same computer had previously starred in The Land of the Giants in 1969. God didn't
 get work for a while then. No, it went out for a while. So it was in 60s like sci-fi and
 being in a 1986 com was actually like the final bit of its Hollywood career. Yeah, it's pretty
 about you've, you've as a result of this fact and we will get to the new shape. Sorry,
 Anna, for knocking out of this, but this website that you sent starring the computer, starring
 the computer is phenomenal. Right. It's the IMDB of computers and movies that they have
 appeared in. And it's run by this one guy who he has this amazing Twitter account where
 he just constantly puts up photos from movies he's watching going, what's this? Does anyone
 know? And the people go hunting to try and track down the exact computer that's in the
 in the movie. So good. What was this computer first? The Burroughs 220. Okay. Once you've
 seen it in Laverne and Shirley, do you think people then go, well, I want to watch The
 Land of the Giants now and I want to watch? Watch this entire bat catalog. Yeah, you might
 be with an actor. Well, what's good about this computer? The Burroughs 220 really looks
 like a computer. Like if you're thinking 60s computers, like with tape spinning and light
 splashing, it's like your classic retro computer look. Okay. I read that a similar one, which
 was the B205. Oh, yes. Was the bat computer in Batman. I wondered if there were ever
 computers that played other computers. And I guess that's an example. Like a Mac playing
 at Dell or something. Yeah. Yeah. But I wanted to find out more about the bat computer. Unfortunately,
 one of the most popular internet firms in Lagos is called bat computers. I did find
 a few things about the bat computer. And by the way, the Burroughs 205 absolutely smashes
 the hell out of the 220. It does. It had way better casting. Yeah, it's in the top 10 most
 appeared in movies computers in the world. Family of computers for the record. Yeah. One
 big Burroughs family. So here we go. A dynasty, you might say. What you get with the bat computer,
 the Burroughs 205 is you get the bat correction signal, which alerts Batman when he has said
 something incorrect. You have the bat computer input slot, which I remember. Wait a minute.
 So they invented the QI Klaxon. Exactly. Yeah. There's the input slot where it's just it's
 kind of like where you would it's like a mail slot where you put your post in, but it's
 like, here's an entire book and you just shove the book in and it computes the whole book
 really quickly. Wow. Accelerated concentration switch. That's sort of giving it more computing
 power in order to deal with the problem. And special escaped arch criminal bat locator,
 which is a preset of the computer, basically, but specifically for like the Joker and the
 Reddler. That's clever. So I find my own app, but like find my villain. Exactly. Yeah. And
 the bat keyboard, that's an actual thing. It is a keyboard, which only has I think five
 or six or seven keys on it. And you can make any letter by playing a chord. Do you know
 these math, like no keyboards? So you don't need 26 keys to play all the stonography would
 use. I think so. Yeah. But it was used for like disabled people who, you know, only had
 one hand or something like that. And you could type letters quickly by knowing that if you
 want to do an A, you might press the first one, the third one, the fourth one or whatever.
 Because there's 30. Well, if you include pressing nothing, 32 options, so that you've got enough
 for the whole alphabet. How many keys with five? Five keys. Five keys will give you 32
 options, including the null press, which is not using the keyboard. So 31 distinct presses.
 And then if you include your nose, now you can do upper and lower case. I do have a keyboard.
 I removed all the keys apart from the zero and the one on a keyboard because I can type
 in binary. So I could I included the backspace. I'm not a monster. So I can and enter so I
 could type out. I tried doing it on stage. I'll type people's names in binary and then
 hit enter. Really? It will come up in text. Wow. I was looking at that website for all
 the examples of this B205, which is what the bat computer is. And one just caught my eye,
 which was sex kittens go to college. The movie. I don't know why. But this is an amazing movie
 because it didn't just have this computer in it, the B205. It also had a robot called
 Electro in it. And Electro was an exhibit of the 1939 World's Fair. It was like a huge
 seven foot tall robot. It could walk by voice commands. So if you told it to walk, it could
 walk. It could speak 700 words using a record player. It could smoke cigarettes, blow up
 balloons and move its hands and arms. All the parts of the chewing test.
 Wow. So this was like a really famous robot in the World's Fair, 1939. And then by, you
 know, the 1960s, it was in sex kittens go to college. So good. What a career decline.
 Is it good or is it depressing for that poor robot? I just love it. I love all the movies.
 I didn't read that movie. Like there are so many, like you get big ones like Austin Powers,
 the spy who shagged me. It appears in that. But then you also got Dr. Goldfoot and the
 Bikini machine. So good. And the Burroughs, by the way, it was a company. Yeah. And it
 was started by William Seward Burroughs, who was a grandfather of William S. Burroughs.
 Really? He invented, at least this is, I'm sure there are other claims to it, but he
 invented and filed the patent for the first calculator. You wouldn't imagine that spawning,
 William Burroughs. Not really. Two generations later, it's sort of like chain smoking, romantic.
 Wife shooting. Wife shooting. You like to put that further down in C.
 We rarely talk about the fact that he killed his wife. Yeah. Well, apparently he said that
 he was trying to do a William Tell thing. Yeah. And shoot an apple off her head and accidentally
 shot her butt. Yeah. I'm not sure we all buy that. But apparently that will get you off
 in court because he didn't go to jail. Yeah. Everything was fine. Yeah. Just leave an apple
 nearby at the scene of the crime. Yeah. That's what I was aiming for. Another cool pop culture
 computer crossover I came across. Did you guys know that Steve Jobs is Homer Simpson's
 uncle? Oh, what? Yes. Yes. This is so weird, this fact. It's so weird. It's so bizarre.
 So Steve Jobs' dad is a guy called Abdul Fattah Jandali. Steve Jobs was put up for adoption
 by this guy because his partner's family disapproved of the marriage because he was Syrian Muslim.
 So Steve Jobs went out for adoption, never met his father, actually. This guy, Abdul
 Fattah Jandali, had another kid also who ended up estranged from him. She was called Mona
 Simpson and she married a guy weirdly called Richard Apple. So Steve Jobs' brother-in-law
 is called Apple. What? Brilliant. She married a guy called Richard Apple, who is a riser
 on the Simpsons and he came up with the character of Mona Simpson, Homer's mum, named after
 his partner, Mona Simpson. So Steve Jobs' sister is Mona Simpson, Homer Simpson's
 mum. Okay. Yeah. I followed that, but maybe because I knew it beforehand. I'm not sure
 if that worked because we got too confused looking. Imagining a very complicated family
 tree. Yeah. I'm thinking like the Hapsburgs, the other family tree where they're all kind
 of into it. Yeah. It is like that. And also, if that branched on into fiction for one bit
 of it, it's a little bit like Icelandic sagas where you're like, "Is this true or is it
 not?" So shapes? How does a computer? How does a computer invent a shape? Well, this
 is the problem. So everyone, and this is a perfect example of what happened in computing,
 everyone loves the B205 and all these other fancy computers. The B220 was like a vacuum
 tube miscalculation because they barely made any, no one really bought them. Transistors
 had come along and blown these old ones out of the water. So they were pretty much a forgotten
 computer. Until I was reading a old maths paper from 1962 and it was someone called
 Donald Grace who was trying to find the biggest shape. Now, you're going to need some constraints
 on that. Otherwise, the biggest shape is whatever shape the universe is. But they were trying
 to work out the biggest shape that you could fit in like a unit sphere. Okay. So the biggest
 shape you can fit in a ball. Okay. And you can imagine it the size of the universe if
 you want, no one's stopping you. Yeah. Or you can imagine it at a nice manageable basketball
 esque size. Okay. And to make it a bit more manageable again, they would do it for the
 number of vertices, the number of corners a shape has. Right. And Donald specifically
 was curious what's the biggest shape with eight vertices on it. Okay. Which some people
 might think we just work out how to put eight points on a sphere as far apart as possible
 and join them all up to make a cube and doesn't work. That is the best way to position your
 points on a sphere. And that's actually quite difficult to do. That's a whole other no one
 has a good systematic way to arrange dots on a sphere. That's so interesting. What in
 that in that regular way that makes a cube despite all the funding from big golf? What
 is the biggest golf? There's no it's called the Thompson problem. There's no because it
 came out of is it named after Gulf Alexi Thompson? It's not right. Okay. It came out of Thompson
 looking at electrons in an atom to work out how they be spaced. And they're like, Oh,
 well, it's easy. They just space such that they've got the as close as possible to the
 same distance between them. And they're like, we just work that. Oh, that's really hard
 to work out. And it doesn't even solve this other problem. So we were a bit mathematician
 with a bit of a dead end. And Donald Grace was studying at Stanford, studying what would
 later be called computer science. And they were like, you know what, I'll just see if
 I can get a computer to solve this problem. Because if I program a computer to start with
 eight points on a sphere, and work out the shape that they define, and then jiggle them
 all around a bit, and see which direction of jiggling increases the volume by the most.
 And just do that more times in a human ever could, you'll eventually evolve your way into
 the biggest possible shape. Yeah, okay. So I read the paper. And I wasn't kind of aware
 of that at the time, I was just looking because I like the shapes. I was reading through the
 paper. And there's a line that said, oh, we ran this on a borrows 220 computer system.
 And I was like, that's weird, like, that's commonplace in modern math research. But I
 was looking at this going, that's what a computer already. And the paper was submitted
 in August 1962. How did he have access to a computer? And it turns out they did have
 the borrows 220 at Stanford, they got it in 1960. So Donald has since passed away, spoke
 to his kids, and they're like, Oh, we used to volunteer and go in at night. Take the
 night shift from the computer lab, that meant he could run his code on the computer. Because
 otherwise, they were not going to waste their computer time for someone finding the biggest
 shape. Yeah, exactly. And he found it. He found the biggest shape and he published it. And
 he's like, I found this thing. And do you have any idea? Can we explain what the shape
 is? Or is it tough? It looks a little bit like a dice from D&D. Okay, yeah, it's made
 entirely out of triangles. But because it's not like an icosahedron, like a D20, or like
 a D8, that's nice and neat, because they're platonic solids, it's somewhere in the middle.
 So it's still a lot of triangles put together. And it looks quite regular. But it's not exactly
 tidy, because that's an awkward number of vertices. You couldn't you couldn't roll it
 as a physical die. It'll be slightly unfair. Yeah. And it's massive. I mean, it's going
 to be difficult, isn't it? Heavy. Well, it's size of the universe. Can we talk about golf?
 Yeah, sure. I made a classic error there. Can I say no? No, you can't say no, because
 this is interesting, right? So I learned this from researching for this. I looked at my golf
 balls, and there's loads of dimples on them, right? All the dimples are hexagons. Or are
 they all hexagons, Matt? Because it's a sphere. They can't be, right? And so I found out that
 every golf ball has 12 pentagons on it. It's amazing. That was Anna, by the way. It's
 true. That wasn't a weird Star Wars creature that just suddenly came on. We went to Epcot,
 Disney World, and I made everyone else with stop so we could look at the massive Epcot
 sphere, which is a giant golf ball, I guess. I'm like, "In there somewhere," I said, "at
 12 pentagons." Oh, my God. I'm going to try and find some. But the interesting thing is,
 this is the least interesting part of it. Now, I think this has improved my golf game,
 because what I do is when I put the ball on the tee, I line up one of the pentagons to
 where I want to hit, and it helps me concentrate that that's the part of the ball that I want
 to hit. Oh, that's great. Yeah. That's like with bowling. I use the triangle in the middle.
 Well, you're supposed to. That's what they're there for. I don't think anyone does those,
 but I do. I do, and it works. Yeah. I mean, that's what that's there for. That's quite
 annoying for the golfer behind you who has to wait for you to just constantly go, "Hang
 on. I know there are loads here." Trying to find his pentagons. Well, that's amazing,
 isn't it? Yeah, that's incredible. 12 pentagons, because you can't put hexagons on a sphere.
 You can't. And I've gotten very upset because the UK street signs for a football stadium,
 a picture of a football, and they've forgotten the pentagons. It's all hexagons, which is
 mathematically impossible. So why can't be if they made the sign work? Well, they just
 drawn a hexagon kind of slightly distorted grid, and then cut out a circle of it and
 put it on the sign. And we never see the other side of that. Yeah, of course. So I ran a
 big petition. Right. I got 20,000 signatures on a parliamentary petition. Yeah. So the
 government has to write to you at that point to say what they're going to do about this
 important issue you've raised. Yeah. And they wrote to me to say they're not going to change
 the street signs to be correct. They're like, no. They said that the correct geometry would
 be so similar to the current signs. There's no point changing it. And they also said the
 correct geometry would be so distracting, it might increase the likelihood of accidents.
 Really? Absolutely bullshit. We've got an election coming up. Thank you. I think if any
 party decides to go for that, we're going to change the shape of footballs on road signs.
 It's got to be a huge majority. Yeah. Yeah, I completely agree. Although I did now talk
 to someone who makes custom footballs, soccer balls, and got them to make me a ball where
 from one specific angle, it looks like the street sign. Nice. So someone who runs a company
 called 12 pentagons, John Paul designed this ball where from the front and the back looks
 like the street sign, but like the equator around the bit is a nightmare of weird shapes
 to patch the drama together to make it work in physical reality. Yeah. And you have that.
 I got the ball. I took it up to Liverpool Football Club. No. Yeah, I got their sports
 analytics team to have a kick around with it. I was not allowed. They're like, you have
 to come on a day where we can guarantee there will be no players around. Imagine if Mo Sala
 played with that ball and it fucked up his entire career. I can't play with these other
 balls anymore. Yeah, this is the one. It'd be great to see a lower league team like in
 the EFL training with that ball, knowing the game with that ball, then playing a Premier
 League team and just seeing the difference. Can you deal with the ball? Yeah, exactly.
 It's the guys at Tramir, my team are listening. Give it a go. Can't be much worse than what's
 happening this season. Okay, it is time for fact number two. That is James. Okay, my fact
 this week is that the woman who invented the trolley problem was the daughter of a man
 who made railway tracks for a living. So amazing. And the trolley problem is the issue where
 you're in a supermarket and one of the wheels gets stuck and you can't push in a straight
 line. No, it's when your coin won't fit into the slot to release it from the big bunch
 of trolleys. I feel like I have to give a little bit more information about the trolley
 problem. So it's like a philosophical idea that you've got a trolley or like a trolley
 car in America, I guess it is, and it's going down some tracks and it's going to kill five
 people who are working on the tracks or who are tied to the tracks depending on the version.
 But you have a lever and you can pull the lever and the trolley can go in the other direction
 and it will kill only one person. Do you pull the lever to kill that one person or do you
 just do nothing and let the five people die? Yeah, not everyone agrees with what's the
 correct answer. So it's always interesting. Yeah. And that was so that was originally
 called the Tram problem, which was created by Philip of foot. She married a guy called
 foot, which feels quite rebellious if your dad makes railroad tracks. That's true. And
 she is known as the Grand Dam of philosophy. Yeah. And her mother was Esther Cleveland,
 who was the first president's child to be born in the White House, the daughter of Grover
 Cleveland. And her father was William Sidney, Benson Quay, who managed skinning grove steel
 works in Yorkshire. And he made a lot of the tracks for the train tracks in the north of
 England. And I'm not sure it had any bearing on her philosophical works. I just like the
 idea. I think it's good that she had parents who worked on railroads because imagine if
 her parents were like an accountant and a librarian, yeah, like it'd be a very different
 hypothetical situation. You know, five people want to borrow the same book. Yeah. But one
 other person needs it for their own self is going to fall on. It's going to go one of
 two ways. There's five people on one side. You can shove it the other way and get one
 person that side thinking. Yeah. I don't think it would have caught on as the philosophical
 meme it is today. But Philippa Foote was amazing. She's incredible. And it's amazing that all
 the connections, you know, Grand Order of Grover Cleveland came up with this massive
 philosophical dilemma, flatmate of Iris Murdoch. You know, she's like got so many interesting
 little cultural touch points that I just surprised I've never heard of. Yeah. I guess they all
 there seem to be a coterie of very interesting female philosophers around about that time,
 which I suppose was the 30s and 40s. 40s. She got her degree in 42. Got it. So around
 the 40s. And yeah, Iris Murdoch, who I never really thought of as a philosopher, and that's
 just my ignorance. I just read a couple of Iris Murdoch's years ago. And it makes me
 feel much more high brown now having read them because really Iris Murdoch books, have you
 guys ever read her? No. They're basically about loads of people having affairs. Well,
 the two that I read and I think all the rest of them. But once you know she's a moral philosopher,
 there's a huge moral undercurrent that you're supposed to think about. So the trolley problem.
 So it started as a tram problem with Phillipa Foote. Actually, let's go around the table.
 Sorry to interrupt that. Yeah, yeah. Let's go around the table. Pull on that pole. Okay.
 Would you pull on that pole? Pull. Pull. Yeah. But what depends on the freight. The whole
 point is you change insignificant details and flips what people will say. And that seems
 to be what happened. So this one seems to be relatively straightforward, although there's
 some disagreement, but almost everyone says they would pull. But then when you add lots
 of other bits of the scenario, and that seems to have been done by this other woman called
 Judith Jarvis Thompson, who was the person who made the trolley problem famous, came
 up with the term the trolley problem. It's trolleyology is this whole kind of area of
 study that's because of her. And yeah, she expanded on it with loads of possible examples.
 I think the most famous is probably the bystander case where rather than being the driver of
 the trolley, you're now just on a bridge and you see the driver of the train faint. And
 then as a bystander, do you step in? And then that's like, are you intervening now?
 Well, it's slightly different. The bridge one's slightly different. There's two options
 that Judith came up with. One is that you're on the side watching the trolley come and there's
 a lever that you're able to pull. So you now need to make the decision, the five people
 or one people. The bridge decision is you're standing on the bridge. You've suddenly done
 an interesting calculation where you realize that if you chucked what they call the fat
 man, someone big enough, not yourself. You've diagnosed you're too small. But there's someone
 who's big and weighty next to you and you somehow have the skill to throw them off the
 bridge and stop it. Would you then do that? That's the biggest dilemma because that's taking
 an innocent bystander. And there is another version where the bystander is not just big
 enough to stop the train, but he's also the person who put the five people on the track
 in the first place. So he's the villain. So is it better to push him? If you know he's
 a bad guy, he's the one who set this whole terrible scheme up.
 Did he do it deliberately? I need so much backstory now. Okay, well, what are the five
 people done to him? Oh, well, that's a good question.
 This is why if their workers versus tied to the track can change it sometimes. Because
 are they foolish workers who didn't follow health and safety? Or are they there of no
 fault of their own?
 You're right. They had it coming, mate. You don't follow health and safety.
 This feels like a game of pool whenever I go to a pub and you have to work out what rules
 you're playing.
 Two shot carry. Is it two shots on the black? What is it?
 But I like the bridge one because a lot of people would, in the standard issue version
 of this, pull the lever and sacrifice one person to save five. But then there's the hospital
 waiting room problem, which is where a perfectly healthy person walks in and sits down the
 hospital waiting room and they realize there are five people who all desperately need an
 organ transplant. And if they got the organ that all live. So if we take this one healthy
 person, we can take their organs and five, which in the abstract is equivalent to the
 same problem. But now it's universally no as opposed to almost universally yes.
 And I think this is what befuddled old Judith Jarvis Thompson and she changed her mind.
 On her solution, she said you shouldn't push the bystander off. And this was years later.
 So it was in the 70s that she came up with her.
 It was a bit late by then because she's already killed 500 people in the experiment.
 She suddenly was like, I feel terrible about this. It's wrong. But she said, it's kind
 of what you were saying, Matt. She said, actually, if you're on the bridge and you've got the
 option to push someone off the bridge to save the five people, but sacrificing them, would
 you sacrifice yourself? And if the answer is no, then you've got no right to sacrifice
 the other person. And if the answer is even yes, you've still got no right because their
 answer might be no. Yeah, which kind of makes sense. Well, is it absolutely right Danny definitively
 saying that? My answer to the trolley problem, if I'm on the trolley, I would immediately
 look out, see if someone's standing near a lever, go pull the lever for Christ's sake,
 if you want. Or yell up to the bridge. Is there anyone who's just having a bad time of
 it? You just kind of want to be a hero. You need to be over 16 stone. I'm having a bad
 time of it. Judith Thompson was really important in the abortion debate and around Roe versus
 wage. She wrote probably the most famous or maybe the most seminal paper about it with
 another thought experiment that she came up with, which and I guess what's quite fun
 about thought experiments is the kind of a bit funny abortion often not a funny subject.
 But she just made it funny. She found the comedy and she said in defense of abortion,
 she wrote, imagine this, you wake up one morning and you find yourself back to back in bed
 with famous unconscious violinist Nigel Kennedy say not say Nigel Kennedy yet. In fact, because
 he's probably the only famous violinist you can name Jack Benny. All right, you can have
 Jack Benny. This is a game I was not equipped to play. Vanessa May. Very good. All right,
 it can be any famous unconscious violinist. It's not really important which specific
 violinist it is. We're playing the famous violinist tennis. No, no, no, please. I'll
 go on. Can't think of one. So the famous violinist has a fatal kidney. Sorry, that's just the
 smallest violin playing for me in my sadness of losing. So the violinist has a fatal kidney
 ailment and the Society of Musical Lovers have therefore kidnapped you and rigged up
 your circulatory system to the violinist and this will save the violinist, him or her.
 And you go to the hospital and you're like, someone's rigged up my circulatory system with
 this fucking violinist and I don't want it there. And the hospital's like, look, we're
 super sorry. Wouldn't let it happen if we'd known about it. But now it's happened. It's
 kind of letting him die if we unplug you. She says, should you have to agree to be plugged
 into him? And her argument is no, you shouldn't have to agree.
 And the doctor also says in nine months it will be fine and you'll be unplugged anyway,
 right? The doctor says in nine months it'll be fine. Yes. Although she sort of expands
 on it a bit because, you know, if you have a child often it's not straight up. So in nine
 months it'll be fine, but there is no reason. You still have to look after the traumatic
 complexion. You've got to look after the violinist. You've got to change the nappy.
 I think Philip Heffort's original one was also about abortion, the one with the trolley
 problem. Because it had the trolley problem in it, but it also had another quandary which
 was a magistrate who executes one man in order to quell a riot in which five innocent men
 will die. And so she asked people, should you be able to execute one person to save five
 people in the riot? And almost everyone said no. And then you said, but should you pull
 this lever so that the trolley kills this one person? And almost everyone said yes. And
 she's like, this is a weird dichotomy of ideas. And I think, I think maybe that's where our
 argument came in of one of them, the judge is actively killing someone versus just not
 saving people, wasn't it? So she was like, that's a slightly different, it's very confusing.
 And then Daniel Bartels of Columbia University says this is all bullshit because these dilemmas
 are really engaging situations that people enjoy thinking about, but in real life, you
 wouldn't enjoy it at all. If you had to make that decision, you probably would be a bit
 stressed. On Mastodon, the new Twitter, and there's a user called Sidereal who came up
 with a solution where the trolley is going down and you've got a lever. And what you
 do is you pull the lever just when the front wheels of the trolley have passed, but before
 the back wheels of the trolley have passed, and that will make the trolley cast stop.
 They won't kill anyone.
 You kill everyone.
 Yeah.
 No, you kill no one. And apparently this is how railroad workers stop runaway trains,
 and how railroad robberies used to take place in the Wild West is you would make the tracks
 change just as the train's going over you.
 Me too.
 Right.
 So that's a way to trick it.
 That's brilliant.
 Did you read the really recent story about a runaway train?
 No.
 No.
 It was mad. In Japan, it was a freight train. It had 50 carriages, and it went for 80 kilometres
 on its own, totally driverless at 100 kilometres per hour. So the driver disembarks for like
 a driver stop at a station in a place called Jammu, and it just started rolling, and it
 kept going. And they had to close all the road crossings ahead of it. They were like,
 "Oh my God, we can't stop this train quickly. Make sure pedestrians aren't crossing the
 tracks." It went for 80 kilometres, and eventually I think someone came and put blocks on the
 track to stop it.
 Wow.
 So it ran and trained on it.
 And there was no people on it, the driver had gone and...
 No people, just shed loads of bricks, I think.
 That's a worst-case scenario.
 Not pillows and marshmallows.
 That's probably not.
 Do you guys know Vsauce, the YouTuber?
 Yeah.
 Michael.
 Oh, your buddies are them.
 Your actual friends, yeah.
 Are you? I really want to know your opinion on the fact that he actually tried the trolley
 problem for real, which has never been done before, and is so weird to watch. I mean, I
 think he did it. He's claiming to have done it.
 Do you?
 Yeah. It's really hard to work out if people are acting or not, because you really...
 Did he kill five people or one person?
 Yeah.
 The next video comes from Jail. Maybe it's also Michael in Jail here.
 Yeah, it wasn't quite that extreme, but basically he took volunteers from the street and told
 them they were in an experiment about high-speed rail, and like, "We're testing this train,
 this automated train," took them into a switching station, and he says, "Why don't you have a
 look at how this switching station works while you're here?" And there's a guy who's
 there saying, "Hey, this is the button I press to put the train on a different track,"
 and then he gets a phone call and has to leave. So the volunteer is just alone in the switching
 station, and they suddenly see a train coming, and they're watching workers on the track
 with headphones on, so they can't hear what's happening. And they think that the only way
 to save these workers is to click that switch they've just been shown, and to kill one person
 but save the other five. And it's incredible to watch, and it's mad to me that it was
 allowed to happen, but he took it through this, like, ethics boards, went through the
 ethics boards, and seven people did it. Do you want to guess how many, because obviously
 the other thing about the trolley problem is people always say they'd switch, and in
 real life, would you actually? Seven people, how many people do you think click the switch?
 I'm going to go one. Nice. I think just like, if you're in someone else's office, you just
 don't want to touch anything, no matter what. All the other social, like you're like, oh,
 yeah, yeah, people dying, but the, oh, the social awkwardness of touching someone's work
 station. And that's how good human beings are. You're absolutely right, it's two people.
 Two people. And a lot of them did say that, they were like, well, it's not really my,
 I don't know, maybe he's broken under control. Yeah. Yeah. Gosh. It is part of the dilemma
 that you sort of think the act of pulling the lever makes you complicit to a murder
 versus. Yeah. I hadn't thought of that really, like that being part of the emotion. I'm
 deciding you die. Oh yeah. Whereas if I just don't touch it. Like if it's your job, then
 you could be negligent for not pressing it, right? Because you've let five people die
 and it's your job and you should have made that decision. But if you've just been left
 in that room. You're a real group. But if you've misunderstood this, the situation, you make
 it worse. I'm releasing more trains. Okay, it is time for fact number three and that
 is Anna. My fact this week is that on the first ever road trip across America, multiple bridges
 collapsed under the weight of the cars and had to be rebuilt along the way. Wow. It's
 presumably crumbled behind you often crumbled with the vehicles on it and they would plunge
 into a river. Oh, right. I was thinking like Dan, maybe it's like, you know, when you're
 walking in the countryside and you have to close all the gates behind you, just like
 consider a driving in America. Bridge back now. So cows can cross. This was a very specific
 road trip and involved a lot of cars. So it was 1919. And it was 79 vehicles. Specifically,
 it was the Army Motor Transport Corps. And they were driving across America to check
 out the state of the road. So it was ordered by the War Department, this road trip. And
 no one had ever traveled from East Coast to West Coast America because the roads just
 weren't equipped for that. There wasn't an interstate road system. And so this trip was
 commissioned to see if the roads were possible and it turned out not really. And there were
 just constant diversions because like cars would sink in the mud or they often had to
 disassemble covered bridges because the trucks were too tall. So they'd have to take a bridge
 apart and then put it back together when the trucks had gone through. And then if you look
 up news reports about it, it was a huge media deal. Every new state they went into this
 caravan of cars. Everyone was like, Hey, so it was always reported in the news. And the
 news was always saying, you know, 12 bridges repaired today, eight bridges collapsed today,
 you know, another 12 bridges, this truck fell and had to be pulled out of a gully.
 So really, if you were a small town, you'd want to divert the roads to your worst bridges
 so that you're getting free repair. What was the date again? Sorry, Anna, I know you
 said 1919, 1919. Gosh, how many cars were on it? There's about 79 vehicles. And it took
 a seriously long time because the roads were so bad. So it took all together. They traveled
 3,242 miles. And it took 62 days, which ended up being an average of about five miles an
 hour, a bit over five miles an hour. Wow, they took 20 days longer to do this than the record
 for running across America today. Right. Oh, wow. So then this caused this report to be
 written by loads of people, one of whom was a chap called Eisenhower in 1919, who went
 on along for the road trip, wrote a report saying we've got to fix these roads, became
 president more than 30 years later. It was like, they haven't fixed these bloody roads
 yet. And so he was the one who fixed the roads. I find it amazing that the interstate system
 in America is basically an army thing. It's a defense thing, isn't it? That's why they
 built it. Is that why they did it initially? It's actually officially known as the Dwight
 D. Eisenhower National System of Interstate and Defense Highways. So yeah, but then after
 it had been going for 40 years, they claimed that it had saved the lives of 187,000 people.
 Is that because it's so safe? It is because motorways and highways are just super safe
 compared to normal roads because everyone's going in the same direction. And it's so regimented
 how it works. So I didn't really know anything about the interstate highway system, but all
 the rules are exactly the same across the board. So America didn't have a unified road
 system by the 1950s. You still couldn't really cross efficiently from one state to another
 because it's just not in a state's interest to make the crossing between states good.
 So the federal government took over. And yeah, it's super safe, but like everything down
 to the last detail is the same across the board. So tunnels and bridges are exactly the
 same height everywhere. There's the same gradient of slope at the edge of the roads for water
 runoff. Everything's the same. That's cool. That universally across America still to this
 day? Just in the interstate highway system. Yeah. Yeah. And sweetly, Alaska and Hawaii
 both have interstate highway roads, even though they've got no states to go to. I've been
 on the one in Alaska and it's not like it doesn't seem the same as the ones in New York.
 Oh, does it not? Really? No. Okay. Yeah. They maybe have played it a bit faster than these
 for the rules out there. Yeah. The ones in Hawaii are the ones in Honolulu. They're exactly
 like anywhere in America for sure. The average age of bridges in the US is a year younger
 than me. Wow. We're talking like 54, 55. And will that always be true? They age with you?
 No, they'll chase them and repair them and get new ones. They're not going to get older
 than you, though, sadly our way. They're not going to change you and repair you. That's
 true. How often do you remove a bridge though? Like how many bridges are we losing? I guess
 if they totally replace one, that would reset the clock. Well, a third of them are classified
 as structurally deficient in the US. So they are having to replace them, but they've kind
 of kicked the can down the road for years and years and years and now. Who has a longer
 life expectancy? Me or a bridge. An average bridge or you? I reckon the bridges probably
 don't drink as much as me, but I get a bit more exercise. Who would you save in the trolley
 problem if there's a trolley who's going to kill a bridge? There's a bridge on top of
 a fat man. Do you push them up? I would love to see a website where it's you and listed
 all the other bridges of America and let's see who wins. Let's see who makes it to the
 end. This is like List Trust versus a lettuce. This is a terrible memento mori which I wasn't
 expecting. It would be a great update that James has outlived another bridge. Bridges
 are not surprise collapse with cars. Engineering and designing a bridge is complicated. Yeah.
 And more engineering is kind of experimental. I mean, less so now we've got computers. Now
 we're in the post borrows, 220 era. But back in the day, you build a bridge, you're over
 engineering a bunch and hope it stays up. But it's only really as good as the load cases
 that have been over it so far. Right. So when they wheeled out cars, I'm not surprised. This
 is a whole new load case. Yeah. Bridges failed. Yeah. They built a bridge in the north of
 England in 1846. It was a railway bridge and it was fine. It was like longer than they'd
 ever built before. So they tensioned it up to make it extra stiff and trains were going
 fine over it. And then they added a bit more rock and aggregate to the top of it to kind
 of protect the sleepers. And that additional mass opened up a new mode of movement for
 the bridge that they'd never seen before. And the next train that went over the middle
 of the bridge was long enough that the middle bit could twist. And they just they just never
 seen that happen before because no bridge had been big enough or had that load put on
 it. That's now Alton towers. What happened? A lot of injuries, five people died. The first
 train that went over after they added this extra rock caused it to twist in a new mode
 in the middle of the bridge that hadn't been seen before. And it'll happen every now and
 then we'll build something bigger or different to before. Yeah. And until you test it, we
 have no I mean now obviously with computers, we can do a lot more modeling and testing
 in advance, but particularly historically, it was a builder and survivor. Yeah. Whenever
 I'm on Instagram and I'm just scrolling through videos, there often is an advert that comes
 up for a game where you have to build a bridge and you have to put the positions of the. Yeah.
 The steel underneath it. And I just watched this ad for minutes on end because every
 conceivable way I think a bridge should be built, it collapses and flips and crashes and
 thank God you're not a civil engineer. Not the first time I thought that to be honest.
 She's saying, yeah, that's right. It's more complicated than we realize. Yeah. But like
 the it was kind of a big deal at the time, although I have to say I've forgotten about
 it until reminded researching this, but like the Millennium Bridge was a big case, wasn't
 it? And exactly as you say, sort of untested was a huge deal. So for our listeners, it
 was a quite beautiful bridge across the Thames in London that was opened in the year 2000
 in the summer. And I think it closed up to two days because it was wobbling, wasn't
 it? It was moving about seven and a half centimetres backwards and forwards. And people felt like
 it didn't sound like a lot. But if you're standing on this bridge, that's earthquake
 levels. Yeah, it's noticeable. And it's because it was able to move from side to side. And
 what I really like about it is Londoners called it the wobbly bridge. They didn't call it
 the bouncy bridge because it wasn't going up and down. It was very specifically going
 side to side. It had this lateral back and forth. They accidentally, when they built
 it, tuned it, I say tuned, it wasn't deliberate. It ended up being tuned to be able to resonate
 at about one hertz. And when a human walks, we take about two steps a second. So we're
 basically a mass going backwards and forwards at a rate of one hertz. And people walking
 across the bridge are naturally walking at a hertz where their body's moving backwards
 and forwards once a second. And it would cause the bridge to move a little bit. But then
 you had this synchronizing effect where because the bridge is moving slightly, people are
 more likely to step in rhythm with it. And so they were all natural dancers. So yeah,
 then it makes it worse and worse. I feel like it's the same as on a trampoline, you know,
 when someone's bouncing and you automatically bounce in sync with them to make them more
 comfortable. So it's quite cool to imagine everyone on Millennium Bridge was walking
 exactly in step. And then all vomiting. Yeah, you got seasickness going over the bridge.
 Is it the case that they had to fix it? Was it dangerous because you could break the bridge?
 It could have got worse and worse. So at the levels it was happening, it wasn't dangerous,
 but no one wants to be on a bridge wobbling backwards and forwards. It genuinely made people
 feel sick. That's why they had to fix it. This is my new entry for how I'd solve the
 trolley problem. I would be on the bridge. I would see the trolley coming and I'd say,
 everyone, let's walk in sync and let's down the bridge. Shake the bridge. Shake the bridge.
 It costs an extra £5 million to fix. It was like on the original budget of £17 or £18
 million to build it. It took them two years and £5 million. Really? They had to add extra
 damping to take out those frequencies. Yeah, yeah. By doing that, they increased the damping
 below one and a half hertz by about 15, 20% and that was enough to stop that runaway feedback
 group. How interesting. So if you got a load of shorter people with shorter legs walking
 along, might it happen again? If you were able to walk at a frequency that... Would it be
 faster or slightly like race walkers? The way it's been designed now, you'd have to
 be running. You'd be at a higher frequency to cause a problem, but you'd have to have
 a lot of people running at once to fall in sync. So if the London Marathon changes,
 dive over. But they do this like people who work on designing football stadiums have to
 make sure the stadium is not accidentally tuned to any of the frequencies where a concert
 that's put in the stadium might match to. What do you mean because then the actual structure
 could vibrate? The whole structure, there's video of people dancing in a stadium. It was
 a football chant that people were doing and you can see the whole structure starts to
 go up and down because they've hit that resonant frequency. Every engineer on the stadium has
 to go, the referee's a wanker. Don't do it to that one. The famous one up near where
 I live is the Broughton Suspension Bridge between Manchester and Bolton which collapsed
 in 1831 and was supposedly because people were marching across it and that resonance
 caused the bridge to collapse. I think that's the first, in my research that's the first
 bridge that collapsed due to resonance. Supposedly, yeah. And the military from then on were always
 told to break step when they cross over a bridge. It is sensible to not walk exactly
 at the same pace if you're going over a bridge, I think. Yeah, actually for the British Army
 at certain points you have to stop playing the music. So, you know, the Trumpeters have
 to shut up as you go over a bridge. So, you can all walk really carefully, not coordinating
 with anyone else's walk. Everyone walk totally randomly and different to everyone else walking
 randomly. You could just put some music that's really difficult to dance to. Yeah. Something
 that lets some Shostakovich, some really sort of... Get all three of the best known violinists.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact. My fact this week
 is that in the board game Rising Sun, players are able to collect monsters that are inspired
 by both Japanese mythology and, by complete accident, a New Zealand farmer. This is the
 board game which they put on Kickstarter. They needed 300,000 in order to get the game
 going but they ended up getting over four million dollars. And so, they had all this
 additional... Well, we might as well add a farmer. That was a stretch goal. One guy from
 New Zealand gets to pick a monster. So, what they did was they said, "Okay, well, as we've
 got all this extra money, what we're going to do is we're going to produce more characters."
 So, it's like a bonus pack that you get. So, one of these monsters is called the Katahi
 and basically, it's described as a Manawa Bradford, a spirit monkey that is very hairy
 and gets engulfed in rage. Are you the New Zealand farmer, Dan?
 I've never seen you consumed with rage. No, but you have seen me naked. It's made him
 pretty angry actually. But yes, so then what happens is the game comes out, all these characters
 are out there and then there's this guy who's online who says, "Hey, I'm actually from Japan
 and I've never heard of this character. Does anyone know anything more about it?" So, it
 sparks off a big, you know, hunt online for people to try and get to the bottom of it.
 Someone eventually discovers that there's a Wikipedia page, legendary Japanese monsters
 that has all the characters on it and in there is an entry for this Katahi and a guy in New
 Zealand, 19-year-old and his buddy Dick and about online, went to this page and they named
 it after him and it just sat there for over a year and the makers of this game went on
 to Wikipedia, cut and paste all of the characters on there, didn't do any additional research
 and ended up using him and so he's immortalised in this game as a Japanese mythological character.
 Awesome. That's just going to encourage more people to edit Wikipedia and that desperate
 hope they'll make it to a ball game. Yeah, that's true and there's this great line
 which says, someone was describing it saying, "This is the most exciting thing to happen
 in Daneverk, which is the rural town where he's from in New Zealand, since someone tried
 to open a brothel there in 2008 and it lasted precisely three weeks." I think, I mean, people
 got really moralistic about it. One woman said she'd sit outside the brothel every day
 knitting to shame anyone who came in and she also said, "I can't see any of our men paying
 a hundred dollars a bonk." Which I can see a lot of her men reading that and going, "Can't
 you love a bonk?" No, I know. She's from the 50s. One of the district council chiefs
 said that brothels were illegal business and the only thing that they could do was impose
 environmental conditions on it and his name was Roger 20 Man, which sounds like something
 on the menu at the brothel. Have we ever mentioned the Anton Deck Saturday night takeaway board
 game? I don't think so. You say that as if we must have been in. The game we play all
 the time. Yeah, we've mentioned it in pretty much every episode. I don't know what you're
 on about. This came out in 2017. It was an Anton Deck board game called Saturday Night
 Takeaway based on their TV show and it was basically a quiz. So you would play the board
 game and get lots of trivial questions. Sounds good. It was, in theory, good, except it was
 just riddled with mistakes. One question asked, "Where is Stonehenge located?" It said Somerset.
 They said that Albert Einstein died in 1949 instead of 55, which is, I guess, you're not
 going to automatically know if that's right or wrong. How about this one? True or false?
 This is not the question. I'm rephrasing the question here. True or false, the moon is
 the same distance from London to Australia. That is incorrect. Incorrect. Yeah, and it's
 incorrect that they said that. They said it was the same distance as London to Blackpool.
 In answer to how far away is the moon, they put 225 miles as the correct answer. It's
 posted 238,000. Wow. The short-lived TV game show Color
 of Money. I only know it from the game in pubs. A bunch of cash machines you could choose
 from. They hired a mathematician to analyze the game for them. A mathematician ran the
 numbers and came back and said, "This is a terrible game. No one's ever going to win."
 They're like, "Oh, no, but I tested it when I was home with the family and my grandma
 won and everyone had a great time." They put the game into production and basically no
 one won. That was it for the game and it was gone.
 That sounds like a good thing for the production company though, right? No, if it doesn't make
 good TV. No one wants to watch it.
 Did they ever think of putting that grandma on the show?
 They should have. Lucky grandma. That's where you're going wrong.
 Just sweep up, take it all home. It's like the fruit machines, pokies. You
 can tune the payout rate. It's not doing ... You're pulling the lever but it's just hitting
 a switch that's then spinning the things. The payout rate is programmed in to be once every
 kind of sell often. It's not even doing something particularly randomly. It's evening out the
 payout rate. You just have to watch and once it's been
 long enough, then you go on ... When I used to work in a bar, we would watch it and if
 no one won all night and people were playing it all night, then once everyone else had
 gone home, we'd put all our tips in and lose all our tips.
 Then we were just terrible at those. For instance, there was a QI quiz machine game.
 Have we said this on here? I don't think so.
 So there's a QI quiz machine game and before it went out, they sent me all of the questions
 so that I could check through them to make sure there wasn't any mistakes and make sure
 that it was kind of QI as it should be. There was probably, I think there was 20,000. It
 might have been more. Anyway, I had a database of all the questions and they put one in the
 pub next to where we worked. Yeah, in Covent Garden, it was a pub down the road.
 This is ... We're going to clean up here and so we went and played and we just lost all
 our money. We just couldn't do it.
 We just couldn't do it. It was ridiculous. Oh my God.
 On Japanese games, in the 1980s, I think it was 1985 or 1986, did you know that almost
 half of Japanese people owned a computer domestically when in the US, for instance, that was about
 9%? In what year?
 I think it was 1985 or '06. I just read it this week, but that's because they all owned
 Famicon, which was a family computer, which was the Nintendo console thing and they were
 all playing Nintendo.
 In 1990, I only knew one person who had a computer in Bolton.
 Yeah, there you go. It was called, interestingly, everyone called it Familycom, and they still
 do, and they still always call it Familycom, but the name is Familycomputer because they
 weren't allowed to trademark it as Familycom because there was an oven released a couple
 of years earlier, which was a Familyconvection oven, which was Familycon.
 Just on board games, cool new weird board games, which are always fun. People always
 coming up with them these days. Have you guys heard of Consentical?
 No and I already regret half hearing about it.
 Go on, guess what it is?
 Yes, you can touch my balls.
 So it's a cooperative card game for two players, and it's about a consensual, crucially, sexual
 encounter between a curious human and a tentacled alien.
 And the way it works...
 I see like tentacle. Not testicle.
 I see Consentacle. Consentical is a testicle one.
 I think Consentical is the one where if you and Mr. Tickle had that.
 There are lots of variations. It's like the trolley problem. It was built on a lot.
 Anyway, so I'm super fun. So you've got these cards, which are things that you might want
 to do to this alien that you fancy with tentacles. So Wink, Gaze, Envelop, Bite, Lick, Penetrate
 is one of the cards, and you convey which card you want to mutually put down with faces
 and gestures. So you make a certain face. I'm looking at Matt, and it's like...
 Not me. I'm looking at that plant over there, doing a lot of copies of those QI books over
 there.
 That looks as penetrate at that plant.
 There's a famous... Is it by Hokusai? There's a famous painting of a woman having sex with
 a octopus.
 Yeah, with an octopus.
 Yeah.
 And a load of octopus scientists looked at it and said it didn't look like the octopus
 was enjoying itself very much, because apparently octopuses have ways of changing their body whenever
 they're mating and stuff like that.
 I think there was a exhibition at the British Museum that had a bunch of these, effectively
 a monster erotica paintings, and in the year that they were there, if you go to the website
 and you looked at the data, there were more searches for that exhibition than there were
 for the opening hours of the British Museum.
 Well, maybe that's what inspired this game, you know. It's like stop having this non-consensual
 sex with octopuses.
 So what happens... Sorry, you put the cards down and...
 I would need to convey through a series of looks and gestures what kind of sex move we
 should make with each other, and then we would look at the table.
 The plants over there can eat it.
 And then you would play a card, and I would play a card, and we would hope that our cards
 mutually matched each other and built trust between us rather than being non-consensual.
 It's snap.
 Yeah.
 It's sexy snap.
 Sexy snap.
 It's snap.
 Oh, snap.
 Oh, snap.
 Yeah.
 It's a really random thing that is a board game I'd love to get my hands on. It's a
 game which you can get in Sierra Leone, which is essential to be played by anyone who's
 trying to obtain a driver's license.
 It's not fully, but it's just the only piece is the car.
 I think you go around the bar and whatever you land on it, ask you a question about the
 highway code.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 So you do the test for two to three months, and then you do the test, and the game supposedly
 gets you ready for the test.
 It's so good.
 I could do with that.
 I'm learning to drive at the moment, and I'm dreading the theory test because it's a big
 old book to read, that old highway code, so a board game would be amazing.
 There you go.
 If you're listening, please, God, make a board game otherwise.
 Please make it as difficult as possible, so I'm not the best.
 Did you guys ever play the game Guess Who?
 Yes, yes.
 Still play it.
 Good on you, mate.
 Yes.
 That was invented by this couple called Aura and Theo Koster, who created a company called
 Theora.
 It's invented in the, I think it was the '60s.
 Theo was actually a classmate of Anne Frank, went to school with her.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Interestingly, his original name was Morris, but he was brought up in the Netherlands when
 it was under German occupation, so changed his name and hid his Jewish identity.
 Yeah, they married, and they became amazing game designers.
 They designed loads of extremely popular games, one of which was Guess Who, and they
 died, one of them died in 2019, one in 2021, I think, both age 90, and their gravestones
 are the Guess Who pop-ups?
 You can flip their gravestone down.
 You can't flip them sadly.
 That would be so cool, but no, you can't.
 What is it?
 What do they have?
 They just have the same design as the Guess Who pop-ups, which are quite similar to an
 actual gravestone.
 Well, guess who?
 You want to be able to split the remaining possible people as evenly in half as possible.
 Yes.
 Because you want to basically do a binary search.
 You want to split it in half each time, and that's the fastest way to get to the final
 answer, and the way you need to do that is by stacking your conditions at once, which
 a lot of other people will claim is cheating or making the game not fun anymore, but you
 can say if it's a man, do they have glasses, or if it's a woman, have they got a hat?
 And there's still a yes or no right response, but now you've used the categories to better
 split the options in half.
 That is so much better than the way we play it.
 Yeah, that's brilliant.
 We always say, does your guy like peas, and you just have to make a judgment.
 Look deep into their eyes.
 Would you trust them with the trolley problem?
 So roughly, how quickly do you destroy the seven-year-old you're playing?
 I wonder, have mathematicians had a go at the other game invented by Aura and Theo Costa,
 which is the, and they made it in the 1970s, the popping out rubber spheres game that's
 become really popular recently.
 I've only seen it because suddenly I'm surrounded by young children.
 Yeah, we've got a few at home.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Do you guys know what I mean?
 The fidgety toy thing.
 Yeah.
 And people are into it.
 Stress ties.
 I thought they were invented by someone who is inspired by a field of breasts.
 You're absolutely right.
 And that is Aura Costa.
 Wow.
 Really?
 She was actually sweetly and darkly inspired by her sister, who very sadly got breast cancer,
 and she had a dream around that time of a huge field of her sister's breasts and woke
 up and went to the game designer and was like, make me a field of boobs.
 Wow.
 Oh my God.
 I had a dream last night where there was a referee in a football match and he tried
 someone off, but he pulled out a rice cake instead.
 Oh yeah.
 Can we turn that into a game?
 Not all dreams are going to be money spinners.
 That should have been her tombstone, a giant robber, a gravestone that you could push down
 into the ground.
 But then what if she pops it back up?
 That is scary.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our various social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram, on Shriverland, James.
 My Instagram is no such thing as James Harkin.
 Matt, I'm standupmaths, pretty much everywhere.
 Yep.
 And Anna.
 You can find us on Twitter, on @NoSuchThing, or on Instagram, no such thing as a fish,
 or you can email podcast.qi.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can just head straight to our website, which is nosuchthingasafish.com.
 You'll find all of our previous episodes up there.
 You'll find a link to Club Fish, our secret members club, where we have lots of bonus
 episodes.
 But most important of all, you should find yourself to a pre-order link for Matt's new
 book, which is coming out this June, you were saying?
 Yep.
 June in the UK, August in the US.
 And where's the best place for them to go?
 If you go to massgear.co.uk, you can get the signed pre-ordered copies by me.
 But you can support your local independent bookshop or anywhere else online to pre-order
 it.
 Remind us what it's called.
 It's called Love Triangle.
 Okay, that's it.
 I'll see you next week with another episode, and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye!
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
