 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 And which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It's kind of a nice such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Triber.
 I'm sitting here with the regular three elves, Andy Murray, Anna Chazinski,
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 to share our favorite facts from the last seven days.
 So again, let's do it.
 Our favorite facts, James.
 My fact is that in 1903, a man called W. Reginald Bray
 posted himself.
 Wow.
 How?
 How?
 He stuck a stamp on himself and walked down to the post office
 and said, I want to be taken to a house, which happens to be his own house.
 And they took him.
 Yeah.
 Was it a slow day for him?
 Finished his book?
 I didn't know what to do.
 He was a bit of a wager, a bit of a practical joker.
 And one of the things he did was he read through all of the post office
 guide and worked out what the smallest and largest things he could post were.
 So he discovered that the smallest item that he could post was 1b.
 And so he posted that.
 And the largest was an elephant, but he couldn't find an elephant.
 So he posted himself.
 What year was this?
 1903.
 1903.
 It sounds like, because there's so many examples of people just testing the limits of the
 posting system.
 Yeah.
 Like just a bunch of practical jokers going, how far can we push this?
 There was a guy who sent an entire building's worth of bricks, because he was building a
 bank in a different city and the cheapest way was just to send the bricks via the post.
 Oh my god.
 Were they individually wrapped?
 No, I think that's what I hoped they were.
 That would be a brilliant admin job for someone that's sticking the stamps on and putting them in.
 Yeah, Alex would love that.
 He sent them at 40 at a time.
 They must have not introduced weight limits then.
 That must have been when they did it by size.
 That's where they brought it.
 That's where they introduced the scales.
 That's when they brought it in, £200 per day, the limit that they then imposed.
 There's a weird history of people posting themselves.
 It's not just this guy.
 There's been a few cents.
 A guy called Mr. Seng.
 I'm not sure where he was from.
 He decided to post himself in a sealed box and he thought it would just be a 30-minute
 journey, but they put him in the wrong pile and he was stuck in there for three hours and
 he didn't make a hole in his box so he could hardly breathe and when they cut him out, he'd
 passed out and when they interviewed him in the newspaper afterwards, he said, "I tried
 to make a hole in the cardboard, but it was too thick and I didn't want to spoil the surprise
 by shouting, 'Wow!' That was a real dedication to a surprise.
 But then he couldn't really jump out and say surprise because he passed out.
 And was it a good surprise or was it like he was a burglar and he was going to jump out
 and then round sack of house?
 Well there was a guy who posted himself, what was it now, okay so there was a guy who decided
 he wanted to cross America and he was called Mr. McKinley, I don't know what his first
 name was.
 And he decided to be better to go in a box because he could charge the postage to his company
 rather than paying for the ticket which you have to pay for himself.
 That's how I get to work every day, it's the same thing here.
 Sorry going.
 Yeah, you're always arriving by second post, don't you?
 Oh snap.
 Oh snap.
 I won't mind but I'm very far the latest of it. So he built the $550 freight charge to
 his employer and climbed into the crate.
 Of course by being in a plane he was lucky, he was in a plane which was like air conditioning
 and stuff but a lot of them, it's very dangerous because they're you know it's very cold
 for you to die in that.
 Do you know you used to be able to send children by post, right?
 Yeah.
 You used to be able to post children around the place.
 Until 1920 was it in the US anyway?
 Yeah.
 It was banned officially.
 And until around then.
 But you would buy the stamps and you would put the stamps on the child's jacket and then
 the child would sit in for example the mail van of the train and they were a bit of post.
 And you could I think you could lump all your posts together because there are pictures
 of children with posts strapped to them and then they turn up and be like not only an icon.
 Just going back to W Reginald Bray.
 Oh yeah.
 He has his own website which I didn't know.
 He's amazing.
 Yeah but the website is absolutely fantastic.
 He collected a lot of autographs so he sent thousands of cards out to people asking them
 to be returned autographed to the Pope or his local railway station master and on the website
 it has this lovely line which is over the years Reginald amassed over 15,000 autographs declaring
 himself the autograph king, a title that was undisputed by his peers.
 Imagine you were like his pretender.
 I think you wouldn't tell him that you had all these autographs and then you go up to him
 and go excuse me you the guy who's got the most autographs in the world.
 Which you mind just signing that and then when he signed it you have a beat.
 Yeah you have one over him.
 Oh that's good.
 That's very cool.
 Yeah.
 So I think you're not allowed to transport helium in any way because it's explosive isn't
 it?
 Yeah.
 They were wrapping helium in a balloon.
 In a rubber.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 So one of the most common questions that gets us to the US postal system is can you mail
 a dog?
 They get this question all the time, says spokesperson Sue Brennan.
 The answer is no.
 Can't mail a dog.
 No.
 The whole point of postman and dogs is that they don't get along.
 Can you imagine a dog in a sorting office?
 It's actually they've worked out how many for some reason they've only done this in Germany
 but three thousand postman a year a bit and buy dogs in Germany and two thousand two
 hundred and fifty five pairs of trousers are torn resulting in eight million pounds worth
 of medical bills.
 In 2001 the German post office started teaching dog psychology to postman.
 It's just it's just a permanent ongoing war.
 Postman.
 Yeah.
 Dog battle.
 Because the postman are not allowed to carry weapons.
 And dogs are?
 They are weapons.
 Oh, that's that's not a mate.
 That's like saying that was it Joe Lewis who had his his fists designated a weapon.
 Jackie Chan.
 I've always heard about this and I've never believed it.
 Is it true?
 I think I think when you say you've always heard it, I think it's me literally repeating
 it.
 Yeah.
 Most days.
 Jackie Chan told Wuppie Goldberg and a number of others on the view that when he's in
 America, he is considered his fists to be an illegal weapon.
 Do you get all of your facts from the view?
 Actually, no, I don't because they're a bit I remember watching an episode where they were
 talking about the possibility that the moon landings didn't happen that it was a hoax
 and Wuppie Goldberg was going, I don't want to like speculate about the truth about it,
 but all I'm saying is, you know, who was filming Neil when he went down on the ladder?
 Who was holding that camera?
 I don't want to speculate.
 It's like, Wuppie, you know, Wuppie Goldberg got her nickname due to her childhood flatulence.
 Oh, yeah.
 She was a big fighter.
 Yeah.
 She, Wuppie.
 Yeah, that's right.
 That's good.
 Yeah.
 And she worked in a morgue, didn't she?
 Yeah, she.
 I might mention it.
 But putting makeup on corpses and then everyone, when she works in everyone's like, what's
 that smell?
 Yeah.
 It's not like people just woke up and walks out.
 Oh god.
 Who was it?
 Did someone send a load of wasps?
 Yes.
 You can make wasps go to sleep and they were sent on a flight and the flight was delayed
 or something and they all woke up.
 You can still buy parasitic wasps through the post and therefore, like pest control instead
 of using pesticides, you can use them.
 And then what do you get mail to you to get rid of the parasitic wasps in the infestation
 that you've now got?
 Then you get a spider to catch the fly.
 Fly, yeah.
 There was always a big flaw in that song because cows don't eat dogs.
 Okay, time for fact number two and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the oldest edible ham has just celebrated its 112th birthday.
 So how do we know it's edible?
 Oh, because it's quite a famous ham.
 It first came to prominence when it celebrated its 100th birthday and someone has since
 bought it and I guess anytime it has a birthday now, people mention it.
 So I wanted to dispute this claim because my local butcher, Mr. Feller, best butcher in
 the world.
 You guys should all go to him.
 And we sponsored by Mr. Feller now.
 I have been past Mr. Feller's place in the cover market and I can confirm there is a very
 old ham in the winter.
 Yeah, so he claims I think he bought it in 1993 when it was 101.
 It cost him 990 pounds but he said he would have paid at least five grand for it because
 it was so special.
 It is now 125 he says and he says that when he bought it from the auctioneer that was selling
 off, they said they weren't sure it was edible, but he's the butcher.
 He should know.
 Why is he not in the news?
 Why is he not?
 It hasn't been proven.
 Hasn't officially verified.
 Is this like the autograph guy?
 Like no one else can be bothered.
 They're like, yeah, we have way older ham dude but like we don't need the title of world
 oldest ham.
 I think he's above that.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 But to the world's tallest man who I think was certified the world's tallest man and then
 he refused to do the tests anymore so they stripped him of his title and I think there
 is another man who is now officially the world's tallest man but actually is slightly shorter
 than the previous man.
 Why did he refuse to be remeasured?
 He doesn't want the hassle of being the world's tallest man because when you're the world's
 tallest man, people come to see you as if you're an attraction.
 I remember reading this odd fact about the idea that there are no children in the town
 not because he's scared them away but just because there's too much hassle to have a super
 tall guy and kids in the same town.
 I can't remember the exact fact but it was...
 It's Operation Here's the Size of a Utrecht.
 Old things that have been eaten.
 A German pensioner who received a tin of American lard 64 years ago in an aid package has
 only just tasted it after discovering that it is still edible.
 Oh wow.
 I just didn't want to throw it away, said Hans Feldmeyer 87.
 So that's the spirit which makes people keep ham for decades when it's just the not very
 nice ham.
 Yeah.
 In 2005 we found a 4,000 year old bowl of noodles in China which I quite like that they're
 still in the bowl and that settled the debate because there's quite a heated debate I think
 between Chinese Arabs and Italians over who first came up with the noodle and that's the
 oldest evidence of a noodle.
 So China's got it at the moment.
 Speaking of well preserved food there's obviously the Kiviac, the Inuit food which is made
 from orcs that are preserved in the hollowed out body of a seal.
 Yeah, so you stuff them in there for seven or eight months and they're completely preserved
 then you get them out and eat them.
 Apparently they're pretty disgusting but that was them.
 So I do quite like the Wikipedia page which is so it's called Kiviac and at the top of
 the Wikipedia page it says not to be confused with Kiviac person.
 So sometimes I think Wikipedia goes overboard with their clarifications then.
 I don't think anyone's looks up there make Kiviac and you never told me you were a food
 stuff that gets preserved in a seal skin for eight months.
 Isn't there a thing with camels whereby if you have poisonous water you get the camel
 to drink it and then it vomits it back up and that makes it drinkable.
 Have you ever heard about this?
 I have not heard that.
 Why didn't you look it up?
 Drinkable because a camel has thrown off in it.
 Why?
 Because it filters it.
 There's something about it's poisonous food or it's water or it's—
 But as website I'm getting is six dangerous urban survival myths about water.
 Actually, I'm reading this page now and it doesn't mention Dan's insane camel
 theory.
 Wow, this is really interesting.
 You shouldn't necessarily cut open those big barrel cacti.
 The odds are that the inside will be tough and fibrous.
 The water contained will not be abundant and also there's a greater chance the water inside
 will be better and acidic which could induce vomiting, diarrhea and cramp.
 Well, at least if you vomits it someone else could drink it.
 Imagine having a magic vomiting camel which purify anything.
 Yeah I think I've got it wrong somewhere.
 I think it's to do with food.
 Google food, camel vomit, survival.
 If anyone knows about this camel weird survival tip then send us a message to @tribalandor.
 I read a thing about how we have been making attempts to create food that last longer.
 So obviously this ham is kind of an anomaly in that it's very old and that's very notable.
 But in the army because they obviously have to have food that's nicely preserved but
 they want people to eat well.
 They've been intempting to make interesting long-lasting foods and sandwiches is one of the big
 things.
 Most soldiers apparently want sandwiches.
 They've currently made a sandwich which can last for two years and not go stale or soggy.
 And the people who made it are trying to work what they're calling an immortal peanut butter
 and jelly sandwich.
 That's the dream.
 So we can be at war forever.
 Right.
 That's what they want.
 One soldier said they're the best two-year-old sandwiches I've ever eaten.
 Did you know that they fill all crisp packets with nitrogen instead of with oxygen?
 So that the crisps don't go off.
 Instead of with air.
 They don't put air in.
 They get rid of all the oxygen in the packets to keep them fresh.
 Yeah.
 Ash was telling me.
 Ash, who is the lead singer of Emperor Yes, who did our theme tune.
 He was saying that when sparkling water is transported overseas, they take the bubbles
 out.
 And then they put the bubbles back in when they reach their country destination.
 Has no one heard this?
 You can.
 No.
 Okay.
 If anyone listening can help me out.
 The real water is they forgot to put the bubbles back in.
 That's when the bubbles have ended up in a different country.
 I do know that when they made you cut coffee, they sell the caffeine to soft drinks companies
 to put into soft drinks.
 Isn't that amazing?
 Yeah.
 I would love to know what caffeine looks like.
 Isn't it funny?
 How you said that, and I just accepted it, and when Dan said it, I just immediately thought
 it was rubbish.
 It's the boy who cried both.
 Okay.
 It's time to move on to fact number three, and that is Chazinski.
 Yes, my fact is that orangutans like playing on iPads, but gorillas do not.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So, this actually started as an April Fools joke by the Sun, and the heading of their article
 was Planet of the Apps, saying how gorillas love playing Angry Birds.
 That would be good.
 And yeah, good old Sun, always wants to have a head with the wit.
 And it gave the idea, and some guy who worked at Milwaukee County Zoo read this article and
 thought, "Hey, actually, Apps rapes, good idea," and started showing gorillas iPads.
 But they didn't like it because so gorillas are feel threatened by direct eye contact and
 face-to-face contact.
 So they do a lot of their interacting sight in a side-long way, and so that doesn't work
 very well with iPads because you can already see it properly, and then as soon as you look
 at it, you feel like the birds trying to attack you, and they smash it.
 Wow.
 Here's the thing about gorillas and eye contact.
 There was a zoo that gave out these glasses, do you remember that?
 And they were glasses with pinholes in, so you could still see them, but they had pictures
 of eyes looking in different directions.
 And the idea was, you would look at the gorillas, but the gorillas wouldn't know that you were
 looking at them.
 Yeah, I think it's Rotterdam Zoo, isn't it, and I think I've been after a woman got attacked
 by a gorilla.
 The only downside, it seems, is that they play on these iPads about half an hour.
 But if you give it to them to hold, they have smashed quite a few in the past.
 So the zookeeper or the staff have to hold the iPad while the orangutans play on it.
 That's right, I think the-
 She's a bit of a hassle.
 I think I read the average length of an unsmashed iPad left alone with an orangutan
 is 15 seconds.
 That's the limit.
 Wow, which is actually the battery life as well.
 I really, really like orangutans.
 I think they're brilliant.
 They're solitary, apparently.
 So they spend all of their time, they know their neighbours by sight, but avoid all contact
 with them.
 So in that sense, not unlike Londoners.
 But they also make a lot of noise to advertise their whereabouts so that they can avoid each
 other.
 It's something rather beautiful and tragic about that, isn't it?
 Just everyone going around saying, "Here I am, don't come near me."
 I can't.
 They're British.
 They're British.
 Yeah.
 They've come up with the idea of showing arangs in other zoos.
 Arangs?
 They don't like that, Andy.
 Yeah.
 They've come up with the idea of showing orangutans in other zoos pictures of orangutans they
 might like to have sex with, they might like to mate with, so that they can do breeding
 programmes rather than going to the hassle of transporting an orangutan across the country
 and then to find out they actually, they don't fancy each other.
 But can they fancy each other through a screen, no wonder?
 Yeah, basically.
 It's like Tinder.
 I don't know.
 Yeah.
 Isn't that weird?
 Is that the younger ones take to the iPads much better than the older ones, the older ones
 are much more set in their ways, saying the same thing?
 An orangutan was the villain in the first ever detective story.
 Oh, what supposed to be the first thing to think about?
 The murder in the remog.
 Spoiler alert, the murderer isn't orangutan.
 Oh, I'm inspired.
 You can't say spoiler alert afterwards, can you?
 And by the way, it was Hamlet's Step Dad, spoiler alert.
 Um, Ash told me, uh, that, gone, gone, I'm apparently dolphins.
 When they, when they start communicating, the words that they'll use to communicate, the
 first word will be their name and then the second word will be the action they're doing.
 So I'd be like, Dan, drinking and they all, they can pick their name as well.
 That does sound more familiar to me.
 I think I have heard that that dolphins use their names.
 That's how you know when someone's about to speak on university challenge.
 It's a dolphin.
 It's a dolphin.
 It's going to be good on.
 Yeah.
 Thompson Edinburgh.
 Yeah.
 Flipper, UCL.
 [laughter]
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Quite useful for people who forget people's names, though.
 Wouldn't that be a great social habit if everyone had to say their own name before they started
 speaking?
 Yeah.
 My life would be a lot easier.
 It's so much better, yeah.
 Um, under European regulations, pigs have to be mentally stimulated because I think
 pigs are quite intelligent, so they get easily bored.
 Um, so they've developed pig chase, the pig video game.
 Have you guys seen this?
 And you can play a video game with a pig as a person.
 And they have this huge screen in their style and there's like a glowing light on it and
 you control the light and the pig snuffles up and follows the light.
 And the aim is to get your finger on the eye pad to make contact with the pig snout on
 the light and then you guide it towards goal and then your score and there's a big display
 of fireworks.
 They're very good at it, apparently.
 That's great.
 I think it's a pig at a computer game.
 I've said that.
 I have a chance of winning.
 You used to be able to play chickens at knots and crosses in America, um, they had these
 machines.
 There was definitely one in Coney Island.
 I'm not sure whether the others were, but there were a few and it was impossible to beat
 them because it's impossible to lose at knots and crosses if you play the right move.
 They were trained to always go in the right place and so you would play these chickens at
 knots and crosses and you could never beat them.
 Wow.
 So if you can't beat a chicken at knots and crosses Andy, I don't fancy your chances
 playing a pig at Call of Duty.
 Okay, now it's time for a final fact of the show and that is Andy Hunter Murray.
 Okay, my fact is that the 1888 encyclopedia Britannica entry for Wales reads "See England."
 Does it mean a place where you can see England?
 Maybe.
 I think it's, so I just thought this would be time to rectify this, you know, historical
 imbalance and poor treatment by Britannica.
 But James, actually, you found something that makes this more complicated or that it's
 not just an example of England being totally, you know, anti-Well show.
 I've seen the assertion on a few websites and I found the text of the actual Britannica and
 it seems like the thing which is entitled England is actually about England and Wales, it's
 about South Britain.
 In the article for England, it says "legal phrasology is not quite consistent on this head,
 but the more accurate description of South Britain is England and Wales rather than England
 only."
 And in the article, they mention England and Wales as the whole thing rather than just England.
 I see.
 That's good.
 You know?
 Yeah.
 So I thought Wales, time for Wales.
 I like Wales.
 It's the largest underground trampoline.
 It's about to launch, yeah.
 Yeah, I think it's open now, I think.
 Yeah, about two weeks ago.
 No, sorry.
 What?
 Oh my God.
 It's larger than St Paul's Cathedral.
 And it's a place that's already famous because it has the world's longest zip buyer.
 Oh wow.
 We'll put photos of the underground trampoline out here because this is unbelievable.
 James, you've got a mug here which has a Welsh word on it.
 Yeah, the Welsh train place, which is the longest single word train place in the UK on
 Anglesy.
 Yeah, can you say the word?
 I can try.
 Go for it.
 It might not be spot on, but it's something like Slamfea, Pugwinga, Kugera, Quiru and
 Robble, Anticilio, Gorgogoch.
 Now, if you've spotted any mistakes in that, right in two James's personal mobile phone
 number, which I'll read out now.
 But the thing about that is that that was a manufactured name.
 Yeah, it's called Slamfea PG, Slamfea, Pugwinga, and they added all the extra bits, I think,
 as a publicity stunt.
 They wanted a record.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, it was a very early publicity stunt where they tried to turn themselves into a notable
 town and it worked.
 There is a place that's already done that.
 There's a place called, oh God, what's it called?
 Britain, Ohio, which has an exclamation mark after Hamilton.
 But they changed it.
 They just voted on it in the '70s, just to put the exclamation mark in, yeah.
 They hadn't just turned themselves into a musical.
 No.
 It sounds like a musical, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 But they wanted more tourists and they wanted more revenue from tourists, so they did that.
 And it worked.
 I think it worked.
 But also, yeah.
 That's the fact that they could come up with put an exclamation mark in their name.
 Well, I mean, it's cost-effective, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 - Flamfer, blah, blah, blah.
 - We definitely get letters for that one.
 (laughing)
 - Say the short one.
 - Flamfer PG.
 I went there because I was in North Wales,
 and it was about a 50 mile drive from where I was,
 but I just wanted to go to that place.
 - Okay. - Okay.
 - And I bought a mug.
 So there we go. - There we go.
 - Now if everyone did that,
 they'd sell 60 million mugs a year.
 So there was a town in America as well
 that claimed to be the center of the universe.
 Danny Wallistered this as a book, 'cause it just
 no one else knew where the center of the universe was.
 - Yeah, it's a mess had something like,
 I've spoken to a lot of physicists and astrophysicists,
 and they said that the universe
 doesn't really have a center.
 So if nowhere else is claiming to have it,
 then I think we'll have it.
 And he claimed there was like a bench or a manhole cover
 or something in the middle of the town.
 He said, right, this is a center of the universe,
 and they put a little plaque up.
 - Amazing. - Good, good, good.
 - I think that was quite fun.
 Yeah.
 So, okay, that was pretty bold of Britannica to do that.
 But you're saying that's a bit of a disputed?
 - No, it's not disputed.
 It's, they definitely did do that.
 And Wales obviously deserves its own section
 in that we have a 1911 Britannica in this office,
 and that has a very large section on Wales.
 So they soon amended it.
 - Yeah, I was wondering if, when you told us this fact,
 where there may be if you turned to England,
 it would have an entry that was like C Wales,
 which did use to happen.
 So there's this guy's written this really good book
 called Reading the OED, it's by Amon Shea,
 and he read the whole OED recently.
 It was before it was re-edited in 2007, I think.
 So he read the OED from before that
 and found a bunch of hilarious stuff.
 One of which was the word un-poetic
 for which the entry just said C.F. below.
 And the word below was un-poetical and it said C.F. above.
 So that was quite a good one.
 - Oh, lovely.
 - There are other excellent ones.
 So there's one that's created for the word
 Disgibeline, which is D-I-S-G-H-I-B-E-L-L-I-N-E,
 and the definition is to distinguish
 as a gwealth from a gibeline.
 (laughing)
 - Well, someone was really proud of himself
 of coming up with that.
 - Sounds like Leah, doesn't it, that.
 - Yeah. - It sounds like a milk gwealth.
 - A gray whale, I'd like to be a friend.
 - A bit friend. - A bit friend, yeah.
 - Friend.
 In the first edition of the Encyclopedia Britannica,
 which is even more basic and rude than the 1888 one.
 Rude is in simple, not as in rude.
 But the entry for woman just says,
 the female of man, C.Homo.
 And the entry on tobacco says that excessive use
 is capable of quotes drying up the brain
 to a little black lump consisting of mere membranes.
 (laughing)
 - They should put that on cigarette packets, shouldn't they?
 - Yeah. (laughing)
 - There was a book, you know in the OED,
 how you have sauces for each of the things.
 So it'll have, what was that word you just said?
 - Discubiline. - Discubiline.
 It would have discubiline,
 and then it would have the sauce for where they found it,
 which book they found it in.
 There are 51 words in the OED,
 which have the sauce, "Meandering's of Memory"
 by someone called Nightlark.
 And no one knows what that book is.
 - Oh. - Did they know who Nightlark is?
 - No. - That's great.
 - Just very quickly on this idea of the mysterious book,
 yeah, I read this story when I was looking into stuff
 about posting yourself across the country.
 In 1976, so starting in 1976,
 residents in a small town called Circleville in Ohio,
 population 13,000, they all started receiving
 these letters, accusing them of various misdeeds,
 and the letters were just anonymous.
 No one knew, but everyone in the town was getting them.
 - Wow. - And they had theories
 to who was sending them.
 There was a theory that it was a writer called Ron Giuseppe,
 who was writing them, but then he mysteriously died.
 But the letters continued coming to them until the 1990s,
 and then they just stopped.
 - It's a bit like, I know what you did last summer.
 - Yeah. - And I know what you did last summer,
 and I know what you did last summer.
 - I don't know what they did last summer.
 I've never seen it.
 - Oh. - They killed someone with a car.
 - Spoiler alert.
 (all laughing)
 - So bringing it back to Wales,
 it does at least get the chance to laugh in our faces
 when we cook up, which we often do where Wales is concerned.
 So street signs are a quite a famous example, aren't they?
 There was that sign that went up in Wales a couple of years ago.
 So there was the English above,
 which said something like, take the next left
 if you want to get to X place,
 and then the translation in Welsh below actually translated as,
 "I am not in the office at the moment,
 send any work to be translated."
 (all laughing)
 - There's a sign between Cardiff and Penarth that tells cyclists
 that they've got a problem with an inflamed bladder.
 That's what the translation is.
 And there's a sign for pedestrians in Cardiff
 that reads, "Look right in English."
 And the Welsh translation below is, "Look left."
 (all laughing)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That's the end of our show.
 Those are all of our facts.
 Thanks everyone for listening.
 If you want to get in contact and talk more about the stuff
 that we've been mentioning on this podcast,
 you can get Andy on @AndrewHunterM, James.
 - @egshaped.
 - Anna.
 - You can email podcast@QI.com.
 - And if you want to get through to me to save me
 from being fired for all of my missbacks,
 and want to help me out on the idea that maybe camels
 do vomit up stuff that we can then re-eat,
 that bubbles are taken out of sparkling water
 and reintroduced into the bottle
 on the other side of the journey.
 I can be gone on @Shryberland.
 You can also go to qi.com/podcast
 where we're gonna have all of the facts
 that we've been talking about as well as links
 to further research, to extra videos and pictures
 of that giant trampoline and so on.
 And we've also got all the other episodes that we've done.
 And you can explore those pages as well.
 We'll be back again next week.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 - Just to add a post podcast addendum to that,
 Dan and Andy are currently absent from the QI offices,
 both performing shows in Edinburgh.
 They've got two shows each,
 so Andy's got ostentatious and fully adur,
 so obviously go to both of those multiple times
 if you're listening, and Dan will be performing
 his stand-up cock-blocked from outer space,
 and he's also gonna be in the Museum of Curiosity,
 which is doing live shows at Edinburgh.
 So anyone who's anywhere near there
 should definitely go to see them, apparently there.
 Apparently they're quite funny.
 And if you'd like to buy any ham, please go to
 Mr. Fellas' Humshop in Oxford.
 Do.
 Best time in the country and the oldest.
 (upbeat music)
 ♪ You follow me ♪
 ♪ I follow you ♪
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
