 [music]
 Hello, everybody. Welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 The podcast. No, no, I'm changing the vowels.
 Um, the podcast spin-off show where we read out some of the best facts that you guys
 have sent us, which are almost all fantastic. My name is Anna Toshinsky and I'm here with my
 esteemed colleagues James Harkin and Andrew Hunter Murray. Hi guys. Hi, Anna.
 I've got a fact here from Denika Edminson, who says the man who made the first drink for the first
 men on the moon was taught to make cocktails by the first woman to fly solo from England to Australia.
 Four. Lot to unpack. Yeah, a man who made cocktails for the first men on the moon.
 The first cocktails for the first men on the moon. I didn't know the first the men on the moon had
 cocktails. That feels like a luxury. Well, it was when they came back. It was the first thing when
 they came back, apparently. What was it? Is that what you thought? Yeah, in the 60s, you wouldn't
 put it past them to say, well, we're going to need a function in cocktail bar and up the lower
 level. We, you know, like, they guys need to relax. They certainly need someone to smoke.
 There's no point having a disco bar if we're not going to have the cocktails as well.
 So, this was made by a barman from the Savai called Joe Gilmore and he would make lots of
 cocktails for different people. So, he made the Churchill cocktail for Winston Churchill, for instance.
 So, he created the Moonwalk, which was Gramani, grapefruit juice, a bit of rose water and champagne.
 And then sent it to America. And then when the guys landed, it was the first thing they drank.
 Okay. So, that's quite a cool connection. But Joe went to work in a bar in London before he got
 to the Savai and someone that turned up and ordered a dry martini. He didn't know what to do.
 He did his best, but didn't make a very good dry martini. And so, the lady who ordered it came
 round and taught him how to make a dry martini. And he was so inspired by that day. He decided to
 go on and become a great bartender, one of the best in history. And the woman who showed him what's
 to do was Amy Johnson. Love it. The famous Aviatrix. Yes. And so, yeah, it's not a great connection that
 Denika sent us. Unbelievable. And Denika said, "I've always found this story amazing, but I might
 be a bit biased as he is my grandfather." Yes! You've buried the lead. Bring it home. Well, I couldn't
 put the lead at the top. Could I? So, this is a fact about someone's famous grandfather.
 Sounds like a statistic, that way. That's a really good fact. And do we know if Amy was also inspired
 by that moment to become a famous Aviatrix? Did she think? She already was. She was. This was in the
 forties, I think. So, she will have already been a while since she did her. She would have not had long
 to live. Yeah. Because the other weekend cycle passed her memorial. Did you? In her and Bay, I think.
 Oh, is it? Yeah. And what does it say, like here, died Amy Johnson from just choking on a martini?
 She flew her plane. I think she crashed into the sea around there just off there. She did. I
 sometimes mix her up with Amelia Reha, who was maybe even by grabs. But Amy Johnson was not even
 by grabs. No. No. No, it wasn't, Amelia Reha, really. But closer to being true. I don't think we know
 exactly what happened to Amelia Reha, do we? I thought she was married to Elvis somewhere. Oh, yeah,
 sorry. They've both moved to Panama. All right, here's a fact. This is from Dan Perry.
 Dan writes, "I'm a filmmaker and I was recently inspired by a supercut that came up in my feed
 of every time the coronation street cast said London in a shocked way." You might have seen this.
 It's a really good one. I've not seen that, but I can imagine it. Ken's gone down to London for the
 weekend. London! Exactly. Not from the West Country because it's a coronation. It's set up north,
 isn't it? London, yeah. Where is Cory set? Manchester. Manchester. Okay. And so there's this supercut
 of all the times. And it's really funny that they say it because it's like, yeah, exactly like that.
 It got me wondering what other phrases and media are used repeatedly. And of course, there's
 I have a bad feeling about this. Oh, yeah. So using a clip database of film, TV and
 adverts, I searched for the phrase from the first time that it said there's a Star Wars film where it
 props up very famously. And it came back with a lot of results, assuming each clip is around three
 seconds, and including paraphrasing, a supercut of this would last two million 77,464 seconds or
 24 days. Oh, no. I got a bad feeling about it. Are you going to play it now? I'm going to play
 something else. Dan has sent in a different supercut. Dan says that supercut might be a tad more work
 than I'm prepared to do. So instead, treat yourself to a supercut I've made of every time Andy says
 moss over the past five years. Are you ready? So ready. So good. I like how sometimes you can hear
 his groaning a little bit. Anyway, thank you, Dan. Maybe spend your time differently next time.
 I've got one here from Robert Taylor and this is about someone called Hippolyte Mej Mourieres.
 Weren't you bells, guys? No. He invented Marjorine. But oh, I have heard of that. You were
 heard of them. Yeah, the competition. Yes, he won lots of awards. He won an award from Napoleon III.
 Well done. Not the most famous Napoleon, but still. But before he was famous, though,
 second most famous. Yeah. Before he was famous for the invention of Marjorine, he was famous for
 creating a method to make 14% more bread from the same amount of raw materials. That's clever.
 And Robert Taylor's, yeah. That seems, I mean, there's a certain thing called the laws of
 thermodynamics that that seems to. I'm going to come in with bubbles. Oh, yeah. Like if you're
 only measuring the outer bread volume, did he invent the bagel? You can't be only met what you
 mean. So if I've scooped out all the inside of a loaf of bread, like I used to do on the way back
 from the shops as a kid, that's still the same amount of bread that I'm playing. Okay, some questions,
 you're on. But what's a fermented little child? I've got another question. Yeah. Did he invent
 the larger loaf of bread in order to sell more butter? Because that was a perfect sense of it.
 That's so good. That's a big graph of sales. Sales are down. What can we do? Guys, I've got
 an idea. Big bread. Literally. He invented a better milling process for grains, apparently,
 which does make sort of sense, right? So I think Robert Taylor is slightly hazy on the details,
 but he said it's possible. He basically invented whole grain bread, but don't quote me on that.
 But next time you have toast and margarine, you can double toast to hipology. I've got a
 fact here from Amanda from Arkansas. Amanda tells us that North Dakota and South Dakota were
 established as states on the same day, which is November the 2nd, 1889. But because there was such a
 heated rivalry between the states, Benjamin Harrison shuffled the paperwork so that no one knew which
 he signed first. Therefore, there is no record of which was signed first and North Dakota and South
 Dakota are number 39 and 40, but it's not that one is 39 and one is 40. I didn't know the states were
 numbered. They're quite often like we're the number one state. We were the 49th state. They do care
 about that quite a lot. How hilarious. But in actual fact, usually North Dakota is called the 39th
 state because of alphabetical order. Usually. Yeah, you can't win, you can't beat that. But yeah,
 I thought, you know what, to me, it sounded like a big old myth that you're not think. Shuffle
 in the papers. Sounds made up, doesn't it? But it does seem like there were contemporary reports
 that they were definitely signed with no one knowing which was first, but whether he shuffled them
 or whether someone else just gave them to him and he signed them without looking at them were not
 really sure. But basically, they're North and South just didn't like each other. It's weird to have
 a big rivalry before you even exist. Your boy is ready to hate each other. It was the Dakota, it was
 like the Dakota territory, right? Yeah. It was one area, but they decided to call it North and South
 Dakota because the South thought that the North was just run by wild folks, cattle ranches for traders.
 They just thought that these people are not good enough so we don't want to be in the same status
 then. Wow. Should have made it one state and then they all would have had to be friends.
 That's how it works. That's how statehood works. Do you want another? Yeah. This one comes in from
 Frederick Howard and it's about a man, a Swedish man called Peter Gunnarrason, okay, who emigrated
 from Gothenburg where we've been. Yes. In the year 1639, we weren't there then. We weren't there then.
 And he went to the USA and he named himself. He gave him to have a new name after a hill in Gothenburg
 where he's the old country, right? And the hill was called Rambeerget and this guy became Peter
 Gunnarrason Rambo, okay? He had also brought some apple seeds with him. This is the most
 grim part of some way I could tell the story. I'm so sorry. This guy, Peter Gunnason, he named
 the apple variant after himself, Rambo. So Rambo was an apple, right? And then, years and years later,
 what's three centuries later, the author David Morrell was looking for a strong name for a
 protagonist for his novel, First Blood, and he was given a Rambo apple by his wife and he'd
 like the sound of the name. Imagine if he got given a pink lady. That would have been a very
 different film or a Gerrally Smith. Still no good to carry it off. Yeah, so that's amazing.
 Oh no, that's where Rambo comes from. It comes from this guy and it comes from this apple and it
 comes from this hill. It doesn't come from Arthur Rambo, the poet. The poet. The poet. Famously
 played by Leonardo DiCaprio in one of his early roles. Oh, okay. I actually know his entire
 over from when I was obsessed with him. Yeah, if you ever want to know any of it. It is very
 interesting your pop culture references, which are sparse and few. Thank you. But they include Leonardo
 DiCaprio, friends and Marbon number five. It's pretty much it. I don't think you need anything else.
 It's a ziff. There was a year. It was a ziff. There was a year after which you just checked out of
 everything. Probably around the turn of the millennium. I don't know what happened that made you think,
 you know what, I'm out. It was a big party. I took some things I shouldn't have and my memory
 ends there. That is incredible. What a great fact. I even loved this from Alan Morrison, which is
 that the woman who designed the modern kitchen had never cooked. It's because I love learning about
 this woman who I'd never heard of Marguerite Shuttola Hotsky and what she designed is the built-in
 kitchen. She lived to be 103. So she invented the kitchen in 1926. She didn't die until the year 2000,
 the year that my pop culture knowledge ends. On her 100th birthday, she was interviewed and this
 is when she revealed that she'd never cooked. She said that her mother always cooked at home and then
 she said that when she left home, she just went to the restaurant or the pub to eat. So she said,
 "I designed the kitchen as an architect, not as a housewife." Right, so she was an architect and she
 got the gig of designing. She just decided to... Well, she can't have been commissioned by anyone
 to say we need to sort out this kitchen thing. Sorry, she went to the pub every night for dinner.
 I mean, I know your pipe was very important. Let's do this. That's a leave art. So she says,
 she lives next to a weather spoon. I think she must have, because I'm not sure she was particularly
 loaded. There was a different time. Well, there was a thing a few of people having kitchens, wasn't
 there? Like, and even today, there are big bits of the world where just everyone goes out to eat
 because people like, they put a place like Hong Kong, have a much bigger dining out culture, because
 it owns a small and you naturally, you might not like food. Like, food carts as well. Yeah, you get a street
 food cheaper food. She named one specific pub, actually, but I can't remember what it was called.
 So she was obviously a regular there. She must have got very bored of the menu.
 Yeah. I hope it was extensive. But yeah, she did. No, I had to follow Gwish again. Yeah.
 Two pipes of ruddles. Extraordinary that she lived to a hundred with her diet.
 Let's be honest.
 Stephen Cochran tells us that in 2018, an anonymous testicle checking booth debuted in New Zealand.
 Brilliant. To check for that you've got them.
 You've got to check them. You've got to check them. You do have to check them,
 isn't it? You might have a lump. You might have something turning up. It's exactly that.
 And it's that they thought that maybe Kiwi men would be a bit embarrassed to go and see the
 doctrine, you know, walk them out onto the table. And so instead, there's a little booth and you
 would go in and you know, like, you're like, if you got to the seaside and you put your
 it was like one of those, but upside down so that you would just put your fantastic
 the image is like a bowl of Kiwi fruits. But then you put your testicles in.
 But yeah, it's a really good idea, I think. I mean, anything to get people to check themselves
 is going to be useful, right? I would feel more embarrassed clearly going to the
 big centre of town, anonymous testicle checking booth because everyone can see you going in there.
 We probably don't put the side up outside of big neon writing. Well, they should be. We probably
 put like, you know, local library or something. So you go in. Just go into the library.
 Go to the library lot. You've seen it four or five times this week. What's going on?
 Like you don't worry, don't you trousers? I know you're reading Winnie the Pooh and Enjoying it, but
 Why would you go four or five times a week to the testicle checker?
 It's sometimes nice. I think you misunderstood it. It's nice to check.
 One more time. It's to me, you know, for a bit of company.
 No, sure. So if you have a contact, it's going to be okay. It'll be a need to get you through the day, Andy.
 Oh dear. That's a good, that's a good fact.
 No, well, it's, it's a very good thing for people to do. Absolutely. Absolutely.
 I'm sure we've only made Kiwi people feel more comfortable about doing it with this conversation.
 Was that, you said, when you put you through, there's a picture of a bowl of kiwi fruit,
 something else? Is that because it was in kiwi? It was a museum thing.
 Well, it was also that testicles might look like kiwi fruit. Absolutely.
 It worked on two levels. I was trying to think of other pictures they would work in.
 Okay, go on. I think there's a bowl of potatoes or something on the table at the last supper.
 Oh, yeah. Probably a bit of sacrilegious.
 I was thinking of one of those. Is he called Archambolo? He's like an artist that does like
 faces, but they're all vegetables. That's good. But you'd have to paint them for that.
 Yeah. It would be very, you'd need to camouflage them somehow.
 Purple eyes, eyebrows, plums. Anyway, I'm sorted.
 Here's one from Andrew Wilmot came across this today and was surprised to discover this
 unexpected eponym in the bagging area. So I'm telling it up front.
 This is a name related thing. Great. Why is gas called gas?
 Come on. It's just a very old word for wind or something.
 So petrol, gasoline. Why is it called gasoline?
 Oh, after cassel or something. There was a guy called John Cassel who invented
 gasoline and it got degraded to gasoline. Now, I went on a bit of a rabbit hole on this because
 if you read the surface level, dictionaries do not support this etymology. Says the media.
 Oh, really? And then you go to the OED, the gold standard, and it says it seems possible that
 it was from gasoline, which he sold in 1862. And then by 1864, a rival merchant had changed it
 to gasoline. And I just think that clip surely that's gasoline to gasoline. I mean, I think we
 might have touched on this on QI and I think we fell on the angle of it being true, I think.
 I think it seems likely. That's so good because it's always been so confusing.
 And you did mispronounce it at the start, which is why we were confused. Of course, it's why
 it's gas called gas. Gas, because gas, I thought you were talking about gases in the state of matter.
 Our gas, British gas. Sorry, not British gas. Not British gas. Not British gas, though.
 That is sold as a liquid, the stuff here. English gas.
 I mean, it is confusing because when you say you burn gas in a boiler or whatever, that is a liquid.
 Gas boiler. It's all bad in '90, yeah. It is.
 Petrol as gas, which is a liquid, that doesn't cook. We should go back to calling it gas.
 Caz. Cazaline. Cazaline, yeah. Okay, I'm down.
 Great. Let's start it. It might as well get happened.
 When you drive into the petrol station next time and you shout at the guy in the booth,
 I'd like some Cazaline, please, come out and look lively. What do you mean you're not a
 latterly, the booth? I've got a crisp half crown here for you, young man.
 It's a testicle guy again. Just don't serve it. It'll go away.
 Okay, that's probably enough for this week, isn't it? I've had enough.
 More great facts, one and all. And I think it's time now to bestow some facts.
 So we have some facts that we've mentioned on the podcast before. We're going to give them to some
 very special fact Cazalines to look after for the rest of their lives. Has anyone got one to kick us off?
 All right, here's one. And this one goes to Amir Sokolowski. And Amir, your fact is,
 Napoleon loved roast chickens so much that his household chefs were constantly cooking some
 in case he wanted any. Constantly cooking some roast chicken. Those battles must have smelled
 delicious. Yeah, I think that's why we kept the wall going. That delicious smell. So wasteful.
 How much chicken was chucked away? Yes, there is a story about Sarah Ferguson, the Dutchess
 of York doing exactly the sort of thing I'm afraid in the new book about her and Prince Andrew.
 Really? Basically, it sounds like there's a whole roast pig on the sideboard every night,
 and they will have some crisps and then leave the roast pig on the sideboard. It's not good.
 Isn't it the story that King Prince Charles used to get ten boiled eggs every morning and then
 choose which one was cooked the best? I have heard that. I think that might not be true. It feels
 like it can't be true. It feels too good to be true. How can he tell which one's cooked the best
 before you've opened it? Well, you have to open them all up. He opens them up. You have a little
 guillotine. Well, no, that's probably a source object. With Napoleon, did he have someone who was
 carving it all the time as well? Did he just pull the bone apart himself? Didn't see it coming.
 Didn't see it coming. You see the look in his eyes? You think there's danger ahead?
 Lovely. Yes, I do. This one now is under the custodianship of Paul Sanders, and it is the fact
 that IMDB was originally just a list of actresses with beautiful eyes. Oh, it was creepy.
 I think that's creepy. Everyone's got beautiful eyes, haven't they? Have they? What? You think everyone's
 got beautiful eyes? Well, I think it's a nice thing you can say to someone. You've got beautiful eyes.
 But that just means that half the time you're lying. No, I think it's very hard to get in. What do I
 try to say? Hang on. No, I like it that you think everyone's got beautiful eyes. I think everyone's
 got lovely eyes. So that means that when you told me yesterday that I had beautiful eyes,
 that doesn't mean anything because I think everyone's got beautiful eyes. I was only saying that
 I said you'd feel my testicles in the booth. I'm sorry. I think he wasn't creepy. I remember this guy
 and also it's not like beautiful breasts, is it? You know, it's kind of innocent compared to what
 happened to the internet afterwards. It was on a little intranet, wasn't it? Yes. Didn't you find,
 aren't you on Feet.com or something? I haven't certainly haven't put myself on. Why do you know
 it's called Wiki Feet? It's a meme. It comes up all the time. It's suspicious. What? You put them up there.
 Getting out of control. Andy, how do you keep it under control? It's very difficult, isn't it?
 Okay, another one. This is for Alan McCormack. This is that the word fascinate literally means
 the embodiment of the divine fallace. This is always one of my favourites because fascinate felt
 like such a QI fish word. We do stuff that's fascinating and it's just all about penises and this
 is because it comes from a fascinum in Latin, doesn't it? A phallic shaped and holy amulet. I didn't
 remember that. I don't know. Should we have another? Yes, let's have another. This goes out to
 Shiv Taylor and it's that the 2015 French Scrabble champion Nigel Richards doesn't speak a word of French.
 He must know we are not, but basically he doesn't speak French. That's the thing. And didn't speak French.
 And I think he's won more languages because he just memorises the word lists. He's good at maths,
 not French. And if you're good at Scrabble, if you're really good at Scrabble, you have to be quite good
 at maths. I think that's it, isn't it? What, like just like memorising? memorising then also logic, like
 where to put things. Yeah, that's it. Not putting a word down which opens up something to your opponent
 is quite an important part of it. Although you have to be able to double and triple stuff for
 the triple word schools. So it's only at the highest level. Someone's doing that for you.
 You've got to do it yourself. And if you fog it up, you're disqualified straight away.
 OK, I've got one more here. This one is now under the custodianship of Katelyn Partridge.
 Katelyn, your fact is that the world's only venomous frogs headbutt the enemies to death.
 Pretty cool. Yeah, really.
 So far raises the question why they're venomous if they're so good at headbuttting things.
 No, as in the venom is in their head. Oh.
 It's not like you know what, I'm going to headbutt you and if this doesn't work, I'm going to
 get you with the venom. OK, OK, the venom's in their heads. I think so, yeah.
 Spike, spike on the head. Like a unicorn. Yes.
 Are unicorns venomous? Nobody knows.
 Those, the really interesting thing about those venomous frogs is like the really tiny ones.
 They're like really colorful and you see them in zoos and stuff.
 And then the side says this is the world's most venomous animal or whatever.
 But in actual fact, that frog is not venomous at all.
 And it can headbutt you as much as it likes, but you'll be absolutely fine.
 And that's because they get the venom from what they eat.
 And when they're in zoos, they don't eat the venomous stuff.
 And so the ones in the zoos are absolutely fine. There's nothing wrong with them.
 Oh my god. That is a really good.
 It's a really good thing to say to people when you're in a zoo.
 It's staff and stuff. I bet that's really not cool.
 I don't say to the staff. I say it to the people who come with me.
 And the thing is like because I am so tedious, it's always a different person.
 And I never got to a zoo with the same person twice.
 No, I can imagine. You never got to go anywhere with the same person twice.
 Just this podcast every week, because you guys turn up to also that thing of a venomous frog
 that's not venomous because it hasn't eaten the thing.
 It feels like absolutely classic Jonathan Creek to me.
 That would be the way someone would die in a Jonathan Creek.
 And it turns out that the zookeeper had been or someone at the zoo had been feeding the frog
 the venomous stuff so it would kill the person.
 And the mystery was that then they tested the thing and it wasn't venomous.
 Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I can see that it needs work, but it's a good start.
 So for the reboot, I never watched Jonathan Creek come, sorry to say.
 It's not that kind of thing at all.
 I believe it's really good. I think it's good.
 I mean, I've only seen a few, but it is that kind of thing.
 It's convoluted murders and Jonathan Creek's clever.
 Is he a magician or something?
 Yeah, he's a magician who lives in a windmill.
 Yeah, it's fantastic. It's the best thing Alan Davis has ever done.
 No, he's absolutely fantastic. It's very, so satisfying and clever.
 How about another fact then?
 So this is a fact. So I'm going to start with the fact this time.
 And then I'll say who we're giving it to.
 The fact is that the larger Pacific striped octopus catches its prey by sneaking up behind it
 and tapping it on the shoulder.
 And that fact is for Anton Del Bar.
 Anton Del Bar, there you go, a sneaky octopus.
 So cool.
 And this was, I think this is one of mine from back in the day.
 And it's that it taps it on the opposite shoulder to the shoulder it's on.
 Octopuses have quite long arms, don't they?
 Beautiful.
 So reaches around taps it.
 And the thing thinks something's coming from the other direction
 and runs straight into the octopus's mouth.
 It's very clever.
 Oh, I'm embarrassing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You're like an idiot.
 Here's one that goes out to Sophie Williamson.
 Sophie, your fact is that defunct sports from the early 20th century include archery golf,
 boxing on horseback and competitive flagpole sitting.
 Yes.
 It was that we almost have to specify that written down archery golf is hyphenated.
 Otherwise, it did almost unlike you said archery golf.
 That's a good point.
 It's archers and golfers competing for the same hole.
 Yeah.
 So you go to wherever you've fired or hit the ball too,
 and then you get to have your next stroke slash shot from there.
 Is it, and is it equally difficult?
 I don't know, I'm deferred against on this.
 Well, I find golf a lot easier.
 That's mostly because I've played golf many thousands of times in my life,
 and I've done archery once.
 And you caught your wrist, didn't you?
 No, I caught my nipple.
 Oh.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I was with that.
 Why would I?
 Because it was with me.
 I actually want you to put your nipple.
 You still managed to beat me.
 Did I?
 Damn you.
 Maybe that's a trick.
 I didn't have to catch my nipple on the way.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 I wonder if the arch is allowed to fire at the golf ball or vice versa.
 It's tried not cure opponent out of the way.
 It's a fun idea.
 And we took a lot about flag ball setting,
 which is a really fun competitive sport.
 Yes, and sort of has a great history, doesn't it?
 Because it's the style lights.
 Everywhere.
 Those people who sat on poles hundreds of years.
 Thousands of years, great pedigree.
 They weren't doing it for the sport,
 but they were doing it for the enlightenment.
 But I mean, the effect is the same.
 What's the, what's the skillful part of this sport?
 Not falling off.
 Yeah, really?
 It's all about balance.
 It's got to be partly about balance.
 That's not, isn't it?
 Not coming down for a pack of crisps.
 There were all sorts of, I don't know, he's come down.
 He's come down for a pack of crisps.
 For the third time this season,
 he's come down for a pack of crisps.
 And again, Andrew Huntamari,
 I'm afraid, has lost in the first round
 that the flag falls sitting in my position.
 Oh, it's embarrassing.
 It's monster munch as well.
 I don't believe it.
 I look over at the stand
 where my sponsors are looking absolutely furious.
 We'll find this guy two million quid.
 I just sponsored my Hula hoops.
 Okay, very good. All right, James.
 Final one for the day is for Yelka Ludolfi.
 And Yelka, your fact is that the first ever pencils
 were used to draw on sheep.
 Beautiful.
 From Andy's famous trip, I believe.
 The Kessik Pencil Museum.
 And that's all we got time for, Anna, I think.
 Please, let's not get back to reminiscences.
 We'll never get away.
 Such a good place.
 Yeah, and you've been there as well, James.
 Oh, yeah. By used to live up there, like.
 Oh, yeah, I made a special trip.
 It was a time of personal crisis,
 which I don't like to go into now.
 But it was a very bright spot, I'm with the gloom.
 Yeah, I'm sure.
 That's a lot of fun to slate mine.
 To absolutely stand out days.
 Hang on. So does this slate go to the Pencil Museum?
 Did you go and see where it started and then where it ends?
 Do you know what? They haven't worked that together,
 and they should do, because that's much better.
 That would be a whole day out, wouldn't it?
 I mean, that's a PR coup.
 I mean, they're both a whole day out in and of themselves.
 But you could, like, for people who go up for the weekend,
 you could get, like, a double ticket.
 Absolutely.
 Saturday at the Pencil Museum.
 Sunday at the Slate Museum.
 Two for one.
 It's a dream come true.
 It is for any honeymoon.
 Okay, well, should we wrap up there?
 Yes.
 Okay. Well, thank you so much for listening.
 And that's all of the facts that you've sent us for this week
 and hope you enjoyed the facts that we've bestowed upon you.
 Of course, if you want to send us some more facts to potentially be read out
 on the next or a future little fish,
 write to podcast@QI.com
 and he will filter through them all.
 He'll get rid of the crap.
 And he will choose your great fact
 for us to read out on the next episode.
 And if you want to listen to No Such Things The Fish,
 the big show, big fish, then please come back again in a few days' time.
 And failing that, we'll see you here on Little Fish again next week.
 Can I just say, if your fact hasn't been read out yet,
 it's not because it's crap.
 Thank you.
 Necessarily.
 Not necessarily.
 It might be that we just haven't got to it yet.
 Just keep listening and find out.
 But if it hasn't been read out in, like, five years' time
 and you've already sent it, then give up.
 Maybe, maybe.
 Or maybe just send again, Andy might've missed it.
 Thank you.
 Okay.
 Well, I feel that you've given everyone's egos a real boost today.
 That's what I'm here for.
 Okay.
 Over and out.
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
