 And welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covern, Darden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski, James Harkin and Andrew
 Hunter Murray and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with you, James Harkin.
 Okay my fat this week is that it used to be thought that you couldn't testify in court
 if you'd seen a crime through a window.
 This is such an amazing fact.
 This is incredible.
 But it used to be thought but it wasn't the case.
 Well it certainly wasn't the case in the late 19th, early 20th century when these news
 reports which were sent to me by a guy on Twitter called Richard Tisdale at Ritchie T1892.
 I think people often put the date they were born as their number don't they?
 But I don't think he was born in 1892.
 But this would explain why he knows about four cases from the late 20s.
 That's true.
 But he sent me a few different articles.
 One for instance was an article entitled Extraordinary Belief in Shrewsbury and it was an
 1928 report about this person in Shrewsbury who thought they'd seen a crime but they thought
 they couldn't really be sure that they'd definitely seen it because it was through a window.
 And he sent me some others.
 There was one in Wolverhampton, one in Lincolnshire, one in Ireland and the Irish one gives
 a bit of extra material that it might be that this is because old glass used in windows
 was often warped or blurred so maybe in the olden days you couldn't really see through
 a window very well.
 But then kind of folklore carried on and people actually thought if you saw a crime through
 a window you couldn't be a reliable witness.
 So always carry out your murders in a greenhouse or?
 So these people are just people who saw crimes and didn't report them because they were
 like well my testimony will be useless?
 Or there were people who were in court and the judge said so did you see the crime and
 they said well I kind of saw it.
 It was through a window so it might not be true.
 This completely invalidates the film rear window as a plot line.
 Yeah.
 You didn't see anything.
 You didn't see shit.
 What would have happened to me because I wear glasses.
 I've got two windows on my face.
 You can't see anything.
 You think you can?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 It's all those crimes.
 But it's not the windows were hard to see through because obviously in the very old
 in days enough until probably about two to times then yeah as you say glass would warp
 and you couldn't really see probably through a window and I think in ancient Rome when
 they started making windows out of glass then it wasn't to illuminate a room and it wasn't
 so that you could see through it.
 It was just for decoration and insulation because the glass was so opaque basically.
 Maybe it was because of stained glass so people were sort of reporting Jesus's crucifixion
 and then realizing oh no hang on that's just that's part of the window I'm not going
 to fall for that again.
 I see an actual crime.
 Yeah.
 No.
 Yeah.
 I mean, yeah.
 It's a theory isn't it?
 We've mentioned before that the Inuit peoples used to use walrus penis membrane as a window.
 They did.
 And actually I would be quite annoyed if I was successfully prosecuted for crime I committed
 through a walrus penis membrane.
 Because we've seen pictures of these walrus penis membranes and they're not fully transparent
 they're not I would say they're not even slightly transparent.
 They also made windows out of oyster shells which again they're not transparent at all but
 they kind of let a little bit of light through same with the membrane actually.
 So I don't know when something stops being a wall and starts being a window isn't it?
 For me oyster shells are just on the wrong side of the divide for each their own.
 This is my beautiful new brick window.
 Did you ever get told off by your parents with the phrase you make a better door than a
 window?
 No.
 Oh.
 As in you're standing in the way.
 Basically when I was young and standing in front of the telly in between my parents and
 the television they would say you make a better door than a window meaning you are opaque.
 But apparently this doesn't now prohibit me from being a window if I choose to be.
 Why were you standing in front of the TV?
 Were you like look at me, look at me guys, I'm looking at the TV, I'm a performer, I'm playing
 a door.
 I think I was probably closest to the tree for my life to a bit.
 Windows back in the day and I'm talking specifically the year 1590.
 We're very very sort of treasured and they were just for that one year.
 1590 was the big window year.
 Basically if you had windows you treated them almost as a separate object to your entire
 house.
 For example there's accounts of people in their wills leaving the house to say the wife
 but the windows to the sun, the family yeah.
 And there's a castle called Annick Castle and again 1590 this is roughly the time this
 was reported when the residents of that castle went on holidays or were just going out for
 a long time.
 They would take the windows off and store them so that nothing would happen to them while
 they were gone.
 That's ridiculous.
 So they can't get stolen but I think yeah exactly.
 But then everything else in the building can get stolen because it's nothing in the windows
 just got empty with their friends.
 You might know this done.
 Do you know why Annick Castle is famous?
 No.
 It's where they film the first series of Black Adder.
 Oh they also film some of Harry Potter there.
 Did they know?
 But I think it had been famous for quite a few centuries before even Black Adder.
 That's probably why they chose to film there as opposed to no one have ever heard of
 it.
 Yeah.
 How would they find out?
 Do you think that would cause family tension if you inherited the windows and the other person
 inherited the house?
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 100%.
 You'd be like, yeah.
 Stop locking through my windows.
 Yeah.
 Stop living in my house.
 What do you do with them if you don't have a house to attach to?
 I think you just branched your mom that she's cold all the time and there's nothing she
 can do about it.
 Yeah.
 I got some stuff on witnesses and oh yeah.
 In Burma, or as it was, now my mom, in the old days you had to do an oath if you were in
 court.
 You probably still do.
 But the old days it was 370 words long and it was like, I will speak the truth.
 If I speak not the truth, may it be that when I and my relations are on land, land animals,
 such as tigers, elephants, buffaloes, poisonous serpents, scorpions, etc. shall seize, crush,
 and bite us so that we will certainly die.
 Let the calamities occasioned by fire, water, rulers, thieves and enemies oppress and destroyers
 till we perish and come to utter destruction.
 May we be seized with madness, dumbness, blindness, deafness, leprosy and rabies and may we be
 struck with thunderbolts and lightning and come to a sudden death.
 Wow.
 I mean, that's worse than swearing on a Bible.
 Yeah, really.
 Well, they're more honest in the olden days because they really hit home how bad it was going
 to be if they weren't.
 I think so.
 I mean, that's pretty bad.
 If you tell a lie and all that stuff happens to you and your family.
 Yeah.
 But then, I mean, it's very easy to refute.
 As soon as one person hasn't had all of those things happen to them and you would have heard
 about it wherever you were if they did, then you go, well, this thing's obviously polyx.
 Yeah, but I guess what that means is that people always must have told the truth, right?
 Right.
 So in court, they always did.
 Yes.
 In the olden days where the Bible used to in Ireland, you'd have to kiss the Bible, but people
 would just slip their thumb in the way so they kiss their thumb instead of the Bible because
 they were scared, obviously, if they kissed the Bible and told a lie that something bad would
 happen to them.
 I still think something bad will happen to you.
 I think something bad will happen if you believe in it and you also then get out of it
 by kissing your thumb.
 Do you think so?
 Yeah.
 But if you believe in something, you can make other rules up, right?
 Like if you have your fingers crossed behind your back, which is the pivotal scene in the
 Truman show.
 Like she didn't get married to Truman by crossing her fingers behind her back technically.
 That's what she believes.
 Does that have legal basis?
 Well, he's a lawyer in that film, so he would know, and I think yes.
 Is he a lawyer?
 I think you're a lawyer.
 I think you're a lawyer.
 I think you're a lawyer.
 I do.
 Well, but in "Lia-Lia," he had his fingers crossed all the way through, so it shouldn't
 really be called "Lia-Lia."
 That's true.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that American pioneering explorers Lewis and Clark have been tracked via
 their poo.
 Mm.
 I mean, we tracked them already via their extremely detailed journals.
 But what was that journal written in that?
 This is very interesting.
 If by chance you don't happen to know who Lewis and Clark are, they were explorers who
 in 1804 were trying to find a source from the Missouri River to the Pacific, so they went
 on this big track.
 It was a 28-month-long track, and along the way, it's a historic track in America, and they
 know many of the spots that they went to, but they don't know exact locations, and they've
 always wanted to find out exact locations.
 Many people have gone out and seen where trees have been chopped down, where all bits of camp
 have been left.
 But many people have explored since then, and so there's no identifiable way of saying
 for sure that that is Lewis and Clark, some 200 years ago.
 So what they have realized, though, is that Lewis and Clark, when they went on this expedition,
 their whole team was taking this special little pill called Kalamel, which was used to treat
 syphilis, but also constipation.
 Because while they were out on these missions, they were eating such raw, weird food.
 They needed to blitz their body of all this stuff in one foul swoop, and so they used
 these.
 And they would take a day to sort of dig a latrine and the entire camp would go into there.
 To dig a latrine?
 Yeah.
 They wanted to come 28 months.
 They'd probably need to get toilet.
 I like the way you said, I don't know if you actually said this, but it sounded like
 you said one foul swoop.
 It did, yeah.
 Yeah.
 That was the pun that I definitely was making, so yeah, thanks for picking that up.
 But I'm missing the main point of this fact, which is inside this pill was mercury.
 And it was mercury that was flushing them out, and mercury doesn't degrade.
 So what they've been doing is going along the tracks and looking for high levels of mercury
 in the ground of these latrines, and they've been finding them, and now they know the exact
 locations of where they were pit-stopping along the way, some 200 years later.
 Their poo mercury is still sitting there in the ground.
 So cool.
 Yeah.
 Is that the trace you want to leave on earth, of yourself?
 It's not the only trace they've left.
 As you say, they'd have to credibly detail heroic textbooks and stories and things.
 But syphilis was a massive problem on that trip, wasn't it?
 Because in fact, STDs, generally, because it was Lewis and Clark, and then they had this
 big expedition of people with them, and there was loads of shagging.
 So all the men except Lewis slept with lots of the Native Americans that they found,
 loads of the tribal women.
 And so there was a lot of exchange of STDs, and syphilis came to Europeans from Native Americans,
 and then I'm sure we, in return, gave Native Americans smallpox, smallpox, yeah, and hundreds
 of other things.
 How do we know that Lewis didn't sleep with anyone?
 Because the other people who were on the expedition commented on the fact that he was really
 like a bit.
 He left extremely detailed reports of not having sex with him.
 Yeah.
 That's what I was going to say.
 It sounds like he was in charge of the diary.
 I think...
 Do your wife.
 Everyone but me.
 Well, these pills were called thunder clappers, because they were so big and so violent in
 the effects they produced on your stomach.
 Yeah.
 Their official name was Dr. Russia's Billious Pills, but they were known as thunder clappers.
 And they were big.
 They were like four times bigger than a normal pill that you might take an aspirin or
 anything like that.
 Wow.
 You guess you just break it in four and then you're okay, but even so, that would look frightening.
 Yeah.
 Coming at you.
 But it was weird, because they were sent off by Jefferson, weren't they?
 Yes.
 He was behind it.
 And he thought they were going to find enormous woolly mammoths instead.
 Yeah, he did.
 And giant sloths.
 Effectively, they were on a big-foot hunt.
 They were looking for cryptids.
 They were looking for mythical...
 Well, they were looking for the Pacific.
 Yeah.
 Were they?
 It sounds like they were looking for woolly mammoths.
 He said you might find some woolly mammoths on your way to the Pacific.
 And if you do, please make nose.
 And he said there was another theory that Jefferson had.
 They might meet a race of Welsh-speaking Native Americans.
 Oh, yes.
 They did not.
 But they did meet some Native Americans who could swear in English, because they'd met
 traders.
 Yeah.
 One of them ran up and just said, "Son of a bitch."
 Yeah.
 To be really.
 Yeah.
 That was how they knew they were close to the Pacific, in fact, wasn't it?
 Oh, really?
 Really worried they were so lost, America was much bigger than they'd realised, and they
 weren't getting to the Pacific.
 And then suddenly, they started noticing that the tribe's people, who up until that point
 had never seen a white person before, were suddenly wearing, kind of, British sailors' outfits
 and, like, sailing hats.
 And yeah, all the phrases they knew were, yeah, "Son of a bitch" and all me artis and
 musket and downed rascal and stuff like that.
 And selling t-shirts that said, "My dad went to the Pacific, no, that's not a silly t-shirt."
 Exactly.
 Because that's obviously the only way that they could have come across any white people.
 Yeah.
 Also, they were basically covered in mosquitos all the time.
 The Mosquito clouds were so thick around them that all their meals, they had to eat over
 the smoke of a fire, because obviously mosquitos don't really like that.
 And even then, as they were eating their meat, dozens of mosquitos got in the way, as they
 took huge bite.
 Oh, my God.
 So they were constantly eating mosquitos.
 And Lewis spent a third of his budget on anti-mosquito devices and other things like
 that.
 And they said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 And they said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 They said, "Oh, look at that."
 Dear wife, we've definitely only even one dog.
 Oh, just remember, they also dogs accept the one dog
 that there was their Labrador companion along the way.
 Okay, so they brought 200 and one dog.
 It's a different story, isn't it?
 201 Domations.
 Louis got a shot on the expedition by one of his own men,
 and it was because they were our elk hunting,
 and he was out hunting with his mate,
 who was blind in one eye and very short-sighted in the other,
 and mistook him for an elk.
 And so he fired a musket shot straight through his buttock,
 and so he couldn't sit down with the rest of the trip.
 Apparently, he had to spend the rest of the expedition
 lying face down in the boat,
 because he couldn't let his ass touch the ground.
 You have to be very short-sighted to mistake a man for an elk.
 You do, yeah, yeah.
 It's true.
 But they wore sort of skins and stuff, animal skins.
 So he was dressed as an elk?
 He was dressed up as an elk.
 Maybe he saw an elk and shouted elk,
 and the guy who shot him thought he was an elk.
 Who knew his own name.
 Yeah.
 [laughter]
 I have some stuff on laxatives.
 Oh, right.
 Cool.
 Do you know in Bingo, they say,
 "Doctor's Orders?"
 Number nine.
 I do know that.
 You know that, Adam.
 Yeah.
 She's a Bingo.
 Huge Bingo fan.
 That's because during World War II,
 number nine was the name of a laxative handed out by medics.
 Really?
 Which I didn't know.
 And did you know ketchup was originally sold in pill form?
 And they thought it would cure illnesses,
 such as diarrhea, jaundice, and indigestion.
 But actually, they ended up fraudulently making them,
 and instead of putting tomato in them,
 tomato extract in them,
 they just put laxatives in them.
 So basically...
 So it wasn't actually curing?
 No, it was just making people shit themselves.
 And for people who are already suffering from diarrhea,
 that must have been...
 Oh, God.
 Cool.
 So this wasn't ketchup as a food supplement.
 No.
 You wouldn't have your chips,
 and then you'd have the chips on the pill with ketchup.
 No, it was in the old days when they had these things
 called patent medicines.
 Okay.
 You know, things like Seven Up used to be one of those
 Coca-Cola kind of was one as well.
 Right.
 And Dr. Pepper, all these things were...
 And ketchup pills were one of these things
 that people used to take for just the general illnesses.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's so cool.
 And according to Herodotus,
 Egyptians used to spend three days in every month,
 three successive days in every month taking laxatives.
 No.
 That's what Herodotus says.
 Oh, Herodotus.
 Wasn't either bloke who said there were ants,
 the size of foxes.
 Yeah, he couldn't have been right about everything.
 Yeah, I reckon about this one.
 But they kind of make sense,
 because they'd feel like they're flushing you out,
 which actually we've learned is not a good thing.
 It just means it's just another way of saying it massively
 dehydrates you.
 But you can imagine in the olden days they would have thought
 this looks like bad stuff that's coming out.
 That's good.
 Yeah, yeah, definitely.
 They used to be reusable laxatives.
 So one of the most popular laxatives was called antimony,
 which is a chemical element.
 And it worked, and it was used from the 1700s.
 And it's been used for loads of stuff.
 So I think the Egyptians used it as eyeliner.
 But yeah, it became a really popular laxative.
 Not after it's been used as a laxative.
 Well, I don't know.
 You know, they had...
 You can wash it off, rinse it in the nail.
 Yeah.
 But the good thing about this is that it would stay completely
 intact through your system.
 So it totally flushes out your system,
 then comes out on your poo, and then you pick it out
 and reuse it later.
 Wow.
 And apparently, according to the source I was reading,
 which was from a university somewhere,
 it said, "Some lucky families pass down antimony laxatives
 from one generation to the next."
 To my wife, I leave the house, to my son.
 I leave the windows, and to my other son.
 I leave my well-used laxative.
 All right, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Annan.
 My fact this week is that the author's Thomas Hardy,
 Roger Kipling, and Joseph Conrad have all written books
 the size of postage stamps.
 This was for Queen Mary's Dolls House,
 which is just so cool.
 And if you haven't seen it, you should.
 It's a Windsor Castle now.
 But it was commissioned in the 1920s,
 and it was finished in 1924.
 And it was built for Queen Mary,
 who was the wife of George V.
 And the idea was her cousin's idea.
 And her cousin, Princess Mary Louise,
 contacted 171 authors to write miniature books for it.
 So authors who did write books for it were J.M. Barry,
 Chesterton, Conan Doyle, Robert Graves,
 Huxley, A.A. Milne, E. Dithwater.
 It was every big writer of the time,
 wrote a small original novel for it.
 And they were about the size of a stamp,
 about three centimeters by one centimeter.
 And the only refusal was from George Bernard Shaw, I think.
 I think there were a few refusals.
 I think Virginia Woolf refused as well.
 She wasn't asked, I don't think.
 Oh, well, she's a counts differ.
 Yeah.
 Well, no, I don't believe it.
 I thought she wasn't asked.
 She was actually, so she, her girlfriend at the time,
 or lover, was Vita Sackville West,
 who was us and who did write something.
 And the way I found out about this is that they're just publishing
 the thing that she wrote for the first time in full size.
 And they've realised that the novel that she wrote for this doll's house
 is basically exactly the same as Orlando,
 which was Virginia Woolf's most, well, one of her most famous novels.
 And which Virginia Woolf said she was inspired to write Orlando
 by Vita Sackville West, but we've only just realised,
 she literally was inspired by this idea that Vita had.
 Well, so hang on.
 Did she, Virginia Woolf, plagiarise an existing novel,
 but we just didn't know about it because it's too tiny?
 It's the same general idea as this nymphlike person
 who travels through lots of fairy tale landscapes, discovering stuff.
 But it's most definitely, they were very, very in love.
 And Orlando is like this whole love letter to Virginia Woolf's lover.
 And so she was open that she was inspired by her.
 Why?
 But yeah, it turns out this book is legit.
 Imagine, have we read all the other books just to find out
 if there are any other great books that we don't know about?
 No, I mean, they do have to be quite short.
 Yeah.
 How long are they? They're about 30 words.
 Because I could come up with, you know, nymphlike reach
 travels through fantastical worlds.
 That's half the words right there, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 But if someone wrote another book off the back of that,
 I wouldn't feel too hard done by.
 Because they've really put the hours in.
 Yeah.
 Weirdly, they got about 20 words on a page,
 which I think is really impressive.
 They had to write in very small re- and undy
 are going to write some still on here.
 I'm trying to come up with a box that's three by one centimeter.
 One centimeter.
 A pardon.
 I think hers was 3.9 by 1.5 centimeters, maybe.
 Yeah, see James is going to be.
 I've just written once upon a time.
 I know it's a bit of a hack opening,
 but I've just written it anyway.
 Do you know, I've written exactly the same opening.
 That is a major isn't it?
 You can see how the Orlando situation happens.
 I mean, we are wildly in love with each other.
 Yeah, that's very true.
 Yeah.
 I think I'd be surprised if I could get 20 on there.
 But maybe about 12.
 I've seen photos and they do cram on a lot more.
 In fact, they even cram detailed drawings.
 A few have been reproduced already.
 Back in 2012, there was an author's book
 who was made a lower print.
 Andy, you've doubled space jobs.
 That's a problem there.
 Yeah, it's funny.
 What did you go for?
 What did you go after once upon a time?
 There was a tiny pony with a nice haircut,
 but then I've run out of ideas.
 What have you got, James?
 Well, mine didn't have quite as nice a haircut.
 But it's really a love letter to you, sir.
 That's right.
 This is an amazing adult house.
 It's incredible.
 It's all the stories about the rest of the house.
 It was built by Edwin Lutjins.
 Yeah, like the biggest architects,
 probably of the 20th century in Britain.
 And he spent half his time during the construction of this house
 building the city of New Delhi,
 which was 80 square miles.
 And he spent the other half working on a single doll's house
 which was five feet high.
 That's mad.
 Yeah.
 So cool.
 But it was cool, wasn't it?
 The toilets had working plumbing.
 It had electricity.
 It had lifts.
 That worked.
 The functional lifts.
 Yeah.
 It had a cellar with 200 bottles of shuttle,
 a feet 1875.
 No.
 It's so incredible.
 So Dunhill, the cigarette manufacturer at the time,
 he donated tiny cigarettes and cigars to the house.
 You know, all these people basically
 it was a huge national project.
 Because it was going to be the centerpiece
 of the British Empire Exhibition of Arts and Manufacturing.
 It's a bit like the Millennium Dome.
 It is.
 Isn't it?
 It really is.
 Yeah.
 But it is a bit smaller than that.
 But aside from that, it is the same.
 Yeah.
 But do you know the one thing that wasn't in it?
 Any dolls?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 There were no dolls in this doll house
 because if you put them in,
 it would grotesquely dispel the enchantment.
 Wow.
 So is it really a doll's house?
 Good call.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's just an uninhabited one.
 It's just still on the market.
 You're right.
 A house doesn't stop being a house as soon as I leave for the day.
 Yeah.
 Because they're very solipsistic
 wherever you look at the world.
 I like the fact that it also contains,
 as part of its library,
 a stamp album.
 Yeah.
 So the stamps are 1/12 the size of actual stamps.
 So.
 Whereas the books are the size of stamps.
 By the way,
 if you want to like see all of this stuff
 and there's so much more,
 really do go to the Royal Collection Trust website
 because it just has every single item
 called ISOM on the in-minute shirt descriptions
 of where it's come from.
 It's so great.
 Or go to Windsor Castle.
 Is it on view to the public?
 Well, when I went, I saw it years ago when I was a kid, yeah.
 The weird thing about this place is it was for Queen Mary
 and she was an adult at the time.
 It wasn't created for a child.
 And dolls houses weren't originally for children.
 Really?
 Oh, there were markers of status.
 So the first one was made for the Duke of Bavaria in 1557,
 who was not a child.
 And then later on, about a century or two later,
 there were things called Nuremberg Kitchens.
 And these were dolls houses, right?
 And they had all kinds of stuff of them.
 They were full of all the household items.
 But they were designed to show young women
 how to become the lady of the house.
 So it was like that you know there's little military maps
 that you push little tanks around and the soldiers.
 Yeah.
 Which is like a domestic version of that.
 You say, right, this is how you run the house.
 This is how you instruct the servants to move around it.
 This is how you need to run things on a day-by-day basis.
 Clean here.
 That was so cool.
 The purpose of the dolls house in the 17th century.
 Amazing.
 It's amazing that they thought that no one
 would be able to work out a hut,
 so if you live in a house,
 it doesn't have to tell them how to do it.
 I know.
 Come on, our houses were way more complex.
 If you were living down an abbey or something,
 you had to know which scholarly you'd find which
 made to deal with which pan.
 It was very complex.
 You know the game, The Sims.
 One of the biggest games of all time.
 Love it, right?
 Yeah, awesome game.
 That started as a dolls house.
 Really?
 A real, a physical dolls house.
 A virtual dolls house.
 It still is a virtual dolls house.
 Yeah, but so...
 It started as a men to go on.
 No, but this very interesting will write the creator of The Sims.
 He created a virtual dolls house of his house,
 which he lost during a firestorm in 1991.
 And he was so upset about losing the memories of his house
 that he created a virtual miniature version of his house on a computer
 where he just literally replicated all the rooms
 so he could have a memory of what he once had.
 Hey.
 Yeah, and then he saw that and thought, actually, this...
 This might be something big.
 And he pitched it to the people who made Sims City
 and that's how we got to it.
 He called it his virtual dolls house.
 And did people, whenever they asked him his name,
 and he said, "Will write?"
 Did they always say, "No, you can just tell us everything about it."
 Some stuff on small books.
 Yeah.
 And the smallest book, according to the Guinness Book of World Records,
 is called Teeny Ted from Turnip Town.
 And it was made in 2007 by Robert Chaplin.
 And it's 0.07 millimeters by 0.1 millimeters.
 And it tells a story of Teeny Ted's victory
 in the Turnip contest at the annual County Fair.
 Spoiler alert, sorry.
 0.07 millimeters.
 I mean, how is that even possible?
 Well, it's just small.
 It's carved into micro tablets
 on a polished piece of single crystalline silicon
 using a focused gallium iron beam.
 And how...?
 It kind of helps.
 I don't know, science is involved.
 How are we supposed to read it?
 Well, I'll just tell you what happens.
 Well, he did a Kickstarter project
 or one of those crowdfunding projects.
 And they've printed a large print edition.
 But since then, a Russian guy called Vladimir Anitskin
 has made a book which is 0.07 millimeters the same
 by 0.09 millimeters.
 So it's 0.01 millimeters shorter.
 And that is a story about a flea's shoes.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And he plays the finished pages into half of a poppy seed.
 Wow.
 That's how small that is.
 Because it would rattle around in a full poppy seed.
 And the smallest book I think you can buy in Amazon.
 Not the best book that you can buy in Amazon.
 Are there other books available?
 But the smallest book is called The Smallest Book in the World.
 And it was from the first September 2001
 and it measures 2.4 millimeters by 2.9 millimeters.
 And there is one used copy for 700 pounds.
 That's so good.
 Is the picture of it just unbelievably tiny
 when you see the cover arc?
 There is a little kind of picture.
 And there's a picture of a matchstick next to it.
 And then it says it's the size of this matchstick hat
 and there's a tie.
 Oh, the author signings must be an absolute bastard.
 I'm afraid I'll need a gallium iron cannon.
 OK, it is time for our final thanks to the show.
 That is Andy.
 My fact is that army ant nests are made of other army ants.
 So this is like a doll's house made of dolls.
 If I can blind you all with science.
 Of course, human house made of humans.
 Terrifying, exactly.
 Yeah.
 So they have these weird faces of living in one place.
 They live in one place while they love it growing.
 And then they go on the road for a bit.
 Like a band.
 They talk to a different place every night.
 Well, like a band that marches through a jungle eating everything in its path.
 Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 So like Erasmith, for example.
 So they have these three week long roaming faces.
 And during the roaming phase, every night they form a living colony
 and a load of the ants link together and create a ball around the queen.
 And it's got tunnels and it's got chambers,
 but all the columns and pillars and walls are made of army ants.
 That's so cool.
 It's really weird.
 So they're all alive.
 They're all alive, yeah.
 And they have hooks on their feet, which allow them to create these bivouacs as they get called.
 I wonder, do they have, because ants are very specialised in their rules, aren't they?
 But I wonder if they get to be different parts of the house, like summer sofa ants, summer shower ants.
 And they're about a half a million in the colony.
 And they launch these raiding parties, about 200,000, which just fan out and then march.
 As you say, eating everything in their path.
 Yeah.
 Those guys are absolutely incredible.
 There's like stories of them eating drunk people who've passed out in the middle of a jungle.
 But I never found any evidence and that's actually true.
 But they will eat stuff if, you know, if an animal's injured, they'll just go over it and eat it.
 And they'll just be bones by the end of it.
 Yeah.
 There are apparently 557 associates to an army ant march,
 by which I mean animals that kind of feed off them or are helped by them.
 So you've got mites who live on the ants, you've got birds who eat any insects that are running away from the army ants.
 You've got butterflies who follow them eating their droppings.
 Yeah, more than 500 different species are following these ants around, living off them.
 But there's actually a new species that's been found, that is one of these 500 I guess,
 which is a new species of beetle that's been found in Costa Rica.
 And it bites onto an army ants bum and pretends to be a second bum and hitches a ride.
 And that's how it travels.
 And so you look at this army ant and scientists look at this army ant and we've got two arses,
 what a weird species of ant.
 And it's actually just this guy who's got his teeth embedded in his bottom.
 But surely it's not convincing to pretend to be a second bum.
 Why not?
 Because I don't know anyone who's got two bum.
 You're not, I don't know.
 No, I guess not.
 And also ants, I suppose they can't really turn around and look at that own bum.
 No.
 So they're just going to think they've put on a bit of weight down there.
 That's true.
 And they're also really polite.
 So if they say, "Does my bum look okay in this?"
 They all just tell each other, "Yeah, that was great."
 Which one?
 Here's another weird thing that they do.
 This is army ants.
 Have you guys heard of an ant mill?
 I've never heard of this before.
 No.
 This is when army ants are in a big group of army ants are going out.
 And what it said is when they're blind.
 So I don't know how--
 They're all blind.
 Ah, okay, right.
 So they're all blind.
 Thank you.
 That makes so much sense of this now.
 It's what is, they lose the pheromone track of where they're on.
 So one of them leads them astray.
 And they all head off.
 And then suddenly they're lost as a pack.
 But then what they start to do is follow one another.
 And it eventually turns into a circle.
 And they're just walk in a circle till they die of starvation.
 Basically, it's just a continuous circle where they think they're walking back.
 It's like being in a conga, but the back of the conga joins the front of the conga.
 Yeah.
 And you just conga until you all die.
 Exactly.
 It's a very sad way to go.
 Do it, do it.
 I mean, it's not a sad way to go.
 Is it happiest?
 Is that happiest that way?
 I think I wouldn't want to go to that wedding.
 People always say what's the best way of dying.
 You know, like some people say there are some ways of dying where you have like euphoria
 just before you die, isn't there?
 You think the conga is the happiest way?
 Well, it's quite happy.
 Is it how you would want to go?
 Absolutely.
 Or death by, you know that one where you sit down on the dance floor and pretend you're rowing about.
 Oh, that's a great move.
 Maybe it oops up side your head.
 Oh yeah.
 That's a good way to go.
 Because you're doing the conga thing, but you're also sat down.
 So you're a bit more comfortable.
 Yeah.
 The aunts don't do that one, though.
 And they don't have the music for the conga line.
 I do think it's quite a bad way to go.
 That's a real tragedy, actually.
 Tragedy.
 Now that dance would be a good one.
 Yes.
 Now aunts do sometimes make noises, though.
 Not music and not 90s pop hits, but they do make noises.
 You listen closely they're going, "Hey, macaro, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no."
 There's an ant nest beetle which can speak three different dialects of ants depending on which nest it goes into.
 So they do it by stridulation which means you're kind of rubbing one body part on the other, but they know three different dialects and they'll go into a nest and pretend to be that ant.
 But if they get the that accent slightly wrong, the other ants kill them and eat them.
 So that's like kind of going to a bar and new castle and speaking with a jordy accent and they realise it's not a jordy accent and then they kill you and eat you.
 So actually, I mean it's a different language, it's like going to a bar in France and speaking with the wrong French accent, it's terrifying.
 Yeah, weirdly so that was a beetle that speaks these different accents, right?
 Yeah. So there are other beetles who have evolved to look like army ants so they can sneak in to the army ant nests.
 So they have developed a gland which can squirt a chemical at the ants and blast them out of the way so it allows them to make their escape if they're ever rumbled by the ants.
 But these beetles spend their whole lives living in the colony.
 You spend your whole life surrounded by a hostile species.
 And it looks ridiculous, right, because they're blind so they don't know but to us when you see pictures of it, it's just like that's obviously not one of you guys.
 I didn't realise they were blind, I just thought the answer was stupid, I didn't know that. But actually that explains why they couldn't see that they had two bumps.
 Yeah, so that one little detail is real so much about the fact that it does my bum lock good in this, I don't know why I'm blind.
 They do have, when they find meat, they transport it to what they call a booty cash so that kind of fits the bump thing.
 They don't call it that, no, that's a good point, yeah.
 So something they can do with their bodies, which is really clever, is that they plug any holes in the ground or any obstacles and this speeds up their progress anywhere.
 But they're really smart about it, so as they're going along in these big troops of hundreds of thousands of ants, they'll come across a little hole or a tiny little bump that maybe we couldn't even see.
 And they measure up their bodies as they go past to see which of them is the right size for the whole.
 And the right size and will play out over that hole and spend hours while the other ants just go back and forth over him if they're collecting or anything.
 And scientists have literally, they've drilled slightly different size holes in a plank of wood and they watch the ants go and they measure themselves up against the hole.
 They're like not too big for that one, Barry, you're on this.
 And the different size ants go and then spend hours spread out over these holes.
 It's a bit like lemmings, the game, isn't it? Do you remember that game?
 And you would have holes and they all did different things to get you past those holes, but then everyone would just keep marching over you and stuff.
 Really?
 Just like that.
 Yeah, maybe they'd based on that.
 But do you think they like it?
 Or do you think they get to a hole and they go, "Oh, that's the same size as me."
 Yeah, I think it's that. They try to, they sound tipters and go, "No, I'm definitely too tall for this one."
 No.
 But they do, they do get, they're all blind.
 But you can feel it. You can feel the size of a hole. So can I just say, not all army ants are blind.
 Oh, not?
 There are lots of different species of them and the ones that have the ant mills are blind.
 But not all species are.
 Is there sometimes a big hole that the beetle has to get into?
 That's when he's gone blind.
 It's very cool though, because if you're sitting in the hole,
 you don't get to get any of the food that the ants find you, you don't get any prey.
 But they save you some when you get home.
 Come on.
 They get a meal when they get back because for the work they've done for the colony.
 That is the least they can do, I think.
 So some ant nests, these are not army ants now, but these are, this is a different species of ant.
 It's actually called the hairy northern wood ant.
 Some of their ant nests have essentially listed building status in the UK.
 The British Forestry Commission have mapped and said these must be preserved.
 And it's a little skyscraper city of ant nests, up to two meters high,
 made by ants, which is bigger relative to an ant than the Empire State Building is to a human.
 Yeah, and they're all made of pine needles and there are 69 of them which have been found and plotted.
 And they are basically preserved because the British Forestry Commission have said
 you have to look after these.
 So you can't build a conservatory on anything?
 No, you can't.
 No.
 But who's going to stop an ant if it was to make a conservatory?
 That's true.
 They're not going to get flat information.
 But actually, conservatory would be really good for them because they need, no, it would.
 Because they need heat, right?
 And the way that the ants get heat is some of the work rats will go outside,
 some days for a bit, soak up heat, and then quickly go back in and release the heat into the nest.
 And that's their method of warming up their nest.
 So conservatory would be much better for them.
 Yeah.
 Well, and they're farmers, aren't they? A lot of ants are farmers, so conservatory would be great for growing their food.
 There are a lot of ants that can't bite into seeds because their teeth aren't strong enough.
 Their mandal's aren't strong enough.
 And so instead, what they do is, which is a really long-witted way of getting a meal,
 is that they plant the seeds, they fertilize them with their own feces,
 they wait for them to grow germinate and split for the huster split,
 and then they can eat the stuff inside.
 Wow.
 Which is quite a long time to wait if you're really hungry.
 Others, yeah.
 You've got to plan your dinner parties well in order.
 And did you guys know that ants' mandal bills used to be used, and still are used,
 I think, in bits of East Africa, to stitch up wounds.
 They get an ant, and the mandal bills are just the right size of certain ants to heal up a wound,
 and then they make an ant bite into the sides of a wound, of a cut,
 and then the sort of little teeth will pull the skin together,
 and then they cut the ants body away, and the teeth just sit there healing up the wound.
 So they decapitate the ant once it's acted as a stitch.
 It's actually more like deboditating than I think.
 Because you're traveling the body off of it.
 The effect is much the same.
 Yeah.
 That's just semantics.
 Great news, don't worry.
 We've managed to get your sentence commuted from decapitation to deboditation.
 Andy, do you have a relative in North Carolina called Joan?
 Not that I know.
 Okay. I was reading the story, a lady called Joan Murray, in America.
 She went parachuting, skydiving, and this is extraordinary.
 Her parachute didn't open, so she plummeted to the earth.
 She approached the ground at 80 miles an hour, and as she landed,
 she landed on a mound of fire ants.
 And doctors reckon, I got this off Wikipedia,
 doctors reckon that the shock of having been stung over 200 times by the ants,
 as she landed on them, released a surge of adrenaline into her
 that kept her heart beating so that when the emergency services got there,
 and she's still alive to this day.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 I wouldn't have thought, hitting into the ground after your parachute not opening.
 I wouldn't have thought that the thing that killed you would be a heart attack.
 Yeah.
 I would have thought it would be the crunching up of all of your bodily bones in organs.
 But if you landed on a mound.
 Yeah.
 And then they repaired all your wounds with their mandibles.
 Yes.
 They stitched you as you land.
 Do you think they all basically caught her, maybe?
 Yeah, effectively.
 I guess you do have accounts of people falling on, I don't know,
 trees and hay bales and stuff like that and managing to survive.
 So supposedly she did her heart stopped, and then she got bit so many times.
 I think it's stories like this that the phrase citation needed was invented.
 No, I do believe that.
 They do actually say they don't.
 They don't often, if you're falling out of a building or something, that what.
 I'm going to aim for that.
 And so so strong relative to their body size.
 From this height, all those people look like us.
 I know, I'm one foot away from the floor.
 They don't say any of that.
 They just say that you have a heart attack on the way down off and that kills you.
 Do they?
 Yeah, yeah, I think they do.
 So it is plausible.
 Wow.
 Not sort of stupid facts.
 Do you guys want so busy mocking what I've said before?
 I might have stepped in to save you earlier.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said
 over the courses podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on an @Sriberland, James, @JamesHalkin, Andy @AndruHunterM, and Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to our group Twitter account, which is @NoSuchThing.
 Or you can go to our website.
 NoSuchThing is fish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We have a link to our tour dates, which are extending into March of next year
 and also to Australia and New Zealand in May of next year.
 And also into Ireland and Scotland.
 Exactly.
 This is, we're going majorly international now.
 And you can also find a link on our website to our book, The Book of the Year.
 It's a wrap-up of the weirdest stuff that happened in 2017.
 And it's good.
 I've read it.
 I like it.
 And I think you will too.
 So please do that.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
