 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience cheering)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Day As A Fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week, "Conte Drive" from Burma!
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 My name is Dan Schriver, I am sitting here
 with Anna Tyshinsky, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again,
 we have gathered 'round the microphones this time
 for our Christmas special, yeah!
 (audience cheering)
 And once again, we have gathered 'round
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the song,
 when the red, red robin goes bobb, bobb, bobbin along,
 is actually about a thrush.
 (audience laughing)
 - But thrush didn't rhyme with bobbin?
 (laughing)
 - It could be rushing along, couldn't he?
 - Should have been rushing along.
 - It is an American song, the red, red robin
 goes bobb, bobb, bobbin along, I don't know
 if you guys know it, when the red, red robin
 goes bobb, bobb, bobbin along.
 It was written about the American robin,
 whose Latin name is Turdus migratorius.
 (audience laughing)
 And as every childish person knows,
 the Latin word Turdus means thrush.
 And it's called a robin, that bird,
 because when the early migrants got to America,
 it has a red breast and it reminded them
 of the European robin.
 - Right.
 - And so a lot of American songs,
 like rockin' robin, for instance, is the same.
 All these songs are actually about thrushes.
 - So technically it should also be Batman and thrush.
 (audience laughing)
 Well that's another story of Batman's medical problems.
 - That is actually true, 'cause Robin was,
 in some versions of the early Batman and Robin comics,
 he is named Robin 'cause he was born
 on the first day of spring.
 And the American Robin is associated with spring.
 So these songs, the red, red robin,
 these are springtime songs, they're not Christmas songs.
 - Yeah, okay, cool, wow.
 - It's better looking than our thrush, isn't it?
 I mean, the red breast does make a big difference.
 - Yeah, it's a nice bird, nice looking bird.
 It's like, it looks like, you know,
 if you think about your classic European robin,
 it's quite fat and round and it's got a red breast.
 The American one is a bit more proud looking,
 it's a bit bigger, it's got a slightly longer neck,
 but it still has the red color.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 And it's the most abundant bird in North America, apparently.
 - Is it?
 - Yeah, it's all over the bloody place.
 Although they're not shyer than our robins.
 The robin that we know is the European robin,
 but in Britain, it's way more cocky and confident
 than all over the rest of Europe.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, and this is just because
 we actually like robins so much.
 So in Europe, it's much more common to hunt robins
 and, or has been historically,
 and they're not kind of treasured as much
 as this kind of Christmas symbol.
 So they're way shyer.
 And similarly in America, these guys,
 they hide in the woods, whereas our robins,
 you know, they chase you around the garden
 when you're digging out worms.
 - Yeah, of course, yeah.
 Do you know why they do that?
 - To get the worms you're digging out?
 - Well, yes, but it's because, basically,
 they think you're a pig.
 So...
 - What?
 - So what?
 - Joanna said all that nice stuff about robins.
 - Well, it's not reciprocated.
 Robins basically evolve to follow wild boar
 around forests.
 - What do they do?
 - They truffle up food, don't they?
 They dig for their food,
 and they will overturn a lot of earth
 and they'll reveal lots of earthworms.
 So, you know, it thinks you're a pig and a boar.
 Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - I've got to say, who have offended?
 - Is it really bad at telling the difference
 between species, then?
 - I'm exaggerating a little for comic effect.
 I don't know about its eyesight.
 It has got good eyesight, hasn't it?
 Or sort of something special about its eyes
 that it can navigate?
 - Michael Titan there, perhaps, I reckon.
 - Yeah.
 - 'Cause they...
 - I think that's probably the American ones,
 'cause they migrate quite a lot
 down there, the American ones.
 - Okay.
 - They do.
 You almost never see them here,
 but did you read about the...
 I think one of the last times
 that American robin was seen in the UK
 was in 2004,
 and it was one of these.
 It was blown over the Atlantic,
 so it got lost on a migration.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's a hell of a puff, isn't it,
 to get you over the Atlantic?
 - It was a gusty day.
 And it...
 So it turned up in Grimsby,
 and there was huge excitement.
 - Oh, God.
 I mean, your face bad enough, isn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 You end up in Grimsby.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's a bad hangover.
 What did I do last night?
 And the Twitchers, as they do, got very excited
 and all communicated with each other to say,
 "Come on, come on, see this American robin.
 "It's so rare to see them here."
 And they all arrived just in time
 to see it get eaten by a sparrow hawk.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, poor thing.
 I love that...
 I didn't know it was called turd migratus.
 - Turdus, yeah.
 - Turdus.
 - Not turd migratus.
 - Turdus migratus.
 Turdus. - Turdus.
 - It still works nicely.
 - It's a very, very lazy Harry Potter spell, basically.
 (audience laughing)
 - If you're a bit constipated,
 is that what you do?
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, if you hear that in the stall, yeah, next to you.
 - Turdus migratus.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - I would have thought exbellianus
 would have been the better.
 (audience cheering)
 - Okay, so on the word turdus,
 the word sturdy,
 that supposedly comes from the Latin for thrush.
 That's supposed to come from turdus as well.
 And the idea was,
 if a thrush would eat lots of berries,
 it might get drunk.
 And it would kind of sway around and sway around.
 And so turdy meant swaying.
 And then sturdy came from non-drunk thrushes, yeah.
 That's according to the Oxford English Dictionary,
 who I must say, I don't believe.
 (audience laughing)
 There is a French saying, which is as drunk as a thrush,
 which gives a little bit of credence to it, so.
 - They are the most prone to get drunk
 on fermented berries, I think, aren't they?
 - They are the American rubies.
 - Rubbies?
 That's what I called them, we're close.
 And it happens, so it tends to happen in spring,
 but it can actually happen in autumn,
 so basically it'll happen when the berries have frozen,
 and so when frost hits them,
 then they'll start converting their starch to sugars.
 Then I think when they thaw, then that starts fermenting.
 And then they get eaten, and then they do funny things,
 like crashing to each other or fall off branches.
 But in Minnesota, in October, a couple of years ago,
 there was an early frost that caused a big outbreak of this,
 and the police were called so many times
 that they actually had to put on a report out,
 saying there's no need to report drunk robins to the police.
 They will sober up within a short period of time
 and get over their lives.
 (audience laughing)
 - I read a really lovely story.
 In India, there was a species, a type of robin,
 that had made its way into the electrical box
 of a very tiny town.
 So there's about 150 people that live in this town,
 and this box would be turned on every night
 at 6 p.m. by one guy.
 And so he noticed that a robin,
 this species, a robin had laid eggs
 and was using this electrical circuit board as its nest.
 So he wrote on a WhatsApp group
 to all of the people in the village saying,
 "Is it cool if we don't turn on the street lights
 at night time until they've hatched
 and the birds have flown away?"
 And the whole village all agreed.
 And so for over 35 days, they had no lights at night,
 just to make sure that these little birds were born properly,
 and then they flew away,
 and then he started turning them on again.
 - That is a nice story.
 - Did they have lots of traffic incidents?
 - There was, yeah, 90 fatalities.
 (audience laughing)
 - Robins live really short lives most of the time,
 so they live for about 13 months.
 Very, very high mortality rate in their first year.
 But if they're through that,
 they stand a very good chance of surviving for a lot longer.
 So the oldest ever robin known
 was recorded as being, it was ringed,
 you know, with a ring around its foot or whatever.
 It was 19 years and four months.
 - Oh my God!
 - Imagine if there were people just walking around
 who were 1,000 years old and they'd just got lucky.
 - Oh my God!
 - Yeah, that's what it's like for robins.
 - When he said ringed,
 I thought he meant we cut it in half every year
 and count the rings.
 (audience laughing)
 - It was amazingly hardy, yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 This fact is about the fact that a robin
 is actually a thrush and a misnamed bird,
 and it's a Christmas bird.
 That we're talking about.
 And so I started looking into other Christmas birds.
 And it turns out a lot of them are misnamed as well.
 So one of the great songs that we have,
 the first day of Christmas, my true,
 we have a bunch of birds in that song, don't we, right?
 So, okay, turtle doves.
 Turtle doves are given everything.
 So we think that they're called turtle doves
 because they make a tur tur sounds.
 So that's the turtle.
 So as the article points out,
 and this is according to a biologist called Pamela Remerson,
 no relation to turtles.
 So they're just, they're...
 (audience laughing)
 - This is your facts?
 The doves are not related to turtles.
 - Turtle doves, zero relation to turtles.
 And myth busted.
 (audience laughing)
 French hens, there's three French hens in it.
 - Oh my God.
 - They're probably from France,
 but they're not actually a species called French hen.
 That doesn't exist, so myth busted.
 Second one down, calling birds.
 That sounds interesting, doesn't exist.
 We don't have calling birds.
 What they're probably talking about is for collie birds.
 And we just misunderstood that.
 We've called them calling birds.
 Andy, myth busted.
 - A collie bird is like a blackbird, right?
 Is it an old word for black?
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - It's called collet, right?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 Partridge in a pear tree.
 They're ground birds.
 They're never seen in trees.
 (audience laughing)
 That is good, actually.
 You say the best of luck.
 Myth busted.
 - You do see the odd partridge in a tree, to be fair.
 But they don't nest in trees.
 - Are they drunk?
 - Only when they're pissed.
 They're like the opposite of all other birds.
 They fall up trees when they're drunk.
 (audience laughing)
 - The song "When the Red Red Dropping"
 goes bob bob bobbing along.
 Really quickly on that.
 It was written in 1926, or 1925.
 By 1926, it was a hit for Whispering Jack Smith,
 Cliff Edwards, Paul Whiteman,
 the Ipanama Troubadours, and Al Jolson.
 In the same year, it was a hit for all those people.
 - Wow.
 - And it's not like one of those, you know,
 when you get a rap song and you've got
 20 different rappers on it,
 they all did their own version of it.
 - That's amazing.
 What was the first one called?
 - It was Whispering Jack Smith.
 - That sounds terrifying.
 (audience laughing)
 "When the Red Red Dropping" goes bob bobbing along.
 - It was most famous by Boddlestar, William Roth.
 She's the most famous one who sang it.
 And she sang it when she was really young,
 when she was about 14 or 15.
 And then she became not famous anymore.
 And then later on, she went on This Is Your Life,
 and she kind of was really honest about her alcoholism.
 And she got more than 40,000 letters
 when she went on This Is Your Life.
 She wrote not a biography.
 And then it got turned into a movie starring Susan Hayward.
 And that was nominated for an Academy Award.
 So, 'cause her life was so amazing.
 And then when she kind of went on This Is Your Life,
 she became famous again.
 And she had a huge sort of revival.
 She went on Broadway and did her own song.
 And the highlight of her act was singing
 when the Red Red Robin came bob bobbing along.
 But she sang it in the style of the person
 who played her in the movie, doing an impression of her.
 - Jesus.
 - Isn't that amazing?
 - That's sad.
 - You probably know the song most
 because I know you go to Charlton Athletic every now and then,
 and that's what they sing.
 - Is that what they're trying to sing?
 (audience laughing)
 Jesus Christ.
 Really, are they doing it in the style of this woman?
 Do they get in the style of her?
 - I think the dog is doing it in the style of some other bird.
 - Wow.
 Did you guys read that there's a type of thrush
 that gets its prey to come to the top of the surface
 by farting on the ground?
 - What if it looms worms towards it?
 - Yeah, it just gets down and it just starts farting.
 - What do the worms think of this thing?
 - I think you know that thing where it's kind of like,
 it feels like it's rain and it's coming up
 and they hear vibrations and they come up.
 It turns out anyway, it's not true.
 (audience laughing)
 - Dan, can I do the others?
 - Myth busted.
 (audience laughing)
 - Thank you, Andy.
 - It is time for fact number two and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that nobody knows
 where Caravaggio's most Christmassy painting is,
 but the main theory is that it was eaten by pigs
 in the 1970s.
 (audience laughing)
 This is a painting, so Caravaggio's extremely famous
 16th century artist, 16th, early 17th,
 and he painted a painting called
 "The Nativity with St. Francis and St. Lawrence"
 and it was stolen.
 It was in a church in Palermo in Italy
 and it had been there for nearly 400 years.
 It was incredibly well established there.
 And in 1969, it was nicked by persons unknown.
 It's worth, obviously, millions and millions.
 There are not that many Caravaggio's
 and no one knows where it is to this day.
 It was cut from its frame and there are rumors
 about where it is, so some people say it's in Switzerland,
 some people say there's no way it ever left Italy,
 there was no international gossip
 about where it might have ended up,
 but one mafia informer claimed
 that it had been damaged in an earthquake
 and then just left it alone for a bit
 and then gnawed on by rats and pigs
 until it was completely worthless and then they burned it.
 - Wow, weird. - We don't know, but yeah.
 - It seems very odd, this habit that all these mafia members,
 it's the Cousin Ostra, isn't it?
 Members have of admitting to stealing the painting
 and then telling the story of the painting
 and you never know if they're telling the truth
 and I think so these are like pentitos
 who go to the police and say, "Oh, I've been in the mafia
 "and I'm really sorry about it
 "and I'll tell you where this nativity painting is."
 And I think the latest person is Guy Tano Grado
 who said he helped to steal the painting
 and then it somehow got into the hands of a mafia boss
 who took it to a Swiss art dealer
 and I just like the scene, the dealer wept when he saw it
 'cause it's such a beautiful, unbelievable painting.
 It's a Caravaggio, so the dealer burst and the tears sobbed
 and then immediately said, "We need to cut this into pieces
 "so we can sell them discreetly
 "otherwise people will know what it is."
 - Right, so what do you do, do you buy up all the pieces
 and put them together like a jigsaw?
 - Yeah, it's not like that.
 - I don't realise how fucking dangerous pigs are.
 Top tip, don't die next to a pig, it will eat you.
 - Yeah, but watch your dad, it doesn't really matter to him.
 - I know, but like if you were even in the process of dying
 and you happened to fall next to a pig, you're a goner.
 - Yep, absolutely.
 - And the Robin will watch from the side and laugh.
 - Well, to him, it's like a pig's eating a pig.
 It's like cannibalism.
 - Cannibalism, it'll look like.
 No, seriously, last few years, just the headlines.
 2020, missing Polish farmer,
 eaten by his own pigs, officials say.
 2019, woman eaten by a pig after she collapses while feeding.
 Basically, if you fall near a pig and you're asleep,
 it will eat you. - It's quite famous that, I think.
 Like, is it Hannibal? - Is it a Hannibal book?
 - Yeah, you've got to watch Hannibal, it's great.
 Most things of that scene, where you're eaten by pigs,
 it's a documentary about how it's very easy to get eaten by pigs
 if you're not careful.
 - It's funny, because pigs do have a reputation
 for being very intelligent and quite friendly.
 They do, don't they? Like, babe.
 Yeah, like, babe.
 - You've got to watch... - Like, babe, drink, yeah.
 - Babe, drink, but babe eats the farmer, yeah.
 - Is that all dope, pig?
 - Do you guys know pig casso?
 - No. - Just speaking of art and pig,
 he's the first non-human to hold his own exhibition.
 Art exhibition. - Really?
 - Yeah. Born in 2016.
 - I mean, when we say "hold" his own art exhibition,
 did he book the venue? - Yes.
 - Did he do the catering? God, I can't imagine the catering, actually.
 - He did all the admin.
 He finds it difficult to hold the phone, but he's overcoming it.
 No, he was born in 2016.
 He was one of these people who was rescued and taken to a sanctuary
 that was set up by this woman called Joanne Lebson
 in South Africa.
 And she said the reason that he became a famous painter,
 as he is now, is that she put him in a pen with loads and loads of stuff,
 and he ate or destroyed everything in the stool,
 except that paintbrushes.
 And so she deduced from that that he must love art.
 (LAUGHTER)
 He's since become a painter.
 He designed Swatches 2019 Swatch Design, which is called Flying Pig,
 and it's lots of purple and pink swirls.
 - Did they not find, like, a work of art
 and then maybe the shoes of an artist
 that he just eats and the rest of the artist?
 (LAUGHTER)
 - It could be that.
 - Does he draw with a pig pen?
 (AUDIENCE GASPS)
 - Don't boo that!
 - What's the... - It's Christmas!
 - It's Christmas! I'm sorry, I've ruined Christmas.
 - Shall we talk about Caravaggio? - I think we better.
 - Caravaggio, he was a bit of a badden, wasn't he?
 He was a bit of a badden.
 In 1604, the year, variously, he was arrested for assaulting a waiter
 who had served him with a plate of artichokes dressed in butter rather than oil,
 for throwing stones in the street next to a perfume maker and some prostitutes,
 and for telling a policeman who was attempting to release him quietly,
 even though he was carrying a sword, which he wasn't supposed to,
 you can stick it up your arse.
 (LAUGHTER)
 - Right.
 - You've given very one-sided story there.
 I'm quite a fan of Caravaggio, and the artichoke story, for example,
 was sort of justifiable. It was a test.
 So it was... He ordered eight artichokes for lunch,
 and he ordered four to be fried in oil and four to be fried in butter.
 The artichokes arrived, and then he asked the waiter,
 "Well, which of the four fried in oil?"
 And the waiter couldn't tell.
 - And then he picked up his sword, he had attacked the waiter,
 and then got a plate and smashed him in the face with it.
 - There's no excuse for bad service, James.
 (LAUGHTER)
 - The waiter was always right.
 - Speaking of bad service, he killed a man after a game of tennis,
 didn't he? - Did he?
 - Yeah, that's one of the most famous things about him.
 So he had to leave Rome when he killed his opponent in a game of tennis.
 Now, we think possibly it wasn't because of the tennis
 that he did this murder, and we think possibly
 he might not have been deliberately trying to kill the man.
 He might have only been trying to cut off his testicles.
 - Right.
 - You're all right. My client was merely trying to cut off
 this man's testicles with his sword.
 - New balls, please.
 (LAUGHTER)
 - Very strong.
 Yeah, it's very unclear, because they were having an argument
 about a woman who was maybe one of Caravaggio's models,
 but was also a prostitute, but was also working for the opponent.
 This man, Tomassini, was it?
 - Yeah, so Tomassini was the pimp of this woman.
 - Yes.
 - But also, when you're an artist, it was illegal for someone to sit for you,
 especially naked, unless they were a prostitute, unless you were paying them.
 And so, basically, most of the artists around that time
 were employing prostitutes to, or sex workers, I should say, to sit for them.
 And so, there was obviously something happening here.
 We weren't quite sure.
 The woman was called Faleed Melendroni,
 and there's not much else about her.
 She was once called a scandalous courtesan
 by the vicariat of Rome, no less, for refusing the sacrament.
 And later that year, she was arrested for possessing a weapon.
 So, she was a bit of a baddler, as well.
 - If that's the most scandalous thing you're doing, as a prostitute,
 refusing the sacrament, then I think you've got to up your game.
 - He was a very, very naughty boy, Caravaggio.
 No, he was.
 No, we shouldn't be glamourising it, because he was a ron.
 He was a rogue.
 There was a film. There's a film made about his life in 1986,
 in which Sean Bean, it's one of Sean Bean's very earliest films,
 he plays the guy Caravaggio had a deal with, Ranuccio Tomassoni.
 And that is also notable, because it's the first time
 that Sean Bean died onscreen.
 - Oh, no way! - Yes!
 - Really? - Sean Bean has had a lot of screen deaths, if you don't know.
 Sean Bean has been impaled on an anchor.
 He's been stabbed. He's fallen off an antenna.
 He's been buried alive and then died.
 He's been hanged.
 He's been shot through the neck with a grappling hook,
 and then hanged.
 He's been torn into quarters by horses,
 decapitated and shot ten times.
 - Well, he's hard. He's a hard man, had he come back from all those things. - He's a hard man, had he come back from all those things.
 He's still swinging, but he's not the actor who's died most in films.
 - This is diversion now, but... - Uh-huh.
 - Danny, is it Trejo? - Yeah, I'm machete-y.
 - Machete, yeah. - He's died 65 times in different films.
 - Has he? - Yeah, he has been killed by topless prostitutes
 in two separate films.
 Wow, that's typecasting, starting to exert its baleful influence, I'm afraid.
 You know, he invented really incredible lighting for paintings,
 and two people have been massively influenced by it.
 David Hockney talks about it, saying he basically invented Hollywood lighting.
 It was just... It was in one direction, and he believes that he used...
 - It was in one direction? - Yeah, he was multi-talented.
 He was... Yeah, he was a very influential character.
 He supposedly... He would use mirrors to sort of bend light towards,
 and Martin Scorsese, when he would see his paintings,
 was... A lot of Scorsese's movies, he says, were influenced by the lighting
 that he saw in Caravaggio's paintings, and he's convinced that if he was in modern times,
 he would have been one of our great directors, purely for that,
 purely for his understanding of light and composure.
 Yeah, but it was particularly dark. I've always thought they're too dark.
 It always looks like it's not very well lit in galleries, I think.
 - I agree. - It's basically 'cause it's all kind of black,
 except one shaft of light.
 - Yeah, it's like Blade Runner. - Yeah.
 But he did get in trouble once with his landlord.
 In fact, he was evicted because he cut...
 He was renting a room, and he cut a hole in the ceiling
 to get that single shaft of light.
 - Cool. - And a lot of landlords hate that.
 Was it in the ceiling? So, Ren could get in.
 - In the roof. - Yes, yeah, yeah.
 I suppose that's gonna ruin the painting, isn't it?
 - It didn't make a difference. - But also, he was in a ground floor flat,
 so he had to do every single thing.
 - Can we move on to the next fact? - Yes, please.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Merry Christmas Park in Miami
 isn't named after the holiday,
 but after a girl named Mary,
 who was the daughter of the city's former mayor, Randy Christmas.
 (LAUGHTER)
 I love that song.
 Have yourself a randy little Christmas.
 We will hear a randy Christmas.
 So, Randy Christmas was the mayor of Miami from 1955 to 1957,
 and he had a little daughter who he named Merry,
 she felt M-E-R-R-I-E,
 and Merry, unfortunately, was quite sick when she was born.
 She was born with only one kidney,
 which she was basically correctly diagnosed with
 when she was about three years old,
 and they thought that she wasn't gonna make it, unfortunately.
 And one of the things that Miami wanted to do
 to sort of talk about, you know, what an amazing and brave girl she was going through,
 what she was going through, is to name this park after her.
 So, it's a very tiny little park,
 and she was just, she was an amazing person.
 She continued, she had 12 operations.
 They thought she was only gonna live for a few months,
 but she had survived 12 more years.
 She used to go to the park once a year, she loved visiting it.
 She would sometimes go to it during Christmas as well
 to visit Merry Christmas Park, her park, she used to say.
 She sadly passed away,
 but she did get to experience this park for a long time, yeah.
 And how many disappointed people would show up at the park every day throughout December
 are going, "Where the hell's Santa Claus?
 "Why is there a 12-year-old girl here instead?"
 It's good to look at the story that way as well.
 She's letting a lot of people down.
 Yeah. "Is this your fault, you little dick? What's this?"
 Get out your wheelchair and look me in the eye.
 Yeah.
 Come on, Anna.
 So, the Christmas family, they said it took them three children
 for them to get up the nerve to call one of them Merry.
 Oh, really? Although, Merry Christmas did have her sister called Holly,
 who actually is still around.
 She was posted on the internet in June this year, so she's definitely still alive.
 Some of the other children in the school would tease Merry Christmas
 and call her Happy New Year.
 LAUGHTER
 But when she died, she did die very young,
 but she was so popular that they had to put on buses to get people to the funeral.
 It was an absolutely massive funeral. Oh, wow.
 And Randy Christmas's mother was called Leonora Pauline Pope Christmas.
 Her surname was Pope, so Pope married Christmas and had Randy.
 LAUGHTER
 It seems like it's kind of degrading the family names there, doesn't it?
 Yeah, and thank God it wasn't double-barrelled,
 because he could have been Randy Pope Christmas as the mayor of Miami.
 Gosh. There was a competition to find the most Christmassy name in the UK in 2017,
 and it was held by the British Christmas Tree Growers Association.
 And there were various great entries.
 The eventual winner was a woman called Donna Rudolph,
 which is good, because that's two of the reindeer, which is very impressive.
 But other winners included people like Val Spruce, Holly Berry,
 which I think is really good,
 Chris Tingley...
 LAUGHTER
 That's so great, Christmassy.
 But this is the thing, the prize was a Christmas tree, right?
 A real Christmas tree, not an artificial one.
 And in her winning speech,
 Donna Rudolph said she was really happy to win
 because she'd never had in her whole life a real Christmas tree,
 and she would be having a real one from now on.
 This is, let's not forget,
 promoted by the British Christmas Tree Growers Association,
 who I think may have fed her some copy in what she was going to say.
 And the whole thing was to promote real trees.
 But I looked into this a bit further, guys.
 Donna Rudolph lived in Whiz Beach, right?
 Which was fewer than 10 miles from the place,
 which actually had the farm,
 where she collected her Christmas tree farm.
 So, I'm not... Wait a minute, how old was she?
 I think in her 30s?
 So, it's not going to be 30 years ago,
 they decided to scab that they were going to name her a weird Christmas name.
 I'm not suggesting her parents named her to get her a free tree in 30 years.
 I'm saying the Christmas tree growers may have picked her
 because they wanted someone to turn up in person
 and collect their tree from the farm.
 It's not the biggest thing ever.
 It's not the biggest thing to bust ever.
 It's not Dan Brown, is it?
 I'm just saying, I think Chris Tingley might have been a bit rock.
 I think Holly Berry. I think Holly Berry is really good, isn't she?
 That's a great...
 Anyway, so that's my niche and illegally quite actionable...
 That's your panorama documentary-style expose there.
 I looked the other way.
 I looked at people who were called "Randy"
 because I thought, "That's a fun first name, if you pair it up with a surname."
 So Wikipedia has just a really big list of different people called "Randy."
 So there's a Randy Baker, there's a Randy Farmer,
 there's a Randy Gardner, there's Randy Love,
 there's Randy Rogers,
 Randy Messenger,
 which sounds like someone who'd slip into your DMs.
 - I like that one. - Yeah.
 And in my favourite one of all, Randy Murray.
 Oh!
 Do you know anything about Randy Murray?
 He's a Canadian guitarist.
 He's amazing. He used to be in a band with a guy called Ronald McDonald.
 - No. - No.
 - That's as far as I got into his... - Wow.
 Let's get him on. Out of court replacement, do we think?
 We don't have to tweet one letter on the posters.
 There was a guy called Alistair Christmas who was born on Christmas Day,
 which is very exciting.
 He was interviewed by The Daily Mirror,
 and he said that on at least one occasion in his life
 someone had refused to hand over a parcel that was for him
 because they just couldn't possibly believe
 that his name was Alistair Christmas.
 Which I have to say is quite not especially unbelievable.
 But he said, of his name, when people find out he's called Alistair Christmas,
 "People just see you and look at you as if you were magic.
 "You can see it in their eyes.
 "To them, it is like they have just met Santa."
 Can I say? The delivery guy, right?
 He turns up with a parcel for Mr. A. Christmas.
 And then the guy comes out and says, "I'm Mr. A. Christmas."
 And then he says, "I don't believe you."
 - What was he expecting the person to say? - Who's this box for, then?
 - Exactly. - Yeah, exactly.
 Did he just take it home? I don't know.
 There's the surname Christmas quite common in Essex and Sussex.
 And the theory is that it was probably, you know,
 people got their surnames in the olden days.
 It was probably someone who was born on Christmas Day.
 That's what we think.
 However, there is a guy called Henry Christmas
 who is a retired engineer who has spent decades
 delving into the history of the name.
 And he said in 2005 that the Christmas Day/Christmas connection
 is too easy.
 But I rather think that he's spent decades doing it
 and realised that it's actually the obvious thing that everyone thinks.
 - Yeah. - He's got to justify a lifetime wasted.
 - Yeah. - Sorry, Henry.
 Do you guys know about Merry Christmas Clause and Santa Clause?
 - The Nebraska couple. - No.
 These are two people who legally changed their names in 2017.
 They're so sweet.
 So they won't give their real names to journalists who interviewed them.
 So they are now, the wife is Merry Christmas Clause,
 the husband is Santa Clause.
 And they go and they dress up.
 They wear their dress reds at Christmas,
 which is the term for the Santa outfit.
 And for the rest of the year, Santa's a taxi driver.
 And yeah, they just decided they loved being in the mall so much,
 having kids swarming around them, sitting on their laps and everything,
 that they've changed their names.
 And it's so sweet.
 They met in December 2009, and she, Merry Christmas Clause,
 said she knew he was the one when he offered to make me dinner.
 There aren't many men willing to cook a woman dinner.
 I knew I'd found a keeper.
 Which does imply a low bar.
 But she then says, "But the pot gets even lower."
 She said, "What I love about Santa, my husband,
 "is that he's so great at the kid-friendly jokes at Christmas."
 So that's kind of, can someone explain this to me?
 She says, "When the kids ask for iPods,
 "he says, 'Why an iPod?
 'Wouldn't you rather have a three-pod?'
 'There's three P's in a pod, but there's only one I in an iPod.
 'The parents roar with laughter over that.'"
 [LAUGHTER]
 Does that make sense?
 I think, what does that mean, kind of?
 I'm not, look, I made a pig-ped joke earlier.
 I'm not going to slag off this guy.
 He's doing his best.
 He's doing his best.
 Wow. We're ignoring one very famous Christmas,
 it was a fictional Christmas.
 Christmas Jones, Bond character.
 Yes. Oh, here's that.
 In the world. The Pierce Brosnan flake, wasn't it?
 That was one of the Pierce Brosnan ones.
 Denise Richards, who's a nuclear physicist character.
 And it's basically, so there are a load of really,
 really sort of cheap tacky gags, you know,
 James Bond says, "Ugh, I thought Christmas only came once a year.
 "It's had all of this." Really, like, you know.
 It's aged poorly, and it was quite recent.
 So just off the back of this, and this is a tangent,
 I apologize, I thought I'd try and find the worst role
 that Denise Richards has ever had to play,
 and I think I've found it, her first starring role
 was in a film called "Tammy and the T-Rex", OK?
 Which is a comedy about a girl whose boyfriend,
 his brain is put into a T-Rex, right?
 Yeah, I know, I've heard of us.
 OK, so it's a bit niche and a bit cult, but it's...
 What do you mean it's put into a T-Rex?
 Like, his consciousness goes into the T-Rex.
 What T-Rex? There is a T-Rex in the film, OK?
 Well, I'm getting to that, I'm getting to that.
 A mad scientist has created a T-Rex, OK?
 So this is the thing, I was reading about this film on IMDB,
 I cannot believe it.
 Basically, listen to this.
 The writer/director Stuart Raffle has said in an interview,
 "The idea for the film only happened
 "because they had access to a full-size T-Rex animatronic."
 Someone phoned him up and said,
 "Hey, we have this T-Rex for a month, what shall we do?
 "Shall we make a film?"
 They said, "I'll start writing immediately."
 The whole reason for the film
 is because they had access to this thing for a month.
 He was constantly writing scenes and then saying to his colleagues,
 "And the cast and crew, do you have any better ideas
 "for the next scene?"
 All locations were within 25 minutes of his house.
 It's incredible. Sounds amazing.
 It's such a good film. Wow, yeah.
 Dan will be watching that when he gets home tonight.
 That's what's so sad about this.
 Anyway, tangent over, sorry.
 Hey, listen, I need to move us on to our final fact of the show.
 It is time for our final fact, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that the Edible Advent Calendar
 came before the Printed Picture Advent Calendar.
 This is my interpretation of what the first Advent Calendar was,
 which was Gerhard Lang,
 who was the first person to print and sell Advent calendars.
 He did it in 1908, and he got his inspiration from his mum,
 who, when he was young, she had a little cardboard box thing
 to which she fixed a baked meringue pastry for each day of Advent,
 and she allowed him to eat one per day.
 Oh, yes. It's so charming.
 Yeah, in fact, it's something called "Wiebele,"
 which I think is a specific German dish.
 It's a sweet-like meringue, which has a figure of eight shape.
 Yeah, he was inspired by that, and he's the father of the Advent Calendar.
 And then his later Advent calendars were called Munich calendars, weren't they?
 Yeah.
 And then something in the '30s happened,
 and he just wasn't very popular anymore outside of Germany.
 Yeah.
 It's really tragic.
 Carmel was rationed in the '30s, and they shut his company down.
 The German government in the '30s, the Nazi government shut...
 Sorry, no one, sort of, you know, concealing that,
 but the Nazis made their own Advent calendars as well.
 Yeah, well, there was one company, wasn't there,
 that they accepted that they could make them,
 but they accepted the company.
 And basically, yeah, if you got an Advent calendar in Nazi Germany,
 it was just Nazi symbolism.
 Yeah, it was...
 Another swastika, basically, right?
 It was like a tank.
 No, no, no, there were tanks.
 There was Wotan, who was a Nordic god.
 It didn't mention Jesus at all,
 and there was advice on how to keep your children entertained over Christmas.
 Swastika biscuits for the SS,
 put a swastika at the top of the tree.
 Yeah, they were actually looking at it.
 Now there are a lot of swastikas as well.
 Yeah.
 'Cause they kind of, I think the Nazis tried to do away with...
 Oh, they kept Christmas, but they made it like a celebration of Nazism, didn't they?
 'Cause obviously Jesus was Jewish,
 and that didn't fit in with their ideas.
 Yeah, but they had a full...
 They couldn't be able to come up with their own pictures or stories.
 So they printed in 1943 a full calendar, full colour calendar,
 where I think each...
 I think this is around Christmas,
 and each image was like a Christmassy type image,
 but with a different story attached.
 So there was Mary and Joseph and baby Jesus in a manger,
 well, I think the three kings going up to them,
 and it had text underneath explaining that's just a story about a woodcutter,
 a soldier and a king who get lost in the woods
 and encounter a woman with a baby.
 Oh, wow.
 Come on, guys, be a bit imaginative.
 And so before this guy, was it called Gerhard Lang?
 Yeah.
 We think there were some kind of advent calendars,
 but they weren't mass produced, they weren't a proper thing.
 They were just a thing that people did in villages and towns and stuff, right?
 So in the 19th century, before that, so in the early 19th century,
 you would have a load of chalk marks on the road,
 and every day you would rub one off.
 Don't be disgusting.
 Timmy, what are we going to do together?
 Sorry, OK, no, mind.
 Too crude. Too crude.
 There was another one, there's a book by Elise Avedek
 called Roland und Elisabeth, which came out in 1851,
 and in that they say that every evening a new picture is added to the wallpaper.
 This is before Christmas, and the children know then when all 24 pictures
 are hanging on the wallpaper, then Christmas is here.
 Right. So that was a thing in this book from the 1850s.
 And quite like Elise Avedek, she basically was a deaconess.
 And she started this group of women who would organise
 like all the charity and stuff in the area.
 She was really awesome.
 And she had a motto, which was every person,
 whether man or woman should learn as much and for as long as he or she can,
 one can never learn too much.
 OK. I think it's our kind of thing, isn't it?
 Yeah, definitely. What's her name again?
 She's called Elise Avedek.
 I don't know if it's because we're doing a Christmas flow,
 but every time you say that, in my head I'm going,
 Elise Avedek, Elise Avedek, which is the Spanish Christmas.
 Elise Avedek. OK.
 Oh, yay!
 It just scans in my head.
 The advent calendars have gone really stratospheric in the last few years,
 I think there have been all, I mean, extreme novelty ones.
 So this year, you can get a sriracha advent calendar.
 Oh, nice. Which is marketed as the 12 days of sriracha.
 But then, surely, everything is just the same flavour of sriracha every time, though.
 James, I'm here to tell you you're wrong, wrong, wrong.
 Because it has 12 200 millilitre bottles of sriracha,
 which apparently you're getting through one of these things a day.
 Really?
 Original mayo, yellow chilli, green chilli, wasabi, blackout, super hot,
 extra garlic, smoky, black pepper, tikka and yuzu srirachas are available.
 And if you drink one of those every day, you will die.
 LAUGHTER
 Wow.
 Or if this one was a counteract, the product placement we were doing there.
 OK, well, are you hoping that you might get some free sriracha?
 I actually don't really, I don't especially like sriracha,
 I don't know why I brought it up.
 Well, I was going to tell you about the 2017 Porsche advent calendar.
 Oh!
 That cost one million dollars each.
 Wow.
 There was only one allowed on each continent on Earth.
 But it was 1.75 metres in height, it was made from aluminium,
 it contained a gold watch designed by Porsche.
 It supposedly contained a kitchen.
 But it's definitely not big enough, so maybe a voucher for a kitchen?
 I'm not really sure.
 It had a voucher possibly as well for a yacht in there.
 Also some sunglasses made from gold and some cuff links.
 Hang on, who are you handing this yacht voucher to?
 I love the idea of just like being a Tesco.
 Do you have any vouchers to redeem against your transaction today?
 Yes, I've got this for one yacht, please.
 LAUGHTER
 So funny.
 I know, I'm telling you this, can you get all that stuff?
 But how big is it, did you say?
 It was 1.75 metres.
 At least two of the seven things you named were vouchers,
 and one was a wristwatch, so where's the size coming in here?
 The sunglasses, the cuff links?
 No.
 Was there a Porsche? Did you get a Porsche?
 It didn't seem that way from what I saw.
 That's a bit fucking disappointing.
 Like, you're getting a fucking yacht!
 You're paying a million pounds for this,
 and you're not getting the feet that it's named after.
 Do you know how much yachts cost a lot more than a million pounds?
 Yeah, but when do you use a yacht?
 When do you use a yacht?
 You use cars every day.
 A yacht?
 You can't drive your kid to school in a yacht.
 Exactly, depends where you live.
 If you live on an archipelago,
 you absolutely can drive your kid to school in a yacht.
 I've been to some floating islands where people live,
 and the school is a floating island,
 and they definitely didn't use a yacht, I must admit.
 They use more of a wicker boat.
 Well, imagine how impressive a yacht would look next to that.
 Anyway, if Portia wants to send me one of those, then I will accept it.
 It's estimated that there are twice as many advent calendars for pets
 than there are with pictures of Jesus on them.
 God, who really? No.
 Well, this is an estimate that has been made by a man
 who is the founder of one of Britain's explicitly Christian advent calendars.
 He reckons there are 400,000 Jesus ones sold each year,
 and over a million pet advent calendars.
 I did read a story about a lady who bought her daughter
 a Garfield advent calendar and 11 days in,
 after she was complaining every day that the chocolate tastes a bit funky.
 I realize that it was an advent calendar for her cat.
 For 11 days, her child was like, "Wah!"
 And she even looked at it, I think, and was like,
 "Oh, it's green. It must be mint flavored."
 I don't know.
 OK, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy, @AndrewHunterM, James, @JamesHarken, and Anna.
 You can email podcast@qi.com.
 Or you can reach us on our group account, which is @NoSuchThing,
 or you can find us on the website, NoSuchThing, as a fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are there, so do check them out.
 Also, in January, we are going to be doing the final leg of our nerd immunity tour.
 Do come and see us live.
 It's going to be awesome shows.
 There's eight more of them to go, so do come along.
 And before we wrap up tonight, just to let you know here at Birmingham,
 it's quite a sad night for us,
 because the effectively fifth fish member of our tour is leaving us.
 This is his final show tonight.
 This is Ash Gardner.
 Ash, you will know in the background of NoSuchThing as a fish.
 He is the singer and writer of our theme tune, which is called Wasps.
 When you hear that, go check it out on Spotify.
 There's a full album by MPRES, and that's where we got our theme tune from.
 When we started as a podcast,
 he was the person who gave us the gear in order to record it
 and taught us how to press play and how to do it all genuinely.
 We used his stuff.
 When we first decided to do a live show,
 he was the guy who came and mic'd up the whole room and worked out how we could do it
 so that could get out there.
 He's fed us facts the whole way through.
 He's been on every single tour with us.
 He's been the person that's basically been our emotional crutch for the tour,
 always making us happy.
 Just such an awesome guy.
 This is his last night.
 So we're going to close the show tonight by having him come on stage
 and sing the theme tune for you as we end the night.
 Yeah, we're missing him so much.
 He's really just beating hard with our tour.
 It's going to be horrible to do it without him.
 But fuck him.
 He's moving to Australia, so tough luck.
 Anyway, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 We'll be back again next week.
 We'll see you.
 Thank you so much, Bernie, and that is awesome.
 We'll catch you next time.
 Here we go.
 Ash Garner, get the music up.
 What's up, girls?
 Can we turn that up?
 Crank it.
 Oh, we're going right through the chorus.
 Let's not escape.
 They'll move from hive to hive, leaving nothing alive.
 So it's time to get together, show what we can do.
 You hold on to me, and I'll hold on to you.
 It's time to get together, show what we can do.
 You hold on to me, and I'll hold on to you.
 Thank you, guys.
 Take care.
 See you next time.
 (audience applauds)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
