 (upbeat music)
 - Hi guys, just before we start the show,
 here is a warning, we have a special guest on today.
 - Yes, very exciting guest, a author, a published author.
 - A published author, I can't believe we've pinned her down.
 But one of the ways we haven't pinned her down
 is that she works in the office with us.
 It's Ann Miller, you will have heard her before.
 - That's right, Ann Miller has just released
 her debut children's book, it's so good.
 It's called Mickey and the Animal Spies,
 and it is the story of a young girl
 who gets recruited into a secret organization called Cobra.
 But it is not manned by humans, but by animals.
 - That's right, I realized I'm not a child,
 but I have actually read it and I genuinely loved it.
 It's like a fantasy book that you wish you'd had
 if you were sort of 7, 8, 9, 10, 11, 12, 34.
 - I'm not a child either, however,
 I do have the reading level of a seven year old,
 and I have to say I think any kid who gets this book
 will be fascinated, they'll know more's code at the end of it,
 and they will just want more,
 and they're gonna get more because it's part of a trilogy.
 - It is, yes, and it does have code scattered throughout it.
 So it's almost at a mini-activity book,
 and yeah, it features some cracking animals,
 it gets cats in it, there's rats,
 there's complex characters who maybe you don't love at first,
 but you grow very fond of.
 There is a Cobra, 'cause it's very funny pun
 on the real life Cobra organization,
 and then Cobra the snake.
 It's a brilliant book, go get it.
 And to get it, you should go on the internet,
 where you can buy books,
 or you should go to a bookshop where you can also buy books,
 and just ask for Mickey and the Animal Spies.
 - By Anne Miller, who joins us on today's show,
 so let's get to it, on with the episode.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish",
 a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here
 with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray, and Anne Miller,
 and once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anne.
 - My fact is that even the dust at GCHQ is classified.
 (laughing)
 - So what does this mean?
 - So I went to a great exhibition on at the Science Museum,
 which is 100 years of GCHQ,
 and they've got things that they've never been seen before.
 And one of the facts I found there is that
 when they have things need to be taken out of service,
 and machines, paperwork, things like that,
 it gets ground down to become electronic waste,
 and it's dust, but it's certified,
 so I can't just go in the bin,
 because it's so, so, so secret what they've ground up,
 even the ground up stuff is secret.
 (laughing)
 - So they dispose of it really securely somewhere, do they?
 - They do not discuss how they dispose of it.
 (laughing)
 - Can you imagine being a double agent
 and going to the Russians and go,
 "I've got my hands on, it's classified."
 - It does.
 - Yeah, and you show them the dust.
 I don't think they'd be happy.
 I don't think they'd consider it classified.
 - Well, they might, because another thing I found
 at the museum was these things called microdots.
 So this is very tiny coded messages,
 so it would look like it's like a little
 very small polka dot print,
 and when you bring out a lens, it will magnify it,
 and you can read like I saw Anna on the bridge
 at two o'clock, the meter five or something.
 So the dust, they get very, very small,
 and they're still very, very secret, so everything is.
 - If you're wearing a polka dot dress, for example,
 and you know that one of the dots is the microdot,
 you have to remember really carefully which one it is.
 - The best place to hide something is
 where lots of things look the same.
 - Yeah.
 - Sounds like a great exhibition.
 - We've got dust, we've got tiny dots you can't read.
 - I've got tons of machines as well.
 - I just like the idea, is it like the hardest jigsaw
 you've ever done piecing the dust back together?
 Do you think you collect the dust,
 spew it on the floor, and then have to put it back in order?
 - I suspect that you can't repeat the dust now,
 but maybe you could one day.
 - So the worst Ikea assembling, isn't it?
 - We've got you a computer, it is a dust war.
 - So this is not the first time that this kind of rubbish
 has been useful in espionage.
 So during the Cold War, there was an operation called Tamarisk,
 if you guys heard of this.
 So the USA and the UK and France,
 they all had military liaisons in East Germany,
 and the Soviets were allowed some in West Germany.
 So it was supposed to be a way of lowering tensions
 by having a bit of representation on either side,
 but basically it just turned into legalized espionage
 'cause obviously people sent spies to do that,
 to work in those missions.
 And the Western officers launched this operation
 where they would gather up paper from Soviet bins,
 and sometimes they had to gather up used toilet paper
 because a lot of people would not give
 a toilet paper in the Soviet mission,
 or on the Soviet side.
 So they would use confidential paper as toilet paper,
 and then the Western spies had to go through
 gathering pooey paper from bins basically,
 which had classified information on it.
 - That's useful though,
 'cause you can also report back on their diets.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - You can call the information you possibly want.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, and it was one of the most successful operations
 of the whole Cold War was gathering information
 from pooey bins.
 (laughing)
 - But I think part of the thing is you don't,
 like there's so much work in, you know,
 making things secret, but there's other things you give away
 just by your choice of toilet paper, or your dust,
 and you've got to be--
 - Really?
 - Yeah, they all like scented toilet paper.
 They must have, you know,
 scented tastes.
 (laughing)
 Is that a useful thing to know?
 - Sure.
 - It's just what shops you might find, then.
 (laughing)
 - Did you know that GCHQ was not recognized officially
 until 1994?
 - Yeah.
 - So it was bizarre, GCHQ and MI5,
 until there was, like, an official acknowledgement,
 there was a parliamentary act, which basically said,
 what its role should be.
 Basically, all anyone knew was from me
 in Fleming and John LeCarrie.
 - Yeah.
 And whenever a bone film comes out,
 recruitment applications peak at GCHQ.
 - Yeah, that might say, 'cause everyone's like,
 "Oh, give that a go."
 - Even though they said that James Bond
 wouldn't get a job there, haven't they?
 - Yeah, why?
 - 'Cause reading alcoholic.
 - And also not emotionally intelligent.
 - Oh.
 - Which is fair enough.
 - So I was reading an article,
 which was like an inside GCHQ,
 which I love this stuff.
 - There's not that much in them
 because they can't tell you that much.
 But the article was in the FT,
 and it interviewed the head of GCHQ,
 who's called Jeremy Fleming,
 as an Ian Fleming,
 and the article was written
 by the FT security editor, David Bond.
 - Oh God.
 - Oh God.
 - What is the argument to terminism to the mat?
 - Do you know that the head of IT at GCHQ is AI?
 - What?
 - Okay, that's not true, it turns out.
 I met Red the article.
 It's a guy called Al, but it looks like AI,
 when you read it.
 - I'll run by a robot.
 - But what's interesting about him is he's dyslexic.
 He's the head of IT, and he's dyslexic.
 And I was reading this in an article.
 - His name is actually LA, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 - So this is an article.
 - Written in the Times,
 a journalist was allowed into GCHQ to do this article,
 and it was very funny because they had,
 as the journalist went in,
 all these A4 bits of paper,
 blue tack to walls, saying caution,
 journalist interview,
 keep all conversations too official.
 (laughing)
 And everywhere this journalist went,
 that's where they saw.
 But they were doing an article about
 the neurodiversity program at GCHQ.
 So there are 300 men and women there
 who all have dyslexia or autism or aspergers,
 and face blindness, for example.
 So there's one lady who works there,
 who's a former chemist called Jill,
 and she's their intelligence analysis.
 She can do that, and she's ahead of it.
 But she struggles to recognize her employer's face
 who she's worked with for eight years,
 because of the face blindness disease that she has.
 So it's an extraordinary article
 about the people that they hire there.
 - I read one as well.
 And they said, "I don't listen for the day,"
 and like Dan was going to be careful what they say,
 and someone was told that he was allowed to go
 around the building, and that was fine.
 He's allowed to go in for like six days,
 but he wasn't allowed to go into the canteen
 where people may be discussing things informally.
 (laughing)
 - Yes, but the fire in his vine for the canteen.
 - Just start him out, basically, eventually.
 - No, yeah.
 - And that's part of the thing with the baristas, isn't it?
 - Oh yeah.
 - Like they have a Costa coffee, and they're the coffee shop
 in GCHQ as well, and they have to go
 under a regular spy training.
 'Cause it's not like a regular.
 You can't just, like, - Yeah, that's really funny.
 - You've got different levels of security.
 You need to be able to pass.
 - You can write 007 on the side of the cup,
 and so is that 001?
 - Completely different age and person's hand up.
 I just blown two agents cover right there.
 (laughing)
 - They did have a building in London,
 which they ran for 66 years and never acknowledged
 until they just left.
 They left the last year, and it was apparently intentionally
 boring, you know, it was designed to look
 just like a really drab office block.
 This and James' Park actually is where it is.
 Anyway, they moved out in 2019, and then they said,
 "Ah, it was GCHQ, all along."
 But the BBC, the BBC sent some reporters
 to ask people in the area,
 "What do you think that building was?"
 And they said, "Oh, it's the spies, isn't it?"
 (laughing)
 "Am I sick, secret service?"
 "It's something they're all spies, anyway."
 - Every day, they were going in,
 like, with their trench coats on, and they're
 (laughing)
 - So that lasted.
 - Magnifying glass.
 (laughing)
 - You're having your book launch in a spy building.
 - In the original GCHQ building.
 - Yeah, so I've been, when I walk on my lunch break,
 I walk past this building, and you sort of look around
 at the plaques, and we're looking for facts,
 and there was a plaque on the wall that said,
 it was the original home of GCHQ.
 They only unveiled the plaque, I think, last year.
 The clique of Queen came to unveil it for the centenary,
 and here's the best bit.
 They're hidden messages on the plaque,
 because it's the GCHQ.
 - Oh!
 - Like, no one.
 - Yes.
 - What was so great?
 - I don't know.
 - Oh, they've just told you there's a hidden message,
 but can we go and find it?
 - We need to go and find it.
 I actually don't know what it is.
 I've been walking past that plaque many times,
 I never thought to look for a code,
 and now I'm trying to go a lunch break.
 - Yeah, I think we should.
 - I love the fact that you say,
 you wander around looking at plaques,
 looking at your eye facts,
 we're never off the clock here.
 - Oh, it's a bunch of things.
 The overnight lunch break clear my head.
 Oh.
 - We're gonna have to move on in a sec to my next fact.
 - Just about the actual recruitment process,
 and what it takes.
 It's quite fun to read about.
 So the initial interview that you get for GCHQ
 is designed to test your knowledge of technical subjects,
 such as how a smartphone works.
 So I wouldn't pass that phase, but many do.
 And then you get this interrogation about your private life,
 and often you just out of university,
 and they interrogate you basically about your sexual history.
 And so one of the girls who joined,
 I think she was 22 at the time,
 she had the vetting officer knew more about me
 than anyone else alive.
 And you know, you have to discuss everyone,
 you've ever shacked with them,
 and all of your friends and family,
 you get drug tested, so you get a bit of hair clipped off.
 This seems like a real oversight.
 For instance, one person got this done,
 went to the hairdresser the next week,
 and the hairdresser was like,
 oh my god, you've got this random bull patch
 on the back of your head.
 And then you've got to come up with a cover story.
 They're like, oh yeah, just trying it out.
 That's probably your first test as a sponsor.
 That's another reason why James Bond
 probably wouldn't get in as a spy, actually,
 because the interview process to discuss
 everyone he'd ever slept with is still going on.
 He's still there, he's in a room somewhere.
 I read a piece of somebody who does recruitment for MI5,
 just known as Joe, and they basically explained
 that some candidates who come
 have got some strange ideas for what actually
 the job involves because of James Bond.
 I guess people are really scared to take this,
 that's not what the job is like.
 And some of the questions Joe was asked
 included, do I have to wear my own clothes to work?
 Should I wear a disguise instead?
 And do I need to dump my partner to work here?
 Because if I do, I will.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, it's time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that people drive more carefully
 if they have a pavlova in the car than their own child.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So this is an experiment that was done.
 It was a survey done, slightly as a PR stunt,
 by an insurance firm in Australia.
 They asked drivers about their behavior.
 First of all, they just said, what makes you drive more carefully?
 Would you drive more carefully if your child was in the car?
 Half of all parents surveyed said, yes, absolutely.
 Only 12% of those people said they would be more cautious
 if they were driving a pavlova around.
 Pavlova, and a rang, and cream-based pudding.
 Yeah.
 OK, good.
 And a child is a smaller version of a person.
 Anyway, they tested it with a small sample,
 admittedly, only 20 drivers.
 But over an eight-day period, they
 were asked to drive alone, with a child, and with a pavlova.
 95% of them, 19 out of 20, drove more carefully
 with a pavlova on board, which was way more
 than were more careful with their children.
 And what did the school say when they dropped off a pavlova
 at school when they didn't have the time?
 Nobody noticed the difference.
 Very impressive.
 I think it makes sense.
 It makes perfect sense.
 Daniel, the one who's got a child, that's slightly worried.
 That's true.
 Why do you think it makes sense, or do you have to explain that?
 Well, if you've had anything in the back of a car,
 that is of a sensitive nature, of course,
 you're going to take corners less sharply of this.
 Of course.
 Of course.
 Babies are very resilient.
 Well, you can't put a seatbelt around a pavlova.
 You could probably get it some sort of transportation device.
 Like, almost cupcake carriers, but with a belt.
 You can see it.
 Yeah, that's true.
 So maybe this solves all the driving issues
 that we have in the world, just anyone who's
 a bit of a dangerous driver, pop a pavlova in the back.
 And we're just going to solve everything.
 I am looking at more Australian studies about drivers,
 and one was about how people, when they first get their license,
 are very cautious, very careful.
 And as we drive them for longer, some people are more distracted.
 We start some people, some people start
 to see it as time taken out of their day.
 So what they did was they parked by a road
 and they took photos of anyone they saw
 doing on correct procedure.
 And pictures they got included people eating cereal at the wheel,
 brushing their hair and reading books.
 Wow.
 Driving around Australia.
 That's what it says.
 That's speed reading.
 I mean.
 Yeah.
 Did you guys know there's no safety difference
 between using a phone while you're driving a handheld phone
 and a hands-free phone?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So I actually learned this.
 I went to a magic show at the Welcome Center,
 and it was about--
 [LAUGHTER]
 I have fact check this afterwards.
 It was about the science of misdirection
 and the fact that we don't notice things
 and the fact that we can be so easily distracted.
 And study after study has found that if you're on a phone,
 you're four times more likely to be involved in an accident
 completely regardless of whether it's handheld or hands-free.
 And it's just because it's the concentration that's distracted,
 not your actual hand.
 And so it found that, for instance, specifically,
 if you're on the phone and someone on the phone says,
 oh, do you remember where you put the bananas or whatever?
 And you have to find--
 Yeah.
 We're going to need to slice them up for the path over.
 What do you want?
 Then you're at your heads and your kitchen,
 rather than your head and your kitchen,
 not literally, but, metaphorically.
 And that apparently reduces your field of vision
 to about a quarter.
 Your field of vision that you can concentrate on to about a quarter,
 if you imagine that other place?
 I was looking into a few road safety things as well.
 So this was for pedestrians, rather than for how you drive safely.
 There was one idea that was put forward back in the 1930s,
 which didn't, unfortunately, happen.
 But I love the idea of it.
 So imagine you hit by a car.
 And the car does a hit and run.
 Disappears on you.
 Cars, and we're going to be designed
 with this little disc that shoots out of the car
 when a hit and run happens so that the person, if they were
 so knocked out, they couldn't see the license plate or anything.
 Grab the disc, which has the details of the owner of the car.
 That's a great idea.
 Yeah, and they never implemented it.
 I don't know why.
 Possibly, maybe the disc might have decapitated.
 Someone has shot out of the car.
 Just involuntary business car dispersal, basically.
 I like this weird gadget that was added to Volvo's actually.
 In 2007, it was a car safety thing.
 It was a smart key.
 It was a remote smart key, which we have now.
 So you can open your car from 100 yards away or whatever.
 And it contained a highly sensitive heartbeat sensor.
 It advertised itself as a world first.
 And that meant that when you went to unlock your car,
 it told you if there was somebody hiding in it.
 Hide it.
 Yeah, that's right.
 It flashed.
 So if you have 50 yards in your car, you unlocked it.
 It would give you a little flash to say,
 there's a person in there, get your weapons out.
 Really, distinguish, like, human from like Volvo.
 No, it's specified.
 It will tell if there's a human or an animal.
 So you wouldn't know if it was just a mouse scottling around.
 Or a person hiding in your boots.
 Yeah.
 Better safe than sorry, though.
 But that's never a thing that I've ever thought to check.
 Well, it's a good way of making your extremely paranoid
 now when you get into your car.
 But you know there's always that thing where you're driving,
 where you have this panic that you're
 going to look in the rearview mirror
 and you'll see someone rising up behind you.
 That's the movie, right?
 I've never had that, and I think you got that.
 Yeah, of course.
 Every time you're driving on your own at night.
 No.
 I don't know the car, it's tapping isn't what you've got to watch for.
 Oh, wow.
 That was a ghost story when I was a kid.
 OK.
 Do you have a big rug on your back seat, which could cover a murder?
 Just remove the rug.
 Well, it might be, I think we've mentioned this,
 but when the Berlin Wall, when people were trying to get across,
 there was that couple where the lady who shouldn't have gone across
 was sewn into the seat of the car.
 Oh, yeah.
 So that's another spot you got to worry about.
 Yeah, check inside the seat.
 Check inside your seats.
 Check underneath the big rug.
 If you didn't spot him on the roof or where you got in,
 that's your own problem.
 This study that you were mentioning, Andy,
 this was done in Australia, right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And so, Australia is very proud of Pavlova, because we invented it.
 Been a lot of dispute with the New Zealanders about who invented it.
 And then I learned, neither of us did, it turns out it's German.
 Is the latest theory.
 I love that there's theories of Pavlova origin.
 Nice.
 So what, what, what, what's the German origin?
 It's named after Anna Pavlova, the ballerina,
 because she was touring in Australia and New Zealand
 at the same time in the late 20s.
 So that's why both countries think they invented it.
 But really, there had been Pavlova style recipes,
 you know, you need burang and cream and fruit
 since the 18th century in Germany.
 So one of them was called a "shown taught" or "foam cake".
 And another one was called "Spanish wind taught".
 So they had the thing that just didn't call it Pavlova.
 I don't know if I'd put the word "wind" in a recipe now,
 just unless it was sort of a bean recipe or something.
 She apparently, Anna Pavlova, had more food, named after her.
 The only one that I could find was frog legs,
 Ella Pavlova.
 Is it because she was a ballerina?
 Yeah, frog legs had legs.
 Yeah, well, it was famous for having good legs.
 Famously known as what people have legs.
 You know, so she was an excellent ballerina, not just a ballerina.
 It's so good and so popular that when she died in 1931,
 when she died of pneumonia, and in fact, when she died,
 she was diagnosed with pneumonia, told she'd have to have an operation.
 That would mean she could never dance again.
 And she said no, I'd rather be dead.
 So she died in 1931 of pneumonia.
 And the next show that she was scheduled to do, the audience came,
 and they put a spotlight on an empty stage
 and the spotlight followed around exactly where she would have been.
 And they just watched that and said, "Isn't that cool?"
 That's cool. Not a good excuse to die, though.
 The whole dancing thing, I would say.
 Well, if it's the one thing you love.
 If I came back home and said they were like, "Dan, you got pneumonia."
 "We'll give you an operation, but it means you can't podcast anymore."
 I think Fonella would have an issue if I said, actually.
 Send me to the grave.
 I'd love for you to have that operation.
 I just think for myself.
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Ringo Starr's grandmother
 performed exorcisms on him to cure him from being left-handed.
 Wow.
 She reported to child services, or was that that was before?
 It's a different time.
 Different time.
 Did it work?
 It did, yeah.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Well, for many years it did.
 Because I thought that he said in one interview that he plays
 with the right-handed drum kit, but he sort of leads with his left hand.
 Yes.
 He does most other things left-handed.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Doesn't look like it partially works.
 Maybe by exorcisms, she actually just bought him the right-handed drum kit.
 I think that's why exorcisms will be easier for her.
 Why am she going around doing exorcisms?
 So Ringo Starr's grandmother, Annie Bauer, she was born in 1889.
 She was known in Liverpool as the voodoo queen of Liverpool,
 certainly within the family.
 That's what she was famous for.
 And she was sort of known as a sort of 20th century witch.
 She used to concoct her own remedies.
 She would make potions when she was sort of looking after sick people.
 She used to invoke Satan.
 She used to try and expel Satan from people.
 So to bring him out, doing exorcisms on various people.
 And so when she saw that her grandson was left-handed,
 she thought that's the devil.
 Left-handedness is associated with that.
 I'm going to get rid of him.
 And she spent years of him, the devil.
 Oh, sorry.
 Yeah, sorry.
 And so she spent ages trying to exercise it out of him.
 But what's truly interesting about this is that Ringo says it's for this reason
 that he developed what became the unique drumming style that he had
 because he drums on a right-handed drum kit.
 But as a left-hander, it takes him just a split second more,
 like a tiny microsecond more to get to that bit of the drum.
 And that gives him a sort of lazy drumming style
 that's slightly off time, which gives it a swing.
 So the negative interpretation is that had he not been exercised
 as a child, he might have been a better drummer?
 No, because he's an unbelievable drummer.
 Unless a less unique drummer.
 He's an incredible drummer.
 We should talk a bit about the book you've got this from, Dan,
 because this is from a book called "Is It Tune in?"
 Yeah.
 It's "The Bography of the Beatles" by Mark Lewison.
 This is an amazing book, because it's nearly 1,000 pages long
 and it ends in 1962.
 Yeah.
 End as they're releasing their first single.
 It is good to have that warning that it ends after 1,000 pages
 just as they start, I think, before you embark on the book.
 It's like that when you're reading a novel, and it's sort of really crunchy,
 and you're really near the end, and you're like, "They can't wrap this whole app."
 And you're like, "No! Turn the pages to the end.
 What they're going to cover their whole career?"
 And then they did quite well the end.
 I like the fact that he found the first fan of the Beatles,
 tracked her down.
 She was an Irish woman called Pat Morin, who lived in Liverpool,
 and there's another churchy devil connection here,
 because her father sent her to confession
 for talking about the Beatles too much.
 Cool.
 Which apparently classified as a sin.
 God, you're clutching its straws if that's your sin.
 You've got to start rebelling more.
 Well, they were all, because the Beatles had a very odd effect on girls
 in that period in the 1960s.
 There was a book that came out about them that said John Lennon was told.
 Girls in the audience were actively touching themselves
 in the audience and orgasming while they were playing on stage.
 They had this kind of craze.
 And that was in the 1960s.
 That's a very different world to what we...
 I don't know. It was a liberated time.
 Everyone was on air.
 But they were the people liberating...
 By causing a lot of public masturbation.
 So on the way people behaved around the Beatles,
 they had to be quite heavy security for them all the time.
 And in fact, they changed the way that the Japanese police operate.
 So the Japanese police today were white gloves.
 So if you ever go to the pan using the police, they wear white gloves,
 and a lot of people have wondered why...
 It's a Michael Jackson tribute, isn't it?
 And a lot of people think it's a Michael Jackson tribute,
 but actually a huge misconception.
 The Beatles went there in 1966.
 And the police chief, who was responsible for the police force there,
 said that there had to be a layer of propriety added between the police
 and the women, they were inevitably going to be touching
 as they dragged them away kicking and screaming from the Beatles.
 And so they all had to wear these white gloves.
 And he was interviewed in 2010, and he confirmed that.
 And it was to reinforce this thing called "ragitadashisha",
 which is sort of a notion of propriety.
 But that's interesting, because I think the Japanese subways
 famously very, very, very, very busy.
 And they have people whose job it is to push people into the carriages
 to make crown more people in.
 And I'm pretty sure they wear white gloves.
 So maybe it's a bit more polite rather than shoving you.
 I mean, officially shoving you.
 But that move is where they get the song.
 In fact, that's where they got the inspiration for their song.
 All you need is glove.
 Hmm, it's very strong.
 -Love me, dude. -Love me, dude.
 A lot of their songs have the word "love" in them.
 -Let's go through the world. -Let's go through the world.
 The glove album.
 So the Hamburg days were extraordinary.
 This is the two years before they basically
 got into the charts in the very start of the '60s.
 And they lived in Hamburg, basically,
 in this storage room behind the stage
 where they performed in this CD bar.
 And they sort of lived on fold-out beds,
 and they had to shower in the public bathrooms in the bar.
 And that's where they actually got spotted by George Martin,
 I think, who basically sort of made the Beatles.
 But he thought they were kind of crap in a lot of ways.
 So he thought they couldn't write songs.
 They were really keen to write their own songs.
 And I think he wanted them to release a cover
 as their first kind of number one, or he intended.
 And he said their songwriting was crap.
 The first records we issued were "Love Me Do" and "P.S."
 "I Love You," which are not exactly cold-pulsar, are they?
 Which, actually, if you listen to this, it's fair enough.
 But yeah, he thought they were crap.
 When they were in Hamburg, they obviously
 were not making very much money at all.
 I think they got £2.50 per show.
 And they had to do four shows on a weeknight,
 five on a Saturday and six on a Sunday.
 It's like a Pantos catcher.
 Yeah, it really is.
 And then they got offered from a rival club.
 And so the boss of the first club they'd been working at,
 reported George Harrison to the police and got him deported.
 And then, the same manager had already had it in for them.
 He got McCartney, I can't believe this.
 He got McCartney and Pete Best arrested
 and deported for setting fire to a condom.
 Oh, I don't understand why.
 Surely it doesn't take two people to set fire to a condom.
 I want to hold a condom, I want to light the match.
 I'm trying to light a match with one hand.
 We should say we're talking about their Hamburg days,
 but Ringo wasn't there for their Hamburg days.
 So they were a five-man operation.
 Many people say the superior version.
 So that was with Pete Best and Stuart Zuckercliffe.
 Yeah.
 Just on the fact, Pete Best left the Beatles
 and he didn't go on to anything major.
 So Ringo Starr, as well as the Beatles,
 his other big thing was he was the voice of Thomas the Tank Engine.
 Series one.
 And I found another sort of rock connection
 of someone who left a band just before it got big.
 And it relates to Thomas the Tank Engine.
 Timothy Steffel was the lead singer of a band called Smile.
 And then he left because he thought the band was going nowhere.
 So the guitarist and the drummer brought in a new singer
 called Freddie Mercury.
 And that band was Queen, obviously.
 And so Smile was Roger Taylor, Brian May, and Timothy Steffel.
 Steffel left.
 But he found a second career as a model maker
 for all the trains on Thomas the Tank Engine.
 Oh, my God.
 Ringo Starr.
 That was incredible.
 That's really cool.
 Because the fact controller in Thomas the Tank Engine
 was played by Bill Wyman after he left the Rolling Stone.
 You're kidding.
 Yeah, I'm kidding.
 Done for God's sake.
 Sorry, I was getting so excited.
 I think it's time to come in three.
 Yeah, exactly.
 There's probably probably is one more rock connection
 to come up with the tank around the whereabouts.
 Listeners, find it.
 Just one-- another thing about Ringo's life post Beatles.
 Possibly the highlight of his career
 was when he did a pizza advert in 1995.
 This was a seminal moment, because it
 was when the stuffed crust of Pizza Hut fame came into being.
 And it was this great advert where he sort of threw out
 the addy's pretending he was getting the band back together.
 And it's like, oh, I've got to convince them.
 Oh, they'll never do it.
 Come on.
 You should watch the advert.
 Getting the band back together.
 Lenin had been dead for 14 years at this point.
 Yeah, it was a sick advert, OK?
 So he makes us seem like he's going to resurrect John Lenin's
 dead body.
 Probably needed his grandmother for that.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So he's in this advert saying, I'll get the band back together.
 Until it becomes clear at the end, what he's actually saying
 is, I'm going to convince them all to eat pizza crust first.
 And then there's this really awkward moment
 where in the final scene, his three apparent bandmates
 come on and start eating it crust first.
 Anyway, it's a humorous advert.
 The amusing thing is, he's never eaten a pizza in his life.
 He watched that advert as it goes towards his mouth,
 the advert ends, because he's allergic to all
 the ingredients of pizza.
 All the ingredients of pizza.
 Every ingredient.
 He's allergic to onions, garlic, spices.
 He's allergic to all this stuff.
 Never had a pizza, never had a curry.
 We need to move on.
 I can just mention one last thing, and then we'll move on.
 And so Pete Bess, the original drummer.
 He was kicked out, which was devastating for him.
 But he continued to be a musician
 after he got over a bit of a depressive stage.
 And he went on to release an album
 called Best of the Beatles, which a lot of people accidentally
 bought, by mistake, thinking it was a compilation
 of the greatest hits.
 Best of not the best of all.
 Exactly.
 He claimed the wrong word.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Juzinski.
 My fact this week is that baby albatrosses
 can take up to six days to peck their way out of their eggs.
 Imagine being trapped somewhere in the dark six days.
 It's like the Great Escape.
 And this is called Pipping.
 So what happens is they've got the egg tooth, which
 a lot of birds have, which is a sort of hard projection
 on their bills.
 And they peck away at the shell from the inside.
 And on average, albatross chicks take about 3.5 days
 to emerge, but some of them are weaker ones,
 the thicker-shelled ones, they take up to a week
 to make their way out.
 That's interesting, yeah.
 And I think part of them will emerge,
 and they can sort of be fed.
 So you do see eggs with sort of a head sticking out.
 And it's like you've gone on the couple of days left, mate.
 But if you're going to help them by feeding them,
 could you not help them open their egg?
 You've got to let kids learn for themselves.
 We're albatrosses to start.
 OK, time to fledge.
 I'm not ready to fledge them in the egg.
 They sometimes lose their eggs, albatrosses.
 So most of them keep them in a nest.
 And we should say there are 20 species of albatrosses,
 which I didn't like.
 But some of them waved albatrosses quite mobile,
 and they will move their egg around their territory
 with them as they go.
 And frequently they just lose them.
 So 80% of the anguish don't hatch are because they get lost.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 I think you always get in calls from sort of restaurants saying,
 excuse me, sorry, I think you left your egg on the wrong table.
 But albatrosses are generally, apart from the ones
 who lose their eggs, quite good parents.
 So albatrosses, a couple of them, they say,
 and these parents dropped to 50 years.
 But they're not completely monogamous.
 So they did a study of 75 different albatrosses.
 And 10% of them had different fathers
 to the albatross raising them.
 But both the male and the female albatrosses
 will go and be with other albatrosses.
 But they'll always come back to their home albatross.
 Yeah.
 But so they are 100% faithful, as a, let's say,
 in a married couple, as a married couple, let's say,
 in quotations.
 They pair for life.
 But if this is your view of faithfulness as a married man,
 then I dread to think of another's listening right now.
 No, no, no, no.
 What I dread was there was a book that came out
 called "The Thing with Feathers" by Noah Stryker.
 And Noah Stryker did basically a table
 of bird divorce rates for this book.
 He looked at 100 or so different species of birds,
 and he built the divorce rates.
 And at the top of the most faithful in terms
 of remaining with a single partner for their whole life
 was the albatross.
 And flamingos were right at the bottom.
 They have a 99% divorce rate.
 Wow.
 But basically, what we're saying is albatrosses
 have open marriages.
 Yeah, on both sides.
 Yeah, OK.
 Do you know why albatrosses tend not
 to go to divorce lawyers?
 Because the bill too big.
 The bills are huge.
 When one of us immediately guessed the punchline to your joke
 at it is worth reconsidering.
 That's quite an interesting thing, actually,
 about these open relationships.
 And this is related to the lason albatross
 which lives around the Hawaiian Islands.
 They have this weird gender imbalance.
 59% of them are female on there.
 And that's just because a lot of females immigrated there.
 So they often separate in their flying season.
 And this means that 31% of lason albatross pairs
 are female on female.
 They raise chicks together.
 So the males will inseminate a series of females
 and can only raise one egg at a time.
 And so the other women who've been abandoned by their man
 find another lady.
 And they raise the egg together.
 And they will stay together for a lifetime.
 Just like just like male female pairs.
 And they're pretty successful raising the chicks.
 The lason albatrosses are really interesting.
 They do their courting, viral dance
 that they have, which is an established dance.
 What they do is, when they're about three years of age,
 they go back to their birthplace and they all meet there
 and they learn the dance as a group.
 And then eventually, they find their partner
 when they're ready to court.
 It's this-- - They're very intricate.
 But it does take years of practice.
 So actually, we've got these people who listen
 to our show who are so great called Michelle and Chris.
 And they work with albatrosses out on Goff Island.
 These really endangered albatrosses.
 - Where's Goff Island, sorry?
 - Goff Island is in the South Atlantic.
 So yeah, they work with them.
 And anyway, one of them wrote to me and said that display
 is it's like head bobbing.
 It's wings spreading.
 They make these bubbling sounds in their throats.
 And yeah, they practice for years and years
 before they're ready.
 Imagine if you're flirting.
 You have to practice flirting for--
 - I mean, I did.
 (laughing)
 And for years and years, you know, you're interested.
 So this is bringing a lot of might be an albatross.
 They do have kind of singles bars where they go.
 Some side species do.
 Well, yeah, they have things all gams.
 So this is for Southern Bullers albatrosses.
 When they're aged about eight years old,
 the males all go ashore and they make a nest.
 And then the females visit and they have a look around
 and they're like, you know, whether they like it or not,
 but they only form a pair in their fourth year on shore.
 They've already been through three years
 of prospecting each other and checking each other out.
 - It's like university.
 - It's exactly like university.
 - Per-up at the end.
 - Yeah.
 And four years.
 So we know it's a Scottish or American university, for example.
 - So my favourite albatross is, have you heard of Albert,
 the lonely Scottish albatross?
 - No.
 - Albert, very sadly, was blown off course
 in the South Atlantic in 1967 and rocked off in Scotland
 where he's been living as a bachelor ever since.
 He's not yet found and made.
 - Can't he part with a puffin or something?
 Size difference.
 (laughing)
 And these things don't get in the way of true love.
 Yeah, so he's living between.
 Yeah, he lives between the Alter Hebrides and Shetland.
 - Are there people around where he is?
 Or is he just monitored?
 - He's been seen by Broadway shows,
 but I think he's a little weaker albatross.
 It's not people.
 - Oh my god.
 - He's just idea.
 - As a bird watcher, if you're spending your whole life
 around blue tits and sparrows,
 that is fucking exciting when a giant albatross
 appears on their horizon.
 'Cause they are massive.
 They've got, I think the Wingspan,
 the Wondering Albatross Wingspan is 3.5 meters, is it?
 - 3.5 meters.
 - They're ridiculously huge.
 - It's big.
 - Anyway, I just want to talk about the Tristan albatross,
 which is the second biggest albatross.
 So people thought it was in the same species
 as the Wondering, and then it split away in 1998.
 Anyway, these are the albatrosses that are friends
 and podcast listeners, Michelle and Chris look after
 on Goff Island, because the most amazing thing
 has been happening to them.
 So they're obviously huge, but they don't have any natural
 predators 'cause they're alone on this island.
 And so they have no defense mechanisms.
 So invasive mice arrived on the island a few decades ago,
 and they've just been eating them.
 - Oh no.
 - So these, it's unbelievable.
 So these tiny little mice, you'll get a 20 gram mouse,
 and it will just eat away at 10 kilogram albatross chick.
 Or sometimes I'll even eat the adults,
 so that adults will stay with the chicks
 and let themselves be eaten by mice
 because they're so afraid to leave.
 - Wow.
 - That chick is really, really sad,
 and so they become critically endangered
 because of this.
 - But they must have.
 - They sit there.
 - What do you mean they have no, they can move?
 - They sit there.
 - Have they lost the ability to think,
 if I smack it with my giant wing, it will fling off.
 - They don't have the ability to think that.
 - It's incredible.
 So what is happening, too?
 - So what's happening is this team of people
 have gone out there, and so these three guys,
 two of whom are Michelle and Christopher,
 are now trying to save the albatross
 is essentially by killing all the mice.
 And we're getting them back guys.
 But it's, yeah, it's a good cause there.
 I think there are 1,500 to 2,400 pairs left at the moment,
 and it's quite funny when you look them up on Wikipedia,
 it said, "Cause albatrosses fly hundreds of thousands
 of miles so far, but they only breed in this tiny island."
 So they have an occurrence range of 5.4 million square miles,
 and a breeding range of 31 square miles.
 - Wow.
 - So flipped on a different way of talking about it,
 there's another podcast out there talking about
 two mice murderers on Godfatherland.
 - Yeah, they moved in.
 - They've gone, they live on this island,
 they just murder mice all day.
 - I mean, the mice are impressive, they're like super mice.
 So to be fair, they are, I think they're the biggest mice
 in the world.
 - Wow.
 - In fact, 'cause they've got island gigantism,
 they know where you've got nothing threatening you,
 you're the only ones there.
 - So they're huge.
 If you're on the mouse's side, they're doing bloody well.
 - Sounds like your two friends are very small.
 (laughing)
 - They are.
 They've got island dwarfism, these two humans.
 They've been there too long.
 - Have you guys heard of wisdom?
 - Wisdom, the albatross.
 - Yes, I believe I embody it.
 - Well, I'm not sure.
 So wisdom is a laser in albatross,
 like the ones we were talking earlier.
 So she's the oldest albatross in the world.
 She was first ringed in 1956.
 She's still alive.
 So she's at least 64 years old.
 And in fact, we know she's a bit older,
 'cause when she was ringed, the scientist who ringed her
 said, "Well, she's about five years old."
 She was still alive in 2018.
 And this is the really cool thing.
 The biologist who first found her in 1956 and ringed her
 was an ornithologist called Chandler Robbins.
 Okay, so he ringed her, went away.
 Then in 2002, 46 years later,
 he tries to ring another albatross and says,
 "Oh, this is already ringed."
 And it's the bird I ringed 46 years ago.
 That is a bit annoying, though, isn't it?
 If you're hoping to get to an albatross.
 It wasn't his second albatross.
 It's whole life for the same albatross.
 It's incredible.
 He is an amazing figure in terms of
 Ornithology and Birdwatching.
 He died in 2017, Asian 98.
 And that's partly, you know,
 albatrosses often outlive the research
 that's working on them.
 That's incredible.
 That's a long lived year.
 Do they live, do they have albatross years?
 Like, you know, had dog years,
 different to human years?
 I think they just live a really long time.
 So they're like, they're in conjo-- they're year is our year.
 Well, we don't know because people,
 dog years aren't really a thing,
 except for the fact that dogs are our pets.
 And so we speculate about that kind of bullshit,
 whereas people don't have many pet albatrosses.
 It's not official.
 Dog years is not unofficial.
 Well, what do you think dog years means?
 They don't know their own birthdays.
 No, it's about celebrations.
 It's about time passage and lifespan, right?
 Yes, that's true.
 So the lifespan is about 60.
 Yeah, in albatross years?
 Oh, my god.
 We're going to have to wrap up in a second.
 Just one more thing, albatrosses,
 when Western explorers first discovered them,
 they thought they were sheep.
 No, flying sheep.
 That's right, just big old flying sheep, really?
 Well, this is according to these researchers
 they were in touch with, but apparently,
 the explorer Marian de Fresno,
 when he visited in 1772, he visited Prince Edward Island.
 And he just saw these huge white figures
 wandering around the grass and said,
 "Well, there's a whole bunch of sheep here."
 Great.
 So did he get really close up to them?
 He did, I think the man's an idiot.
 He was stroking.
 He was going, "This wool is not the same as ours."
 They measure their speed with their nostrils.
 They have these tubes inside their nose.
 And it's exactly the same as how planes measure their speed.
 So planes have things called pito tubes,
 which measure airflow and pressure at the end of that tube.
 And that tells you how fast the plane is moving.
 Wow.
 And albatrosses can do the same thing.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Wonder where they need to know their speed.
 Do you think they get back and go, cracked 70?
 Personal best.
 I don't know, mate, there's a bill here for speeding.
 And it's a huge bill.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, you can find us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 @Andruhunteram.
 And @miller_am.
 And Chazinski.
 You can email podcast.ky.com.
 Yep, you can go to our group account,
 which is @nosuchthing.
 Or no such thing as a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from our previous episodes
 to behind-the-scenes documentary footage
 that you can download.
 And hey, why not also go to amazon.co.uk
 and get Andy's new book, as we said at the top of the show.
 It's out now.
 Kids will love it.
 Mickey and the animal spies.
 It's called, it's all this GCHQ kind of stuff in it
 with codes to crack and more code.
 You'll learn more code by the end of the book, which is amazing.
 And yeah, so go and get it for your kids.
 It's awesome.
 OK, we'll be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
