 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of no such thing as a fish. It is the super long bank holiday
 for the Queens Jubilee and so
 We have decided that we are going to take a weekend off and instead of this week
 You're gonna get another one of my compilations from all the best bits from the last year or so of fish
 Which didn't make it into the final show because they were too silly because they've got the facts wrong
 Or just basically because there wasn't enough space
 Since it's the Queens Jubilee
 I can guarantee that for once this compilation doesn't contain anything libelous to the British royal family
 But I can't guarantee it won't for the next one so you better make the most of this
 Your Royal Highness if you're listening anyway
 Just one more quick thing before we start this week's show and that is that we have a couple of live dates coming up
 They will be in Inverness, Edinburgh, Aberdeen, Glasgow and Cardiff
 They are post-poned gigs from earlier in the year that will be happening towards the end of August and the start of September
 We would love to see you there if you live in any of those places
 Then get your tickets fast if you don't live in any of those places
 But you can get to those places then get the tickets as well
 Because it's gonna be a whole lot of fun in loads of facts loads of silliness
 And the best way to get your tickets is to go to qi.com/fishevents
 Anyway, hope you enjoyed this week's show and what else is there to say but on with the podcast
 Mike Tess from Dennis. Hello. Hello Mike Tess from Harkin. Hello. Hello. Hello. Mike Tess from Andy. Hello. Hello. Hello
 What an awesome chat we're having. Hello. Hello. Hello
 Yeah, he's been trying to think of puns based on TV shows and dugs. Heal or No Heal. The Barkfest show. Oh yeah, Heal or No Heal. Oh Barkfest. Barkfest is a good, yeah. Yeah
 I'm trying to do something with one of the big news night show. Why don't you just... News bite. Right, come on. News bite. Very nice. There we go. Off we go. Off we go. Off we go.
 He's been sat there for the last 20 minutes trying to think of that.
 All right, we good? Are we recording? We're recording.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the qi offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and Anna Tyshinski.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go. Starting with fact number one, that is Barkin.
 That won't make any sense.
 One thing I found on Alan Withie's page is a thing that he thinks might be the first ever beard and mustache show.
 And this was in 1873. What? Yeah, members of the public came to watch bearded men stand on a stage and have their beards judged.
 Yeah, so this was set up by a guy called William Holland and it happened in London.
 It had quite a bit of momentum behind it. Journalists who couldn't make it to the day because they were busy
 were writing in trying to influence the judges saying a beard has to be like this and giving opinion pieces about who a winner should be.
 So they thought it was going to be massive and it really, really wasn't. It was barely attended.
 They thought they were going to have 30 entrants to it, including Mr. Charles Chaplin, who sent in fragments of his beard because he couldn't physically be there.
 Um, it's definitely not. What? Chris, did Charlie Chaplin have a beard? I thought he had a mustache.
 Exactly. He says in brackets in his article, but unlikely to be that Charles Chaplin and I agree because this happened 16 years before Chaplin was born.
 Okay, so he couldn't even enter the beautiful baby competition.
 Should we go on to some more steady ground and start talking about poos?
 It feels like that's more kind of our direction usually. All right, brings on to solid ground.
 Can I just say, can I say that sometime today I got a text from Dan being like, just heads up.
 These are all the facts on copper lights we've already covered.
 Why is this bloody podcast? Well, it's literally they've got a massive excel list of all the copper light facts.
 It wasn't on any of the other facts, not on, you know, immediate air heart, not on just copper light.
 It's quite impressive. It was so right. That was pretty outrageous that we've never mentioned immediate air heart before, but we have mentioned copper lights 50 different times.
 I think they come out of the tunnels to mate, don't they, moles? I think that's one weird thing about them.
 So they're because you can't really have sex inside a tiny little tunnel. So you have to come outside.
 So you could say they're mounting out of the molehill, couldn't you? Yes. Yes.
 Why would why have they not built a big sex dungeon in the mole burrows? I think I've got the birth room.
 I think you missed my pun just there. They're mounting out of the molehill. Did you?
 That's why they haven't built it. Yes, so that we can make puns about them coming to service.
 They're very big on comedy fans. Torval and Dean were figure skaters. Famous.
 Who are they? And I know their name. I know they skate, but in what context do they skate? Were they professionals or are they an entertainment thing?
 Oh, yeah. They won the gold medal at the Sarajevo Olympics, whatever that was. Jane Torval and Christopher. Christopher Dees.
 And for Britain? Or for Britain?
 Yeah, that's basically why they're a really, really big deal here. Probably international listeners are thinking, who the hell are Torval and Dean?
 But guys, they're a huge deal here, because yeah, everyone loved them. They won the Winter Olympics in the 80s.
 And I always thought they were a husband and wife, and
 No. Oh, cousin, father and daughter.
 Brothers. You've got it.
 Detective and villain.
 It's none of the above. It's nothing. It's owner and pet. No, it's nothing.
 It's they were just friends and they've snogged once at the back of a bus when they were 14 before they were even partners.
 And then that was the end and they were just really great friends, but they had to spend so much of their lives together.
 So they both say their spouses took it took a lot to persuade them that this was okay.
 And they I think just it was only shortly before they won gold that they gave up their jobs.
 I think he was a policeman and she was a worked in insurance. So he was a detective.
 He said when they got it, they I think when they won, when they won, I think it was one of the most watched TV programs ever in Britain.
 It was massive and Dean said afterwards or said in an interview since that the moment that he won it and they won it and breaking all of these records.
 So they got perfect scores throughout that which no one had ever got before and he said nothing had ever affected him so much in his life.
 And then he specifically said, sure, having children is a life changing event, but this was the crowning moment.
 And I wonder why his partner thinks that.
 Do you know who the first Europeans, I should say, to climb Kilimanjaro were?
 So they were called Mayor and the Purcheller and they climbed it in 1889.
 But to celebrate the 100 year celebration, they decided who this is, the organizing committee.
 It just says in my notes, I don't know who that is.
 But they decided to award posthumous certificates to the African porters who helped them to get to the top.
 So obviously they didn't go by themselves.
 So they went to this village called Murangu, which is near the bottom of the mountain.
 And they asked the locals, you know, do you know who did this?
 And they went, oh, this guy did it.
 And there's a guy called Yohani Kinyala Laou who apparently had taken these guys to the top 100 years earlier.
 When he was 18 years old.
 So he was given the certificate despite the fact that if he was that person,
 he would be the oldest man who ever lived.
 He continued to live for another seven years, which means that if this was the guy,
 he died at the age of 125, which would make him the oldest person male or female to have ever lived by three years.
 Wow.
 I believe it.
 It's possible.
 I mean, gosh, that clean mountain air really is good for you, isn't it?
 The other option is he was nine years old when he went up and was just under the oldest person ever.
 But no, it's probably a misrememberance.
 It sounds like a lie.
 There was a baby born at an Irish petrol station this year.
 It was in Kildare and it was awarded free petrol for a year.
 The baby was?
 Well, I just parents, I guess.
 Wow, that's great.
 So it wasn't like, you know, sometimes people get christening presents of a case of champagne
 and, you know, they can't enjoy it for 18 years.
 It's not one of those.
 It's been kept in the cellar for when the baby turned 17.
 They have to do maximum driving.
 These parents have to be driving as much as they possibly can in the area of the service station.
 Right, I'm going to tell you a sort of similar fact,
 which none of you are going to care about or have any interest in whatsoever.
 But I guarantee you there's a slither of audience that might care.
 There was a massive show that came out on Netflix last year called Selling Sunset.
 Huge show on Netflix and has a big following.
 And it's all about real estate agents in America.
 And they're all sort of very beautiful Hollywood characters in it.
 Right.
 They all have really odd names, like one called a manza.
 I just haven't heard a manza before, not Amanda, a manza.
 And then there's a lady called Christelle.
 Right, again, very weird name.
 Turns out the reason Christelle is called that
 is because her mum went into labor at a shell petrol station.
 And she was delivered there by a member of staff called Chris.
 So she became Christelle.
 Now, it means nothing to you three here, but I'm telling you,
 it's just blown the minds of about six people.
 Had a really embarrassing thing when I was staying in Sussex last year,
 where there was a post box, which I thought was a post box that it looked like a red post box.
 So I thought it was somewhere where you post letters.
 And it was like outside the house.
 So I thought, oh my God, this is so cool.
 The Royal Mail have installed a post box,
 but like in the property of this tiny little cottage.
 And so I posted a few letters into it.
 And then the owner of the property I was renting off came
 and delivered them back to me about three days later.
 I was like, so you seem to have got these letters in my post box?
 Which is where the letter is the letter box for the house.
 It's the letter box for the house.
 Yeah.
 Because what I thought you were going to say is every couple of years
 you see it in the tab lights of some old man who like for 25 years
 has been posting his letters in a dog poo bed.
 Like literally, it's such a common story.
 They did smell pretty bad as he goes back.
 Come to think of it.
 So one of the people who was trapped in Wuhan in China
 when it got shut down because of coronavirus
 was a Mr. Bean impersonator who happened to be there.
 He was at a lab, wasn't he?
 And he left a fridge open.
 He's a British comic called Nigel Dixon.
 And his job for a living is that he impersonates Mr. Bean.
 So he's extraordinarily popular in China right now
 since the pandemic happened on Weibo.
 He's got hundreds of millions of views for each of the videos
 that he puts up.
 He basically did all these videos about how to treat lockdown,
 you know, how to stay healthy and lockdown.
 So all done with the Mr. Bean suit on, you know, the tie.
 It was him being Mr. Bean on this thing.
 But one of the things that he then did sort of as himself
 without Mr. Bean is he released a video
 which reportedly was him delivering propaganda
 about the fact that China was doing fantastic in the pandemic.
 And this was in early 2020.
 So he said things like once people were waiting for hospital beds,
 now beds are waiting for people.
 And it sickens me to hear of other countries blaming China.
 But for what?
 We're now hearing of cases where people around the world
 have contracted their virus with no obvious connections to China.
 And this was a part of a state's propaganda channel,
 an official channel with China.
 So basically because Mr. Bean as a TV show,
 and I say this is someone who grew up in Hong Kong,
 Han Daoxian Shen, he is ginormous in China.
 This guy, they suddenly had their own Mr. Bean
 who could be used as propaganda.
 But wait a minute, Mr. Bean doesn't talk, does he?
 I thought that was the whole part of Mr. Bean.
 Wow, that is very depressing.
 Yeah, well he's massive there and it was lucky for them
 because he was trapped literally at the heartbeat of coronavirus
 in Wuhan and he defended them.
 And we don't know if that was just him defending them on his own
 or whether or not it was because he was making it specifically
 for Xi'anhua, a news agency
 which is an official Chinese state run media agency.
 Who knows? We don't know.
 Oh, that sounds legally covered dead.
 Thank you for trying yourself on an embarrassing hand grenade.
 Here's a thing, here's a puzzle for you all.
 It's a word you have to guess, five letters.
 It's G-R-A blank blank.
 G-R.
 Is this your, James, are you trying to do an audio version of work?
 Once a week, this is going to be the next big thing.
 Okay, this is going to be great.
 At the tube.
 Okay, okay, I'll say grass.
 Straight in there.
 Anyone?
 Do you want us to say grave?
 I wanted you to say whatever you wanted to say,
 but now you've said grave, Anna.
 That signifies a high mortality salience in you.
 Not in Dan and Andy.
 And apparently this is a test that psychologists use
 to see how much you're thinking about your own mortality.
 And what you can find is that people who think more
 about their own mortality tend to be more conservative.
 So the idea is that the more you think about death,
 the more you kind of try and conserve your own worldview
 and the more kind of entrenched you are in the current system.
 Not saying that this is you, Anna,
 but this is the idea of the researchers.
 And they said that people who did this test
 and went for grave as opposed to grass or grape,
 if they were asked to set bail,
 like pretend to be a judge and set bail
 for a supposed prostitute,
 then they would give an average bail of $455
 compared to $50 who would have said,
 the people who would have said grass or grape.
 So you're a much more conservative person
 according to these researchers.
 To be fair, James, when I said the word grass just there,
 what I actually was thinking of was a patch of grass
 on the plot of land where my mortal remains will be buried.
 So I don't know if that...
 And Dan was thinking that in the way
 that people crush grapes with their feet to make wine,
 so death is crushing above us
 and pushing us down and down deeper into the earth
 before we meet our maker.
 Now I was thinking about like, I love green grapes.
 On actually silly mountaineering clothes,
 do you remember in 2016 on International Women's Day
 what a group of Chinese mountaineers did?
 No.
 A group of Chinese male mountaineers
 to celebrate climbed up a mountain
 wearing dresses and heels in order to experience
 the struggles and strife of being a woman.
 But yeah, they wore like hot pants and many skirts.
 Hot pants.
 Yeah, so I don't think it was quite the same outfits
 as people in the 1700s.
 Suspenders.
 This is all the women that I've seen on the internet wear.
 Exactly, exactly.
 They were all wearing very high stilettos and stuff.
 All going, God, it really is hard
 being a woman climbing a mountain, isn't it?
 Wow, this branch of string fell is at the top.
 It better be worth it.
 What a...
 As James, you were saying, extraordinary character,
 Peter O'Toole.
 His stories are very wild.
 He was a very, particularly in his younger years,
 a tour de force of partying and booze and letharioism.
 He was just a big old character.
 He accidentally, in a boating accident,
 cut the top of his finger off.
 And so he put the tip of his finger into some brandy
 and then he pushed it back into place
 and wrapped it with a bandage.
 And then weeks later, he removed it
 and found that he'd put it back on the wrong way round.
 And that's where the story ends.
 And I don't know, I've looked at photos.
 I don't see a backward finger on Peter O'Toole.
 Was it nail in or upside down?
 See, the story just doesn't give us any more.
 Yeah, it's hard to...
 No, I think it must be backwards.
 So let's imagine the nail would be facing front.
 It doesn't say how much of the finger it was either.
 It could have been just the very, very, very tip.
 Like, I've cut the very tip of my finger, right?
 Exactly.
 It might not be the whole nail.
 Exactly.
 But you would assume if it was very, very tip,
 you wouldn't tell it was the wrong way round.
 Exactly.
 You kind of need a distinguishing feature, don't you?
 Like a nail.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 If you heard him drumming his fingers on the table,
 would you get three taps and then a squelch
 as the soft bit at the front?
 Loved, loved.
 I don't know if he loved a fight,
 but he certainly was in them enough to have some opinion
 that was probably, you know, in favour of.
 Otherwise, you might avoid it,
 but it just seems like he was just constantly...
 That's going to count me out again, Dan.
 He's going to sue, Dan.
 I mean, he's been dead since 2000 or something.
 He's...
 We're fine.
 Who was a hell of a sentence?
 I loved it.
 I didn't give up as well.
 I kept going.
 Passion.
 But I...
 I think his kids are going to get in touch going.
 He did not love a fight.
 He quite liked a fight, actually.
 But I read it.
 So I found he was very good friends with Brian Blessed,
 another great actor.
 Was he?
 Very good friends.
 And I read an article where Brian was talking
 about his relationship with Peter at all.
 And basically, and it's a very long article,
 every single encounter ended up with Brian
 beating the shit out of him.
 That was the thread of it.
 And it even starts with him beating someone else up
 when he first meets Peter O'Toole.
 So he says that they first met at a party in the mid-50s.
 These are his words,
 where I'd memorably just punched Harold Pinter's lights out.
 He got one right on the side of the jaw.
 And Peter O'Toole comes over and says,
 "Wow, that's really good."
 And then Peter O'Toole, because he's this drunken man,
 any time he was on set with Brian Blessed on various movies,
 Brian would just beat him up.
 And those cases of him dragging him around the house
 as he was crying and throwing his arms around.
 But Peter O'Toole supposedly loved him.
 He said he was the only person who was, you know,
 properly honest and loved him.
 And they were very...
 It actually sounds like...
 Are you sure that Peter O'Toole loved to fight?
 What you've described there is the fact
 that Brian Blessed was a very violent man.
 So if you'd actually given my very interestingly
 long sentence a chance earlier,
 what I was trying to say was he was always in fights,
 which makes it suggest that he likes a fight,
 even though he was not necessarily the one instigating it.
 Otherwise, why would he not...
 Or at least he had an opinion on it.
 At least he had an opinion on it.
 One last thing on middle finger is if you do ASL,
 American Sign Language,
 then you can kind of make what you're saying profane
 by doing it with your middle finger.
 So for instance, if you do the sign for mother,
 but instead of pointing with the fingers
 you're supposed to point with,
 you point with your middle finger,
 it means motherfucker, for instance.
 And there's a few other things.
 Like for instance, the sign for a hearing person
 is kind of you do a little gesture around your mouth.
 And if you do it with your middle finger,
 then it's like, say, fucking hearing people.
 You know what I mean? It's a way of saying
 like what you want to say is actually quite profane.
 And they think this might be quite a new thing
 because there is a very old ASL symbol,
 which is having your forearm facing upwards
 and then doing the middle finger.
 And that is the sign for the CS Tower
 or the CN Tower in North America,
 those two big buildings.
 Basically, you have to do the middle finger
 and that is the sign for those buildings.
 For the CN, for the towers?
 So the CN Tower in Seattle or the CS Tower,
 which is in I think Chicago,
 but I can't remember.
 If you want to do a sign for that,
 you basically just do the finger.
 Do you think that's because the CN Tower is CNT?
 It really is not that.
 It's because it's got a spiky bit at the top.
 Yeah, yeah, whatever.
 I'm going to assume it's calling someone the C word.
 That's rude.
 My favorite river that I've recently read about
 is the Congo River,
 only because it's so unfathomably deep.
 And I kind of mean unfathomably literally there.
 So it's the deepest river in the world.
 It's 220 meters deep at the bottom.
 There's no light can penetrate that low.
 And I realized that if you put all of London
 into the deepest bit of the Congo River,
 only six buildings poke out of the top of it.
 So building you see the tip of is the cheese grater.
 That's 225 meters.
 And then the rest of us are all submerged.
 Is the shard submerged?
 Yeah, shards are taller.
 Shards are the highest, I think, tallest.
 But yeah, so if that does happen,
 we all have to flee to the top of the shard, I guess.
 That's going to be the least of our problems
 if all of the buildings in London
 get taken to the Congo River.
 I don't know how we've woken up
 with this situation being as it is, but...
 You've got to deal with it.
 That's really cool.
 That's good. Yeah, I don't think of rivers being
 anywhere near that deep.
 And I guess the point is that most of them are not, but this one is.
 Yeah. Yeah.
 Okay, I'm done. I can't touch the bottom, Andy, even on tiptoes.
 There was advice literature about beards
 that you could get back in the day
 in the time of the Beard Mania.
 And one of the best ones, again, to Dr. Whitty,
 was don't a manual of mistakes and improprieties,
 more or less prevalent in conduct and speech.
 And this was like a little pamphlet.
 On every page, it told you stuff you weren't allowed to do.
 At no stage did it tell you what you could do instead.
 It only told you what you couldn't do.
 And on one page, it says that if men have beards or whiskers,
 you should be careful to wash them after smoking
 and should not get in the habit of pulling your whiskers
 or justing your hair or otherwise fingering yourself.
 Sensible advice then, sensible advice now.
 Yeah. Some things don't age.
 But what am I supposed to do with these fingers?
 The funny thing about omelettes is that I've had maybe 20, 30,
 maybe even 40 different kinds of omelettes.
 They all tasted the same.
 I've never had an omelette that I can differentiate.
 This is a taste bud thing, isn't it, Athena?
 I mean, that sounds like you need to get your taste buds looked at.
 But specifically, a cheese omelette, a mushy one, a spinach omelette,
 it's a small egg to me.
 Don't you feel that way?
 I do feel that way, actually.
 You can taste the mushroom within it, right?
 But at the same time, I think what the egg does
 is it overpowers everything.
 So it doesn't matter what you put in it.
 It's just an omelette.
 It is powerful.
 You should try eggless omelette.
 That's what you need.
 Oh, that's the cheese sandwich.
 That's what that is and it's better.
 On the Challenger expedition, which I had never read about,
 they collected 4,800 new species.
 They found the Marianas Trench on the expedition.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah.
 Did they just have 7 miles of cable or whatever it was?
 I actually don't know how long--
 Solnar, I think, maybe?
 Yeah.
 In the 1880s?
 Yeah, so it was weird.
 No, maybe.
 I'm not sure.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah, I can't remember anything about it,
 but it does sound like an amazing expedition.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Maybe it was I once dropped a can of Coke into the ocean,
 very shallow, and it hit the bottom and came back up.
 So maybe that's what they did.
 Maybe they had sort of a--
 What are you even talking about?
 Well, maybe they got over the Marianas Trench
 dropping a can of soda over it.
 Was it Diet Coke?
 It was-- I can't remember actually.
 Just Diet Coke floats and normal Coke sinks.
 Ah, so it must have been sealed?
 Yeah, sealed, yeah.
 Hang on, it went to the bottom and it came back up again.
 Yeah.
 And you're suggesting that maybe they timed
 how long it took to come back?
 I'm just trying to spitball how this happened,
 and I just know that I've had practical experience with--
 Did that?
 What practical experience have you had, Andy?
 Well--
 Yeah, people in glass houses.
 I've never dropped a can.
 Compared to the rest of us,
 that is an expert.
 With his one experiment.
 So hang on.
 It went all the way to the bottom.
 Who knows?
 No, no, no.
 You know, because this is your experiment,
 it went all the way to the bottom
 and it came all the way back up to the top.
 Well, what I did was I did it in a swimming pool
 and then in shallow water,
 and then when we were out on a boat,
 we put a Coke can in.
 It disappeared for something like five minutes
 and then it bobbed back up.
 That's really interesting.
 Could be a change in pressure, I guess.
 Could be an octopus holding it.
 Read the back.
 Hate Diet Coke.
 Toss it back up.
 Why has Diet Coke never come down?
 What's going on?
 Wow.
 That's proper science, I would say.
 That is proper science.
 That was a proper science experiment.
 Yeah, you would have been on this expedition.
 I'm not suggesting that this is a real thing.
 Do you know where the largest
 man-made waterfall in the world is?
 Do you know who owns it?
 Man-made?
 Who owns the largest man-made waterfall in the world?
 So we're more likely to get who owns it
 rather than where it is, is what you're saying.
 Is it a squillionaire who we've heard of?
 Yes.
 Have they recently been to space?
 They have not.
 Mosque.
 Elon Musk.
 No.
 Bill Gates.
 No, think of someone who has got no taste whatsoever.
 Trump.
 Trump, you're kidding.
 How did you all get that straight away?
 Amazing.
 I feel like that clue was too easy to get.
 This is at the Trump National Westchester Golf Course.
 And basically every one of his courses has a fake waterfall
 and each one is more tacky than the previous.
 And they're so huge.
 If you're playing anywhere near them,
 you can't hear anyone speak
 because there's so much water going over the top of them.
 And this one at Westchester is the world's biggest.
 There is one at Changi Airport,
 which looks really big to me
 and possibly could be bigger,
 but according to Guinness Book of Records,
 this is the biggest.
 Wow.
 Do you know how tall it is?
 Did you say?
 I don't.
 I think it's 5,000 gallons go over every minute or second
 because I'm going off memory.
 But there's a lot of water.
 Okay, working out from that.
 Yeah.
 But another fake waterfall can be found in Australia
 and can be seen on our TV from time to time.
 Can you guess where that might be?
 Credits of neighbors.
 No.
 The Herbal Lessons is adverse.
 It's on TV.
 On TV.
 In Australia.
 So when do we see Australia on TV?
 Oh, so maybe Eris Rock?
 Is there like a weird bit of water that comes down?
 Water comes down there occasionally,
 but Eris Rock, I don't know if you know,
 or Uluru, is not a fake rock.
 So hang on.
 It's a fake rock that we see on our TV sometimes.
 A fake waterfall.
 Fake waterfall.
 But there's Australia that's on British TV sometimes.
 Very famous waterfall.
 Famous, famous.
 Our source.
 It's fake.
 It's fake.
 Is it known that it's fake
 or is this a secret you're busting open?
 I'm not busting it wide open,
 but I think some people know.
 It's a Sydney Opera House.
 It's not a waterfall.
 No, but I'm wondering.
 I thought there's a feature somewhere.
 I bet it's fake.
 We've been there.
 Yeah, I didn't see a waterfall.
 I'm just naming things in Australia now.
 Yeah, give us a tiny bit more.
 Crocodile.D.
 There's often a attractive young TV personality
 underneath it.
 Neighbours.
 No.
 No, but you can't just say neighbours.
 Oh, I'm a celebrity.
 I know you are Andy,
 but do you know the name of the show?
 Okay, so I'm a celebrity.
 Get me out of here.
 Yes, so they have that kind of place
 where they all go for a shower
 underneath a waterfall.
 And it turned out recently,
 they found out that this is a completely
 fake waterfall,
 and they can turn the taps on and off
 whenever they want to.
 No, you're kidding.
 And whenever anyone goes for a waterfall shower,
 they just turn the taps on and they get washed.
 That is brilliant.
 Do they that was like
 Mylene Klaas literally turning a hot water tap
 as the producers?
 No, it's the producers.
 What a shame of that.
 What a shower that would be.
 So which poor producer has to stand there
 watching the dry waterfall 24 hours a day
 in case someone stands under it?
 I guess it's not that bad a job, is it?
 It's one for an intern, I think.
 It's really sad though,
 because President McKinley used to genuinely
 really love handshakes.
 He used to...
 It said that it was his favorite thing to do
 was shake people's hands.
 And this guy basically used it as a tactic,
 as a way to...
 Yeah, because it was him that was killed
 this way, right?
 McKinley.
 Yeah.
 And he was killed...
 It was at a fun fair, wasn't it?
 He was at the Buffalo...
 Not a fun fair.
 Well, it was like the Buffalo World Fair.
 So it was one of those places...
 Sorry, Dan, it was a really big difference
 between fun fairs and the Buffalo World Fair.
 They were fun, I think, because, you know...
 It was fun space fair.
 Dan was just using it as a descriptor.
 It was a fun fair, not for William McKinley,
 but for everyone else there.
 It's like the fun fair down at Frinsbury Park,
 as opposed to, you know, this massive world fair
 where they were showing off, you know,
 American industry and, like, Belle or whoever else.
 My poor kids.
 Yeah, this is fun.
 This is fun.
 Dad.
 Speaking of concrete, there was a woman
 that called Sarah Goopy, and in 1811,
 she invented a new way of making piling for bridges.
 So when you make a bridge, you need to kind of
 fire some stuff into the ground,
 so they'll hold it solid and put some concrete in there
 to make the foundations.
 And so she came up with a new way of doing this,
 and she was a friend of Isambar Kingdom Brunel,
 and so Brunel basically used all of her piling tactics
 for all of his bridges,
 but she didn't patent it because she said,
 "It is unpleasant to speak of oneself.
 It may seem boastful, particularly in a woman."
 So she decided not to patent it,
 and this kind of technique was used in a load of bridges.
 Come on, Goopy.
 She did come up with a few things that she did patent,
 so she came up with a method of keeping ships free of barnacles,
 which made her 40 grams from the government,
 because it was so important.
 Wow. I'm sure.
 I mean, that's so important, that as well.
 Exactly.
 That's not a lot of money for how important that is.
 She must have identified there was a Goopy in the market.
 A Gaffin in the market.
 Yeah, no, no.
 Yeah, we did Gaffin.
 No, no, no.
 A Gaffin.
 A Gaffin, yeah.
 It feels like it's not the right Goopy pun
 when we're talking about ships and water.
 Here's another quite French politician, Gaston Daffaer,
 and he was a participant in the last duel
 that ever took place in France.
 This was in 1967.
 And Daffaer had insulted René Rivière in the French parliament.
 He'd said, "T'es et vous abloutir,"
 which means, apparently, "Shut up, stupid."
 And so they decided they were going to have a duel.
 And Daffaer vowed that he wouldn't kill Rivière
 because it was the night before his wedding
 that they'd organized this duel.
 But he said, "I will only wound you
 and spoil your wedding night very considerably."
 Otherwise, it wouldn't be Daffaer.
 Just stunning.
 And James, what was the upshot of the duel?
 So Daffaer won, but there were a couple of nicks
 that he put on Rivière.
 He wasn't like it.
 He didn't chop his penis off or anything.
 It was just like a few cuts.
 And then the guy who was officiating the duel,
 who was France's secretary of state for foreign affairs,
 decided this is enough.
 Enough's enough.
 We're going to call it a win for Daffaer.
 I've actually been up a lookout tree.
 Yeah, so in Australia, sort of south of Perth,
 there is three trees.
 The Dave Evans Bicentennial tree.
 There's the Glossestra tree and the Diamond tree.
 I don't know which one I was up
 because I went as a kid as like 10 or so.
 So basically, the way you get up these trees
 is that they slammed in these metal bars
 and they would go circular around it
 and you would climb to the top
 and then you'd have that hut there.
 And it was petrifying,
 but I had sort of kid confidence
 to get up to the top.
 And you climb.
 And so you climb on these metal bars.
 Is it climbing on all fours?
 Yeah, you're climbing on all fours.
 And there's nothing underneath you.
 Like there's no, there's no meshing.
 Were you employed by the Forestry Commission?
 They open it up to the public.
 So it's no longer a used tree for those purposes.
 And so tourists can just rock up and go.
 And they say, don't go up if you're afraid of heights
 or if you might have a heart attack or if you're a kid.
 I don't know why I was allowed up.
 And I do remember we went to the top.
 My sister and I, and there was a couple sitting,
 shivering, petrified in the corner of the hut at the top.
 And we went down.
 Too scared to go back down?
 Too scared to go back down.
 It was petrifying.
 Oh no.
 Like it was, if you look down, I mean it's...
 But is it, when you go back down,
 presumably you have to climb back.
 Like you're descending a ladder.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Exactly.
 But with much more of an angle I guess.
 Yeah.
 And here's the thing.
 There was no system whereby you would go up one way
 and come down the other.
 Oh sure.
 You would bump into people coming up on the way.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So would you have to go all the way back up?
 Like if you're only 40% of the way down
 and they're 60% of the way up,
 is it like you have to climb all the way back up to the top?
 I remember shimming past someone who leaned into the tree.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It does sound horrific.
 This, I mean I would absolutely love to do it.
 But also, why did you call it the Glossester Tree?
 Is that what they call it in Australia?
 No, I'd probably just pronounce it weirdly, hey.
 Well I thought maybe all Australians do
 because they can't pronounce, you know,
 in this place names.
 Glossester, yeah.
 It would have been the Glossester Tree.
 I certainly have called it the Glossester Tree.
 I was once skiing with my in-laws and I was at the top
 and I didn't, I don't like other people seeing me skiing
 because I'm so bad at it.
 And I get really embarrassed
 because I keep falling over and stuff.
 And my father-in-law went down the first bit
 and then he stopped.
 I'm like, oh fuck's sake, he's waiting for me
 because he's trying to be polite and he wants to wait.
 So anyway, I was like, I'm not going.
 I'm not going.
 So I waited at the top and I waited at the top
 for about 40 minutes.
 And then eventually he went down
 and then I kind of followed him down.
 And then I spoke to him afterwards
 and he said he was too scared to go back down
 and then he was just trying to get up the courage to go down.
 Oh my God.
 And I thought that he was just spying to see
 if I was going to fall over.
 God.
 So funny.
 That's very...
 That's such a weird situation.
 Just all the women in the family,
 the bottom-going, why?
 What are those two doing?
 That is a moment where you go to Polina.
 You've married your father.
 Yeah, yeah.
 There was a mountainer who made kit out of balloon material.
 So George Finch was an Aussie mountain climber
 and he went on the Mallory expedition in 1922
 and invented the Eiderdown coat,
 the puffer jacket, essentially,
 from hot air balloon material
 when everyone else on the trip was wearing tweed.
 So it's a really radical thing to a veteran.
 And all the other mountaineers laughed at him.
 It's really, you know...
 He wasn't wearing a basket on his feet.
 But imagine being laughed at by a lot of people wearing tweed.
 I know.
 Sounds like my school days.
 And he was really looked down on by the other mountaineers.
 So he was observed repairing his own boots
 very, you know, very unclassy behavior.
 And the deputy leader of the expedition
 who was called Colonel Edward Strut said,
 "I always knew the fellow was a shit."
 Just thought he was invented a new jacket
 and he's cleaned, repaired his own boots.
 What a way with words this guy had.
 Yeah, but he had the last laugh
 because obviously no wind got through his amazing jacket
 and he was feeling a lot warmer.
 Yeah.
 So today there's still something like 500 lookouts in America
 and they reckon it's a 50/50 split of men and women.
 Yeah.
 And they reckon it kind of was that in,
 not the very earliest period,
 but as soon as the sort of ceiling was broke
 and the first woman started doing it,
 which was this lady who was called Halle Morse Daggett
 and she became the first female to serve in the Forest Service.
 And it's an amazing recommendation that she got in order.
 Did you read that letter?
 Yeah, I think so.
 It's incredible.
 This guy who was the ranger,
 he wrote a letter to his boss saying that he thought
 that Daggett would be the best person for the job.
 But obviously there were three people applying
 and two of them were men.
 It should have gone to one of them.
 Is that me?
 He should.
 Yeah, I agree.
 I think we could all agree on that then.
 No, no, no.
 I'm backtracking.
 So how on earth did this woman get the job?
 I don't understand.
 Oh, I am still furious about this.
 So what he wrote in the letter was,
 "The novelty of the proposition which has been unloaded upon me
 and which I am now endeavouring to pass up to you
 may perhaps take your breath away."
 Like just like even that thought alone.
 Like the fair the end where he said,
 "She is absolutely devoid of the timidity
 which is ordinarily associated with her sex."
 Okay, but she's not afraid of anything
 that walks, creeps or flies.
 She is a perfect lady in every respect.
 Wow.
 That's a perfect lady.
 General Motors, they make artificial stalactites
 out of their car byproducts.
 Weird wine.
 And pretty weird.
 For wear.
 For the bats.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 For bats to cling onto.
 So they've installed a couple of hundred of these across the USA.
 They put them in caves
 because it gives the bats more surface area
 to spread out and hang from.
 And that means when the bats have more space
 they don't all cluster together
 because when they cluster together
 they spread this disease amongst themselves
 called white nose syndrome
 which is kind of fungus.
 That's very bad for the bats.
 And as we know, if we've learned anything,
 it's that you should try and keep the bats healthy.
 And so General Motors have started installing these.
 Right.
 What do they, I thought you were going to say
 there was some sort of amazing benefit for General Motors
 as a company to do this.
 PR.
 Just PR.
 The intangible benefits of PR
 are huge then.
 I'm talking about them now.
 General Motors.
 The bats tell their other bat friends
 and they tell their other bat friends
 and before you know it.
 There we go.
 Is the car market big in the bat world?
 Do they particularly like?
 Yeah, the Batmobile.
 Come on.
 Good point.
 It's just the one model, isn't it?
 That's true.
 You'll get letters.
 There are loads of models there.
 Oh my God.
 It does look like models in the Batmobile.
 Sorry.
 No, thank you for saving me
 because I saw you think about letting me
 drop myself in there.
 [Music]
 There's another wives tale that you tell
 if something is a fossil by licking it.
 Yeah, is it supposed to have air holes
 and it's stickier to your tongue or something?
 I've got to tell you I've been on so many
 archaeological sites and once in a while
 some of the undergrads will be like,
 like nobody knows what on earth it means.
 They've just got stone to their tongues.
 It's, I don't think it's very interesting.
 But what's the idea?
 As in what are you meant to get from it?
 It's supposed to be different.
 I think it's supposed to stick more
 if it's actually a fossil.
 It's supposed to be like...
 It's not.
 Oh, what is it now?
 It's supposed to have little tiny holes in it
 that when you put your tongue into it
 it kind of sticks to your tongue.
 And I worry very much that your undergrads
 might have heard this on QI.
 I think we might...
 Oh my God, I think you're right.
 We might have a retraction to make
 if that's not true.
 Yeah, yeah, we've thunked your undergrads accidentally
 and I'm sorry.
 The best method is actually just to see
 if it will break apart,
 which is kind of similar with the crop.
 Because if it's bone it will just snap.
 But obviously you don't really want
 to be snapping fossils, for obvious reasons.
 Yeah.
 But I've definitely been on archaeological...
 I've got two fossils then if you do that.
 Definitely.
 Charged up.
 You're not coming with me on a tube, James.
 What we found, 16 finds.
 I swear we started with eight.
 But no, yeah, I was on an expedition
 and we had this massive argument
 about if something was a fossil or a stone.
 And I might have accidentally dropped it
 and it made such a loud noise.
 We were like, "That's a stone."
 But then another time a professor was
 massively arguing with me.
 And I was like, "I swear it's a fossil."
 As you can tell, I think everything is a fossil.
 Even when it's stone.
 And he was like, "No, it's not.
 It's a stone. It's a stone."
 And then he went, "Look, you can't break it."
 And then he broke it and he was like, "Oh, let's just pretend that I don't."
 So much history destroyed.
 By the professor, that was the best fit.
 But yeah.
 Other marine worms do that kind of dissolving thing, don't they?
 There's a worm called the zombie worm,
 which feeds off skeletons of mostly whales
 but other dead ocean animals at the bottom of the sea.
 And that sends acid out onto the bone,
 which kind of melts it.
 Well, it dissolves it.
 And then they just live inside whale bones forever and ever.
 And they're really cool.
 The thing I like about them is that the males
 just live inside the females forever.
 So there'll be one female
 and then they'll have about 100 males living inside them.
 No, really?
 And they just live there.
 And they feed off her yolk of her eggs.
 And then eventually they inseminate her.
 Because they were looking for the males, right?
 Because they knew they found the sperm inside the females.
 So they were like, "Well, where are the males?"
 And it turned out the sperm was the males.
 It's like they're the little guys who live inside the female.
 That's incredible.
 Do the males ever leave the female
 and find they're a new female?
 Do they ever break up?
 I don't think.
 I think you haven't got a choice.
 It's very much an arranged marriage to the situation.
 But what about when the female gives birth
 or when she lays eggs that then hatch?
 Yeah, they must have to swim around
 to find another female, unfortunately.
 How do they...
 Yeah.
 Do they get...
 When they hatch, when a female hatches,
 as in when a female, one of these fish hatches,
 how do they get new males?
 I guess, yeah, you're right.
 They just swim around and they...
 Find them.
 Oh, yeah, I don't actually know.
 They probably just look for some tasty bones
 where everyone else is hanging around.
 That's where the term boning comes from.
 What am I talking about?
 The interesting thing is that they do...
 They live on whale bones.
 But also, they've been found living on the food,
 the bones of the food that people throw on the boat.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And that is where the phrase "throw me a bone" comes from.
 There was lots of reasons that people climb Mont Blanc.
 This was from a book called "Killing Dragons,
 the Conquest of the Alps" by Fergus Fleming.
 In 1818, there was a Russian count called Matsefsky,
 who did it because he wanted to improve his poetry skills.
 Yeah, do you think?
 No.
 I don't know.
 What's he practicing there?
 Is it the writing of?
 Is it the speaking of poetry?
 I think he's thinking seeing all that beauty
 will help life poetry.
 Yeah, I kind of get that though.
 Being inspired by amazing stuff,
 because there is a Shelley poem called Mont Blanc,
 which is one of the worst Shelley poems.
 There's a, what is it?
 What is he writing with Blanc?
 Blanc Mont.
 There was someone I knew who had a tutor,
 who, you know, an English literature tutor,
 who said poetry is better than sex,
 apart from Shelley's Mont Blanc.
 Sex is better than Mont Blanc.
 There was a guy called John Oljo,
 and he climbed because he wanted to see
 a better reflection of the mountain in the lake.
 So he thought he couldn't see it properly from the ground,
 so he had to go to the top so they could see it.
 So you know the lake was there,
 if it was halfway up the mountain.
 It's strange, isn't it?
 And also, can you really see the mountain reflection
 from a lake that's below you?
 Maybe you can.
 I don't know.
 There was a guy called Comte Henri de Tully,
 who climbed because he wanted to cheer himself up
 after a failed affair.
 And there was a guy called Edward Boutal Wildbraham,
 who climbed Mont Blanc because he had been told not to.
 Cool.
 Wow.
 That's literally all I know about it.
 Was he an eight-year-old in a strop?
 What have you done?
 Isn't that amazing?
 It's like proper reverse psychology.
 Don't climb that mountain.
 It's mad.
 It's bigger.
 Do you think the tallest curtains ever made
 are taller than the widest curtains ever made are wide?
 Okay.
 Or do you...?
 No.
 No, I would think width is easier to make than height.
 John?
 I'm going to go height.
 Okay, well, the obvious answer is,
 I'm afraid the correct one here.
 I wish I could have some kind of exclusive minority report for you,
 but no, the tallest curtains are only half as high
 as the widest curtains are wide.
 That's actually still a surprisingly large proportion
 of the widest curtains.
 That's quite tall.
 Also, they're 65 metres tall.
 I mean, that's incredible.
 Also, all you need to do is just flip it the other way up,
 and then you've got the tallest curtain.
 Yeah, that's a really good point.
 Just turn your landscape curtains into portrait curtains,
 and they're much taller.
 There has been a new kind of paper invented
 made from biomaterials.
 So you take parts of people's body,
 and you kind of squish it down
 and do a load of chemical stuff to it,
 and you can get this new kind of paper.
 And the idea is that they can use it
 by kind of folding it into certain ways,
 and it will help to heal wounds,
 or it will help the body to regenerate organ tissue,
 stuff like that.
 So it's a way of using origami inside the human body.
 And it's really interesting the way they discovered this.
 There was a guy called Adam Jacobs,
 and it's one of those discoveries
 where it was an accidental discovery,
 because he'd actually created an ink made from an ovary
 that he was going to use for a 3D printer,
 and he spilled the ink, and it kind of hardened
 and turned into this paper,
 and he realised that he could use that.
 And I know there are more questions to be asked
 at the start of that sentence.
 Sure.
 You saw questions appear on our faces
 one after the other.
 What ovary?
 Well, that's the way that they make these biomaterials
 is they take body parts from people.
 Is it a human ovary?
 Human ovary.
 Actually, I think it was a pig ovary this one,
 but the hope is in the future
 they'll be able to use human body parts as well,
 or maybe stem cells to create them.
 So is the idea that you would sacrifice, let's say, a finger,
 but you would get a cool new power?
 No, no, no.
 It's almost like you haven't understood anything I've said.
 It's more like you would get stem cells to create some kind of biomaterials,
 and then that would turn into a paper kind of material,
 and you'd be able to fold it and help to cover wounds or...
 Or swallow it, and it springs into a fake heart inside you or something.
 That is closer to what might happen
 than what Andy said.
 James said you can make it from a body part,
 so if in extremis you cut off your own finger...
 Yeah, but you'd only be using the finger
 to make some paper bandage to put over that...
 Yeah, you're a missing finger.
 Oh, I see. I see it's a problem that's solving its own creation.
 It's a false economy, really.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Pretty cool, though.
 Amazing.
 Until the 70s and 80s, a lot of geographers assumed that elephants couldn't swim,
 and so when you found elephant bones on an island,
 there must have been a land bridge,
 because otherwise there's no way they could have got across.
 There's a debate about how elephants got to Sri Lanka, isn't there?
 And lots of other places used to have elephants like Malta and Crete and Cyprus.
 None of which I think have elephants now.
 I've been to Malta and it's quite a small island.
 You would struggle to hide a wild elephant population on it.
 They also have British homestars there, don't they?
 Which is an extinct shop in the UK,
 but it still goes on in Malta.
 Do you reckon there was a land bridge once from the UK to Malta
 where British homestars...
 Frantically taking their reasonably-priced outer rain garments with them.
 God, you're right.
 Malta is one of those funny places, though,
 because they've got a BHS.
 They've still got a mother care.
 I don't think there's a mother care on the British mainland anymore.
 And it's just like that thing where a species goes extinct on the mainland,
 but it survives on the island.
 Yeah, but the thing is, because it's an island,
 they get either very, very big or very, very small.
 So the mother care is really tiny,
 whereas the British homestars is massive.
 That's so funny.
 Do you know, when I got there, when I got to Malta,
 I shared a cab from the airport to the main town,
 because some guy just approached me and said,
 "Do you want to share a cab?"
 And then he turned out, he said he didn't have any money.
 It was all a bit dodgy, but he...
 You've been duped, my friend.
 He was a really peculiar guy,
 because he said he was there for some kind of corporate espionage purposes.
 Right?
 And he said that's what he does,
 and he goes around to make sure that, for example,
 the Maltese mother care aren't selling.
 He's probably from Chinese homestars.
 It was so unclear what he was doing,
 and then he found out I had some kind of job in the media,
 and he didn't say a word for the rest of the journey,
 except to clarify, perhaps,
 that he didn't have any money to pay for the cab at the end of it.
 Sounds like he really didn't want you to mention him publicly,
 so it's a good thing that this will be going out to a few hundred thousand people.
 I have one last thing, which is,
 I think I have found the only copperlight street in the world.
 Okay, what do you mean, like it's paved with poo?
 No, it's called Copperlight Street.
 As far as I can tell, I've gone on Google Maps,
 and I've put copperlight in,
 and there's only one place in the world that has it on its sign.
 Is it in Light Regis?
 Oh, no.
 It's an Ipswich, which is in Suffolk for anyone overseas listening.
 And yeah, it's Copperlight Street.
 It was named that because there was a guy called Edward Packer,
 who started basically a fossil feces factory,
 burning it up and using the energy.
 He was known as the Golden Muck Man of Ipswich, or the Copperlight King.
 Yeah, the Copperlight King.
 Man, what a great name.
 Where are they finding enough fossils to...
 Yeah, I guess back in the day in the 1800s, they're everywhere, right?
 Somewhere near Ipswich, I guess.
 Norwich, no.
 I can't believe the way you researched, Dan,
 is you just type in all the keywords
 that were researching that week into Google Maps
 to see if there were places named after them.
 Adam, do you think this is genius,
 or are you just disappointed with your teammate?
 I wish I thought of it first.
 Seven years, it's finally paid off.
 Copperlight Street, you wouldn't have thought.
 The only one in the world.
 Looking at that list, that massive list of Copperlight Facts,
 I just imagined Dan being like, "Yeah, we're running out of facts."
 So I'm just going to not Google it,
 I'm going to literally Google Earth it.
 Do you want to think outside of the box here?
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to speak to me,
 you can go to Twitter,
 and you can look for @JamesHarken,
 and I will be there.
 If you would like to speak to Andrew Hunter Murray,
 you can go to @AndrewHunterM on that very same website,
 and Dan is there as well at Shriverland.
 If you would like to speak to Anna,
 you can email her or indeed any of us
 on the address podcast@qi.com,
 and if you'd like to learn more about the podcast,
 you can go to knowsuchthingasafish.com,
 and that is also the place where you can get tickets to the shows,
 which I mentioned at the top of this show.
 The easier place to go for those as well is qi.com/fishevents.
 We will be back again next week
 with another episode of No Such Things as a Fish,
 another normal episode.
 But in the meantime,
 hope you enjoy your bank holiday weekend
 if you're in the UK,
 and wherever you are in the world,
 hope you're having a great time.
 We will see you again next week.
 Good bye!
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
