 *starts playing*
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anna Chazinski and
 Alex Bell and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is Chazinski.
 Yep, my fact this week is that the inventor of the Venn diagram also invented a machine
 that automatically bowls cricket balls.
 Yeah, you can see how the two cross over because the Venn diagram is circular and while
 there are circles in it, right, and the cricket balls are circular I suppose.
 Yeah.
 So I think that's where you got the inspiration.
 So does that mean that you could draw a Venn diagram of cricket related inventions involving
 balls in one circle and Venn diagrams in another circle and then in the middle you've got
 this guy who invented both.
 So that's not a Venn diagram because you've just fallen into the biggest Venn diagram
 trap that the internet ever creates which is that really annoying thing where it has,
 as you've just said, this thing plus this thing equals John Venn, but that's not what a Venn
 diagram is.
 Is that a Eulith diagram?
 No, it's nothing.
 It's just a thing the internet makes up.
 Okay.
 Do I really have to explain Venn diagrams?
 Yes, please.
 So I guess as much as you've got two circles and one circle is a set.
 So a category and there's a bunch of stuff in that category.
 Let's say animals and then you've got another circle which is another set.
 Things called Barney.
 Yes.
 Exactly.
 And then you have this is difficult because I don't know if accounting Barney the dinosaur
 has an actual animal.
 I think we need a third Venn diagram circle which is fictional soft creatures.
 All fictional and real animals are ever created.
 There we go.
 Then you can get Barney in the middle.
 So the thing in the middle has to belong to those categories.
 So if you all think to work, John Venn would have to be a type of cricket ball or whatever
 and a type of Venn diagram, neither of which is.
 Okay, so what about inventors of things that are round to do with round things and inventors
 of things that do with cricket and he invented both because cricket balls are round and
 Venn diagrams are round.
 Oh no, but they're not just with cricket, are they?
 We've really got sidetracks.
 It's amazing that John Venn worked it out.
 It's amazing.
 Love it.
 He didn't call them Venn diagrams.
 No.
 No.
 So they are a subcategory of Euler diagrams.
 Things where you're representing information in circles but they don't have to be linked.
 And then Venn diagrams are Eulerian circles but where there is an intersection between the
 two.
 They're Euler diagrams, aren't they?
 I don't know.
 I also his name was Euler.
 Yeah, you're probably right actually.
 But yeah, it is the thing that people confuse as well.
 I think the difference is that the Venn diagram, if you imagine the three intersecting things,
 it can include empty sections.
 So let's say you've got two circles and one of them is mammals and another one is birds
 and they're intersecting.
 You have to have that middle intersection even though there's no such things a bird that's
 also a mammal.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So he is said to have invented this diagram in 1881.
 That is the date that's put on the first time that he came up with the concept.
 So I was looking into 1881 just to see what other scientific inventions happened that year
 and it was an amazing year.
 Really.
 A lot of things happened.
 So Charles Darwin published his final scientific book, which was called the formation
 of vegetable mold through the actions of worms.
 Yeah.
 It's not exactly under the Deadly Hallows, is it?
 The first modern cesarean section was performed in 1881.
 Was it?
 Yeah.
 Alexander Fleming was born in 1881 and then lastly, Carlos Finley, who was a Cuban doctor,
 was the first to propose that yellow fever was transmitted by mosquitoes rather than direct
 human contact.
 Oh.
 That's a huge moment.
 Yeah.
 That resulted in a lot of lives saved.
 That's cool.
 Imagine being a journalist in that year.
 Yeah, a tiny baby who's been born in Hawaii and then penicillin.
 There are lots of really nice tributes to Venn, John Venn.
 So in the Cambridge College where he taught, there's a stained glass window which is a Venn
 diagram.
 He's got three circles of overlapping stained glass and in the middle is much darker.
 So it's kind of half double glazed and then half single glazed.
 And then a bit of it's triple glazed because there are three circles.
 Wow.
 That would must be really warm.
 Yeah.
 That's...
 So yeah, do you know what college he went to?
 Was it Gonville & Keese?
 Yeah, he went to Gonville & Keese and he did a couple of other things in his life.
 So first of all, I should explain.
 He did invent the odd thing and one of them was this automatic bowling machine for cricket
 balls.
 And the weird thing about this was that he invented it and the Australian cricket team
 had come to visit Britain and they visited Cambridge where he was at the time and he whipped
 it out.
 He was asked to get out of his cricket bowling machine to entertain them and it automatically
 bowled out Australia's best batsman four times running.
 Wow.
 So that was the glory days of English cricket.
 But another thing he did, which I love, it's almost about the only other sort of thing that
 goes down in his biography, aside from with mathematical stuff, is that he, with his son,
 compiled a book that was a biographical list of all known students, graduates and holders
 of office ever to go to the University of Cambridge from the beginning of history up until...
 Well, he only got to 1751 before he died.
 So that was 136,000 biographies of people that he wrote.
 What a dull look.
 It's not how did he find out those little biographies of all of these people, it was incredible.
 School reports?
 Yeah, I guess so.
 They must have had some sort of records.
 I mean, if anyone's going to have records, it's going to be like a really old university
 that has had like a consistent way of doing things for years and years.
 I think they obviously had something otherwise it was just him and his son made it up.
 Why would you wreck it?
 Mike Smith did.
 Do you know something else that has a Venn diagram on it, "Intribute" is, if you live in
 Clapham in London, or you've ever been to Clapham, there's Venn Street, which you might
 know has got Venn Street records on it, which I really like.
 And that's named after, not John Venn, after his grandfather, who happened to be the reverent
 and erected in Clapham.
 And it does so the sign for Venn Street also has a Venn diagram on it, "Intribute to the
 Rectors grandson who invented the diagram."
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact, my fact this week is that if
 you want to increase capacity on a cruise ship, you just simply have to cut it in half and
 add a whole new chunk of ship.
 That's done.
 It's so weird.
 I've seen an amazing video of it.
 What they do is they take these cruise ships and they dock them and they just literally
 slice down the middle.
 It's obviously a spot where the original design says, "If you ever need to cut this into two,
 this is where it happens."
 Is it like a sort of scissors symbol in a docked life or around the ship?
 And so they cut it in half and they separate it.
 And then they just insert the chunk that they would like to go inside and push as if it's
 a meat to a ship sandwich, close it up, and then it's ready to go and it's fully functioning.
 It's extraordinary.
 The first problem I have with this is that all the rims in a hotel are cruise ship are
 numbered.
 So you're going to get room like 17, 18, 18B, 18C, is it because otherwise you're not going
 to make any sense.
 I bet they just renumber the rooms.
 Yeah, you can just take the numbers off, can't you?
 Probably.
 I'm sure they make removable numbers.
 You do have to unscrew them, but they've got people to do that.
 In many ways, this is the smallest part of the operate.
 Yes, but they rename the ship usually when they change it as well.
 Queen Mary.
 You've got to come up with sort of your fits.
 So yeah, I mean, this was done with a ship, which was called the Silver Spirit.
 That's one example.
 And they extended it when it cut it in half.
 They put in a 49 feet chunk into the middle of it.
 And the subject of cruise ships and slicing massive sections out of things, Disney owned
 a lot of cruise liners.
 And they also have an island in the Bahamas.
 They bought it and it's one of their destinations to their cruise ships.
 But it's sort of, you know, like a very shallow sandy island with a lot of shallow kind of
 beach around it.
 So it's too, you can't get the cruise ship anywhere near to it.
 It's not like a sort of a steep kind of, you know, cliff into the sea.
 So what they did was they basically cut out an underwater parking space for their cruise
 ships.
 They just dug a massive trench that goes up towards the island, so the cruise ship
 can just sort of reverse into it and go right through the island.
 And so if you look at it on Google Earth, there's just a kind of a rectangular, dark patch
 of ocean right next to it.
 It's amazing.
 It's so cool.
 I'll post a picture on my Twitter feed.
 I found a cruise ship for Dan.
 Wow.
 Because we've been thinking of sending you away for a while.
 Thank you.
 So if you guys heard of conspiracy cruises, Dan's nodding, but he's not allowed to talk about
 it.
 Never heard of it.
 These are, I can't believe this exists.
 Go to their website.
 It promises to deliver to anyone who's interested the truth about all these things.
 And it lists the truths that it'll deliver.
 So it's the truth about global warming, fracking, HIV, vaccinations, then it gets weird
 and weirder.
 So fluoridation for bid and archaeology, JFK, September 11th.
 Yeah.
 You're welcome onto the ship by Captain Elvis Presley.
 What is they telling the truth about Star Wars agenda?
 Do you know what that is?
 That's to do with the, not the movies.
 It was a present bush.
 I think he was talking about it a lot.
 The idea of having satellites that were able to shoot down through the atmosphere.
 Presently militarizing space.
 Yes, exactly.
 Got it.
 OK.
 Oh god.
 Imagine booking for the real truth about who Luke's father really was.
 Dressed to see true fear.
 I think that person would get along perfectly well with everyone else.
 The good news is that you don't have to have any vaccinations before you go on one of these
 crickets.
 It sounds so weird.
 Where does it go?
 So it goes all over the place.
 They go to various places.
 For me to try and go.
 So one place it doesn't go?
 They're not crazy.
 It costs $3,000.
 These people don't have this money.
 A popular mechanics journalist went on it because he said he read about it and thought
 it would be really fun and thought, you know, you could go with some other
 kind of jokers and discuss stuff and said it was terrifying.
 So everyone's really serious there has taken it very seriously.
 He ended up being chased out of various conference rooms.
 So I think they suspected him of something going to flee down corridors from people chasing
 him and shutting himself in his room.
 You know, as well as conspiracy cruises, they have 80s music cruises.
 Oh, yeah.
 So they have whole cruises where just musical stars from the 80s perform.
 So there was a great write-up of one which mostly focused on Tony Hadley of Spandau Ballet.
 And he said, I saw an advert in the paper last year for music cruises.
 I couldn't believe it.
 There was Huey Lewis in the news, Pat Beneter, Crosby Stills in Nash and Alfibo.
 I phoned my manager and asked, why am I not singing at sea?
 He said, don't worry, Tony, I'm already on it.
 This does happen a lot now, not just for 80s stars.
 So the band Weezer have Weezer crews and they invite a lot of bands on.
 There's a comedy cruise as well. It was just a bunch of comedians would go off on this cruise
 and they were the entertainment.
 That sounds like hell on earth.
 Yeah, it really does.
 I throw myself in.
 Actually, speaking of comedians, there's a really good story about a cruise ship comedian
 from 1991.
 Have you guys heard of MTS Oceanus, which sank in '91?
 No.
 No.
 So this was a huge cruise ship.
 It sank and the captain and his crew were the first people off the ship when it sank
 straight away.
 Bad form.
 They didn't even make an announcement over the Tanoi, say.
 Oh, really?
 That's a real faux pas.
 Yeah.
 So they basically, the passengers heard this explosion on the ship.
 Nothing happened for ages.
 So they went to check where the captain was supposed to be and he was gone.
 He left the ship unmanned and all his crew had gone.
 And the only person left to save them was the ship entertainer called Moss Hills.
 And he's saved everyone on the ship.
 This is a great story where he rescued for 571 people.
 So first of all, he worked out how to use the ship's radio to phone a Mayday thing to say
 we're in trouble.
 You're comedian.
 He's got microphone experience.
 Is this thing on?
 You have been on a cruise and there's a massive explosion.
 Maybe it was.
 He just performed some comedy.
 And the people at the other end thought, God, we better save those poor passengers.
 But yeah, these helicopters came and lifeboats were used to rescue them.
 And he rounded everyone up and got them onto the lifeboats and organised it.
 And he and his wife and his fellow deputy entertainer were the last people off the ship.
 Do you know what happened?
 So I was looking up ship launching ceremonies.
 Oh yeah.
 And these things happen with cruise ships as well.
 The first water to touch the ship is caught, sealed in a bottle and then displayed in
 the captain's office.
 How?
 Do you catch?
 I don't know.
 What a great point.
 What if you try to collect the water and there's a fish in it?
 Do you think you'd tip the fish out or do you then, because that would be quite a good
 outcome, wouldn't it?
 Because at least you don't have this tedious bottle of water in your captain's office.
 The dead fish.
 Lovely little memento.
 The environmental damage.
 Your massive cruise ship does the ocean.
 Okay, fine.
 I'm looking on the bright side, are we?
 Just, you mentioned ceremonies.
 Yeah.
 I didn't know about the line crossing ceremony.
 Do you guys know about this?
 No.
 This happens on all ships.
 So when you turn a really inappropriate joke on a cruise ship and then we're like, no, mate.
 No, this is the line crossing ceremony is not that.
 It is when you cross the equator.
 But this is the thing that happens.
 A lot of cruise ships are due to this ceremony.
 And in the Navy they do this ceremony.
 And in also like in merchant, maybe they do this ceremony.
 And it's been happening since at least the early 1800s.
 And Darwin had it done to him, for instance.
 So on the beagle, it's really funny to read his diary from there, because he really looked
 down on it.
 And it was like, come on, I'm a bloody scientist, I'm not down for all this kind of banter.
 It was an initiation thing where he had to do lots of, as he described it, extremely
 disagreeable and unpleasant things.
 So there was a lot of simulating sex acts in the olden days and stuff, I think.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And what you were told to do is, well, first of all, you get kind of, well, what happened
 to Darwin is he got buttoned down in the hatchways in the dark until he was super hot.
 And then you get dragged up by the crew.
 And you have to go to the court of Neptune.
 So it's basically, you have to go to Neptune and be accused of your crime and you're known
 as a polywag, until you've passed the equator successfully.
 And then you become, you know, a seasoned traveler.
 And yeah, so Darwin was trapped down and then dragged up onto the deck.
 And then he had buckets of water thrown over him.
 He was blindfolded.
 He was made a stand on a plank above this huge bath of water and then they tipped him in.
 And what, and he thought it was the actual sea because he was blindfolded.
 Oh, probably, yeah.
 I'm not talking about that.
 That's a funny trick to play.
 That is funny.
 Yeah.
 And on walking the plank, there's an Norwegian cruise ship, which has a walk the plank
 experience.
 Oh.
 They make you walk the plank.
 Well, I think you volunteered to walk your foot along a net and it's an eight-foot-long
 plank, but you do it wearing a safety harness.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
 And then you go to the side of the ship and you drop.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three and that is Alex.
 My fact this week is that Steven Magan, Michael Parkinson, Aiman Holmes and Sheree Blair
 have all been dropped from the TV program.
 Who do you think you are?
 Because their ancestry is too boring.
 Are they, were they dropped mid-program?
 They were dropped.
 Yeah, pretty much.
 They signed up to do it because the program approached you and say, "Would you like to do
 the program?"
 And you sign up and say, "Yes."
 And agree to do all of the things.
 And then they start researching.
 And then at some point, they went back to these people being like, "Achee, you know what?
 Let's leave it."
 Because it's going to be rubbish.
 The good news is that their full story has made a new series called, "Who cares?"
 It was very funny because it sounds like they have to be quite diplomatic when they
 tell them.
 So with Sheree Blair, one of the producers said, "We spent hours locked in rooms with
 Sheree's publicist secretary manager, personal assistant."
 Eventually, we had to say, "You are very interesting, but we don't have a show."
 But it's amazing because Sheree Blair is a booth and she is a descendant of John Wilk's
 booth as in it's her...
 John Wilk's booth?
 Yeah, who killed Abraham Lincoln.
 Wow.
 Yeah, so it's not a direct descendant.
 It's John Wilk Booth's uncle was Sheree Blair's direct ancestor.
 And surely there was enough in there alone.
 He was really disappointed, wasn't he?
 It is kind of sad.
 All these people were, in fact.
 I think she was disappointed.
 I think Michael Parkinson might have said he was really sad as well.
 He said he was gutted.
 He said it's the one show that he would have been happy to have.
 The one show?
 No, it was the only show that of all the celebrity-based programs that he actively wanted to take
 part in.
 Not even Parkinson.
 He didn't even draw that.
 Jesus.
 Stephen Mangan's is really funny because they found out that all of his ancestors were
 from the same place in Ireland and the same very small place in Ireland.
 He's mother and father grew up in adjacent villages on the west coast of Ireland, but they
 never met until they both happened to come to London and then meet each other there.
 I think that's so interesting that your whole family can be from one tiny spot.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I would love to see a program done on Japan's emperor, you know, the imperial family in
 Japan, because they have a family tree that's traced back so far that it goes into mythological
 characters.
 At that point, I would say you've lost the trace, yeah, but they believe it in Japan.
 So it's a part of the official family tree and it goes into effectively, you know, people
 who were up on clouds and-
 But where's the crossover point?
 That must be across the point.
 Yeah, we know where it is.
 Where it is.
 Person, person, god.
 Yeah.
 660 to 585 BC was the life of Jimu who was an emperor and it's from there and his wife
 Isu Kiori, they both have family trees that disappear off into mythology with amazing
 cloud-flying emperors.
 I like the fact that you say it traces back so far that it goes into mythology as if you
 actually think that if you go back far enough in history, you will come to mythological
 creatures.
 It'd be great to be the kids of the like, well, my father is a thunder throwing god
 and my mother is from Suffolk.
 And how do they meet?
 And there's also the Guinness Book of World Records actually acknowledges the longest lineage
 of a family tree that is traceable.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, it's called the Lurie lineage that's the Lurie family.
 And it includes people like Sigmund Freud and Martin Boober, I don't know who that is.
 St. Freud, one of the most famous bands in history, and Martin Boober.
 Every son just wants to suckle on his mother's boobs.
 Oh, my god, this is crazy.
 The Lurie lineage traces back to Jaheel Lurie a 13th century rabbi in breast.
 In breastlet?
 In breastlet?
 Wow.
 Freud is just steeped in.
 And with boobies.
 Yeah.
 Well, though, of course, when you trace stuff back far enough, as we said before, then you
 know, you all unite around the same person, like we're all related to Martin Boober.
 Are we all boobers at the end of the day?
 There is, there was a lot of this mythology stuff in the past, wasn't there?
 And there was a theory that the British royals were descended from Brutus.
 Was there?
 Yeah, but Brutus ended all day to back to the fall of Troy.
 Okay.
 That was the thing.
 There was a Brutus who, the Roman Brutus was descended, and not the Caesar Brutus,
 there was an earlier, more mythological Brutus, was descended from the people who left
 Troy, the Trojans, when they left after the fall of the city, and that, through Brutus,
 that's how it descended to the English monarchs in the 15th and 16th centuries.
 Yeah, that was the myth.
 Well, Shari Blair is related to Brutus, Junius Brutus Booth, the father of John Wilkes Booth,
 who was named after Brutus, yeah, from the play.
 How many?
 And he was a very famous actor, and what's very interesting about him is that he also attempted
 to assassinate a president.
 A Trojans assassinated president?
 Well, he sent a letter to President Andrew Jackson.
 He demanded that he pardon two pirates, and he, and he, there was a threat of assassination
 if he didn't, and he got caught for it.
 Yeah, isn't that weird?
 His dad was a dancer, yeah.
 Wow.
 Well, like father, like son, you know, you know what you grow up with, you're often influenced
 by it, aren't you?
 Just on Shari Blair's family, Tony Booth was her dad.
 Yeah.
 Not a difficult one to trace back, obviously, but he was a famous actor.
 Well, you have the discovery, Steve.
 You can't believe he didn't find out the Tony Booth thing, guys, that's right there.
 He was an actor.
 He was famous.
 He was an intellect.
 It was part, and there is other things.
 He clearly had bit parts in EastEnders and Emadale, and he played the same character in both,
 which is a tramp who acts as a spiritual guide to one of the characters.
 Cool.
 Presumably the people who made, which was Emadale in EastEnders.
 Yeah.
 Presumably the people who made, say, EastEnders sought the tramp, giving spiritual advice to
 one of the characters in Emadale and thought, we've got to get this tramp.
 Yeah.
 But do you know what other films he did, Tony Booth, which I didn't know?
 No.
 And it's just such a weird idea.
 It's saucy films, isn't it?
 It's such saucy films.
 We did the Confessions of Series, which was in the '70s, and it was like Confessions
 of a Window Cleaner, which embarrassingly was the top grossing British film of 1974.
 Yes.
 And it's sort of comedy sex films.
 Yeah, a lot of boobers in there.
 A lot of boobers.
 A lot of boobers.
 Yeah.
 He was in all of these Confessions of a Driving Instructor, and the plot is, as you would
 predict, a window cleaner goes around shagging lots of housewives.
 That's true.
 That's true.
 And that would be three things and stuff.
 But he's on the other side of the window.
 That's the tragedy of the window cleaner, isn't it?
 Yeah, but he can drill a hole because they have, um, drills, famously window cleaners.
 Yeah.
 You're welcome with those.
 Just clean, or shall I do the drilling service, too.
 Yeah, I could do with some air.
 The last mechanism is broken, so yeah, drill through it, thanks.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that Wombats can kill predators by crushing them with their bottoms.
 So it does require quite a lot of setup.
 This, um, prank.
 I'm going to call it, prank?
 Defense mechanism.
 Yeah.
 I wouldn't say prank.
 OK, fair enough.
 So there's an essay in the London Review of Books, a baritacle, Catherine Rundle, which
 is all about Wombats, and it's full of very interesting facts about them.
 So Wombats have burrows.
 They dig lots of burrows, actually.
 And they have very, very hard bottoms.
 So we've mentioned before that sometimes they will plug the ground with their bumps when
 their predators are out.
 And the predators won't be able to...
 Like a door.
 Yeah, like a carpet pass, yeah.
 And so it turns out also that the scientists have found shattered fox skulls inside Wombat
 burrows.
 So if a fox follows a Wombat into its burrow, the Wombat will crush the fox's head against
 the wall of its own burrow and kill it.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's very, very hard.
 Very hard to go.
 Yeah.
 Well, the roof, yeah, and apparently with dingos, they'll just slam them up against
 the roof.
 Incredible, pranks.
 I'd like to...
 Harry Hill do the voiceovers, and you've been crushed.
 They're so good with their bumps, though, because they can...
 Like, it's classic QI factors that they Wombats have cubic feces.
 And then I didn't even know this.
 They stack that.
 They stack their poo.
 And it's supposed to be scientists think it might be some sort of like, status symbol
 to sort of put your poo in a high tower, which you can't do, because they're square.
 Because they're square, yeah.
 So they do up to 80 to 100 a day, or per night, rather.
 And they...
 They're for display purposes, effectively.
 So they don't want them rolling off rocks when they put them up on a rock for it to be seen.
 Well, it's...
 Yeah, it's to mark territory, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 To attract people.
 But it's a bit rough on the baby Wombats, because Wombats, obviously, are my soupies.
 And as we've said in a previous podcast, the baby's face backwards in the pouch.
 And so what this means is, they're always pooing.
 And the baby Wombats face is usually poking out of its thing, the pouch just below its
 ass.
 And it's just shoved in this pool all the time.
 Yeah.
 That's not true.
 That's not true.
 There's that baby you've got shit in your face.
 AC to 100 times a day.
 The head is just poking out, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Behind the back of the mother.
 Yeah.
 But the weird thing is that they don't have cubic anuses that have square anuses to produce
 the cubic poo.
 There's a mystery.
 It's not really a mystery, because we know how they make it.
 Oh, we do know how they make it.
 We do know how they make it.
 So it's in the...
 It takes them 14 to 18 days to digest food.
 It's very, very long.
 So by the time it gets out of them, it's really compact.
 And it's had all the nutrition taken out of it.
 You know, it's very efficiently done.
 And they have ridges in the first bit of their intestine, which shapes the food as it's
 being digested into these cubic shapes.
 And then they have also have special bones in the bottoms to keep the poo in the cubic shape.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 It's like an inbuilt cookie cutter.
 It is.
 It's holding the...
 It genuinely is.
 In December, they do Christmas trees as well.
 It would be great if they could vary it like a balloon magician.
 What should we do?
 Not come into your children's parties.
 Well, she's booked the one bag again.
 Well, I like about one bag says.
 You can see pictures of them where when the young one bag that's in the pouch is almost
 mature enough to leave, it's probably poking its head out and it grazes, so it'll be eating
 grass out of the back.
 And the mother will eat grass out of the front.
 And it just looks like it's a two-headed ball bag.
 That's incredible.
 Wow.
 Amazing.
 You must have seen them, Dan, because you...
 You're Australian.
 Yeah.
 I've seen them in captivity.
 They're so beautiful.
 They're my favourite animal, I have to say.
 I saw one for the first time this year.
 Yeah, really.
 Amazing.
 Oh, when we went to Oz, yeah, it's the course.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And Australian zoos, apparently, they have the second highest danger rating.
 So the only things that beat them are lions and bears.
 And then as a zookeeper, the next thing you've got to be terrified of is the one bag.
 When we talk.
 For a large guinea pig, it's quite weird.
 Yeah.
 And they run so fast as well.
 Yeah.
 They can run as fast as you say in bolt.
 I mean, faster, faster.
 For longer.
 Yeah.
 They can run at 25 miles an hour, and his top speed is about 27.
 Yeah.
 But your same bolt can run at 27 miles an hour, give or take, for about what, nine seconds.
 One bats can run at 25 miles an hour for 90 seconds.
 So if they were trying to catch him, they would.
 We don't know whether or not you same bolt could keep that up for longer.
 That's just what he...
 That's where he has to stop.
 No one's ever put him on a longer track.
 He's done a 200 metre, but that's a different discipline.
 He's running a different pace there.
 That's a good point.
 If he reaches a...
 If we just said, just keep going when you get to the end.
 Are you saying you think he could run at that speed for a kilometre?
 Well, a minute and a half would be, because that's what a one-back can do.
 Yeah.
 I'd be curious to know what his deceleration was.
 Would you...
 What you think he might just be choosing to run 200 metres a bit slower?
 Because never mind, often, anyway.
 I was hoping that we'd glossed over my theory, but no, thank you for bringing that back up.
 Yeah.
 I was looking up other animals that use their arses in interesting ways.
 Cool.
 There's a type of caterpillar called the Skipper Caterpillar, which does the thing called
 "scat firing".
 So it's able to launch its poo out of its back end, kind of a high speed.
 It was...
 I think it's trying to think it was genetically evolved as a way of just getting or
 put away from you, just seeing if I hide you in reasons.
 Yeah.
 But it's also pretty good for shooting like wasps that come to an issue.
 Wow.
 Isn't that great?
 Yeah.
 It's like a paintball gun or something.
 Like a clay pigeon shooting, kind of thing.
 Yeah.
 Wow, imagine.
 Who wasps shooting?
 We had evolved to be able to shoot pigeons with poo as they approached us.
 Yeah.
 I think clothing would have evolved differently to allow you easy access to a weapon.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But it's amazing how it works.
 So poo comes out in pellets and so they come out and then they get sort of stored inside
 a special launch pad, an anal kind of launch pad, and then it pumps up the blood pressure.
 Like, you know, when like in a computer game, like, yeah, and then, and then kind of like launches
 it like a catapult.
 Wow.
 Oh, what?
 So they poo inside themselves and then...
 Yeah, pretty much.
 ...store it up for the launch.
 ...into the, like, the, what's it called, like, into the chamber?
 Yeah.
 So you've got a false bottom.
 Or you've got a second bottom.
 Exactly.
 A second bottom inside your first bottom.
 Yeah.
 Because the first...
 They're all magicians.
 Wow.
 That's extraordinary.
 That's incredible.
 That's really amazing.
 So there was a...
 I'd rather like this.
 So there used to be a giant wombat, which were weighed three tons.
 It was about the size of a rhino and it lived until really recently.
 So we think it only died out around the time that humans first reached Australasia.
 So there's a big question about who killed the giant wombat and whether it was us, basically.
 Okay.
 Sounds like it was us.
 Yeah.
 It does sound like it was us, but maybe it was environmental.
 Maybe it was, you know, climate factors or something like it was probably us.
 It was probably us who killed all the giant wombat's.
 But they were alive until about 50,000 years ago.
 So it's really recent that we had these things.
 As big as rhinos.
 As big as rhinos.
 Imagine that.
 That's crazy.
 And their hindquarters were very developed for their size.
 So they had, like, like, super anuses.
 Oh, man.
 You could build a pyramid out of the squares coming out of that.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So they were saying, what if a marsupial had evolved into a horse-like creature?
 How would that have affected?
 It was just a discussion for them saying, wouldn't it have been cool if we could have domesticated
 the giant wombat and used that in equestrian ways?
 Yes.
 So they are very hard to domesticate.
 And also if you're wrong.
 That might be extinct by 50,000 years.
 So Iraq and we be overrun with them and living underground and it would be a nine now.
 Riding them presumably you'd have to face backwards because of the pouch thing, which I think
 would be quite difficult.
 You're proposing that you get into the pouch.
 I see.
 That's how you'd ride it, right?
 You get on it.
 You get on top of it.
 Do you think?
 Yeah.
 What if it had a baby jumping in the pouch?
 Yeah.
 That's a good point.
 Also, we've established you'd just be having that shit all over your face all the time.
 It's not ideal.
 Yeah.
 Is there an animal living currently that has a pouch big enough that a human could sit inside
 it of living, though?
 Yeah.
 I mean, the kangaroos probably got the biggest pouch.
 Yeah.
 Even quite large kangaroos.
 You can't fit a baby in there.
 You can fit a baby into a kangaroo's pouch.
 Yeah.
 They're gross and disgusting and you wouldn't want to do it.
 We're talking about just, you know, theoretical theoretical.
 You have a baby.
 I have a baby.
 That's all right.
 You could definitely fit a human baby into a kangaroo's pouch.
 I don't think so.
 The largest kangaroos that go into pouches are definitely the size of human babies.
 Actually, you're right.
 Babies are small, aren't they?
 No, you're right.
 Joey's can be massive.
 Yeah.
 Joey's can be massive.
 They stay in their for ages.
 You're right.
 Either way, I'm calling social services before you get a chance to try it out.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the
 course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @StreiberlandAndy@AndryHunterM.
 Alex.
 @AlexBell.
 And Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing.
 Or you can go to our Facebook page.
 Or go to our website.
 NoSuchThing is a fish.com.
 On it, you'll find everything from a link to our newly released book, the Book of the Year
 2018.
 It's also got tour dates.
 You can get tickets for all the upcoming live shows that we're doing.
 Has a link to all the previous episodes from our podcast and it has anything else you might
 want.
 Photos, contact details, a behind-the-scenes documentary called Behind the Gills.
 It's an awesome place.
 And it was built by Alex.
 He's joining us on this podcast today.
 Thank you very much, Alex.
 Okay, we will be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
