 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, Club Fish members.
 Welcome to your bonus bit of content.
 We have a compilation episode for you this week.
 A lot of great stuff in here.
 There's conveyor belt chat.
 There's Eric the eel chat, Usain Bolt chat,
 country music star chat.
 It's a good one.
 We also have a few guest voices that you're
 going to hear along the way.
 There's Johnny Knoxville of Jackass,
 and there is Dan Snow of History Hit.
 So I hope you enjoyed this week's episode.
 Just want to quickly remind you, though,
 that we are still mid-tour.
 We're having an amazing time.
 We just got back from Gothenburg in Sweden on the weekend,
 did a couple of shows there.
 Well, we recorded one episode.
 And then in the evening, Andy James and I
 did a really odd sort of sitting in a really noisy bar episode.
 It's not going to go out.
 Maybe it will go out on Club Fish,
 where we just chatted about our favorite facts
 while about 600 people tried to order drinks at the bar.
 It was so fun, though.
 It was really fun, amazing time on tour.
 And the tour is continuing.
 We're going to be in Cardiff on the 16th of October.
 We are going to be at London's Theatre Royal in Drury Lane
 on the 23rd and the 24th.
 And then we are going to wrap up the UK tour
 on the 27th of October at Manchester.
 But otherwise, let's get on with this show.
 So a compilation.
 And we begin the chat with Johnny Knoxville chatting
 about interesting and odd country music stars.
 Here we go.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
 I think that one of the early outlaws
 was a guy called Ernest Tubb.
 Oh, Ernest Tubb was an amazing, amazing singer.
 I think he was maybe a bit early, like late '50s.
 Yeah.
 And he was known as the Texas Troubadour.
 But he was a massive liability.
 He was one of these always drunk,
 kicked the windows out of his limo
 once, which was really impressive.
 His own record label had to hire someone
 to go around with him to wrestle him to the ground
 when he got too rowdy.
 And he just walked into the National Life Building,
 which I think was maybe the home of country music in Nashville.
 It was where all the big stars were put on.
 Walked in there with a magnum in order
 to shoot a producer over some feud they had.
 This producer, Jim Denney.
 And I think he was so drunk that he couldn't really see straight.
 And he just mistook someone else for him and shot him instead.
 Oh, my God.
 And he was just a public drunkenness, as he would.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He was all geared to shoot somebody.
 You've got to shoot somebody when you're in that mood.
 So this is pre these guys.
 But I'm more old school country listener
 and love Hank Williams.
 And I've always loved about Hank Williams.
 The fact that when he got married,
 he had a matinee and an evening performance of it.
 And his wedding was--
 You mean he did a gig?
 Well, his wedding was a gig.
 He sold tickets to his wedding.
 He invited 28,000 people.
 James, you just made a noise as if you're annoyed with yourself
 that you didn't think of that.
 I'm so annoyed.
 My wedding was so expensive.
 Imagine why I could have squeezed out of them.
 28,000 people?
 Yeah, yeah.
 How many people were sitting on the bride side?
 Because I feel that would be really heavy, that gig.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And yeah, it was his second marriage, in fact.
 And it was in Louisiana.
 And yeah, they held two ceremonies.
 But he has the--
 I just did not know how he died.
 It's the weirdest story.
 Oh, yeah?
 Yeah.
 He, A, he died so young.
 And when I listen to Hank Williams,
 he sounds like he's got an old voice.
 He died when he was 30.
 And he died--
 He looked like he was 50.
 He did look older.
 I think lifestyle, maybe, had something to do with it.
 But yeah, he really did, didn't he?
 And he died on New Year's Day, I think,
 or maybe January the 2nd.
 But he'd been on his way to a gig.
 And I think the flight had been canceled.
 And he randomly asked a student called Charles Carr,
 fittingly, to drive his car to the gig.
 And basically, weirdly, the last place they were in, Johnny,
 was Knoxville, Tennessee.
 Yes.
 You proud of that?
 Well, my father used to brag, you know, Hank Williams died
 at the hotel right uptown.
 And in reality, he died between that hotel and the gig.
 But dad was very proud that Hank Williams died at that hotel.
 Why wouldn't you be?
 You know?
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 It's a great claim to fame for you.
 But it's so dark, there's guys driving him to the gig
 and realize that Hank Williams had just
 been dead in the back of his car for a relatively long period
 of time and then had to go into a gas station
 and say, hey, this is going to sound so weird,
 but Hank Williams was sort of biggest star in the country.
 He's in the back of my car and he's dead.
 Can you help me?
 What a mad way to go.
 Yeah.
 And what a mad anecdote for that guy, Charles Carr,
 a student Charles Carr, to have for the rest of his life.
 Yeah, it feels more weird for him than Hank.
 Yeah, I didn't have TikTok or anything to tell anyone.
 No, I think that might have breached TikTok's regulations.
 Speaking of deaths, I was looking
 at people who had been shot for bad reasons.
 Oh, yeah.
 If you go to Tombstone, there's a graveyard there,
 the Boothill Graveyard.
 And there's lots of people buried and they're all
 from the Wild West and they all have quite good stories.
 So there was a guy called Billy Kinsman.
 Someone played a trick on him and put an advert in the paper
 saying that he was planning to marry someone called May Woodman.
 He then took out an advert saying it wasn't true.
 And May Woodman was so upset by it that she shot him.
 Oh, wow.
 That's on the headstone?
 No, no, people did research afterwards.
 It goes down three different tombstones.
 We need more headstones.
 Yeah.
 There was a guy called Tom Jay Waters,
 who was shot to death during a fight about a blue and black
 plaid shirt that he was wearing that day.
 Wait, was it one of those arguments about,
 oh, is this blue and black?
 Or is it red and silver?
 Those internet meme things.
 I'm afraid not.
 Apparently, people kept making jokes about his new shirt.
 And he said, I'll knock down any man who opens his mouth
 about my shirt again.
 And some of the blog walks in the bar,
 made a joke about his shirt.
 Walter's knocked him unconscious.
 And the next day, he shot him.
 Oh.
 Hang on, he shot the guy he knocked unconscious
 or the unconscious guy shot him?
 No, the unconscious guy.
 Basically, it just come in, made a perfectly normal joke,
 being punched in the face, decided, no, you're going to get it.
 We mentioned briefly Baron Coubertin,
 who was the sort of father of the modern Olympics.
 And he was French.
 And he wanted the Olympics to happen because of the Franco
 Prussian War, partly.
 Because that happened in 1870, didn't it?
 And he would have been seven years old at the time.
 And I think he was caught up in it as a seven-year-old.
 I'm not heavily involved, but he was--
 I think it was basically, it was quite an embarrassment
 for France, wasn't it, the Franco-Prussian War?
 And I think the whole--
 even seven-year-olds in the playground were going,
 oh, this is awful.
 It's awful.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You're absolutely right.
 It was embarrassing.
 We shouldn't even be mentioning it during the Olympics now,
 because it was a bad war for France.
 And in fact, Prussian soldiers were at his home.
 And they took away his croquet box.
 And they filled it with explosives.
 And they blew it up on a nearby railway.
 That is a dangerous thing to put.
 Did they put those grenades that look a little bit
 like croquet bowls?
 Yeah, and they took a huge mallet.
 And then they just walloped it, and it blew up the railway.
 But I think he was trying to restore French vitality,
 but also international unity.
 He wanted peace rather than national pride,
 which is ironic, considering the mega competition
 that it leads to.
 Yeah, he was.
 He basically, I think, from memory from the book,
 A Load of All Balls, a QI Book of Sport,
 in which this is mentioned.
 I think he--
 by James Harkin and Anna Tyshinski.
 With a lot of ghosting from Dan Shriver and Andrew Hunter
 Murray, I think we should add.
 Ghosting, as in you just never reply to our emails.
 I've haunted the book.
 I'll put a curse on it.
 Just as this fact is about notable swimmers
 that had a bad time of it at the Olympics,
 I thought it'd be worth mentioning the very famous one
 from the 2000 Sydney Olympics, Eric the Eel.
 Eric Mosambani, he famously was brought in on a wild card
 for developing nations, and he logged the slowest ever time
 for a 50-meter swim in Olympic history, one minute, 52
 seconds.
 I just find what was amazing about it
 is that he didn't give up after it,
 and his story sort of goes on.
 Because this is a guy who was swimming in lakes
 in order to train for the Olympics.
 The longest pool that he had was at a hotel
 that was 12 meters long, and he was only
 allowed to practice between 5 and 6 AM.
 When he actually rocked up for the Olympics
 and started doing the events, he was wearing sort of really
 weird swimming shorts.
 He didn't have speedos, and they had
 to be lent to him by a South African swimming coach.
 But after the Olympics, he became the swimming--
 he became the coach for the national swimming
 squad of Equatorial Guinea.
 And he also kept swimming himself
 and got himself to a personal best time of 52.18 seconds,
 which means he would have won gold medal at the 1956 Olympics.
 Yeah, he was only five seconds behind the gold medalist
 of the 2000 Olympics.
 That's how much training he continued to do.
 So he is now a legit brilliant swimmer.
 We shouldn't forget also Paula the Crawler,
 who was the female Equatorial Guinea swimmer at that Olympics.
 So basically, Eric the Eel became really, really famous.
 And then all the journalists were like, oh, wait a minute.
 There's another swimmer from Equatorial Guinea as well.
 And they went over and she did loads and loads of interviews.
 She was the supermarket cashier.
 And she became a celebrity even before the race started.
 She was really, really famous.
 And she came last, but she didn't come last by nearly
 as much as Eric did.
 Oh, yeah, she--
 Eric the Eel.
 Yeah, Eric the Eel was like, he almost drowned.
 That's the thing.
 I think you've got to shoot the moon.
 If you're going to come last, then you
 have to come really, really, really last to get super famous.
 What's amazing as well is, I didn't know this,
 but as a rule within swimming, if you touch the side lanes,
 if you touch those boys that are attached,
 you're disqualified from the match.
 And if you watch the final leg of Eric the Eel,
 he is literally sitting right next to it.
 And his arms getting so close.
 And that could have just been a disaster.
 It could have been disqualified from the match,
 but he did it.
 It's amazing guy.
 I don't know if it would have been more of a disaster
 if he was disqualified.
 To be fair, I don't think he was like, thank God I avoided that.
 I think I probably wished he had been.
 That's true.
 Do you remember that thing of--
 it was a headline from a couple of years ago,
 and occasionally just around the line.
 It's an outraged headline about the Navy buying a five inch
 gun and spending like $100 million,
 couldn't it?
 And the journalist who wrote the article
 assumes that the gun is five inches long rather than the width
 of the barrel being five inches.
 And it could fire quite good shells.
 It's fantastic.
 The conveyor belt, just one side of it,
 is the bit that you walk on, or the bit
 that your luggage goes on, or something like that.
 But they did invent a Mobius Strip conveyor belt a few years
 ago.
 And actually, that became quite popular,
 because what it meant was you get twice as much wear out
 of it, because--
 In my head, it's just making all your suitcases
 fall off it half way through.
 But OK, explain.
 The twist in the Mobius Strip, which
 means that as you follow the surface,
 you actually go all the way on the top of it,
 and then go all the way on the bottom of it
 before you get back to the same point again.
 But the twist was out of range of the--
 it was underneath the conveyor belt, if you know what I mean.
 Lovely.
 It's after the discharge point.
 After the discharge point, yeah, exactly.
 But yeah, these are really, really--
 well, they weren't really popular, but they did exist.
 Every home had one for a spell in the early noughties.
 Do you not remember the Mobius Strip conveyor belt day
 that we had?
 Your parents would.
 Right.
 Have you guys, by the way, ever used--
 and I've never seen this in a Pizza Hut--
 the subconscious menu.
 This is in--
 This is in 2014.
 And it sounds like it was going to be rolled out,
 but I certainly have never seen it.
 It's a Darren Brown thing.
 I've never been to a Pizza Hut.
 Have you never?
 No.
 From just memes and stuff, do they have a salad place?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And all you can eat pizza and stuff like that.
 Yeah.
 You've got two options, ordering, or you do the buffet,
 and you go up, and yeah, it's the sort of all you can eat.
 We can't-- this podcast can't turn to a Pizza Hut explainer
 for the uninitiated.
 No, but it's like--
 their game is we bet we can fill you up with dough
 before you make money off us on the toppings.
 That's effectively the battle you're in, the battle of wits
 you're in, but the Pizza Hut had quarters.
 No, it was ever beaten then.
 Well, supposedly, they launched this thing,
 the subconscious menu.
 And the idea is that it was done in conjunction
 with this thing called Tobii Technology,
 and they developed eye recognition software
 so that if you were confused about what toppings you wanted
 on a pizza, you stared at a screen,
 and within 2.5 seconds, it can analyze what your eyes were
 going, ooh, or no.
 And it uses your eye language, whatever
 that was conveying, to then say, oh, you want a pizza
 with all these random things on it,
 and you say, yes, that's right.
 And that's the way you can order there, the sweet dishes.
 What if all your eyes are saying is,
 I don't eat at places with pictures on the menu?
 They send you across the food straight to brands.
 Dan, are you surprised they didn't roll out
 an incredibly expensive-sounding high-tech system
 for a very low-margin business model?
 I am, because they said that the response was very
 incredibly positive.
 98% of people were happy with the recommended toppings.
 It sounds like a girl.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And how did it react if people's eyes were rolling back
 into their heads and seeing this ridiculous technology?
 Yeah, I don't know.
 One last silly news story from this month from the BBC.
 OK, I'm just going to read you the first sentence of it.
 "Justice was served extra hot when police
 seized a food delivery bike, then delivered the pizza.
 And it's from North Wales.
 And as he's police, they spotted an uninsured driver.
 They seized his motorbike.
 He was on his way to deliver a pizza at the time.
 They then delivered the pizza to the address, right?
 And it was just-- they were so excited whoever was writing
 this article to get some jokes in.
 So after finding out the driver's insurance had run out
 two months ago, police were keen to dish out
 law and brackets of pizza.
 Close brackets.
 Order."
 Oh, yeah, OK.
 They went from being officers of the peace
 to officers of the pizza.
 I don't know if someone is keen to use jokes.
 I'm not sure he's fully nailed them.
 Andy, was it just those two?
 There are a couple more, but I don't think I heard that.
 Although that's a strong thing to bring up in the show
 for those two jokes.
 What?
 It was a good haul.
 Do you mean weak?
 Do you mean it's a weak thing to bring up in the show?
 Absolutely not.
 It's your words, not mine.
 But you know what they can do for these conveyor belts?
 They can't adjust the temperatures,
 but they can adjust the cheese.
 And that has been done.
 So let's say you go into a hotter oven
 and the cheese that you've bought
 is going and being cooked through it.
 That might burn because the cheese is now
 being exposed to a higher heat at a quicker rate or whatever.
 But there's a man who's called James Leprino,
 AKA the Willy Wonka of cheese,
 who supplies 85% of all the cheese
 that are used for major pizza companies
 like Pizza Hut, Domino's, Papa John's.
 He is the cheese man.
 In the world?
 In the world.
 85%.
 How big is this herd of cows?
 This is impossible.
 That's incredible.
 They make, he's worth three billion.
 They make that roughly annually.
 It is a giant operation.
 They deal in mozzarella, mainly.
 And what they do is they adapt the cheese
 for the circumstances of the cooking
 of these major companies.
 So with the Pizza Hut conveyor belt,
 the cheese was burning.
 So yeah, Willy Wonka of cheese jumped back into the factory
 and he made it so--
 Don't call it the Willy Wonka.
 Yeah, it's horrible.
 Dad, Dad, I know we won a golden ticket,
 but I don't want to go to the cheese factory.
 I can't believe, so the solution to the burning the pizza
 wasn't figure out a way to make your ovens cold.
 They're like all other ovens.
 It was OK.
 Let's change the cheese.
 I'll change cheese.
 Well, yeah, because he's got nothing to do with the ovens.
 He's just the cheese supplier and he wants to remain it.
 So he has to adapt.
 With Domino's, when they started delivering it to your house,
 he had to adapt it so that the cheese didn't go stale
 and weird in the process.
 And they made it a longer lasting cheese
 that looked fresh and hot by the time it got to you.
 So he is, yeah, the Willy Wonka of cheese.
 Clever Willy.
 Something about Eleanor of Aquitaine
 that is not often said.
 So Queen of France, Queen of England.
 Not many people have done the double.
 Not many people.
 I think the only one.
 Mary Queen of Scots claimed it.
 I'll controversial, you know, could have claimed it.
 Her followers might have claimed it.
 But one extra one I'd like to throw into the mix.
 Queen of the Christmas movie.
 Have you heard of the movie called The Lion in Winter?
 Oh, yeah, it's huge.
 Huge movie, right?
 It's 1183 AD.
 King Henry II's three sons all want to inherit the throne,
 but he won't commit to a choice.
 When he allows his imprisoned wife, Eleanor of Aquitaine,
 out for a Christmas visit,
 they all variously plot to force him into a decision.
 And this movie, which was starring Catherine Hepburn.
 Yeah, it was an all-star cast.
 Yeah, Peter O'Toole.
 And this is a movie that Aaron Sorkin says
 is his favorite film of all time.
 Sylvester Stallone says the same thing.
 It's a movie that is massively--
 I just don't know how much I trust Sylvester Stallone.
 He made some great films, though, but I do.
 But it's quite different vibe to the Rocky movie, isn't it?
 They're the two best movie critics in history.
 We're talking here.
 Well, Sorkin, I mean, he would--
 he integrated dialogue from it into the West Wing.
 Like, that's how much it means to him.
 Yeah.
 But Eleanor of Aquitaine was basically--
 she was imprisoned by Henry II for decades, right,
 while he was in rule.
 But he would often let her out during Christmas periods
 and little moments where she could--
 so that was her period where the people saw her again.
 He put her on top of the tree, didn't he?
 Yeah, well, she was suddenly allowed back into public
 for those moments.
 And as a result, this is one of the most influential movies
 that we've had in recent years.
 Sorry, Kim, I've lost a little bit.
 Yeah.
 So he let Eleanor out on Christmas.
 Yeah.
 And there is a movie.
 Where do the two things collide?
 Well, this is a Christmas movie in the way
 that Die Hard's a Christmas movie, you know.
 But I don't think they only made that movie
 because they let Eleanor out on Christmas.
 Oh, is the movie set in Christmas when they let her out?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Oh, it's set.
 I just read you the blurb, yeah.
 Yeah, sorry, it was out of context a little bit.
 It was just-- you just read it.
 So in the movie, she's one of the characters in the movie.
 Yeah, yeah, she's basically a Christmas movie
 without being, obviously, a Christmas movie.
 But a lot of her big moments happen during Christmas periods
 because that's when she was let out
 and involved with her son's lives.
 And I think that this is someone who, arguably,
 is a Queen of Christmas.
 Wow.
 I'll tell you, I'll tell you.
 Father Christmas, King of Christmas,
 Eleanor Backham, Queen of Christmas.
 I was reading just while we're on the subject of, like,
 exiles as part of the topic.
 There used to be a thing, which probably still goes on,
 but it was much more of a term that was used,
 called the remittance man.
 And have you heard the remittance man?
 It's basically the idea, you have a member of your family
 who is so embarrassing that you just say, listen,
 can you move to Canada and then we'll just pay you monthly
 to just not come back?
 This is your night.
 I see why this wakes you up at night.
 That's very realistic.
 How are your family in Australia, Doug?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wait, they did fund 20 years of life until I met my wife.
 That's a good idea.
 I find interesting about going back to the tribes in Europe
 around that time, around the Roman Empire.
 The names that they're--
 well, today they sound kind of weird.
 The Allens, the Franks, the Normans, the Harries, the Charlies.
 Like, they just seem to be--
 The Charlies were always really pepped up, weren't they?
 Up for a fight.
 The Grannies?
 The Grannies.
 The Grannies, apparently, were a Germanic tribe living
 in Scandinavia, mentioned only once by historian Jodanez,
 one of his works.
 We don't know anything about them,
 apart from he had a list of a load of barbarians.
 We don't like blades inside walking sticks,
 nothing like that.
 There's in the frames that double up as machine guns.
 It's really weird.
 Were the other ones that you mentioned,
 were they all British or were they--
 No, they would be mostly living in Europe.
 So the Franks, obviously, were the French come from,
 the Normans, the--
 Well, in fact, the Franks technically are German,
 aren't they?
 And the Germans are technically French.
 Yeah, it's so weird when you're looking for them.
 The Normans are obviously from the north.
 Oh, yes, yes, exactly, Normans Scandinavian.
 And the Belgi, after whom Belgium were named,
 they were living around Winchester for quite a long time.
 What are they?
 The Parisei were living in Hull, where we get Paris from.
 So they're all moving all over the place.
 Oh, Hull, the Paris of Britain.
 Paris of the north.
 And Brittany, speaking of the Roman Empire falling,
 that's where all the Roman Britons went to escape to France,
 which was marginally safer, to Brittany.
 Is that why it's Brittany?
 I didn't know that.
 That's the Britons, yeah, yeah.
 Right.
 So the English, the Angles, and they came to England,
 the Brits all went to Brittany.
 The Welsh is what the Anglo-Saxons called strangers.
 So Welsh is the equivalent of Barbarian, isn't it?
 Well, no, the Welsh--
 Ethnologically, shortly.
 Welsh is-- yeah, I guess.
 So one old Welsh would be sort of foreign, right?
 Yeah, same as Barbarian, right?
 And Greek Barbaros originally meant foreigner.
 Yeah, I guess so.
 That's what you call just like those weirdos next door.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Do you know who's really into Barbarians?
 Barack Obama.
 OK.
 A very specific one.
 The rugby team?
 Conan the Barbarian.
 Oh, Conan the Barbarian.
 It was revealed by someone close to him
 that he collects Conan the Barbarian comics.
 Yeah, he's obsessed with them, right?
 He has a big collection.
 Not so.
 And when the people who make Conan the Barbarian
 found that out, a collaboration happened,
 not with Barack Obama, but just with someone
 who had the idea and the makers of the comic.
 And they did a whole series of Barack the Barbarian.
 I've seen them, and they are wild.
 He is there scantily clad on the front cover
 with a naked woman virtually holding onto his leg.
 Did he OK this?
 The things people do is try and get a co-lab on Instagram.
 Yeah, astonishing.
 Yeah.
 I do think it would be very cool.
 We're getting close to doing something like this,
 where you can create an app.
 So you know you've got apps now that you can point at a tree
 and it'll tell you what the type of tree is.
 But a historical app that tells you, like, oh, this tree,
 this is the tree where a drunken moose got stuck in.
 You know, this is the tree where--
 Well, I think that might be slightly more complicated.
 You might have GPS on there as well.
 Not just looking at the tree.
 Yeah, it's totally doable.
 I think that'd be great.
 Every tree must have a story in central London, for example.
 It feels like it's the job of someone like us
 to go around and actually write the history so that it
 can be accessible by app.
 History.
 You've got the time?
 Yes, tree.
 OK, you've got the app name.
 Oh, my days.
 Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa.
 But it feels like you guys should do loads and loads of work,
 only for some tech bro to come along,
 like slice all that off the internet for free,
 not credit you, and then stick it on an app
 that he sells for millions.
 Yeah, that sounds like a good idea.
 Let's do that.
 Yeah, I'm going to do the second one, the tech bro thing.
 Oh.
 I'll be the second guy.
 And then they have a year of zero acorns.
 Oh.
 So they're like, the oak tree keeps everyone guessing.
 They're like a cicada.
 Why do they have--
 They come out on prime numbers, right?
 So you confuse their predators.
 So confuses any animals who are like,
 I'm just going to hang out in this oak tree
 and every year I'm going to eat all its offspring.
 Because, like, no offspring this year.
 Piggy, piggy.
 He's going to eat something else.
 And then one year or just absolutely shed.
 And you see it in the new forest.
 These oak trees, absolute loads and loads of acorns.
 It's like, I imagine it's like seeing--
 you know, when you see a fruit machine that hasn't paid out
 for ages or something, just looking up at the tree.
 Like, it's heavy.
 I know it's coming.
 That's what exactly it's like.
 And then there was an admiral, I think it was Jarvis.
 I can't remember, First Lord of the Admiralty or St. Vincent,
 who, one of Nelson's contemporaries basically,
 who would go around with his pockets full of acorns.
 Because oak tree is so important for the Royal Navy.
 As he was walking around with his mates,
 he'd just be spraying acorns all over the floor
 from his pocket.
 Johnny Apple seed kind of person.
 Yeah, that's cool.
 That's how interesting.
 A weird gig.
 It's like the Green Party, what you to do, like, rogue,
 you know, wildflowering now, don't you?
 Right, yeah, yeah.
 Which I don't believe works,
 because I've scattered wildflower seeds before
 and never have I seen a flower.
 Yeah, it's a nightmare.
 It's another nightmare for us.
 But you have to denude the soil first, I think, don't you?
 You have to get all the grass off.
 Yeah, I haven't done that.
 That's why it was all-- that's why the First World War was--
 Bad in many ways.
 But interesting from the point of view
 of a wildflower enthusiast.
 Oh, because you smash every living thing,
 you scour the ground,
 and you aerate different seeds
 because you're churning up the earth.
 Brilliant.
 So maybe there's a conspiracy theory that says
 it was all a wildflower plot.
 Yes, it is the wildflower enthusiast.
 Yes, that's a novel, I'd read.
 Gabriello Prinship was, in fact.
 A huge wildflower.
 A wildflower.
 I was reading about Thomas Jefferson's garden.
 He had, in Monticello, a really beautiful garden.
 And there was a thing that, in 1987, suddenly,
 the DEA in America, the Drug Enforcement Agency,
 suddenly stormed them and said,
 you guys need to sort something out ASAP
 or you're all going to jail,
 which is they were maintaining all the things
 that he had in his garden.
 But Jefferson used to have opium poppies
 growing in his garden.
 And for some reason, they thought that was OK
 to just continue doing.
 So until 1987--
 Well, they grew up.
 They grew up.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I mean, they'll grow.
 Indeed, if you dig up the sile in war.
 Yeah, exactly.
 First things to come up, they--
 Yeah, so they maintained it.
 They were growing.
 And they said, this needs to be eradicated immediately.
 Otherwise, you were all in serious trouble.
 And so there was this huge panic where they just were--
 they were burning it all.
 They were getting rid of it.
 They were running into that.
 They were burning all the merchandise in their store
 because they sold Thomas Jefferson t-shirts.
 I had opium poppies all over them.
 So all their merch had to go.
 It was this just mass moment of panic.
 This Monticello in his--
 No, no, when were they doing--
 '87, 1987.
 More on drugs.
 That's just too far isn't that more on drugs.
 You've got to be making opium from the poppies
 before you get it confiscated, surely?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I love that quote from John JFK when he's--
 he welcomed all his Nobel laureates into the White House.
 They had a bit of a do.
 And then he said, this is the greatest collection
 of mines in this room since Thomas Jefferson dined alone.
 Nice.
 That's a great quote.
 You know, Finnish musicians make money in a way
 that I think possibly no other country has their musicians
 making it.
 And that is through the taxi drivers of the country,
 because the Supreme Court passed a rule which meant
 that cabbies have to pay royalties when they have
 their radios on when they have passengers in the car.
 So it's like a PRS thing.
 And this was done--
 what I couldn't ascertain--
 Yeah, so they have to pay--
 When they play radio?
 Yeah, so 14 pounds every year needs
 to be paid to the Finnish Composer's Copyright Society.
 What I couldn't get to the bottom of
 was whether or not the money goes to the global artists,
 because the article does say that it's very specifically
 to help the local acts get a slice of the fare.
 That's really interesting, because you think the radio
 pay PRS anyway?
 Yeah, right, exactly.
 Yeah, so--
 And this was passed a while ago, so maybe they've overturned it.
 But definitely for a while, that was happening.
 And it led to a lot of backlash, obviously,
 from the taxi drivers who either just turned their radios off
 altogether, or I think tried to work out
 how to increase the fares to make up for the money.
 I was going to say, pass on the cost.
 Just do what supermarkets do.
 Wait, 14 quid a year?
 Yeah.
 We just felt like an odd tax to give to the taxis.
 Yeah, I'm sorry, yeah.
 I think the other thing is, whenever
 I've been in the taxi in Britain,
 the taxi driver isn't playing music for me.
 I don't want to listen to--
 what's that radio channel that they all listen to?
 LBC.
 LBC.
 I don't want to listen to LBC.
 They listen to it for themselves.
 Yeah, that's a really good point, actually.
 That is true.
 Maybe they should just test, and as long as it's something
 the passengers don't want to listen to,
 then you don't have to pay.
 You have to put in your app what music you hate.
 Yeah.
 There's a place in Australia where
 it rains less frequently.
 But when it does, they get loads of tourists.
 This place called Andamooka.
 Can you guess why the rain brings the tourists?
 It cleans something.
 They've got a big glass building, but they can't clean it.
 They can't be bothered to clean it.
 And the tourists come because they're like, oh, it's clean.
 I can see it now.
 Yeah.
 Is it very craterous?
 And then it's kind of like ponds.
 It's pools.
 It's swimming areas all of a sudden.
 And that leads to life.
 That is something breeds in the ponds.
 Tourists breed.
 Tourists need to breed.
 There's a rare frog that comes out only when it rains.
 No, it's something less alive, but it
 is something that comes out.
 A rock.
 Bones.
 It's fossil hunting.
 I'll give you rock.
 Basically, it's an opal area, like lots of those areas
 in the middle of Australia are.
 And whenever there's really heavy rain,
 basically, opals just flush down to the streets.
 And you could just walk down the street and pick opals up.
 No.
 Dick Worthington.
 Isn't that cool?
 Yeah, the streets are made of opal.
 Wow.
 Australia's mad.
 It is just a mad.
 It is a mad country.
 I mean, it's a great country.
 And anyone living there should come to our shows.
 But as we've sold them out, it's fine.
 You can say it's shit.
 OK, they cheese at cricket, fine.
 But the thing about this place is that it's rained.
 The opals have come down.
 But then, of course, it's the middle of Australia.
 It's now sunny again.
 And so you can just see the light blinting off the opal.
 So you don't even have to look.
 It's almost like you're walking down.
 Something gets in your eye.
 You look down, and it's an opal.
 So they're flushed into the town by--
 they're in the ground, and then they get sort of--
 It kind of washes the topside off.
 And they're kind of flushed down into the main street.
 It is.
 You're making it sound like there's a sort of a Sunan
 avalanche, but it just cascades through.
 Like cars have to clear the way, people are knocked over.
 Can I just do one more quick, quick thing
 about the Finnish language?
 So they have the longest multi-word palindrome
 of any language.
 Multi-word palindrome.
 So if you think like race car, that's two words.
 But if you read it backwards, you can still say race car,
 right?
 A man, a plan, a canal, a pan.
 That's a more famous one.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But multi-language.
 No, it's multi-word in one language.
 Again, then.
 It's just that listening thing, isn't it?
 This has come up--
 Talk slower, guys.
 Come on.
 This has come up by a guy called Timu Pavelainen in 1992,
 and it's just so contrived.
 It starts off.
 [NON-ENGLISH SPEECH]
 And that means Emma is already bringing the pot, Liro.
 The suitable installer gingerly placed his balls.
 And then it goes on for another page and a half.
 Wow.
 That's not wow.
 That's what you're going to get so many emails, I hope,
 in the inbox from people making longer palindromes
 in that of their own language.
 If you want to see a great one, and it is out there,
 Dmitri Marden in his book does a palindrome that is about,
 I think, like five pages long.
 It's insane.
 That's good, really.
 Maybe not as long as that, but it's pages, yeah.
 I've got it in my mind that there's a novel that was written,
 but maybe not.
 But if not, there should be as a palindrome.
 I don't-- can that be?
 Maybe it could.
 It would not be a good novel.
 Imagine not being able to get the final word right.
 Have you ever read that book where they don't use the letter
 E at all?
 Yeah, I've heard of it.
 I've never read it.
 Otter, otter drivel.
 Yeah, no, no.
 One last thing.
 Super quickly, Usain Bolt.
 He's a dad now.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what his kids are called?
 Have you called Lightning?
 He named his son.
 He's just had twins.
 He named his son Thunder.
 Brilliant.
 Yeah.
 And then Underbolt.
 And that's Thunderbolt.
 Oh, right, because of Thunderbolt, thank candy.
 Wait a minute.
 You said he had twins, what's the other one called?
 The other one's called Saint Leo.
 And then he has a one-year-old daughter.
 So the twins are younger.
 And she's called Olympia Lightning.
 Brilliant.
 Brilliant.
 Bolt.
 Also like Lightning Bolt.
 Yeah, that's so good.
 He also has another one called Wingnut.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 Hope you enjoyed that.
 If there's anything you want to discuss further
 about the things that we have said,
 you can message us on podcast@qi.com.
 And yeah, I mean, if you're around in Cardiff on the 16th,
 do come say hi.
 London, 23rd, 24th.
 Do say hi.
 27th in Manchester.
 These are all October dates.
 As you may have seen, we've turned it into a party of a night.
 We've got quizzes going on.
 We have special guests coming on who have been facts on the show
 that I've discovered in the local areas
 and get the guys to guess who I've secretly brought onto stage.
 And we induct them into a Hall of Fame.
 It's a really fun show this year.
 We're incredibly proud of it.
 And it's been so much fun meeting everyone
 who hangs around at the end for a photo.
 We've been doing these in the lobby photos with everyone.
 And yeah, really awesome to meet so many listeners of the show.
 We never get to do that, so this is our one big chance.
 Anyway, that's it.
 We'll be back again with more club fishy stuff in the future.
 And yeah, see you soon.
 All right, off with the compilation.
 (upbeat music)
