 - We run it on QI a few years ago. - Yeah.
 - Which was, there's no such thing as a fish. - You did a nice, such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting at a table with Ann Miller, James Harkin, and Andy Murray.
 And once again, we've gathered around with our favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here they are.
 Okay, fact number one, and that's you, James.
 Okay, my fact is that the most painful place to be stung by a bee is your nostril.
 - Is it? - It is.
 So a bee inside your nose.
 Yeah, just the inside of your nostril apparently, it's the worst place to be stung.
 - How do you know this? - Well, I know this because there was a Cornell University student
 called Michael Smith, who decided to let bees sting him on all different parts of his body
 and find out which was the most painful.
 - When he say, "Oh, do you mean actually all?" - Well, the main ones.
 - The main ones. - The main ones.
 - The skin. - The main ones are my hands and my feet.
 Yeah, I want to put nostril on my head shoulder's knees and toes, obviously.
 I'd say inside your mouth's fully pretty bad. - Yes. - Or your ears, like things that are touching your ears.
 - Did he do it on his penis? That's what we're all dancing around.
 - I know. - Well, you might be dancing around your penis.
 - I would be of a bee, it's stung it.
 - He did, yes.
 He did it on the number of different parts of his body, and he gave them marks out of ten
 for how painful they were, and the nostril was 9.0.
 The upper lip was 8.7, and the penis was the third worst place to be stung, and it was 7.3 out of ten.
 - Wow. - He had one bee, which he would hold beside his body in order to make it sting him.
 - And a poor bee. Just put back in the box afterwards.
 - Oh, thank god that's over, then half an hour later.
 - Oh, here we go.
 - Is it true that bees don't die after stinging you?
 - Mammals have tougher skin.
 So if they sting a mammal, there's a higher chance of the sting being left behind
 and then the bee, not surviving.
 However, if they sting other insects, which is what they normally sting, then they're fine.
 They can sting them repeatedly.
 - Do you know what a bee does if it can't sting you if you're too small to be stung?
 - If you're too small to be stung, you're going to be arrested and arrested.
 - They're not a human, like an insect.
 - Oh, like an insect. - Come on in between your nose.
 - Yes, yeah. I know, what does it do?
 - They bite. - They bite.
 - And their bites have a chemical in their basically paralyzes their prey, so they can turn them out of their hives.
 And they might be able to be used in human medicine for anesthetics.
 Actually, the theme tune to our podcast "Wosps" by Ampere Yes, the song is all about how bees survive a wasp attack
 when they come into their nest, which is that they heat it up by vibrating inside.
 And they can sustain within their own body a certain amount of heat, which is higher than a wasp heat.
 So they literally cook the wasp inside the hive.
 - That's awesome.
 - We also should mention the least painful places, just in case you have a supervillain say.
 - It's all about bees-beasting, YouTube.
 - Well, all of your shoe would be, yeah.
 - It would be amazing. - I'll look at that.
 - But on the body, the skull tip of the middle toe, apparently, and upper arm, they're all very low rated 2.3.
 - I read about this horrible thing in New Zealand, where they're selling the venom face masks.
 So the idea is that it works like a natural bullshocks in it, so they need about 20 hives to harvest one gram of this venom.
 And they claim a mixture of skin and feel firmer, it makes it, you know, like you've had a facelift.
 - But there are told you say there's no benefits, and actually it can cause you quite severe medical problems.
 - Bees can fly higher than Mount Everest.
 We did a thing about landing a helicopter on Mount Everest, which is incredibly difficult and dangerous,
 because the air is so thin up there that even with the speed of helicopters, the rotor blades go at,
 it's almost impossible to do.
 - But someone has done it, and has done it, yeah.
 - But it wasn't a bee, just to clarify.
 - Well, Edmund Hilary, he was a beekeeper, and he actually was his beekeeping job that funded his trip to get to Mount Everest, yeah.
 - Yeah, he put it on his passport when they asked what his job was, he said he was a beekeeper.
 - Oh, that's awesome.
 - Yeah, other famous beekeepers, Sherlock Holmes.
 - Yes, he retired to become a beekeeper.
 - He retired as a beekeeper.
 - Yeah, Aristotle as well, was a beekeeper.
 And he made this really odd claim that they survived for seven years, when in fact they survived for seven weeks.
 So either he thought, "Well, they're still here," and just didn't recognize that he had new born bees.
 - Oh, he was a dog.
 - Oh my god, yeah.
 - Wow, Aristotle.
 - We just blend this thing wider.
 - Yeah.
 - I saw everything in the news, in the news a few weeks ago, that Norfolk police are warning people to be aware of bee rustlers.
 They've been turning up in the night and stealing hives full of thousands of bees.
 - Oh really?
 - So that's quite a high risk, fair.
 - Yeah, wow.
 - Germany has fantastic bee laws, and roughly broken down their this.
 If bees break away from a hive, they are only still your bees if you're in pursuit.
 So as long as you're in pursuit, they are your bees.
 So there is nowhere off limits to you.
 If you have to run into the houses of parliament there, you can because you're just here to your bees.
 - Yeah.
 - You're exactly like this from this law.
 - Yeah.
 - If they then land in the hive of someone else's farm, and it's an empty hive,
 then you can break that hive down, collect your bees and bring it back and just replace the hive.
 If it lands in a hive that's full of bees, then the other owner is just acquired some new bees.
 Now the best law of the whole thing is that if you're in pursuit of your bees,
 there's a law that states that if you see someone else in pursuit of their bees,
 and your two bee colonies collide and turn into one swarm,
 you are now the co-owner of these bees.
 - You're in business with the hive, they're in business.
 - Yeah, if he drops out of pursuit, then it's your business.
 - You're in buzziness more like.
 Can I quickly tell you about bee bids?
 Please do.
 - Ooh, yeah.
 - This is an article by beekeeper on beeinformed.org.
 Nice, but the article reads,
 "Having about 10,000 bees on your face is one of the best ways to demonstrate how calm and fun
 bees can be."
 And so the idea is that, so step one, prepare the bees,
 step two, prepare the person, step three, add bees, step four, remove bees.
 Because of the more detail on how you do all of these things.
 So basically you attach them to your chin,
 and you have to put Vaseline on your eyes and you have to put Coffin in your ears.
 - How do you attach them to your chin?
 Is it like on each hair and your chin or something?
 - You put a queen bee just below your chin and the bees swarm to her.
 - How do you get her?
 - You spray the bees with sugar syrup,
 and then the assistant will tie the queen around your head so the queen is under your chin,
 and then you just hold a tray on your belly and the assistant dumps all the bees into the tray,
 and they just gather to the queen.
 - Okay.
 - And you've got a massive beard made of bees.
 However, he does point out he's never done this without being stung at least once or twice.
 - I want to know what would happen if you were in Germany and you were chasing your bees,
 and they all gathered on some guy's face.
 - You get on him.
 There is a myth about bees, according to the internet.
 This is a common misconception amongst some people that bees hate bad language
 and will sting those who swear in their presence.
 - I heard that if you kill, I think it works for bees, Andrew, whilst if you kill them,
 you need to get out of there quick because if you kill them,
 they release a chemical to warn their hive mates that there's danger.
 - They can do that even if they're still alive.
 - There was something in the news this week that they found that gorillas communicate by BL.
 - I mean, you mean gorilla gorillas, not gorilla warriors.
 - Philogastro just raised an arm.
 - Well, yes, Arifat used to just fart whenever he wanted to because that was his kind of thing.
 It was his intimidation.
 - To clear the room.
 - It was just his thing.
 He got so much joy and we have the room to ourselves, please.
 He does make a presence.
 I was reading that urban bees, they've completely evolved.
 So there was a study done in Toronto that showed that three out of eight
 alfalfa leaf cutter bees have nests that are made up of shredded plastic bags.
 Apparently, they use us as sort of salt licks, like us humans.
 - Lots of insects drink animals tears together.
 - We did on QI a few years ago that there was a company developing bee bomb detectors
 and trained bees to stick out their tongue at the smell of explosives and things like that.
 - Wow.
 - You know how you use smoke to pacify bees?
 Do you know how that works?
 - No.
 It doesn't make them drowsy as you might think in the normal way.
 They think they're in trouble and so they eat up all of the honey
 and because they eat up so much, they're so full.
 They can't really do anything and they're just waddling around
 and they're not attacking people.
 I think that's how the smoke stuff works.
 - That's great.
 - That's great, isn't it?
 - I really hope it will be by getting them addicted to the smoke
 and so that they just want another cigarette.
 - Well, there is a study where they tried to get some bees addicted to narcotics
 to see how it affected the bees.
 - Well, it could possibly go wrong.
 - Yeah, so they got some bees hooked to cocaine.
 And according to the results,
 the cocaine-turned-good bees,
 productive members of the hive,
 into untrustworthy bees.
 - Grace will hand it up a morph as well.
 - No, I think...
 - He has an untrustworthy bee behaviour, Dan.
 - I think, if I remember this study correctly,
 bees will do a little dance to say how much honey they have.
 Yeah, call the waggle dance.
 And the ones who had taken cocaine would do that.
 We've got lots of honey dance when actually they should have done that.
 We didn't really find much honey.
 We mostly found cocaine dance.
 - That's amazing.
 - We found more than anyone else has ever found.
 You've got to come. You've got to come and look.
 - What about drunk bees? Do you know about them?
 - No.
 - So you're sitting in a corner and getting a bit sad?
 - Yeah, it is a bit like that.
 They have more flying accidents than sober ones.
 And they can sometimes forget how to get back to the hive and die as a result.
 And if they do make it back to the hive,
 then they can be rounded on by other bees who punish them by chewing off their legs.
 - So they're legless.
 - Okay, let's move on to fact B, fact number two.
 Just a call back there.
 Yeah, okay, this is my fact.
 And this fact is that Walt Disney used to eat breakfast like all of us.
 But his favorite breakfast was fresh doughnuts dunked in scotch.
 - That's why the national dish of Scotland.
 - He's one of those people who, when you look into him,
 just comes up with so many extraordinary little facts about him
 that you would never have known.
 And I'm surprised that we do know, I'm surprised that we do know that he dunked his doughnuts in scotch.
 I'm surprised that we know that he used to keep his testicles on ice.
 - Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, he dunked his scotch.
 - That was on ice.
 - He was his testicles.
 He used to put his balls on ice because he had a low sperm count and he thought that would help.
 - He's in the electronics room, is that it?
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - Yeah, the rest of him isn't frozen.
 It's just his testicles.
 - It's just his balls.
 - When we regenerate him.
 - Isn't he an almost pair of balls?
 - There's a guy called Josh Schumacher in America and he's painted a thing called Snowballs.
 And these are pants that come with a special integrated pocket
 that cools the man's nether regions in an effort to boost his sperm count.
 - Ah.
 - And the awkward Christmas is sorted.
 - Yeah.
 For the man who has everything.
 - Colder testicles.
 - Um, a scariest way I went around a few years ago.
 That Iron Blue lowered your sperm count.
 - Really?
 - You basically would stuff the Scottish reproduction rates.
 I think it turned out not to be true.
 - Um, Chinese Unix would keep their testicles in a jar
 in the hope that they would arrive complete in the next world after they died.
 - Oh my god.
 - I just moved house and I, you know, I'm getting rid of a lot of my old stuff.
 I can imagine finding your testicles in a drawer or something and thinking,
 "I will hang on to these."
 - Yeah, everyone's got one of those drawers at home.
 Haven't they?
 It just starts and ends like old batteries, jars of testicles.
 - What happens to foreskins?
 - What do you mean?
 - On circumcision.
 Some of them can be used in cosmetics.
 - Yeah.
 - And they're not really supposed to be face masks.
 - I know, they're used as artificial eyelashers.
 They're just, no, they're not actually.
 - Oh my god.
 - No, there was a bit of a, a bit of a thing a couple of years ago
 that some hospitals have been taking the,
 removed fastkins from children and they've been using them
 to make cosmetics without the patient's consent.
 - I did work experience in the hospital when I was younger
 and I was in an operating theater and they had a sign on the world
 about different kinds of bins.
 And after I made it, I was, I think it was the orange bin
 was for human body parts.
 - Oh.
 - I never saw one, but I love the wary of one.
 - That's like recycling gum, mad, isn't it?
 It's like, you're going to put it in your green bin
 or your brown bin or your orange bin.
 - I didn't pay for it.
 - Walt Disney.
 What do we have about him?
 - Something I didn't know about Walt was that he was the voice of Mickey.
 - There are lots of Mickey Mouse's and one of the actors
 played Mickey Mouse, married lady who played Minnie Mouse.
 Which is very nice.
 - Oh, that's good.
 - That is good.
 - And cows in Mickey Mouse.
 There was a complaint that the otters were too big
 when it first came out.
 - Oh, really?
 - And they said pictures in the future
 will have small or invisible otters.
 Quite unlike the gargantuan organ whose antics have laked,
 her shocked some and convulsed others.
 - I get a lot of those letters too.
 - I found that yesterday.
 This is not really related,
 but from the Mickey and Minnie thing.
 Do you know Fergie from the Black Eyed Peas?
 - Yeah.
 - Was someone in peanuts?
 - What?
 - I forgot the name of the character in peanuts.
 The one with blonde curly hair.
 Her voice was done in the 80s by Fergie.
 It was the first thing she ever did when she was like nine years old.
 - Okay, I've just googled it.
 She played Sally.
 - That's right.
 - That's a really good fact.
 - Yeah.
 - Just one other related fact to people behind the characters.
 Ariel and Bell.
 So Ariel from the lore mermaid and Bell from Beauty and the Beast.
 They were both based on a real-life model.
 Whose name was Cherie Stoner.
 And they used all of her mannerisms.
 So there's very famously, Ariel does this thing where she kind of blows her hair
 in frustration and her hair bows.
 That was just Cherie just improvising in the moment.
 - Cherie also had the tail of the fish.
 - She did it.
 So I mean, it was very convenient.
 But she wasn't just a model because then she became a part of the family.
 And she was the writer and producer for the Animaniacs
 and Casper, the friendly ghost.
 - Oh really?
 - Yeah, she was like a proper...
 - That's pretty good.
 That reminds me of a fact about the Statue of Liberty.
 It was designed by Bertoldy.
 I think he based the body of the Statue of Liberty on his mistress
 and the face on his mother.
 - Oh, that's not a five-bed.
 - Which is a little bit pro-idean, isn't it?
 - But that's like Justin's mother will be very statuesque, if so.
 - Maybe she's wore a big tiara all the time.
 - Maybe.
 Justin Pollard, one of the other QILs.
 In his book, Seeker Britain, he talks about how the roles
 Royce, the Statue, the spirit of ecstasy,
 is based on the mistress of Mr. Royce.
 Was it, yeah, well, one of them.
 It was their mistress, who died in a boating accident.
 And it was his tribute to her to people alive forever.
 Yeah, so that's his mistress on the front of the car.
 Let's talk about breakfast.
 There was a study done saying that if you eat cake for breakfast,
 it's really good if you're on a diet.
 And they got a load of overweight people.
 And they gave them cake for breakfast.
 That was the only difference in any of their lifestyle.
 And they all lost weight.
 And the idea is that if you eat the sugary stuff in the morning,
 you're less likely to snack on it during the day.
 Wow.
 So a bowl of special K and a bowl of frosties
 have only a one calorie difference.
 And it's the special K that are more calorific.
 Whoa.
 So you're better off eating frosties.
 Well, really.
 The iron that you get added to cereals,
 if you have a good enough magnet,
 you can get the iron filings out of the cereal.
 There's a way of doing that.
 There's videos on YouTube of how to do it.
 Oh, that's awesome.
 Yeah.
 Disney World.
 Yes.
 Is the second largest purchaser of explosives in the US?
 They're just for their fireworks or are they taken to terrorism?
 No, it's fireworks.
 But after the military is number one.
 All that planning is something really big.
 Actually, that reminds me of the fact
 that I almost used for the podcast this week.
 I read it on a website called Collector's Weekly.com.
 And they said that before they had fireworks,
 what they would do is they would get two anvils,
 turn one of them upside down,
 put it on top of the other one,
 put explosives in between them,
 set fire to the explosives so that the anvil would fly into the sky.
 What could possibly go wrong?
 I know, and it caused all sorts of problems,
 people getting injured and what have you.
 But hang on.
 It's the cartoon trope of someone being killed
 by a massive anvil falling on them.
 Something that was a real risk.
 Yeah.
 The weather's going to be heavy anvils today
 with scattered hammers.
 [LAUGHS]
 OK, it is time now to move on to fact number three.
 And that is you, Anne.
 Yes, my fact is that the French used to call Arsonic
 "poudre de sucession" or "inheritance powder"
 because it was used in so many murders.
 That was obviously not sort of on the tin.
 Yeah, then the pharmacy, I would say, inheritance powder.
 No, it was actually, Arsonic was used quite a lot at this point
 because it was used to kill rats.
 And they actually also used Arsonic to colour their wallpaper green.
 So there were quite a lot of cases
 where people would have this sort of symptoms.
 And when they went to the seaside, it would clear up
 because they were away from their wallpaper
 and this sort of lingering Arsonicness was there.
 Wasn't Napoleon supposedly poisoned?
 But I mean, that was the myth, wasn't it?
 Yeah, there's a myth.
 People are pretty sure these days that he died of stomach cancer.
 Not a lot of wallpaper.
 That's the weird Philan on the official form,
 "Calls of Death" wallpaper.
 That was almost anvil, anvil, anvil, wallpaper.
 It's like that, either that wallpaper goes or I will.
 Yeah, he was that, he said that.
 Oscar Wilde.
 Turns out he didn't say that.
 He said something like it, but he said it days before he died.
 And I don't think he kind of went,
 "Oh, that was a pretty good end line, I'm just going to leave it there."
 He lived on for another 30 years in complete silence.
 Yeah. But there's Arsonic that.
 So I got it from Lucy Worsley's book about Modos,
 which is really interesting.
 It's all about how the British can do years of recess
 about reading about Modos.
 The Arsonic itself, it was problematic,
 because it didn't have a smell.
 And the symptoms are very similar to cholera.
 And you couldn't trace it at all until some chemists developed the marsh test,
 which is how you could separate Arsonic and prove someone had it.
 Before that, there was no way of proving that you had taken Arsonic.
 So it was there?
 It's not supposed to smell of garlic when you heat it up, or something.
 Yes, I read that as well.
 When you heat it, it's...
 Maybe they weren't cooking it.
 Yeah, or maybe they were putting it in garlic bread.
 One of the best tests for the presence of Arsonic
 was developed by Samuel Haneman,
 who is the guy who invented homeopathy.
 So that was one of his more successful...
 Could his test detect like one part in 10 billion?
 You do need a small amount, though, to live.
 They've tested it.
 Yeah, you have it in your body.
 Yeah, so they've tested on chickens and rats.
 They've given them a diet, normal diet,
 but only without Arsonic, and they grow up standard.
 So they don't know whether it's essential for humans,
 because I don't think it's done that kind of experiment.
 But isn't it in lipstick as well?
 In some things, yeah, there's some traces in the USA, I think.
 I think it's not allowed in any British cosmetics.
 In the US, you're allowed up to three parts per million of Arsonic in lipstick.
 Wow, to you.
 I was like, really grim stuff, but food isn't there, right?
 You had like one hair, or have many grams, and one dead fly.
 One rodent hair, per jar, and three up to three maggots.
 One testicle.
 One testicle, as long as it's Walt Disney's.
 In your frozen peas.
 But they used to think it was good for us,
 and they, because it was prescribed for a lot of medication.
 Yeah.
 Diabetes, tuberculosis, malaria.
 Here, Carlos Arsonic.
 Yeah, pretty much everything.
 It was, it was a pick me up.
 The cure also.
 Yeah, there was a medicine called Dr. Fowler's solution,
 which was used to treat females.
 And it's just a solution with potassium arsenide.
 Watered down with lavender water.
 And you would take a few drops with a glass of wine.
 Charles Dickens had it.
 It was used a cural, tonic, aphrodisiac, treat snake bites, malaria,
 epilepsy, morning sickness, diarrhea.
 You name it.
 There was also Dr. Roses Arsonic complexion wafers.
 They were advertised as being simply magical for the complexion.
 I've got another fact from Lucie Worsi's book, which I really love,
 which is Madame Tussard's Chamber of Horrors,
 which, which, namely, is just called the other chamber,
 sort of full with models of murder as you go and look at them.
 And during the First World War,
 trainee soldiers used to be set in the initiation test
 to go and hide in the chamber and spend the whole night there.
 And it became such a pest that Madame Tussard had to officially ask the war
 for us to stop them doing this.
 Oh, wow.
 You're sneaking in.
 I have a fact that you like Annabar Arsonic.
 And that is that hedgehogs are immune to arsenic poisoning.
 So hedgehogs?
 I like a good hedgehog fact.
 You can build up a resistance to Arsonic.
 If you try your hardest, which is good news.
 Yeah, there was some peasants in the Stirian Alps.
 It's several centuries ago who ate massive chunks of arsenic twice a week
 and they claimed it improved the complexion.
 So not far off.
 Ah, really?
 And scientists said, now that's ridiculous, arsenic's very poisonous.
 And they're like, well, how come our skin is so good?
 How come I'm going after a day in the field?
 But then there was a meeting in 1875 of the Association of German Scientists
 at which a peasant ate twice the fatal dose of arsenic trioxide
 before a big audience.
 And they tested him afterwards and they tested his urine, which is how you tell me.
 Wow, before a big audience, it's like people were easily enthained in those days.
 Well, they didn't have transformers, didn't they?
 Can't watch a man, he might die.
 Yeah, I'd watch that, like a shot.
 I think it's like an early version of man versus food.
 But versus poison.
 Yeah, that's a great step.
 Today, man one, but next time.
 Poison, poison, poison, anvil.
 Anvil, anvil.
 If you are poisoned with nitric acid, the way to tell is your snot starts to foam.
 Wow, that's cool.
 The Agatha Christie's novels.
 So Agatha Christie used to work as a nurse and a pharmacy dispenser during the work,
 where she got a lot of her knowledge about poisons.
 Over a half of her character deaths were from poison.
 And there was one case where she, I won't say the book,
 it case it's a spoiler.
 But in one kit novel, she is talian poisoning.
 And she detailed the symptoms so thoroughly, like,
 hair loss and things that go wrong.
 That they were then used by people to diagnose real life cases of talian poisoning.
 And she saved at least two lives.
 Wow, what a great fact.
 That's awesome.
 Dogs can be poisoned by eating the feces of drug users.
 Just a fact.
 It serves them right.
 Let's do it.
 I read in the New York Times that 2008 was the first time in 30 years
 that more people died from poisoning than from car crashes.
 Oh, wow.
 Oh, I see, I found the facts online, which I really like,
 which is that Jack Bauer has killed more people than sharks.
 How many sharks has he killed?
 Well, the aquatic series is coming up next, so we'll see you.
 Other things that are poisonous.
 Daffodils, old parts of a daffodil plant are poisonous to varying effects.
 If we, if I ate a daffodil, I'd die.
 If you ate too many of them, yeah, you can even if you're trapped
 in a small space with a daffodil, it'll give you headaches.
 I don't know.
 I'm weird.
 If you're stuck in a lift and the only other passenger is a daffodil.
 Yeah.
 I would like to think that after the guy eating a steak,
 it was like, I'm for our next act.
 It's a man in the box with a daffodil.
 David Blaine will be with this daffodil in a cupboard for 90 days.
 Does that mean if you're going to hospital and you're bringing flowers to someone?
 Don't bring that to us.
 You're not meant to have flowers at night.
 They bring them out of the woods.
 Do they?
 I think of a pollen or there's some there.
 Well, they'll take oxygen out of the air and release cows outside.
 People in hospitals need their oxygen.
 Yeah, but not...
 They do. They take all flowers out of hot woods at night.
 No, I'm not saying they don't take flowers out of the woods.
 I'm just saying, I think the amount of oxygen a daffodil can deal with in a night
 is not going to be asphyxiation.
 It's going to be a very ostentatious present.
 Andy, you think you're so hard.
 You can sit in a room with a daffodil.
 He's not afraid. He'll do it.
 He'll see him do it.
 Get me one now.
 Yeah, I'm right now.
 We're going to put Andy in a room with a daffodil for the next week.
 And if he's not on next week's podcast, you know what's happening to him.
 All right, it's time for our final fact of the episode.
 And that, of course, is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact this week is that shouting at drivers improves their driving.
 That doesn't really work in my experience.
 Yeah, this is under certain circumstances.
 I shouldn't clarify.
 If you're listening to this in the car, don't bellow at the driver.
 This was a study in Kenya.
 They have a lot of buses, they're called Matatus.
 And the initiative was basically to put stickers in buses with appalling images of accidents
 and things like that because they have so many traffic accidents and so many deaths.
 Right.
 And the idea was to get passengers on the buses to stand up and speak up against these
 reckless drivers who caused a lot of accidents.
 And they said, "Look, if the driver's driving badly, look at all these horrible accident photos,
 like on a packet of cigarettes and speak up."
 And everyone just started shouting at the drivers on these randomly-
 Slow down!
 Yeah, you maniac.
 And they found that Matatus with these stickers are about half as likely to get into accidents.
 But-
 There is, yeah, there's certain effects.
 I can't remember what it's called.
 There was a factory and they wanted to see if they could improve the outputs.
 And they did loads of different things to these people.
 And everything they tried, the output would go up.
 No matter what they tried, they would make the lights a bit brighter, it would work.
 They would make the lights darker, it would work.
 They would try everything, it would always work.
 And just by the fact that you're being tested or you're being studied,
 it makes people try harder because they know someone's watching.
 But I do think this did genuinely affect you.
 Yeah, no, it's a really good fact.
 So I have a news article about shouting just to slip in.
 A dog walker sparked a major search and rescue operation
 by calling out for her pet named Yelp.
 And basically, people had heard her shouting "Yelp, Yelp"
 and thought she was shouting "Help, Help."
 And there was a massive operation to try and find this woman who's calling for help.
 That's what I think people were calling.
 There was like an open shaft nearby and people thought
 that their voice was coming from the shaft.
 It's quite really good what's put a lost dog ad in the newspaper
 and the ad just read, "Here, boy."
 That's great.
 Was there one of the QI panellists who said that they had a dog called Mingus?
 Oh, it's Ross Noble. Is this Granddad's dog, I think?
 Oh, yeah.
 But yes, his dog was named Mingus.
 I can't do the accent, but Ross said.
 And the problem with this dog was that he had the same accent as Ross.
 So he goes to the park and be telling "Mingus, Mingus!"
 No, the local girls are like, "Who are you calling?"
 I read earlier that there was an ancient Greek belief that
 "Buzzle would grow better if you shouted curses at it while you were planting it."
 I haven't properly tried this out, but I liked the sound of it.
 Maybe it's because the bees would come and pollinate it.
 Yeah, they would come to the swearing.
 It's an ancient secret, there'll be one Earth.
 The effect when you're at a party or something and everyone's talking loud.
 So you talk a bit louder and then eventually everyone's talking really loud.
 There's a scientifically observed effect called the Lombard effect.
 Oh, yeah.
 And it doesn't just happen to people that happens in animals, too.
 Zebra Finches, quails, hummingbirds, marmosets, beluga whales, orcas, manatees.
 That sounds like a great party, yeah.
 Well, they've discovered that there's a certain type of bird
 that sings louder now in the city, just back to urban animals.
 This people out.
 Yeah, yeah, because of just the city noises.
 I can't remember what it's called, but it's...
 I'm pretty sure nice and girls sing louder in the cities, but I don't think it's...
 I don't think that's what you're talking about.
 Because I want to know if there's a word for that effect
 when you say something awkward, because it's loud,
 and since you say it, the music cuts out, and that's what gives you shout.
 We should call it the unmillar effect.
 Maybe not, that's not a good one.
 It's not something good named after me.
 Okay, here's not here.
 We should call it the anotizanski effect.
 I like just with this original fact of the idea of being shouted out when you're driving a bus.
 I read this great story years ago, which this has reminded me of.
 There was a bridge in China, which famously people would jump off
 and try and commit suicide.
 But if the police got there in time, they would block off the bridge
 and they would have tried to negotiate the guy off the bridge.
 And this one time, they were stuck for like two hours,
 while this guy was on the edge of the bridge,
 threatening to kill himself, and this retired soldier was just so sick of the police,
 not being able to negotiate with this guy.
 He just decided, I'm going to do something about this.
 He got out of his car, he went past the police.
 They couldn't stop him, and he went up to the guy,
 and he put his hand out to shake his hand.
 They shook hands, and then he pushed him off the bridge.
 Because he was like, you're holding up the traffic.
 Now, fortunately, when he plunged,
 he landed on a partially inflated, big bouncy castle that they make.
 You know, there was a children's party going on below.
 No, you know when you're committing suicide,
 they try to lure you down.
 Yeah, they always, for a lot of, if you get there in time,
 for a lot of suicide people,
 like if there's a fire and they'll have a blanket.
 They'll take off your shoes before you plummet.
 I have some facts about bad drivers.
 Okay.
 I spent some of this afternoon doing a theory test online.
 Oh, yeah, how'd you get on?
 I passed.
 Did you drive?
 Yeah, you're right.
 I can, yeah.
 I got the minimum pass mark.
 But I just love these questions.
 So here's one.
 It's a multiple choice.
 I'll just read out the options.
 As you approach a pelican crossing,
 the lights change to green.
 Elderly people are halfway across.
 You should wait because they will take longer to cross.
 Yeah, that sounds reasonable.
 Wave to them to cross as quickly as they can,
 or rev your engine to make them hurry.
 I remember Jenny's and myself.
 And they always were traveling like,
 "Reg your ends."
 No, just like, wait and proceed Wednesday.
 I know, there's another one where you're at a lunch occasion
 and you'll have to drive in the evening.
 Should you drink nothing?
 Have a hot meal with your alcohol.
 There was an internet news story a few years ago.
 And I'm quite sure it's not true.
 But it was supposedly the Chinese theory test.
 And some of the questions were so ridiculous.
 One of them was like, "You knock someone over.
 Do you A, go over, get their intestines and push it back into their potty."
 Or B, ring for help people to the side.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Well, there's one as man,
 which is an accident casualty as an engine arm.
 They can move freely, but it's bleeding.
 Why should you get them to keep it in a raised position?
 Is it A, that will help to reduce the bleeding?
 B, because it will ease the pain.
 C, it will help them to be seen more easily.
 Or D, to stop them touching other people.
 Would they're blood?
 That was a real British theory test.
 Here's a thing about driving.
 You can drive fast enough for speed cameras not to get you.
 If you're driving fast enough on a road.
 How fast do you have to be going?
 Only 119 million miles per hour.
 Top gear, we're with you.
 When they invented the speed cameras themselves to encourage speeding initially,
 wasn't it?
 It was the racing driver who invented the equipment.
 Yeah, that's how he was doing on the curves and corners.
 Yeah, okay.
 I have a fact about car insurance.
 Which is the very first policy was written by Lloyds in 1904.
 And it had never been done before.
 And so there were no guidelines.
 There were completely started from scratch.
 And so all the documents referred to it as a ship navigating on land.
 Nice, nice, like it.
 I have a fact about that guy, Gatso.
 Oh, yeah.
 He died in 1998.
 He was caught out by his own cameras all the time.
 And he himself said,
 "I am often caught by my own speed cameras and find hefty finds on my door mat.
 Even I can't escape my own invention.
 Because I love speeding."
 He said all of that.
 Just with the shouting thing,
 shouting obviously sometimes can just really make you feel good as well.
 But there was a study that was done.
 And this did win an egg Nobel.
 We've mentioned egg Nobel.
 One of our previous guests was Mark Abrams, who runs the whole thing.
 Oh, and the ward was given to Richard Stevens and some others at Keele University
 who confirmed that swearing relieves pain.
 Yeah, I remember that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's called Lalo Chizia.
 Yeah.
 6% of drivers will deliberately swerve to kill animals they see on the road.
 Oh, 6%.
 Well, that's pretty low.
 That's not.
 No, these words then will swerve the same way.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And the way that they worked that out is there was a study done.
 And they got like plastic animals,
 like a little plastic snake or a plastic scorpion or something.
 And they were put it on the side of the road where people weren't driving.
 And they would count how many of them sweared.
 Oh, you didn't say it was a snake or a scorpion.
 I thought you were imagining an elk or a puppy or a penguin.
 I was like with my hedgehog facts.
 I never really met a man.
 And he would drive around.
 And if he found roadkill hedgehogs, he would take them,
 make a clay cast of them, then put them back on the road
 as a permanent marker.
 So people would notice how many deaths they'd be in.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 There's someone else who drives around
 cooking roadkill and eating it.
 So maybe they're partners.
 He's tried loads of stuff.
 Yeah, he keeps eating this concrete.
 Hard and teeth.
 I wanted to just thinking about that.
 Someone putting a plastic snake on the side of the road.
 I wonder how many times a day
 just even the four of us are being secretly tested
 by scientists.
 Like there's just so many of these experiments going around.
 What about that Facebook thing the other day?
 Oh, that's strange.
 See, when you log on to Facebook,
 you don't see everything.
 You see a selection that Facebook chooses to show you.
 And they started skewing it.
 So you'd see, like, sort of pessimistic updates
 from your email friends.
 And then they'd watch you see if you then
 posted a more sad update if they could affect your mood
 by what they showed you.
 Wow.
 It's a fairly uncontroversial finding, I think,
 that if you see a load of miserable status
 as you'll feel a bit glum.
 I'll tell you, hate all your friends, which I do.
 So you've got the shine Friday.
 Yeah, I was delighted.
 I post a lot of cheery statuses.
 Great to see Neville lost his job.
 It's Neville.
 So it is controversial though,
 because they're experimenting on people
 who haven't given their permission.
 That's a big no-go.
 I'm not saying it's not.
 I'm not saying it's not.
 Yeah, but presumably the snake's on a road isn't.
 Well, the rubber snake can't give him
 full consent for two reasons.
 For many, many.
 I'm sort of the driver.
 I don't know who you are.
 OK, we should wrap up.
 Has anyone got any last minifacts on the trend?
 Yeah, go for it.
 We're especially from our first fact book,
 "1-2-7-Q-I-Facts," which is that Schimpfloss
 is a German 24-hour hotline,
 which allows customers to release
 pen to progression by swearing at the telephone operators.
 Have you seen things dressed?
 Give them a call.
 That's what they're doing.
 Do you have the number by any chance?
 I don't, but hopefully we can put it on our website.
 Yeah, we can send it.
 We'll put it on our website.
 1-800-AAAGH! OK, that's it. That's all of our facts.
 Thanks, everyone, for listening to this episode.
 And no such thing as a fish.
 And if you want to talk to any of us about the things
 that we said on this episode,
 you can reach us all on our Twitter handles.
 I'm on @SriberlandJames.
 @egshapedan.
 @miller_an.
 Andy @undruhunterm.
 We'll be back again next week.
 And we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Hi, everybody. We recorded that podcast actually a couple of days ago.
 And since then, Andy and Dan have gone to the Edinburgh Festival.
 So if you find yourself in the Edinburgh area,
 you might want to go and watch their shows.
 They have two each.
 Andy is doing two improv shows.
 One is called ostentatious.
 And the other is called Folly Adder.
 And Dan is doing his first one-hour comedy show
 called Cockblocked From Outer Space.
 And he will also be producing Museum of Curiosity,
 which is the QI radio show.
 And they'll be doing a live show in Edinburgh as well.
 So if you're a fan of their voices, why not go along?
 The laws are on their way.
 And this time, there's no escape.
