 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisclosed locations in the UK. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with
 Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin and once again we have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular
 order here we go. Starting with you, Anna. My fact this week is that the world's first
 electricity power station was built to power an artificial rainbow. Wow, that is cool.
 It was the 1870s, late 1870s, 1877, 78 and we're in Bavaria and it was built for this king,
 King Ludwig II, known as the fairy tale king for reasons that will become obvious during this section.
 He used to be a frog, didn't he? He did, yeah.
 And he wanted to make himself this grotto. He wanted to recreate these things called blue
 grottos which are natural sea caves where the sunlight makes the water glow in all rainbow
 colors and so he decided, I've heard about this new invention, electricity and I think
 I'm going to use it and so there was a little power station set up which used a steam steam
 basically which powered a dynamo and that generated electricity. So spun some coils around magnets,
 generated electricity, you got a full on rainbow inside his personal cave. It is cool but you
 would think that they'd find something better to do with their electricity, wouldn't they?
 I can't think of any better use though. But it's amazing what he did install because that grotto
 is full of not only the first artificial rainbow to be powered by this station but
 also the first, like I've been to those pools where they create artificial waves and you see
 people going surfing on them indoors. The prototype basically of that was built for this grotto.
 The wave pool, yeah. It was a wave pool, the world's first known wave machine.
 I've spent so long trying to work out how that was powered and I can't work out if it's just
 directly steam powered or whether that was part of the electricity power station fueling it.
 Wait, are you talking about the Undosa wave pool? Because this was a little bit after he died.
 Danny, you're saying it was one inside the cave. Yeah, I'm saying it was one in the grotto, yeah.
 Because, okay, this is bizarre. So he died at Lake Stranberg, which is another thing we'll come
 on to Ludwig. He died there and then 20 years after he died, this is what I found, is that the
 first wave machine, the Velenbad or wave bath was built on the shores of Lake Stranberg and it was
 given the name Undosa as well, which is Latin for the wave kingdom and it was steam powered.
 The steam engines lifted up these massive pontoons and that pulled up water and then you crash back
 down and that created a bigger wave. Oh my God, that sounds so cool. And that was in the, what,
 the early, the late 19th, early 20th century and the next oldest one opened in 1912 and that is
 called the Biltsbad and it's still working today. There's a 109 year old wave machine. That's amazing
 because actually the one that I used to go to in Bolton in the 90s isn't there anymore. So that
 shows, doesn't it? It shows how well this one stayed. Sick transit, yeah. They used to build
 things to last in the olden days. They did, yeah. But did that mean on the pontoon, that's sort of
 a double ride, right? Because if you're in the water, you can surf the waves and then if you're
 sitting on the pontoon, you see soaring up and down that pontoon. That's great. They don't do
 that enough for rides where you're sort of half on the ride before you get onto the actual ride
 itself. That feels like a missed trick. You've invented that there now. I like it. I think it's
 a bit like when you're queuing for a ride and they have stuff to keep the queue occupied,
 don't they? Yeah, but they usually send like a drunken, dressed-up person who just harasses you
 and makes you do stuff you don't want to do in my experience. What theme parks have you been
 to? I was at the Sydney Museum when I was a kid and this drunken Cleopatra came up and she started
 harassing me, yeah. It feels like we stumbled more into a kind of therapy thing now than a,
 that's not a, you know, that's your least relatable bit of stand-up I've ever heard of.
 You know when you go through the museum and Cleopatra's drunk and she's harassing you?
 Did she show you her asp?
 Just on the waves that Ludwig made, I did read that they were mostly ripples.
 So there's a lot of claims but I'm not sure you could surf them. I think you made a good body
 board as a small toddler on his ripples if you really tried. But he was into lots of stuff if
 not surfing, wasn't he? And actually, I think the Speaking of Rides, the castle at Disneyland
 is based on Neuschwanstein Castle, which is one of his, isn't it? Yes. I think.
 Yeah, yeah, you're right. It's amazingly similar to Disney. Well, really, you realise how much
 Disney just nicks from Prince Ludwig. It's so unfair. And that was the same one that's
 used in Shitty Chitty Bang Bang in Bulgaria, the Neuschwanstein. Yeah, they filmed there, yeah.
 Someone said that it's quite tacky if close up. It's best from a distance.
 I've been there, I must say. Have you? Yeah, I think probably from the car park,
 which is the other side of the valley. It's an amazing photograph, definitely. That's my tip.
 If you're ever in Neuschwanstein, just go to the car park and take your photos from there and
 then go to a nice cafe over the road. So James, did you get to see, there's a few things in there
 that I found fascinating and he built them in a couple of these places. But one of the things was
 he didn't want to see his servants when he was eating. And so there's this table that he built
 where the table, when it was going to be laid, would be lowered through the ground to where
 the servants were and where the kitchens were and everything would be put on and then it would come
 back up. So if he sort of like, I guess, needed salt, he would send the table back down and then
 it would come back however many minutes later. But he didn't want to see anyone. Did you see that?
 I actually got that. Oh, that's Linda Hoff. That was Linda Hoff.
 I heard it was in both, actually. I heard that he built one there as well. But maybe I'm
 misreading that. The guy was wealthy. He could commission a table. But so there was definitely
 that at Linda Hoff. And that Linda Hoff was also where he had the peacock throne,
 which was a massive peacock. Also, there was a massive peacock statue,
 which he had placed on the lawn to clarify that he was in. So please don't bother him.
 That was his way of announcing that he didn't want any attention was a big statue of a peacock.
 I don't know. Maybe it would take people's attention away from him.
 That's a very good point. You can only look at one at a time.
 He was very anti-social. Kind of a weird loner with a peacock obsession, I think,
 because he also had a giant peacock made of emeralds hanging from one of his ceilings.
 But his castle, I think this was Linda Hoff castle, is big and had one bedroom.
 Wow, really? You are not having guests.
 When you're browsing property websites and you see a lovely looking house,
 and then you see one bed, you think. Yeah, but imagine if you went on to,
 I don't know what they call, right move or something, and you put your filters in,
 and you're just like, I just want a one bedroom house.
 And then you start by price, and then you get this thing, which is worth about 10 billion pounds.
 But you've got to uncheck wave pools.
 He had a favourite column at Linda Hoff.
 Don't we all?
 Yeah, it was just his personal favourite column. So every time he passed it,
 he couldn't help but stop to kiss it. He just loved it.
 And he also had a bust of Marie Antoinette, and every time he walked past it,
 he would stroke her cheek and bow to her.
 So he did have a few people in the house, they just weren't real.
 Well, he also would sometimes kind of sit around talking to Louis the 16th,
 who died quite a long time before.
 Because like you say, I mean, it's quite a sad existence in a way, isn't it?
 Because he was painfully shy and possibly some mental problems there as well.
 It was really, it's kind of a sad story, but with lots of beautiful things to see about it.
 With all these amazing things that he built.
 James, it's kind of like your car park thing.
 If you look at it from the right distance, it's incredibly magical and beautiful.
 And up close, actually, the reality is a little bit stranger and sadder.
 He was, I think it was Louis the 14th, he was obsessed with, but he was really into it.
 He definitely was seen talking to Louis the 16th for sure.
 Oh, maybe it's all the movies.
 Was that just in the air, James? Like if he was at his empty dinner table?
 Yeah, he would be sat at his dinner table, having a conversation with dead kings, basically.
 But I can't say it wasn't Louis the 14th, it could have been as well for sure.
 Only because he was, so he used to make his whole retinue dress up as Louis the 14th,
 sort of servants.
 He would imitate Louis the 14th in absolutely everything.
 He'd always dress up as him.
 He basically wanted, I think he was in love.
 This is my theory.
 He was very passionate in love with Louis the 14th and Wagner.
 These were his two idols.
 I think it's fairly certain he was gay.
 And so he imitated Louis and with Wagner, which this grotto was based on Wagner's Tannhäuser opera,
 which is like all about the Leuvenus' Grotto and how sexy it was.
 He used to write these letters to Wagner, which are the Rondche stuff.
 And put Wagner in quite a weird position, I think.
 The story of Wagner and Ludwig is extraordinary.
 Ludwig was basically obsessed with Wagner.
 And as soon as he became king, almost within weeks, he sent out his people to find him.
 And they had to hunt really far and wide for Wagner, because at that point,
 he was hiding from debt creditors.
 So he was in hiding and they managed to out him and go,
 "The king wants you."
 And he thought, "Oh my God, I'm in trouble."
 And they said, "No, he basically wants to pay off your debts
 and he wants you to live in this castle with him and he wants you to be his best friend."
 And Wagner was like, "Thank God, yes. Great."
 Yeah, Wagner would play his pieces in front of Ludwig, just him, right?
 He would be these massive, kind of amazing Wagnerian,
 obviously Wagnerian, because it was Wagner who wrote them.
 Are these amazing operas?
 And but only literally just Ludwig sat on the front row.
 A bit like your Edinburgh show's dad, I reckon, probably.
 There was a bigger audience at the start, but when Dan got onto his,
 you know, when you get on a theme park, material.
 The ghost of all the King Louis loved that shit.
 Oh dear.
 And so Ludwig was engaged to a woman for a small amount of time.
 This was his cousin Sophie Charlotte.
 And but basically what happened was they got engaged
 and Ludwig just kept cancelling the wedding,
 kept cancelling it, kept cancelling it and eventually I got pulled.
 But Sophie Charlotte's really interesting.
 This is a sad story, but kind of interesting.
 So she died in 1897 in a fire.
 She was at a charity event.
 There was a big fire, but she insisted that all of the visitors
 and all of the girls who were performing at this thing
 and all of the nuns, they were all taken out first.
 And she refused to leave until everyone else was safe.
 And she ended up dying in the fire.
 But actually the interesting part about it is she was,
 her body was found because she had gold fillings
 and she's possibly the first person
 who was ever identified by dental remains.
 History, yeah.
 What a claim to fame.
 Yeah, a sad one.
 But yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I was reading about the way he broke off the engagement
 and he wrote to her and he said in his letter, breaking it off,
 the main substance of our relationship has always been
 Richard Wagner's remarkable and deep new destiny.
 What do you think?
 Yeah, maybe not.
 He's just not that into you.
 He was deposed as from being king, right?
 Because they thought he was mad without any assessment.
 Well, there was an assessment by a few psychiatrists,
 but because he was living in a big castle,
 they couldn't really get anyone near him.
 So they kind of assessed him from the car park,
 if you could think of it that way.
 Were they just waiting for the peacock to go?
 Every day peacock's still there, nothing we can do.
 But then they sent a delegation from Munich
 to Neuschweinstein where he was living to declare him insane.
 But Ludwig got the local fire department
 to kind of form a little army in his outside his castle
 to stop them from coming in.
 And sure enough, the fire brigade did the job
 and they had to go all the way back to Munich
 and it was a bit later that they came with a few more heavies
 and they managed to take him
 and they took him to this lake, didn't they?
 Lake Stanberg, where he was kept.
 He was kept and then he was found floating dead
 in Lake Stanberg in 1886.
 And I read one account which said
 his doctor also was found dead floating in the lake.
 And that to me is sus.
 Because water was shallow, he was a pretty decent swimmer.
 He was a surfer, we know that much.
 Yeah, and there is a secret society to this day
 which once they're called the Google Manor
 and they're quite mysterious.
 They wear hoods and black robes
 and they keep petitioning the Prime Minister of Bavaria
 to have a big bust of him carved into a mountainside.
 Really? But the doctor who was found dead alongside him
 apparently had been assaulted.
 So there is a suggestion
 and I don't want to get into any more
 scurrilous suggestions like you, Andy,
 but I'm just going to put this out there.
 There's some people think that Ludwig killed himself
 and that he killed the doctor as well.
 Okay.
 There's a suggestion of that, I don't know.
 Or the doctor, the doctor ran after him
 was trying to save him.
 I thought maybe they fought in the water
 and sort of accidental drowning.
 But there is this quite weird twist
 which I will agree supports Andy's theory
 which is that a portrait of Ludwig
 has just been quite recently uncovered, discovered.
 And it was the portrait that was done
 a few hours after his death
 is that weird thing that they used to do.
 What? Yeah.
 And there's blood coming from his mouth
 and the argument is that if you just drowned
 then you wouldn't have blood falling through your mouth.
 I've got one more theory to chuck in about his death.
 Oh yeah, great.
 I think it's something that Andy hid on
 which no one else probably has touched on
 that's busted this case wide open.
 So the story I read is that he asked the doctor
 to go for a walk
 and then they were later found dead by this lake.
 Now could it be that Ludwig
 had noticed something extraordinary at this lake?
 Because only just a few...
 This is such a true crime podcast.
 Well, you've gone into.
 I swear the listeners are.
 We've got to follow it.
 Just a few short years later
 what billion-dollar industry erupts
 on the very shores of that lake?
 The wave machine industry.
 Yes.
 I think billion-dollar is a big claim.
 Ludwig said to the doctor,
 "Listen, mate, I found the spot where we can make
 the next stage of my prototype wave machine."
 There was a third person in the party
 who's not been recorded.
 It's too much of a coincidence.
 Oh, you mean Jonathan Wave Machine.
 Exactly.
 After whom the invention was named.
 It's something fishing in.
 Wow, that's a very entertaining and interesting theory.
 It's definitely worth saying, I think.
 Wow, our journey into true crime has been very smooth so far.
 Yeah, I don't think my favorite bird
 will shake themselves much.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that some dinner knives
 in the 16th century had sheet music etched onto the blade
 so that guests could sing a blessing together
 before and after the meal.
 So this is a fact that I spotted on Twitter.
 It's a guy called Filippo Lorenzin
 who tweeted about these knives,
 which I just found astonishing.
 They're so beautiful.
 Wow, that's really cool.
 How big were dinner knives?
 I'll tell you what.
 How long was this piece of music?
 These were very much crocodile dandy size knives.
 And there's a lot of confusion about it.
 Took them out and went, "Call that a knife!"
 So if we were doing what the knives had said just then,
 and we were following James,
 James would have had his little tune there.
 But on my knife, I would have had a separate set of notes
 that would harmonize with James,
 as would you, Andy, and as with you, Anna.
 Have a good look harmonizing with what I just did.
 And so it would be a song that came out
 where everyone had a different part.
 So you weren't all singing the same notes.
 And so, yeah, a beautiful chorus would come out.
 Beautiful chorus.
 These guys are probably pissed at this stage.
 No one's a professional singer.
 They probably can't even read the music.
 Yeah.
 And so what's interesting about these as well
 is there's only 16 of these that we have,
 that we know of that exist.
 And they're in different museums all over the world.
 The V&A has a really nice one.
 And a great video of showing how the song could sound
 because they actually have one of their curators,
 Flora Dennis.
 She goes to a studio and has it sung out by proper singers.
 So you can actually hear the song that's sung.
 And the knives were a bit different.
 On one of them, one side, it would have the blessing
 before you started your meal.
 On the other side, it would be a thank you
 for the meal that you just ate.
 But they don't know how they use these knives
 because were they used as functional knives?
 You didn't really cut your own meat back then.
 That was something that your servants would do.
 There were people who had specific jobs for that.
 And also, it's a very flat knife.
 You could cut meat in theory,
 but it looked more like it was a serving knife.
 They were made somewhere in France in the 1550s,
 but they were made for an Italian client.
 We don't really know who that Italian client was.
 So there's a lot of confusion and mystery around it.
 But I'm sure true crime fish will get to the bottom of it
 before this fact is over.
 There is one theory.
 This was according to art historian Mimi Hellman.
 She thought that it was a way of checking whether your guests
 were kind of off with musical notation.
 And so if they didn't really understand the musical notation,
 then maybe they weren't good enough to be in your society.
 So it's a way of weeding out the nouveau riche.
 But they've already been invited to dinner at that stage.
 It's quite late to be weeding them out.
 Yeah, but you've got the Smiths have just moved in down the street
 and you're like, "Oh, let's have them over to dinner
 and let's see if they can hold a tune."
 Yeah, I like that.
 That's really, wow.
 We think it's a struggle remembering
 that you have to start from the outside and work your way in.
 But knowing musical notation,
 and then being able to strike the right pitch.
 And laying the table difficult,
 because if you miss one knife out, if you've lost a knife,
 or surely you need exactly the right number of guests,
 otherwise you're missing a crucial part of the melody.
 That's true.
 They used to be quite beautiful knives as well as musical.
 So your personal knives would have really nice
 ornate decorations if you had a bit of money.
 You'd have pictures of babies on them quite often, apparently.
 As in your own children or random babies?
 I think random babies may be cherubs,
 winged babies, flowers, peasants, feathers, darts.
 Oh, what a beautiful peasant.
 A bucolic rustic scene.
 You want to drop a peasant in there next to a haystack or something.
 Again, these must have been huge knives.
 This is according to B Wilson,
 obviously the sort of queen of crockery history.
 So good.
 And she said, "You would no more use someone else's knife
 than you'd use someone else's toothbrush."
 Oh, really?
 That's how I attach people work.
 Shall we quickly name check B Wilson's book,
 "Consider the Falk," which is one of the great
 non-fiction books over the last few years.
 And also features knives.
 Very misleading title.
 It's so good.
 It's such a good book.
 Hey, do you know in France, pointy knives were made illegal
 during the 1600s.
 Do you know by who?
 Oh, in what year?
 1669, I believe.
 In France.
 I say Louis the 14th.
 It's old mate, Louis the 14th.
 Yes, he's back.
 Back.
 Yeah, no, because there was this whole thing
 where there was a very influential cardinal
 who has a very impressive surname
 that I've tried pronouncing about 12 times before this started.
 You guys all know him.
 Richelor?
 Richelor.
 Richelor.
 Richelor.
 Cardinal Richelor.
 He was, you know what James was saying earlier
 about separating the nouveau riche from coming in
 if they were trying to pretend
 that they had singing or notation abilities.
 He had that with people bringing their own knives
 and they would come in and he noticed
 at one of the dinner tables that there was a guy
 who was sort of being really uncouth
 and picking his teeth with a knife
 and he was like, you're not a rich guy.
 You're just faking being a rich guy.
 I can tell by your manners.
 And so he banned all of the pointy knives
 coming to the dinner table
 and that's sort of where we started
 getting the much more rounded knife at the dinner table.
 Butter knife.
 Yeah, the butter knife.
 Dan, did he call this guy nouveau Richelor?
 If not, why not?
 Well, because I can't pronounce A the name.
 I almost just got away with nouveau Riche.
 I didn't quite pronounce that properly.
 It's the idea of even sandwiching those two together.
 He's a, I've lost sleep over.
 Wow, that's interesting
 because you would have assumed
 it was to stop the stabby, stabby dinner party thing, wouldn't you?
 Yeah.
 But it's just bad manners.
 I think it was a, it was a politician, wasn't it?
 It was Chancellor Seguier, apparently, who came round.
 Dad, why did you not tell us it was him?
 There's no one I can name in this entire anecdote.
 Annoyingly, except for Louie.
 Yeah, but it wasn't, it was an interesting Seguier
 from the previous Louie the 14.
 Oh, Jesus.
 So that would be so great if that was where he got his name.
 He just always facilitated the change in conversation.
 He always used to come to dinner parties
 on one of those scooters, which you can't fall off.
 They were horse drawn back then, of course.
 Horse drawn Seguier, that would be amazing.
 Are you familiar with the stupenda splendiferous butter upknife?
 Yep.
 It sounds fictional.
 Yeah, it sounds like it was made by Roald Dahl, doesn't it?
 That's his long name.
 I think it goes by the shorthand, the butter upknife.
 I'm so excited about this knife.
 I'm actually going to order one.
 It's a knife that was invented by a Kickstarter in 2014.
 It raised 360,000 Australian dollars in Australia,
 15,200 backers, for obvious reasons.
 What it has is it has like tiny little cheese grater type holes
 on one side.
 So when you run it along the butter,
 it splits the butter into little ribbons
 and that means that if your butter's hard,
 it immediately softens it because of the surface area
 and then you can spread it nicely.
 Okay, right.
 So it ends your trauma with breaking your bread into pieces
 that you always have in winter when your butter's too solid to spread.
 I had a look into my favourite knife.
 I realised I knew nothing about it.
 And it's a knife that I grew up watching on TV.
 It's the Ginsu 2000, the classic Ginsu knife.
 You guys know Ginsu, right?
 I've never heard of that.
 Maybe it wasn't as big here.
 There were lots of infomercials.
 It's quite a famous knife in America.
 So I guess in Hong Kong, we just must have had it.
 It was one of those ones where in adverts,
 they would show it cutting through a shoe
 and they would show it cutting through anything.
 This is the ultimate knife.
 Throw away the rest of your line.
 This is all so random, Dan.
 Ginsu, no.
 When do you ever need to cut through a shoe?
 No one ever goes to a shoe shop and thinks,
 "Oh, this is a bit big. I'll cut the end of it."
 You need to throw away your shoes, James,
 but your kitchen bin is so tiny.
 You have to take it apart.
 So is it an amazing, like a Japanese state knife kind of thing?
 Well, so this is what I thought.
 I thought Japanese technology has sort of samurai elements
 to the advertising that they did.
 Turns out that it was made in Ohio
 and it was named by these copywriters called Barry Betcher
 and Ed Valenti and a guy called Arthur Schiff.
 And the idea was they were like,
 "No one's going to buy it under its current name,"
 which was Quick Cut.
 And they thought, "Okay, let's give it a Japanese name.
 Let's call it Ginsu."
 And they turned it into a massive product.
 Immediately in America, it sold millions and millions.
 And it was one of those infomercials that coined the phrases.
 So it's the originator of,
 "But wait, there's more," that phrase that we all know.
 Wow.
 Brian Butterfield uses it a lot.
 That is from that advert, as well as Cool Now.
 Operators are on standby.
 Those were two lines that originated in these adverts.
 So the Ginsu was massive, but it's not Japanese at all.
 And it's not even a Japanese word.
 When the guy was asked, "What does it mean?"
 he says, it roughly translates as,
 "I never have to work again," because it was so successful.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 To be honest, I think no one in the UK has heard of that.
 So just when you've done your...
 You know what it's like when you're attacked
 by a drunk Cleopatra.
 How have you not heard of Ginsu?
 Some of our listeners, I'm sure, Dan,
 you've just absolutely blown their minds.
 But no, I've never heard of the Ginsu.
 I was just trying to see if it was as popular as I said it was.
 But I found another interesting fact just to lob in.
 So I was saying it cuts through shoes.
 It also is useful for cutting off penises,
 because Lorena Bobbit used a Ginsu knife
 on John Wayne Bobbit's penis when she lobbed it off
 while he was sleeping in 1993.
 Did that feature in the adverts as well?
 I'm sure they tried to.
 But wait, there's more.
 You could cut penises with it.
 Dan, what a... Just nothing to just lob in there.
 A Ginsu.
 They're world famous.
 Like, I can't believe they're not famous here.
 I am actually shocked they're not famous here.
 I mean, it's possible that the three of us
 have just lived a sheltered life and never heard of a Ginsu.
 Yeah.
 One of the odds.
 I think this is a dead thing.
 It's not. Ginsu is massive.
 Just one more thing on someone who loves knives.
 A guy called John Cummings.
 And he features in the Journal of the Royal Society of Medicine.
 And he proved, if you need it proving,
 that you should not swallow knives.
 And he did this because he was a sailor,
 and it's like late 18th century.
 And he'd seen a mountabank do the fake knife swallowing trick.
 And he said to all his sailor mates,
 "Mate, I can do that for real."
 And so he did.
 So he swallowed on the first attempt.
 He swallowed 19 or 20 knives.
 And he did have excessive pain in his stomach and intestines.
 He got some medical help.
 He threw up a lot.
 He pooed out quite a few of them.
 Yep. Knives were coming up and going down all over the shop.
 So I guess I was so impressed with him then,
 that he tried it a few more times.
 And every time he got drunk, apparently, on board,
 he'd say, "There was this time I swallowed all these knives.
 If you don't believe me, I'll do it again."
 And I think he ate about 40 different knives.
 And one clasp knife case as well.
 And he found it very unpleasant.
 He was in a lot of pain.
 He, again, vomited and pooed quite a few of them,
 but not enough to save him.
 And he visited a London surgeon.
 So when he landed, sure, he was a London surgeon.
 And the surgeon just didn't believe him.
 He said, "Look, I think I've swallowed about three dozen knives.
 Can you perform surgery?"
 And they said, "Don't be stupid. No one would do that."
 And a case, he'd swallowed a clasp knife case as well.
 What is the point of swallowing a knife case
 once you've already swallowed three dozen knives?
 No one's going to be extra impressed by that bit.
 If he could somehow jiggle around his insides,
 he might be able to get the knives into the case.
 Yes, maybe that was part of the trick he hadn't honed yet.
 It was the spider he was swallowing to catch the fly
 of the 36 knives he'd already swallowed.
 Sadly, much like the old woman who swallowed the fly,
 he died, of course.
 And then they did open him up,
 and they did find that he had about 30 to 40 fragments
 of wood, metal, and horn inside him.
 So he was telling the truth.
 Wow.
 So don't swallow knives, kids.
 Just on party tricks with knives,
 I discovered that there's a knife-throwing hall of fame,
 and it's a sort of group in America that it's all the people
 that you see when they stand someone against a wooden door
 and just chuck the knives at them.
 It's for that.
 So the list of people who are on the sort of greatest
 current knife-throwers, there's a guy called Ted Eisenberg,
 who's ranked 18th in the world at the moment for knife-throwing.
 He also holds a Guinness World Record for the most
 breast augmentation surgeries ever to be performed by a male.
 He doesn't do it by throwing the knife at the patient.
 If he's not combined the two, then he's missed a trick.
 He definitely should do that.
 There's Lorraine and Bobbitt, who does penis reduction surgery.
 With a ginsu or whatever it was.
 Ginsu, yes.
 Yes, see, you do know it.
 There's the great throwdini.
 The world's fastest and most accurate knife-thrower, he calls himself.
 And then there's Jack Dagger, the king of fling.
 Jack Dagger supposedly has invented the first new knife-throwing stunt
 in almost a hundred years.
 How?
 And it's called the cucumber slice.
 So he gets his assistant to stand up against the door
 and she puts her arm up horizontal and rests on it a full cucumber.
 And he throws a couple of knives.
 And then in this video, the third knife, he throws it
 and he slices the cucumber in half that is resting on her arm.
 That's the trick.
 That's the first new innovation in lengthways horizontal.
 Yeah, that's incredible.
 Yeah.
 So Jack Dagger, king of fling has, yeah, the first in a hundred years.
 And of course, he keeps a jug of pimps just beneath that cucumber.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that almost all drug names in America have been approved
 by just two women in Chicago.
 Amazing.
 They're called Stephanie and Gail.
 And they are official.
 They do.
 They're Stephanie Schubert and Gail Carrot.
 But I just thought it sounded more mysterious
 if I just gave the first names.
 But they have their names.
 Schubert and Carrot were the sounded way more mysterious than Schubert and Carrot.
 Let's get some true crime going.
 One of them is a musician.
 One of them is a vegetable.
 Together they solve crimes.
 Schubert and Carrot.
 Incredibly unlikely friendship.
 So the reason that they have the responsibility
 for approving so many drug names
 is that they work for the United States adopted names program.
 So basically, there's a tiny bit of explaining to do here,
 which is that each drug made has three names.
 It's got the chemical name,
 which is unbelievably complicated and long.
 It's got the generic name, which is, you know...
 Like what scientists would call it or something.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 And then there's branded name,
 which is what the pharmaceutical company that makes it.
 You know, that's your anusol or whatever.
 That's a brand name.
 I believe it's pronounced anusol.
 Yeah, is it heck?
 It's so clearly anusol.
 The company says it's pronounced anusol.
 It's such bullshit.
 Does it actually?
 Yes, they do.
 They do adverts where it's anusol.
 And like, guys, lean in.
 Is this the work of Schubert and Carrot?
 I didn't mean to start talking about anusol this early.
 If anyone wants to know what anusol is,
 then it's worth looking into if you've just swallowed 35 knives.
 Oh, you're going to need the big tube, I think.
 Okay.
 So basically, sorry, it's completely distracted already.
 So drug makers, you know, they give the drug a chemical name,
 but you need a single generic name.
 And that then goes to the World Health Organization.
 So it has to be cleared,
 because the generic names are usually global these days.
 It has the same generic name throughout the world to avoid confusion.
 And when a drug firm has a new drug they want to give a generic name to,
 they write in to the USAN, which is pretty much just Stephanie and Gail.
 Sorry, Schubert and Carrot, please.
 Sorry, sorry, sorry.
 And they either approve the names if they're okay,
 but if it's too similar to an existing name,
 or it's inappropriate in some language maybe,
 or if it's linguistically unfair,
 they're the ones who come up with the new generic name
 and write back to the firm saying, hey.
 So they're like, sorry, we've got one of those.
 Have you thought of butthole soul?
 Yes.
 I think they wouldn't call it butthole soul,
 because that would be the brand name.
 It would be like, you know, butchersol.
 Well, so generic names are not allowed to refer to.
 They've got whole careers devoted to this.
 You can't on the spot, just to be honest, okay?
 These guys are experts.
 I've realised that now, you know.
 I think I was at a cocky attempt of you to make.
 It's classic, classic mansplaining, isn't it?
 Like, oh, I could do this job easily.
 And then as soon as I try, no way.
 It's very hard.
 Because, and just to say, neither anusol nor butthole soul,
 great name, would be accepted because the generic name can't refer to a body part.
 That's one of the guidelines that they say, because it's a generic thing.
 So, yeah, anyway.
 So yeah, and I actually wrote to Stephanie Schubat as part of this,
 just to check the process works and she wrote back saying, yes, that's the process.
 We didn't get the snappy ban to go, but that's because she's a professional.
 She's got a lot of drugs today.
 You're the next Michael Parkinson, Andy.
 I don't know how you get this stuff out of people.
 So, with the, say, like the current COVID vaccines, I guess that would be a process
 where they had to just fling it to the front and just go, we just need a name, right?
 We don't have time for all this stuff.
 Well, that's brand names, right?
 So generic names of drugs are the names that when a patient expires,
 then you just get the generic version, like ibuprofen or whatever.
 But at the moment, these are all, that's why they've all got lots of different names,
 these COVID vaccines.
 Well, some of them don't, though.
 That's the bizarre thing.
 The Pfizer jab, which gets referred to by literally 100% of people as the Pfizer jab,
 is technically called Corminati.
 Do you have to do it in a West Country accent?
 Corminati.
 It's a mix of community, immunity, mRNA and COVID.
 And it gets called Corminati.
 But the AstraZeneca one, it has a brand name in India, which is Covershield.
 And everywhere else in the world, it just gets called the AstraZeneca jab.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 The thing is that there are lots of different people who can name it.
 So there's the British approved names.
 So if there's any drug that's done in Britain, our version of Carrot and Shuba
 is the British approved names group.
 In France, they have the Domination Commune Française.
 In Japanese, they have Japanese adopted names.
 And all these people then feed it into the World Health Organization,
 who then make the final decisions.
 But in the '90s, there was a problem because loads of names were different
 all around the world before the WHO kind of got in on this.
 And there was a letter in the BMJ that gave 100 common drugs
 where the names was completely different in the UK than what it was in America.
 Just completely different.
 And if you look at some of the older things like Paracetamol,
 in English, it's Paracetamol.
 In French, it's Paracetamol.
 In Spanish, it's Paracetamol.
 In Russian, it's Paracetamol.
 And in the US, it's Acetaminophen.
 It's just completely different, isn't it?
 I mean, that's just a...
 I've always got to be different, haven't I?
 Yeah.
 See, that would be a name that Americans would be like,
 "Yeah, that's our name for it, right?"
 It's like ginsu.
 See, this is what I'm trying to say.
 You can have world-famous things that we're just oblivious to.
 And that's a good example.
 Half a second before he said it,
 I thought he's going to bring us back to the bloody knife.
 Interestingly, if you do get your penis chopped off,
 then Paracetamol is probably going to help a little bit.
 Again, do swallow Paracetamol.
 Don't swallow knives.
 Can't emphasize that enough.
 But this is why Shubert and Carrot are so crucial, I guess,
 is that America produces so many of the generic drugs
 that need to be spread around the world.
 And then it must be so difficult,
 because they have to make sure that they're not confusing
 in any language, right?
 So they can't have offensive names in any language.
 Although the only one that I could find,
 the only example they gave of one they rejected
 because it was rude, was a prefix to a drug name
 that was suggested as privy, P-R-I-V-I,
 which one of them said, "Sounds like an outhouse."
 Which I thought is quite a weird and prudish name to give for a toilet, but...
 Plastic Shubert, though, you know.
 She's prim.
 Carrot's the party girl, isn't she?
 And one problem with naming of medical stuff
 is that sometimes they have things that have funny names in medicine,
 so especially in genes.
 Have you guys ever looked at lists of gene names?
 They are amazing.
 This is where doctors really come into their own.
 So Tin Man, for instance, is one gene,
 and that's a gene that's required for proper development of the heart.
 The Spock, the Spock one gene.
 And if that is mutated, then...
 Is that your ears?
 Very good.
 Oh, give us some of those quizzes.
 Oh, yeah, okay, okay.
 Here we go.
 So in zebrafish, it gives them pointy ears.
 Cheap date, gene.
 Never orders a dessert.
 Makes you get drunk of one glass of alcohol.
 It metabolises it in a weird...
 Absolutely, bang on.
 Mutation spills susceptibility to alcohol.
 Okay, I will give you the Ken and Barbie genes.
 Two different genes.
 They remove the genitals.
 Very good.
 That should be the Lorena gene.
 Is that what it is?
 That's mutations on those genes mean that you lack external genitals.
 Again, it's mostly studied in zebrafish.
 Right.
 But then if you get ill, then it can be quite serious.
 And then you've got this quite funny name.
 So, for instance, I think there was a disease called catch-22.
 And it was a very clever acronym,
 which did the cardiac anomaly T-cell deficit,
 clefting and hypochalcemia for chromosome 22.
 Very good.
 It's something quite serious when you've got it.
 And the name catch-22 sounds like it's a no-win situation.
 That's one of those things where enough people are diagnosed.
 They said, "I don't really want a disease
 that's called the catch-22 disease."
 What? It's like, did you catch one disease?
 Catch one disease?
 I caught 22.
 You know, the same bloke invented heroin and aspirin
 within the same two weeks.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 You know Felix Hoffman working at Bayer?
 Oh, Hoffman.
 Are they related to each other?
 Like, is it almost like you just add salt to one?
 Or is it completely different medicines?
 He was adding, yeah, kind of.
 He was adding acetyl.
 He was acetylizing various different molecules.
 Now, both had kind of been created.
 Those chemicals have been created previously,
 but they hadn't been commercialized or made in a stable form.
 Was Hoffman the one who took loads of heroin and then cycled home?
 Or...
 I thought that was the LSD guy.
 Timothy Leary.
 Maybe it was.
 No, I think you're right.
 I think it's Hoffman.
 Yeah, I think it's Hoffman.
 I thought he'd take an LSD and cycled home.
 Maybe, I can't really remember.
 Yeah.
 But I mean, the thing is, we sort of think it's funny now
 that heroin was marketed as a cough medicine by Bayer.
 But actually tuberculosis and pneumonia
 were such massive causes of death
 that it was very useful to have a cough remedy.
 Like, it was a really desperate need.
 And within a year, you could get heroin pastels,
 which I didn't know.
 Would they flavor them?
 You know, it tastes nice if you had a raspberry flavor to it.
 I don't know.
 I don't know if they'll flavor them.
 That's a good way.
 You could play Russian roulette with fruit pastels, couldn't you?
 Well, one of them has got heroin.
 Yes.
 Wow, that is the progression of the game Gin or Water,
 which is one of my favorite games.
 I think heroin with pastels is the next stage.
 What's Gin or Water?
 Oh, come on, Andy.
 Come on.
 Come on, mate.
 Did you never go to the first gin?
 No, I don't know it.
 I've never played it.
 But it's pretty obvious what it is.
 Have you ever played Gin or Water soup?
 What one glass is full of knives?
 You have to guess which one you swallowed.
 You have to remain straight-faced,
 regardless of whether you swallowed gin, water, or a dagger.
 Oh, so they look identical and you drink a glass.
 And then you have to, other people have to guess which one you've downed.
 Other people have to guess.
 Right, keep a straight face if you've just had the water.
 Sorry, I was thinking that you have to drink it
 and you have to guess which one you've had.
 Andy, absolutely.
 I'm going, oh, I'm fantastic at this game.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that Israel manually removed all color
 from foreign TV broadcasts until 1981,
 as they were worried that if they broadcast color TV,
 everyone would rush out and buy new sets,
 which would crash the economy.
 Amazing.
 Isn't it?
 What incredible.
 I mean, so many, so many questions.
 So I can't understand how everyone buying a new TV set
 would crash the economy.
 OK, so the idea was that the color TVs would have been made outside of Israel.
 And so it would kind of change the balance of their balance sheet,
 basically, meaning that more people were buying things from abroad
 rather than buying things from at home.
 There was a few other reasons that they didn't have color TV
 for quite a long time.
 Some people argued that it would cause social polarization
 because some people would be able to afford color TVs
 and some people wouldn't and they didn't want to do that.
 Some people just thought it was quite unseemly
 to have lots of television in the home.
 But basically, they came up with this eraser device
 that whenever they got a movie in from a different country,
 it would just suck all the color out of it
 and it would put it out as a black and white image.
 But people could buy an anti-eraser device,
 which meant that you could put all the color back in
 and loads of people started buying these
 and then they'd be able to get the foreign color pictures.
 And eventually, I think possibly because there was an election coming,
 the Israeli government said, "Hey, we're going to do color TV,
 we're the last people in the world, pretty much,
 but we're going to do it."
 And then in '81, they did.
 That reminds me a little bit that sort of the rubbing out
 and rubbing back in technology of something I read,
 which was a cheap alternative to color TV in the '60s.
 So have you guys heard of this?
 In America in the 1960s, you could get color televisions,
 but if you couldn't afford them, as many people couldn't,
 you could for $1 buy a colored transparent plastic screen
 that you stock on top of your TV.
 What? Where is it?
 I mean, obviously, it wouldn't work, right?
 Because the grass would be orange, the sky would be green.
 James, they're not stupid, all right?
 So what they did is they had three colors on it.
 The top third was blue, the bottom third was green,
 and the middle third had a sort of reddish tint.
 That works if all your TV shows are based on a beach.
 If you're watching Baywatch, absolutely smashing it.
 That's why it did so well.
 The bottom is green for grass.
 It was green.
 So if you're watching footage only of a wholesale tomato market,
 actually, it's unbelievably effective.
 Absolutely.
 And that happened to be the only program that was on throughout the 1960s.
 So it's fine.
 But people did say it did, and I saw some pictures,
 and it does sort of make it a bit more exciting.
 Obviously, it didn't exactly match with the colors
 that it was supposed to,
 but at least it made your television a bit more colorful to look at.
 No, it's right.
 Isn't that great?
 I can't believe that color TV was invented so early.
 So John Logan Baird, who was the great pioneer of TV,
 he demonstrated it in 1928 at his lab in London.
 He filmed a basket of strawberries,
 and he invented more ways of doing it in the '30s,
 and it just didn't get picked up on for ages.
 Yeah, I guess it was just too expensive.
 I think it was also a slightly different technology
 that they used with Baird than they came up with eventually using.
 But one of the things that Baird did was he had a demonstration
 with a young girl who would put different colored hats on,
 and this would show all the different colors.
 And this girl was called Noelle Gordon,
 and she later became the first woman to interview a British Prime Minister,
 and she was an actor on Crossroads
 who won the TV Times Award for Most Popular Actress on eight occasions.
 But she began her career just changing hats in front of John Logan Baird.
 What? I mean, a colorful career.
 Exactly, yeah.
 Well, she wore a lot of different hats over the course of her career.
 Very good.
 All these great points.
 Can you say who the Prime Minister was, who she interviewed?
 Millen.
 Can you say...
 I like the fact that maybe it was...
 Sorry, that's secret.
 No, she was the first to interview a British Prime Minister.
 Sorry, it's one of the Prime Ministers I can't pronounce.
 Sorry.
 Don't you think it's so fitting that John Logan Baird
 made the first demonstration of Color TV using strawberries?
 And we've mentioned before that before he went into inventing television,
 he started a jam factory.
 Did he?
 Yeah, and maybe he had left...
 He was in Trinidad and he set up a jam factory.
 And I think it didn't work out because insects kept infesting the jam.
 And the reason he'd went anyway was to stop himself being such a sickly child
 so he could get off with the girl that he loved.
 But when he came back, she was married anyway.
 So the whole trip was a disaster.
 But I reckon he must have come back with loads of surplus strawberries.
 Do you think he maybe had some like ones which weren't ripe yet
 and he kept them at the bottom of the screen
 and then some ripe ones in the middle
 and then some blueberries above them?
 Yeah.
 Wait, this is like insider trading then,
 which you're not really allowed to do on some British TV.
 Well, you know, if there he is going,
 "Look, Color TV, what he's really pushing is his strawberry business."
 Yeah, that's true.
 Hang on, I have another link.
 I have another link here and we're about to blow this thing wide open.
 The True Fish Crime Podcast is back on the rails.
 Let's do it.
 The first Color TV broadcast in the UK was in 1967.
 What was it?
 It was the Wimbledon Tennis Tournament.
 What do people eat?
 Strawberries and cream.
 John Logie, you naughty, naughty boy.
 John Logie bastard.
 We have crumbled the very foundations.
 Do you know what was the first advert in Color on ITV?
 No.
 Was it for a wave pool?
 No, it was for peas.
 But they're a type of food.
 Bird's eye peas, yeah.
 You're sort of like the crap detective who's the big part in one episode.
 I think, James, I'm sorry.
 This is why Schubert, Carrot and the Harkin.
 That's what we used to be called.
 I realized, so Wimbledon was the first that was shown on,
 I'm guessing that must have been BBC Two, right?
 Because that was after Emperor Involved.
 So that was the first in BBC Two and that was in '67.
 In '69, BBC One officially went color with a lot of experiments.
 And the first full color program that they ever showed was Petula Clark,
 who sang "Downtown".
 If you don't know her, you might know that song.
 ♪ Down, down, everything, duh, duh, duh. ♪
 It's a big song.
 Sorry, I didn't bring my knife to this recording.
 I love those songs where you only know one lyric and it's the name of the song.
 But they broadcast it for their first day of color at 12 AM on the 15th of November,
 because that's when the license kicked in.
 And then they shut off the channel till 10 AM, because there was no TV to be had.
 Yeah, so you got sort of like, you had to stay up, watch the one thing,
 and then, okay, going forward, we're now playing not completely color, but more and more.
 Do you know how Australia went color?
 Dan, you might know this already, actually.
 Well, I only know it through researching it, because I was curious about that.
 Mad. It was halfway through an episode of a sketch show.
 They introduced color to the screen.
 Yeah, it was called the Auntie Jack show, and it was completely like,
 really sort of wild, crazy, Python-esque stuff.
 It was in 1975.
 They said the color monster is going to take over the TV,
 and a corner of the screen starts turning to color,
 and they're freaking out on the rest of the screen.
 And one of them says, "Oh, no, it's got me. I'm completely in color now."
 And yeah, it's slowly the whole screen.
 It's on YouTube, and it's barking mad, but it's very cool.
 It was a show that was really popular, but it had finished.
 So it was called the Auntie Jack program,
 and they brought Auntie Jack back who had been killed off
 in the final episode of the previous series.
 So they sort of like, they brought her back to life.
 And it is like that Wizard of Oz moment,
 where it goes from black and white to color.
 And one of the actors is a guy called Gary McDonald,
 who became Norman Gunston, one of the biggest satirists in Australia.
 He invented the sort of Ali G mode of interviewing.
 He would go to real life events as a character, an interview.
 And he later appeared in Mulan Rouge in a scene doing Absinthe,
 where Kylie Minogue comes.
 And I just wanted to add that to show you I Can Learn from this podcast,
 and I now have to pronounce her name.
 I'm now trying to trace back from Kylie Minogue
 to the original fact.
 There were so many different lily pads
 that you let run to the other.
 Why don't you just say, you know who's sometimes on TV, Kylie Minogue?
 Oh, that would have been better. Yeah, that's true.
 Well, Mulan Rouge, of course, is that's red.
 And in that, there's the green Absinthe fairy.
 So it makes sense that a guy who was interested in color TV
 would have been up for a role in the film.
 Guys, we've got to stop trying to blow shit wide open.
 OK, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy, @AndrewHunterM, James,
 @ShoobatKarrot and Harkin, @JamesHarkin, and Anna.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing,
 or you can go to our website, NoSuchThing, as a fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 We'll be publishing Andy's Correspondence with @Shoobat.
 Very exciting emails.
 We're also dribbling very slowly, all of the 20 hours.
 Speak for yourself.
 We're slowly dribbling all of the clips up
 from our 20-hour-long marathon that we did for Comic Relief,
 featuring 35 different guests.
 If you've not seen them yet,
 head to the quite interesting channel on YouTube
 and check them out.
 They're really, really fun.
 And if you can still help with any kind of donation
 towards our cause, comicrelief.com/fish, please do.
 I say it's our cause, it's Richard Curtis's.
 But yes, we will be back again next week,
 and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 James, when you and @ShoobatKarrot solved a case,
 did one of you say, "Looks like we solved it,"
 and then someone else would say,
 "I think you mean we Anna solved it?"
 (laughing)
 I solved it, and you solved it.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
