 [music]
 Hi!
 No, it wasn't a good hi. I'm going to do it again.
 Mm-hmm.
 Hi, friends.
 Hi!
 Hi, everybody.
 Welcome back to Drop As A Line.
 Six out of ten.
 [laughter]
 Creepy laughter.
 That's two out of ten.
 Yeah, yeah, you've knocked off a few points there.
 Hi, everybody. Welcome back to Drop As A Line.
 The audience feedback, um, segment of...
 It's been a while.
 It's been ages.
 Yeah.
 Two months.
 How's it?
 Yonks.
 Ah, we must have loads of feedback.
 Lots, actually.
 It's some positive.
 Well, let's stick with those.
 [laughter]
 Okay, well, it's going to be a short show today.
 [laughter]
 No, there's been some positive stuff.
 Some vulgar abuse, I'd say.
 Okay.
 A lot of stuff in the middle.
 Some great bonus info.
 But we might do an audience fact special again soon.
 Oh, yes.
 On main feed.
 For the, um, what are we calling the main listeners?
 Not you lovely club fish listeners.
 The plebs.
 The boy ploy.
 The paupers.
 Okay.
 The lovely, lovely people.
 Yeah.
 The cheapskates.
 The freeloaders.
 There we go.
 There we go.
 So, but there are some great stuff for you.
 Our premium gold club members.
 So, um...
 The dupes.
 The dupes.
 [laughter]
 Cheapskates on the dupes.
 Right.
 [laughter]
 Ah.
 Well, let's make that three pounds a month work for you right now as we read out our first
 email from Chuck Blower.
 [laughter]
 Thank you, Chuck.
 It's good to be back.
 It's great.
 I'm serious.
 I'm serious.
 Um, so he's, uh, he says some nice words and then he says, "I'm just finishing your last
 podcast that talks about wasabi and horseradish.
 Not quite sure about this fact because I haven't actually had horseradish roots stuck up my
 tongue.
 But to my knowledge, and I have made horseradish sauce from scratch, you don't get the hot
 effect of the root till it's grated, the finer the grated, the more the heat."
 Um, so with all that said, I do not believe the root up of the wazoo would be as torturous
 as you might think.
 I don't remember what this fact is.
 Well, I do, yeah.
 We said that, and we also said it wouldn't hurt the wazoo because it's grated.
 Well, possibly, yeah, I think I suggested that it might, um, because it's used to relieve
 constipation in horses, possibly a horseradish up the bum could, could give you some of the
 spiciness.
 But honestly, I think Chuck probably hasn't quite, you know, he's saying he thinks that.
 He gives a little bit of evidence, but it's circumstantial at best.
 We need more, we need more, Chuck.
 I'm sorry.
 That's not a scientist writing, is it?
 Did you only read the sign because of his name?
 No.
 Now let's go to Phil Slack.
 I imagine it could depend on how corrosive your anal passage was, couldn't it?
 Corrosive.
 Well, because it's...
 Corrosive.
 Yeah, so if you've got one that sort of does the grating as it goes up.
 Oh, so how rough it is.
 How rough it is, yeah.
 How rough it is, yeah.
 I see.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 Well, that's, um, wow.
 Horrible.
 Is that a medical thing?
 I'm just trying to justify James's point here.
 Great.
 Great point.
 Thank you.
 There we go.
 That's from Phil Slack and it's on the same subject about horse radish.
 Okay.
 So Phil writes...
 I seem to have opened up a bit of a gate here.
 Pandora's bum.
 On your latest podcast, you talked about the prefix horse, i.e. horse radish.
 If you look at the other examples of the prefix, it normally indicates that the object is both
 larger and or less edible than its better-known item, i.e. horse radish, horse chestnut, bigger
 and less edible, horse mackerel, which I'm not familiar with.
 No, but it's a bigger and less edible mackerel.
 That's me.
 So I was brought up just to read the horse of meaning big and nothing to do with horse.
 Yeah.
 It could be because a horse radish is about the same size as a moolly.
 I don't know if you know what a moolly is.
 A moolly?
 Oh my god.
 I thought you might have saved this, Andy.
 A moolly?
 Yeah, a moolly.
 We talked about this last time.
 Yeah, we did.
 And no one knew what a moolly was.
 I still don't.
 Isn't that interesting?
 My mind has just rejected that fact.
 I've taken so many facts.
 It's like a daikon.
 Oh, like a daikon?
 No, like a daikon, not like a gay aikon, like a daikon.
 What's that?
 It's like a moolly.
 Oh dear.
 How about a horse fly?
 What's that?
 Size-wise.
 Bigger?
 It's huge.
 Oh my god.
 Less edible than a normal fly.
 There we go.
 It works.
 Here's a message from Rachel Weas.
 Hi, Andy.
 It's not as far like Weasel without the L.
 All right.
 Is she any relation to Frederick Poo's, who invented the pooter?
 Yeah.
 What?
 Will that show have gone out by the time?
 I hope so.
 For Rachel's sake and ours.
 Thank you, Rachel, for your email.
 I'm listening to episode 54 where you're chatting about names of businesses.
 And Dan asked if authors would write under a pen name to get closer to popular authors.
 Yes.
 This isn't quite the same, but I worked on a YA novel that came out in 2011 about Lithuanian
 people being sent to Siberian work camps during the Second World War.
 It's a wonderful novel called Between Shades of Grey.
 Can you guess what it got mixed up for?
 The other 2011 book.
 That's amazing.
 Imagine getting that through the internet.
 And how much would you read until you realise you got the wrong one?
 Apparently, there wasn't uptick in sales when the movies came out.
 Wow.
 Yeah, that's great.
 I know.
 There we go.
 We've got a suggestion from Ivy Kula, who has a suggestion for Club Fish.
 Oh, cool.
 Great.
 Ivy says, "I have a suggestion for Club Fish.
 Meet the spouses."
 Okay.
 "I feel like we get little bits and pieces about your partners and I would love to hear
 what they think about fish and you lot.
 For example, how did Anna's husband feel when she sacrificed him to not make poisoning?
 What does James' wife think about his random holiday destinations?
 Is Dan's wife as into supernatural things as he is?
 Sorry, Andy.
 You're such a private guy.
 We have gleaned very little about you over the years.
 I have a vague--
 I was too, love.
 I have a vague memory about jokes being made about sandwiches being served at your wedding.
 Perhaps a rebuttal from your wife?
 But you know what?
 That's because you are a private person.
 That's a testament at how good, not only you are, but we are keeping your privacy.
 Keep my secrets.
 Andy's private life is so extreme and excessive and not a single piece is appropriate for
 public consumption.
 You wouldn't think it.
 Yeah.
 I mean, it's corrosive anus.
 Obviously, this is an incredibly personal suggestion, so I fully understand if you
 don't do it or if your partners are not okay with it.
 I read.
 Thanks for understanding.
 I have written back and said, "I think it's unlikely that our spouses would--"
 Yeah.
 I don't think that.
 They really hate each other, don't they?
 Yeah.
 That's why.
 We can never do events together because the fur just flies.
 It's awful.
 I think one problem is, obviously, Polina, Bean, Finella, obviously, they're going to
 be in it.
 But which of Andy's spouses would be in this show?
 Mormon Murray, yeah, which my few bring in.
 Just the thing about sandwiches being served at my wedding, that's not what it was.
 It's that supposedly I got married in the room where the sandwich was invented.
 Yes, that's right.
 Oh, yeah, that's true.
 Which you were all there for?
 We were.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's lovely.
 Disappointing spread.
 That's weirdly, that's just what my wife said.
 That's her nickname for you, isn't it?
 Oh, so thank you.
 That's something we won't be doing.
 This is just a great fact, sent in from P.T.
 Yonker.
 I hope I'm saying that right.
 According to the Guinness Book of World Records, "The man with the world's longest
 tongue has a tongue that is longer than the world's shortest dog is tall."
 How interesting.
 So, the tongue is 3.97 inches, again, that must be outside the mouth.
 Yeah, because that's not that impressive, is it?
 It's not that.
 It's about 12 centimetres, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 How interesting, because you guys haven't read my suggestions of next week's facts yet.
 Oh.
 But one of the ones that I was going to suggest, but I might now delete, is that the longest
 tongue on a woman is the same length as the world's longest cockroach.
 Did you find that out while we're searching moth-diving for this week's podcast?
 And it weighs as much as a quarter pound of burger.
 The cockroach?
 No, the tongue.
 The tongue.
 Wow.
 Actually, same volume as opposed to weighing.
 People used to eat tongue, didn't they?
 What do they still do?
 What do they still do?
 Do people still do?
 You two with your jars of tongue in the pantry.
 Ridiculous.
 James's wedding spread was pretty curious.
 I reckon I have eaten tongue in the last five years.
 OK.
 Because you are vegetarian.
 I am now, but I wasn't before Covid.
 Yeah.
 Tongues are sort of a thing where if you said that in front of my mother, she's the kind
 of person who says, "Oh, for God's sake, people eat tongue all the time.
 Every most days I eat tongue when you talk to them."
 But yeah, you would get it.
 I've seen it.
 Yeah, fair enough.
 Yeah.
 Not human.
 Not human.
 No.
 Not human.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Big bovine tongue.
 Oh, yes.
 Lovely.
 If you froze it, it could be like a reverse ice cream where it licks you.
 You still get the taste.
 So, yeah, I see.
 Well, I think that's the point about this guy with the dog, is that the guy could lick.
 He could lick the dog up and down without moving his tongue at all.
 What a useful skill.
 I don't think that doesn't count as licking, if you just press your tongue against something.
 You haven't licked it.
 Does that not count as licking?
 She don't think so.
 I am very interested.
 I have an expert to bring in.
 I did not lick that person.
 I just pressed my tongue against them.
 I'll support Andy to the hilt here.
 A tongue press is completely different.
 It's very different.
 Great.
 Oh.
 Yeah, because in that case, the dog is doing almost like a catch having a scratching pole.
 The tongue is erect up and it would be the dog doing.
 That's right.
 The scratching.
 Yeah.
 I think it actually would count as a lick if the dog started moving up and down, grinding
 against the tongue.
 You're still not moving your tongue.
 Yeah, but, again, in court, you can't blame the dog.
 You can't say, "Oh, no, the dog was rubbing against my tongue."
 It's absolutely fine.
 I left my tongue there.
 Yeah.
 There's a complicated case, I think.
 It's very nuanced.
 We'll keep you posted.
 Christian Dainton writes, "You mentioned in the latest podcast that 1984 is an easy book
 to lie about having read, as most people know the important points.
 In my English GCSE, we studied the old man in the sea, which people wrongly call a masterpiece.
 The other class were reading 1984, and during the mock exam, I answered the questions on
 1984, as I thought I had better answers for it, despite not having read it at all."
 That's brilliant.
 Brilliant.
 How did they do?
 Please say they've attached the grade they got, because it's quite important.
 Unfortunately, I failed that exam, and my life has really gone to shit ever since.
 That's so funny.
 I wrote back and asked Christian, "Did you pass?"
 And Christian wrote back and said, "I think so."
 Oh, yeah.
 So, maybe.
 There's only a mock.
 Yeah, that's all the mock.
 The mock doesn't matter.
 What's a mock?
 Like, fake test?
 It's a practice.
 Get you ready.
 Here's another suggestion, actually.
 We're going to need to come up with a section name for suggestions of format tweaks or new
 formats.
 For this show.
 Yeah, yeah, for bonus content.
 Yeah.
 Thanks, but no thanks.
 Okay.
 I think that'll save the reply to everything.
 Weirdly, Andy's wife's response when she was asked, "Do you take this man?"
 Tunk.
 Go on.
 What's the idea?
 Martin Hill writes, "It would be really amazing if you guys did a club fish book club."
 I'm sure there will be a funny name or pun to be made there.
 "It will be really good to have a book set by yourselves alongside suggestions from club
 fish members, guests, and other elves.
 And it would be good for those of us that enjoy reading but don't find as much time
 as we would like."
 It's a nice idea.
 Mmm.
 It's a nice idea.
 I'm part of so many book clubs now that I end up, I've got book fatigue.
 Which club clubs would you recommend?
 Oh, as in, though, like, personal book clubs.
 Oh.
 It's just with me.
 Well, you and I used to be in the same book club.
 Yeah, that's right.
 Yeah, you've taken it over, and it didn't invite us back in.
 Oh, you're still in that one, Andy, that you told me about and how some people were dragging
 down the general standard.
 I just think some books that are suggested are not suitable, not everyone wants to read
 about Bigfoot every month.
 Maybe they need to open up their mind a bit.
 Recommend Richard Herring's book club.
 Oh, yeah, that's a great one.
 That's a great personality.
 Shall we do a book club where we owe a book club club?
 That's quite good, actually, yes.
 Well, you can only recommend a book club, because you can only be in a book club if
 you're invited to be in a book club, right?
 Yes, but the four of us could talk about The Old Man and the Sea, which we probably shouldn't
 on the first round of it, and then, you know, listeners could read along and then see what
 we thought, you know.
 Yeah, so we would announce here, in two months' time, we're going to be talking about this
 book on here.
 Yeah.
 I think that's a whole new show.
 Yeah.
 I think that's a whole extra podcast, which would be a great one to do, but I think we've
 got quite different tastes as well.
 Do we all have to read the book?
 That's the thing.
 Yeah.
 We might all, we could all read separate books and then talk across purposes.
 I would like that.
 Yeah.
 That is a fun idea.
 Yeah.
 Thanks, but no thanks.
 If you have any other ideas, do send them in.
 Yeah.
 Please.
 And we will reject them.
 But imagine if one makes it through, you know we're going to reject it.
 Imagine, you know, it's going to be so good.
 Yeah, that's true.
 That's a really good point.
 Here's one from Philip White.
 I like this one.
 So, in episode 508, you mentioned wire manufacturers, realizing they could use water instead of
 urine and it will work just as well.
 They use urine for ages and ages, and then someone asked if this was a recent discovery,
 because obviously it would only be the pre-enlightenment rubes who would use some esoteric beer/piss concoction
 in an industrial process before trying water.
 Well, let me introduce you to hydraulic fracking.
 Okay.
 Please do.
 Gosh.
 So fracking is where you're trying to get natural gas out of the ground, deep below layers of
 rock, and you pump in water, right?
 So in trying to...
 It's the communities where they probably don't want you to do it.
 Yeah, they're earthquakes and it all...
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's great.
 We don't need to take a position!
 No, no, no.
 You're right.
 We're neutral on fracking.
 Yeah, sure.
 If you want to sponsor us, fracking US.
 Drillbabydrill@fish.com.
 Yeah.
 In trying to extract natural gas from wells, oil companies used especially formulated gel
 to essentially flush the gas out of cracked rock well into the 1990s.
 It wasn't until cost-cutting measures tried diluting that expensive gel with water, then
 with even more water and less gel, and getting not only similar results but better output
 did they realise they could just use water.
 No!
 It revolutionised the natural gas industry overnight, cutting the cost per well by nearly
 half.
 Wow.
 That's an amazing fact.
 It's a great fact.
 Wow.
 But it's pumping all that gel underground.
 That's crazy.
 Oh my God.
 Sort of a jelly layer.
 Yes.
 So now a jelly layer then, under the Earth's crust, left over.
 That's so funny.
 All the north of England.
 Mmmm.
 Your neck of the woods, wasn't it?
 Got fracked.
 Some areas close to where I used to live, yeah.
 But it's all fine, isn't it?
 Sander Lutus writes.
 The ancient Roman orator.
 That's right.
 You were talking about whether the police ever used bum prints.
 They do.
 Oh.
 I was burgled back in 2017, and as the burglar kicked in one of the locked doors, they fell
 backwards into the wall directly behind them and caved in the plaster, leaving a big bum
 print.
 Amazing.
 And had no trousers on.
 When CSI came round, they took a print of the dirty shoe pattern on the door, and they
 also measured the bum hole left in the wall.
 The bum hole.
 Yep.
 They never found any suspects to measure bums against, but the police did collect the bum
 print for that eventuality.
 I hope they would make a mold of it, so when you were called in to be interrogated, the
 seat you sit into.
 If you're innocent, you just sort of move it around a little bit, you can't get comfortable.
 You can go.
 You can go.
 But when you get up to leave, the chair goes to you.
 This is the Cinderella story that I want to see.
 Oh, dear.
 And the nice thing about that email is Sander's surname is Lootus, and it's a story about
 Sander being burgled.
 Yeah, you shouldn't have called yourself that, should you?
 If you didn't want people to come and bum-burgle you, the bum-burgler.
 Here's something from Mark Vendt.
 Oh, that's my buddy.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Actually, he signs off as dance friend Mark.
 There we go.
 That makes a lot of sense.
 No, that's great.
 That's good corroboration there.
 There's a story about Henry Ford where he was showing a visit around his company, and
 the supervising engineer explained the assembly line.
 Ford interrupted to say there are 4,197 parts in a motor car.
 The impressed visitor asked the engineer if that was correct, and he replied, "I'm sure
 I don't know.
 I can't think of a more useless piece of information."
 Clearly that guy wasn't to know such a thing as a fish fan.
 What's been your most poorly received fact?
 That's a good question.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's like a blind date question.
 Well chum.
 I think the fact that we're going to get together will be received very well, like the reception
 at our wedding when we get married.
 Well, we'll be serving tongue.
 I don't know what...
 I can't think of an example.
 I'm sure it happens.
 I can't think of loads, but you guys...
 Often, because we have a document of our facts that we're pitching to each other, and some
 of us, James puts in all new facts every time, he puts in four or five new facts, and we
 pick one, and then James insists on deleting the rest, but I would say the other three
 of us...
 No, sorry, I alternate my facts every other week.
 Okay, so...
 They're never helpful in two weeks.
 Okay, so whereas Dan and I think this is fair, we have some facts that have been in there
 for many, many months.
 And we just think...
 Because we believe in them.
 It's interesting, but the others, one day, having seen this fact nine times before, will
 come to it thinking, "You know, that is amazing."
 And you know, eventually you will delete them, but then they do come back like a bad penny.
 I sort of thought you wouldn't notice that.
 But we've definitely had a few.
 We've all had a few headline facts over the years where the other ones would have felt
 "Oh, that's a bit crap."
 And I think mine, it must have just been a bad week of other facts for me.
 I remember loving the fact that the person who invented Stroganov was the grandfather
 of the person who invented human chess.
 Yeah, I think that's good.
 Mine, I think it might have been great grandfather.
 When you say human chess, what do you mean actual human?
 Well, you can go back and listen to the episode that you were in.
 Don't say that's great, wouldn't bother.
 I've got one that I put in there that got nothing from you guys, and I still think is
 incredible, which is that there was, I don't remember the details now because it's gone,
 but basically there's one example only ever of a military plane flying as high as possible
 to the edge of space, spotting and honing in on a satellite in space and shooting it,
 blowing it up.
 It's the only Earth to space missile hit and kill that we've ever had.
 I don't remember this one.
 I think that's for the number.
 Yeah, I remember that one.
 That sounds good.
 You should pop it in the dog.
 Please God, no.
 That's amazing though.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah.
 He shot a satellite out in space from Earth.
 That's incredible.
 In a plane.
 I think I've just remembered my poorly received fact about, well, there you go.
 Yeah, no.
 Mine was about the time of submarine got into a fight with a train.
 Yours are often technical.
 We take them down on like, oh, so it wasn't like it was a submarine in the ocean.
 And then the train was meeting it on like the border of the ocean and land.
 Yours was like, it was on the back of a truck.
 I agree, Andy.
 You'll sometimes be creative with your wording and we'll get incredibly excited.
 It's like a primped up CV and then you'll say, so what was this conference you organized
 and it'll be a game of Dungeons and Dragons or something.
 Okay, so, Mark, I think you've got your answer, so let's.
 Wow.
 Wow, that's opened up a few old wounds, hasn't it?
 Yeah.
 I just remember we got in a terrible row with each other.
 Me against three of you with about a half an hour to go before a show and it was in New
 York City.
 It was so exciting.
 Really?
 And it's about the definition of a shrimp.
 And it was so.
 And I just remember being almost blind with rage because my fact was being corrected with
 not long to go.
 And I think you guys are pretty annoyed that I've presented a fact about a dubious definition
 of a shrimp.
 With not long to go.
 Oh, yeah.
 I remember that.
 It was about the prawn cocktail or shrimp.
 It was about whether prawn cocktail was shrimp cocktail or something.
 Yeah.
 And it was, honestly, it was really tense.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Let's not go back there.
 It's too painful for me to remember.
 We've not had many moments like that, but not many.
 That sounds like that's something.
 What does happen quite often is that we all choose our facts and then someone about three
 days later will send a message and I'm going, yeah, I've researched that and it is true
 at all.
 That's definitely not true.
 No.
 It will be very diplomatic though.
 So try and notice it because what we'll do is then we'll come up with another fact that's
 in the same subject.
 So we're not wasting any research.
 So see if you can spot those.
 I'd be curious because there's a lot of people doing data at the moment.
 I have a feeling.
 This is not a slam on you, Andy, but I have a feeling like when we have those, when we
 have those moments, we do sometimes change the fact.
 But I think sometimes with your ones, we still do the fact and then there's an immediate
 qualifier after it.
 And that's not a slam because...
 Because it's just a way of, it's just a, we acknowledge it.
 So it's not like it's, you know, it's not bad.
 Yeah, it didn't feel a million miles from slam.
 Did you feel a slam?
 Ah.
 I felt patted.
 Didn't mean it.
 It's not a slam.
 A flick, I think, at least.
 I've been licked.
 It's not a lick, but your tongue was pressed against me.
 Hold on.
 Hold on.
 Hold on.
 Here's, this is really exciting.
 We've had an expert write in.
 Okay, cool.
 Dr. Richard Osborne.
 Cool.
 I'm very excited to find the top item on the latest episode of Fish related to Australian
 magpies.
 Oh yeah.
 Now that was with Mel Bracewells, I think.
 Maybe you were right.
 Okay.
 But I've seen them and they look not like magpies.
 Well, Richard Osborne, Dr. Richard Osborne writes, "My joy was somewhat soured when
 I heard that despite being the highly regarded inventor of the supremely effective party
 popper anti-magpie helmet, I was described as looking like an idiot."
 I'd want to be clear now.
 If I'd been on that show, I'd certainly not have happened.
 Why did he look like an idiot?
 I'm really sorry.
 That was me who said that he looked like an idiot.
 You know what, I can't even, because I can't imagine things, I couldn't remember what
 he looked like at all.
 So I was just assuming that he looked like an idiot.
 Also, there was one pipe you blew into and it blew out all the poppers at the same time.
 Yeah.
 So they're not party poppers, Anna, just to explain.
 They're not the ones that you pull and they go pop, they're more like the ones that you
 blow and they go up.
 Yeah.
 And they go outwards like the top.
 Oh, like a party whistle.
 Yeah.
 And he's got a bike helmet covered in these.
 That's amazing.
 And he blows.
 They can all blow out.
 Yeah.
 That's so cool.
 And if Anna was here, then she would have said that you look so cool.
 He says, "I'm sure you will enjoy reviewing the attached images which display this magnificent
 device in greater detail.
 In terms of my contributions to medical science as a senior oncologist for 30 years, I regard
 my innovation as the pinnacle of my whole career."
 So fair play.
 Brilliant.
 So picture him, you know, bike riding, his hand on, he's listening to his favorite podcast.
 That's coming down from all angles.
 He gets a mention.
 He's paused it.
 Kids, kids, daddy's on his favorite podcast.
 And they all called me an idiot.
 Well, let's see what the fish people think.
 Wait, stop the surgery, stop the surgery.
 I'm going to listen to this.
 He goes on, "I must also point out a factual error," just says, "There is crystal clear
 evidence that applying googly eyes to the back of a helmet does not prevent magpies from
 it."
 Oh, interesting.
 That is interesting.
 So we said, I said, I believe it was me, said that sometimes cyclists will wear sunglasses
 backwards on their head so that it looks like their eyes are there, which will put off
 magpies.
 Maybe sunglasses work.
 It's not clear.
 Okay.
 No, they don't.
 But googly eyes.
 Okay.
 I don't understand.
 Are they still on the back of your head?
 They'd fall off.
 Oh, you can do that.
 Do it now.
 You're wearing glasses.
 It's still there.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, Dan, are you looking at me or going away from me?
 I can hardly tell.
 I can think I can say what he's saying, you look like an idiot.
 Lovely.
 All right.
 That's it.
 Bye.
 Beauty.
 That was great fun for us and we hope for you to the he's not done yet and it just got
 up to leave.
 Yeah.
 It felt like you were done.
 It actually did.
 I said bye.
 Then I do the outro though.
 You know, that's how we.
 Sorry.
 James has been on his phone.
 James is doing day trading on his phone.
 I was looking for some messages that people had sent me, but I couldn't find any.
 So you were just just waiting in your inbox hoping for someone like, shall I read one?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So Kaz sent me a message on Instagram.
 No such thing as James Harkin.
 Hi, James.
 You are my favorite fish.
 Saut off me.
 That's a fake.
 That's right here.
 That's right here.
 I have an interesting fact.
 If you want to find out where someone originates from within Japan, you can spray them with
 a water gun.
 Apparently there was a Japanese TV show and what they did was they went around the country
 splashing people with a water gun and they all said different things depending on where
 in Japan they're from.
 So if you're from Bolton and someone did it, you're like, oh, bugger off.
 Or as if they're from London, you'd be like, oh, Saut off.
 Nice.
 That's right.
 Like that.
 Hey, since you're in your messages, there was an email that I felt really bad we didn't
 read out because it was so relevant to the podcast we just recorded and we all got an
 email from our great friend, Jason Haisley, who's lovely, and I thought that was such
 a good fact he sent us because he'd just been randomly doing a company's house search.
 Oh, yes.
 And he found this amazing email.
 Here we go.
 James has got it.
 So basically he randomly found on company's house that there's a company called My Neighbors
 possess an enormous superiority complex yet ironically they're both emotionally and intellectually
 very, very limited.
 I don't think Jason sent me that email.
 Ouch.
 Is that about you?
 No, no, from Jason Haisley to Daniel Schreiber, Anna Tyshinski, James, oh yeah, James Harkin.
 Just the three of us.
 Well, well, well.
 Sent it from Australia.
 All that way.
 Maybe there was only time to send it to three of you or the cost of sending to four recipients
 goes hugely up from three.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Well, this is all good.
 I didn't mean to raise such a controversial issue so late in the day.
 What the heck?
 I didn't do that episode.
 You didn't do that episode.
 That's why.
 That's why.
 It doesn't make it hurt any less.
 It does not make it hurt less.
 As someone who didn't do that episode, you wouldn't be interested in an email from Jason.
 I would have thought.
 Absolutely not.
 Exactly.
 Right.
 Well, that's the tears well into Andy's eyeballs.
 How about a quick rounding off?
 Bye.
 Bye everybody, it's podcast at qi.com if you want to send us content, which we will sift
 and winnow and then read out.
 So please do that.
 Thank you.
 Sorry, I feel like I've gone a bit serious.
 We've had a really fun time.
 It's been great.
 It's been so much fun.
 So you know, stay careful and keep your back up and we'll see you next time.
 You'll hear us next time.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
