 - Do you know what that is? - I don't know what that is, but...
 Ladies and gentlemen of King's Place, welcome to a world first possibly in podcasting history.
 Are you ready for a show?
 No, not nearly loud enough ladies and gentlemen, are you ready for a show?
 Yes!
 Then for the first and the last time, please welcome to the stage the cast of no such thing as a fish as they present
 "Drop us a line, LINE!"
 Oh my god, it's hard to say how excited I think it's been about this.
 They said it couldn't be done!
 They said it shouldn't be done.
 They said we wouldn't sell all the tickets, and we didn't sell all the tickets!
 Welcome to "Drop us a line!" I'm going to stay standing throughout the game.
 I think it suits your whole energy, yeah, I think I can do it.
 Guys, welcome to the first ever "Live Drop us a line!"
 You are the select few who you'll be able to say in years to come, I was there!
 Whatever, but also we've been watched around the world right now as well.
 Around the world.
 This is live streamed.
 You guys are just the sort of shock troops on the ground.
 We've had information that they're on literally.
 Literally tens of people.
 People watch out on the stream.
 Shout out to all our mums and their friends.
 Just a few, so does anyone listen to no such thing as a fish?
 Does anyone listen to "Drop us a line?"
 Does anyone not listen to "Drop us a line?"
 Okay.
 Wow.
 You are going to be called a few.
 So you just nodded, so this is the spin-off feedback show from the main show which is called "Drop us a line."
 No, the main show is called "No such thing as a fish."
 It's a fish pun, so we thought we'd...
 There's a lot of haze, isn't there?
 We thought it was going to be a bit bigger.
 So obviously "Drop us a line" is a fishing pun and that's why we came up with it for the feedback show.
 We've been doing this show for four years now.
 No such thing as a fish for 12, 12 and a half years.
 And this is the most excited the crowds ever been.
 Wow.
 And weirdly, what he's saying right now is not going to be as painful as his actual introduction.
 Oh my god, I haven't started the introduction.
 No, I'm sorry, okay. We should do that for the edit, of course.
 Why not?
 And for the audience and for the show itself.
 Yeah, okay, right.
 Shall we start? Let's begin.
 We've had five minutes already.
 We've got so much to get through.
 Okay.
 Right.
 Hello.
 Welcome.
 Still my thunder.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "Drop us a line."
 Here from the London Podcast Festival at Kings Place.
 We've had some terrific emails over the last week or so.
 You are?
 My name's Andrew Ondemari.
 And this is James Arkin.
 Present.
 Anna Tisinski.
 Yeah.
 And Don Triba.
 Sorry.
 Right.
 So we're going to read out some of your emails and go home.
 So, right.
 So hello.
 Hello.
 Cross off.
 Oh, right.
 Now, good.
 We've come to our first jingle.
 That was actually better than most of your intros.
 Yeah.
 It wasn't bad.
 Yeah.
 I think you'd perform better with an audience.
 I think I do.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well.
 Are you throwing me by saying something nice about the show now?
 Every time he goes for a wee and the pub he has to wait for a load of people to turn up so he can perform.
 A lot of weird pub that would be.
 Right.
 Ethan's in the booth.
 Sorry if I got to introduce him.
 It's time, Ethan, for a rodeo clown.
 I think you'll find that a rodeo clown is a very clearly defined job position.
 It's a very important role in the world of rodeo.
 And what it means is they're actually very well trained athletes.
 And what we do is they have to do something.
 Jingle one, done.
 Good.
 Good.
 Just mark that off.
 So we should say we don't know anything that's happening on this stage tonight.
 We haven't heard the jingles.
 We're in the same seat as you guys technically.
 Yeah.
 Everyone is as confused as you are right now.
 What we're saying is we're distancing ourselves from that last few seconds.
 I'm not sure I want to be associated with the evening at all actually.
 All right.
 I enjoyed it.
 Thanks.
 Well, we've had a few emails about one particular subject, which is what a rodeo clown is.
 That's where we've had lots.
 I've said it already.
 So you may not have had the later show yet, which was recorded in Sweden in the city of Lund.
 And we've had several emails.
 Crystal Aura.
 Oh, what a funny name.
 Crystal Aura.
 But both have spelled differently, weirdly, to what I think.
 Well, because Crystal's not spelled the same as Aura.
 Oh, sorry to me.
 Got to listen to the end of a sentence before.
 No, no, no, no, no.
 Thank you all for an enjoyable evening.
 In Lund last night, we realized you're all incredibly busy people.
 But please tell us that Andy is OK.
 We were seriously worried.
 Oh, yeah.
 Christine Forz.
 Hope you're OK, Andy.
 Well, OK.
 So Andy decided to accept a challenge that James presented, which is James was given.
 What is the hottest candy technically in the world, I guess?
 Yeah, I paid for it.
 I bought it.
 Yeah.
 And I thought, Andy might like to try it out.
 Yeah.
 It's called Satan's Toe.
 And there was 9,000 times stronger than the jalapeno.
 I think 9 million Scoville.
 I don't know what it means.
 I didn't believe in the Scoville scale before I started sucking on that toe.
 I think we have an image of what happened.
 There we go.
 Yeah.
 And then I think we have a second image of what happened a few seconds later.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So thank you, everyone, for your concern.
 It was absolutely fine in the end.
 It was, yeah.
 But it hurt you for the evening, didn't it?
 And a lot.
 But you were fine in the morning.
 I was fine in the morning.
 And I've brought along.
 I thought it'd be fun to do a little mouth challenge for you three.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 So.
 Who would like to taste Salina Gomez's purple Oreo?
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Only if it is a euphemism.
 Can you explain what this is while I get it out?
 So Oreo did a collab with Salina Gomez.
 And we talked about it because I think some animals were attracted to it or something?
 Possums.
 Possums.
 Oh.
 They used to bake possums in New Zealand.
 Yeah.
 But did they put poison in it or something for the possums?
 Yeah.
 And so, Joe, we're going to play Salina Gomez Oreo Roulette.
 Joe O'Malley, thank you.
 You sent us a packet of possibly in date Salina Gomez Oreos.
 Wow.
 And, um, oh, they're not in date.
 I'm willing to give it a go.
 Yeah.
 If it's more than a decade out, I'm usually a no, but aside from that.
 Three dates on here.
 It's got to be the last one, which is the important one.
 There were three, wait, you don't know how to read a best before date.
 Well, it's a key we want.
 So it's all confusing.
 It's 25, 26, and then 2030.
 Who knows?
 Anyway.
 Hey.
 They work on three different calendars, don't they?
 Right.
 And these are or aren't poisoned, sorry?
 Well, I've just opened them so they can't be.
 They don't come poisoned, no.
 They're on an angle.
 They've got to do some foley.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay, that's enough of that.
 I've got it.
 This is the kryptonite to me of food because I've got really weird gums.
 And if I eat Oreos, they're in there for weeks.
 They're like stuck inside.
 I don't know if it feels good.
 I'll eat it.
 I'm not.
 No.
 I mean, I ate a sweet that was nine million things, but if your gums are going to be a best answer.
 No, don't, yeah.
 Are they nice?
 It's very nice.
 It tastes like, you know, if you get like a chocolate chip cookie, but it's been out for a long time and it's gone soggy.
 Yes.
 It tastes a bit like that.
 I'm getting cinnamon.
 I'm getting a lot of cinnamon.
 There is cinnamon on the packet, yes.
 Well, don't me.
 I should get a professional food tester.
 Yeah.
 I'm tasting a lot of that and I'm loving it.
 I don't know who she is, but I'm loving it.
 You don't.
 I vaguely have heard of her, though.
 Great.
 Just to reassure people.
 All right.
 Well, that was our format point for the show.
 So now it's free play.
 Very exciting.
 I just want to share.
 And this is really dumping her in it.
 One of our colleagues sure remained nameless when I was explaining to her what we'd done to Andy almost killed him on stage.
 And I said he was given a sweet that was 9,000 times hotter.
 Really?
 Than a jalapeno.
 I think it was 9,000 times hotter than a jalapeno.
 She said, "A jalapeno is not that hot."
 Did you hear the other bit, though?
 Yeah.
 9,000 times hotter than a chip is still hot.
 Now it's time for another format point.
 I tricked you.
 There was actually more than one format point.
 It's time to get yourself off the hook.
 Oh.
 Icelanders don't need an app to prevent namesets.
 Check what can take you.
 A stretch of the rivet and a push.
 The push right.
 The most advanced.
 The most advanced.
 The most advanced.
 The most advanced.
 The most advanced.
 The most advanced.
 The most advanced.
 The most advanced.
 The most advanced.
 The most advanced.
 Very nice.
 Okay, so this is where we've made a mistake.
 And you, someone has written in.
 Yeah.
 And you're going to tell us about it.
 Yeah.
 But you can get yourself off the hook.
 Not the fishing pun there.
 What's your name?
 Finley.
 Lovely.
 Just because we'll be--
 Fin.
 Way.
 Oh my god.
 Oh my god.
 Oh my god.
 Oh my god.
 Oh my god.
 Is he a plant?
 No, he's a fish.
 Everything is a fish pun.
 Right.
 If you dredge low enough, we've just--
 Hey.
 Hey.
 Dave from Zambia.
 Right.
 Cool.
 Wow.
 Just wanted to point out that once again.
 Once again.
 James.
 Oh yeah.
 Has attributed the biscuit cricket sledge to Shane Warren.
 Oh.
 While Shane was a well-known and much loved character in the cricket world, the biscuit sledge was made by the Zimbabwe and Spinbola Edo Brandes.
 Okay.
 And the retortion in the audience.
 So I'm not going to say the full pun, but--
 Basically, he said, someone said, why are you so fat?
 And he said, because when I make love to your wife, it gives me a biscuit.
 Yeah.
 Ah, yes.
 I've always heard that being from Shane Warren, but of course, it's a powerful, possibly even from this person.
 Yeah.
 It's a love way.
 Dave from Zambia, thank you.
 Yeah.
 Brilliant.
 Okay.
 I accept it.
 Tick.
 90% of the great quotes in the world are attributed to Mark Twain or Shane Warren.
 Yes.
 Right.
 You ready for another?
 James has got himself off the--
 Yeah, yeah.
 No, you didn't get yourself off the hook.
 Happily wriggling away on the hook.
 No, not at all.
 Get on the hook.
 Right.
 Brett Fuyings writes, in a recent little fish, the famous Aussie Lord Howard Walter Florey was mentioned for his work on penicillin.
 He shared the 1945 Nobel Prize for Physiology or Medicine.
 Feels like you could have edited this down a little bit, Brett.
 But then again, so could I, before I read it out, for his role in the purification and development of penicillin.
 Understandably, James said he had never heard of him.
 Hmm.
 Florey.
 As a reputed Aussie, Dan's lack of knowledge is puzzling.
 Dan would have touched Florey dozens, if not hundreds of times, in his visits to Australia, Dan did live there for some time.
 So, you know, you're Aussie.
 I'm Aussie.
 Florey was featured on the front of the Australian $50 banknote, Dan.
 I never saw that kind of cash.
 Well, he was also on the 1998 $1 coin.
 The year after I got there.
 So, I was familiarizing myself with a lot of new things at that point.
 Well, I'm the one who brought him up on the show.
 Yeah.
 I'm the one who told the story.
 But I'm the one being accused of not having heard of him.
 You know what I think might have happened here, Andy.
 Is someone's mistake, could you, for Dan?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's off the hook.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sam Hewitt writes, "In episode 125 of No Such Thing as a Fish."
 So, roughly 10 years ago now, you made a grave mistake on the topic of venomous mammals.
 In the episode in question, you confidently stated that slow lorises are the only venomous mammals in the world.
 However, the platypus is another venomous mammal native to Australia.
 I would have thought you would have known this as it is a basic fact.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I am severely disappointed in you, Andy, as a person.
 But I am more disappointed in Dan.
 Oh, here we go.
 You literally lived in Australia, Dan.
 Yeah.
 You have both failed me.
 Thank you, Sam.
 What was it? One, the $10 note.
 Yeah.
 I go a cool little tip, though.
 That's reminded me of a cool tip, which is my sister, Annabelle, is an actor.
 And if she's ever playing an Australian, the way that she kicks herself into the Aussie accent is to say, "Venomous Snikes."
 And that, apparently, is such a good pairing of words to get you into the flow of a Aussie accent.
 Give it a go.
 I didn't work when you did it, and you were in Australia.
 So, "Venomous Snikes."
 Very nice.
 Oh, people are interested.
 Yeah, you see.
 You want some more?
 No.
 What do you do?
 No.
 "Venomous Snikes."
 Wow.
 Did it work?
 "Venomous Snikes."
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's good.
 "Border, broader."
 Oh, are we still allowed to do accents?
 Ooh, don't know.
 Podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah.
 We're not allowed to do accents.
 Right.
 You go on.
 I was just thinking that the Australian accent will be the last to fall, but then I remembered
 my husband's Australian, and he will divorce me if he ever is me doing one.
 So, maybe it won't be.
 Is he not streaming this live?
 You did literally send him a link just before we went on stage.
 I'm going to do something you're going to enjoy.
 There's no way he'll have switched off already.
 There's just no way.
 Right.
 Can we have a bonus, "Bream?"
 Yes.
 Yeah, sure.
 So, "Bream Finley."
 Of course.
 Kind of fish.
 It's not really a pun, though, is it?
 Not a pun at all.
 Well, we're not on the section naming section yet, so don't worry, guys.
 We'll get there.
 Stop hustling me, everyone.
 Am I allowed to talk, or is there a brilliant jingle about to come?
 No, we don't.
 They don't all have jingle.
 Okay.
 So, bonus, "Bream," is where we've talked about a subject and someone sent in "extramaterial"
 without it.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 That's right.
 And on that note, it is faster without the jingle, isn't it?
 You were all skeptical, but I think they did all need a jingle, but they don't all have one.
 Let's hear the email, mate.
 All right.
 Let's hear the email.
 Well, it's funny, because it's going to give us all a chance to use on you, Australian accents.
 Olivia Ayers, like The Rock.
 That's weird.
 I had noticed that.
 I don't think we call it that anymore.
 Well, Olivia Uluru writes.
 Um...
 Uluru, just for...
 Uluru.
 Uluru.
 Uluru.
 Yeah.
 Olivia Uluru writes.
 Hello.
 I've got to cut these down.
 I was listening to your most recent episode, where you talk about the "Grain Fields"
 Christopher Nolan used for...
 Into a cello.
 Then, about Russell Christophe, so forget that in Christopher Nolan bit, it's not relevant.
 Um...
 And then, Russell Crowe running through a field of wheat.
 Then, Russell Crowe's hand in those wheat fields.
 And the bonus bream that Olivia adds is that it is not Russell Crowe's hand.
 It's a stunt double.
 No, no.
 Yeah.
 Does he have hideous hands?
 Yeah.
 So big. They're so big that it would have made it look like a field of crest.
 I think that was the point.
 They should have used a field of oil seed rape, and then he would have looked like he had normal hand size.
 Yeah, good point.
 But anyway, and I looked it up and it's true, but it's simply that...
 Is it James Cameron?
 No, Ridley Scott.
 Ridley Scott.
 Well, it just noticed the stunt double running his hand through some wheat.
 And he thought, "Oh, that's a rather nice shot."
 So it wasn't actually written in the...
 Yeah.
 Unplanned, the highlight of that film.
 I know.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So that's good, isn't that?
 That's a good fact.
 Good fact.
 I wonder if that hand has got other work now in other...
 Definitely.
 Yeah.
 Definitely.
 What's up?
 There's another bonus bream from Sam McLaren Blade.
 What a name.
 What a name.
 Yeah, well.
 Do you remember we talked about Bartolomeo Christopher Lee?
 Yeah.
 Yes, I know the name.
 Who was he?
 Remind us.
 He made the word, he invented the...
 He was...
 Oh, so together, one, two, three...
 Piano.
 Piano.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, okay.
 So, Sam points out, we...
 And in fact, all of us here will have heard an instrument by Christopher.
 A specific...
 Not just any piano.
 A specific piano he made.
 So there's a famous piano.
 Right.
 And a famous piano piece that we all know and love,
 which comes from one of his instruments.
 Exactly.
 Except I haven't read the whole email yet.
 So actually, it's a cello that he made.
 But...
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And Sam, I should say, is a violin, dealer, and archivist,
 which is a pretty cool job to have.
 Nice.
 So, anyway, he works for a company called W.E. Hill and Sons.
 And they have an archive of all the instruments they've sold,
 going back 150 years, incredible.
 And one of the cellos by Christopher,
 which passed through this company,
 was owned by the Medici.
 Then it was owned by Pope Pius IX.
 Then Count Ferretti of Cortina.
 And then it was owned by the private secretary
 of the Duke of Westminster, Charles French.
 None of that is relevant, because in 1956,
 it was sold to a man named Norman Jones.
 Norman Jones, in 1966, was part of a string ensemble
 in Eleanorigby, and Strawberry Fields Forever.
 Oh, really?
 So that...
 Although those basses are shallow in that song. Yeah, it's all of us but James in the room will know
 There's a there's a beat there's a string bit in there. It's not it's basically orchestral throughout the song
 Yeah, I know a little little rato of a man Scala mush Scala
 The only Beatles song that I like which is the frog song not a Beatles song
 But no, it's Eleanor Rick as a so many solos yeah Eleanor Rickians strawberry feels forever
 I thought you would have liked that down. Yeah, thank you. I read that out for I think Dan switched off
 You know a quarter way through the email. That's the problem
 So basically we're saying that one of the piano one of the violins invented by him was used in Eleanor Rickby
 Yeah, hopefully cello cello. Sorry. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I'm excited by that. I thought that was a really good email
 That's a great email and sometimes it's funny the sort of the live audience changing things because you know
 You're expecting everything to be really like hilarious
 Yeah
 And it's sometimes it'll just be cracking information like that
 Um, we've had an email this this is on the subject of Hitler's breasts. I don't know if you remember
 Wait, so this was this was something we said about a pull up to uh sneak female hormones into Hitler's
 Right into him through his carrots carrots to make him nicer
 No to make him feminine to make him grow breasts
 So people would make fun of him exactly to make him a laughing stock. So hen writes in hen says
 I know the answer to the oh James up. Sorry, hen says James asked about the question of the size of Hitler's
 sexual breasts
 And whether it would be correlated to the amount of estrogen he consumed. Yes, that's what I did ask
 I know the answer to this question as I take estrogen as part of a medical transition
 So the amount of estrogen doesn't control the eventual size of the breasts
 That is genetic. So you have to consider the breasts of Hitler's sister to
 Stop considering the size of the breast of Hitler's sister
 Uh
 That's the best way to approximate where you'd end up. Did he have sister? Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, you must seem photos
 I mean you've you've been reading a lot of that Hitler's I have yeah, yeah, I haven't been looking through the big book of
 Mucky process of Hitler's sister though. I'm interested in the sort of the war stuff
 Yeah, anyway, yeah, I just watch well war two for the war stuff
 Not in it for the books like go back a second. What go back at that trouble Hitler's sister
 Anyway, and the fact is
 hen also knows about the process the time it would take and it turns out that
 The process typically takes between three to five years to complete
 But it can be as long as eight to ten years
 Okay, so this would not have been a war-winning strategy
 Well, is it six years the war yeah, so they might have well have done it in the first day of the war
 But they just hadn't seen the results yet exactly yeah, well never know if Hitler was gonna get massive boobs. Yeah, what is that tragedy?
 Well, I think the whole war was a tragedy rather than a single element like this
 And you wouldn't choose to extend it just to find out if he was going to be a double d cap would you
 But anyone no
 I'm against the time machine goes back in time to save Hitler just to see
 Trust me on this one guys you won't regret it
 You killed him as a baby, yeah actually
 Flip open to the middle of that book
 Wow double d's
 Are you happy? Are you happy? That's cool
 Well, it's time now for another section as we move on to an audience favorite probably
 Spicy meat
 Spicy meat
 Here's where we get to the spicy meat
 That's just meat. Oh, this is spicy
 Yeah, spicy meat alley
 All right
 Yeah, I'm still not sure what spicy
 It's like
 I don't need to explain
 Uh, maybe there's some spicy meat looking at it
 I mean see how spicy you think it's meters
 So someone that's using that to their sex sound trend
 Oh, what was that dancing Andy? I would say if anyone was too aroused after thinking about Hitler's sister
 That would have fixed things right away. Oh, don't. I've just lost a contact lens. Oh my god
 Oh, that's all right, it's back um
 So anyway, we're out of time for the show now sadly so um spicy meat this spicy is spicy meat time
 Um, so I've forgotten actually what spicy meat is yet rare instance where there's just no fish bun here
 And it's not it's never really been clear what the section is um
 It's it's sort of hot goss
 Okay, yeah hot goss elements the salacious part arguably the last email that Hitler's breast should have been spicy meat
 But it wasn't a lot of emails are in sort of in the middle of end diagram, aren't they?
 Tell me about it. Yeah, we're gonna get a bit we're gonna come on too later about the categorization of emails. Don't worry
 Okay
 Right, this is one for James
 Elliott Covitz writes in
 I was listening back to episode five nine two
 James mentioned he hasn't worn an iron shirt since he left a proper job 25 years ago
 I think that's more or less true right according to Wikipedia
 James was 47 at the time he says this
 Assuming that he left his proper job to join qi 21 years ago. He's included a source
 That means he had 26 years total of non qi life at least 22 of which were almost certainly spent being a child
 Getting a physics degree and qualifying as an accountant
 He's mentioned the latter two on the podcast and the first I've presumed
 What was the first being a child
 Anyway, this leaves him with maximum four years to be an accountant work in hotel work in a restaurant
 Be the landlord of a pub and probably other things that I've forgotten though. I am a devoted listener
 How did he do this
 Does time move at a different speed for him? Does he just get bored easily and change shops often? Does he get fired?
 Spicy meat
 I feel like I'm on question time
 Uh, well all those things are true and a lot of them happened in the same place
 So I could be an accountant and what were the other things?
 I don't want to give too much away hotel, restaurant, yeah
 Some of those were all in the same place and some of them were all in a second place
 So I had two main jobs but they all I had many hats in both of them. Yeah, you had you weren't in a hotel that was also a restaurant in a pub
 Because even then, yeah, but then I also weren't in a accountant for a set of pubs
 So we're actually double-pubbing it
 I worry that we're going to appeal back too much of the onion of James. Do you know what I mean? It's not really much to say
 What was this about me wearing a shirt?
 An iron shirt, last time you were on iron shirt. It was just because that gave away
 How long it is since you had a real job and it turns out it's right next to you being a child. I see
 Anyway, you probably had a proper job for like five years. That's good. I think then that works out earlier. I hope you're happy
 I'm fine. I'm sure you guys are too. We're halfway through the show
 Hasn't it flown? Hasn't it flown? Now let's go. Let's go. Okay. Let's move on to another section. Ethan. I'm going to need
 Track number two. Please. Track number two. Fish fight
 Cuffs this all that tackle box fight glove right hook was the name that we landed on for that
 It was actually but I forgot to write it down
 Row row row row row row row row row row row row row row row row row row row rack it's your boat
 I think it's going to be Siemens gobbles
 Yay! Welcome to Siemens gobbles
 Why? Why rule Britannia? I don't write the jingles
 How much out of interest how much of our budget for this did you spend on these jingles? We're deep in debt
 So this is actually not quite Siemens gobbles Siemens gobbles
 Finley is
 Siemens in sailors of course and squabbles as in disputes but we had a lot of emails about
 Seemily stuff and so I've bolted that into a new section of Siemens squabbles
 Oh cool
 As in sperm. Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah obviously
 Go to that take
 Right Lynn Lim in Geneva
 I'm on my second lesson through the fishback catalogue and just came across episode 393
 Oh, so it's it's old Siemens wow yeah squabbles
 James says to write in if you know how mouse sperm is extracted
 Wow
 I'm excited I've always wanted to I've got a bunch of pet and I've been waiting for this
 Much less amusing than the skip you related options suggested on the show basically mouse sperm donors are dead
 Oh, I've got to read the emails I've got to read them in a pants
 And then is it like electrolysis on the testicles probably probably I
 Have personally dissected genetically engineered lab mice to collect the epidid amies
 Did
 Let's move on. Let's move on
 Happy did he mouse more like hey
 Brilliant
 It's I feels like they must have been youth and they's for another reason you can't otherwise hit why aren't they just masturbating a moment mouse
 There's like uh-huh who's not going for that job
 Yeah
 Right in this economy. Yeah, yeah
 Oh, so there we go. So the answer is prosaic and quite morbid as Lynn Lim says
 But that's the first email in this section the second one comes from Clement de Menezes
 On the most recent drop us a line. So we're now in a drop us a line spiral which is great. Uh-huh. You discussed uh
 Clements as pug in dissemination. I think it was pig insemination. We discussed
 You don't want to get those mixed up. Oh no
 Although it feels like someone has when you look at a pug
 No offense if there are any pugs in the audience. What if they're a bit they're a bit mixed up. Well, they look like pigs don't they?
 Yeah, they're the closest dog in in the static to a pig maybe. Yeah. Oh, maybe a bulldog. No, but I think a pug
 So maybe that's why they're called the pug probably almost certainly we don't and it's it's so nice flying by well without facts and research
 I think yeah
 James asked about the corkscrew vagina of a sal
 Uh-huh seems like I'm a bit obsessed
 But it is over 12 years
 Yeah, this is exactly and whether it affects the uh insemination straw as a former swine herd
 Cool nice. I can tell you you get pig insemination straws with rubber screw heads
 Also you can't freeze again pugs seem it. I think it's pigs. I mean, I don't think I think if it's a swine herd who's written it probably is pig semen
 Yes, you can't freeze pig semen for insemination as it reduces its potency
 So you do have to have a lot in the fridge and I'd suggest to Andy that he puts his food above it in case the bag splits
 Okay
 Wait, so what was the question you were asking whether the insemination straws have to be spiral yeah, yes, and they do and they don't
 Right there are there are you know, yeah cool like one of those fun like kid straws you get at a
 At a soft play or something. Yeah, all the beer hat straw the beer at straw. You could double up with one of them if you've lost your insemination
 Strive yes, absolutely. Yeah, there's been a crisis. Let's plow on cool
 two
 Questions we don't have a name for this so if anyone would like to suggest a name for the question section
 But we're never going to do this live event again. So
 Is of limited utility, but if anyone comes up with a good fish
 question pun
 Please shout it out. Okay, we've been sent in questions just to give us more to work with we've been sent two questions
 Okay, okay, and thanks so much
 So there are other 120 of you who are gonna start coaching you read the fucking email
 Elliott Elliott Elliott you emailed in thanks very much. That was a horrible time for me to swear
 Sorry about down. Sorry about that buddy. He wasn't right. He's brought up in Australia
 Um, I love your show. Thank you very much Elliott. I wanted to thank you for sticking with it so long
 I would like to say thank you all for sticking with this so long
 Hey, um q and days, but it's days, which is a type of fish q and days
 Yes, is it yeah, so I would say it's a sort of category. Oh, sorry. Come on
 Q and raise
 Q and raise q and raise fantastic. Yeah
 Rallying angling for an hour. Angling for an hour. It's very good. It's quite similar to drop us a line
 But that's not a bad thing because they're all meant to be about the same thing. So sorry
 There is gonna be some overlap in theme. Yeah, I think for answer q and raise. I'm gonna go with
 Sorry, don't see. Yeah. Okay, I'll write down q and days
 Q and days
 C-A-C-E it's a kind of you'll remember because it's in it's in tiddler the children's book isn't it is it? Oh, yeah, damselfish and days. Oh, yeah
 Any further offers
 Question shark like question marks question sharks very nice. That's all like question time, but it is about question
 Yeah, yeah, that's actually that's my favorite question. What's your name? Jessica? I'm gonna write Jessica next to that
 And start making the jungle Ethan
 So Elliot sorry Elliot. We're halfway through your email. Oh
 Yeah, here's the question
 Sorry, I was getting I was getting through the bit when you said I'm coming to your live recording of drop us a line in London
 And I'm so looking forward to it. I'm sorry about how it's turned out
 Believe it's any consolation. I'm having the hour of my life here
 I
 Really wanted to send in a question for you guys. So here it is who gets edited out the most and why?
 Ah you've mentioned before the show being cut down
 But is there a particular person who gets edited out most for any reason cough Dan close brackets. Well
 So let's get into it. Well done. You edit this show. Yeah, I definitely Andy got said it's not the most
 Yeah, which is weird. Yeah, I'm sorry that you're questioned and make it in the show as well
 On this show on this show on jewel
 It might it might be you Andy purely out of the fact that you're reading a lot of emails that you know
 I'd have to cut a lot of middle bits out
 But the main show is the main show I don't think there's anyone who gets cuts out more than the rest
 To be well done well done a diplomatic answer. So it's not to make this even more awkward than it is
 I would say whoever speaks the most on the day would get cut out the most because I try and make it as even as possible
 If it's obvious the one person speaking a bit more than they get cut shorter
 Yes, the way it works. There was a really cool bit of tech that was suggested. I think it was trialled for zoom zoom meetings where
 The more you spoke the bigger your picture got. So if you're in music
 Isn't that amazing? So you can literally see I'm like
 I'm drowning on and on and on
 Was it adequate like balloon like was it out of proportion your head?
 Like pinky in the brain guy. Yeah, some people would just think that's absolutely appropriate that I'm bigger than everyone else
 As in if you're the kind of person who talks over everyone else in a meeting you're going to think I should be bigger
 Yeah, and it's not just the big people who we should judge the person who's tiny tiny like a little poster stamp in the corner
 Also, are you contributing anything to the company? You know, so I think you've got to look at yourself if you're too small or too big
 Oh, yeah, yeah, good to have a go at the little people as well
 Um, all right, so that's there you go. There's your answer earlier. Um Andrew Bond. I think you said you were present
 Hi, Andrew. Don't worry. I'm just going to read out your email. Um, damn will have nothing to complain about because it's very short
 Um, I'll just crack on with it. Um
 For all no such thing as a fishes
 What subject are you desperate to find a fact about but can't find anything interesting?
 Oh interesting. That is a good question. I'll tell you one thing
 We recently did a show which had one of the facts had two angles to it
 And in the show itself we only covered half of it. We never covered the second half
 So I have like a full page of research right that was was never used and I think it was about paramedics
 So I'm looking for another fact about paramedics
 So that I can suggest it and then reuse that material. I don't have to do the research
 But you haven't looked endlessly and found that there's nothing interesting about them. Not yet. No
 What I'm sure there are some for me a lot of the the facts we're covering on tonight show actually if anyone's coming couldn't find anything
 For me, it's the um, it's the band wet, wet, wet
 Um, weren't you in a
 No, he's in a joke. Sorry. Is that a joke? No, I just I thought it might be for Finley's benefit. That's all
 Fish live in water. Yeah
 No, I've done extensive research on them um
 Why are you so desperate to find a fact about what's right a few years ago wrote my book right which is all about the weirdnesses that people have
 You should say the name of the book is called the theory of everything else and it was about the intersection between
 Paperback audiobook in America. It's been translated into multiple languages into American
 Yes, wow
 Yeah, they've added 600 dudes
 The uh what I did was I there was one I guess slightly interesting fact that they're connected to which is that when their song
 Love is all around got big because of the four weddings and a funeral soundtrack
 It made so much money that they had to take themselves off the chart because they didn't want to be hated by
 listeners who were just being hit by it as a number one and I think they had another single coming out didn't they?
 Yeah, I wanted people to buy that one and stuff exactly and also
 What that meant though is that they didn't write that song it was written by another guy who wrote the song wild thing
 I think I love trucks. Yeah in the trucks and he used all of that money to open up a radio and tv station to talk about aliens and
 So I thought oh, I wonder if the wet wet wet guys are interested in that at all and I spend I think like a good month
 Trying to find anything interesting about them and I couldn't and that's not a knock. They're just leading normal lives
 But yeah, they I mean they might be fascinating, but they just haven't put it on the internet
 Yeah, I would say it's hard is to find really amazing facts about things that are already just in the public eye weird and mental
 Like I remember when we did many years ago when we were all teenagers the tv show where we were covering the news
 And we did we research the American election which was Hillary Clinton yeah versus Donald Trump
 And had to do some research. I'm done. That one go
 Derrick all remember um, but Trump is a hard person to research right because he's so insane. Oh, yeah, no offense to anyone
 I'm not saying I'm making a political statement there. I'm just saying he says weird stuff
 So it's quite hard to find something that's surprising because you say oh Donald Trump's actually got 19
 um toes
 And people would say oh whatever he's mad anyway, right do you know what I mean? Yeah, I do know what you mean
 researching a huge subject that's very present in the news is well, and that's very weird
 Yeah, yeah, I'm so sorry. We've got 26 more pages of emails
 Sorry for answering your questions
 Well, it's just can you not monopolise the conversation right? I'm up there. Sorry, apologies
 Let's move on to Ethan. We need number nine please if that's ready to to be to go because it's time for
 Thing
 It's time for extreme fish lovely. Yes
 Cool
 Wow
 Bit of a dip in energy that's the 2/3 mark don't worry we'll get through it and we'll end very very strong
 Don't don't be alarmed so extreme fish is where someone has been listening to the show in an extreme environment
 Exactly or where they may yet, so not really upon extreme fish
 um
 Enrique Durin who has written before writes I forwarded your email to my astronaut friend
 Because Enrique had a friend who was uh, would not a real astronaut but an astronaut in training and
 Okay, so he's not been to space which is the marker when you become you become an astronaut, you know
 Um, but partly so he knew I was disclosing our private chats
 Um, it turned out that ever since I first asked him if he was a listener
 He has been listening to fish
 Cool, um, and we because we've never had anyone listen in space
 I then asked him if he would promise to listen to the show in space
 And he officially vowed to listen to at least one minute of fish during his first mission
 Cool, so we're gonna make it to space once he going up. Oh, I don't think we've got a well, Enrique doesn't say right
 He might never he might never
 One minute is a why so stingy at least at least one minute. Okay. I hope it's not the minute where you say that he's not an astronaut
 I'm not gonna
 Good point
 Uh, but by then he will be and I'll happily retract
 All right Seth anonymous writes I have what is to my knowledge a new entry in the category of extreme fish two days ago
 I listened to you all while I was having
 Of a zectomy. Oh
 That's the exact opposite of my thought
 What an extra set of testicles grafted off
 This should be in semen squabbles
 Yeah, yeah, yeah
 Oh, um, it was very surreal. I will say the procedure did distract somewhat from my ability to follow the fun facts
 But it was nice to have something to laugh at while the doctor was handling my most sensitive bits. So there you go
 Laughing kills pain, right? Laughing kills pain. That is a thing. So you wouldn't even need the anesthetic. No
 No, thank stop. I've got no sense. Thank you so fair. Oh now it's dropped as a light
 Give it the bar feed
 We actually recommend more feed for a standard listening experience
 Oh dear
 There we go and anonymous Ruth writes it
 Um, I know you've had people listening to fish while giving birth
 But I thought you might like to know you're keeping company at the start instead
 Uh, and that's because Ruth is expecting a baby grow up
 Thanks for the distraction while I throw up for the second week in a row while I work my way through my first trimester
 Nice and again the throwing up may simply be a consequence of drop us a line
 Yeah, so that's good isn't it? That's some nice new extreme fish. Yeah, we're really racking them up
 So any more extreme fish is out there. Please do let us know it's podcast at qi.com. Mm, right. Let's move on to
 Mike gigala no jingle
 This is just when someone sent in a joke
 Um, and they're always very disappointed that we didn't make it on the day. Yeah, yeah, yeah
 Um, Chris lock writes your recent discussion about Karl Marx being related to the head the Phillips
 To his brush company. Okay. Yeah, do you remember the guy who founded Philips was basically cousins or second cousins of Karl Marx?
 And we had some you know, we joked about awkward conversation at family events about dental hygiene
 This would never have happened
 Marx wouldn't have had a socialist doctrine about healthy teeth because he believed
 Proper teeth is theft
 Okay
 Bit worrying that the actual bad joke got the best reaction from my car
 So far
 Chris ads if you read this out it'll be my hat trick three email sent and three read out and I can retire with a 100% success rate
 So congratulations, Chris you are free to stop listening to the podcast
 Bad luck for the rest of you
 Yeah, um, oh time for a picture
 Um, this is our bit about sleeping with the fishes uh, which is where people have been
 Dreaming dream. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So Thomas Lier actually it this is the dreaming one was called
 Be dream things can only get wetter
 I think sleep people the fishes with people who go to sleep while listening to fish. Yeah, that's right. Oh, that's such a good point
 Yeah, sorry, so this is be even rewrite the jingle now um, there's no jingle um
 Thomas and I've written your surname down wrong. So I'm really sorry. I think your surname is back
 But I can't remember for sure, but your first name is definitely Thomas
 With today being GCSE results day. Oh congratulations. Oh, sorry. Um, I woke up in a cold sweat due to a horrible nightmare
 Um, I'll just describe it before we see the actual thing right James and Andy were emalgamated into a hide a heinous creature
 And Dan wouldn't sit down which stressed me out greatly
 Anna wasn't physically present, but she haunted the narrative
 Uh, the good news is that I passed the bad news is I may never be able to look at James or Andy again now the exciting thing is
 Sometimes we get sent fan art and occasionally people send in like very clean-looking maybe AI fan art
 What you're about to see is not AI generated as far as I can tell
 Thomas writes I have attached an artistic rendition of the creature featuring standing Dan
 So let's have a look at it now if we can
 Oh
 That wow
 Wow, I know there you are Dan
 Very nice no sit only stand Thomas has written got a finishing word Thomas Beck. Yeah. Yeah. So there we go
 That's beautiful
 I like it. We should make that as a statue for the office
 Right cool. It's time for quick fire
 Because we're down to we guys were running out of time incredibly
 We're going to have to skip a skip a section. I'm so sorry. We're going to have to skip catfish corner
 Can we skip the bit where things are named after what no no that we have to get off that
 Um, I'll just point out ether. We're going to skip this image
 But uh, James is on to something says Naomi Rd the owner of the world's oldest cat says long life is down to feeding it only
 Bucks and spring water
 Sorry, not only bucks to what it says actually feeding that only Bucks and mineral water for the last decade
 Oh alongside lots of trees. Anyway, the cat is 31
 31
 No liar apparently equivalent to 146 human ears, which is just rubbish
 Anyway, whatever um right we're going to plow on to Dan's business suite
 Helen Terry writes just got back from an amazing trip to Santorini the views were awesome in every sense of the world
 We covered was Santorini recently on the Reese Darby episode. Yeah something else that inspired all was driving by a cafe in
 Borrio I think I actually gasped no one else in the car cared or had any idea why I was so excited
 It was closed for the summer, but it's a real place and it's doing incredible things the cafe is
 a Laurel and Hardy themed cafe in Santorini. Oh, I think we have a picture of it here
 Yep, it's got Laurel and Hardy written on it the insides are incredible. They're full of Laurel and Hardy clobber
 So if you stand in front of it, does it fall down and your head just pops up through?
 Yeah, it does it does look like it's flat and would do that
 You go in through the top window was down called into consult. Is he a silent investor? Dan once opened up
 I yeah, I helped open up. I was just part of the process a Laurel
 Cafe and a Hardy
 I can't remember which way it was now ice cream Piler in Kosovo back in 2003. Yeah
 And Laurel and Hardy statues were everywhere in Kosovo really
 I was in Kosovo this year and I can tell you those statues no longer exist
 So I don't know what I don't know if they had a moment like we did in this country where they just put them all in the river also
 I yeah, they're in the Epstein files law and already yeah
 Right look, we've got we've got to play on guys. We've got to play on to
 questions
 To an email from Louis Shankar
 He points out there is a company called Berrin Zomatic who make gas burner torches and other things that burn
 And they are named for their founder Otto Burns. That's right. It's time for the book. It's time for the name section Ethan played number three
 Another fucking name. That's not the name that you thought it was the name of please Andy
 That's the best one. Yeah, do you do to taste Joe who's been working on the jiggles edited out you say gonna shoot
 myself at the end of that
 That was the sentence I said after you gave me a different sentence to say for the jingle
 That wasn't the line. That was the outtake of me genuinely going Andy if you make me
 Oh, so there we go. Oh, we had an email from about bird's eye
 Which used to have a logo with a bird and its eye, but of course is named after Clarence bird's eye
 Yeah, okay, so that is an example of that for the book
 Yeah, but that interestingly that email came in from a guy at nomad foods
 Group head of category development whose name is mark bacon
 So what's going on there?
 Relatively covered surname. Yeah, he wants sort of food company. He's and he's on category development
 Which I don't need to explain to all you guys, but that's that's nominative determinism as opposed to
 Yes, I'm that's what I'm saying. We've got normative detainees and the birds I think for the book in the same email
 Oh, we're allowing that in the book because presumably the lurker is a bird's eye because no it's the next book
 It's no no sorry
 Mr. Baker's not getting in he's out, but the bird's eye is the logo because he's called Clarence bird's eye right yeah, so I don't think we can allow that in the book
 Yeah, sorry, I'm just checking what we've we've yeah, I know we have to do a thousand one of these
 Yeah, it's gonna be yeah, yeah, we're in injury time now. Let's just have um let's just have jingle number
 Four, please eat
 You be parking
 Just a good just good jingle didn't want to leave it on the table
 Is that it that's it
 Good
 With one minute to go with the shot that jiggle for my own personal use you certainly can of course, of course
 Huge thanks to Joe Mayo who's worked on a lot of these emails Joe
 Delilah leeing an etherne have all contributed massively to them. I'm doing the credits before the outro
 Sorry, right. Oh, let's crack on we got one last
 Point to make which is about Frank Hoffman. Do you want to see Frank's a massive egg that he found this?
 Of course
 Thought you might want to hear about a recent event in our backyard chicken coop get this
 Frank found a jumbo egg which was so big because it had another egg inside it
 Holy moly, isn't that I've really cut down the email by the way guys because it's a very detailed email. Isn't that nuts?
 Well, that is incredible. Yeah, this it turns out Frank brights is a very rare event caused by reverse peristalsus
 Sending the egg the wrong way
 Up goes back up I think oh and another egg forms around it and then it comes out. That's amazing. It's very rare says Frank no kidding
 That is a climax worth staying for I think look at that
 Oh
 Thank you. That's just a really big weird egg that we
 That wasn't really related to anything we do
 No, it shouldn't really be in the show, but I couldn't
 You're gonna leave that out. Yeah, no, come on. That's gold. Isn't that good?
 It's really wonderful actually
 All right, let's get a empty dumpty jingle and get out of here. So that's the that's good that's the end of the show everybody um
 Yeah, mix yeah, well
 Yeah, I think I think if Anna ever does get that time machine
 Maybe you should use it just to give them their hour back
 Um, how do we think it's been?
 Finley's happy
 Are you gonna do a proper wrap-up? Yeah, I'll do a proper wrap-up
 Right, so that's it for this episode of drop us a line what a fun experiment is being and that's why you do experiments sometimes
 They don't get published. Yeah, you have to publish your normal results. Yeah, it's very important in science. Absolutely
 No, this has been magical guys. Thank you so much for being here for the first of many live drop us a line experiences
 Uh, and if you have been affected by any of the issues
 Raised in this show just email podcast to qi.com. Maybe you've got an extreme fish
 Maybe you've maybe you've experienced a seamen squabble
 Maybe you want to get one of these guys on the hook. Maybe you're a rodeo clown. Maybe there's I'm just reading them all out now
 But whatever it is, please email it to podcast@qy.com. Yeah, or even if it's nothing to do with any of those things that it's just a big egg
 Why don't you send that in
 Yeah, you section big egg of the week. Yeah, that's part of it
 So thanks so much as always to Dan Anna and James um, who you know who've played really well
 All right, congrats to you. Thank you and the curating this all. Yeah
 So uh just nothing else would be to say really
 Uh, um, thank you and sorry I suppose um, thank you. Sorry and goodbye. Thanks everyone. See you next time. Bye
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 (upbeat music)
