 This is the bonus Monday episode where we put down our favorite facts from the last
 seven days and we go through your favorite facts.
 So we have gone through the inbox and Andy has picked out some of the best and I am now
 going to sit here with Anna Tashinsky and James Harkin and go through them.
 So who wants to start?
 Go on Anna.
 Thank you.
 I'm going to start with this one from John Cornell.
 Sorry, I said that with an American accent.
 I don't know if he's American.
 That's just because of the university.
 From John Cornell.
 Yes.
 Of course that was better.
 Of course.
 It might be a cocky barrel bite.
 We don't know.
 Exactly.
 Equally likely.
 And he said, I love this fact actually.
 Just came across this fact about the hoolly people of the hella province in Papua New
 Guinea and it is that the young boys of the hoolly tribe aren't considered real men until
 they've attended Wig School.
 And this is and he says and made either an ordinary or a ceremonial wig and then he specifies
 I'm not a real man sadly and that's okay.
 No judgment about not making a wig.
 Are you guys real men?
 I've never made a wig.
 Well, there you go.
 I don't think I've made a wig.
 No.
 You would remember I think.
 I don't know.
 I'm not a hairdresser.
 I feel like I helped them in a lot of stuff as a kid.
 I can imagine baby Dan sort of crawling around picking up all the discarded bits of hair from
 all the customers.
 Exactly.
 Weaving them into the little to be paid in the car.
 Presenting them to the customers when my parents are looking away and they never come back.
 And yeah, it's I'm sure that was a childhood thing.
 Yeah.
 I'm sure it was too.
 Funny how childhood did you have?
 Actually in the source that I read I think you guys might be men because it actually said
 that the oldest known tradition is whether boys learn the fundamentals of the hooly tradition
 which is how to grow their hair to make interwigs.
 And actually I think it's more about how to grow your hair in a wig like manner.
 I see.
 That's interesting because what would turn your hair into a wig like shape is constant
 haircuts so that it grew as part of a shape.
 You can't make one bit grow longer in the other just by thinking it.
 Well, you can, I think, according to maybe the hooly people.
 Wow.
 I think Dan you're making a judgment based on your own beliefs and I think these people
 say they believe that if you do think it and if you have the wig master who runs the school
 really think it.
 He's got the power to make your hair grow.
 I would argue actually that Dan was making a judgment based on physiology of human beings
 rather than his own beliefs.
 Well, that's just your opinion, James.
 Physiology of human beings is an existing factual thing.
 Anyway.
 Have you actually been away at the bake club for the last nine months?
 I've been at wig school and I hope you've noticed I've been thinking my hair into being
 longer.
 I'm a group of people in Peru.
 I think it's the guys on the lake on the Titicaca but it might not be those guys but anyway,
 to become a man you need to knit a bobble hat that is solid enough that you can carry water
 in it and once you've done that you go through because these are our rights of passage out
 there.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Why do bobble hats have to be so solid around like Tidacaca?
 Well, I don't know why they...
 But I've hit a lot.
 Yeah.
 No, really, I've worn one of those bobble hats that were late to Titicaca.
 Really?
 When I went to late to Titicaca, yeah.
 It's nice to say Titicaca.
 I know.
 It's the only reason you raise this fact I think you see it there.
 But yeah, I've got one of these hats and they're like just woolen hats with bobbles on
 the sides.
 Oh.
 But yeah, it's just part of the culture that you just have to learn how to do this and
 until you do it you can't grow up and that there's quite a lot of places to do things
 like that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But I think when you say bobble hat, where would you say the bobble has to be?
 On the top of that.
 On the top of that.
 Yeah, yeah.
 No, I agree with that.
 Yeah, but they believe it's on the side.
 Don't ask me their beliefs.
 Sorry.
 Very insulting.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Here is a fact from Charles Eckman, sorry, Charles Eckman.
 And it's a bit of a complicated one.
 So see if I can explain it where I might not be able to.
 But Charles says there is no such thing as a random number generator because there is
 no such thing as a random number.
 I see.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So basically saying that randomness is not a property that a number can have.
 If you roll a dice and you get a number four, you have managed to generate that in a random
 manner, but the number itself is not random.
 The number is just a number four.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 So what he's saying then is that you can have a random number generator, but not a random
 number generator.
 What would a random generator be though, surely anything?
 The generator is the dice, which generates, yeah, the number.
 So you can have a random number generator.
 So the number generator is the dice, which gives you the random, randomness, but you can't
 have a random number generator because randomness is not an adjective that you can put next
 to number in mathematics.
 No, no.
 Absolutely.
 I can see how you can have a random generator as well, and actually you can only use it
 as an adverb.
 Maybe you shouldn't be allowed to use random as an adjective at all.
 You just generate numbers randomly.
 Well, if you're a magician, you say pick a random card.
 That is a generator, the card system of which you're picking, right?
 It's a random generator.
 Yeah.
 Something that's doing it randomly.
 But the numbers will never be the random thing.
 I'm just trying to work out when you would ever use this email in real life context.
 And it does feel like it's been used.
 One person.
 Yeah.
 I don't think so, really.
 I think it's just a bit of pedantic mathematical stuff.
 Yeah.
 I think if the bar is when you're going to use stuff in a real life context, I think our
 podcast is completely dead, so it's not going to happen.
 The word "random" used to mean to run somewhere very fast and very ferociously.
 Uh-huh.
 And then it made...
 They had lots of different meanings, but in the 16th century, if you're on a ship and
 you're firing like a cannonball, a random firing would be the way that you would fire
 it to go the furthest.
 So that would be 45 degrees, basically.
 So if it said, ever said, fire in a random direction and you're on a 16th century vessel,
 you mustn't fire it in any direction, you must have fired it exactly 45 degrees.
 Oh, wow.
 This is why time travel is getting such trouble, don't they?
 They're making very bad naval officers.
 All right, let's get on to another one.
 This one comes from Moit Gray from Radium Hot Springs in British Columbia, Canada.
 The accent does not work.
 Anyway, Moit Gray says, "I am the mayor of Radium Hot Springs in British Columbia."
 Yeah.
 And I thought our town might have a little fact for little fish.
 The village is named after the nearby Hot Springs, which were renamed in 1915 after scientists
 discovered trace amounts of radon, a radioactive gas in the water.
 The levels are completely safe, but it does mean our town is now named after what is technically
 a mildly radioactive spa.
 Yeah, I don't know why they chop the radium in because Hot Springs is the town that I'd go to.
 Yes.
 I'm not taking my glasses off.
 This is very cool, because we've had lords write in.
 I don't think we've ever had any mayors from Canada writing before.
 This might be our first one.
 I think it's our first.
 I think that's really cool.
 I think also it's really cool.
 It's cool enough to be the mayor of somewhere, but to be the mayor of somewhere that has such
 a cool name.
 Yeah.
 Well done.
 Well done.
 That's a hell of a badge.
 It is really cool.
 And they have 1,339 residents there, as of the 2021 census.
 We wrote a book called One, Three, Three, Nine Facts.
 Exactly.
 So, if you lived, if you're listening and you're from radium Hot Springs, you could assign
 a fact from that book to every single one of the members of your area.
 That's very cool.
 When that be cool.
 And every time a baby's born, you have to kill an old person.
 Yes, it has to be a swap.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Pass the fact off.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So Andy sends round the facts that he's curated from the inbox, isn't he?
 He sends them to us and he said this one.
 This is from Gary Randall.
 So he thinks that this is specifically good for you just before you read it out.
 Not necessarily for me.
 You'll see why I've dragged Andy into this though.
 So this fact is that Avril is a French name that means April.
 And Levine is a French surname which actually means the fool because it comes from a name
 that means someone living near a playhouse or an occupational name for a jester.
 So that's Levine.
 So Avril Levine is actually April fool.
 Oh.
 That's very good.
 That's very nice.
 But wait.
 Andy.
 I looked into it.
 Oh.
 It's not true.
 Andy.
 He sees how many you on Andy's have.
 It's an April fool.
 It's an April fool.
 In fact, about April fool.
 Really?
 And Andy has, yeah, Levine doesn't mean the fool.
 Levine just means the vein.
 The fool, the fool.
 The fool.
 Well, yeah.
 But I mean, it could have been a year-old thing.
 Oh, yeah.
 But it's not.
 Someone's made up a clever trick.
 And who sent that in?
 Someone called Gary Randall who I believe is either Gary Randall's been tricked or Andrew
 Hunter Murray's been tricked, but let the record show that I haven't been tricked.
 Good.
 Good to have you back.
 I wonder when it was sent, if it was sent at the beginning of April, as in.
 Oh, yeah.
 I wonder what day it hit the inbox.
 I had a look at the inbox and it's not there.
 So I think Andy might have a secret channel because it isn't in our main inbox.
 All right.
 Do you think Andy's done this to trick us?
 He could be the tricker.
 Oh, my God.
 Andy is Gary Randall.
 Is that a nanogram?
 Wow.
 Andy.
 Andy.
 Andy.
 Yeah, it's got Rand.
 It's got Andy in it.
 It does.
 Andy.
 Guarral.
 Guarral.
 Guarral.
 Andy girl.
 It's Andy girl.
 Yeah.
 Because we know he loves that for Levine.
 Do we?
 Yeah.
 Andy girl.
 Can I make it any more obvious?
 Jesus.
 OK.
 That is very interesting, actually.
 Great stuff.
 Do you remember Andy fell for a April Fool's trick on this very show?
 Not on this show, on our main show.
 For, yeah.
 Which was the elephants inventing the road system in the south of England.
 Yeah.
 That was good.
 Wasn't it?
 What was the claim that they'd trampled the grass down or something into it?
 All of the roads in the south of England are based on old animal tracks made by elephants.
 Yeah.
 Oh, can we lay into Andy some more?
 If he was planning to fool us, this is very much backfired, hasn't it?
 OK.
 Well, that was a bad prediction by him if he did that.
 And here is another fact about a bad prediction from Matt Birch.
 And he has found the worst prediction ever made by scientists.
 And that is that the calculation for the energy density of a vacuum, because their prediction
 exceeded the observed value by about 120 orders of magnitude.
 An order of magnitude would be 10 times more, two orders of magnitude, 100 times more.
 This was 120 orders of magnitude.
 They got it wrong.
 And the difference is so big according to Matt that if you said that the universe contains
 one atom, you would be about 40 orders of magnitude out with that, because there's one
 to the power of 40.
 And this was 120, do you say?
 Yeah, yeah.
 So that's three times worse than you saying there's only one atom in the universe.
 Yeah, we've all made mistakes, come on.
 Yeah.
 I've got another mistake here.
 This is from 1992 from the president of Sri Lanka, who was called Rana Singa Pramadasa.
 And he spoke to soothsayers who said that by changing the country's name to Sri Lanka,
 instead of Sri Lanka, he would improve the country's fortune.
 And so he did that and he was assassinated the following year and the former spelling
 was restored.
 But did the country's fortune improve?
 I mean, that's his fault.
 It didn't say anything about improving his fortune.
 That's true.
 That's the thing with these soothsayers.
 Yeah.
 They always tell you the truth, but you think that they're not telling you the truth.
 Yeah.
 You've got to read the small print.
 Always, for the soothsayer.
 Yeah.
 Well, while we're on names of places, here's an email that we got from David Croy, who
 says, "Today, I learned that North, South Carolina, is in the center of the state.
 Why?"
 Because it's named after John North.
 Jesus.
 Put it in the book.
 Great.
 He says.
 The bit where it says, "Put it in the book," was that Andy adding a little comment?
 It's different font.
 Yeah.
 So.
 That's weird.
 Yeah.
 This was named after a guy called John North, who in 1891 was part of the Southbound Railroad
 that came through the area.
 He was an assistant on that.
 And then he donated 100 acres to the area and then it got named after him and he also became
 the very first elected mayor of North, South Carolina.
 Very cool.
 Very nice.
 A very mere centric episode we've got today.
 And actually, I've got a related fact that I got sent from Lucy Frey.
 Oh, yeah.
 And this is that in my town, she says, in my town of Los Alamos, New Mexico, there's a pond
 downtown named Ashley Pond and it is named after Ashley Pond.
 As in the surname is Pond.
 Either her surname is Pond, yeah.
 But the pond is called Pond.
 What is Andy doing?
 Why?
 He's not even here.
 He's not here.
 What are we doing?
 Why did I read my one out that led into your one?
 Samuel Donaldson of Christchurch, New Zealand writes, "One of the few tall buildings still
 in Christchurch after the earthquake is the height building named after James Height."
 Officially the Pouacca James Height building, her Pouacca be married for the Rachel Starcluster.
 Really good.
 Okay.
 What is he doing?
 This guy has taken us on a ride.
 This is bullshit.
 Check this one out.
 This is from Jim Condliff.
 This is etymology rather than a fact, but I think it's also a brand new fact, says Jim.
 Oh, that's nice.
 We always like those.
 Yeah.
 You know, when you have an amorous moment, people might say, "Andy got off with Dan's sister."
 What?
 What?
 That's what it says.
 This is Andy's weird way of telling you this under the pseudonym.
 What's going on?
 What was the rest of the fact?
 Why is he saying that?
 Why is Andy seeing an email like that and sending that to me?
 Okay.
 He says, "Why do we say get off with?"
 I believe I can explain.
 So Jim says, "I work for a local newspaper and in our archives from 100 years ago, we
 had paternity cases where a man would have to pay for his illegitimate child's upkeep.
 The court would possibly hear that nine months before the baby's arrival, the couple went
 to a dance in a nearby town riding on a cart chartered for this purpose.
 On the way home, beer and lust would take over and said couple would prevail upon the
 carto to let them off at a secluded spot.
 So the idea to get off with is get off the cart."
 I see.
 Yeah.
 And that literally is.
 Okay.
 That's the connection that Jim is making.
 I agree.
 It's not very strong.
 And I think Andy only included it so that he could put the image of him making out with
 my sister into my mind.
 Andy, you've been seen, mate.
 You've got time for one more, Anna?
 One from Martha King.
 Yes, please.
 She says, "This is the funniest fact she's found out recently.
 Get ready.
 Hold on to your bridges."
 The first two original Thomas the Tank Engine books, The Fat Controller, was called The
 Fat Director.
 It's not the end of the fact.
 The reason was that, after the first two episodes or the first two editions, the railways
 were nationalized and the bureaucracy was rejigs and director became controller.
 So that's why his name was changed from director to controller.
 Just called Mr. Topham Hat now, because you're not allowed to say Fat Controller anymore.
 Yeah.
 I would say that I preemptively look this up, because I read a lot of Thomas the Tank
 Engine, which by the way is so full of weird old railway jargon that it's very hard to
 read to a young toddler.
 But I knew my mum was going to come along and say, "Isn't it ridiculous?
 You're not allowed to call him that anymore?"
 So I googled it to check, and it's not true.
 What?
 Yeah, yeah, you're totally logical.
 He just happens to have been called Mr. Topham Hat in some American editions, I think,
 but like modern editions happily call him The Fat Controller.
 Yeah, yeah, there was never a whole bit of that on the SNL last week.
 Well, they're incorrect in the phrase.
 Who knew that SNL was not a very rigorously-resourced academic fact-based show?
 Do you guys remember that we happen to know one of the Sir Topham hats out there, one of
 the Fat Controllers?
 Oh, something's ringing your bell, but it's...
 So you know, when if a kid writes in to somewhere that has a fictional character, sometimes
 someone is assigned to be the official person and they'll write back or they'll do
 certain things for them.
 Yeah, we know a former one, which was Craig Glenday, the current editor-in-chief of The
 Guinness World Records.
 Yeah.
 Wait, so what did he do?
 He wrote in as a kid to Thomas the Tank Engine and said, "Can I be the Fat Controller?"
 No, no.
 I just did this.
 Quite the opposite, in fact.
 Think about the exact opposite of what you've just said, and that's true.
 Thomas the Tank Engine wrote to Craig Glenday, saying, "Warm up."
 Can I be the Guinness World Records, Craig?
 Sorry, look, feel free to explain off there.
 Yeah, I'm sure the listeners got it.
 The kids were right to the Fat Controller and Craig would reply.
 I see.
 As the Fat Controller.
 As the Fat Controller.
 As the Fat Controller.
 Yeah, that's the Rotem's Manager.
 That's really cool.
 Makes more sense, that way, doesn't it?
 It does make more sense.
 Yeah.
 Okay, well, that's it for your facts for today, but before we wrap up the show, we have to
 dish out some headline facts to our latest custodians.
 So, if you join Club Fish, or Secret Members Club, and you join the highest to your friend
 of the podcast, you will become the custodian of one of the headline facts from our 12 years
 of doing fish.
 And so, here are eight more custodians to hand out now.
 James, do you want to start?
 Yes, this one is now under the custodianship of Christa Hill.
 And Christa, your fact, is that Finland's parliament sometimes makes decisions in the
 sauna, sauna, sauna, sauna.
 Yeah, that's, I mean, playing up to national stereotypes, as usual.
 How big is the sauna?
 Like, how big is their parliament?
 Isn't it hundreds?
 Oh, hundreds.
 As in, like, 650 like we have in ours.
 Yeah.
 We have a very bloated government.
 We need a massive sauna in the UK, wouldn't we?
 Yeah, I bet.
 They're very slimmed down the Finnish people.
 I bet they've only got sort of four people in their parliament.
 Right.
 I don't know how many they have.
 That would be British equivalent.
 Like, do it make all your decisions in leather spoons?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 They might be better ones.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It wasn't try, kid.
 In a calf.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 In a calf.
 Yeah.
 Very cool.
 And soreners are there.
 I mean, when we did this fact, I think we found out that during war times, you know, generals
 would bring their unportable sauna as well.
 Like, it's just, it's huge in the culture.
 It is.
 It's absolutely massive.
 So anywhere in Finland without seeing a sauna.
 Yeah.
 That's for sure.
 You've been.
 How many dreams to Finland?
 Yeah, for sure.
 Did you have a sauna?
 Did I have a sauna when I was in Finland?
 I feel like I must have done that.
 I reckon when we did this fact, how many years ago it was, I'd never had a sauna in my life,
 but certainly now I have had saunas.
 Yeah.
 You've changed, man.
 I know.
 I know, man.
 Just slightly warmer than I was all those years ago.
 Okay.
 Let's do another one.
 Well, this is for Mike Smith.
 Here you are, Mike Smith.
 You have to guard this fact with your life.
 In British electoral history, eight candidates have won no vote at all in a general election.
 There you go.
 Eight candidates, Mike Smith.
 I want you to guard that.
 Memorise their names.
 Wasn't one of them someone who, in fact, maybe more than one of them were people who lived
 in that constituency and didn't even vote for themselves.
 Yes, you're right.
 That's politeness, isn't it?
 Because on the off-chance, someone recognises your handwriting or how you do a cross and
 they're like, "Oh, my God.
 They voted for themselves.
 I'm embarrassing."
 I think, if I was playing games at Christmas time or something and you had to vote for someone,
 I would naturally not vote for myself.
 In some kind of voting game, you wouldn't vote for yourself.
 You'd always vote for someone else because it feels a bit icky to vote for yourself.
 I kind of games you play at Christmas time.
 We're democracy games.
 We play like a part of entry game where we take one of the members of World War II and then
 we make our arguments about why or why not the war should occur.
 You don't do that?
 Consequently, James is Prime Minister in the Harkin House of all things.
 Are you kidding me?
 You've met all of my family.
 How far up the pick it all?
 Did you think I have it that far, Lee?
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 Okay, let's get another one here.
 This fact is going out to Gellgo de Brecht-Zenny, and the fact is, the final McDonald's burger
 ever sold in Iceland can be watched decomposing on a webcam.
 Very cool.
 Now I have seen that.
 I must say.
 Yeah.
 And it's Iceland, the country.
 Iceland, the country.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it was, I don't know if it's still there, actually, but it was in a hotel.
 It was like, even if you weren't standing in a hotel, you could just go, because I think
 it was in the lobby and you could just sort of see this big mac.
 Wow.
 There's under like a glass thing.
 Yeah.
 That's insane.
 They should just leave it in one of the bedrooms, and then everyone who gets that room goes in
 and goes, um, sorry, the cleaner house had been in.
 There seems to be a perfectly good big mac here.
 I mean, half of a perfectly good big mac.
 Yeah.
 I mean, how desperate would you have to be after a night out, so look at that and go,
 it's probably still okay.
 I'd have to have had at least two drinks.
 It would be you, though.
 It's over 100%.
 Do you remember when we did our life tour?
 I had as a whole of famer come onto the stage.
 The man who decided to livestream a random puddle that had appeared in the road.
 Mr. Puddle.
 I remember on the day watching it myself, you know, we were just watching a random person,
 not realise how big the puddle was and either get into it or just wild, wild of life streaming.
 That was the level of celebrity we had on our live show, so I found out if you missed it.
 Okay.
 This next fact is under the custodianship of Callin, C-A-L-I-N.
 Callin, your fact is that in 1851, Prince Albert commissioned a ballroom for Balmoral Castle
 made entirely of corrugated iron.
 And I remember this episode so well because John Lloyd was on the show.
 Yeah.
 And he got so into corrugated iron.
 He hasn't stopped talking about it since.
 Oh, my goodness.
 It was intense.
 It was like, he just managed to get almost everything in the universe and then pulled it
 rounds to corrugated iron.
 He's like, did you know the shape of the universe must be a bit like corrugated iron?
 Yes.
 Because of the stiffness.
 So it's like, oh, my God.
 I feel like I remember the thunk of his research notes hitting the table.
 It was such a thick, what was that John's first ever show?
 I think it was.
 I think that might have been.
 No, it wasn't.
 It was in the wall.
 He was in a football special.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 Yeah, I can't remember exactly what it's called, but it was like miraculous theorem or
 something that if you get something flat like a piece of paper, if you hold it at the end,
 it kind of flops down.
 But if you bend it into a u-shape, it stays stiff.
 And it's basically why if you fold pizza, it won't flop over before it goes in your mouth.
 And I literally tell my daughter that fact every single Sunday when we buy her a pizza
 at the farmer's market.
 And I say, did you know that if you fold it here, it will make it stiff again.
 You've changed, man.
 Buying pizza at the farmer's market.
 That's what we're pizza.
 I have changed in that sense, but I haven't changed in the sense I have extremely tedious
 about my fancy people.
 Anna?
 Yep.
 This one's with Brian Hess, no relation to other Hesses you might know.
 As far as we know.
 As far as we know.
 No.
 And here's a fact for you, Brian.
 In the 19th century, Sadler's World Theatre in London was routinely flooded to stage fake
 naval battles.
 So good.
 Yeah.
 These were incredible.
 Theatre used to be more fun.
 You weren't, and you were told you had to wear your swimming stuff when you bought the ticket.
 Really?
 I forget that, do you say?
 Oh.
 Sorry.
 You could be immersive.
 It could be.
 I know.
 It could be literally immersive.
 They also had horses as well on stage, didn't they?
 There's nothing I remember.
 Running on treadmills.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Which is what, what an illusion of scaryness that you would have.
 It's like a 3D movie.
 I would argue it's not really an illusion of scaryness.
 It's just scary.
 Yeah.
 It's scary.
 Here's another one now for Adrian Carter.
 Adrian Carter, your fact is that the practice of dog owners pretending they haven't seen their
 dog having a poo is technically known as strategic non-knowledge.
 That's fantastic.
 That's fantastic.
 It's fantastic.
 That's great.
 That's great.
 That's great.
 That's great.
 That's great.
 I like the technically word.
 I'd forgotten that fact, but in what official dictionary, which experts, there must be a paper
 about it, right?
 There must be.
 It must be.
 And he's not made that up.
 No, exactly.
 And he wouldn't do something like that.
 Oh, I don't know.
 Technically, he's doing a lot of work there, I think, in an anti-fax.
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 There's technically a giant kettle called Jenny.
 It's just a big building that heats water.
 That's not a kettle, mate.
 Yeah.
 It plays it fast and loose.
 Hey, you know, when I wasn't on the show last week, were you slagging me off in the same way
 that you're slagging Andy off here?
 No.
 So what's going on here?
 No, but you weren't trying to get off with my sister in the house.
 Okay.
 Is it my turn?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Then this fact now goes out to Amanda and Amanda.
 Your fact is that instead of being one of the founders of the USA, Benjamin Franklin almost
 stayed in Britain to founder swimming school on the Thames.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is a cracker.
 I spent a time wandering London, got really into swimming.
 He did.
 It was, I think I remember the location where it was, not from the time, from reading about it.
 Yeah.
 Was it near his house?
 Because his house was quite near the old QI office.
 Yeah, that's right.
 It was near a backman.
 So, yeah.
 It's still a museum now.
 So you can go, you can find it with a blue plaque on the outside, but you can actually
 go inside and it's cool.
 That's cool.
 You wouldn't want to swim in the Thames there now because it's too fast flowing.
 When I think it's probably cleaner than it was then, I reckon, because the Thames has improved
 quite a lot in cleanliness over the years.
 But they put in extra bridges, which makes the water flow quicker, because there's like
 the arches that the water has to kind of squeeze through.
 And now it's like doing wild water rapids.
 Well, compared to the in those days, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like if Benjamin Franklin jumped in the Thames now, you'd have to fish him out and follow
 him or something.
 So the way it goes.
 Yep.
 You've done that right?
 God.
 I've actually been doing so long working this out, but remember when you and I rode on the
 Thames and they were teaching us how to do it and you would have to go, you'd be next to
 this factory or something and you'd have to, like, row for half a mile or something, whatever
 it was.
 And you rode to the other end and then they were explaining to you, like, okay, this is
 what you did.
 This is what you have to improve.
 Okay.
 And then when you turn around, you're exactly back where you started.
 So the water is just taking you all the way back there and you're like, the amount of
 effort I put in to get to that point and now I'm back where I started.
 And that's why in the Olympics, they never stopped to have chats today.
 Let's have a team talk, team talk, heads together, although do you remember there was one
 row or in the early days, I'm not sure if it was Olympics, but there was a race where he
 was winning by so much there was some ducks went past and he could stop and let the ducks
 cross the river.
 Yeah.
 And then carried on going and still walking.
 Yeah, that's right.
 I, having mentioned John Lloyd earlier, I once was having a coffee with John and
 we were sitting and the view was the tens and we're mid-chat and he suddenly just went, oh
 look, it's Bill Bayley.
 And I looked out and on a paddle board standing in the tens was Bill just waving at us.
 Oh, John.
 That's hard.
 It feels in keeping with who he is.
 That's amazing.
 He must have been there every day for like six years hoping that John Lloyd would turn up.
 Let's have one.
 I think for them, it's the wrong way, isn't it?
 Is it?
 Because for them, we've got to be going westward westward, don't be right in, don't be so
 right.
 All right.
 Let's have one more.
 This is a fact for Edelith.
 Edelith, your fact is Sumo wrestling referees carry a knife so that if they make a bad decision
 during a match, they can kill themselves.
 Yeah.
 Do you remember that?
 Yeah.
 I think that was one of my facts and I think they don't do it anymore.
 Yeah, right.
 I think.
 I don't think there have been any modern fatalities anyway.
 It's probably more ceremonial as a concept, right?
 Yeah.
 Sumo wrestlers and Benjamin Franklin, I feel like those were two quite heavy friends of the
 podcast that we've not visited much.
 Literally heavy, because yeah, that's very funny.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, we used to do, we used to do Sumo's a fair chunk, I think, back in the day.
 And Franklin.
 Yeah.
 We need to bring him back.
 Oh, he's a rich vein, Franklin.
 It's weird that we raise Sumo wrestlers so much.
 That feels like your influence.
 Yeah.
 I mean, we of course only record one of these every week, which we do about 10 minutes before
 it goes out.
 So not to break the illusion, but I have a feeling, looking at my notes, there might be a Sumo
 wrestler fact in next week's show, where we record next week, of course.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Is it that Benjamin Franklin was once a Sumo wrestler?
 It's not.
 And you might also find I have a feeling that Andy might be away next week as well.
 A lot holidays, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Well, okay.
 What a great tease to end the show on.
 Let's tune into next week's little fish to hear about Sumo wrestlers.
 Well done to everyone who is now a custodian of one of our facts.
 That is Edelith, Amanda, Adrian, Brian, Kaelin, GERGO, Mike and Krista.
 And if you want to have your fact featured on the show, podcast@ky.com, send them in.
 Andy goes through the emails.
 He picks out the ones most relevant to him and his life and his interests.
 And he hands them to us to read out.
 And so, yeah, do send them.
 We love reading them out.
 And if you do want your own fact to be a custodian of, you just have to go to patreon.com/clubfish
 and join the highest here, friend of the podcast.
 There's a lot of great other things that we do in clubfish that do check it out generally.
 Otherwise, come back on Friday for big fish.
 We'll see you then.
 Until then, for me, Anna and James, it's goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
