 [nodding sound]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden also coming to you from the morning
 after the 2017 British General Election.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Ani Chazinski, James Harkin, and Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Andrew Hunter Murray, so I'm tired.
 Andrew Hunter.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Ani Chazinski, James Harkin, and Andrew Hunter Murray.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last night, the evening of the election.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Hey Dan, you sound a bit tired.
 I'm very tired.
 But which one of us stayed up the latest and the longest?
 Well, the problem was, I didn't watch it on TV.
 I think all of us stayed watching it on TV.
 We made the mistake of watching it on plus one, so you got even less sleep than the rest of us.
 We watched it on my iPhone in bed with the lights off.
 My left eye, which did all the watching, because my right eye was in a pillow, is really
 twitching right now.
 But because it's on the left, it'll be very happy with the results.
 Okay, starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 Yeah, my fact is the really relevant to this result fact, all forfeited election deposits
 go straight to the queen.
 And this is just the thing I found out.
 I was reading the Electoral Commission Guide for Returning Officers, as you do in an exciting
 time like this.
 You've got to do exciting things.
 And yeah, there was just a rule in it.
 It's like for returning officers.
 So for anyone, internationally listening returning officers are the people who are responsible
 in every constituency for like, organising and announcing the election.
 And this is the long guide, as to exactly how they go about doing that.
 What it says in the guide is, if a candidate does not poll more than 5% of the total number
 of valid votes cast, that deposit will be forfeited, you must send any forfeited deposits
 to her majesty.
 So the deposits are £500, that people put up if they want to be an MP, again for international
 listeners.
 And then if you get under 5%, you fall for the deposit, but I didn't realise it went
 to her majesty.
 I can't find anything else about this online.
 It's amazing though.
 In 2010, you kept alone lost £229,000 in deposits.
 No way.
 Wow.
 And the green party lost £163,500.
 Of course it is.
 No wonder the Queen's so rich.
 Yeah, no.
 In 2010, there was about a million pounds in lost deposits.
 That is a lot.
 It is a lot.
 Wow.
 The idea of this deposit is to stop frivolous campaigns, isn't it?
 Yeah, but it does a very good job.
 I think the Monterey from Looney Party would agree.
 In 1983, they had a look at this, the Home Affairs Committee to see if it was, you know,
 if it was too much and if it was stopping poorer people from running.
 And they kind of thought, well, maybe it is, but actually it's worth it because for your
 500 quid, even if you lose, you get free postage for your campaign address and you get free
 use of buildings for public meetings and you get a great deal of publicity, they said.
 So almost the 500 quid is worth it.
 And they actually recommended it should be up to £1,000.
 Oh, really?
 But it never was.
 Well, I might just enter a not even campaign just for the sake of getting some publicity
 for myself and some free buildings.
 We're going to enter you, weren't we?
 Because you live in the same constituency as Jeremy Corbyn, but he did quite well in the
 swan didn't he?
 So you could have swung it out.
 I could have.
 Are they saying that he did the best that any politician has ever done?
 He got the highest.
 He didn't, he didn't win at the election, but in his constituency.
 Yeah, he got the highest ever vote in isn't enough.
 Wow.
 Which is the smallest constituency.
 I didn't know.
 It's also mine.
 So I had a personal interest in that.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 It's a smallest package.
 Do you know what the largest one is?
 No, what?
 It's Ross, Sky and Lock Arbor in Scotland, which is 1,632 times larger than Islington North.
 Really?
 Yeah, huh.
 And so I worked that out and I worked out that if Jeremy Corbyn's allotment was increased
 by that amount, then it would be the size of the Vatican city.
 Wow.
 Maybe it will be now.
 Just on the Queen very quickly, so overseas listeners might not know this, but the Queen's
 not allowed to vote in these elections.
 She is allowed to vote.
 Of course she just doesn't.
 Sorry, she chooses not to, and every, every one of...
 She doesn't care.
 But these are real problems in this country.
 It goes right up to the top.
 Right?
 Because she's old.
 You know, you'd think she would care more.
 Of course, she doesn't want the votes to go higher, because she wants this delicious money
 from the last department.
 Exactly.
 But also...
 So sorry, you've just got 4.999% of the vote in the constituency.
 See the Queen going, yes.
 But she spends most of her time in these periods, and for the referendum and so on, just denying
 that she has an opinion, which I love.
 Every single royal member just seems to spend their whole period any time they're mentioned
 in the press in these periods, denying that what they've said is, in some way, alluding
 to an opinion about what way people should vote for it.
 But they can have opinions on things like catch up or mayonnaise, or, you know, do you
 prefer a buzzcut or long hair?
 They're just not supposed to have political views.
 Yes, no, exactly.
 But not any opinion.
 I've obviously been...
 Have you heard of Prince Charles?
 Consistently raised to everyone who will...
 He has been leaked, aren't they?
 He hasn't openly done that.
 He doesn't know that.
 That reminds me of the Emperor of Japan, Akihito, who's not allowed to give any opinions
 on politics at all, not even just in elections, just never ever, and it's in the constitution
 that comes from the end of the Second World War.
 And so he wasn't allowed to abdicate.
 He wasn't allowed to say, "I want to abdicate," he had to kind of do an announcement alluding
 to the fact that he might want to, and then people had to kind of infer from what he said
 that he wanted to abdicate.
 So, wink, wink.
 That stuff, wow.
 Pretty tight.
 You didn't...
 You may have not seen that in the news last night, but they passed that he is now allowed
 to abdicate.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, yeah.
 I was in the news last night, hope.
 Oh, I didn't see that.
 Yeah.
 But on, like, process, weird election, an electoral process, if it's a tie, it comes down to a coin
 to us, which obviously never happens, but there was that guy in Anne's constituency, so one
 of our colleagues Anne used to live up North, and it's in North East 5, and I think the person
 who won was an S.M.P candidate who won by two votes this morning, right?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Two votes.
 Wow.
 Oh, my God.
 So that's just one person, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Putting the X in the wrong body.
 Exactly.
 Did you guys see the Green Party candidate from...
 Ashfield?
 No.
 Okay, so his name's Aaron Rangy.
 He had to leave the count as it was going on because he had to get home to get some sleep
 because he has an A-level history exam at nine o'clock this morning, so he's 18 years
 old.
 He's the Green Party candidate, and it just got too late for him, so I can't stay for the
 final count.
 Got my exam.
 They should let you off having a history exam if you're making history.
 Yes.
 I'll see definitely did in the Green Party.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I'd take it he won the seat presumably, right?
 I have no idea.
 No, I mean, he didn't win the seat.
 Okay.
 You know the deposit thing that we were starting off with, did you know it used to be a lot
 harder?
 So, until I think 1918, or definitely in 1918, it was £150 that you had to put up, but
 obviously that was a lot more money then.
 Yeah.
 It was about...
 Yeah.
 And you had to win 12.5% of the vote, otherwise you would forfeit your deposit, so it was a much
 higher barrier.
 Another place you need to get 12.5% is in Japan, and do you know how much the Japanese deposit
 is that you have to pay?
 No.
 It's 3 million yen, which is the equivalent of £21,064, and you need 12.5%.
 But then they don't get all those hilarious fringe candidates that can entertain them during
 a tedious campaign, right?
 I suppose not, unless they're extremely rich.
 Very wealthy ones.
 Yeah.
 Just another thing on, on process.
 If you...
 I really think, I think process was a big winner in this election, don't you?
 It was certainly what I voted for, I just wrote it in my box.
 I love that I'm doing this, the way I'm doing it.
 So I didn't realise that actually, as long as you make your intention clear on the ballot
 paper, then your vote counts, so I thought you had to do a cross or maybe a tick.
 But if you draw a penis, as long as it's within the lines of the candidate in whose box
 you've drawn a penis, it does count as a vote.
 And so there was, for instance, there was a Tory MP, Glenn Davis in 2015, who held onto
 the Montgomeryshire constituency in Wales, and he personally thanked the person who voted
 for him by drawing a penis in his box.
 But it sort of depends how you feel about penises, doesn't it?
 You're right.
 So do you think...
 When people call you a dick, Andy, do you look at them and think, "Yeah, but he probably
 likes dick."
 Actually, on that spoiling vote thing, in the last British election 2015, there were 97,870
 spoiled votes, right?
 The last time the Gambia had an election, there were two really spoiled ballots in the whole
 country.
 What?
 Because the Gambian voting system is really cool.
 If you've got three candidates, you have three buckets next to each other, you've got
 three barrels next to each other, and they've got a little shoot at the top, and you push...
 You get given a marble, and you push the marble through the little shoot at the top, and
 it dings a bell, so everyone can hear it.
 So how do you spoil your vote?
 Now, do you put your penis in there?
 To spoil your vote.
 You have to balance a marble on top of the barrel, and only two people did it in the whole
 country.
 No, that's a fraction.
 Yeah, what?
 You kidding?
 That's incredible.
 It's a great system.
 They've had the system since the '60s.
 It really works for them.
 If you spoil your ballot by putting your penis in the tube, then the electoral guy comes
 along and goes, "Do you like penises, though?"
 The bell keeps going, "Ling-ling-ling-ling-ling."
 That's actually more akin to the word ballot, isn't it, because ballot comes from, I think,
 a word that means little ball, because it used to be that you actually put a ball into
 a box.
 That's right.
 I think so.
 We can start thinking about moving on.
 Yeah, shall we?
 What should we move on?
 That's a lot more stuff to say, one process, I know.
 So much process.
 I do like the first ballot box.
 It's just got more presents.
 I know you said it in just, that's really hoping to move on.
 Look, this is a great fact, guys.
 It's not all about this election.
 The first ever secret ballot when it was introduced in the UK was in 1872, and the seal
 of the first ballot box was made with a licorice stamp, so there are famous licorices
 in the UK that are called Pontifract Licorices, and they're like black sweets, and they have
 a stamp on them, which says Pontifract Licorice has a picture of Pontifract Castle, and when
 they had to close the first ballot box in 1872, they had to whip one over.
 It was in Pontifract, so they got one of those stamps over from Pontifract, and they stamped
 it with a licorice stamp, so...
 That's really cool.
 That's very cool.
 ...liquish logo on it.
 That's a good process.
 Great process, guys.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that only one political party in this 2017 election offered to do anything
 about yetis.
 Oh, did they get your votes?
 I didn't.
 I've only found out about it too late.
 Yeah.
 What's the party?
 The party goes by a number of names, actually.
 It's sort of formally, as its main headline name known as "Church of the militant Elvis Party."
 It's also known as the "Buspass Elvis Party."
 Oh, yeah, those ones.
 This year they ran under the title "Elvis" and the Yeti Himalayan Preservation Party.
 So there is a common theme that runs through their names, isn't it?
 Yes.
 Party.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so the guy who was running is a guy called David Bishop, aka Lord Biro, and he was
 promising this year that if they were voted in that he would do stuff about the potential
 threats from North Korea and launching missiles, because if they miss-launched missile in
 the wrong direction, it might hit Tibet and harm Yetis.
 So that was his protection policy that he wants to get in on.
 And he actually was stepping down.
 He said he was going to step down completely and then did his own personal eutern on it
 because Theresa May called a general election when he thought I'm not going to be in
 a fit state in a few years to come.
 But then he said when he heard that Mick Jagger was going on tour again this autumn, he thought,
 OK, I can run to.
 And so actually this snap election has been bad news for these kind of slightly unusual candidates.
 They've not been really able to organize things very quickly.
 There was a guy who had the rebooting democracy party.
 He's standing in Cambridge and he's got this idea that he wants to change democracy, make
 it more direct.
 He wanted to fight all 650 seats in the election, but due to the snap election, he was only
 able to get into one.
 But his idea is to go into sortition, which is basically that everyone randomly gets chosen
 as an MP.
 So rather than people becoming career MPs and deciding they want to work their way up into
 Parliament, you basically, it's like jury-duty, you get chosen.
 And they did that in ancient Greece.
 It's called air-sortition.
 Right.
 There's quite an old type of democracy.
 So they put all our names in a hat and then they just pick it out.
 Just pick it out and they go, you're an MP.
 Great.
 And did that go well for ancient Greece?
 Are they still doing that today?
 Yeah.
 The reason is it's called ancient Greece.
 This guy, Lord Biro, he actually 2014 in a by-election in Nottingham, he got 67 votes.
 One of his campaign promises were that he was going to try and get OAPs, a 30% discount
 at brothels.
 He got more votes in that by-election than the Lib Dems.
 Is it possible that they misheard and thought he was talking about Brussels?
 Because brothels bureaucracy is what we need to stand up.
 Well, here's the other thing you might have liked him, actually Andy, because one of
 his other--
 I'm getting on.
 One of his other policies was that he wanted to protect public toilets from being wiped out.
 So why does that be like public toilets?
 I just remember, ages ago, we were talking about public toilets, and you had a big thing
 about your fury of the high-street public toilet being wiped out.
 Well, a lot of them have been cut, and yeah, and it is a substantial problem for people.
 If you're trying to get around, you need to access to a public toilet as loads of people
 do, and you don't want to go into a restaurant or a cafe or something, because often they're
 snippy about letting you use their lose.
 And it's a massive problem.
 That's actually a problem.
 Exactly.
 And the fact that you have to pay for it a lot as well.
 Exactly.
 So in some American cities, they have laws, I think, now that you're not allowed to charge
 for going to the toilet, or at least they're trying to get them in.
 Yeah.
 So it is a big, big surface.
 It is.
 And Lord Murrow's on the case.
 Lord has been talking about it.
 This whole campaign.
 It's not been Brexit.
 Brexit.
 Process.
 Process.
 Brussels.
 Brussels.
 Brussels.
 These weird candidates.
 Yeah.
 So Lord Buckethead has been a big character in the election.
 He's incredible.
 He or someone dressed like him has been standing on and off since 1987.
 No.
 Yeah.
 He first stood against Thatcher.
 Yeah.
 And he stood against Thatcher in 1987 with a promise to destroy Birmingham and replace it
 with a starbase.
 And he stood in this election saying we should defer the decision on whether to destroy
 Birmingham and replace it with a starbase until 2022, at least.
 So you were implying there, I think, that perhaps it's not the same Mr. Buckethead every,
 is it like Dr. Who?
 He kind of regenerates.
 I think it might be.
 Yeah.
 There's a chance.
 Isn't that said?
 They should have had more than one Darth Vader.
 You know, like send, you know, what?
 Just like, you know, there was only ever one Darth Vader, but you could just put another guy
 in there for like minor battles.
 That's very mask.
 Yeah.
 I guess so.
 Yeah.
 Why was they know like duplicate expendable Darth Vader?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was from Lord Buckethead this morning, 249, a new Buckethead record, something to celebrate
 eh?
 It's so funny watching him.
 I mean, it was already a horrible moment for Theresa May, I think, by that point, when she
 was standing there and what, and he was directly behind her.
 Was it all he was?
 Oh no, actually, he was up quite on the edge.
 Yeah, he was.
 It wasn't as bad as Tim Farron, because he had Mr. Fishfinger stood behind him.
 Tim Farron, that was it.
 Yeah.
 Okay, let's explain this for overseas listeners who wrote this.
 Okay, so like Dan says, we do have these very odd fringe candidates and some of them like
 to dress up.
 And Tim Farron, who's the head of the Liberal Democrats, who's the third biggest party in
 England.
 No, so who's the head of like the four of a fifth biggest party.
 He was going up.
 Which actually you might need to explain to people in Britain as well, given the state of
 Tim Farron's campaign.
 He ran against a guy called Mr. Fishfinger, who dressed like a fishfinger.
 And he, there was a man called Mr. Fishfinger running because, wasn't there a...
 There was a Twitter poll.
 So there was a Twitter user called Skip Licker, who just asked the question.
 Just a normal guy.
 First name, Skip, second name, Licker.
 And he asked, we were all completely losing the two of them.
 Do you think that's his real name?
 Of course, this is his real name.
 Why would it be his Twitter name if it wasn't his real name?
 It would be a weird thing to make up, wouldn't it?
 Anyway, he asked the question to Twitter, who would you trust more MP Tim Farron or a fishfinger?
 And the fishfinger's got 95% of the vote.
 And so this guy ran on...
 Tim Farron almost lost his deposit in the...
 Am I supposed to tell you that the fishfinger competition?
 But Mr. Fishfinger is amazing, so if you go on his website, I wanted to count the puns
 on it for this, but it was going to take me too much time.
 But he ran on the pledge to Hakebritten Great again.
 He had a manifesto in which there was a polo key document.
 He talks about his own cod-stituency.
 He has a list of endorsements, which is quite labour, but I guess fish have a dorsal fin.
 That's a big deal for him.
 I was just wondering, we've explained all about the election, but do we need to explain
 for Farron listeners what a fishfinger is?
 So a fishfinger is a piece of fish with breadcrumbs on it and deep fried.
 It is delicious.
 It's better than Tim Farron.
 So the point is that he was standing behind Tim Farron as Tim Farron made his speech as
 acceptance speech.
 But Theresa May had also had to stand next to...
 Buckethead.
 Well Buckethead and someone dressed as Elmo.
 Yes.
 A massive Elmo.
 I think he only got three votes, although I'm going to do it.
 Absolutely.
 Buckethead wiped the floor with him then.
 Buckethead absolutely destroyed Elmo at the selection.
 Well with the bucket for a head, he can do a lot of wiping eyes.
 That's just a lot to the floor with him.
 So I think we did a fact before on this podcast about people who got no votes in a general
 election, but it was before the rules were changed and then you were allowed to vote for
 yourself.
 But I think someone has got just one vote, a guy called Rainbow George Vice who stood
 in 13 different constituencies at one election before they changed the rules and said he can
 really at least stand in one election, one constituency.
 And he stands for the vote for yourself, Rainbow Dream Ticket Party and he won in 2005 in
 Cardiff North.
 He got one vote and it wasn't from him either because he wasn't registered in that constituency.
 Like Paul Nuttle.
 Paul Nuttle didn't vote for himself because he's not registered in the constituency where
 he was standing.
 Really?
 Paul Nuttle, you mean X, UKIP leader, because as we came in here, he resigned, didn't he?
 That's true.
 He caretaker between Farage leader of the...
 Yeah.
 Did you know, I think Winston Churchill couldn't vote for himself in the 1945 election?
 Really?
 Yeah, so there was...
 He lost, though.
 Didn't he?
 He sure did.
 Was it by one, though?
 It was not by one, though.
 It was a bureaucratic cook-up, so there was a lot of disorganisation because it was the
 end of the war.
 People had bigger fish to fry and they didn't have enough ballot papers.
 Bigger fish fingers to fry.
 So you had to use your ration card as your ballot paper to prove who you were and he
 just wasn't registered and so he worked up and didn't have a legal vote.
 That's pretty bad after you've defeated fascism, so there's not bit, but it's process, isn't
 it?
 It's all that process.
 You've got to respect it.
 And do you know that the joint leader of the Green Party, so the Green Party has two
 dual leadership and one of the leaders is Guy called Jonathan Bartley and he's also a
 drummer for a blues band called The Mustangs who've reached number five in the iTunes
 Blues Chart.
 Wow.
 He's in 2010 for Best Band of the British Blues Awards and I've listened to them and they're
 genuinely really good.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Really fun to listen to.
 So, well done, Jonathan.
 Just speaking of Green, but in the drug sense, Green, Mr. Biro, Lord Biro as well.
 He wanted to nationalise marijuana cannabis and he wanted to call it British grass.
 Very good.
 Yeah.
 And just on process, Anna, if you are high on drugs or indeed drunk, they can't stop you
 from voting.
 Oh, yeah.
 Even if you're the Queen.
 And also if you're wearing a bucket on your head or something like that, they can't stop
 you from voting.
 You don't have to show your face.
 You're kidding.
 No.
 Oh, wow.
 Well, otherwise you wouldn't be on to vote in a bucket.
 Yeah.
 I guess not.
 And we'd find out who Lord Buckethead is when he goes to vote.
 There was a party that lost all of their deposits.
 Okay.
 And they lost, between 1992 and 2001, they contested 500 seats in that time, they lost every
 single deposit.
 You probably remember them.
 The natural law party.
 Oh, yeah.
 I remember that.
 Well, they're the levitating ones.
 They, yes.
 They worked.
 They were ones who thought they could never take.
 They believed.
 So a lot of listeners might remember them, a lot of listeners might not.
 They believed you could do this thing called yogic flying, which is basically bouncing
 around with your legs crossed on your bottom with big hot water bottles underneath you.
 Oh, wow.
 But they believed that the first policy, right, if they had won in 1997 was that they would
 make a special air service from the armed forces of 7,000 yogic flyers to hover in and fix
 everything in the country.
 Wow.
 I remember.
 I'm sure you told me, Sandy, that the trick to yogic flying has three steps.
 Oh, this is mine that I remember.
 What was it?
 One of the series.
 You can say it then.
 What was it?
 Because I can't remember.
 Oh, it was just the yogic flying.
 The way you get there is a three stage process.
 So I think stage one is standing on one foot and stage two is being able to hop on one foot
 and stage three is full levitation.
 And I remember a proud statement by the yogic flying institute saying we have successfully
 completed two of the three crucial steps.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that Kenya have an election later this year and they're running
 out of symbols for their candidates, which means that candidates are now using symbols
 such as a milk packet, a termite and a robot.
 Okay.
 Look at Samford's round with the robots as their main thing, this time round, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 That was a good piece of satire.
 No, that was the joke about Theresa.
 Oh, it doesn't mess up.
 Guys, you two are tired, aren't you?
 That was a very strong joke and stable.
 So yeah, this actually happens in quite a lot of places in the world and it's how important
 it is to have a symbol next to your name.
 So we know in Britain we have symbols for the Conservatives and Labour like the Rose and
 the torch and in America they would have the elephants and the donkey and whatever they
 have over there.
 But in lots of places in the world you have a lot of low literacy and so if you can't read
 the name of your preferred candidate you need to have the symbol and so they need a symbol
 which is really memorable and striking.
 They thought a termite would be there.
 People want to vote for that.
 I might.
 I would.
 What do you think about that?
 It's very industrious and they're hardworking and they get the job done and they think that's
 the idea.
 They club together and they achieve things.
 Yeah.
 Was the milk carton half full or half empty or was it a full of milk?
 That's how you look at it and that's what kind of person you want.
 No it was just you couldn't look inside the milk carton because it was just a depiction
 of one and actually this happens like I said quite a lot around the world in India.
 The election commission a lot symbols to you and so there's a big long list of 164 available
 symbols and you provide them three of them that you would like and then they choose one
 of the three if it's available.
 Yeah.
 So cool.
 They're all ones don't they like they have I was really not what was saying I think they've
 modernised their symbols lately because they've recently added a sewing machine so I don't
 know how modern they've got but they have scissors as one of the symbols you can choose a
 stethoscope.
 Do they have rock and paper?
 It's a three way marginal.
 An ice cream going for the youth vote.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They have.
 They do it in Egypt as well.
 I saw the actual symbols.
 The picture here they use everything from a tractor to a ballistic missile to a tap
 to this is my favourite one a mobile phone but the mobile phone symbol has a picture in
 the mobile phone like a background and I'm pretty sure it's the politician who was running
 but you know the thing with Egypt is it's not just that you choose three and they choose
 for you it's actually completely random that they choose the symbol for you.
 So you say I'm going to run in Egypt and they just randomly pick you a symbol.
 So you'll have some politicians who think they're really kind of serious and you'll see
 their poster and then it's got all of their picture and all of their stuff on there and
 then there's like a picture of a banana next to it.
 It's just ridiculous.
 And like for instance it can be quite bad because there was a female MP who had a rocket
 as her symbol just allocated randomly but rocket means hotty in Egyptian slang apparently.
 So she was like well I can't do this I'm a serious MP you can't call me a hotty but
 that wasn't random.
 I bet it was an all-male panel that randomly selected those symbols at some point.
 It's one of the symbols of penis.
 No, I think bananas as close as you get.
 One of the ones I'm looking at here is a cannon camera.
 Like it's actually got the cannon logo on it.
 That's cool.
 Well I look through the canyon list and they're really random so there's an electrical
 socket, there's some broken handcuffs, there's a steering wheel.
 Broken handcuffs does not say to me tough on crime.
 That says major cuts in crime.
 So the canyon election is between Ahoru and NASA.
 NASA?
 What the American Space Agency?
 No, the National Super Alliance party.
 So it's President Ahoru Kenyatta and everyone else is kind of gang together with a coalition
 to go against him and they called themselves a National Super Alliance party known as
 the abbreviation NASA and they're hoping that their coalition will unseat him.
 I think the election is in August.
 I'm glad I don't have any places unstable as Kenya where there's one party which has got
 just about half the seats and one which is definitely trying to club together.
 This is going to go out of date so quickly, I don't know if I'm going to say it.
 We're going to date before tonight, will it?
 Might do actually.
 You know, no.
 Yeah.
 So just you mentioned brands in logos.
 Yeah.
 There are some places where companies get a vote so I was looking at how Hong Kong elections
 work actually.
 You might know this.
 So the way Hong Kong constituencies are divided up is that five of their seats are geographical
 seats and then all the rest are and then all the rest are like for companies and so they
 get like an industry seat and they get an agricultural seat and they get a tourism seat
 and it's really weird because that means that people like Canada air get a vote in the Hong
 Kong elections.
 Wow.
 That is insane.
 Yeah, they do.
 So all these airlines from all around the world get votes in the Hong Kong elections.
 Does a company vote equal the same as a single person's vote?
 I think it does.
 Yeah.
 Or it might be more in fact.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 It's really weird.
 That's amazing.
 I'm going to just sit as MPs.
 Because corporations by law are individuals, aren't they?
 Right.
 I mean, that's just a technical legal thing, but I think they are.
 Yeah.
 They'll be able to vote in this country.
 But they're not standing up for themselves.
 They used to have, I think we've said this before, that universities used to get a vote.
 Did they?
 So as well as the city of Oxford having an MP or maybe it was two MPs, actually at the time
 it was each constituency had two MPs, Oxford and Cambridge each got to send an MP or two
 to the House of Commons.
 It is.
 And that meant that students used to get two votes.
 So it was until 1950, I think, 1948 and so it was Oxford got MP, Cambridge on MP, all
 the London ones got an MP and then just all the other Unies got an MP.
 And then yeah, it sounds like university challenges.
 It morphed into that.
 Wow, that's amazing.
 And then students didn't vote again until last night.
 So did you hear the thing recently about Donald Trump's logo, speaking of logos?
 No, it's his logo.
 It's a crest and it has the word Trump on it, but it turns out that he just nicked it from
 somebody else and it was an old English crest and he took off the word integrity and put
 him on the word Trump, which is the most amazing metaphor.
 So funny.
 Yeah, it was the husband of the woman who built Mar-a-Lago, got given this crest in 1939.
 Mar-a-Lago, his, you know, his second wife, his golf club.
 And the Trump organisation just took that coat of arms, changed the word, never asked permission
 from anyone.
 And then when he came back to the UK to open his horrible golf course, he, um, I'm sure it's
 a very nice golf course if anyone wants to give me free land of golf.
 Sorry, when the, when his fantastic golf course opened, um, he got in trouble because he hadn't
 registered the emblem according to the 1672 Lion King of Arms Act in Scotland.
 And then he tried to trademark and they said, no, that's already a thing here.
 You can't do that.
 Wow.
 So he had to invent a new crest solely to use in his Scottish golf courses, but in America
 he's still using the one he's nicked.
 I think a lot of it is Americans listening to this would probably be quite amused by
 how uptight we are about our crests, I should think.
 Yes.
 Well, the New York Times wrote in its cover, as they said, the British are known for taking
 Haraldry very seriously.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is Andy.
 My fact is that in the 19th century, one of England's constituencies had no people living
 in it and another one was underwater.
 Wow.
 These are so, they're called rotten burrows, which are constituencies where there used to
 be a load of people living there and it made sense for them to have two MPs and then over
 time the population changes or the place goes derelict, but the rules haven't been updated
 so they still get MPs.
 And then it's really easy for someone, normally the landowner who owns the land, to just
 take over the place, pick his own MPs and send them to the elsewhere.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, there's a black-adder episode, which is all about this, basically.
 Really?
 And one of the constituencies that was underwater, Dunnich, is the inspiration for the thing
 in the episode, which is called Dunnie on the World.
 Oh, really?
 Yes.
 Do you know that Dunnich was the capital of the Kingdom of the East Angles?
 What is it?
 Yeah, well, so it used to be a really important place and it was a port similar in size to
 the 14th century London, according to Wikipedia, so it was a massive, massive place and that's
 why they had this boat.
 Yeah.
 It's supposedly, yeah, exactly, rivaled the capital, and it's called Daniel like this, the
 British Atlantis.
 Oh, yeah.
 What do you mean?
 It is called that.
 I'm calling it that now.
 Who calls it that?
 This guy.
 But Atlantis isn't the thing about Atlantis that we don't know where it is.
 We know where Dunnich is.
 It just doesn't.
 It's just not there anymore.
 It fell into the sea.
 I forgot it fell into the sea, I thought it was just a place we couldn't find.
 Yeah.
 No, it fell into the sea.
 Yeah, and it's the British Atlantis.
 It's not claiming to be the Atlantis.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, guys.
 Yeah.
 I got that.
 But you got that.
 It's still there, okay, and it's underwater.
 And supposedly at midnight or at night, you can hear church bells dangling around in the
 water.
 And that's just someone voting with their penis.
 And it had eight churches, it had two hospitals, and there's one man.
 This was a piece in the India about ten years ago.
 He's called Stuart Bacon, and he's done about a thousand dives down there, and he has a map
 which was printed five hundred years ago, and he can make his way around by touch.
 Wow.
 The city underwater.
 That is extremely cool.
 It's so cool.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 So what's left of it?
 Is there like building?
 There was almost nothing left.
 Most of it was swept away in the two stores.
 There's like a church, a few houses, a pret.
 Socky sandwiches.
 So it did that actually had about two hundred people living there, which is much larger than
 a load of other constituencies.
 And before they were reformed, there were fifty seats in the country which each had fewer
 than fifty voters living in them.
 So funny.
 And it was the 1832 reform act, a bit of process for you to remember.
 And it was that act which got rid of these burrows, but it was also the act that excluded
 women from voting, because until then it wasn't explicitly against the rules for women
 to vote.
 If they were landowners, they couldn't theory.
 One did actually.
 I think the first woman to vote was in the late 1500s because she was a widow of a big landowner
 who'd been the person who would nominate the person to go to Parliament, so she got
 to nominate.
 So, women got the vote in the 16th century.
 But did you know that Charles James Fox, who's a famous British Prime Minister, when he
 became leader, he was too young to vote.
 So he was 19 when he became leader in 1768 and the voting age was 21.
 How does that work then?
 I guess just other people voted for, and his father bought the constituency for him.
 There we go.
 It was shit and epitaph.
 Wow.
 So Aaron from the Green Party doing his A level history exam, back then might not have been
 able to vote either.
 Yeah.
 What do you think?
 18 would have been too young.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 So, one of the features of rotten burrows, which were a massive problem, obviously, in the
 country, was this thing called pot walloping.
 I had never heard of this.
 It's so cool.
 So, before the reform act, then you could vote in certain areas if you were a pot wallapper.
 And what it meant was, is that you had a pot or a cauldron.
 And if you had a pot that was big enough, if you had a pot, a proper big cooking pot, it
 showed that you had a hearth that was big enough to put the pot in.
 And if you had a hearth that was big enough to put the pot in, then you obviously had
 the freehold of a house and therefore you were considered responsible enough to vote.
 So, could you not just get a knockoff pot off either?
 Yeah.
 You would have thought so.
 Yeah.
 Did you have to bring a pot with you to the voting boat?
 That's why nobody voted, because people were dragging these enormous heavy cauldrons around
 the streets.
 They actually had one guy called Lord Culdron Head.
 Isn't it the case that they had to, if you were voting, it was done in public, one by
 one.
 Yes.
 It's done in public.
 And it took ages.
 Right.
 But did you have to declare it sort of to everyone or was it a secret ballot?
 No, no, you did.
 The ballot wasn't introduced until the 1870.
 Wow.
 That meant that you could obviously, people could sort of bribe you.
 Yeah.
 It was called treating your constituents, you get them free food and drink basically.
 Yeah.
 And sometimes that would cost so much money that only one person could afford to stand
 in the seat anyway.
 Hmm.
 People used to sign their ballot papers, actually, because that was a good, because the
 person who had been elected would go through the ballot papers afterwards and look at
 who voted for them and be like, "Oh, Johnny, I'll give him a little present."
 Mr. penis is voted for him.
 And if you were super rich, presumably you could gift people pots to allow them to vote for
 you.
 To give them the franchise.
 Yeah.
 To gain votes.
 Yeah.
 Okay, get this.
 The 1784 election.
 Voting opened in the Westminster constituency on the 1st of April and it closed on the 17th
 of May.
 What?
 What?
 Took nearly two months just to gather the votes, because they didn't have this thing, because
 obviously they didn't have mass communication and they didn't need to do the election all
 on the same day, basically.
 But Sondland still turned in all their votes by 10 p.m. that day.
 Sondland's like the swatty kid in the class, isn't it?
 Hey, not this year, though.
 I know, they got this.
 They got this.
 Oh, so quickly explain that for overseas people, Sondland usually.
 So the polls close at 10 o'clock, and Sondland for the last 20 years has always been the first
 constituency to give their result, and they usually do it by about 11 or something like
 that.
 They're really, really quick.
 They're really, really quick.
 But this was the first year in ages.
 In my lifetime, I think that Newcastle has beaten them.
 Yeah.
 And as a Newcastle fan, I was thrilled with the result of that derby between them.
 It's been a bad year for Sondland all together, isn't it, because they got relegated from the
 Premier League and now this.
 And Newcastle got promoted from the championships.
 So in your face, Sondland.
 Wow.
 We're not doing a tall day in Sondland, are we?
 Not anymore.
 Should we wrap up?
 Sure.
 Yeah, let's go to bed.
 Yeah.
 Oh, wait.
 Can I tell you?
 Oh, no.
 I'm just a bit more processed to finish off.
 This is, I was just really surprised about this.
 Supermarkets, people who shop in certain supermarkets vote for certain people.
 And where would you guess, Aldi and Little, how their loyalty is these days?
 They're budget shops, so I would imagine it's people on a tighter budget, so I'd say Labour.
 Yeah.
 What a thought, so wouldn't you?
 It's the Tories.
 There's Tories voters.
 So actually, the Tories have all supermarkets shoppers.
 I don't know where Labour voters are shopping.
 Tories shop in Tesco's, Waitrose, St. Breeze, Aldi and Little are now all conservative.
 And it's just Morrison's and Astor that they've got the Labour vote.
 But you do hear about Little Britain, don't you?
 Ah, true Labour voters grow all their own produce on their allotments.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all we can do.
 We need to go to sleep now.
 We are knackered.
 I need to close my working eye.
 And we will be back again next week with another episode.
 Until then, you can reach us and chat more to us about the British elections if you want
 on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, James, @SkipLicca, @EggShate, Andy, Andrew Hunter M, and Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep.
 And you can also go to our group account @QIPodcast.
 You can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com where you can find all of our previous episodes.
 There's also our tour dates for the UK, and there's also a link to our book which is coming
 out in November.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [Music]
