 [music]
 Hey there Clubfish members, Dan here.
 Hope you're all doing well.
 Welcome to a bonus compilation episode.
 These are all the bits that didn't make it to the main show either because I just didn't fit the narrative,
 or they were on a tangent, they just didn't fit the shape.
 So we bang them all together here so that you can hear the stuff that didn't make it.
 Quite excitingly, for this particular compilation, it's not just the voice of us for fishers,
 but we have a bunch of guests.
 So you'll remember we did some Edinburgh shows recently, and a bunch of the offcuts from those recordings have made their way here.
 So you're going to hear, and you'll be hearing them in this order, Ian Smith, Elf Lions,
 you're going to get a couple of sentences from Ahir Shah, there's Andrew Neal, and then finally, Nish Kumar.
 And you're also going to hear a couple of audience submitted facts that we riff on as well.
 So that's the show for today.
 Thank you everyone who came to our live shows, by the way.
 We had two live shows very recently at the London Podcast Festival, Jamie Morton from my dad wrote a porno was there.
 We had a really great night with him, and then the following night we had Richard Osmanon.
 And again, just a wild, brilliant live show.
 We love our live shows so much.
 And if you missed out on it, they're obviously going to be coming out as edited episodes.
 But if you want to see the full thing, like from the moment that we walk on stage,
 all the way through to the quiz that we play at the end, you can still get access to the live stream video.
 If you go to no such thing as a fish.com/live, you're going to find a link that will take you to the King's Place website,
 where you can buy the live stream video.
 That's going to be up for the next week.
 We're trying to see if we can get an extension on it.
 So if you want to check that out, do that.
 And you'll notice, if you have headed to our website, that there is another link there for the Cheltenham Literary Festival.
 That's happening on the 16th of October.
 So we're doing another live show.
 It's part of this brilliant literature festival.
 And we're going to be joined on stage by one of our favorite people, Rachel Paris.
 So if you happen to be in the area, come and say hi.
 Okay, let's get on to this compilation.
 And we begin with Ian Smith, who, by the way, was nominated for the best show at the Edinburgh Fringe this year for his show Foot Spa Half Empty.
 So that's very cool.
 But let's get into it.
 Here we go.
 On with the compilation.
 I found a story that happened in 2008 of a real-life jigsaw problem.
 And I wonder, because I can't find an update on it, whether or not this person is still trying to solve it.
 So this is a bin man who was called Graham Hill, and he found, in a bunch of bags, 10,000 pounds worth of 10 pound and 20 pound notes.
 And he handed it over to the police.
 He said, I found this.
 And after the amount of time that's required for them to keep it and wait for someone to claim it had passed, they gave it back to him.
 So he was 10,000 quid richer, except for some reason, every single one of the bills had been cut into tiny small pieces.
 And the Bank of England had said, if you can put them all back together, absolutely, they're legal tender, and you've got 10,000 pounds.
 But right now, you just have shreds of 10,000 pounds.
 And so that's what he has in his house.
 So he apparently was going to make an attempt to try and jigsaw piece it back together.
 Where was this done?
 2008.
 Wow. It's a different type. Like these days, you get bankers who have lost their Bitcoin and put it in a dump.
 And that's they're trying to get that back.
 But in those days, it was just bin men with bags of shred of money, wasn't it?
 Because that's like, if your money rips, you can like put it together with sell it to it.
 Like I've seen that before where I've got to know that it's stuck.
 And that's fine.
 Yeah, I think what you need is the, there's a serial number and everybody knows.
 And that needs to be exactly correct, because they'll check it.
 And so if it's in two pieces, that's easy. You just sell it, type it.
 But if it's in a thousand pieces, how did he know it was worth 10,000 pounds?
 Like if you presented me with a bin bag full of shredded money, how would you...
 I don't know, assess.
 I think that's about 10,000 pounds worth of that.
 I can do that with complete nose.
 I have no idea.
 So you can weigh them.
 So you can weigh and you know how much paper there is.
 And you know how much one note weighs.
 And you just divide them.
 Yes.
 That's clever. That's clever.
 I'm just being reminded my first, one of my first ever paid gigs that I ever got in stand-up
 was up the creek.
 And I was handed an envelope of money.
 And I think it was something like 200 quid that I'd made.
 And I was very excitedly saved to my friends.
 Let's go to the pub, walking down the street.
 And I ripped open the envelope and hadn't...
 I ripped it over on the side and I tore all the money.
 This was before it went to plastic.
 I tore all the money and a gust of wind came, a blew off.
 The top third of all my notes.
 And yet you continued with your comedy career.
 Despite that very obvious side from the universe that it wasn't for you.
 Wait, it's over. They gave me five minutes from my next set.
 One of the, this is only like vaguely related.
 But it's one of the funniest things I've seen.
 And it does involve wind.
 But I was in New Zealand with Fin Taylor and I think Phil Wang.
 And Fin Taylor was talking about how he had a small part
 in the new Tomb Raider film.
 And I think it was cut from the final edit.
 I'm not sure if it was on like special features or anything.
 But he basically said, this cast and crew cap
 is the only memento that I have from the film.
 And then almost immediately like a sitcom,
 a gust of wind blew the hat into the waters.
 The boat's going away.
 And was just sort of like almost didn't laugh but just remember saying
 that's the funniest thing.
 That's the funniest thing I've ever seen.
 The timing of it.
 But I still felt like, but I can't laugh because I think it's sad as well.
 But yeah, it was so perfect.
 It's lost all proof using that movie.
 Would you like some beat slang?
 Oh yeah.
 Right.
 I'm feeling hairy.
 What's that?
 I'm a tender profile.
 No good is good feeling hairy.
 Feeling good feeling.
 My rod.
 My rod.
 Hey.
 Car.
 Car.
 Like a hot rod.
 Hot rod.
 Exactly.
 Let's stable the iron.
 Put it back in your trousers mate.
 It's parked the car.
 What's a kickstick?
 Kickstick.
 Kickstick.
 It's not on your bike, is it?
 It's not the...
 No, that's a kickstand.
 Nice.
 It's a cigarette.
 Kickstick.
 To give you a kick, right?
 Yes, sir.
 But they were very quickly taking the piss out of the beats.
 Yeah.
 And the Village Voice magazine in New York,
 they ran a rent-a-beatenic competition.
 Right.
 Where you could hire a beatenic for your party.
 They did it as a joke.
 And then they actually, I think,
 started getting beat poets in...
 Who said, "Yeah, I could do with $40."
 All right.
 Yeah.
 Bongo's optional.
 Yeah, I don't know how they earned any money,
 because most of them didn't actually publish anything.
 Or like a lot of the...
 One of the main members, Neil Cassidy.
 I don't think he published anything.
 Oh, he did.
 Well, maybe posthumously.
 Posthumously.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's not...
 Yeah, yeah.
 Can you just put this beer on my tab?
 I'm going to publish some stuff posthumously.
 And I'll make sure you get it.
 Posthumous to have is a great idea.
 I'm going to be massive, I promise.
 One of my favorite clowns from history is Lulu Adams, UK clown.
 And she was known as one of the first ever women circus clowns.
 She was born in 1900.
 And she was like the first ever female clown to appear at Olympia.
 And I just think she was incredible.
 She played the bagpipe.
 She could ride a horse at the same time.
 Her whole family were in the circus.
 Like just a proper old-fashioned showwoman show family.
 And she did a double act with her husband, Albatino.
 And they got hired by the Bertram Mill Circus,
 which was such a big deal.
 And they got offered a contract, which was like, I think $35 or £35 a week,
 which was the equivalent of like £2000 a week now,
 which was massive to go to New York to do this amazing tour of their act.
 And then they went on air, this was in 1948.
 And they were being interviewed on the New York radio in April,
 on the day the opening night.
 And they asked Albatino what's it like to perform.
 And as he answered, he died on air of a heart attack.
 And that evening, Lulu Adams went on stage and continued to do the double act.
 And she completed the entire nine-month contract on her own.
 And the newspaper article was like the first female clown is smiling even though her heart is breaking.
 But it's just, and then she continued performing for the rest of her life.
 And then moved to Brighton and made costumes for performers.
 On a professional, that's professionalism.
 And I want to say that if all the three of you guys who do the podcast with me died,
 I would continue to do it as if nothing had happened.
 Quite right. And we know.
 We know. You say that every week, Anna.
 And it's starting to pull.
 Yeah, my booby traps keep failing.
 I really miss what sounds like the golden age of non-imperson dating,
 which is the video dating thing.
 Oh, yeah.
 So this was on TV as a kind of joke when I was growing up.
 Like you sit in a studio, you record a video of yourself.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, there was a guy called Jeffrey Almond.
 He set it up. He was a young videographer.
 And so you had this huge library of videos.
 And then you just watch like a five minute tape of any potential person.
 And you say, right, I'm interested in Jennifer.
 Can you?
 And then Jennifer gets a phone call saying Greg is interested in you.
 Can you go in and view Greg's video?
 Right.
 And literally a VHS.
 Yes.
 And so like it's laborious.
 But the thing is the way the interviews were conducted.
 This guy, Jeffrey Almond, did the interviews himself, right?
 You'd fill out a form of your preferences.
 And then he would do a little interview with you.
 Yeah.
 But he would also kind of interrogate you.
 So listen to this.
 Almond recollected, I'd say to you, you've got five kids
 and you live way out in the suburbs.
 Now I don't mean to insult you, Ethel.
 But how dateable are you?
 And then Ethel's on the spot having to answer it.
 Like, well, I can send the kids off to their auntie or whatever.
 Like, as in, she's having to answer for herself.
 Yeah, that's a bit probing.
 But it's kind of, I suppose, the reasoning was she's proving.
 Oh, no, look, this is how great I am as a match.
 They must give Ethel the questions beforehand.
 I don't know.
 I quite like the idea of the Jeremy Paxman kind of dating service.
 Well, it's like, if you answer on a play, it's just the same question.
 Yeah.
 But do you like films?
 Well, I've seen them.
 It had 17 franchises by the mid '80s.
 And there was even, there was one specifically for people
 in Washington DC with herpes.
 That's how successful it was.
 Wow.
 I don't know why.
 I don't know why.
 I suppose if you have herpes, then you
 should only shack people with herpes.
 Is that the thinking?
 That is the thinking, clearly.
 Yeah.
 And that's, we've mentioned this before, but that's basically
 one of the reasons the YouTube guys gave for setting up YouTube
 at all was that video dating.
 So you would put up a video of yourself in this exact same way,
 but you're knocking out VHS and you just click to the next link.
 That was largely part of the, the creation of it.
 I watch everything on two-time speed with stuff like that to get through it.
 So everyone would be disappointed when they turned up with normal,
 bassy voices.
 If we gave dinosaurs to every country in the world,
 it wouldn't help because dinosaurs couldn't live today.
 And that is because in the Cretaceous era,
 they had about 35% oxygen.
 And today we have about 21% oxygen.
 So there wouldn't be enough oxygen for them to live.
 They'd all be sort of gasping for air the whole time.
 Well, you're telling me that this series of documentaries I watch
 set on island Nuba.
 I don't know, I haven't seen it, but they all have like gas masks
 and yeah equipment.
 Pretty upset.
 You haven't seen Jurassic Park.
 I'm afraid I haven't.
 Not any of them.
 No, but there's a new one out, isn't there?
 So I think I might have to catch up.
 Just start with the new one and work backwards.
 That's how you're meant to do it.
 Like the Star Wars films.
 Here's the thing on diplomacy.
 So we talked about dinosaur diplomacy.
 There's other things like ping pong diplomacy
 where China and America play ping pong against each other.
 There is panda diplomacy where China gave out pandas
 to different countries.
 And they found one called xylophone diplomacy.
 Does anyone know what that is?
 It feels like we can guess.
 Try to do dinosaur thing.
 You play the ribs of the dinosaur like a xylophone
 and that lightens the mood at tricky summits.
 You send everyone's islephones and that gives the prime school children
 something to do and parents very grateful.
 No, I read this in the economist and it says
 xylophone diplomacy.
 A made-up turn created in order to have an entry for the letter x
 in the economist A to Z of international relations.
 All right, thanks a lot.
 The way all these things worked I guess is you
 you sent in a bit of money and you filled out a questionnaire
 which could be very long.
 So the operation match was 75 questions.
 And then they took your questionnaire and they tried to match it up
 with others using a computer algorithm which is why it was computerized.
 I think a good way of doing it would be to have like 10,000 questions
 that you have to go through and you're matched by
 how far you go through before you give up.
 That's very good.
 Because I think I would be well matched to someone
 who had the same level of getting bored quickly as I do.
 I think you'd answer them all because you're a completist.
 Do you like long list of information?
 That's a thing.
 And probably the person who dated me would need to be
 similar to put up with that.
 I do have a dating app for you, James.
 I know you're off the market but there is a new one in the USA
 called SCORE which is a dating app for people
 who have a good to excellent credit rating.
 Oh, and it's...
 I do have a good credit rating.
 I mean, sorry, excellent.
 I just think that's so...
 I think that's quite good, actually, like...
 It's very sensible.
 I disagree.
 I think that's a good case of opposites attract.
 Actually, you're so right.
 But much more responsible to pay yourself up with someone with a bad one
 so you can raise them up to your left.
 Absolutely.
 That's not how it works.
 They drag you down.
 Anna.
 That's what happens in love.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 I've got one here from Geoffrey Partica,
 which is a fishy stretch.
 It's been said.
 Disgusting.
 It is a stretch of effect.
 But I'm reading it because I know Tom Cruise is a huge,
 huge deal in Andy's life.
 So, Tom Cruise took up race car driving and got married
 because of the Russian Revolution.
 Okay.
 That was a long journey.
 There's a long journey to get to what this is.
 1917.
 Ruben Maumullian
 was studying at a stage production
 at the Imperial Moscow University in the hopes of directing.
 And he was from a Saras family.
 So he fled America when the revolution broke out.
 He became a director of fled to America.
 Sorry.
 Very few people fled America when the Russian Revolution
 broke out.
 That's too cautious.
 Yeah, he fled to America.
 And years later, he becomes the initial director of Cleopatra
 with Lisbeth Taylor.
 There was lots of problems.
 Constant script changes, creative differences.
 So he was eventually replaced as the director.
 So then Paul Newman and Elizabeth Taylor
 were scheduled to be in the movie together.
 But because of the shooting delays,
 because of this,
 Taylor was prevented from joining the film.
 So both roles were recast.
 With Robert Mitchell and Shirley McClain,
 which freed up Paul Newman to be in the hustler
 with Jackie Gleason.
 The hustler is credited with popularizing pool in America,
 giving Paul Newman a lifelong love of the game.
 It also allowed him to reprise his role as fast Eddie Felsen,
 25 years later in the Scorsese sequel,
 The Color of Money.
 James has started eating biscuits.
 He's roughly performative.
 He could be more far away from the microphone right now.
 That's what happens when he gets interested.
 I don't think I've got to be needed for a few longer.
 It was in this movie, as far as Eddie Felsen,
 that Paul Newman introduced Tom Cruise
 to the thrill of driving too fast.
 Thanks to his new love,
 Cruise was cast in the NASCAR movie Days of Thunder.
 He met Nicole Kidman.
 Oh, that's not anyone, isn't it?
 Yeah, and then it just ends.
 There might have been a few other consequences
 due to the Russian Revolution,
 but I think it'd be difficult
 to find something more inane.
 Certainly the worst consequence.
 No, that's terrific.
 Tom Cruise could have had a career as a kind of sensitive
 character actor.
 Yeah.
 But were it not for the Russian Revolution?
 There you go.
 Great.
 Nice.
 Love it.
 Just on guitars,
 can I give everyone a guitar song recommendation?
 It's called "It's Really Good."
 It's called "United Breaks Guitars"
 and it was a hit in 2009.
 Have you heard everything, Andrew?
 He's nodding along.
 He's a musician called Dave Carroll,
 who was, and I guess it must be the bane of a lot of guitar players' lives.
 He was on a plane and he watched the baggage handlers
 throw his $3,500 guitar all over the shop.
 So my golf clubs.
 You could sing an equally popular
 relatable song about that.
 And it's really good if he wrote this song
 about how they've broken his guitar.
 I think it's great,
 but they're nice, tragedy-like country.
 It's wonderful, isn't it?
 It's also...
 It's that thing where this incredibly precious thing...
 Obviously, there's a hand-like-a-jams race, isn't there?
 And there's recently a story about...
 People employed in airports are...
 They're rewarded like a few quid for each bag
 that sort of refused to put on.
 Because imagine how difficult that job actually is.
 You've got a massive stagdo who haven't read the terms in conditions.
 They've all got bags too big to go on.
 You've got to tell everyone...
 It's, you know, you can't take it on and it's 60 extra quid
 to put it on the whole age.
 But with guitars, yeah, just...
 You know, this incredibly precious thing.
 And what you have to do is down-tune them.
 So if you're going to put them in the luggage role,
 put it in a hard case, down-tune it.
 So you haven't got the tension on the strings.
 Because if it gets dropped or smashed,
 that tension can make the neck cave in.
 Yeah, right.
 Wow.
 Interesting.
 Doing that, taking the tuning down, is actually an entire style of guitaring in Hawaii.
 And I'd never heard of this.
 Slack Key Guitar.
 Oh, wow.
 Slack Key Guitar is where you basically are detuning at least three strings of your guitar
 in order to create an open chord that you can play.
 And then you can use the top notes as your bass line.
 And then you can play with the open chord for the rest.
 The thing about it is, like I was talking earlier about hiding your fingers
 behind a handkerchief, Slack Key Guitar in Hawaii was also something
 where you would hand down the tunings of each of those six strings
 to your family and not let anyone else know.
 So it became like the family style of playing this particular guitar.
 And we know a bunch of them now.
 Yeah, it's become more open now.
 But it was handed down as the family secret for how you would play guitar.
 And so everyone would have their own specific open chord.
 Well, these secret guitar chords.
 I had no idea that it was such an exciting secretive world,
 the world of guitar playing.
 And we're sure it's not just because people always have to fly to Hawaii
 on a plane and then their guitars aren't strong.
 Oh, fuck, I better make this a thing.
 The first album I ever bought was the Jimmy Hendrix album, which was great.
 Because he does sound like nobody else.
 Like it does, it is an unbelievable sound he has.
 And it was partly thanks to his sound engineer guy who was called Roger Mayer.
 And this is where the other weird military link comes in.
 Because Roger Mayer sort of qualified did all his early work in acoustics
 in the Royal Naval Scientific Service working on underwater warfare.
 He was on submarines.
 He was working on the stuff of keeping submarines silent.
 You know, that was his whole project when he was in the Navy.
 So I just love this quote.
 When a steel hulled sub is running silent, you know,
 the whole point about submarines is you stay completely quiet
 and no one knows that you're there.
 When it's running silent, the sound of a dropped spanner can be picked up
 and the sub's position located from up to 160 kilometers away.
 What?
 What?
 What?
 Imagine that.
 Can that be true?
 I think he, like, I know it sounds like I'm talking about, I guess.
 He exactly, like, I can't believe it.
 So basically, all of, he realised all of his work also applied to guitars
 and he made this amazing sound effects device for Hendrix,
 which creates an amazing trippy harmonic sound
 the octave above your playing.
 Yeah.
 And he showed it to Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin
 and Jimmy Page said, "Well, it's too much for me.
 Yeah, it's too far out for me."
 Right.
 But Hendrix was into it.
 Roger Mayer is still alive.
 He's still.
 Hey.
 He's still around, yeah.
 So the question is,
 if you put Jimmy Hendrix on a submarine
 and got him to play Purple H.
 Apple far away.
 The whole world could listen.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That period of time is one that I'm endlessly fascinated with.
 The kind of, you know, the mid-60s,
 a lot of those bands, a lot of the movies that came out around that time
 are a source of perennial fascination to me.
 And one of the things that is so strange about it all is,
 it's obviously, it's so close to the Second World War.
 You know, like the, yeah.
 And the whole cultural landscape,
 it's like when you see photos of Bob Dylan
 touring the mid-60s and he's occasionally just walking around
 just sort of rubble in Liverpool or something
 because the whole idea of like the free-loved 60s
 is so close to the end of the Second World War
 and there's all these people who were sort of just called,
 like, just doing military service.
 And then, suddenly, are now trying to work out
 how to make Jimmy Hendrix's guitar successfully
 and be like the noise that runs through his head
 when he takes LSD.
 You know what I'm saying?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I think it's such an interesting point.
 I think it's something that will never certainly
 with the world of rock music experience again,
 where I was listening to Ozzy Osborne talk
 the other day about the Beatles.
 And he said, you just, you will never understand
 what the Beatles meant to us, not just the music,
 what they meant to us.
 We were in a black and white world and it went technicolor.
 We suddenly believe that life was fun again
 and it was through that.
 And all that period is what that was.
 They were building off the back of trying
 to get back into technicolor off the back of war.
 It's fascinating stuff.
 I agree, I'm obsessed with that period.
 If you're in a yellow submarine, don't inquire.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And you drop a spanner.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Here's one.
 Dolphins says Andrew Heldenbrand can use ultrasound
 to detect pregnancies and will pay special attention
 to pregnant women, nuzzling them while scanning them
 with ultrasonic frequencies.
 That's pretty cool.
 It's like that, yeah.
 Walker and they tell you things like what sex it is.
 Yeah, they'll say.
 Does it have the right number of things in toes?
 It's very annoying sometimes, because they'll say,
 you must have been hoping for a boy or whatever.
 Yeah.
 And you might not want him wanting to know that yet.
 What level of detail could they turn to the Dan
 and go, it's bad news.
 I think I might have been the neighbor.
 You know, like, are they--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is that what are they fighting out?
 What's your milkman's nose like?
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's, I don't think it's huge detail,
 but I think they could probably detect the heartbeat.
 I think they can do a very, very narrow beam of echolocation.
 It's called buzzing.
 And it sounds like a squeaky door to us when they're doing it.
 That is cool, isn't it?
 So why don't they use--
 When you go to have your first scan,
 why don't they use dolphins instead of machines?
 The natural way.
 When you're having a water birth.
 Yeah, the literal wet nurse.
 Flipper.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Have you guys heard of kitten fishing?
 No.
 No.
 Can you guess what it is?
 It's not pretending to be a kitten.
 So cat fishing is where you pretend to be
 someone you're completely not.
 And then they think that they're dating you,
 but you're not doing it.
 And eventually you might get some money off the mouse.
 So kitten fishing, I reckon,
 is you pretending to be yourself as a child?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I see, to catch pedophiles, isn't it?
 Yes.
 No, it's not that.
 It is just embellishing or misrepresenting
 yourself online to make you more desirable.
 OK.
 We'll do that.
 Well, they need a special web for that.
 So according to Hinge, the web site,
 the trouble is that when you do that,
 it kind of defeats the whole purpose of online dating,
 which is to find the right match.
 So you really have to be kind of as close to real as possible.
 Wait, but your right match is definitely lying as well.
 I think that's how everyone's doing, right?
 They're all banking on everyone.
 And he's trying to raise it.
 That's what the first day is all about.
 Working out what the lies were, seemingly.
 OK, what about woke fishing?
 Oh, my god.
 Oh, pretending to be woke.
 Yeah, pretending to be.
 That's what you mean.
 That's the course I support the cause on red.
 Actually, until you're in the pants,
 then turns out you're shameful in your bedside draw.
 You've got a Tory rosette.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's not it.
 It's too late.
 She's in love.
 Pretty much that.
 Orbitink.
 Orbitink is what that's a term.
 It's another term that's in modern dating slang.
 So that's circling around someone not approaching?
 Yeah, pretty much, but in an online setting.
 So staying occasionally liking the photos,
 leaving the odd, very, very innocuous comments
 so that you're kind of in the Orbit,
 but you're not really engaging with the Orbitink.
 And then zombieing.
 Coming back from the dead.
 Yeah.
 And offering a date.
 Pretty much.
 And so you know what ghosting is, where you just stop
 and reply to someone completely at the time they don't exist.
 I know, but someone who's previously--
 My wife's been doing it to me since yesterday.
 It's when someone who's previously ghosted you suddenly
 reappears and acts as if nothing ever happened.
 Oh.
 That's very good.
 Very good.
 Very, very good.
 Jack Harrelack, we said he's American.
 And he was American.
 But his parents were quibber-quibber-quibber-quibber.
 He was-- they were from Quebec.
 But that meant that until he was six years old,
 he only spoke dual.
 Dual is a--
 Dual is a--
 It's sort of a dialect from Quebec.
 It's kind of half French, half English, all very, very weird.
 So the name comes from how they say the word chaval.
 So chaval is French for horse.
 And there's a phrase to speak French like a horse.
 It means to speak French very, very badly.
 And so they call it dual.
 And they have lots of English words in there.
 So dumpe in dual means to throw out the trash.
 Like, it comes from the dump in English.
 And they turn it into a French thing.
 That's great.
 The word from Peanut is Peanut, just slightly French.
 And the word poutine, you know, which is like chips
 with cheese, gravy on it, it's absolutely delicious.
 But we think it might be dual for pudding.
 So as in, they took the English word pudding
 and then it became poutine and then it became that right.
 That's-- but it's often called a G-Generate language.
 He's both, obviously, so I've just born speaking it.
 And I think maybe we don't know to what extent
 he was speaking standard French Canadian to what extent
 it was dual.
 But even age 18, he still had quite a strong French accent,
 which I think is quite cocky, given that age 17
 was when he decided to write a great American novel in English.
 Well, you know, yeah.
 You got to set your sights high.
 But when you're not fluent in English, yeah.
 Oh, I think that's pretty cool.
 Like, how Napoleon was from Corsica, isn't it?
 Exactly.
 A lot of the most famous people from a place
 were actually from the borders or the fringes
 or the outline region Austria.
 Yeah.
 Right, Stalin was from Georgia.
 Yeah.
 And we don't want to compare Kerry Wack
 to Hitler and Stalin and Napoleon.
 Tony Blair was born in Edinburgh.
 Oh, don't, the inbox.
 Oh, my god.
 Sometimes I just look forward.
 Oh.
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 Thanks, everyone.
 If you want to send in any thoughts about what you heard,
 if it made you think of a random extra fact,
 why not send that in to podcast@QI.com?
 All the people that were on the show today
 are all online.
 If you want to message them directly somewhere
 on Instagram or Twitter, go find their ads.
 Otherwise, come back in two weeks.
 We're going to have a drop us a line waiting for you.
 And we will see you all then.
 Good bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
