 How's he been? Who James?
 Father Christmas.
 Has he been where?
 To your house to give you presents, because it's Christmas Day!
 It is Christmas Day!
 Yes!
 He has, he went down the chimney of my laptop to deliver me a new episode of No Such Thing As A Fish.
 Amazing.
 Yes!
 What we have got for you today a little bit earlier than scheduled is our Christmas special recorded
 live in the most Christmasy of places Birmingham!
 Oh, it was so Christmassy.
 It was so Christmassy.
 There was stuff outside, there were lights, there were German sausages.
 So many German sausages.
 It was like flippy lapland.
 It was.
 It was Christmas.
 It was Christmas City.
 It was such a fun episode to do.
 We enjoyed ourselves, like we always do in Birmingham.
 It's one of the best places that we go and visit, really, really hope you enjoy it.
 It's full of Christmassy facts that you can tell all of your family over the Christmas
 table.
 Over the Christmas table?
 Over it.
 Over the Christmas table.
 Get over that table and tell them our facts.
 Well, hey, this has been successful.
 Enjoy your day.
 That's the main thing.
 Yeah, the main thing is that you have a really good day.
 Enjoy your Christmas.
 Hope you got lots of amazing presents, and here is an extra rarely episode of No Such Thing
 As A Fish.
 Oh, ho, ho, ho.
 Such Thing As A Fish.
 Sure.
 Okay, on with the podcast.
 On with the son of God, cast not like.
 On with the son of God, cast not like.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing As A Fish, a weekly podcast this
 week coming to you live from Birmingham!
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and
 James Harkin, and once again, we have gathered around the microphones this time with our four
 favorite Christmas facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy, my fact is that in 1958, the Queen's speech was lost on the
 day of delivery, and then found by a nearby poodle.
 It's a heartwarming Christmas story for the ages.
 Oh, though what it says to me is that the cogs are really shit at fundamentally.
 Yeah, that's true.
 This was in 1958, so obviously she hadn't been done many of these speeches before, pretty
 nerve-wracking, still live delivery, and one of the most important copies of the speech,
 one with all the producers' notes on it, was lost, and then found by a poodle.
 So what was the poodle doing there?
 I thought security was quite tight around the Queen.
 I think it was not by the Queen, so if it, I mean she would have found it, if it would have
 been next to her.
 But surely, it must have been near the Queen.
 I think it was at a nearby train station, was it?
 What?
 So this poodle has no involvement in the story.
 Well, no, he's the main protagonist in the story.
 I don't know if you heard the story.
 Sorry, no, so what I mean is it's not like the poodle was in Buckingham Palace going
 to have lost script, I'm on it. No, no, no, no, no, they didn't summon it in to find the script.
 And did they?
 No, no, no, they didn't summon it in to find, Jesus.
 You don't say I've lost a script somewhere in the United Kingdom, I need one poodle.
 The poodle at a train station noticed a bag, there was a bag, and the poodle went over
 and explored it.
 I can't remember the name of the poodle, I don't think I wrote it down.
 How did he know it was the Queen's speech?
 Well, he did a sort of series of mimes to his master.
 The owner of the poodle was a guy called John Harvey, who then took it to the police.
 The Queen's speech was saved, and things just carried on.
 That's normal.
 Right.
 Thank God, because where would we have been without that speech?
 Right, right.
 Everyone remembers the 1958, right?
 I remember the 1959 speech, and when I say I remember, I'm not that old, but I can tell
 you about the 1959 speech, because it was the first speech that had a joke in it, as far
 as I can see, because I read through the early ones, and this one, the Queen said, she explained
 all the places they were going, all these new countries in the Commonwealth, and she
 said, "So between us, we are going to many parts of the world.
 We have no plans for space travel at the moment."
 I mean, I'm not saying there was a great joke.
 It passes our bar for jokes, but I'm not sure it passes many people's.
 There was a good one in 1957.
 I mean, like, classic in 1957, I would say, again, it was still live, and the Queen was doing
 her speech.
 And mid-speech, there was interference in the signal for the speech itself on TV.
 So while people were watching, suddenly they could hear American police officers coming
 over in place of the Queen speaking, and the line that was heard most by most people was,
 "Jo, I'm going to go grab a quick coffee."
 That was suddenly just in the middle of the Queen's speech in 1957.
 Some of them, they put them out on telly, but there was no picture.
 Yeah, I think between 1952 and 1957, they realised they had television now, and so they brought
 us on TV, but she didn't have a makeup done or something, so the first TV broadcast was
 in 1957, wasn't it, where you could actually see her, but before that, you could just listen
 to her, but watching a black TV screen.
 Wow.
 Well, we're in it.
 So people might not have really known much about the Queen what she looked like and stuff
 like that.
 So when they heard someone saying, "Jo, I'm going to get a coffee," did they maybe think it
 was the Queen doing that?
 Yeah.
 I think from all the money they knew what she looked like.
 Yeah.
 Okay, here's a challenge for you.
 Can you guys guess one thing that she never does while she is recording the speech?
 Perlesque.
 That's fair.
 That's technically the correct answer.
 It's a correct answer.
 I've never seen her stuffing a turkey.
 Yes.
 And you've got to re-frame the question.
 I think I've got for a long time.
 She never takes a wee.
 She never stands on her head.
 She doesn't smile in a genuine way.
 She does her kind of queen smile.
 She doesn't do this sort of big, friendly smile.
 She has a kind of controlled smile.
 She's got a queen smile.
 That's cool.
 Yeah, but there is.
 There was a time where the soundman decided, "Oh, she's got such a nice smile.
 I'm going to see if I can make a smile during a thing."
 So he attached a sign saying, "Smile to the camera boom arm."
 And he put a sprig of holly and some tinsel next to it, and she saw it and she immediately frowned.
 And he was less victim of capital punishment to this country, I'll say.
 I discovered while reading about the Queen's Christmas Broadcast set, she is a podcast pioneer.
 Is she?
 Yeah.
 The Queen's speech was released as a podcast in 2006.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 We started in 2014.
 Like, that's how distant it is.
 And I haven't heard it, but I assume it's the same as the speech, but yeah, it's not very long.
 It'd be very long.
 You know, she could have done a podcast slant once Father wrote a pardo.
 That's why it's not...
 Queen's speech.
 Stop the Queen's speech.
 Hello.
 We're sponsored this week.
 Right.
 The Royal Mint.
 My all of you.
 Of course, before the Queen's speech was the Queen's speech.
 It was the King's speech.
 All right, so it started.
 I think the first one was 1932, although it only became a yearly thing in '39.
 And 1932, actually, so John Rhys, who was general manager of the BBC at the time, had been
 trying to persuade King George V to do a King's speech for years.
 And he really didn't want to.
 He was sweetly shy and nervous and thought he wasn't a very good speaker and was a technophobe,
 so didn't really understand this new fangled radio thing.
 And he finally was persuaded to do it when it turned out that Roger Kipling was going to
 write it for him and then he thought, "Okay, well that sounds good."
 He wrote it for him.
 Yeah, he wrote the speech for him.
 Jungle Book guy.
 Yeah, Jungle Book guy as some people know him better.
 What a speech.
 The bare necessities.
 The simple.
 No, it wasn't.
 He wrote some other stuff as well.
 Okay, cool.
 Yeah, so it was one of those other things.
 Apparently, King George, from his naval days, I read, felt most comfortable in small rooms.
 And so he, even though they made a fake recording studio, which was one of the grand rooms in
 the palace, he actually recorded it in a box room under the stairs at Sandringham House.
 And yeah, it was Harry Potter.
 It was like Harry Potter, yeah.
 His hand was shaking.
 If you listen to it, you can hear the paper rustling because his hand was shaking so much.
 Wow.
 And he said it ruined his Christmas.
 Oh.
 Guess who produced the, can you, see, I've got another Christmas challenge for you.
 Yeah.
 See if you can guess who produced the messages between 1986 and 1991.
 Was it Dieter Von Tees?
 Oh, yeah.
 I wish I hadn't got you that book about Burlesque.
 No, it was not Dieter Von Tees.
 So a BBC producer.
 Yeah, but also a friend of the Queen's.
 Friend of the Queen's.
 Oh, Prince Charles.
 David Attenborough.
 David Attenborough.
 Yeah.
 Great fact.
 It's just not his normal thing, is it, you know?
 But he was, was he the guy, he was quite a famous producer before he did his other service.
 He was in the '60s, yeah.
 Is he the guy who, I might get this wrong, but is he the guy who decided to put Snooker
 on television to sell Colour TV's?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 It was when he was a control of BBC One, I think, when he said to sell Colour TV.
 Can I say, that's just a tiny bit worse than me saying, is that the Jungle Book guy to
 say David Attenborough is either Snooker guy?
 Well, coming from you, the Queen, is that the woman off the money?
 Oh, why do we always argue at Christmas?
 Some more stuff about TV and movies around Christmas.
 Oh, yeah.
 Something like that.
 So there were four Flintstones Christmas specials, which, how exactly, they celebrate
 Christ's birth?
 I don't really know.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 They were pioneers.
 And there was a, there is a YouTuber called Jake Roper, and he decided to look at that classic
 Christmas movie Home Alone, and he found out that he looks at all the tricks that Kevin
 played on the burglars and found out what would happen in real life.
 So apparently, shame on me, I haven't seen this movie, but I believe this is what happened.
 Wow.
 I know.
 James, that's a better fact than whatever you're about to tell us.
 So apparently, at one stage, he heats up a door knob, and they burn their hand.
 And apparently, the temperatures needed to transfer enough heat to the outside knob would
 have melted the door or set the house on fire.
 But there is a crowbar that goes to the chest of one of the burglars, but that would have
 punctured his lungs and his heart.
 But it wouldn't matter, because Kevin would have already murdered both of them with the
 paint can trap. Apparently the force of those paint cans would have killed both of them.
 That would be a very different movie.
 What do you mean?
 Yes.
 How do you know?
 You don't know.
 I'm assuming.
 Maybe they both die.
 It is weird.
 It's like watching you read a foreign language where you don't understand it.
 You obviously don't quite know what, what this is in reference to at all.
 Look, I read the synopsis on Wikipedia.
 Do you know there's such a weird thing about Home Alone?
 So Joe Pesci, who was the bad guy who's not an idiot, he obviously was more used to doing
 kind of gangster films.
 He's in quite a lot of serious gangster films.
 And I think he might have thought this was a similar thing, so we went really method in
 Home Alone.
 So on the set of Home Alone, he refused to see Macauley Culkin at all, because he wanted
 Macauley to be really, really terrified of him.
 So you know, he didn't want to kill the magic of him being this bad guy.
 And in the scene where which you may remember, and I do remember, and James doesn't remember
 where he's hung up on a coat hook at one point, if you remember, by his coat.
 And Joe Pesci says to him, "I'm going to bite all your fingers off one at a time."
 And in one of the rehearsals, he actually bit Culkin really, really hard and drew blood,
 and he still has a scar.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Apparently, this little nine-year-old boy had to do a screaming fit and be like, "I don't
 care how many Oscars you've got, don't go around biting nine-year-olds."
 Ah.
 That's apparently an ET when they were filming it, Steven Spielberg needed Drew Barrymore
 to cry during a scene, there's a scene where she really solbs.
 And behind the scenes of it is that apparently before the take was done, Steven Spielberg leaned
 into her going, "It's going to be a good scene.
 You know, you'll be great.
 You'll be great."
 By the way, your dog just died.
 And then walked back, and she burst out crying, and that's her genuinely crying.
 Wow.
 Anyway, Merry Christmas.
 We need to move on to our next fact.
 Time for fact number two, and that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that as well as being the birthplace of Jesus, Bethlehem is also where
 we found the oldest known depiction of people having sex.
 Yeah.
 Of which is very, that's very ironic, because famously, that was a sex-free zone.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 As a sex-free zone, it was just they had two people of many people had sex, right?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But it is related to non-sex.
 They, Mary and Joseph, didn't have access to this piece of art, otherwise they would have
 known what to do.
 But they didn't have instructions.
 Yeah.
 So, yeah, I think this is such a weird coincidence.
 This is a really quite a beautiful piece of art.
 It's made of calcite.
 It's from 11,000 years ago, so it's a stone-aged piece of art, and it's kind of this couple
 of Androgenous humans sort of, I don't know how sex works when they're that Androgenous,
 but sort of intertwined, like legs over each other, look it up, it's very nice.
 Face to face, so the traditional way, and it, sure, sure, you could specify, but not missionary
 I would say.
 Well, when you look at it, it's quite hard to tell if it was meant to be upright or horizontal.
 So that's sort of in the eye of the beholder.
 Anyway.
 I'm really looking forward to your BBC 4 documentary on the history of art.
 So this, it is, when I first looked at it, I thought it just looked like a rock.
 Okay.
 Maybe I'm just not into my art, as much as other is.
 It doesn't look like a rock.
 It looks like two people gloriously intertwined.
 Sure.
 Okay.
 But according to artist Mark Quinn, depending on the perspective and how you look at it,
 it also resembles a penis, breasts, or a vagina, depending on which way you kind of move
 it around.
 So it's like a bit of trick art.
 Oh, cool.
 It is, it is very cool that that, because if you put it, if you put it sort of sideways onto
 you, so it says widest, it looks like the couple, one next to each other, and then if you move
 it so it's sort of end on, it looks like a penis.
 And then on the base, there's a cheeky vagina.
 So it's a very, it is amazing.
 A cheeky vagina.
 It's a dream for the price of one, isn't it?
 Yeah, it is.
 So basically your pawn hub of 10,000 years ago, because you could just search for any of
 three things, and then you would get it.
 Anyway, so it was found in the 1930s by some Bedouin Shepherd boys, and obviously it's now
 in the British Museum.
 It's quite nice that it was Shepherd.
 That's cool.
 Isn't it?
 Just watching the flock.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 The Deppers looked at their horny rock by night.
 Is that a star in this guy?
 Doesn't matter.
 Keep looking at the rock.
 We have no evidence.
 They got any kind of arousal out of it.
 They just, they found it, and then they gave it to an archaeologist.
 It's in an area just sort of within a few miles of Bethem, called Ain Sacri, and it's in
 a cave.
 And yeah, made by the Natufians, who were, they're called a sedentary people, which isn't as
 insulting as it sounds.
 It just means that they were not nomadic, very unusually for that time.
 They weren't nomadic.
 I think they're my favourite group of people from history than the Deppers.
 Really?
 Yeah, because the first example we have of anyone who domesticated the dog, they're the
 first examples we have of a big feast.
 They were the first example we have of beer.
 It might be just people are looking in that place and so on and so on.
 But I think they sound like a really cool bunch of people.
 The first known beer, I think, is 13,000 years BP, which is not a petrol reference.
 But so I didn't know about this phrase, but it sounds for before present.
 And I don't know why we need it when we have BC.
 But so it's 13,000 years BP, so I guess about 11,000 years BC.
 And when do you think before present, it sort of starts from, as in this?
 Well, just when you said it a few seconds ago.
 But not anymore.
 Now it's now.
 And so forth.
 Is it not that?
 I'm going to have to say your first answer.
 And it's not.
 It's 1950.
 OK, boomer.
 It's not when archaeologists just decided the present is 1950.
 That is so strange.
 It's really weird.
 It's because some people think it's like where there was atomic bombs.
 It's exactly that.
 It's that because of it.
 And so then any rocks from then on have some kind of radioactivity, so you can't use carbon
 dating as well.
 Everything's kind of screwed up after 1950 because of all the nuclear shit, as you say.
 There's a theory that it's the other Bethlehem.
 But it's the Bethlehem that we have where there is a church and a cave and all the tourism
 and religion.
 Why do you know the Bethlehem?
 There's one in Wales, for instance.
 It's not that one.
 I know there's one in Pennsylvania.
 It's not that one.
 There's one in the Galilee.
 And an Israeli archaeologist has said that although there probably won't be any proof
 due to modern building work, a lot of Jesus' life happened near the other
 Galilee or near the Galilee, and also that one is only a few hours of a walk from Nazareth,
 which is where Mary and Joseph traditionally came from.
 So it's more reasonable that a pregnant, heavily pregnant woman would have walked for a few
 hours.
 But did they say that they spent like weeks in the desert walking from one place to the
 other?
 They must have got really lost if it's this one right now.
 That's true.
 That's the thing they did, though.
 That's the weird thing.
 So the Nativity, the birth of Jesus is only mentioned in two of the Gospels anyway, Luke and Matthew,
 and it's only in Luke that they make the journey.
 So Matthew, they're already living in Bethlehem.
 And even in Matthew, this is the extent of the whole journey that we have, the impression
 of the donkey and the long trip.
 He just says, "You know it was for a census, so they both confirmed that they were going
 to Bethlehem for a census and they sort of happened to have a child while they were
 there.
 But when Joseph went to be registered with Mary, he was expecting a child.
 While they were there, she gave birth and wrapped him in bounds of cloth and laid him in a
 manger because there was no place for him in the inn."
 And that's it.
 That's all we have.
 And all the other stuff is from later the donkey, the long journey, the cave, it all comes
 from the proto-gospel of James.
 Wait, you didn't say the cave, did you?
 The cave.
 Oh, the cave, sorry.
 Yeah.
 They cracked open a cave and had a whale of a time.
 Traditional English Christmases used to have a mint pie in the shape of a manger and
 you would put a little Christ child doll in the pie, based on the pie, on the pie, which
 was sort of shaped like a manger, like kind of trough.
 And then you would put the Christ child in it and then at dinner time you would eat the
 pie.
 So sorry, did you eat the Jesus?
 No, you didn't eat the Jesus.
 The Jesus, I think, was an annual decoration to be done every year.
 Yes.
 The pie was just, the pie was the edible bit.
 See.
 She's complaining to the waiter.
 Wait a waiter, there's a Jesus in my pie.
 What comes next?
 Is there an ending to that joke?
 Are you joking?
 With the fly.
 Yeah, you are.
 No, no.
 What's the end to the fly joke?
 Oh, my God.
 Should we sit together?
 There's a fly in my soup.
 Don't you?
 Don't you?
 Don't you?
 Don't you?
 Don't you?
 Don't you?
 Everyone will want one.
 That's dated.
 It's the way we told it.
 Do you guys know where the animals come from and the nativity?
 You know where you usually have an ox and a kind of a duck in it, so they're not mentioned
 in the Bible either.
 They're not mentioned in the Bible, but they come from the gospel of pseudo Matthew, who
 appeared in the eighth century and claimed he should have remembered all this stuff.
 No, so pseudo Matthew wrote the gospel, which is where we get a lot of onitivity ideas.
 And he introduced the stable where Jesus was born and adds an ox and an ass, but he also
 added to the scene lions, leopards and dragons.
 No.
 That's so cool.
 Yeah, that's correct.
 If you want to do the nativity properly, if you're having an ox, you might as well have a lion,
 a leopard and a dragon.
 He said they were all wagging their tails to show their devotion.
 Have we spoken about nativity thefts?
 I can't remember if we've ever talked about it before.
 Are people stealing nativity scenes?
 Yeah, it is.
 And so there's been a huge rash of this in lots of places in the last few years, so there
 is another Bethlehem in Pennsylvania, and there a woman stole the crib in 2016 and broke
 a bit.
 The chief of police had to glue baby Jesus' leg back on.
 It was very embarrassing.
 So they had to put a security camera solely on the baby Jesus when they reinstalled it.
 But this keeps happening.
 So there's a place in Wisconsin called West Bend where 2017 Jesus was stolen, then they
 found it.
 They replaced the Jesus.
 And Chris was Eve, it was stolen again, the baby Jesus.
 And there was a police officer who saw a woman suspiciously cradling something.
 I don't know how you do that.
 And it was the replacement baby Jesus, they put back in.
 And the officer yelled, "Belie, stop."
 And she dropped the Jesus and pegged it.
 So now in West Bend, everything is bolted, literally everything is bolted down.
 The baby Jesus is plastered to the manger.
 And there is a camera which has hunting technology where when someone leans in for a
 closer look, a motion-activated trail camera kicks in and starts recording their every move.
 We need to move on in a sec to our next fact.
 We could talk about some erotic art.
 Oh, okay, yeah.
 Oh, sure.
 Well, I just wanted to quickly mention another very old piece of art, which is all the statues
 of this Egyptian god called Min, who I didn't know existed, but he was a god of fertility.
 And you see little sculptures of him from around the fourth millennium BC.
 So bloody long time ago, and he has a very close association with lettuce, and that is because
 so he's, oh, if you look at him, he's always seen standing with a very erect, very long penis,
 which he's cradling in his left hand, I think.
 And then he's associated with lettuce, which was…
 Suspiciously cradling.
 That's how you always suspiciously cradle something.
 If it's a penis, it is always suspicious.
 I don't know how she was cradling the baby Jesus though, is it?
 No, no, it was not.
 I'm sure.
 But, yeah, he was the god of fertility and associated with lettuce, and it was thought the lettuce
 was the most aphrodisiacal food stuff, because it looks like a penis.
 But also, if you break a leaf off a lettuce, it oozes kind of white substance, and so this
 was really revered.
 Sorry, I must say that these are old lettuces that you would get in ancient Egypt.
 If you go to St. Brees and get an iceberg, what it doesn't look like a penis, and to it
 doesn't ooze white liquid.
 It looks a tiny bit.
 Is that remain long, romaine, long phallic thing, but yeah, it looks less like a penis and
 doesn't do the oozing?
 Waiter, waiter, there's a penis in my lettuce.
 That one actually doesn't have an ending.
 Sorry, can I say one last thing about nativity?
 Sorry.
 It's just there was a nativity set available on Amazon.
 I've read a lot of reviews of nativity sets that you can buy for yourself, and there is
 one set that is available on Amazon for £3.69, so this is a very, you know, cost.
 Reasonably priced.
 Reasonably priced, nativity set, and the main review for it says this, bearing in mind
 the price, I did not expect a work of art, but I did hope for something tasteful.
 The three figurines were tatty and badly painted.
 Joseph had white paint splattered all over his cloak and down his staff.
 The bit, the bit, no, stop.
 Are you sure that wasn't lettuce juice?
 It gets, like this nativity gets worse, the beard on the right side of his face was higher
 than the left and covered his whole nose.
 Mary's paintwork was even tattier.
 She has two left hands.
 Baby Jesus has a right eye that is twice the size of his left eye and his mouth is on the
 right side of his face.
 So it is an optimist thing.
 And there was no dragon.
 Oh, we need to move on to our next fact.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is the most likely time in the year to have a heart attack is during
 a family Christmas gathering.
 This is absolutely true.
 This was research that was done in Sweden.
 They looked at data of 283,000 heart attacks.
 It took place in the country between 1998 and 2013, and they found that at 10pm on December
 the 24th, which is when the Swedes celebrate, that is when the Christmas gatherings happen,
 that is when it was most likely to happen, 37% more likely to happen on Christmas Eve,
 then say 20% on New Year's Day or any other period of the year.
 That is really good.
 They got this information from a database they have of 283,000 heart attacks, and the database
 is called "sweet heart."
 That is sweet.
 It is something that ruins lives.
 Do we know what they think it is due to, is it due to Christmas arguments?
 It is due to arguments, stress, did I get the right present?
 I have all the family here, we have uncles and aunties and children who do not usually hang
 in one room necessarily or when they do.
 You say it is due to, obviously we do not know why it is, but we are speculating that
 it is because of that.
 It was not like they interviewed everyone mid heart attack and said, "What is it that you
 think is caused this?"
 And they said, "Well, my wife is being a real bitch in the kitchen."
 Yeah, yeah.
 People thought it was the cold quite a lot, but then they did a similar study in the Southern
 hemisphere and found quite similar results, I think, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 I think it is monopoly.
 Have you seen this about monopoly this year?
 They have released the longest ever game of monopoly.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Because they are always doing new additions.
 Yeah, so the newest addition, they have 66 properties that you can get instead of 28.
 There are 40 extra spaces, but you only have one dice, so it takes you way longer to get
 between each one.
 And the game carries on until one player has absolutely everything on the board.
 So you keep going into more and more and more debt, and basically you just keep going forever
 until one person wins all the money.
 That is good, isn't it?
 Because that is what I have always said about monopoly is that it is just over too fast.
 Actually, in 2016, Hasbro ran, they are very good at PR stuff.
 They ran a monopoly helpline from the 24th to the 26th of December to stop literally because
 they said, people always argue while playing this dreadful board game of ours.
 Yeah.
 And the idea was the person at the end of the hotline wouldn't solve this sort of like family
 dynamic argument.
 It would be, I will tell you what the official rule that you were disputing, because that is
 the main thing that, so there would be people.
 So people in the list of why people would call would be or why the arguments happen.
 Free parking.
 No one really knows officially what the rules are, and that would be a big thing that they
 would argue about.
 And then it would be stuff like people taking too long to take their turn, someone buying
 a property that you want when they definitely didn't need it.
 On the top of the list, it was people being--
 That's allowed.
 I know it's allowed.
 That's the best part of the game.
 Exactly.
 Well, this is why your attitude is causing, and yeah, the top being people being too cocky
 when winning.
 So this is just a helpline of people who can't be asked to read the instructions, which
 are all of four pages long, is that what we're saying?
 Yes.
 Right.
 Just checking.
 Who this was targeting.
 There are theories about why people argue-- it's not an actual psychological theory, it's
 about why people argue over Christmas.
 And one theory that I really like is that there are things which are social allergens.
 So you're not allergic the first time someone makes a time some joke to you over Christmas.
 But by the fourth or fifth time, you're having a very much stronger reaction, even if it's
 someone completely different, making that joke again.
 I don't know.
 Don't talk too loud.
 Everyone will want one.
 Oh, so there was a study done recently, which asked people their main reasons for post-Christmas
 grumpiness.
 So people get very depressed in January.
 It's sort of kind of depressing things, like suicides go off on New Year's days, the biggest
 day for suicide.
 But happily Christmas days, the smallest day for suicide.
 So people hang on.
 But people get upset in January.
 And--
 Can I just apologise for my fact?
 I've never--
 Probably if I did this to us, don't I?
 It's a depressing fact.
 No, the main reason people get upset after Christmas, apparently, is because, hey, there
 were a list of 20.
 One of them was, our house is full of Christmas presents, and I don't want most of them.
 Which, extremely ungrateful, apparently, children become a complete nightmare because they
 get used to the indulgence of Christmas, which I don't know if that's true, but they become
 terrorists, basically, and then people cite it chocolate withdrawal symptoms.
 That's not real.
 Top 20, why I'm grumpy in January, medical chocolate withdrawal.
 One bad thing that, in the olden days, would happen just after Christmas, in the 1600s in
 Wales, they had a tradition where you would beat up the last person to get out of bed on
 Boxing Day.
 And is that why it's Boxing Day?
 No.
 They would also, around the same time, they would throw food at the wall on Christmas Day,
 and whenever it's spelled out on the wall, that's who you would marry.
 What, I mean, did they have alphabetsis spaghetti in 16th century Wales?
 What?
 Can you help to spell out?
 I suppose if they're trifle, they'll go, "Urgh!"
 Yeah, you're right.
 I suppose maybe, like, spaghetti, they probably don't have spaghetti in those days, did they?
 Wow.
 Have you guys heard the song?
 An eel.
 They would get an eel from the table and throw that at them.
 Again, their name of bed have again with S.
 Oh.
 Have you guys heard of this song from 2004 called the 12 STIs of Christmas?
 No.
 This was a song written by the Department of Health as part of a public safety campaign,
 and it was to teach people, especially young people, about the risks of unsafe sex.
 And it started.
 It had all the verses, so it started on the first day of Christmas.
 My true love gave to me a bug that made it hard to pee.
 OK, so that's right, but they kept mixing up the verses all the way along.
 So I just want to share a verse nine with you on the ninth day of Christmas.
 My true love gave to me, genital waltz, tricombone, he asks his helper, tightest pubic,
 lies gonorrhea.
 Genital herpes syphilis, glermidia, and soles that spread a-na-lea.
 That's real.
 That's an official thing.
 I reckon no one has ever stood on this stage and sung the word gonorrhea quite as beautifully
 as you did.
 There was a study in 2016, and it was a Christmas study, so it was quite light-hearted in its
 intent.
 But it's had recent estimates show Santa has to travel 510 million kilometres at nearly
 the speed of light each night before Christmas, while controlling the estimated 5.6 million
 reindeer necessary to pull his 2.3 million tons sleigh.
 Considering one fatality in commercial aviation about every three 23 billion passenger kilometres,
 and assuming that Santa's lay is not considerably safer than a standard aeroplane, Santa would
 die on duty every 45 years.
 When's the next one due, do we know?
 Well, statistically he should have died four times since his first appearance in the 18th
 century, but he keeps on surviving.
 He's fine.
 He's okay.
 Yeah.
 They looked at some injuries in America between 2007 and 2016 over Christmas.
 These are just injuries, but 36,000 people just over died from, sorry, got injured from electrical
 decorations, 80,000 got injured from other types of decorations, 17,928 got injured from artificial
 trees, and 277 children were hurt during interactions with a Santa impersonator.
 And apparently, according to the researchers, their examples they gave is by either falling
 off his lap or falling while running away in fear.
 Oh, we need to move on to our final fact of the show, and that is James.
 Okay, my fat this week is that Mariah Carey has three Christmas trees, one of which is decorated
 with pictures of herself.
 Okay, so this is the modern day Santa Claus, Mariah Carey, and she has a main 19-foot
 tree in her living room.
 She has a smaller one in her bedroom, and she has one in the family room area that they
 call the Charlie Brown tree.
 And it's a really cute, kind of slightly, scraggly looking one, but they put polarise of the
 family as well, not just her, so it's a nice, it's a nice thing.
 And she has told us all about what happens at her Christmas.
 She always takes a plane to Aspen in Colorado, and she comes off the plane and she gets onto
 a sleigh pulled by reindeer while they play all I want for Christmas is you again and again
 and again.
 Yeah, and she absolutely loves that.
 Actually, she does really like her own music.
 She likes to do stuff with her own music.
 According to her ex-husband Nick Chanan, when she gave birth, as the babies came out, they
 were playing a Mariah Carey song, and they didn't just want any old Mariah Carey song.
 They wanted a live version of Mariah Carey's singing fantasy in Madison Square Garden,
 so that when the babies came out, they came out to a round of applause.
 Wow, she is the absolute moby dick of pop divas.
 She is just, yeah, the perfect.
 Wait, is the monkey one decorated with pictures of her?
 Yes.
 It's just like, like I say, Charlie Brown.
 It's kind of a more traditionally, kind of a small one.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 I think it's quite sweet, actually.
 Yeah, the thing is, Mariah Carey, I think we need a few people who exist in that diva land
 that we just celebrate as opposed to going there crazy, because it's so amazing to know
 that there's someone out there just living this insane life.
 And all these rumours, we don't know which ones are true, and which ones are false.
 So the things like people say, she never wears a watch.
 She can whistle with her hands.
 She never wears a watch.
 She's not diva behaviour.
 I mean, you're not wearing a watch right now.
 Ooh, damn, try by the Mariah Carey of noses, I think it's a fish.
 She has supposedly an extreme aversion to overhead lighting, and has, as she claims,
 that elevator lighting is toxic.
 And the thing is, some people sometimes pick her up on the fact that she has these big
 rumours about her and ask her about it.
 And often the answer is crazier than the actual accusation.
 She was interviewed by someone who said, there's a rumour going around that you only bathe
 in bottled water, sort of sparkling water.
 She said, that is insane.
 I bathe in milk.
 I don't think that was actually with Mariah Carey, though, that interview, because this was
 in the Guardian, and the description is so bizarre, but basically, he's sort of led into
 this room where he says, it's dimly lit, and he can barely make her out.
 And she's sitting in a weird throne, and then she asked to be moved to a different chair,
 slash throne, doesn't she?
 And there's this sort of air throughout that all he can see is her glittering diamonds
 and sort of the red of her outfit in this weird dimly lit space.
 And I think she's just sending stand-ins around the world to repeat mad stuff about her.
 But there are clues that it might have been her.
 She wasn't wearing a watch for instance.
 She whistled to beckon him.
 So this song, all I want for Christmas is you, is, I think it's just over 25 years old.
 Really?
 Yeah, it's now an oldie, and when she was told, when Mariah Carey was told that the song
 was turning 25 years old, she had an amazing response.
 She just said, I don't acknowledge time.
 That's why she doesn't wear a watch.
 She doesn't acknowledge time, because she doesn't have birthdays.
 We don't truly know when Mariah Carey was born.
 That's a real thing.
 She was either born, I think it was in 19...
 What are the two days?
 I think it was at 59 or 1960?
 Yeah, exactly.
 And we don't fully know.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 She was either born in 1969 or 1970.
 She was either born in 1969 or 1970.
 We don't fully know, because we haven't got the birth certificate to tell.
 But she doesn't have birthdays.
 She has anniversaries, because she doesn't acknowledge time.
 Well, it's still acknowledging time if it's an anniversary, isn't it?
 You just given it a different name.
 Good point, yeah.
 She hasn't thought this one through.
 Yeah, no, she's, I think she's a fascinating character, and the amazing thing, all I want
 for Christmas is you.
 She's expanded it into so many territories.
 There's a movie that she made recently, an animated movie, all I want for Christmas
 is you, the kids' cartoon, which I watched the other night.
 She's made...
 I'm sorry.
 You watched.
 Yeah, I saw it the other night.
 Was it good?
 Yes, fantastic.
 Yeah.
 Did your son enjoy it?
 He doesn't watch that shit.
 He's...
 I put it on.
 He was like, "I'm out."
 You went to play with his Thomas the Tank Engine toys, so I watched it on my own.
 But it's...
 That is so depressing.
 Why?
 It's a fantastic song, a fantastic movie.
 She's a fantastic human who doesn't acknowledge that time exists.
 Like, it's...
 How long is the film?
 If time doesn't exist.
 To be fair, it did feel like forever, but by it.
 There is a whole article deconstructing the meaning of the song "All I Want for Christmas
 is You" on the Atlantic, which is really good, and it kind of does it slightly academically.
 So it says, "The author carefully sets out her premises.
 There exists an entity, I, representing conscious selfhood.
 This entity exists in relation to material space, a lot, and seasonal time for Christmas.
 The entity expresses this relationality through the vocabulary of desire or want, and though
 its desires could theoretically be expansive, they are not.
 Yet how could we understand the author's examination of Christmas as anything but an implicit
 critique of capitalism?
 Hmm.
 She doesn't want all the other stuff of Christmas.
 She just wants you.
 They've plagiarised her notes when she was writing that song, haven't they?
 Because she did write it, we should say.
 I didn't quite realise that she wrote all of her songs.
 I come in my hand when number one she's had, but it doesn't.
 She did write basically all of them.
 She co-wrote that one, I think, right?
 She co-wrote it.
 I think as a co-writer, she is unique in that she has had one number one hit for every year
 of the '90s, and no one else has had that.
 She's had...
 Yeah.
 So she's...
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 Or the very least character of them.
 And there is a theory.
 Our colleague, James Rawson, who is a big moral carry fan, he has a theory that all the
 deeper stuff is actually to distract us, and it doesn't draw attention to the fact she's
 a very good songwriter, and she has a five octave range, which is almost unheard of.
 But, you know, if she goes on about that, it might sound vain.
 So she just does the fun, deeper stuff instead.
 Yeah.
 Well, though, I don't want to suggest her career is going downhill, but last year she was
 doing the tube announcements in London.
 Well, should I say?
 She did the "Please mind the gap".
 Well, she did...
 She did, uh, please...
 All I want for Christmas is Houston.
 Ah!
 Very, very strong.
 The next train will be along at some point.
 When?
 No.
 No, she did.
 She did a "Please stand clear of the yellow line", and also have you heard my new album, "Tube
 Announcement".
 Wow.
 But did she actually save the new album, though?
 She did, yeah.
 Oh, wow.
 And this year is a fight like every year for Christmas number one.
 Last year, it was won by...
 We built this city on sausage rolls, by Ladd Baby, and as a kind of comment against that,
 there is a couple called Gavin Chapel Bates and Giles Bryant, who are from Cambridge
 and Suffolk respectively, and they've recorded a single called "Peace on Your Plate", which
 is the world's first vegan Christmas single.
 The lyrics include "Children are playing by the fireside, there's magic at your tide, but
 in a different land, it's a different scene in a factory shed, the animal's scream".
 That honestly makes your fact, Dan, look like it's a wonderful life.
 I think it's on vertical at the first vegan Christmas song, when I think a lot of other
 Christmas songs haven't been rampantly carnivorous.
 Do you know who invented Christmas songs?
 Christmas carols.
 Oh, it can't have been named after someone called Carol.
 I wish it was...
 No, it was a guy called Edward White Benson, who was the Bishop of Truro in the 19th century,
 late 19th century.
 And basically, carols were sung in pubs, and he wanted to move them to churches.
 And he went on to be an Archbishop of Canterbury, he was quite a big deal, but he had this
 extraordinary family life, so he was married.
 His wife had, she kept a diary of her lovers, she had 39 lesbian lovers, so she was gay, she
 kept the diary, she had this.
 They had six children, four of whom were gay, and two, so there are two sons, one went on
 to be a famous poet, the other went on to be a famous novelist, one of their two daughters
 who was gay stole her mother's girlfriend, and he was there being the Archbishop of Canterbury,
 just...
 Wow.
 And then the mother, she was called Mary Benson, and Gladstone, at the time, called Prime Minister,
 called her the cleverest woman in England, which, you know, she had 39 lovers, that's pretty
 smart.
 Yeah, but not when they count all those STDs she got that in.
 We're going to have to wrap up very shortly.
 Anything before we do?
 Just some more Christmas songs.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So, for instance, the song "I Saw Mummy Kissing Santa Claus" was condemned by the Roman
 Catholic Church in Boston, because they said it was showing adultery because mummy is kissing
 another man.
 And it was only when the guy who sang the song to me by met with the church leaders to
 explain that actually in this song, the part of Santa is being played by the father in
 this.
 And then they lifted their condemnation.
 I think it makes sense to release Christmas songs.
 So, I was looking at the royalties that you get in 2016, Channel 5 did a review of all
 the biggest songs that gets the "Numor and Royalties."
 So, she came in at number three.
 What do you think?
 Number two and number one.
 Are they Christmas songs?
 Christmas songs.
 I think it'll be Slades, Merry Christmas, everybody.
 Number one.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 How cool is that?
 And according to this report, they get 1 million pounds in royalties a year from that
 alone.
 Slade.
 Not all of them wrote it though.
 It's only naughty holder and maybe one of the blues.
 Yeah.
 So, probably naughty is getting mostly.
 They get, they get up between them and the other bandmates get nothing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Way.
 I didn't even say no way.
 I just said no.
 But here's the thing, you don't even need to have written a good song that people have heard
 about.
 In 1978, there was a guy called Randy Brooks who wrote a song called "Gramma got
 run over by a reindeer."
 It's called 40 million copies.
 It's been covered three times.
 The family have just been pulling in royalties each year.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Why have we not heard of this?
 Has anyone heard of that?
 Oh.
 Oh, really?
 It's a famous song.
 Famous song?
 We just don't know anything.
 There is a, there is a phone called "Mood Media" which provides tunes to shops.
 So, you know, 300,000 American shops have this music provided by this one firm.
 And they have 30 different Christmas music channels.
 That's how many different kinds of mood shopkeepers might want to evoke in their shops.
 What?
 So, if you run a small Christian bookshop, you might not want to have the raunchy Lady Gaga
 Christmas songs.
 Oh, yeah.
 Okay.
 But if you're selling, if you've got a cool shop for young people, then you might want to
 play a song called "Christmas in Harlem" by someone called Kanye West.
 Yeah.
 Well, those some of the classic Christmas songs are raunchy than you might think.
 I love them.
 I think Christmas Carols didn't really start being sung in churches until the 19th century
 when they had to rewrite lots of them.
 But, deck the hall, the open deck, the hall with Bowser Holly, the opening line used to
 be, "Oh, how soft my fair ones, bosom, fa-la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la."
 Wow.
 Did it really?
 Yeah, it was a Welsh song about how fit someone's girlfriend was.
 Of course.
 Oh, come.
 Are you faithful?
 Have you tried their lair to us?
 Yeah.
 I just, you know, that song, "Oh, come on, you're faithful."
 If you sing that, you're technically pleading for the French to invade England.
 And because...
 At this stage, why not try it?
 Like...
 That feels like the big reset button that we need to hit at this point.
 Oh.
 Yeah, it was written by John Francis Wade, who was an English Catholic, and he fled the country
 during the 1745 rebellion, and he wrote this song.
 And it was basically, "Oh, come the Catholics to England and save us from the Protestants."
 That's weird, because he must have screwed up the lyrics, "Come, ye, oh, come, ye to Bert Esleyhem."
 Unless...
 Well, he was talking about the Bethlehem in Wales.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy...
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 James?
 Ah, James Harkin.
 And Shazinsky.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing, or our website "nosuchthing"
 as a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from upcoming tour dates to all of our previous episodes.
 And a link to buy our new book.
 Thank you so much, Birmingham.
 We'll see you again.
 Good night!
 Thanks.
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 (audience applauding)
