 Hi everyone, welcome to this, the first of two very special episodes of No Such Thing
 as a Fish. Now, anyone who's into comedy will know that the Edinburgh Fringe Festival
 has just begun up in Scotland and we are not going there this year but what we thought
 we would do is highlight some of our very favourite comedians who will be up there.
 So if you're travelling up to Edinburgh, you can listen to this and decide who you
 like and who you want to get tickets for. These are some of our very, very favourite
 comedians out on the circuit right now. We handpicked ones who we think you will especially
 like.
 Fact number one will be Ian Smith. He was nominated in 2023 for Best Show at Edinburgh
 for his show Crushing and he is the co-host of the Northern News Podcast with Amy Gladhill.
 It's an absolutely brilliant podcast. If you're not going up to Edinburgh then definitely
 check that out and find out more about him. After Ian, you will hear from Abby Howells.
 Now Abby is a New Zealand comic. You will know her from New Zealand Taskmaster and from
 Guy Montgomery's Guy Monspelling Bee. I know a lot of people in the UK dig around the internet
 to find episodes of those and Abby is a particular favourite of anyone who likes New Zealand
 comedy. She will be up in Edinburgh this year so definitely check out her show.
 The third person, fact number three will come from Aruj Ashfak. Now Aruj, she won the Best
 Newcomer at Edinburgh for her show Oh No in 2023. She is based in Mumbai and in fact
 she was the first India based comedian to ever win the award. She's absolutely brilliant,
 absolutely lovely. I know you'll love her.
 And then finally fact number four will come from Nish Kumar who needs no introduction
 I'm sure to anyone listening to this podcast but you'll know him from all British panel
 shows especially of course QI. Now a fifth person from this podcast who will be at the
 Edinburgh Fringe is a young up and coming start up called Dan Schreiber. He will be
 here with his other podcast The Cryptid Factor which I know a lot of you are fans of. He'll
 be here with Buttons and with Rhys Darby and they will be doing their crazy thing at the
 Gilded Balloon in the first week of the festival. So if you want to see Dan up there you're
 going to have to get in there quick. Anyway I really really hope you enjoy this podcast.
 It's something a bit new for us having four different guests on but we really enjoy doing
 it and I really hope you guys will enjoy it too. If you like what you hear from Nish,
 Aruj, Abby or Ian then definitely check those out. If you're not going to Edinburgh then
 get on the internet, follow them all on social media, find out everything they've done on
 YouTube etc. And if you are going to Edinburgh and you see any of them then make sure you
 tell them that NoSix Thinkers and Fish sent you. Anyway that's enough from me. There's
 not much more to say apart from on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of NoSix Thinkers of Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from eight undisclosed locations around the world. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am
 sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and four very
 special guests and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favourite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go. Starting with fact number
 one and that is Ian Smith. At the 2020 British Puzzle Championship, Sarah Mills solved a
 1000 piece jigsaw puzzle in one hour and 40 minutes. That's an average of one piece every
 six seconds. That's not possible right? Like surely. No, I think it's easy, isn't it? Oh
 come on. Really? Six seconds. Sarah Mills listening to the podcast Furious. I don't know,
 that was a long time, right? And at the end, like the last one, you don't have to think
 about that. Okay, so we can minus the last one in the first one, right? The time is
 sort of really extended out by that first bit where you're just turning them all around.
 Ian, why are you into jigsaws? Is that why you picked this? Well, not really, no. I think
 it started because I was in the Highlands. Me and my girlfriend, we walked past a charity
 shop and we saw like a mad Ravensburger jigsaw, like a really surreal underwater scene that
 looked like it had been compiled by a kind of like Salvador Dali-esque artist. And she
 was laughing at it and she said she'd really loved the jigsaw. But the shop was closed.
 So just by googling descriptions of what I saw in the jigsaw, I tried to track it down.
 And we did that, but then I became very paranoid. I think I have this pessimism that as the
 jigsaw was getting closer to completion, I was convinced that a piece wasn't there.
 Right. Oh, Ian, I thought what you were going to
 say is that when you finished it, she was going to split up with you and the jigsaw was
 the only thing keeping you together. So I'm hiding pieces around the house. No, I sort
 of, I lost my head a little bit. And at one point, I'm not proud of this. I emptied the
 Hoover and I looked through all the dust because I thought I'd hoovered up a jigsaw piece.
 I think at one point it was pointing out to me that I'm getting the floor very dirty.
 But I was very happy with that because I was holding a Hoover. I had all the tools to sort
 of clean this up again. But yeah, the piece wasn't missing. The piece was resting on top
 of the jigsaw on a color that it looked similar to. No.
 But yeah, then I sort of entered a jigsaw speed tournament because I thought that'd
 be a fun thing to do with my girlfriend. But yeah, we accidentally entered, I think like
 a championship event. The barriers to entry in the jigsaw world
 seems lower as in normally you can't accidentally enter like the 100 meters at the Olympics.
 And like they really are strict about that. So were you a pair entry? Because this is
 the thing, isn't it? Like, individuals do 500 pieces and then pairs normally do 1000
 pieces. Yeah, yeah. We were a couple, I'm not trying
 to frustrate on the jigsaw community, but we felt like we were the most attractive couple
 at the jigsaw event. I'm sorry, but it was an older group. And we felt like we were really
 young and dynamic. Like I was wearing a leather jacket and sunglasses. I was really playing
 up to the sort of bad boy of jigsaw. The James Dean of jigsaws.
 What everyone wants to know, Ian, is how you did?
 Well, I think that's why I've tried to overcompensate at the beginning by saying we were the coolest
 couple. We did not finish. We didn't finish. And we sort of snuck out because we were there
 for three hours, and we had not done a lot of the jigsaw. And multiple people were already
 standing up and sort of fist pumping. So we just sort of slowly slid it back into the
 box and yeah, I went home. It was quite sad.
 What's the vibe like, Ian? Is it like, if you make any noise, do you get tutted at and
 stuff? It's very serious. Like everyone has a kitchen
 spatula. Everyone except us. Is that for spanking their colleagues if they make a mistake or
 they try and jam a piece in where it doesn't go?
 It's a very racy event, actually. It's apparently to scoop the jigsaw pieces with more ease.
 Because it's quite hard to pick them up. So they scoop in them. The table that won had
 two electrolyte pouches on their table, like if you were running American. And we're like
 doing them for energy.
 If you didn't have a spatula, no wonder you took three hours and hadn't done any of it.
 We didn't have the tools.
 I can't see how a spatula would help though. I struggle getting an egg out of the frying
 pan and not having the yolk break, let alone trying to get a single piece of jigsaw with
 a spatula. That's a wild skill.
 I think the thing is that if you've done like a cat and you've done the cat, okay, you need
 to move the cat to another part of the table, then you don't want to pick it all up and
 move it.
 Beautiful. Okay, I get it now. Ian, you need to describe this better, mate.
 I'm sorry.
 That was kidding me.
 I think I've only truly learned what the spatula is for right now. I thought it was just for
 scooping, like clearing the table up. But as soon as you said that, I was like, "Yeah,
 that is so clearly what that spatula is for."
 It's such a shame that you didn't, because you know every year there's like, "Oh, this
 guy, he tried to do the marathon and okay, he broke his leg halfway through or he didn't
 do it, but he kept going and three days later, everyone's cheering him over the line and
 that could have been you guys."
 Yeah, still in the venue. Everyone's left. It's like a function room. There's probably
 like another function on there now. It's just like a wedding going on. I'm like, "I'm so
 close now."
 Where did you do it, Ian?
 This was in Newmarket.
 Newmarket, right.
 There was also a car and motorbike event in the same building and it was so easily definable
 of like who was at which event.
 Well, no, they'll have seen you Ian in your leather jacket and thought, "Oh, he's probably
 here for the Harley-Davidson's."
 Did you find that was the end of your career and you've not been able to look at a jigsaw
 since or have you kept your hand in a little bit?
 I haven't done a jigsaw since. Me and my girlfriend were between flats at the minute. We thought
 we were going to be moving in a flat. It got delayed by a lot of times. So we're in like
 Airbnbs for like a week at a time. And with the speed we do a jigsaw, that's not enough
 time to set it up on a table and finish it.
 Do you have a jig roll?
 A jig roll? Is that like a Swiss roll jigsaw combination?
 I was just trying to gauge how professional you are because it's like a bolt of cloth
 that you do the jigsaw on. So you can keep a half-done puzzle on that and the pieces
 stick to it.
 I have one.
 Do you?
 Yeah, yeah. I've never done a jigsaw in my life, but I still have one.
 You've got to be prepared.
 Really?
 You never know.
 You've presumably got a spatula. James, you're halfway there to being the other one.
 What's the difference between a jig roll and, say, your average bit of cloth?
 I'll hand over to my colleague James here who's the other person.
 I've never opened it, so I'm not really sure. But I think it's like slightly more stiff
 than a piece of cloth. So you kind of roll it and it kind of keeps its form a bit more.
 Oh, nice.
 So it kind of holds the integrity of the jigsaw. But I think, like, I bought it for my wife
 because one time she told me she liked jigsaws and I bought her a jigsaw and a jig roll
 and it turned out she didn't like jigsaws after all.
 I think that happens a lot.
 I love the idea that James has a kind of potential hobby's chamber. It's this massive hangar
 and it's full of everything he might possibly want to take up. Like, there's a paragliding
 thing in there and there's like a golden backgammon set and all this.
 Just in case at 2am someone mentions it.
 Yeah.
 They're really secretive at these competitions. So Ravensburger, who are, I think, the big
 cheese of the jigsaw world, aren't they?
 Gibson will try and say they're a big cheese as well, but Ravensburger, they've put them
 in the ground.
 They've cornered the market and edged the market.
 Very strong, very strong. They will generate a new puzzle for every one of these competitions
 and they're kept in top secret conditions in their laboratory in Bister.
 People are so proud of their jigsaws. For example, there's a few charity shops down
 in the area that I live in Margate. In every single one, I saw a giant framed finished
 jigsaw that is just now a piece of art.
 Yeah.
 Dan, that has happened too. I think this is the largest puzzle ever made just two years
 ago in Derbyshire. It's 120,000 pieces. It's 30 centimetres tall, but it's a third of a
 mile long.
 What is the image of? Because it's quite hard to think like a snake would fit in that kind
 of aspect ratio or a worm.
 It's a sausage. It's just a very, very long, very long sausage. Hard to do.
 Wow.
 And that's framed.
 Oh, no, I'm thinking of a different one that was framed, which was 33,000 pieces, give
 or take. And a man called Graham Andrew in Norfolk was trying to do it with a load of
 volunteers like it was a real community effort. People would drop in and help. And as they
 got to the end, they had the nightmare situation that Ian had that four pieces were missing.
 And he had already thought of this. He had bought a second version of the puzzle just
 in case. So they sifted through 33,000 pieces to find the missing four. Unfortunately, they
 didn't quite fit because it wasn't exactly the same cut.
 Oh, God.
 And he said, Mr. Andrew said, I considered squishing them in, but decided it had to be
 done properly. So I asked the company to re-cut them. So the Jigsaw company had to send out
 like a specially print four pieces and send them out.
 And it's done. It's all done.
 It's done now. And that one has been framed and put up.
 Do you think the volunteers he got in one of them thought it is funny to take a piece?
 It's very cruel, but it would be really tempting to go, I'm going to help out for two hours.
 I'm going to really do a decoy, but I'm pocketing two of these pieces.
 It actually sounds like four people had that idea. And I can imagine them all going in
 the pub afterwards, going, you did it as well, you did it as well.
 There's one other cool Jigsaw that you can get your hands on, which I quite like. So
 Jigsaw puzzler people, people who do it, there's a word that describes them, which is dissectologists.
 So this was in the 18th century, when they were first made Jigsaws, they weren't called
 Jigsaws. They were called dissected puzzles or dissected maps. So I guess you were putting
 a dissected map back together. So you became a dissectologist. And in 1985, a guy called
 Tom Tyler founded a club for Jigsaw puzzle lovers. And it's called the benevolent confraternity
 of dissectologists. And this is a club that's still going to this day for Jigsaw.
 I've, I've, I've, I've been, I've, I bought my wife membership.
 No, oh my God. So you've got the exciting, did you get the exciting membership card?
 Yeah.
 Which is a Jigsaw.
 Oh, yeah.
 You know what? I thought buying my wife a Jigsaw and a Jigsaw, Matt was a really bad gift,
 but this is awful, Andy.
 We remain married.
 You can't even, you can't even rip up your membership card in protest because you're
 then just creating a fun puzzle.
 Do you know why Jigsaws are called Jigsaws?
 I could say you use a Jigsaw to cut them, presumably.
 Well, that is it. Apart from when they were invented, the Jigsaw hadn't been invented
 yet.
 Right.
 Now, they don't use Jigsaws anymore. Like they use lasers and stuff. So for a very short
 amount of time, they did use Jigsaws and that was when they named it. But for most of the
 start of their life and most of the end of life, you never use Jigsaws.
 That's so funny. The Jigsaw is the one that goes up and down and up and down, isn't it?
 And you push a bit of wood around in a shape and that.
 And it's named after the fact that it looks like the saw is doing a little jig.
 Right.
 Right.
 This is good. I didn't know that.
 Do you propose?
 That's very weird.
 I would change their name now to Lasers.
 Oh yeah.
 I think more people would buy them.
 In your sunglasses with your leather jacket in the front of the queue.
 With my laser club membership.
 Go down to laser quest, then go down to the laser club.
 All right. Well, we need to wrap up. Ian, you're going to be up in Edinburgh, right?
 With a new show.
 Yeah. I'm doing a show. It's called Foot Spa Half Empty, which is partly because you've
 got to name the show in January before you've written any of it.
 But yeah, it's on at 12.30 in the afternoon at Monkey Barrel.
 Yeah, I feel very excited about it. It's 20 minutes too long at the minute.
 But I've got a bit of time to get rid of that.
 But yeah, I'd love it if people could come along. Otherwise it would be sad if no one
 else comes.
 OK, it's time for fact number two, and that is Abby Howells.
 My fact is in 1386, a pig was put on trial for murder.
 OK.
 What?
 OK.
 Yes, the pig was a bit naughty. It did more the child to dead.
 Oh, wow. This got that quite quickly.
 Yes, but I have one fun fact that will hopefully wind it up.
 It was executed by a hanging, but they dressed the pig in human clothes to kill it.
 Good stuff.
 You're right. There's not there's not enough fun in execution, is there?
 That sends a message that it can be done. Yeah, I mean, it's pretty grim, eh? Dressing
 a pig up in a waistcoat and then hanging it.
 Oh, come on, it's a funny image. Until the hanging, it's a funny image.
 Can I make it even more grim? So she had six piglets and they were all put on trial as
 accessories to murder.
 What?
 What?
 That's really unfair.
 And they were found guilty.
 They were found guilty, but they were acquitted on grounds of youth and that the mother had
 been a bad example to them.
 OK, did they get a better lawyer for that bit of the trial?
 Yeah.
 Because clearly the first one didn't do a great job.
 Yeah, the pig represented themselves and it was a mess.
 Crazy, get a lawyer. No, it's fine.
 This is my moment. I can't do this.
 And then all else I found about it is the actual hanging as well. They had to give the hangman
 a new pair of gloves. After it was part of his pay was that he would get a new pair of
 gloves for doing the hanging.
 This is crazy.
 Yeah, although there was an article on JSTOR that said, and as they put it, the hangman
 in this case, it was in a place called Filets, I think in France, the hangman is still owed
 both for the execution and the new gloves.
 Still?
 Oh, what?
 My gosh.
 Yeah, he's turning in his grave waiting to be paid for this gruesome task because it's
 not easy to dress a pig up.
 It wasn't easy to be a hangman, to be honest, in those days. Like you would get your own
 house and you'd get fed and you'd get loads of stuff, but no one was allowed to come near
 you. No one was allowed to touch you. No one was allowed to talk to you. You'd be like
 a special person in their town, but you'd be completely away.
 Do you think that they are dressing the pig up? Who was ordering there? Was that the
 hangman who was like, listen, I've got an idea. It sounds a little bit crazy.
 I think maybe the local tailor.
 Oh, a bit of advertising.
 Yeah, then the local bluffmakers were like, I'm getting in on this as well.
 Yeah, because a lot of people went to watch, so you've got a big audience there. I read
 one account that they put a human face mask on the pig as well, but there's many accounts,
 so it's hard to know which one necessarily to trust. But I was reading a long article
 in the Medievalist, which is a site that talks about all the stuff that was happening
 back then. They said that in the 12th and 13th century, that the reason a lot of animals
 went on trial in this period. So something like 85 examples that we know of. The reason
 they were happening was law suddenly became a bigger thing in more places around Europe,
 and so there were way more lawyers than they had cases to deal with. And so they needed
 to get practice. And so quite often a lot of lawyers would defend a pig and try and
 get it off using new methods and like, oh, I tried this new thing out. The judge didn't
 like it though. Damn it. Okay, I won't do that with humans. So it's just like a testing
 ground. Because they did. They found cool ways of exonerating their clients, I guess.
 There was a 1500s French lawyer called Chathane, who built his whole legal reputation on being
 the counsel for rats that were on trial for destroying a field of barley. And first of
 all, so they didn't turn up to court when they were summoned. And he found this thing
 in the law that said that if you could plausibly have not seen the notice, then you don't need
 to turn up. And he was like, these rats live in loads of different places. So then every
 single parish council like within a 50 mile radius had to put like a big announcement
 out saying, okay, all rats need to come to court on this date. And then when they still
 didn't appear, the lawyer said, actually, there's a thing in the law that says if a
 person sighted to appear at a court, but they can't come safely, they are allowed to refuse
 to obey. And of course, these rats can't come safely because of the unwearyed vigilance
 of their mortal enemies, the cats who are always waiting.
 I was just wondering, like, you know, in terms of practicing law techniques and stuff, was
 it all that showmanship, you know, the wrestle dazzle that we see, like, I've got a surprise
 witness. He's like, a dog. And the dogs up there with like a cigarette, like, you'll
 never crack me.
 I was going, where did he get his suit? It's stunning. That tailor is good in this town.
 I think one of the theory is that if you were a landowner, and let's say someone at all
 your barley, some rats did, then you would want some money back for it. But you couldn't
 do that unless there'd been some legal process and someone had been found guilty. And so
 that's why these rats were put on trial so that the owners would get something.
 Right. Abby, is this a personal interest of yours? Did you study animal law at uni?
 Well, kind of. No. Well, I do. Okay. Here's, you know, here we go. I have a PhD. And my
 PhD is on women in prison and the way they've portrayed in television, film and theatre.
 Wow.
 It's not a good PhD. I don't treat anyone to find it. It's ideally scraped in. Like when
 I handed it in, they were like, you serious? And I was like, please. It's embarrassing
 for us if you don't pass. But basically a big chunk of my thesis was on public executions
 and like the spectacle of them because they were like, you know, that was the entertainment.
 Like you'd be like, oh, Friday night. What are we going to do? Should we pop down? See
 a lovely execution? Someone's been treasonous. Well, and if it's an animal being executed,
 like that's even better. That's more Rapool, isn't it? Because it's still a bit more rare.
 And you can have a barbecue afterwards. Yeah, I did wonder about that. Did they eat it?
 It feels like in those days, you wouldn't want to waste a pig, even a naughty one.
 Yeah. And one dressed so deshingly. Yeah.
 And one of the theories as to why they did all this stuff is because it just showed that
 the authorities were doing something, right? So all bad stuff's happening. People have
 been, you know, lost the barley or their animals have killed people and they're like, okay,
 well, we have to show that we're not just sitting back and letting this happen. So we're
 going to put something on trial. And quite often, like if your barley got eaten or whatever,
 it would be like all the mice are in trouble, but they would just pick one mouse and then
 put like a show trial on for that one mouse. That's a fiddly job for the tailor, isn't
 it? That's a challenging one. And probably a carpenter, presumably has to build a tiny
 dock for it to go into. What a gig.
 And I think people think maybe it didn't happen in England and Scotland and Wales. It was
 just Western Europe, like Switzerland, France, Italy, because we had jury trials. This is
 what a BBC documentary said. We had jury trials and it would be harder to, with a straight
 face, present a full jury. Well, these cases,
 your jury is supposed to be 12 equals, right? So you have to get, yeah, 12 pigs.
 That's a chaotic courtroom, isn't it?
 I'd love to know more about the hangman who, as was being mentioned before, is so isolated
 from the rest of the community that they presumably are just told, you've got a job today, you've
 got to kill someone. And they just keep rocking up. And he's like, what the fuck is this?
 It's a mouse. Yeah, it's, we've sort of expanded your brief recently. Jesus, how am I gonna
 get the noose around? No one prepared me for this.
 There's actually this hangman in New Zealand. Like, we had a murderer called Minnie Dean.
 And she's one of our most famous murderers that we have here in New Zealand. And she murdered
 children and put them in head boxes. When was this?
 I think like, maybe I want to say like late 1800s, early 1900s.
 Oh, it was a long time ago.
 Long time ago, yeah, yes. And she was found guilty and sentenced to execution. And they
 could find no one to hang her. No one wanted to do it. But they had this guy that basically
 had hung up his noose a long time ago. And then he'd gone to like live in the bush. And
 they were like, we've got to get this guy. He's the only one. And then they found him
 and he's like, I'll do it. But with one condition, I want to spend 30 minutes with her in the
 room. And so he went and like spent 30 minutes with her. And then he was like, I'll do it.
 So she must have been a punishing hang.
 What happened in that 30 minutes?
 No one knows what they talked about.
 That's a film.
 Yeah.
 Yeah. Yeah, I'm sure I've, I'm some very mediocre play scripts have been read about
 them. Pigs are still getting in trouble these days. Are they lots of naughty pigs around?
 Well, I just remember that great story of how Peppa Pig had an episode banned in Australia
 because she makes friends with a spider and they couldn't play that over there because
 it taught young kids to go and walk up to because didn't she say like spiders are our
 friends and they can't harm us or something like that?
 Yeah. But I don't think Peppa's met a funnel web. So it's sort of a big, big problem over
 in Oz. And I think in Korea, she was banned for it was like gangster related stuff.
 What?
 I haven't seen that episode.
 I know.
 I just pulled that from somewhere.
 Is it because she has a different number of digits?
 Yes.
 Who was that?
 That was banned.
 Was that postman Pat or someone like that who got banned because they were like the Yakuza
 with four fingers?
 I know there's one episode of Bluey you can't watch in America.
 Oh, yeah.
 Why?
 Can you guess why in fact?
 Okay.
 So we all know Bluey is the amazing kids show and it's about two dog parents and two dog
 kids.
 Yeah.
 Anti gun, Bluey wants a gun and they say, no Bluey, no T, no guns.
 It's close.
 In fairness.
 Oh, what else do Americans do? The death penalty. Was it death, the death penalty one where
 they execute?
 Yeah.
 Bandit was executed.
 Yeah.
 No, it's not that.
 What it is, is there's an episode where Bandit, who's the dad that gives birth or it looks
 like he's giving birth to a baby.
 Oh, yeah.
 And it's not really happening, but it's, he kind of finds himself in this position where
 he's laid down in a paddling pool and it looks like he's giving birth.
 And I think in America, they thought that this wasn't evidence of like a typical family
 because the man was giving birth.
 But he wasn't giving birth.
 No, he wasn't.
 But like, it's not always.
 You can't be lost in the plot of Bluey.
 I guess when people complain about these things, they're not always completely using
 excellent logic.
 Their brains.
 Yeah.
 Putting in their head.
 So animals are still a guang habi.
 Well, with public executions, like kind of they were initially done to sort of demonstrate
 like the power of the crown, right?
 Like they would have, they were quite theatrical, like quite dramatic.
 Like they would do stuff like, you know, someone receiving a pardon at the 11th hour and people
 would broaden in a carriage, like all extremely performative.
 And one of the reasons that public executions was phased out, there were many of them.
 But because people were given the ability to say last words, people started really liking
 the criminals.
 So like they'd either be like, oh, no, I'm so sorry.
 And they'd be like, oh, bloody hell, this, this seems better.
 I wouldn't want to be executed.
 Or they'd be sort of cavalier and be like, I did it and I do it again.
 And then they sort of became like folk heroes.
 So well, and it just leads me to think like, was the pink given an opportunity to give
 some last words?
 I'm trying to think what noise a pig could make to make the crowd go, oh, hang on, hang
 on.
 That's all folks.
 Presumably.
 You're right.
 So animals are still getting arrested all around the world.
 Oh yeah.
 In Mumbai last year, there was a pigeon who was arrested because they had some Chinese
 words written on their body and they thought it must be a spy.
 What were the words?
 Was it just?
 Cook this side up or something?
 No, it was more like sort of belonging to Taiwan Pigeon Racing Society.
 Right.
 But the people who captured it couldn't read it.
 So they assumed it was what kind of planes were making it in India or something like
 that.
 Google translate, guys.
 Just take a photo.
 Google translate.
 Just make sure.
 Here's another one.
 A few years ago, there were 14 squirrels arrested in Iran who were accused of espionage for
 the United States.
 Oh yeah.
 And apparently what was said was that they had little sort of electronic devices on them.
 Perhaps they were listening in or something like that.
 And then we never really heard anything else about it.
 A few journalists asked the head of police and he said, "Oh, I don't know anything about
 that."
 And basically experts have said that it would be a pretty stupid idea to use squirrels as
 spies because they're extremely unreliable and they tend to just run off wherever they
 want.
 And many, many problems with using them as spies, I would say.
 Yeah.
 They have terrible memories, don't they?
 Don't they bury their nuts and forget where they've buried them?
 And that's how trees grow, basically.
 That's how we have trees on our planet is just because squirrels don't know where dinner
 has been buried.
 Come on.
 They bury a lot of nuts.
 If you buried a thousand nuts, would you remember every single one's location, Dan?
 I'd probably pick one location to put all my nuts in.
 Well, that's your problem, Dan, isn't it?
 That's like the Dan Shriver squirrel would have died out because it just takes one person
 to find that cache of nuts and you have no nuts left.
 Oh, they wouldn't find it and I would have a mega tree, the biggest tree ever.
 Oh, my nuts combined.
 Hey, I read just while I was reading up on pigs and seeing the trouble they get into
 and so on, I came across something I've never heard of before, which is the pig toilet.
 You guys heard of a pig toilet?
 I don't know if I want to know, but go on.
 I'll tell you, you don't, but I've got to say it anyway.
 This is done in farms in China and other bits of Asia where pigs basically eat everything,
 including human feces.
 And so what it is is it's a toilet whereby a tube is attached where the feces goes down
 and it lands in a big bowl for the pigs to eat.
 It's their food bowl, basically, is the end of a human toilet.
 It's a real thing, the pig toilet.
 If that was me, I would maul a child to death.
 Yeah.
 That's what I'm saying.
 If I was the defense lawyer, I'd open with that.
 Maybe stop shitting in its food bowl.
 Maybe.
 Maybe that's the start of the problem.
 It's the real animals here.
 Yeah.
 We need to wrap up.
 Abby, tell us about your Edinburgh show.
 Where are you going to be?
 Hello.
 Yes, I'm coming to Edinburgh all the way from New Zealand.
 What the heck?
 And I'm doing a show called Welcome to My Dream.
 And I'm at Assembly in Studio 4 at 6.40 every single day.
 And my show is about mainly, honestly, my enemies and people that have crossed me.
 And I'm really brave and don't confront them to their face, but talk about it in a comedy
 show.
 On the other side of the world.
 Yes.
 My enemies include a local improv troupe and a museum of optical illusions that I'm in
 a public queue with.
 OK, it's time for fact number three, and that is Uruj Ashfaq.
 Hi.
 My fact is that emotional tears have more protein in them, so they fall slow.
 And it's bi-designed so that our tribe can see us cry and comfort us.
 Very clever.
 I'm vaguely aware that there are different kinds of tears, but I didn't think they were
 made of different things.
 So there are three different types of tears.
 There is basil, which is just the oily layer that we have on our eyelids to keep it from
 drying out.
 There's reflex, which is when we're cutting onions or there's some dust in our eyes.
 So those fall really quickly to flesh away any irritants.
 And then there are emotional tears, and they have the highest amount of protein levels,
 so they fall slower, and they look more dramatic and sad.
 So good.
 I think it's amazing, and when you know this, you can see it, I think, like if you see someone
 and there are tears coming down their face, the difference between, "Oh, I've got something
 in my eye," and, "Oh, I'm really upset and I need to be comforted," you can actually
 see them going slower down the face.
 They seem more viscous.
 I'm really going to look out for that.
 So actually, we shouldn't say when people are upset, the tears were streaming down his
 face.
 We just say the tears were crawling slowly down his face, although I think with onions,
 I kind of want sympathy when I'm cutting onions, I could do some slow tears to draw more attention
 to it.
 It doesn't say anywhere that you have to pick one.
 You could just cry them all at the same time.
 All three.
 I was looking at the origins of why we cry due to emotion, and there's a theory, and
 I love this so much.
 It's by a Dutch psychologist.
 He's called Advinge Hoortz, and he spent 20 years working on tears.
 So he does, he knows his onions, sorry.
 What he thinks is that it's an accident that we associate tears with emotion, right?
 So when infants are wailing, because infants do naturally wail if they're in distress,
 they will squeeze the muscles around their eyes as part of the wailing, and that puts
 pressure on the eyeball so tears happened originally as a kind of reflex.
 And then that became a signal of neediness by children, and we don't really control those
 muscles, which is why it's relatively hard to fake crying.
 And then it evolved naturally, because it turned out it was useful evolutionarily, because
 people can see you crying, they comfort you.
 I think that's it.
 Yeah.
 That's interesting.
 Wouldn't it be nice if babies cried in like harmonies, but they always cry in this really
 annoying discordant sound.
 And of course, that is also an evolutionary thing, because if they made a nice tune when
 they cried, no one would ever come to their help.
 But the interesting thing is like that this sound that they make is actually very similar
 to loads of different animals.
 And loads of different animals make very similar crying sounds.
 That's why when the foxes are having sex in my back garden, I think that my baby's upset.
 Well, she doesn't like, she doesn't like to see that sort of thing.
 And you do make us leap in the garden, so that's what I suppose all the time.
 The really interesting thing is if you get the sound of a baby seal crying, for instance,
 and you play that to a mother deer, then the deer will react as if it's one of her children
 who's sick.
 I wonder what would happen if you played me crying to a baby seal or a mother deer.
 I think it's the same, because it's a very similar sound.
 So they would think, and there's one theory that actually the reason that all everyone
 evolved the same way is because then animals can help each other, but I don't, I think
 that's it.
 Well, who did that study?
 Disney?
 Come on.
 Is that the Snow White Institute?
 Arouge, are you familiar with Sad Bait?
 I was reading about the specifically Indian phenomenon of crying videos where lots of
 influencers will lip-sync and cry along to audio from movies.
 And in about 2017, this was a huge deal.
 I think you know more than me at this point, but I think the second acting showreel almost,
 right?
 Yes.
 Is it a sad scene or is it like, you know, the song Prince Ali in Aladdin?
 No, it's sad, it's sad.
 It's like Bambi's mum dying or something.
 People got famous.
 I mean, there was a kid called Saga Goswami who set up a TikTok in 2017 and basically
 became wealthy and famous off the back of crying along to images.
 Yeah.
 And the government banned it.
 Yes.
 The ban TikTok, yeah.
 Did they ban it because of the crying videos?
 They just thought this is a real downer.
 This is bombing the whole country out.
 Are you thinking this could be something where you could make your fortune, Andy?
 Well, I'm always on the lookout for content.
 You know me.
 I'm content, content, content.
 And I cry a lot, so let's marry these.
 One of the problems with studying crying and its effect and tears in their effect is that
 it's quite hard to make study participants cry on demand.
 So do you guys think you could cry on demand?
 I could.
 Could you?
 Really?
 What would it take if they showed you a sad film?
 You'd be up for it.
 Yes.
 Just let me be by myself for a bit.
 I think I could get into it.
 Gharuj will you always on the verge of tears anyway?
 That actually makes me quite tense here now.
 Have you ever done any acting, Gharuj, where you have to cry?
 In my stand-up bits, I have a whole bit about crying, actually.
 So I almost pretend to cry on stage and everyone was like, "Oh, my God, is she really going
 to cry?"
 And I said, "No, this is just yours and yours of practice."
 What is your trick?
 It's like you think of a sad thing or?
 Yes.
 I tend to really make myself cry, I think, of a sad thing, but otherwise, I just make
 my crying face, which I have a lot of practice of, because I'd be honest, when you cry as
 much as I do, you do end up looking in the mirror every once in a while, and you're like,
 "What am I looking like right now?"
 Have you ever done that?
 Lots in the mirror and cried.
 James is a glubber.
 James lets on that he's one of the strong and silent types actually.
 He's incredibly in touch with his feelings.
 I am.
 As soon as the zoom goes off, I'm going to be in the garden.
 The foxes won't know what's going on.
 I am interested by how people make other people cry, though, because there was quite a famous
 study about how female tears make men less aggressive, which is quite interesting.
 And they got 25 men to smell vials of tears that women had cried out, and they found that
 they were 44% less aggressive in video games afterwards, whatever they were playing, Golden
 Eye or Diddy Kong Racing or whatever.
 And they got 100 women to come and donate tears, and only six of them could produce
 the necessary amount.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So I really, you know, you could volunteer yourself for science, Erush.
 That would be great.
 And I'm always crying because of men anyway, so it's like a full circle.
 I was looking into what makes Americans cry, and the circumstances under which they cry.
 Have you ever cried at home, at a funeral, in your car, that kind of stuff?
 I mean, all of it, in every single category, women say they cry more than men, or have
 cried more than men in that circumstance.
 But the top five reasons that Americans say would make them cry would be the death of
 a loved one, the death of a pet, feeling extremely sad, saying goodbye to a loved one before a
 long separation, and chopping onions.
 And then chopping onions came before speaking about an emotional subject, watching a sad
 movie, and witnessing injustice or cruelty.
 It could be that they just really like onions.
 What about sporting events?
 That's the only time when I feel emotional, really.
 Oh yeah, actually, the Wimbledon Women's Tennis Final, I was almost crying along in sympathy
 this year.
 That was a tough watch.
 I read that in 17th century America, if the bride didn't cry, like furiously cry, when
 she was getting married, they would accuse her of being a witch, because they believed
 that a witch could only shed three tears at a time through her left eye.
 Oh wow.
 It's so specific.
 So not only do you have to cry, you've got to make sure that right eye cries.
 Yes.
 I mean, the wedding is a happy occasion.
 Should you be sobbing your heart out?
 Tears of happiness, Anna.
 Tears of happiness.
 Yeah.
 I think to be safe, you'd have to make sure you married an absolute bastard so you could
 guarantee crying on your wedding day.
 Have you guys heard of tear catchers?
 These are really cool.
 No.
 No.
 So they're a little bit of glass that you put underneath your eyes.
 They first made in ancient Persia, but the Romans had them as well.
 And the idea was, let's say I went away on a trip, we were touring Australia or something,
 I would give my wife one of these and she would keep it underneath her eyes.
 And then when I came back, I'd be able to see how many tears she'd made because she
 was so upset that I was on top.
 Come on.
 How many wives desperately filling it up with a tap?
 But that was a real thing and even the Victorians had them.
 So you know, we're quite unusual that we don't have them.
 So I was looking at like, you know, crying behaviors around the world in different cultures
 and the bow people of the Andaman Islands, who I think do not exist anymore, but they
 used to until the early 20th century in the late 1800s.
 If you were separated from your bow friend or family member for a long time, when you
 were reunited, the way that you celebrated that is you sat apart and completely ignored
 each other for like a full day, hours and hours, a full day.
 And then as soon as dusk fell, you turned around and you flung your arms around each
 other and you cried for an hour.
 Wow.
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 Very, very choreographed reunion.
 It's a bit like coming home to a dog, though, isn't it, which you've not seen for a while.
 They will pretend for a while, they hate that you can.
 Anna, can I ask if after about 56 minutes of you crying, is it a faux pas to be checking
 your watch?
 Yeah, I think you're in serious trouble.
 I think you kicked off the island.
 Do you know that tears are like fingerprints?
 So everyone has completely different tears, but that's very rarely useful in a burglary
 investigation.
 That's why I always leave Bambion when I leave the house.
 I just make sure that any burglars had a bit of a week.
 But yeah, because they all have different organic substances, different molecular makeup.
 You could just plant evidence then, you just make somebody cry, collect their tears and
 then leave it at the scene of the crime.
 Really good idea.
 Yeah.
 I think we'll edit this so I can actually use it in real life and they can't trace
 it back to me.
 Mouse tears are erotic.
 Oh yeah, I always said it.
 Yeah, look, we all knew it.
 It's two other mice, but it is quite cool.
 These male mouse tears, so they cry and they lubricate their eyebrows.
 Her eyebrows?
 No?
 Their eyeballs.
 Everyone loves a wet eyebrow.
 And then they spread their tears around their body and they groom themselves with them.
 And they found out that if a male mouse is crying and spreading its tears around its body
 and the female mouse comes into contact with it, she will engage in laudosis, which has
 always been one of my favorite words, which is where a female mouse or animal raises their
 rump up to say, do come in.
 You have that on the little mat outside your front door, don't you, Anna?
 The picture of me just bending over my bum out.
 Yeah.
 That's sort of refreshing because men have the opposite reaction to my tears.
 They leave.
 They're like, bye, this is good.
 No, that's them showing you their bottom.
 You've just misinterpreted.
 You know, they're saying, all right, we should wrap up.
 But before you go, Arouge, I believe you're going to be in Edinburgh and not just hanging
 out there doing a show, correct?
 Yes.
 I'm doing my solo show.
 It's called How to be a Baddie from 30th July to 24th August, 625 p.m. at the Monkey
 Barrel.
 I will be a bad girl at the fringe this August.
 Thank you so much for coming on.
 Great to talk crying.
 We're all sobbing now, obviously.
 OK, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is Nish Kumar.
 In 1967, for eight dates, Jimi Hendrix supported the Monkeys on tour in the United States
 of America.
 What a privilege for him.
 I was trying to come up with an analogy of who it's like supporting whom these days.
 Is it like Leonard Cohen supporting Sabrina Carpenter or something?
 Maybe it's like Kendrick Lamar opening for the Wiggles or something.
 Maybe we're being a tad unkind to the Monkeys, who did, you know, in spite of the fact that
 they were sort of a confected band for a television show, definitely had sort of some musical
 talent, not that I'm denigrating the musicianship of the Wiggles.
 Thank you.
 I was biting my tongue there, but yeah.
 Kendrick and the Wiggles.
 Are you kidding me?
 I'm just kidding.
 So, who is this Jimi Hendrix guy?
 I think we should get into that.
 Yeah.
 Who the hell is this Jimi Hendrix man?
 Yes.
 And actually, he wasn't the biggest thing in the world then, was he?
 No.
 In 1967.
 Yeah.
 He did this famous performance at the Monterey Festival of Pop, because he is American, had
 been in America for years and years, then in '66, he's performing on his own after having
 spent a couple of years as a kind of sideman playing in clubs across the South.
 He's then in Greenwich Village performing kind of with backup musicians, but on his own at
 the cafe where in New York, Chaz Chandler, the recently ex-bassist of the animals, sees
 Hendrix and thinks, right, I'm taking this guy to England, I'm going to find two British
 musicians to back him up in London, and then we're going to put together a band.
 That happens.
 And then from total obscurity, he becomes the hottest thing in London.
 McCartney recommends him to the Monterey Festival of Pop.
 He then goes to the Monterey Festival of Pop and sort of gives one of the kind of seminal
 performances in the development of popular music, because he, you know, he's a fusion
 of psychedelic rock and a lot of that was accelerated by new guitar pedal effects that
 were coming through that he was often the first person to actually have access to.
 But he creates this kind of sound that fuses psychedelic rock with some very, very traditional
 orthodox blues music.
 And you know, he's dressed in a way that no rock star has dressed.
 And then at the end of this performance, he does a cover of Wild Thing by the Trugs,
 and then he sets fire to and destroys his guitar on stage.
 Oh, is that the moment?
 The performance is extraordinary, because also, you know, it's a hippie crowd.
 They sort of, when he sings, he's got a very beautiful, delicate song called "The Wind
 cries Mary."
 And the hippie crowd is very enchanted, and then people are just very quickly horrified
 as he lets not be around the bush, simulates sex with his guitar for an uncomfortably long
 amount of time.
 And then sets it on fire and smashes it on the stage.
 And the monkeys are watching, and they think, "This is the support act we've been looking
 for for when we played Last Train to Clarksville."
 Well, Mickey Delence, who's in the monkeys, that was the second time he saw him.
 So he actually saw Hendrix in America, Greenwich Village, I think, and he saw him playing with
 his teeth.
 That was amazing, but he didn't get his name.
 So when they were at the gig, they were like, "He was like, "That's the teeth guy.
 We've got to get him."
 And to be fair to the monkeys, they knew their place in rock music, and they knew what his
 emerging place might be.
 They thought, "Won't it be awesome to get to watch Jimi Hendrix every night on tour?"
 That's what they wanted.
 You said it was for seven or eight nights.
 So presumably, this was not one of the great marriages of the orchestra.
 No, so it sort of became quite quickly apparent that this was a mismatch, even though, as you
 say, Dan, the monkeys were real Hendrix fans, and so would often sneak into the audience
 just so that they could watch him perform to an audience of monkeys fans who were increasingly
 frustrated.
 Well, apparently, one of the things that is said about the concert is that when he tried
 to get them to sing "Foxy Lady," they would yell back "Foxy Davy," after Davy Jones,
 one of the members of the monkeys.
 Yeah, it was not a solid artistic match.
 But also, Hendrix had some experience of doing this kind of thing, because he had opened
 for Engelbert Humperding in England the year before, because, you know, I guess at various
 points you're sort of, you know, especially at that time where the kind of touring circuit
 was just starting, there just weren't that many musicians that fit into the category
 of popular music.
 We hadn't yet managed to silo everything off by Jobra, but I think the issue is almost
 that the monkeys' audience was children and their parents, and I think that that is the
 thing that kind of, that's the thing that creates the issue.
 And he wasn't a big fan, apparently he referred to their music as dishwater, so that's not
 the best compliment, if true.
 So he's looking down, he disdains this audience so much who disdain him in return, and then
 they basically shout each other off the stage, don't they?
 He just eventually said, "Sod this, these guys hate me, I hate them."
 Really?
 Yeah, listen, I'll say this from personal experience, I know what it's like to have
 a bad gig.
 I've had a few bad gigs in my time, and I know what it looks like when an audience
 turns on a performer, and let me tell you, it's not pretty when it's 30 people, but I
 imagine when it's 10,000 people.
 Yeah, those Wiggles crowds are tough, man, they are hard to win over.
 You know you mentioned the "Wing cries Mary," which, I agree, is a really lovely song.
 I didn't realise what that was about, and it's just about lumpy mashed potato.
 Is it?
 Stop it.
 Yeah, it's just about he had a fight with his girlfriend, Kathy Mary Etchingham, apparently
 they had fights a lot, and again, you always picture some like Jimi Hendrix, they've got
 to be having these really passionate fights about huge issues.
 No, the thing they always thought about was her shit cooking, and in 1967, he had a big
 bitch about her lumpy mashed potatoes.
 She stormed out, smashed some plates, and the "Wing cries Mary" is the song he wrote
 that night.
 It has the lyric about picking up broken pieces on the floor and sweeping up the bits of plate.
 There we go, that's all it is.
 That's great.
 Nish, I'm taking you're a mega fan, right?
 From everything you've said so far.
 Yeah, I'm a big Jimi Hendrix fan.
 So the first album I ever bought was a Jimi Hendrix album, which was great.
 That's a great first album to have bought.
 The first single was "Bewitched," so I thought, "Wow, it's a mixed grill, my taste."
 Oh, the monkey's kind of influenced that.
 Yeah.
 But the thing I love and the thing I never knew, and I find this really interesting because
 it's my other area of interest, is that he was a paratrooper.
 He was signed into the US Army, the 101st Airborne Division of the US Army, because there was
 a minor misdemeanor and the judge said, "Well, you've got to join the Army if you want to
 avoid prison."
 So theoretically, if the TV series Band of Brothers had been set not in 1944, but in
 the early '60s, Jimi Hendrix could have been a character in that series.
 A fantasy world you can both inhabit.
 Yeah, but you know the plotline to that would then involve the truth, which is that he then
 pretends to be gay to get out of it.
 Yes.
 He was dishonorably discharged.
 Yeah.
 For a comic subplot in Band of Brothers, which gets a bit heavy at times, I would say.
 Here's a thing that I was surprised about with Jimi Hendrix.
 He's obviously the epitome of cool, of psychedelia, of that whole period.
 But when you read into him, actually quite sort of a mundane, boring character.
 He loved playing risk.
 Graham Nash of Crosby Stills and Nash said that he was amazing at risk, particularly
 when he was on LSD.
 That's his military experience coming in.
 It is.
 It's like, "No, I wouldn't go that way."
 Yeah.
 Straight ahead of five of you.
 But he was also a massive fan of Coronation Street.
 Like a huge fan.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So, according to his girlfriend, who you mentioned, and Kathy.
 Kathy, yeah.
 Yeah.
 She says that he just absolutely binged Coronation Street.
 And there's a theory that the theme tune found its way into one of his songs.
 And if you listen, and I've had to listen just before we came on, on Axis Baldur's
 Love, there is a song called Third Stone from the Sun.
 Have a listen.
 42 seconds into it.
 There's a little riff and no question, it is Cory.
 It is Coronation Street.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 Fantastic.
 All of these amazing artists, like they do have the reputation for the drink.
 There was lots of sex and drugs and rock and roll in Hendrix's life.
 But also, they just have to work incredibly hard for years.
 Like Hendrix just did hundreds of hours of recordings, all of this.
 You know, like he worked so hard all the way through.
 And also, he was living in England in the kind of era of what was it, been two television
 channels or three television channels, like he was not spoiled for choice.
 So he's like, well, I guess Cory's on.
 I've got another Cory link, I think, because I read that he didn't like anyone seeing him
 with his hair curlers in when his hair was being got ready.
 And that's a Cory thing, isn't it?
 They've always got their curlers in.
 It's a tenuous link, but we'll accept it.
 I think he was a bit paranoid about his coolness status, because I read, and I think I verified
 this, maybe you'll know Nish, but in the song "If Six Was Nine", there's a bit where
 he plays the recorder, and he bought it apparently off a street vendor as kind of a joke.
 He plays the recorder at the end.
 It's a weird sound.
 There's often chat online saying, "What's that weird instrument at the end?"
 But it's listed on the original album as a flute.
 It's a flute.
 Yeah, it is.
 Apparently, he was embarrassed.
 He didn't want to go down as a flute.
 He's embarrassed about playing it.
 The problem with it is that as soon as you hear it, you go, "That's a fucking recorder."
 Like that.
 Like, it doesn't even vaguely sound like a flute.
 Oh, Jimmy.
 What's he playing?
 Is it "London's Burning" that comes in just over the top?
 OK, Nish, have you heard the Morgan Freeman thing?
 What?
 No.
 Well, Hendricks didn't die in 1970.
 He faked his own death, and since then, he's been living as Morgan Freeman.
 What?
 It's a big theory online, yeah.
 OK.
 Freeman owns a blues bar in Mississippi.
 He loves the music of the blues.
 Spooky.
 They don't look completely dissimilar.
 And no one's ever seen Morgan Freeman young.
 Well, Morgan Freeman's first film credit was in 1964, which is six years before Hendricks
 died.
 But if Hendricks had been doing the groundwork, he could have created the character and just
 been slowly starring in movies throughout the '60s.
 I mean, it's a pretty--
 Maybe Morgan Freeman is-- you know, when Bowie became Ziggy Stardust, sort of exclusively
 in real life for a period, maybe Morgan Freeman is his Ziggy, but he just hasn't broken out
 of character yet.
 He's just become too immersed.
 Hey, here's a cool thing that connects Jimmy to the world of British comedy.
 The cover of Axis Baldur's Love, you might remember it, it's a very-- it has Hindu gods
 in the background and very colorful.
 That was designed by Roger Law, who created Spitting Image and all the white Spitting
 Image.
 Yeah.
 That's great.
 Oh my God, that's so good.
 Are you guys familiar with Cynthia Plastercaster?
 Oh, yes.
 No.
 How familiar?
 Can you explain what he did?
 Well, I believe Cynthia Plastercaster used to make Plastercasts of the genitals of famous
 people in the '60s.
 That is correct, except the thing is, everyone always says that, when you look up the list
 of people she made them for, I think most famous people said, "I'd rather you didn't
 make a Plastercast of my penis."
 Oh, OK.
 One of the only people who did say--
 There's no easy way of avoiding someone making a Plastercast of your penis.
 Well, yes, but Jimmy didn't.
 He's got the whole Plastercast.
 Isn't that an amazing thing to do?
 Yeah.
 Just say to this random, weird lady kind of groupie, "Yeah, I'll shove my erect penis
 into your plaster."
 That's right.
 No one wants flaccid Plastercast.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 That's so funny.
 And there's no details on how it was made erect, whether it was a little bit like when
 you'd give a sperm donation.
 I don't know if they send you and took room with a bunch of magazines.
 There was a heavy inference that she was part of the-- there was no magazine in the waiting
 room.
 She was the magazine.
 She was the magazine.
 Exactly.
 She was the-- yes.
 Where is this Plastercast now?
 It's in the Iceland phallological museum, actually.
 Get out.
 Is it really?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I think so.
 Wow.
 Have you seen a niche?
 I have not.
 Have you been over?
 Not other than a fan, then.
 My Hendricks fandom has not extended to going to visit the Plastercast of his penis.
 Listen, if I'm in the area, of course I'm taking a look at it.
 Have I seen it on Google Images yet, but that's not-- let's move on.
 Move on.
 Is it my phone wallpaper?
 Yes.
 Move on.
 All right, look, we need to wrap up.
 Nish, you're going to be in Edinburgh, right?
 Yes.
 I'm going to be at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival, and I am very excited about it, and this is
 not me stalling for time whilst I Google what time my show is.
 My show, which I know the time and location of, is at 10 past 5 in the afternoon at the
 Assembly Theatre in George Square.
 Do come along.
 I will be there.
 I cannot deliver performance dynamics on a level of Jimi Hendricks, but what I can promise
 is I will be there on time.
 What a sound.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our guest facts.
 Come back again next week, because we've got another show with four more comedians who
 are all going to be going up to the Edinburgh Fringe this year.
 So we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 (upbeat music)
