 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to a new feature for Club Fish Members called "Dan Eats a Biscuit" while we are
 watching. No this feature is called "Memory Like a Fish" and what we're gonna do is we're gonna test
 Dan Schreiber and Anna Tyshinski about how well they remember episodes of No Such Things a Fish
 with a few little quiz questions and up against them is a man who was not on the episodes in
 question Mr John Lloyd and you can play along at home as well and the idea is to see how much
 these two remember about the shows compared to people who have listened to the shows or perhaps
 not even listened to the shows in Mr Lloyd's case. It is quite disconcerting that you've brought our
 boss here for this what seems to be a memory test about our work. Is this which one of us gets fired
 at the end of it? Yeah this is your annual review Anna. Jesus. So first of all I need to decide what
 episode we're gonna look at so Anna can you give me a number between one and ten? Four. Dan? Seven.
 Okay seven four and John can you give me a number one two or three please? Two. Two so we have two
 seven four. Okay so I'm going to look at episode 274. That felt so rigged. It's just a real Derren
 Brown move. Pick a card, any card. Is this your number? Okay so what I'm going to do is I'm going
 to read one of the facts because Andrew Hunter Murray who's not here today he keeps a spreadsheet
 of every fact that we've ever said. Now there are more than 25,000 facts in here but each
 show will have probably around you know 30 or 40. I'm going to choose a few of them. I'm going to
 miss out one of the words and you're going to tell me what the word is. Okay. Let's see if you remember
 them. Question number one this was the first fact in this show. But not the headline. This was the
 headline. So babies who live in London are more rude than blank. French. That's a good guess.
 Do you mean French people as in the entirety of French people are French babies? The concept.
 It sounds like you mean the French language. They're more rude than French.
 No I burp. I want to go for a serious answer here. Okay. Babies in the north. Oh yeah okay.
 Now there was only just one word. Is it? No it could be more than one word. You might expect?
 Then you might expect. Babies in London are more rude than you might expect.
 I think that's very good. Can I just say now since we did this episode I now have a baby who lives
 in London. And she's a real gobby cow, isn't she?
 That is true. We live near the Arsenal stadium or not far from it and at the moment whenever she
 kicks a football she says Arsenal! Arsenal! And your team is Tremere? Tremere Rovers.
 Yeah. I think it's child abuse if I make her support Tremere Rovers.
 That's good for her language skills. It's a tough set of words. Yeah well you struggled.
 Babies who live in London are more rude than... Is it specific? Is it Birmingham? Babies who live
 in Birmingham? I think Hannah's going to have to get the point here. Oh really? It's babies from the
 West Midlands of which Birmingham I would say is part. Damn it! I would say so too!
 Rude are in what way James? What doesn't it say? Well it is that a study of 2,500 babies found that
 London and Welsh babies are least likely to include thank you in their first words whereas
 normally in children the word sorry crops up quite a lot but less so in babies from London.
 Okay so this was a fact by me in this section. Common early words for babies to say
 are and I have six if you can guess any of them. Okay so arsenal.
 George Orwell's first word was beastly. Was it one of those? Oh was it? Really what a great
 fact. If you haven't listened, has the show about George Orwell gone out yet? No but we have talked
 about him recently. No it's not beastly. There's slightly more common words than that I would say.
 My son Harry's first words were hello big daddy. It just came out so well.
 The wrestler came to visit. John Heistachs he said. Oh I thought you were John Heistachs.
 So first six words of a baby. No they're six common first words. Mama. Mama I think. Mama daddy and
 anti-disestablishmentarianism. Mama and daddy I think are taken so these are apart from that.
 My youngest kid is saying hiya. Hiya. That's his first word yeah. Hiya. Hiya. Yeah he wants a lot
 of tally. It's a lot of karate movies actually. Is it no? It's not no. No. Is it uh doggie?
 Change one of those letters. Doggy. Correct doggie is one of them along with carrot cake quack banana
 and bird poo. Is that carrot cake or two separate objects carrot and cake? If you grow up in North
 London yeah the carrot cake and latte is another one. Yeah I like children mangled words that become
 a thing for the rest of people's lives. Buzz Aldrin got buzz off the back of brother being said
 in a distorted way by the sibling and buzz. Yeah there's so often those I think like grandparents
 names are often just how the kid mispronounces it first. Our grandparents are Gamma and Gappa
 and now I think there's one is Leely. When the queen was Gary wasn't she? Yeah because either Harry
 or William called her that. Yeah it's so funny. What do people in Thailand do related to babies
 to scare ghosts away? Oh they blow. Do they blow somewhere into their bottoms? Wow. Into their
 ear lobes. Into their bottoms. Do you know that Gandhi one of the reasons that he stopped drinking
 milk was he found out that farmers in India were increasing yields by blowing into the cow's vaginas?
 Oh yeah that has put me off milk a tiny bit. I'm sure repsable dairy farmers don't do that
 anymore but yeah. Well I don't know if there's anything wrong with it you just don't want to be
 picturing it as you're drinking your tea do you? I want to be in a cafe get I'm sorry this tastes
 of vagina blowing. Do you want milk? Soy milk or vagina blown milk? Well it's a Billy Connelly
 pointed out I mean who's the first type of dairy who thought I'm going to milk one of those.
 See those dangly bits? Pull on them. There's a drink in there. But yeah not that what would
 you do with your baby to scare ghosts away in Thailand? This was a damn fact you'll be
 not surprised to hear. Oh and I don't I don't remember it how interesting. Right okay um.
 Tickle it. Oh no as in the laughter could scare the ghosts away I suppose but no it's not that.
 Put a sheet over the head put two eye holes in it dress them up as another ghost
 and then the ghost won't bother. The ghost comes in and goes well this place is already haunted.
 No it is that they would call their babies the name ugly so you'd say this baby is ugly
 and the ghost apparently would think well if there's an ugly baby here I don't want to be here.
 Wow this ghost is very judgmental. This is your fact dad. I have no memory of ever saying that
 that's amazing. How do you remember how can you possibly remember all those episodes all those
 facts? It is one of the weirdest things when you listen back to an old episode and you hear yourself
 talking and you're saying facts that you have no memory of you have no memory of the sentence
 being said. I know the actors have this a lot there's a story in Stephen Fry's autobiography
 where he is walking on the street and someone from the other side of the road yells really loudly
 you killed Speckle Jim and he goes what and this man it starts chasing him and Stephen's
 walking away and he says no no sorry sorry Speckle Jim Blackadder Blackadder goes forth
 that was your bird which you probably remember John but he didn't because for him that was
 a single line and a thing that he did all those years ago. Okay going on to the next fact now
 from that episode I hope you're keeping scars at home at the moment Anna has one point and no one
 else has any points but Dan's fact in this episode was in 17th century Japan the super rich would
 protect their homes from burglars by what? Okay so I know the answer and I feel because I because
 it is my fact I'll sit it out for the purposes. Do you want to give a clue? Oh you get a point
 in a minute okay. Yeah I mean I could give a clue. Yeah give a clue. If you're at home at night
 you're often alerted to a presence by noise. Oh so 10 cans or something like that. You're in
 the kind of right zone. No 10 cans in 17th century Japan. No. Swords. Oh that's a nice idea. What are
 the other things that what what are the animals that was it an animal? No. It's like an alarm system.
 Is it like they used to put buckets full of baked beans on top of the door and then when they open
 the door it falls on their heads. They go oh fuck baked beans. Yeah. I always love that idea that
 burglars always knock on the front door before they enter before they burgle. Obviously they would.
 Yeah that does make sense. Yeah that's so funny. But that is interesting because I don't really like
 cancering my front door very often. If someone comes to my front door I'm like oh I don't want to
 answer that. There's a thing I saw on Instagram that was one of those intelligence tests which says
 a woman's in her hotel room and there's a knock at the door and she opens it and the guy says
 I'm so sorry I thought it was my room and and then she calls the police why she calls reception.
 Did he have a um stripy shirt and a big bag? No no but of course you don't knock on your own
 hotel room do you? Oh very good. I do love the idea. Every time there's a knock on our door at
 home now I'm going to say actually can you get there because it might be a burglar.
 I'm going to get my point. Go on Dan. It's um you would deliberately make the floorboards or a
 few of the floorboards creaky and squeaky so that when the burglar was coming in you could hear the
 noise of the and they would do things like add bits of metal that would slap down the floorboard
 to amplify sounds and stuff. Absolutely right they were you called the musical floorboards
 and then you said that they were known as nightingale floors. Yes that's right because they tweeted
 like nightingales so Dan gets a point unless we edit this bit out. So this is another one from
 Dan see if you remember this Dan. It was about a man whose house had been burgled and the burglar
 was found. I know exactly which house it was. Do you? How do you remember this? This is because
 one of the best stories I've ever heard in ten years of doing fish. So it's related to a computer.
 Sorry the burglar was found. Different one, different one. I want to hear the one that Dan's
 got. Go on Dan tell us which one yours is. I love that there's a story that a burglar was in a house
 and thought the house was going to be empty for quite some time and then suddenly the front door
 goes and the couple come back. So it quickly goes what do I do? Runs upstairs and hides in the bedroom
 I think under the bed just waiting there thinking oh what do I do? They discover that he's in the
 house because he can hear the couple chatting downstairs and the husband says or the wife says
 do you want to hear a joke? Tells the joke and afterwards they hear upstairs some are going
 That was you have said that but that wasn't in this episode. So this was something else
 it was something to do with computers and this guy got caught after having burgled someone's house.
 So it's either he took um deleting his search history he took screen grab to himself or like
 photos you know with where you can make your head go you know like a like an hourglass. Lisa looking
 for an hourglass head. No but you're definitely in the right tracks. John said google history yeah
 we're getting there getting close okay signed into facebook. What checked all of his messages
 checked all of his emails. I forgot to log out. You're too relaxed as a burglar if you're just
 catching up on your tweets. The next fact was mine and it was according to its ingredients list
 pepperami contains 108% pork. Yes. Now my question for you is one of Andy's facts he said that pepper
ami launched a mass porking ad campaign. I'd like you to tell me what that entailed.
 Well a lot of people are still receiving treatment results of it. It was a lot of trouble for that.
 It was called mass porking and it was like helping society in a way pepperami was doing.
 I remember because weirdly that your fact is almost like a classic fact that we that we said I think
 it's even appeared in like a photo or something where we used to write facts down something like
 that but then it's making me think of Andy's this won't be it but Andy's classic fact if we have
 sweet as meatballs. No of the remember the sausage gun that could shoot however many sausages per
 minute. How interesting I thought you're going to say in German if you don't understand something
 you might say it's sausage to me. Yeah it's all sausage to me yeah. This was one do you remember
 before Andy was Andy was really obsessed with mass he was obsessed with sausages. Yeah he's had
 it before he went vegetarian. It was you're right we could almost bracket eras of the podcast
 based on like the sausage dynasty the moss dynasty. Yeah yeah like Picasso's blue period yeah sausage
 period. What do you think the mass porking might have been? Do they sort of wave them at each other?
 Do you have to wave them in public that kind of thing? Okay you're getting there because it is
 about drawing attention. To do with roads I don't know if people listening can hear there's a bit
 of clanking going on outside there's some building work happening. With they used kind of like you
 know that old fact that it's almost like one of the first QI facts I ever heard about Mills and Boone
 books being the basis for yeah for a highway. Yeah to fill in potholes? Anna has got it. Wow!
 They filled a hundred potholes with pepperamis to highlight the problem of potholes and they
 called it a mass porking. Wow that's good. I do sort of feel like I'm kicking over a header for you
 you know I said the north you said Birmingham. Dan I'm sorry but on the score sheet it's just
 about the gold in the end. Exactly there are no diagrams on the score sheet. Let's go on to the
 final fact of the show which was Anna's. Baby songbirds have inbuilt blank. Do you remember
 it Anna? You think I would? Well they've got inbuilt lots of things haven't they? Yeah inbuilt scores
 to all of Mozart in there. Oh yeah yeah yeah Greensleeves. Ringtones. There's a U2 album inside
 them. This is tough I must say. Pockets? I want to say pockets. Oh okay we are getting very close
 very very close. Oh well here you go Anna aren't you? I mean this I would say this is a pocket
 apart from you wouldn't want to mistake it for a pocket. Ah secret anus. So close. Like a second anus.
 So close. A second vagina. Colossomy bag. As close as you could possibly get without being
 correct. An inbuilt colostomy bag is surely just a large intestine.
 That's an excellent point. I think younger. Nappies. Nappies yes. They have fecal sacs especially
 passerine birds including robins and bluebirds. When in the nest they turn their rear end at their
 parent and eject a white bag of poo encased in A and then I can't read the rest of it because
 the spreadsheet doesn't have enough space. I could scroll but I think. Do I get a point then?
 Yeah yes. Oh you do. I really don't remember that at all. Wow. Okay so the Egyptian vulture
 it likes to eat something to enhance its colour. What is that? Strawberries.
 Brilliant. Bananas. What colour are they? They're kind of yellowish. Okay so lemons.
 I mean what I. I think it's vomit. No not vomit. They do vomit. There are various vomit
 vulture related facts and then there's always that thing about vultures and I don't know if this is
 a clue to this but where they've got no hair on their necks have they and that's so they can stick
 their head into the soft openings of animals that they're scavenging without getting poo all over
 there. Yes that's right. Neck hair so it's not poo because that is quite yellow sometimes if you've
 recently had a curry. Yeah you're absolutely right it's yellow cow dung. Oh wow. So they find some
 yellow cow dung and they will roll around in it just rub their beak in it and eat it and that
 enhances their yellow colour and makes them more yellow. It would be super cool if we all turned
 the colour of the food that we were eating there. Yeah what what food would you eat a lot of?
 Oh god great question. Blueberries I think it's gotta be. That would be fun yeah if you're going
 for a smurfy sort of work. Yeah yeah avocado. Oh you'd go green. Yeah would you? I mean just for
 the sake of not being cancelled I'm gonna stay away from things like Vegemite I would say.
 You're right that would be out of fun. Shame. And then let's do one more this was the final fact
 that we mentioned in the entire show and it was an anaphact in 2012 a study in Vietnam found that
 all Vietnamese mothers all Vietnamese mothers we say. I'm worried about this. Train their children
 to we on command. At a whistle. Sorry I've cheated. You didn't cheat unless you looked at the answer.
 Oh I suppose I looked at it once five years ago when I first said this fact. Is it whistling?
 You're absolutely right. Right. And do you still stand by the fact that all Vietnamese women
 train their children so we on whistle? Stand by it and if you're if you're Vietnamese and you
 don't then you're not really Vietnamese. Check your genealogy. Horses get trained to pee on whistles
 as well don't they? Not pee on whistles but like to hear a whistle and yeah. Do you remember we
 did that fact about there was the roof of a church that needed restoration and they needed
 horse urine in order to. Oh the one in Scandinavia somewhere. Yeah and someone volunteered their
 old horse who used to pee in a bucket and I think whistling was maybe I've conflated
 the children with the horses. No I feel like you're right. Easily done. And that is the end
 of our little quiz and I can say after that assuming that we don't edit anything out that Anna has to
 be the winner I think Mr Lloyd got one, Mr Shriver got one or two. There was one where it just the
 point wasn't acknowledged and we moved on and so you got one then. But Anna I think got two or
 three or maybe even four thanks to Dan crossing them in and out and nodding them home. If you are
 listening and you know where our discord is then why don't you tell us how you did in the quiz.
 You can find it if you don't know it's going to discord and it is called fish cord. I think
 if you go to knowsichsingersoffish.com/fishcord you can find out where that is. So let us know how
 you did especially if you beat these idiots. But maybe we'll try this again sometime and see
 how well we remember our facts. Thank you very much for listening. We'll see you again soon.
 Goodbye.
