 [Music]
 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Things as Fish.
 Andrew Hunter Murray is away this week and so in his place we have one of the QI elves.
 It is Lydia Maison.
 Now those of you who listen to us occasionally talk to Zoey Ball on Radio 2 might know Lydia.
 She's one of our regular elves on the Y workshop.
 But also anyone deeply ingrained in UK geek culture will know her name.
 Where is it from?
 Yes, she was one of the winners of season 13 of Only Connect when she was in the team
 of the escapologists a couple of years after we didn't win Only Connect.
 I'm really sure you'll enjoy this show with Lydia.
 She's very nice, very funny and knows a lot of stuff.
 While I'm here I might as well remind you to join Club Fish, especially if you like listening
 to all these newer elves because we do a featurette with those guys called Meet the
 Elves where they send us a fiendish question and we try to solve it.
 We also have lots of compilations on there.
 We have other bonus features like Drop as a Line where people send us correspondence.
 We have quizzes.
 We have all sorts.
 There's a discord which you can go to and talk to like-minded fish friends.
 And if by any chance we were to announce some live shows in the next few months then that
 is where you would hear about them first.
 So come and join us at Club Fish by going to knowsuchthingsafish.com/apple or knowsuchthingsafish.com/patreon
 if you are not an Apple user.
 If you're missing Andrew Hunter Murray, fear not.
 He will be back very soon and you can always get your fix of Andy by buying one of his
 wonderful bugs.
 I believe his latest Beginner's Guide to Breaking and Entering might be available for
 pre-order if you go online.
 In fact, yes it is.
 I've just checked.
 So definitely go and get that.
 We'll tell you more about that when it actually comes out.
 Dan has a book out of course, The Theory of Everything Else.
 Me and Anna also have a book out which is Everything to Play for the QI Book of Sports.
 Why not buy all three?
 Or why not?
 Sit back, relax and listen to this episode of Knowsuchthingsafish with QI elf Lydia Meisen.
 Okay, on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Knowsuchthingsafish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI
 offices in Hoburn.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, James Harkin and Lydia
 Meisen and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that golfer Brenda Keane took part in the 2001 Women's US Open
 while eight months pregnant and started contractions on one of her back swings.
 The resulting daughter will become a professional golfer later this year.
 So good.
 Isn't that amazing?
 Yeah, that is amazing.
 How do you know she, how are the rules of golf, I want to get into golf.
 How do we...
 Can I just say, dear listener, we're not going to talk about golf this whole section.
 Please stay with us, it's okay, that's the condition on which James is permitted another
 headline golfer.
 We don't discuss golf.
 If you really hate golf, maybe just press fast forward about ten times and then we'll
 get on to the normal stuff.
 How do you know someone's going to be a pro golfer before they are a pro golfer?
 So this is Rachel Keane and she has said in an interview that that's what's going to
 happen.
 She's now mature at the moment.
 She does college golf, she's one of the best and for quite a while she's been saying she's
 going to become a professional but yeah, she spoke in golf week saying that she is going
 to become a professional this fall or this autumn for English people.
 And this is the fact which I learned when watching the Netflix Golf Documentary Series
 Full Swing.
 There was an episode about English golfer Alex Fitzpatrick and this was just like a
 throwaway line about his partner in that documentary.
 P.S. and Netflix, do you feel free to commission anything that we pitched you a future?
 We love you.
 Can I ask, when she had the contraction, was she mid game and continued the game?
 Yep.
 So it happened on the 11th tee.
 So the 11th of 18 holes.
 She said I could feel it coming but I was too embarrassed to back out.
 She didn't follow through.
 That's a golfing term.
 She did her golf follow through and then was doubled up in pain.
 The whole round she shot nine over par which is not brilliant but actually the real problem
 was she was really nervous because there was loads of TV coverage about it, loads of press
 about it that she was pregnant and doing this and in actual fact she had her worst holes
 at the start of the round and after the contractions on the 11th hole she was level par for the
 rest of the round.
 So her game improved after that happened.
 Are we crediting her daughter with that?
 You know, her daughter got started getting involved, was like listen I'm going to be
 a pro.
 I think that might be right because she is amazing, she's such a great golfer.
 So Fenella had three planned C sections but we all must, you know, you three must remember
 the moment of the first contraction.
 What were you doing and do you think your child will become that thing?
 Lydia.
 Well, I was sleeping and if my daughter could start sleeping a little bit better than she
 currently is, that would be great.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, I think I was as well.
 I was having a cup of tea.
 I was having a morning cup of tea in the garden so a professional tea plantation owner is
 what I'm schooling my daughter to be.
 We were watching the Super Bowl when my wife's...
 Oh, that's much cooler.
 Here we go.
 What?
 No, that's great.
 So my daughter's going to be a tight end for the Pittsburgh Steelers.
 Or a slouch who just watches TV at home.
 So it turns out Brenda's daughter might have actually helped because during pregnancy the
 fetus and the mother share cells and once the baby's born they leave some of their DNA
 in the mother.
 It's called Fetometernal Microchimerism and as a result for mothers who have sons, male
 DNA has been found in mothers up to 30 years after the birth and it also works that if
 the mother sustains organ damage while they're pregnant, the fetus can send cells, not consciously
 obviously, but send cells to repair the damaged organ.
 So maybe by sending golfing cells.
 The golf cells, have they identified yet the golfing cells?
 They have identified golf cells, they're very round.
 They're a little dimpled in them, okay.
 And just to finish up on their family, Rachel Keane's grandparents were also golfers on
 her mother's side.
 Her grandfather Jack played for Venezuela in the first World Amateur Team Championships
 in St Andrews and her grandmother Carmen was the captain of the Dominican team in the
 World Amateurs in 1986.
 So it is definitely in the genes.
 It's not allowed on golf courses, just to say.
 Are they not?
 It's endlessly fascinating golf.
 Okay, so if you are one of the people who was fast forwarding to not hear any golf,
 you can come back into the room right now.
 I can't promise that.
 I can't guarantee I won't ask again.
 But then if you have absolutely no interest in pregnancy, maybe fast forward another 15
 minutes or so.
 And then if you're not interested in yetis, probably another 15 minutes.
 Probably a couple of years.
 Yeah, people do do incredible things while pregnant.
 Something that I think is often played down is when people do stuff in first trimester
 pregnancy, you get all the sympathy when you're massive.
 And personally, my experience is that's fine.
 You know, I was bounding up steps carrying a bike, but first trimester is living hell
 for a lot of women, I think.
 With morning sicknesses.
 With morning sickness, basically.
 So for instance, I was reading about someone who won the Mount Everest Marathon.
 And I didn't know this existed, actually.
 Is it?
 Do you start at the top?
 Because that's the one I would like to do.
 Yeah, and then you sit on a sledge.
 You don't even encompass the top, which seems a shame.
 You start at base camp at 17,500 feet.
 That's pretty high.
 And you sort of run about.
 And it was won in 2013 by Ang Dami Sherpa, Sherpa lady, who was 44 at the time and three
 months pregnant.
 And she won the women's race.
 And I think if you've got bad morning sickness, that's much harder than winning it at eight
 months pregnant.
 Oh yeah.
 And you're tired as well.
 And you can't tell anybody, so you just have to persist through 12 weeks of pretending
 you're fine.
 Yeah.
 And I was just going, God, you've got crap at this, haven't you?
 You suck at Mount Everest marathons.
 What's going on?
 Anyway, well done, her.
 Ang Dami Sherpa.
 That was the point.
 Yeah.
 There's a lot of debate and anger over the years about what happens when people get pregnant
 and how workplaces deal with them.
 And opera has this quite a lot.
 And there's an interesting thing with opera that for certain plays, like Wagner plays,
 there's a lot of flying in Wagner plays, so they don't feel safe.
 Humans can't do that anyway.
 But you're on, you're on, you know, the, the pulley systems and the wires.
 And so they say you can't do that.
 That's not the thing.
 If you're a valkyrie, you mean?
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 But one of the major things as well is that your voice changes.
 And I don't know if either of you two sing and then have noticed post-birth of your child.
 I've never heard that a thing I don't think in my entire life.
 That's a real shame.
 I sing a lot, but mostly in private, which I think is for the best.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 You said to me the other day you thought my voice had changed.
 Oh.
 You said, you said I sounded husky.
 You did sound husky, but I thought that was because you had a cold.
 No, but I didn't.
 But then you just say it's because, yeah, you, it's just got, it's got husky.
 Yeah.
 You're just smoking 30 a day, aren't you?
 Yeah.
 This is, this is a genuine thing.
 And the science is not fully understood at the moment, so they're looking into it.
 But they say after the, after childbirth, voices of opera singers often become enriched
 with warmth, creaminess and depth of color.
 As I say, the science is not really strong on this at the moment.
 Creaminess.
 Creaminess.
 But, um, yeah, there's a, so there's a guy called Paul Quack.
 Again, that's not a good.
 You're joking.
 You're joking.
 I didn't notice that until now, Dr. Quack, an ENG specialist.
 A snake-hole specialist.
 He said that, I've got to check that this is not an April first.
 He said, you're so good at that noise.
 I feel like you've done it a disproportionate number of times over the years, showing it
 off.
 Yeah.
 He says they're affected by the hypervascular state of the body that it enters to in pregnancy.
 It creates more blood vessels and increases blood flow through the tissue.
 And as a result, it changes the voice.
 So, yeah.
 It definitely does seem to be true that voices get sort of better in, and this is during
 pregnancy for opera singers.
 And it's because there's that, you know, women have almost 50% more blood at the time.
 But they say they're particularly good at the apoggio technique, which is, I didn't
 know about, apparently this is crucial in opera.
 And it's where you basically exhale while leaving your ribs open.
 I spent about an hour trying to do this when I read about this yesterday.
 And that makes you a really good singer, or it's going to make James pass out.
 How do you open your ribs?
 Yeah, you need some equipment, actually.
 But they also said that the baby acts like a corset, which you can push against.
 So the baby is pushing up against your diaphragm, and you kind of use that pressure to push
 up against it.
 And one opera singer, Katherine Lewick, said that in the second trimester, she felt like
 she was performing on steroids.
 High notes just came shooting out of me.
 That's amazing.
 On singers and singing, do you guys know about Effeni Shakur?
 Effeni Shakur.
 She related to Tupac Shakur?
 She is indeed his mother.
 Oh, God.
 Look at my cool music knowledge.
 Do you listen to her albums as a person it is?
 Huge fan of all of Tupac's family's albums.
 She was a member of the Black Panthers, and she was arrested and charged with counts
 of conspiracy to bomb police stations while she was pregnant with Tupac.
 And she represented herself in court and got an undercover cop to admit under oath that
 he and the other agents had basically organized all the unlawful stuff.
 And they were kind of undercover cops, but they were trying to get them to do things
 that were illegal, and then they all got acquitted in May 1971, and then she gave birth to Tupac
 in June.
 Nice.
 So like less than a month later, so she was eight months pregnant when she was doing that
 stuff in court.
 Wow.
 That's pretty cool.
 Good timing.
 We're all doing, I learned this fact from Jay-Z.
 Oh, sorry, is that a name drop?
 You're just hanging out with Jay-Z, Leslie?
 Yeah, me and Jay, we're hanging out, and no, he did this interview where he stops the
 interview and he says, "You white people, you all do white people pronunciation of Tupac's
 name.
 It's Tupac, not Tupac."
 No, I know Tupac, but when I try to say Tupac, it sounds like I'm a posh person saying that.
 So it's like, I'm really sorry, people who are actual fans who say Tupac, but we can't
 get away with it.
 So I know it's Tupac, but I say Tupac because I'm from the north of England.
 Exactly.
 There's a lot of qualifier.
 That's why I told Jay-Z, I said, "Have you been to the north?"
 It's how they say it there.
 You mean Jay-Z, right?
 Another person who had a tough time during pregnancy was Thomas Beattie.
 Thomas Beattie.
 Nice.
 Remember Thomas Beattie?
 Is that the transgender man who gave birth?
 Absolutely.
 In 2010, got the Guinness World Record for being the world's first married man to give
 birth.
 He was a transgender man who was partway through gender reassignment surgery.
 Not, I mean, not literally partway through at the time, right?
 Step back, step back.
 Had some parts of it, not other parts.
 He says people's attitudes have improved since 2008, but only slightly.
 Back then it was 99.99999% terrible.
 Today, it's probably only 95% terrible.
 But a few interesting things about Thomas Beattie, because people will remember that
 story, I reckon, who are listening to this, because he was quite famous at the time.
 But his fifth great-grandfather was William Henry Harrison.
 Whoa!
 Really?
 The ninth president.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And his third great-uncle was Benjamin Harrison, who was another president.
 Wow.
 We're getting a lot of great descendant of president energy in recent shows.
 You know what?
 I was thinking exactly the same thing.
 So, his third great-uncle was Benjamin Harrison, and Lydia, you'll know this, Benjamin Harrison
 was what, the 23rd was he?
 And there was someone who was twice, who's the person who was...
 Cleveland.
 Cleveland, yeah.
 Grover Cleveland was president twice on either side of him.
 And Grover Cleveland was the person who we mentioned the other day.
 Yeah, because he was the grandfather...
 Of the trolley problem.
 The woman...
 Philippa Foote.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, the creator of the trolley problem.
 But anyway, Thomas Beattie was also in the vastly superior French version of Big Brother,
 which we mentioned before, I think, where every participant has to have a secret.
 Do you remember that?
 No.
 No.
 So, in French Big Brother, you go in and you also have a secret, and there's a secondary
 part where people have to guess what your secret is.
 So while he was on it, another participant had a city in Sri Lanka named after her family,
 and another one was the World Car Washing Champion.
 But there was one, it was a few years after this, there was one where one of the contestants
 was a dog.
 That's an easy one to guess.
 No, that wasn't what their secret was.
 Oh, that's not the secret.
 No, no, that was out in the open.
 Sorry, right.
 The amazing secret was that they were the mayor of a town in France.
 So good.
 It's actually ridiculous.
 Do you know the leading advocate of natural childbirth?
 So in the 20th century, it became common to advocate that, because surgery was becoming
 more common and also it was early day surgery, so it was much more dangerous.
 And someone, one of the first people to talk about how important it was to promote natural
 childbirth was a guy called Grant Lee Dick Reid.
 I just really enjoy his name.
 Dick Reid, okay.
 Or could be Dick Redd, and I don't know which is what it's because it's Reid, like, read
 a book.
 R-E-A-D.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I think if it's Redd, there's more open to problems if you say my dick's redd, people
 don't know.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, you're right.
 You're right.
 People don't know.
 People are just currently reading it.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 That was before pictures.
 Dick Reid, right?
 He sent me a dick Reid.
 It was a 19th century dick pic.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that for almost a thousand years, Christians have debated whether to
 treat the barnacle goose as a barnacle or a goose.
 Are we going to argue over it now, or is it being decided?
 I think it's too controversial a topic for us to take a stand on which it is, so we can
 just talk about it today in general.
 It certainly looks like a goose.
 No, it is a goose, obviously, but it's been this very controversial thing for more than
 a thousand years, in fact, because when meat is not allowed, usually it's lent or on Fridays,
 it's always varied what days you fast in Christianity, depending on time and place and denomination,
 but fish tends to be permitted.
 And there was this rumour going around in about the 12th century that the barnacle goose
 was maybe a fish, maybe a sort of barnacle-y thing, grew for barnacles, so they said maybe
 we can eat it, maybe we can't, and across the ages, if you look it up, there are just
 constantly people saying, well, the Irish bishops are still doing that thing where they eat
 barnacle geese.
 I mean, I think Gerald of Wales in 1187 campaigned against it, but acknowledged that they were
 probably kind of barnacles.
 They grew out of wood, but he still said that's no reason for these bishops in Ireland to
 treat them.
 Did they not find eggs?
 How does anyone think that a goose comes from a barnacle?
 Yeah, it's interesting, isn't it?
 You've got to suspect they didn't look hard enough, because their reasoning was pretty
 weird anyway.
 It's essentially that goose barnacles, which are the barnacles that barnacle geese were
 thought to have sprouted from, tend to grow on the bottom of bits of wood that are floating
 around at sea, and sort of have a goose-like shape-ish, has been the claim.
 Kind of white, aren't they, with like a black bit?
 Necky thing, which you might call a neck.
 It doesn't have a head attached, which does seem to be a problem, but whatever.
 Or any wings.
 Or legs.
 No.
 No.
 But they were radius back then.
 Sounds like a goose to me.
 I mean...
 It's true, I think, that the geese would migrate, so they would all disappear, and there'd
 be no geese.
 And then the geese would come back, and we didn't know that migration was a thing, so
 it just seemed like they all disappeared, and then they all came back.
 But they all came back about the same time as Driftwood was coming in, with all these
 barnacles on them, and stuff like that, I think.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 I think, basically, the problem was, no one knew what migration was.
 All birds disappeared, and then they all came back, and people's kids would be like,
 "Why are there no geese?
 Yeah.
 Why are there no geese in the winter?
 Why are they only here in the summer?"
 And then people's parents had to make up some bullshit.
 "Oh, you see that tree?
 Yeah, they come off the tree.
 Now, eat your peas."
 It was much easier to make things up back then.
 There was a man called John Gerrard, who actually had a garden here in Hoburn, that he wrote
 a book about all the plants that you would find in it, and he said barnacle geese literally
 grew on trees.
 And he covered his own back by saying, "Look, I have seen this happen, but in some parts
 of the country, it doesn't happen.
 So if anybody from another part of England tells you that it doesn't happen, they're
 probably telling the truth, but I have seen it happen.
 So in the north, they may be speaking their own truth, but I've seen it happen."
 Really?
 So there's much less science to go on in those days.
 After Gerrard's death, one of his friends issued an update to his book with lots of
 corrections.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 Backchecked it?
 Yeah.
 It's a great idea.
 The chance of me outliving you is probably pretty slim, but if I do, I'm going through
 your book with a red pen.
 Oh, God.
 Jesus, there won't be anything left.
 In Ireland, I was reading a few slang terms to do with lent, and Green's slang dictionary
 has this thing, which is cock Tuesday.
 Cock Tuesday?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 So it's sort of like in the eve prior to lent, it'd be, I guess, where you would gorge
 yourself.
 Oh, so what now is pancake day?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But it used to be cock Tuesday.
 Cock Tuesday.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Do we find out why it's cock Tuesday?
 Oh, I assumed it was you just ate a lot of meat.
 God, I didn't actually...
 You ate a lot of meat, so you call it cock Tuesday, because that's the real meat, isn't
 it?
 You're eating cock.
 Cock.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Is it not?
 I've been eating cock on a Tuesday.
 That has never been part of Christian tradition.
 I'm pretty sure in the Bible it says you're not allowed to eat cock on a Tuesday.
 Right.
 I think it's in Leviticus.
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 Yeah, I guess it is that.
 Yeah.
 Could have been cock fighting.
 Yeah.
 Could have been cock fighting.
 In fact, I do happen to know that cock fighting did happen on Shrove Tuesday, actually.
 Yeah.
 Because it was banned, wasn't it?
 Do you remember?
 This is in our book, haven't I?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I know.
 I'll be fact checking that if James dies before me.
 I mean, when you read about the history of what you're allowed to eat and drink in lent,
 it does give the impression that the Pope has just been inundated throughout time with
 some people knocking in his door going, "Can I try this?
 Can I have this?"
 This beaver, like beaver is always a famous example that says beaver was classified as
 a fish for hundreds of years by the Catholic Church in South America because it swims
 a lot.
 And yeah, it's always like and they went to the Pope and they said, "Pope, are we allowed
 to do this one?"
 It's just like they find a new animal.
 Yeah.
 They're like, "Find a dog bill platypus.
 Pope!"
 Yeah.
 Come and look at this.
 Come on, it's in water.
 That'd be amazing.
 Yeah.
 They're like a group of people admins.
 They just try to prove or say no to it.
 Iguanas was a big one when the Spanish went over to South America because they spent a
 lot of time in water.
 They said, "Pope, can we eat this?"
 And the Pope said, "Yes."
 Even though the black iguana was the one that people ate, which was a land iguana, on the
 rules that the green one spent time in water.
 So iguanas are kind of fishy things.
 So it was a double loop.
 All right.
 Because his cousin sometimes likes to swim, so we'll eat this guy.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 Sometimes the Pope comes out with some suggestions for what you can do during Lent.
 2020, what do you think he said to give up for Lent?
 Face masks.
 Condoms.
 Yeah.
 It's going to be too hard to do.
 Okay.
 What could you give up for Lent?
 I bet.
 No.
 They're trying to be cool.
 It's 2020.
 Yeah.
 It's kind of, you're in the right territory.
 A lot of people are online, I guess.
 They're at home.
 Yeah.
 It's 2020.
 Masterbating online on Zoom with the rest of the monks.
 Yeah.
 It was very close.
 Hashtags.
 Hashtags.
 No.
 Hashtags.
 Look, come on.
 We can get this.
 You can get it, but it's kind of a boring answer.
 A carder.
 Is it scheduling Zoom meetings for sort of nine o'clock in the morning?
 Oh, yeah.
 We'll just get into work.
 Okay.
 We're in the territory.
 Just remember, a lot of people spending time online and online is a very scary place sometimes.
 Twitter?
 Oh, those online quizzes, they were all over the place.
 Yeah.
 No, no, it's online comedy shows.
 Yeah.
 Is it just like take some time out from the internet?
 It's trolling.
 Oh.
 So, take time off from sending negative messages out into the world.
 Trolls stop your anger.
 That's like saying, don't murder people.
 Yeah.
 Like, stop doing it, full stop.
 And then you can have a massive troll at the end of the day.
 Just go online abuse it.
 Everyone you can find.
 I'll tell you what, on the cock Tuesday, you can all be cocks online.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's where it comes from.
 That's what he said.
 If you all stop just for a month, then the world will be a better place.
 And then you can all go back to being fucking losers.
 All right, stop now.
 Do you guys know about mop eggs?
 Mop eggs.
 Mop.
 Mop eggs, actually.
 Mop eggs.
 But I want to know also what you think a mop egg would be.
 That sounds fun.
 It's a mop egg, an egg, which is pretending to be a mop.
 You're thinking of the mop, mop egg.
 Yeah.
 Just under the dictionary.
 It's something that's not really an egg, because you can't eat eggs over lent.
 Yeah.
 But you eat this particular thing instead.
 Yes.
 Which is...
 You can probably guess it.
 Okay.
 You can't guess it.
 I'll take it back.
 Hang on.
 It's a food.
 Oh, is it?
 I know what it'll be.
 What's the aqua favor?
 You are close.
 But because, as I think we probably have mentioned, the concept of aqua favor was invented about
 four years ago.
 And this comes from the 1450s.
 It wasn't that.
 So, was it something that you can use instead of eggs?
 It was something that you used to make.
 And it's a recipe for making a mop egg, because you couldn't eat animal products that included
 egg.
 And it was extremely popular, much more popular than dairy milk throughout medieval times
 was almond milk.
 Oh, yeah.
 And that's partly because you could eat that still in lent.
 And so you filled an empty egg shell.
 Now, I don't know how you got the egg shell really empty, and then to a place where you
 could fill it again.
 Oh, just a tiny hole.
 Yeah.
 Crick a hole.
 One in each end.
 And then blow it.
 But then you have to fill it up with...
 Okay.
 Slightly bigger hole.
 A little thicker hole.
 Okay.
 Make a hole in your egg.
 Empty it.
 So, almond milk based jelly, and then real almonds in the middle dyed yellow with saffron.
 So, you've got crunchy almonds in the middle yellow, and then grey almond jelly outside.
 And it looks like a shit egg.
 Right.
 By the way, apparently this is just calling back to the last fact, you shouldn't blow
 air up a vagina when someone's pregnant.
 That's true.
 I mean, honestly, if you're going to do it, ask permission anyway, whether they're pregnant
 or not.
 Yeah, that is dangerous, isn't it?
 I've heard that.
 Is it?
 Well, actually, you know what?
 I've never checked it.
 Yeah.
 But it's the kind of thing you hear.
 It's the kind of thing you hear in the playground.
 Really?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Didn't you hear it went to a cool school?
 So, fillet of fish, McDonald's.
 Oh, yeah.
 Lydia, you and I were talking about this.
 Yeah, it's a byproduct of Catholic fasting.
 So, it was developed in 1962 by a man called Lou Grun.
 He ran the Cincinnati franchise and couldn't sell burgers on Fridays or during Lent because
 most of his customers were Catholic.
 And so, he came up with this idea of this horrible burger.
 Sorry, I'm sure it's great.
 And now, a days, about 25% of the fillet of fish is bought by McDonald's customers in
 any one year are bought during the 40 days of Lent.
 No.
 Nobody buys in the rest of the year.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 That's so interesting.
 Yeah, I wouldn't have thought there were that many devout Catholics going to McDonald's.
 In America, there's loads.
 There's some places that don't even sell them outside of Lent.
 They just wait for Lent and then they bring it back on the menu.
 Really?
 That's amazing.
 And this guy, Grun, he developed them in 1962.
 So, Ray Kroc had taken over McDonald's in '61.
 And so, they basically had a competition between them because he, Ray Kroc, had come up with
 his own burger at the same time, which was a non-meat burger called the Hula Burger, which
 I believe we've mentioned before.
 Hula hoops.
 Yeah, it was Hula Hoops.
 And it was grilled pineapple with cheese on a cold bun.
 And so, he said whoever sells the most will be on the permanent menu after a bit of time
 and fill it, oh, fish, one out.
 Do you know whether there's more birthday parties than any other McDonald's in the world?
 Because I've been there this year.
 Oh, he's been there this year.
 He's Bolton.
 Marrakesh?
 No, not Marrakesh.
 Montenegro?
 Montenegro's close, but not quite right.
 Serbia.
 Capital.
 Belgrade.
 Belgrade.
 Correct.
 St. Belgrade.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 And it's because basically when McDonald's passed the Iron Curtain, it was just so popular.
 I really like watching because both you, Lydia and James are quizzes and you do things like
 only connect.
 That was like training.
 I was going to say, can you edit out the dead air before I remember that Belgrade was the
 capital of Serbia?
 But Serbia was the place where the Golden Arch's diplomacy rule got broken.
 Oh, what's that?
 Oh, so there's a sort of philosophical idea that no two countries with McDonald's had
 ever gone to war with each other.
 Oh.
 Well, this was, I'm not sure how true it ever was, but there was this idea that if a country
 has a McDonald's, they probably weren't going to go to war with each other.
 Yeah.
 And after somebody put it in an academic article a few weeks, NATO bombed Serbia.
 Wow.
 And so the Golden Arch's rule, if it ever really existed, was broken at that point.
 Can I quickly talk about bimicles?
 Yeah.
 They're enormous penises.
 Yes, please.
 Always.
 So they have the largest penis to body ratio in the world.
 Okay.
 They, one reason is because they don't move around very much because they just kind of
 attached to things, but they do sort of internal copulation.
 So if you're stuck where you are, imagine your feet are nailed to the ground and you
 want to have sex with someone who's three or four feet away and their feet are nailed
 to the ground.
 The only way you're going to do that realistically is with a very long penis.
 And so that's what they did.
 That's what they've evolved.
 We had a great sketch of a married couple barnacles, but there's just a random guy in
 between them, just every night he just watches a penis come over the front of him.
 Like when you're on an aeroplane.
 Yeah.
 And they put two of you in like one seat away from each other and sit someone random in
 the middle.
 Yeah.
 You're just passing multisers to each other.
 Well, it's, if you can imagine that with penises and barnacles, then that's what happens.
 But very recently they found out that Gooseneck barnacles, which I'm not sure if it's the same
 as the, these ones, but I think it might be, they do something called sperm casting, which
 isn't a new podcast.
 It's where you ejaculate into the water and the water sort of finds its way to a, to a
 female.
 Yeah.
 That sounds sensible.
 That's a good way of doing it.
 But what the result is that they have evolved much shorter and less stretchy penises.
 Oh no, less stretchy as well.
 So that's what happens.
 They've, they've kind of come up with this new way of mating, but at the expense of their
 penis stretchiness.
 Oh no.
 Poor them.
 A stretchiness kind of, I, to stretch something, I imagine someone has to be pulling at the
 other end and they had to get a fish and be like, can you come over here?
 Sorry.
 I just want to get this to that girl over there.
 Can you just swim it over?
 That won't reach.
 I promise it will.
 We've actually never mentioned the essential role that barnacles played in Britain's kind
 of historic reputation.
 And basically us ruling the waves was really down to barnacles, or specifically down to
 our defeating them, because they're such a huge problem for ships.
 So they glue themselves with this really powerful glue to the hulls of ships, and it means that
 ships need to use a huge amount more fuel, up to 40% more fuel, just to get going with
 a huge weight and drama.
 Oh, so it's the weights, right.
 It's called biofouling, and it's, it's a huge problem, it's not just a word, James
 Goodson.
 Good word.
 It's a great word.
 Biofouling.
 They biofoul, and in the 18th century, it was the British who realized that if you sheath
 your hulls in copper, the barnacles can't adhere to it, don't adhere to it.
 And that was completely revolutionary, and that was what made Britain this naval superpower,
 one of the essential things.
 But it is a problem again now, because we stopped making boats out of copper, and they're back.
 But I do wonder if that's why blistering barnacles is an expletive at sea.
 In Tintin.
 In Tintin.
 Not sure.
 In one very specific Belgian kid's comic book.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that just after the Titanic hit the iceberg, many of the first class passengers
 sprung into action and immediately organized snowball fights for the next morning.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, just to sort of show how non-threatening they thought the moment was, I found this
 fact in a really bizarre place.
 I'm reading a book at the moment called "Poking the Dead Frog", which is by a guy called
 Mike Sackwack.
 No, it's by Mike Sacks, who's it's an amazing book.
 If you're into comedy history, it's interviews with great comedy writers.
 And it was within an interview with a guy called Henry Beard, who started National Lampoon.
 He was part of and board of the rings, the first Lord of the Rings parody.
 It's just in there.
 He just says my dad was friends with a guy called Lawrence Beasley, and he was a survivor
 of the Titanic.
 And then there's a footnote that tells that in an account given in Lawrence Beasley's
 book, which is titled "Blistering Barnacles, the Lost".
 See.
 So it's called "The loss of the Titanic", it's the sort of real downer of a reveal
 of the actual title.
 Yeah, you missed the trick there, sort of thing.
 The loss of the SS Titanic, its story and its lessons by one of the survivors.
 And yeah, he said that as soon as the hit occurred, to illustrate further how little
 danger was apprehended, when it was discovered on the first class deck that the forward lower
 deck was covered with small ice, snowballing matches were arranged for the following morning,
 and some passengers even went down to the deck and brought back small pieces of ice which
 were handed round.
 Okay, so question.
 These are presumably bits of iceberg that have fallen on their deck.
 Snowball fights, to me, is safer at least if you use snow rather than ice.
 Yes.
 Yeah, you always get annoyed with the person who picks up a chunk of ice, and there's
 always one kid who throws it.
 I actually was thinking about that as well.
 I think possibly what happened is that the ice was almost grated, so lots of powder,
 as it were, was coming down.
 Like a frozen martini.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 And a lot of the other passengers planned the frozen martini party for the next morning.
 That's interesting.
 Yeah, I think it definitely was shaving, because actually at the time, according to the newspaper
 reports from the next day, they said the deck was filled with ice and snow, which had been
 shaved off, and passengers were amusing themselves by throwing them around at each other immediately.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I heard playing football as well with the snow, with the ice, like lumps of ice kicking
 it at each other.
 Just sliding it along, yeah.
 And there was a stoker called Walter Hurst, and I read that he entered some fellow stoker's
 cabin and threw lumps of ice at them to wake them up.
 So Lawrence Beasley, we've kind of mentioned him on the show before in passing.
 He was, we talked about survivor guilt.
 A lot of the people that survived the Titanic believed that maybe, particularly if they
 were male, I think almost, really almost exclusively if they were male, they should have gone down
 with it.
 Lawrence Beasley survived because he was standing on the side where the last boats were going
 down, and a rumour went round that they were now taking men off the boat on the other side
 of the Titanic.
 So everyone ran around, but he just hung out there.
 He just didn't go.
 This is his story.
 And then they said there's more space as you could get in.
 So he jumped in that one, and that's how he survived, not knowing that that was a lie,
 that there weren't any other on the other side.
 And so he survives, and he had survivor's guilt a bit to the point where he jumped onto
 the set of a movie of the Titanic that was being filmed.
 And he tried to symbolically go down with the iceberg.
 Nope, not the same mate.
 Sorry.
 Yeah, he was a lot of, a lot of, and he got caught.
 They kicked him off the set.
 So he survived that Titanic.
 Yeah, his grandson talks about the fact that it was a thing back then more so, he says
 more so than any other time where it was women and children first was not just like a thing,
 a suggestion.
 It was built into you.
 I read that it was quite controversial, even during and immediately after the sinking,
 this women and children idea, because the men obviously were the breadwinners.
 They brought home all the resources, so if you didn't bring your husband with you onto
 the boat, then you would be poor and destitute.
 So there was some arguing amongst survivors and people trying to get off the boat about
 whether it should be, should the men be left on the boat and leave the women and children
 destitute?
 What's better?
 And they said, it's not women and children first as the law of the sea, but it is inherent
 law of human nature.
 Okay.
 Interesting.
 So they should have done a sort of like, means, or an IQ test or something to see who
 are the most useful breadwinners.
 Some sort of mean tested survival, I'm sure would have been completely straightforward.
 A quick quiz.
 A quick quiz, Lydia.
 Yes, quiz.
 Yeah, quiz.
 That sounds good.
 If you can name a capital of Serbia, you are.
 Capital of Zagreb.
 Damn it.
 Capital of Zagreb.
 Sorry about going down, Dan.
 Just throw yourself over.
 I was panicking.
 I put myself as survival mode.
 Interesting little connection between this guy as well, Beasley, is that his son Alec
 was married to a writer called Dodie Smith and she's who wrote 101 Dalmatians.
 Really?
 Yeah, just a little, it's no presidential connection, but it's pretty good going.
 Speaking of people with survivors guilt, another one was a person who is the coward of the
 Titanic.
 So who do you guys think of as the coward of this whole story?
 Isme?
 Isme?
 Billy Zeg.
 Exactly.
 Okay.
 Lydia's is historically accurate, yours is based on the film, so I'm going to go with
 Isme.
 Yeah, Bruce Isme, who was the head of White Star Line, who was the guy who apparently
 or expected to encourage them to keep the ship going faster so they could make the morning
 headlines.
 You know, and in all adaptations of Titanic, he is the villain, the Panto villain, because
 he kind of was the reason it crashed and then he escaped onto a lifeboat, snuck onto a lifeboat.
 And he's not, and I just feel like he should be rehabilitated.
 So the reason that he's this pantomime villain still today is because William Randolph Hearst,
 who owned all the newspapers at the time, they were influential, just hated him.
 Isme was this quite cold, awkward Brit, Hearst was the American guy, and he just ran this
 smear campaign almost immediately after the Titanic sank.
 He made his papers publish the suggestion that the emblem of White Star be changed to
 yellow liver in, you know, testament to his cowardice.
 And actually he, we have no evidence that he did that.
 It was reported that he did his duty completely.
 He was on the very last lifeboat to leave and, come on, it's the driver, the captain.
 Where was he in all this?
 He was hiding away in that room that exploded with water.
 Is it?
 I haven't seen any of the movies, but it seems to me like the bad guy would be the iceberg.
 Is that not?
 The iceberg was just doing its duty, James.
 Oh, is it?
 Yeah, it's what it was born to do, sink ships.
 So a lot of people went to testify about what the experience was, just so we could get it
 down in history books, and people were trying to get money from the company as well for
 the disaster.
 And one woman, basically, it reads like the worst trip advisor review ever.
 It's just her, it's like, it takes ages for her to get to the actual incident itself.
 Like the food was shit, the gym wasn't big enough.
 We were put into a third-class room, we should have been in a different room, it was barely
 enough room to get two people in there, let alone the three people that we had, the meals
 were not being served correctly.
 But then she does make this point that when they did hit, she sent her son off.
 Sorry, did she actually complain about stuff before?
 Genuinely.
 Wow.
 That's what I mean, it's like a huge long, yeah, yeah, it's a proper trip advisor, two
 stars.
 That's so funny.
 Two stars?
 Really?
 What does it have to do to get one study?
 But she then also, she says that her son goes up, finds the captain, and he's in a card
 game and he laughs it off.
 He says, "Oh, this is nothing," and she goes back there.
 Then it goes to complaints about her going, "The boat that we were put down in, the life
 raft, that was a nightmare, get it into that, the lowering of it, they didn't know what
 they were doing.
 It was on the boat on top of us, almost crashed into us."
 To be fair, you're putting a lot of tone on this, that maybe one of the guys was in
 one of those reviews that had the Plasagg response from White Star Line saying, "Well,
 you paid for the first class ticket, we will acknowledge we hit the iceberg."
 Yeah, thank you for your feedback, we relish any kind of feedback that we get for any of
 our liners.
 So funny.
 Have you heard of a woman named Violet Jessup?
 Violet Jessup, no.
 She survived the sinking of not only the Titanic, but also the Britannic in 1916, and she was
 aboard the third sister ship, the Olympic, when it collided with another boat and nearly
 sank in 1911.
 And she later wrote a memoir where she complained that after the Titanic sank, she got the
 mick taken out of her because she couldn't find a toothbrush, and she was complaining
 all the time about not having a toothbrush, and so the other survivors just started making
 fun of her.
 Hang on, when the Titanic was sinking?
 After she was on the ship, after it was the Carpathia, she'd forgotten to take her toothbrush
 with her, and so she just kept complaining that nobody would give her a toothbrush.
 So when the Britannic sank later, the first thing she did when it started sinking was
 she ran to get her toothbrush because she said a friend had told her, "Never undertake
 another disaster without first making sure of your toothbrush."
 Wow, I can't believe that's the lesson she took away from being on the Titanic because
 it sank.
 That's mainly what she talks about.
 Because she's thought, well, what I'm going to do is make sure I bring a toothbrush next
 time, whereas what I might think is don't get on a massive fucking ship.
 Being an ick.
 Do you guys know who the original captain of the Titanic was?
 The original captain, as in not the one who then was the captain?
 No, so Smith.
 Edward Smith?
 Edward Smith was the captain when it was sailing, but actually when it was being assembled
 in Belfast.
 Okay.
 I'm just thinking it's quite an easy job to be a captain of a ship while it's being
 built.
 Yeah.
 Most of the work does come in once it's at the sea.
 Oh, it's a common misconception, actually the hardest part is standing there watching
 it being built.
 No, I had a master in Belfast who was largely responsible for assembling the crew together
 to get it to Southampton where it went off to.
 So he captained it to Southampton, is that what you're saying?
 He actually didn't.
 He just got the crew together.
 Okay.
 But he was officially captain of the Titanic, and he was captain Hadek.
 Blistering barnacles.
 Are you kidding me?
 Captain Herbert Hadek.
 The first captain of the Titanic.
 Isn't that quite bizarre?
 That is something.
 Well, isn't that incredibly famous?
 What a shame he didn't take it all the way to the end.
 Do you know the link between Titanic and North Korea?
 Oh, is it?
 I feel like you might know.
 Both had a McDonald's, and is it a white star?
 No.
 The HMS Titanic sank on the same day that Kim Il-sung was born, which is April 15, 1912.
 You're right.
 I do know.
 Yes.
 The birthdays of all dictators.
 Well, it just seems like you're a quiz-er.
 It's the kind of thing that comes up.
 I feel like that he has just declared war on this day.
 Right!
 The QI Festival of Democracy has been broken.
 Oh, yeah.
 So the North Korean calendar starts from April 15, 1912.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I know all this.
 Come on.
 Tell me something I don't know.
 But for a crana.
 No, I do know that.
 They start with his birth, don't they?
 Yes, they start with his birth.
 And I tried to find out what time he was born, because obviously it sank in the Atlantic,
 and Korea is, I don't know what time zones were like in 1912, but several hours ahead
 said it could possibly have been born at the moment of the sinking.
 Do you think there's a connection?
 I do, but I'm not going to go into it here.
 What was that?
 Get on Dan's other podcast.
 Can I just quickly, very, very quickly say that in 19...
 There was a 1962 law in the town of Owasau in America, which banned children from throwing
 snowballs at each other.
 Why?
 Because it hurts.
 And I think the idea was that, you know, it stopped protesters and stuff, but effectively
 it stopped people from throwing snowballs.
 And they eventually changed the rule.
 But what happened was that people heard about this law and they got very, very upset about
 it and started sort of trolling the city and saying, how come you're stopping kids from
 throwing snowballs?
 It's disgusting.
 And one of the people who's in charge said that the nastiness of it has been incredible.
 We haven't seen as much unexpected vitriol since we cracked down on kids selling ice cream
 off their backs.
 To be honest, they do sound like the bad guys.
 In the American Civil War, massive organized snowball fights used to happen quite regularly.
 Between just the same side?
 Same side.
 But it would be, it was usually among the Confederate troops and it would be between different regiments.
 So there was one in 1864 where 20,000 troops took part.
 There were 10,000 on the Georgian and South Carolina side and 10,000 on the Tennessee side.
 What?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They were crazy.
 That's a lot of people for a snowball fight.
 Yeah.
 I don't know how they, but it's so organized and they used to play their bugles properly
 and the officers would be mounted on their horses.
 They'd fly their standards and then they'd just gallop at each other.
 Very cool.
 That's amazing.
 Tennessee won if you're interested.
 And if you captured someone from the opposition, then you'd drag them through the snow and
 stuffed snow in their face and nose and eyes and down their back and stuff.
 So you didn't want to be captured.
 Wow.
 Sounds really good.
 Good practice for the actual war.
 Oh, not that good.
 Practice.
 Maybe that's why they didn't win actually.
 Not having proper military training.
 Yeah.
 First guy comes back going, "Guys, those bullets hurt way more than the snowballs.
 Heads up."
 Okay.
 It is time for our final fact of the show and that is Lydia.
 My fact is that entrepreneurs have been ending their business's names with near me in an
 attempt to appear near the top of search results.
 So that's so good.
 It's like the modern day version of doing the naming your company with the letter A,
 you know, to get at the top of the phone.
 Bad fact, plumbing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, but is it good?
 Because let's say this is, you know, a Tex-Mex restaurant in Santa Fe and they're called
 Tex-Mex near me and I Googled it in London.
 Yeah.
 What fucking use is that?
 You'll be on a flight.
 You'll be like, "Well, I guess it's the closest one.
 I really want to Tex-Mex."
 A bit further than we were hoping, but I do want it.
 This is exactly, it does work, but the problem is exactly what you have just said is that
 it only works if you're within about a mile.
 So I read an article which is about this New York City restaurant called Tie Food Near Me.
 So in NYC in New York City, it works because of the population density.
 You're probably very close to things.
 Lots of people will be Googling Tie Food Near Me within a mile of this restaurant.
 But what's happened to make it really popular is that it's gone viral.
 Lots of people have been looking at it thinking, "This is a great joke.
 This is such a good idea."
 And that in itself has pushed up the SEO.
 So this has taken off in a way that I didn't really realize.
 In Texas alone, there's six businesses called Affordable Dentist Near Me, which is quite bleak.
 There's a psychic near me in Chicago.
 I have been spending some time.
 You've known that already with having to look.
 In the UK, I did a company's house search and there are 90 companies in this country with near me.
 Really?
 Including Skip Higher Near Me, Locksmiths Near Me.
 Don't come.
 Somewhere in New Yorkshire called Cheap Flooring Near Me.
 And in Oldham, there's a company called Fire Extinguishers Near Me, which means...
 Oh my God.
 You'd think if you need a fire extinguisher, it might be a bit more urgent.
 Yeah, I want one really near me.
 Really, really near me.
 People don't set their house on fire and think, "Oh, we'd better buy a fire extinguisher."
 Shit, the shop isn't open for another six hours.
 That's why I'm awake.
 But you're right.
 It's the modern equivalent of naming your business Double-A Plumbing or Triple-A Locksmiths.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And Apple, obviously, I think we've said before, is called Apple because they wanted to be ahead of Atari.
 I actually read that you can tell kind of how old a company is.
 Obviously, not really accurately.
 But if it's like hard about plumbing, you know that they came out around the time of Yellow Pages and telephone directories.
 Why? Yeah, yeah.
 If they're called Dan Schreiber Locksmiths, then it came before that when the most important thing was reputation.
 So people would name it after the, you know, the name of the person.
 Probably not Dan Schreiber, though, if I'm being completely honest.
 Do you?
 And these days, like in the internet area, you might be more likely to be called, you know, Oxford Plumbing.
 Yeah.
 Because people are more likely to search for the place or something like that.
 Right.
 Interesting, yeah.
 So I don't know if that's true, but I think it's a good rule of thumb.
 Yeah, I tried to, I was on the train when I had this thought and I couldn't get the research done.
 But I imagine there must be examples of bands and authors who've taken on pseudonyms to place themselves.
 Let's say you're a kid's author.
 Why not make your name "Rollette" or something like that and be right next to the Harry Potter books?
 No, that's what, just write it really.
 I think you have to write a good book.
 Yeah, I think that only works.
 That's only useful if you write some piece of shit that you want people to accidentally buy.
 Yes.
 If you actually want to be a proper good author, you want to be distinct from these people, right?
 You can't go to your publisher next time, Dan, and be like, "I've come up with a brilliant concept."
 My name is Richard Usman.
 Why did you make your surname start with you?
 Oh yeah, I'm way away from him now.
 But the problem is that these things do move on so that wouldn't work anymore.
 And in fact, the near me thing hardly worked for any time at all because as soon as Google catches on,
 as soon as the internet catches on, it rejigs its algorithm.
 So it doesn't work now because Google has been recoded so that now if you have, if you're called whatever, great dentist near me,
 Google will discount the words "near me" as keywords so it won't look for anything with "near me" in the title.
 And you've already made all the letterheads.
 That just looks stupid.
 So they'll see the words "near me" and Google will be like, "Okay, you want to find something near you."
 So they'll understand what it means but they won't look for the keywords.
 So exactly, same with open now. Don't call your business something something open now because they discount those as well.
 And it's actually counterproductive because honestly, if I saw a business called something something near me,
 I think that's really stupid.
 Do you think?
 Do you not think it looks quite cheap? Would you go to Thai restaurant near me?
 For the gag, yeah.
 You'd go for the gag.
 Would you? I actually thought that Vietnamese restaurant like banh mi, "near me" would be like that.
 That's good, well done.
 But FireExtinguisherShop open now.
 That'd be useful.
 But what about when it's not open?
 You have to stay open all the time.
 I think if your name is open now, the rules should be that your role is open.
 I think I'm attracted to places like that.
 For example, I used to go to a Thai restaurant that was up in North London specifically
 and it wasn't even in my bit of North London because it was called the Titanic genuinely.
 That's great, all right.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Was it good food or?
 It was fine, I don't know.
 Yeah, no, you didn't care.
 No, I just, I love a good joke.
 Or a bad joke, just a joke, I love a joke.
 Anyone having an effort?
 I looked at the rules of naming companies in the UK.
 So if you have a limited company, your name has to end in limited.
 Or it's also allowed to end in SIF.
 SIF.
 S-I-T-H.
 C-Y-F.
 Can we guess why?
 Riddle of me this.
 Is it guessable or is this what it is?
 I think that question was directed at Lydia.
 I think you and I said this one out.
 I'll tell you what, there is a clue if you've been on Only Connect
 because it's related to something to do with Only Connect.
 Corrin.
 Ah, no, where do they film Only Connect?
 Oh, Cardiff.
 Which is in?
 Wales.
 Which.
 Oh, it's Welsh.
 Well, they speak.
 Yeah, it's Welsh, so it's SIFingadig,
 which means limited, is shortened to SIF.
 SIFingadig, sounds like a song, sounds like a Mary J. Blyche song.
 SIFingadig.
 Who did that song where they say it backwards?
 Did they?
 Oh, Missy Elliott.
 Missy Elliott, is that who you think that?
 That's something he obviously...
 Same kind of era.
 Same kind of era.
 That's true.
 I'm going to get myself a point.
 Okay, one point for me.
 Is this Only Connect's work?
 We haven't been on.
 There are words where you need permission
 to add them to your company name, a big long list of them.
 So, you are not allowed to have the word benevolent
 in your company name because it implies you're a charity
 or that you're helping families or whatever.
 Okay.
 What if you're a charity and you're helping families?
 You need permission still.
 Well, you need permission, so...
 Yeah, you are allowed to.
 It's possible that you're allowed them.
 The word Doug, you're not allowed.
 D-U-G, can you guess why?
 Is it Welsh?
 Is it?
 Is it?
 It is Welsh, yeah.
 I thought, hey, Dougie, you had somehow got the domain
 of every single possibility.
 Why not?
 It's Welsh for Duke.
 And so, you're not allowed to be called King or Queen
 or Duke or whatever without permission
 because they might think that it's a royal company.
 What if your surname is King, Queen?
 Yeah, you would just have to say,
 is it okay that I do this?
 And they would say yes, I think.
 So, is it the Grand Old Doug of York?
 As a song.
 No, because York is not in Wales.
 No, no, the song, just the Grand Old Doug of Cardiff.
 Okay, right.
 And also, there are two cities.
 These are both in England,
 which are not allowed to use without permission.
 Okay.
 I bet it's going to...
 Both.
 Cheddar.
 Windsor?
 Windsor?
 Oh!
 Luthier has got one of them, Windsor.
 And the other one is very, very difficult to guess.
 Is it a pun?
 Is it something that means something else?
 No, it's not.
 It's just because this city is very famous
 for making other things.
 Sheffield?
 Manchester, sorry.
 Sorry.
 Sorry, I got it right again.
 Wow.
 Yeah, so the company of Cutlers is allowed to object to anyone calling their company Sheffield.
 FYI, International Relations, Sheffield's incredibly famous for making cutlery.
 Yeah.
 They do have to reject company names every year, don't they?
 Because obviously, a lot of people apply with these things in their titles,
 and often they get told they can't use that name,
 and often it is people who are like Queen's plumbing or whatever.
 But also, the company's house,
 which is sort of the British register of companies,
 and they say if you're allowed to set up a business,
 they don't allow offensive names,
 and so I was just looking at some of the names that have been rejected recently.
 Hey.
 Should we do some rejected names?
 Yes, please.
 There are a lot.
 There are almost 57,000 names rejected between January 2019 and April 2022.
 Wow.
 So they've gone through a lot.
 Wow.
 Lawnporn, UK.
 Is that a gardening place or a pornography place?
 I think it does both, yeah.
 The husband does the gardening, and then the wife does the porn.
 Lawnporn.
 I think probably just lawn-knowing.
 Doggy style, which...
 Yeah.
 That's good.
 Is that like dog hairdressers?
 Well, the sad thing about the fact they were rejected as company names is
 you can't actually look up the company and find out what it does,
 but I've got to assume it's an anal sex selling company.
 Yeah.
 Come with us.
 We're all your anal sex selling.
 Always open.
 We have to enter around the back of the building.
 I'm bull parking in the rear.
 And bum face and dick weasel.
 Can I just say, me and Dan were very upset.
 They wouldn't let us use our perfectly normal nicknames.
 That's our fringe show this year, isn't it?
 Double act.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said
 over the course of this podcast, we can be found on various social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram, mainly, on @Shrieberland.
 James.
 I am on Twitter @JamesHarken.
 Lydia.
 Also on Twitter @LydiaMison.
 Yep.
 But if you want to get to us as a big old fish group, where do they go, Anna?
 You can go to @NoSuchThing on Twitter or you can go to @NoSuchThing as a fish on Instagram
 or you can email podcast.QI.com.
 Yep.
 Also head to our website, nosuchthingasafish.com.
 All the previous episodes are up there as well as information of how you can become
 a member of Club Fish.
 It's where we have lots of bonus episodes.
 It's where there's a link to the Discord where all the listeners of the show can hang out
 and chat and also it's where we debut secret information, the hidden stuff about upcoming
 shows and so on.
 You want to be the first to find out, become a member of Club Fish and that's the place
 to do it.
 Or otherwise, just come back here next week.
 We'll be back with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 [Music]
