 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast.
 This week coming to you live from Leeds.
 My name is Dan Troiber and please welcome to the stage.
 It's Aniches Innski, James Harkin and Andy Murray.
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Chikovsky used to hold his head
 when conducting because he was afraid it would fall off.
 (audience laughing)
 So this is apparently he used to get so nervous
 when he was going on stage and there was so much going
 on in his head that he genuinely thought,
 "No, this is definitely gonna fly off halfway through the game."
 So he would sit there or stand there rather
 and have his hand just resting.
 - Yeah, I thought that it wasn't true
 and I went on the internet and a few people said
 that they thought it wasn't true
 but then I found one of his best friends actually said
 that he did do this so.
 - Although, less you'd trust Dan too far
 when you first told this to me last week
 and he told me where you'd read it.
 It wasn't a book of fiction, wasn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 - It was in a movie called "Still Crazy"
 which stars Bill Nighy and Billy Conley
 and he said that.
 But yeah, so it turns out a lot of people do say
 that it might not be true
 and they only say it because Tchaikovsky is one of those guys
 where people love to build myths around him
 for some reason and create stories about him
 and that was one possibly, but as James says,
 we found a source.
 - Well, he was a massive star, wasn't he?
 He was one of those classical musicians in the 19th century
 that was the equivalent of what's the famous band?
 - Just in Beaver of his day.
 - The Justin Beaver of his day.
 Yeah, when he went to America to perform,
 a few performances in New York,
 people used to cut out the pictures of his face
 and newspapers and send them to him
 and say, "Please sign this."
 And which is really creepy, but whatever.
 - Got a guy who thinks his head's gonna fall off as well together.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, you're right, that was harsh, it was harsh.
 He was a troubled person,
 but I think the clues were there.
 So when he was first going to America,
 he was writing this diary of a questions
 he had to ask when he got there
 to make sure that he didn't screw up or die.
 And there were three questions
 and it was, is it safe to drink the water for a question?
 Where can I do my laundry for a question?
 What sort of hats do people wear?
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow, but that's interesting because his death
 is to do with a glass of water, isn't it?
 - Yeah, really, yeah.
 He's supposedly died of cholera, didn't he?
 - Yeah.
 - That's what they think, hold on,
 maybe he committed suicide?
 - Yeah, they're not sure.
 - Or it might be that he, so I think,
 'cause he was really paranoid about drinking
 about clean water as evidence by his to-do list
 when he got to America,
 really paranoid about clean as the water's whole life.
 And then he suddenly drunk a glass of tap water
 in the middle of a cholera outbreak.
 So people think maybe he did that on purpose.
 - There was one of the time when he supposedly tried
 to commit suicide by walking into the Moscow River
 and trying to catch pneumonia that way.
 - Yeah, sure, isn't it?
 - Evelyn wore, tried to kill himself by swimming out to sea,
 but then he got stung by a jellyfish.
 (audience laughing)
 He didn't like that, one bit.
 (audience laughing)
 So I think he thought, "Dying's probably even worse than this."
 (audience laughing)
 So he swam back.
 That was before he wrote anything as well.
 He wouldn't have any even more of that.
 I started reading something about Tchaikovsky,
 which is that he always had this kind of slightly
 uneasy relationship with the sound of the violin,
 because as a child, he had had this nightmare
 that he was being rubbed against a block of,
 you know, Rosen, the stuff at the--
 - Oh, really?
 - Yeah, and then I realized this was a humor piece
 from The New Yorker.
 (audience laughing)
 This was not true.
 - All the other stuff at Tchaikovsky is so crazy
 that you would think--
 - It just kind of sound like it could be true, doesn't it?
 - It did.
 - He once went to Berlin Zoo and saw a Boer Constructor
 being fed a large rat.
 - A Boer Constructor?
 - A Boer Constructor.
 (audience laughing)
 (audience laughing)
 Those Boers don't make themselves.
 (audience laughing)
 A Boer Constructor.
 Yes, a Boer Constrictor being fed a large rat,
 and he screamed, run away, started shaking all over,
 and he had to be in bed for a week, because--
 - Yeah.
 - But that's it.
 (audience laughing)
 - So, this thing about his head falling off
 is kind of an example of what they call glass delusion, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - It is a really popular delusion for about 300 years.
 Glass had become like this massive material
 that everyone was using.
 And it was almost a standard mental issue of the day
 that people had, that they thought they were made of glass
 and they were gonna shatter if they fell over or whatever.
 And then it got replaced by cement delusion a bit later.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, it did, cement delusion was a real thing.
 - But when was cement invented?
 - Well, the Romans made cement, they made a kind of cement
 that we don't really know exactly what it was anymore,
 but the real kind of proper time that cement was really
 popular was the 19th century,
 and that's when cement delusion came in.
 And actually, it always seems to be that people get deluded
 by whatever is the main kind of technology of the day.
 So people think that the internet's out to get them
 or whatever.
 And there's one that last year was the first ever known case
 of climate change delusion.
 - And it was where a guy wouldn't drink any water
 because he felt guilty about taking it from the earth.
 - Oh, oh, yeah.
 - Well, maybe if we all had that actually,
 we would be in the pickle room.
 King Charles VI of France.
 - Charles the mad, wasn't he?
 - Well, he was known either as Charles the mad
 or Charles the well-beloved,
 which suggests the PR people found out about the first thing.
 But he thought he was made of glass
 and he would keep pieces of iron in his pockets
 because he thought that would protect him
 if anything bumped into him
 or if he accidentally bumped into a doorway
 when he was going through it.
 So he would be defended against it.
 - Yeah.
 - So I think it was real.
 - There is a thing where your limbs can randomly fall off though.
 - What?
 (audience laughs)
 - What?
 - It's auto-amputation, which is when a limb decides
 to amputate itself.
 And the most--
 - When a limb decides to amputate itself.
 - That's a very dense sentence.
 - So it sounds weird coming from Adam.
 (audience laughs)
 - The most common form makes us unless to amputate.
 The most common form is dactylosis spontaneous,
 which is when your toes spontaneously fall off.
 And they don't know why this happens,
 but it's like a ring of tough tissue forms
 around the base of your little toe.
 And weirdly when it happens,
 it usually happens on both little toes at once
 and it starts squeezing and squeezing our little toe.
 And eventually your little toe falls off
 and they don't know the cause of it.
 And so eventually it's hanging by something called a pedical
 and then it just drops off.
 And we don't know why it happens.
 It's more common in the tropics,
 but that's the only clue we have.
 - Oh my god.
 - So anyone else have that thing where you read about a disease
 and then you automatically get it?
 (audience laughs)
 I am so sure my little toes are gonna fall off.
 (audience laughs)
 - I found another thing about sort of worry and fear.
 So the Pintupi people of Australia,
 who are an Aboriginal people in Australia,
 supposedly they have 15 different words for fear
 and this drops up a lot.
 And they're all specific kinds of fears.
 So I'm gonna pronounce this, don't write in,
 but Ni-Ni-Wara-Ringu.
 (audience laughs)
 - Even I'm right again.
 (audience laughs)
 - Do you try saying it?
 Ni-Ni-Wara-Ringu I think is a sudden fear
 that leads one to stand up to see what caused it.
 (audience laughs)
 What?
 (audience laughs)
 - It's cool.
 - Yeah, that's really cool.
 - Yeah.
 - Is that over?
 - I feel like I'm at it.
 - I'm sorry.
 - I'm gonna read the other kind of 45 out of it though.
 - No, that's the only one I've found.
 - I can't read proof of it.
 - That's the only one that I can print out though.
 (audience laughs)
 We should move on to our next fact soon.
 Anyone got anything before we do?
 - I've one last thing.
 - Yeah, yeah, sure.
 - Which is, it's not really related.
 It's about classical music,
 but I found it through looking for things about Chakowsky,
 which is that shock waves from the front of trombones
 move faster than the speed of sound.
 - Whoa.
 - Really?
 - I'm gonna miss it.
 - I'm gonna miss it.
 - Bullshit.
 (audience laughs)
 - Well, I refer you to bbc.co.uk.
 (audience laughs)
 - They've measured, they've measured that,
 okay, it sort of builds up in the tube of the trombone.
 And it leaves the front of the trombone
 at about 1% faster than the speed of sound.
 These pressure waves.
 And so if you're sitting in front of the trombones,
 if you're in an orchestra, it can be a nightmare.
 And sometimes people have a projector screen.
 - I look at anyone's that close to a trombone
 or you know that's gonna be a worry at a gig.
 - If you're in an orchestra.
 - Oh, sorry, the person sitting in front of the trombone.
 - I thought you made the audience say,
 "Oh, these are great seats."
 (audience laughs)
 - Wait, so people were in the orchestra
 were protective clothes to someone
 so they were getting battered by the shockwaves?
 - Yeah.
 - Some musicians who are sitting directly
 in front of the trombonists
 have protective screens between them and the trombonists.
 - Now I feel so passive-aggressive that motion.
 If I were the trombonist and I sat down,
 I realize someone's got a big screen up in front of me.
 (audience laughs)
 - All right, let's move on.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is James Tarkin.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that asthmatic otters
 can be taught to use inhalers.
 (audience laughs)
 So there is asthmatic otter in Seattle Aquarium.
 He seemed to have contracted asthma
 after the wild fires got near to him
 when he had bad fires in Washington State.
 He was called Mishka, this otter.
 And they used food to train Mishka
 to kind of go up to this little inhaler thing
 and he would press it with his nose
 and then get a little bit of asthma medicine.
 - Ah.
 - It is the most adorable fact of all times.
 - This is really his.
 - I quite like the whole thing of offering food
 to get them to heal themselves through a bit of medication.
 There is another otter that I read about called Eddie,
 Eddie the otter.
 And Eddie had problems with his,
 he basically was developing arthritis in his elbows.
 And so they needed to get him to sort of exercise
 or the joints constantly.
 And so what they did was they set up a basketball ring
 and they rewarded him in fish every time he got a shot in.
 So they'd give him a basketball
 and I swear to God, this is what this says.
 Eddie was slam dunking into the ring.
 He was loving it.
 - He's now got a contract, doesn't he, with the NBA?
 - Yeah, speaking of otters that could be six foot tall.
 - I know.
 - They're a giant otters in Brazil, in the Amazon.
 They're otters that are up to six feet long
 and they're called giant otters.
 So they're only 5,000 left and in captivity,
 they have killed people, people who fall into their cages.
 - They're killed by an otter.
 - Yeah, but a huge otter.
 They're really powerful looking things.
 - They're also really, they can be really vicious though,
 although they're, so they can attack.
 - Outside of killing people, they can also.
 - That is the tip of the iceberg.
 No, the otter and family, the were,
 they're part of the Weasel family.
 And I was watching it David, after my clip the other day,
 there was a Weasel that was about three inches long
 and it killed, now it doesn't sound that impressive,
 it was a rabbit.
 It was 10 times its size.
 It was the biggest rabbit I've ever seen,
 10 times the size of it.
 And they wrap themselves around the necks of their prey
 and then they just squeeze them
 and then they bite them in the back of the neck
 and they're done and they can take prey 10 times the size of them.
 - Wow. - Yeah, so they're not so cute.
 - So I read a book called Otter by Daniel Allen
 and if you want otter facts, it is such a good book.
 So otters used to be sacred to the Zoroastrian people
 who lived in Persia, so multiply a run.
 There were 18 possible penalties for killing an otter
 in ancient Persia with the Zoroastrians,
 which included you would have to then go and kill 10,000 frogs,
 (laughing)
 10,000 snakes, 10,000 worms, 10,000 corpse flies,
 whatever they are, and whoever did it,
 he would also have to carry 10,000 loads of cleansed wood
 to a sacred fire and he would lose all his wealth,
 his property, his land and he would have to give up his daughter
 to godly men.
 (laughing)
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 - It is a Japanese folklore otter's can shape shift.
 And so the stories that they kind of live in moats
 around castles and they could turn into a beautiful woman,
 invite a man over and then eat and kill him.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - People are waking up, be caught next to a daughter.
 Oh, I swear to god, she's a beautiful woman last night.
 (laughing)
 - And also they can shape shift and full people
 into engaging in sumo against a rock or a tree stump.
 (laughing)
 When St. Cuthbert, he was a seventh century saint
 and when he walked into the sea one night to pray
 and when he walked out two otters approached him
 and warmed his feet ceremonially by rubbing themselves
 on him and breathing on his feet, otter.
 - They were probably just trying to dry off,
 I imagine, and his feet happened to be there.
 I'm sure he's interpreted it as an affectionate move
 but when they come out of the water,
 they have to rub themselves on a lot of stuff.
 And this must be the most annoying thing,
 coastal otters who live in the sea,
 every time they are in the sea and then they come out of the sea,
 they have to then go and have a shower in fresh water somewhere
 because if they keep the salt on their fur
 for any amount of time, then it ruins the waterproofing
 of their fur.
 So they live in the sea but every time they get out of the sea
 they have to find some fresh water immediately
 and wash the salt out of it.
 - Oh, wow.
 - How annoying is that?
 - Yeah.
 Do you guys know the surface area of an otter?
 (laughing)
 I mean, roughly, yeah.
 - So one more with Cuthbert.
 - What would you say?
 - About one square meter.
 - I don't know, including the hairs.
 - Yeah.
 - We're do the surface area.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, if you tend to go to a surface area,
 including the hairs.
 - Yeah.
 - And I know that they have 70,000 hairs per centimeter squared
 so a quick bit of calculation.
 - That's right, they're about 10 tennis courts.
 (laughing)
 - A million carparks.
 - No, that's it.
 - No, what is it?
 - What are the size of whales?
 (laughing)
 - About the size of a hockey rink.
 - That doesn't have.
 - That's great.
 - They say like the size of a shoe or something.
 I don't know.
 (laughing)
 So they've got more hairs on them
 than any animal in the animal kingdom.
 So if you have that to go total surface area,
 the size of a hockey rink.
 - Which is--
 - That's not amazing.
 - Yeah, I read that the sea otters have the densest
 'cause they spend the whole lives basically in the sea.
 They mate and they eat and they sleep and they feed.
 They spend almost all the time floating on the backs
 and they have up to 165,000 hairs per square centimeter.
 That's the densest you get.
 But I think that's more than a human has hairs on their head.
 One thing that's interesting about sea otters is they use tools.
 So they can get stones and they can crack open shells
 to get the food inside.
 But there are people whose job it is
 to be an otter archaeologist.
 And they want to go and find the tools that the otters use
 so they can see kind of how they've evolved.
 So a normal archaeologist would go and find old human tools.
 But there are people looking for old otter tools.
 That's cool, isn't it?
 - That's really cool.
 - But the problem is that a stone like after they've broken
 the thing, they just kind of drop it to the bottom of the ocean
 and it just looks like a stone then.
 - Yeah, there's not like now they have spanners and seed drills
 and stuff.
 And we need to look at where they started.
 We're not going, wow, to start somewhere.
 - Also, how does a single archaeologist
 able to take them away? - So what they do now
 is because they can't really work out which stones are used
 by otters in which hand.
 They get like, they get--
 - So they just get some stones, so it's probably these.
 - So what they do is they get like old ancient otter skeletons
 and they look at the teeth and they see whether they've used--
 if they had to use a teeth to open the shells and they'll be cracked
 and if they didn't have to use a teeth, then they won't be cracked
 and so you can tell when they started using tools.
 - Wow. - That's amazing.
 - They also have, we think they smell in quite an incredible way
 because they can't technically smell underwater.
 The water stops the smell particles
 and being able to get to their nose.
 So what is thought that they do, what we've seen them doing,
 is they blow a snot bubble out of their nose while they're underwater
 and then they blow it out towards what they think is some prey
 and then they immediately suck it back in again.
 So they get the scent of the prey into the air and the snot bubble
 and they suck it back in and they can smell it.
 - Oh, wait. - That's incredible.
 - That's a perani what they're doing
 and that's how they smell if it's prey they want to eat
 or if it's just a bit of rock.
 - That's so cool.
 - We should move on to our next fact very soon.
 Anyone got anything before we do?
 - Some stuff about asthma very quickly. - Yeah, sure.
 - So Thomas Penny, who is an English entomologist,
 thought that if you took crushed wood lyce, that would cure asthma.
 - Huh?
 - Something that actually can cure asthma is roller coasters
 or you can't cure it but you can leave the symptoms.
 - It can make you forget about it for three minutes.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, this is an Ig Nobel study actually
 and they check people's kind of breathing, breathing,
 not breathing.
 - Not a roller coaster, James.
 (laughing)
 - The bars are damn it. - Three minutes, that's all right.
 (laughing)
 - So they check their breathing ability before and after
 and just before they, because of the stress
 of going on the roller coaster, it got a bit worse
 but then afterwards, somehow the pleasurable stress
 seems to have kind of relieved the symptoms
 of asthma quite a lot.
 - Really?
 - It's quite good.
 - Good tip, it's good.
 - Just on difficulty breathing,
 also mothers teach their kids to swim
 by doing what all of our parents did when we learned to swim
 which is just like forcibly ducking them underwater
 in order to make that.
 So baby otters are born not being able to swim
 and that you can watch videos of mothers training otters
 and they drag them from the rocks into the water
 and then they pull them along behind them
 and then they let go of them like when you're riding a bike
 for the first time and they sort of start sinking a bit
 and so their mother has to go up and get them
 and then to get them used to being underwater
 for long periods of time, they just like duck
 these baby otters underwater and hold them there.
 - It's very difficult experiences growing up.
 (laughing)
 - My dad was an otter.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three
 and that is Chazinski.
 - Yeah, my fact this week is that your appendix
 can be turned into a sphincter, if you like.
 (laughing)
 - No one's forcing you.
 - I think you're gonna have to explain.
 - Yeah, so I just think this is incredibly cool.
 What I guess what medicine and surgery can do.
 So appendix can be really useful now.
 It can be repurposed for other reasons inside your body.
 So for instance, if you need bladder replacement surgery
 then the surgeon's going and they take a part of your intestine
 to make a little bladder out of it
 and then they take your appendix and they reform it into tissue
 that builds a sphincter muscle that can contract
 and means that you're not gonna be incontinent.
 Which I think is incredible.
 You take your appendix that's sitting there
 relatively uselessly, controversial claim.
 (laughing)
 And you turn it into something really useful
 that stops you wetting yourself all the time.
 - I think that's amazing.
 And it happens a lot in surgery.
 You can use appendices for various things.
 You can turn them into other things.
 You can also turn them into the ureta.
 If you've got a problem with your ureta
 you can replace that by reshaping an appendix.
 - If you are hosting a child's birthday party
 but you've run out of balloons.
 (laughing)
 And appendix will make a poor,
 but exams are the subject.
 (laughing)
 - We should say that because the Aztecs
 used the bowels of animals to make balloons.
 Or they blew into them.
 I mean, and then they kind of tied them
 and I don't think they did shapes out of them.
 (laughing)
 But that is true actually.
 I think that is true.
 And I read in one place that apparently
 when they ran out of kind of caps or dogs,
 what did they use?
 They use humans because they had loads of human sacrifices
 and loads of dead humans
 and they would use the insides of humans to make balloons.
 I have read that.
 - Happy birthday son.
 - And here's your grandparents, organs.
 (laughing)
 - God.
 (laughing)
 So you, Dan, have millions of sphincters.
 (laughing)
 And so does everybody else.
 - Millions are strong.
 You have such a point out of the sphincter
 I'm talking about is not the sphincter
 that you're imagining.
 - Of course.
 - Because we do have a lot of sphincters.
 - Yeah, so we've all got an A-list sphincter as it were.
 But there are millions of them throughout your body.
 So you have sphincters all the way
 through your digestive system.
 So sphincter is just a ring of muscle
 which can expand or contract to allow anything through it.
 So you also have them in your blood vessels.
 All your veins and capillaries have tiny, tiny, tiny sphincters
 which widen or constrict depending
 on where needs blood in the body.
 - Is it millions?
 I thought it was like 60.
 - Well, I looked into it a lot and I haven't got enough.
 - They've counted a load of ones.
 So they've counted the one that goes
 from your esophagus to the stomach
 or from the stomach to the small intestine.
 But they haven't counted the ones in the blood vessels.
 - Some of them are so tiny.
 So I'm not sure that there can be a proper audit.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - But you've done your best.
 - Yeah.
 - So why say a million?
 Maybe it's thousands, I don't know.
 - So the word sphincter comes from an old word sphinctine
 which means to squeeze.
 And another word that comes from that is sphincts
 as in the big animal in Egypt.
 Yeah, that's a country.
 So the official plural of the word sphincts is sphinjis.
 - Yeah.
 - So that's one for you all to use.
 (laughing)
 - Sphincters are a blue horse.
 Whales, blue horse, sphincters.
 - Yeah.
 - Any kind of muscle that kind of contracts.
 - An elephant's trunks.
 - Your eyes.
 - Your eyes.
 - In your pupils, the muscles which allow your pupils
 to expand or contract their sphincters.
 - And you have two in your reiners.
 - Three.
 - You have an internal one,
 which is involuntary and an external one,
 which is voluntary.
 - In most cases.
 (laughing)
 - Also, koalas.
 Koala pouches are like kangaroo pouches,
 but they're upside down, which feels like a design flaw.
 So when they're raising their young,
 they're in this upside down pouch,
 which if they didn't have the sphincter,
 which acts kind of like an elastic band
 or like a drawstring to keep the baby in there,
 the baby would just drop out of their pouch.
 So they clench their sphincter,
 and then the baby stays in there.
 - So the appendix, should we talk about that?
 - Yeah, why not?
 - Yeah.
 - So lots of theories.
 We didn't know about it until 1522,
 because in the ancient world,
 the doctor Galen, who was just the doctor,
 and his stuff was the only really anatomical stuff
 we knew about until the 16th century,
 he only dissected monkeys,
 and monkeys don't have an appendix or appendices.
 - Do they not?
 - Yeah, so that's why we didn't know it existed.
 - Yeah, although what happened when it burst,
 presumably people would have got appendicitis.
 - Yeah, people got it, but I--
 - But they just didn't know when it was.
 - No, exactly, 'cause the dissection was really,
 a big no-no, as long as you went an elastic, I suppose.
 - There's a thing I read today about
 when Australian explorers go to the Arctic,
 they have to have their appendix taken out,
 so it turns out that that's not necessarily true,
 they do encourage it,
 but there is Werner Herzog made a documentary
 about the people who live out there,
 and the ones who choose to stay out
 when it goes into the real inaccessible months,
 and they have to make the decision
 if they're gonna stay out there.
 The appendix needs to be taken out,
 as do wisdom teeth.
 That's the thing that doesn't have any way
 that they can stay out there.
 - I wasn't there who had appendicitis
 when he was in the Antarctic.
 - I think Lear Nidroghazov, I was gonna say, he was Russian, yeah.
 - Yeah, so there was this 1961,
 and it was a Russian trip to the South Pole,
 and this guy, Lear Nidroghazov,
 got appendicitis, he happened to be a surgeon,
 which was useful, and he said,
 "Look, I think I'm gonna have to take out my own appendix."
 And he wrote, "Well, I find incredible as he's in total agony,
 and the night before he did the operation,
 he was writing his diary, and he wrote,
 "It hurts like the devil,
 I have to think through the only possible way out
 "to operate on myself."
 Anyway, he took his appendix out,
 and he had three assistants, one to hold the lamp,
 one to hold the mirror,
 so that he could see inside himself,
 and then a third person in case one of those two fainted.
 - What?
 (laughing)
 - I want to be that guy.
 (laughing)
 - He said so, he, so the mirror wasn't actually
 that helpful, it turned out,
 so he ended up doing it by feeling around.
 - Oh, that's right.
 - Because it was all back to front, wasn't he?
 He had the mirror there, but he kept going one way,
 but like shaving the wrong side of your face or something.
 - Yeah, which I think was harder than he imagined,
 so he thought it was probably easy if I just feel,
 and then he ended up tearing a bit of his gut at one point,
 and he had to sow that art mid-operation.
 And what he said afterwards, when he was talking,
 when he was interviewed about, he said,
 "I felt so sorry for my surgical assistants,
 "they stood there in their surgical whites,
 "whiter than the white themselves."
 (laughing)
 Paul there.
 (laughing)
 - The task doorstep challenge was actually,
 (laughing)
 I found it that way.
 (laughing)
 Paul, do you know what, so this is sort of this fact,
 was sort of about repurposing body parts
 for different things.
 And if you have a tummy tuck, they use the fat
 for breast implants, so they read the--
 - But even if you don't ask for it, I'm full.
 (laughing)
 - Wait, not what not.
 (laughing)
 Okay, time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 - My fact is that the founder of Croft's
 designed special train carriages for celebrity dogs.
 (laughing)
 So in the 19th century, Croft's was founded in the,
 I think, 1891.
 But there were loads of dog shows, before Croft's,
 and before these train carriages were invented,
 what they would just do, they would put the dogs
 that were going to the dog show in special boxes,
 which were then strapped to the underside of the carriage.
 - Yeah.
 - So they would arrive, not in good nick,
 not really ready for a dog show.
 (laughing)
 So he designed these special deluxe train carriages
 for dogs, and they had a row of canals inside,
 and they had zinc flooring, and they had water troughs,
 and they had drainage, and they had two seats for attendance.
 So it's like tapping crew.
 - It's zinc flooring the height of luxury.
 - I dream, I don't know, maybe for dogs,
 or maybe he's seen as cleaner or maybe it was that.
 - The guy from Croft's, Charles Croft,
 he was actually, was he kind of a showman,
 or a dog biscuit manufacturer?
 - He was a dog biscuit manufacturer.
 In London, there was a very famous building,
 I think it was the first ever dog biscuit factory ever,
 and it was called Sprats, and that's where Charles Croft worked.
 He started there, and he was working on the biscuits,
 and he was so good, he had ideas about marketing,
 and he turned it into the first sort of major brand of biscuits.
 They put logos on it, and so on, so people knew about it.
 - Yeah, thanks.
 - There's a rumor that Charles Croft never owned a dog
 in his life.
 - Yeah, I've read it.
 - And he sort of put it about during his life
 that he never owned a dog, and his wife's, yeah,
 because we couldn't show favoritism for one breed or another,
 and then in his posthumous memoirs,
 it turned out that he had a sunburner.
 - Yeah, he had a massive sunburner, didn't he?
 - Yeah, that sounds very rude.
 (audience laughing)
 - Quite hard to hide that, the dog.
 (audience laughing)
 I'm surprised he kept his secrets in love.
 - They're true, yeah.
 - So Croft was a genius at making money, basically.
 I'm putting on these big shows,
 I'm putting on even bigger shows,
 and just really exploiting his audience in his market.
 So I read that this was what he did
 in the early days of Croft, so I'm quoting here.
 He introduced a system where competitors would pay
 to enter their dogs, and make additional payments
 if they wish to take the dogs away
 each night of the competition,
 and then pay again if they wanted to take them away early
 on the final day.
 - Wow.
 - So basically, it's not free to enter or leave.
 (audience laughing)
 - Coated, many people run out of money
 and just have to leave their dog there forever.
 Is there a huge lost property office of dead dogs
 that are 75 years old?
 (audience laughing)
 - I just think that's an inspired system, yeah, that's it.
 It also applies here tonight, guys, so.
 (audience laughing)
 Croft also found, Charles Croft, the guy who founded it,
 also founded a cat show, did you know that?
 - It did.
 - But, quoting from, I think there's Oxford Dictionary
 of National Bography Entry,
 it failed to live up to commercial expectations.
 - Yeah.
 - It doesn't feel like cats would like to be shown.
 - Oh, I read a thing about cat shows,
 and there was a lady who was giving advice for this,
 there is a cat show called the Supreme Cat Show,
 which is such a good name,
 and she enters cats for it all the time,
 and she said, "The main grooming things
 "are brushing the coat through with a comb,
 "making sure the underarms and the bikini area
 "are combed through with a comb."
 (audience laughing)
 - Whoa.
 - Oh my God.
 (audience laughing)
 - And washing the cat's face.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's pretty weird, yeah.
 - Wow.
 - So, the prize isn't croft.
 It's really small as well.
 Do you know the maximum prize?
 Cash prize that you get?
 - Oh no.
 - It's 100 pounds, so it's really, it's a token thing.
 - Yeah, right.
 - You also get a big silver cup,
 but you're not allowed to melt it or anything.
 - And a lot of royalty have won.
 - So there are?
 - Have a lot of royalties.
 - Do they come in disguise?
 (audience laughing)
 - Quick, quick, Victoria entered as a shitsoo.
 (audience laughing)
 - What many years running?
 'Cause everyone was too afraid to say that's the queen.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, and so you can make money from endorsements
 and from, you know, pimping the dog out for stud.
 Whatever, I don't know what it's called,
 but they have sex with other dogs
 and then you get better dogs.
 But, do you know what the prize was?
 It was in the first modern dog show,
 which was in 1859 in Newcastle.
 - No.
 - The prizes were all guns.
 (audience laughing)
 It was a really rural farming based competition.
 It was a cattle show and they said,
 "Why don't we add a dog element to this cattle show
 "and so the prize at the thrall guns?"
 - Do you know if you get a train in the UK
 that you don't have to pay for your first two dogs
 to come on for your third one you do?
 Yeah, so you get two dogs free and then your third one,
 you gotta start paying.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, and every additional dog you bring up, yeah.
 - But I read also that if any other customer objects
 to its presence on the train,
 you are obliged to move it to another area
 according to by law 16 of the...
 - Oh yeah, try saying that when the pitbull's good at stealing it.
 (audience laughing)
 I object to this according to by law 16.
 (audience laughing)
 - I just have a cool train if you want to hear it.
 - I have a cool train.
 (audience laughing)
 What are you, sex?
 (audience laughing)
 - So, the Shining Zeppelin in 1931 was a German train
 and they wanted to make a super fast train.
 And what they wanted to do was put a huge propeller
 on the back of the train and they would go super, super fast
 down the tracks.
 It's a brilliant idea, but it never went past the prototype stage
 because they found out that the propellers would kill people
 who stood too close to the tracks
 at the train stations.
 Oh my God.
 (audience laughing)
 I've read there's a new idea of most complaints
 that come about the way that trains function.
 One complaint is the fact that too much time is lost
 when they're trying to stop when they stop at a station
 and people are getting on and off.
 The other one is about internet access.
 So, one of the plans for a new train that they've been designing
 is to design a train that never stops
 but still picks up passengers.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Yeah, it's incredible.
 So, it just goes high speed, it's just high speeding along.
 And then what they do is everyone boards another train
 and the other train chases the train that's going to the place,
 docs onto it, everyone casually walks over, docs off it
 and goes back to the station.
 That's one proposed idea for a new train.
 - Yeah.
 - That sounds about as sensible as James's massive slicey fan.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for being here.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things we've said over the course of this podcast,
 you can find us on our Twitter account.
 I'm on @tribaland.
 James @Xshaped.
 Andy @AndrewHunterM.
 - And Shazinsky.
 - You can email podcast@QI.com.
 - Or you can go to our group account,
 which is @QIpodcast and also go to our website.
 We've got no such thing as a fish.com.
 That's where you go.
 And we have all of our previous episodes up there.
 Thank you so much for listening at home.
 Thank you all for being here at Leeds.
 That was awesome.
 Thank you so much.
 We'll see you again next time.
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
