 (upbeat music)
 (cheers and applause)
 Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you live from New York City!
 (cheers and applause)
 - My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anichezinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that's my fact this week,
 my fact is Carl Sagan spent two years suing Apple computers
 for calling him a butt head.
 (audience laughs)
 - That's gonna be hard 'cause you have to prove
 that you're not a butt head drinker.
 - Yeah, absolutely.
 So for listeners who don't know who Carl Sagan is,
 he is of course the great scientist.
 He did the TV show, "Cosmos," the golden disc
 on the Voyager, he was the person who dreamt that up.
 He's one of the greatest public science speakers
 of all time, if not the best.
 - Is he a New Yorker, who's he?
 - He's born in Brooklyn, yeah.
 (audience cheers)
 Born in the same little village
 that the three stoogers were born in.
 So this was in 1993.
 So basically what happened is that Apple computers
 were releasing the Power Macintosh 7100,
 and when they were putting it together,
 and they had to talk to the media and stuff,
 they had a code name that they used, which was Carl Sagan.
 And the joke in the team was that the idea was
 they wanted to sell billions and billions
 of the new computer.
 So Sagan found out about this, and he said,
 he wrote them a letter saying,
 "You absolutely can't do this.
 "You're using my name to profit with your company,
 "and I don't want you to do that.
 "Can you please stop?"
 So they did stop, but what they did instead
 was rename the code name BHA,
 which stood for Butthead Astronomer.
 (audience laughs)
 And he thought that's defamation of characters.
 So he sued them, and unfortunately he lost,
 and so they carried on with it.
 So then he then tried to sue them
 for calling it Carl Sagan to begin with at all,
 and he lost that as well.
 But then he then tried to sue them once again,
 and they settled outside of court.
 So we don't know what happened there,
 but the final code name that was given in place of BHA
 was L.A.W. Law, which stood for Lawyers or Wimps.
 (audience laughs)
 - Wow.
 - So there were no hard feelings at the end of it, clearly.
 - Yeah.
 - It must have hurt though, because billions and billions,
 billions and billions is the phrase
 that he's really famous for, and that's, as you say,
 why they named it that, and he never bloody said it,
 and there's always used to really annoy him.
 For someone who was interested in the huge cosmic questions,
 he had quite a petty side, it seems.
 So he once was presenting on his documentaries,
 and he said there are billions of stars out there.
 And I think Johnny Carson on the tonight show
 did an impersonation of him where he said billions
 and billions, and that became his catchphrase,
 and it really pissed him off.
 And he used to be asked to say billions and billions.
 It's not even a good catchphrase.
 And he'd refuse to say it, and he'd refuse to write it,
 and eventually he caved and started saying it,
 and writing it all over the shop.
 Well, that's the thing, I first read about billions and billions,
 the fact that it wasn't his, in one of his later books,
 a collection of essays, which was called "Billions and Billions."
 Oh, there we go, yeah.
 But he did that unit that he said
 that has become a kind of joke unit in astronomical terms.
 A "sagan" means, it means four billion.
 Oh, really?
 It's billions plus billions.
 Wow, what is approximately four billion?
 It's any number greater than four billion.
 Yeah, it's a "sagan", so it's very useless term for--
 Yeah, exactly, how often are we using the "sagan" in life?
 Never, never, never.
 The story of the Voyager Gold Disc was also very, very cool,
 because I did not know that he was behind this,
 so the Voyager exploration and the space was nearly a cassette tape.
 They nearly put that up, but they realized
 that it would get shot to pieces by radiation and things like this.
 Yeah, but it's copper coated in gold,
 and that will last for a quarter of a "sagan" years.
 Oh, cool.
 Very cool.
 And there are lots of stories about it.
 And one of the stories that I knew that you would like,
 Dan, is that the song "Here Comes the Sun" by the Beatles
 was going to be on it, but the Beatles weren't
 allowed to put it on there because they didn't own the copyright
 to a lot of their own material at the time.
 That's the story.
 It turns out it's not true, and the producer of the disc--
 I didn't know how to record producer behind it, but there we go--
 he said, in an article that he wrote about it,
 it's not the Beatles' strongest work,
 and the witticism of the title, if charming in the short run,
 seemed unlikely to remain funny for a billion years.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He's asking a huge amount of any joke
 to remain funny for one billion years.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He must have been really insulted
 to be called a butthead, as well, because he
 hated beaverson butthead.
 Did he?
 Is he on record as having hated?
 He is.
 In one of his bloody side.
 In one of his books, he said, "The dumbing down of America
 is most evident in the slow decay
 of substantive content in the enormously influential media.
 As I write, the number one video cassette rental in America
 is a movie, "Dum and Dumber."
 Beaverson Butthead also remains popular.
 Wow.
 He absolutely hated beaverson butthead.
 Oh.
 I think he just didn't get it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Do you know Beaverson Butthead are named the two people
 and named after real people?
 No.
 Yeah, so the guy who created it was Mike Judge,
 and he lived next door to a 12-year-old who called himself
 Iron Butt, because he claimed that he felt no pain
 when anyone kicks him in the backside.
 Right.
 And his best friend, everyone called him butthead,
 because he was such good friends with Iron Butt.
 And then they had a third friend who was called Bobby Beaverson.
 Wow.
 And he was really not famous for anything,
 apart from he had a really weird laugh.
 This is a kind of high-brow content you get from our podcast.
 If only Sagan could have heard us speaking tonight.
 It's amazing that he didn't like them,
 because he was a proper stoner, Carl Sagan.
 Yeah.
 Like, he really loved smoking.
 And it's at the point where he used to write articles
 to magazines that just dealt purely in marijuana,
 sort of saying, I wish this was legalized,
 and he wrote them under pseudonyms.
 We didn't find this out until after he died.
 But he was an advocate while he was still alive.
 Can I just tell you who the first person in history
 who was called the Butthead was?
 Yeah.
 That was, in 1896, it was describing a guy
 called Thomas Gage, who was the British commander-in-chief
 during the Battle of Bunker Hill.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And that was when the British kind of won the battle,
 but it was a massively peric victory,
 because they lost, like, 1,000 men in the battle.
 And someone wrote about him saying he was an absolute Butthead.
 Oh.
 That seems actually a bit too weakening, though,
 for someone who's murdered thousands of men.
 I know someone else who was called--
 what was it, Iron Butt?
 Iron Butt.
 So Iron Ass was also the nickname of Richard Nixon.
 What was it?
 Yeah.
 The people used to kick him in the butt and he couldn't feel it.
 No, well, he got it for a slightly different reason.
 When it was a student, he was known for his cast, Iron Ass.
 If you've got an Iron Ass, it just means you're very dedicated
 and you keep on sitting down until you've finished sitting.
 I don't know, until the work is done.
 I'm going to sit here with my Iron Ass.
 Oh, right.
 But it's also, if you're being stubborn deliberately.
 Because Iron Man, not the cartoon character,
 the actual thing that you do to become an Iron Man
 is the triathlon, all that sort of stuff.
 Oh, yeah.
 There's no bit where you just have to sit on a chair for hours.
 Oh, we've come to the Iron Ass segment of the Iron Man competition.
 Do you know Bussock used to mean a common strumpet?
 A common what?
 No, I didn't know that.
 A strumpet.
 What's a strumpet?
 It's like a crumpet.
 It's a sort of delicacy.
 It's nice.
 You should order one next time you'll have a café.
 You know a strumpet.
 It's like a bit somewhere between a prostitute
 and a quite flirtatious woman.
 What?
 There's a nimb between.
 It's a promiscuous lady from days of your largely.
 I thought it was still in common parlance, but apparently not.
 Has everyone else heard that?
 Wow, OK.
 Usually if you're at a dinner and you say it's anyone else heard that,
 one other person's like, yeah, 900 people is embarrassing.
 There's a good German insult, which is if you call someone an ash-geiger,
 that means a butt-viral in.
 Which is cool.
 And there's another one.
 They've got quite a few of these.
 And another one is an ash-mit-urren, which is, if you're an idiot,
 they call you an ash-mit-urren, which means you're just an ash-with-ears.
 This is strong insult.
 We're going to have to move on soon to our next fan.
 I've just got one more defamation/buttuck fact.
 Ah, yeah.
 Well, I've got a few more, but I'm going to say one.
 This is, do you guys know the company, The North Face,
 that makes clothing?
 Yeah.
 Well, there was a guy called Jimmy Winkelman Sr.,
 who decided that he was going to make his own company
 called The South Butt.
 Very funny.
 And they obviously said, you can't do this,
 because the logo was pretty similar to The North Face.
 They said, you can't do that.
 And he said, no, no, it's a parody.
 It's a parody.
 And in the end, they went to court, and they sued him.
 And he was forced to cease all promotion and sales
 of South Butt products and abandon his trademark immediately.
 And they also forced him to get rid of his other trademark, The Butt Face.
 Just there's one other weird defamation case, which has been in the news recently.
 And so you know, Rebel Wilson.
 Have you heard?
 OK, yeah.
 Now I'm talking your language.
 She just won the biggest payout in Australian history
 for a defamation suit.
 It was $4.6 million Australian dollars.
 And it was because she was accusing a media group of defamation
 for saying that she'd been well brought up.
 So really?
 She goes around saying that I'm such a bogeon.
 You know, and she talks about how she's such a bogeon.
 She really embraces it.
 And a bogeon is like a male trumpet, I guess.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And it's not.
 I'm an Aussie, it's not.
 You guys here, do you know what a bogeon is?
 It's like a-- it's so hard to explain what it is without being derogatory.
 It's an Australian term for someone who's a bit rough and ready.
 So she's always really embraced this.
 She's gone from a real working class background,
 real bogeon upbringing, and a media group called her Upper Middle Class.
 And she's managed to successfully sue them.
 She had to go to court with her family and prove that she was a bogeon.
 Wow, no way.
 Wow.
 Unbelievable.
 Amazing.
 They had to do things like talk about what the kids were called,
 what her siblings were called.
 So their names are rebel, liberty, and anarchy.
 And his anarchy-- anarchy.
 Anarchy spelled A-double-n-a-c-h-i.
 I don't think understandably the judge decided
 this was irrefutable evidence that she was, in fact, a bogeon.
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that, in 1995, astronaut Bill Gregory ate 48 meals in a row,
 which included shrimp cocktail.
 Was he in space at the time?
 He was.
 He's in space.
 So--
 In 1995, while in space.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So astronauts love shrimp cocktail.
 Yeah.
 They can't get enough of it.
 It's-- and it's hard to come by up there, obviously.
 What do you mean, sorry, is this part of the selection process?
 Yeah, it's one of the-- it's the final question.
 You go through all of your training for a few years,
 and then they just give you a plate of shrimp cocktail
 and say, what would you do with that?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, they do absolutely love it, don't they?
 So Chris Hadfield, who was in space just a couple of years ago,
 he said it was his favorite food.
 And Edward White, who was in space in 1965,
 said it was his favorite food.
 And pretty much everyone from that guy to that guy
 was just love this stuff.
 Really?
 So I mean, Gregory was having it for breakfast.
 He was having it with his breakfast.
 He'd have fruit yoghurt, some oatmeal,
 and then a shrimp cocktail for his breakfast.
 And Jim Riley, when he was on the end of it,
 he would take his Russian colleagues on mere bags
 of shrimp cocktail as a friendly offering between neighbors.
 Although I think he might have done that
 because the Americans aren't allowed alcohol on board,
 whereas the Russians are.
 And so often, they'll get some medicinal alcohol return
 from the Russians.
 Yeah.
 There was one astral called Story Musgrave,
 which is a brilliant name.
 He was on the space shuttle.
 And he sometimes with threatened other astronauts
 when they were making their menu choices.
 He'd say, you better put shrimp cocktail on your menu
 or you'll be sorry.
 Wow.
 Because he thought that if they didn't put it on their menu,
 they'd try and steal his because they
 would realize how delicious it was.
 It's because it stays spicy in space, basically.
 And it provides a lot more flavor than other food.
 Oh, and that's a thing, isn't it?
 Spice is a thing because the spice they're often
 clogged up in their nostrils and the spice rises and clears them.
 I didn't know the prawn cocktail, I'm going to call it,
 because I'm British.
 I didn't know that it was spicy.
 No, but they add spicy stuff in there.
 So they could just bring it up clumps of Tabasco.
 If it's-- they like it because--
 There is Tabasco in it, definitely.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Tomatoy.
 Tomatoy Tabasco-y.
 Trimpy goodness.
 The University of Suffolk have just
 done a study where they pulled a load of shrimp out of Britain's
 waterways and found that every single shrimp they looked at
 contained cocaine.
 Wow.
 Really?
 Wow.
 Every single.
 How would you have a good time as a shrimp?
 How are you doing up there, Bill?
 Yeah, I'm doing really well.
 The earth's really big.
 I was ready massive.
 Not as important as me, though.
 I feel like I'm in top of the whole situation up here.
 Desperately shoving shrimp up their nose.
 That's incredible.
 Do we-- why do they all have so much--
 It has been flushed into the rivers from human sewage
 because too many humans are taking illegal drugs.
 And we're on to you.
 Catamin as well.
 A lot of catamin.
 It's a horse tranquilizer.
 Yeah, is it a downer?
 Yeah, it's a bit of a downer when you're giving it a shrimp.
 You must have to take much less as a shrimp than you do
 as a horse.
 I mean, sorry.
 Just to clarify, a horse don't take it for fun.
 They don't.
 I don't think the shrimp are doing that either, too bad.
 That's right.
 Someone emailed me, actually, this week saying
 that New York's drinking water is full of crustaceans.
 Is this the thing that you guys are all familiar with?
 Isn't it?
 There seems to be a theme online, which
 is that New York has the best drinking water in the world.
 But it's also riddled with--
 yeah, someone agrees, kid.
 Riddled with tiny crustaceans.
 And I read that once, so that is a problem
 because it's technically not kosher, is that right?
 Oh.
 I think so, yeah.
 Which I think, if you're a really orthodox Jew,
 you have to get filtered water, I think.
 Oh, I felt like--
 A few people in this audience feeling so horrified.
 I have another New York shrimp fact, surprising.
 So there are some-- it's tangential.
 But there are some shrimp species, which are social,
 and they form little kingdoms.
 So there's a king and a queen shrimp in these shrimp societies.
 And these are really small shrimp.
 They're about the size of a grain of rice.
 There are many.
 But they live inside sea sponges.
 And if an intruder comes in and meets a single shrimp--
 shrimp is face-to-face with a big predator,
 the shrimp will snap its claws rhythmically to summon its friends.
 But like, is it West Side Story?
 Like, West Side Story.
 Wow.
 Jesus, it's the jets, the sharks, and the shrimp.
 They have got the cocaine trade stitched up, the shrimps.
 They're good clickers, actually.
 Prawns aren't they?
 So they do a strong line in making clicking noises
 with their claws.
 And there's the pistol shrimp, which does this.
 So it looks bizarre.
 It's got one incredibly fat swollen claw,
 and one really slender one.
 It looks kind of like Nadal.
 Do you remember when he had one huge left arm?
 Right.
 The Nadal of the shrimp world.
 And basically, it uses its giant claw
 to fire bubbles at its foes.
 It's like a machine gun fire, so it projects bubbles
 through the water.
 And they go so fast, and they reach unbelievable temperatures.
 So when their bubbles burst and smash into the face of a predator,
 then they reach 8,000 degrees Fahrenheit.
 They are hotter than the surface of the sun, which is mad.
 And they also have this bizarre thing with their pinters,
 where if they are attacked on the pincer,
 then they can shed it.
 So their pincer will drop off.
 So let's say they're attacked in their big pincer.
 It drops off, and that's OK, because it grows back.
 But if they lose the big fat pincer,
 it grows back as a thin one.
 And then the other one that used to be thin
 compensates and becomes big and fat.
 And occasionally, you get shrimps who have screwed this up somehow.
 And they've got two huge fat pincers.
 And that seems really cool, but it's really sad,
 because they're essentially like a knife and fork.
 So they have respective purposes.
 So the slender pincer is needed for sort of picking
 the meat out of their prey once they've killed it.
 So if they only have the big fat ones,
 they're just killing their prey left, right, and center.
 And then they can't actually--
 So it's like Nadal, if he could only play really hard shots,
 he could do any drop shots.
 Exactly.
 Brett's starting that analogy.
 I was looking at general crustaceans as well as this.
 There are some ancient crustaceans,
 which spent so much energy growing their genitals
 that they went extinct.
 Isn't--
 No, what?
 These are things called ostracods.
 They're small-- the chalk-shelled crustaceans, they're tiny.
 And they're very ancient as well.
 They go back hundreds of millions of years.
 And in fossils, you can tell the difference
 between male and female ones, because the males have more genitals,
 and they are a slightly larger shape
 to accommodate those said genitals.
 In fact, they're mostly--
 a third of the internal volume of the male is genitals.
 You've said genitals a lot in this sense of--
 I have a bit.
 Yeah.
 We'll get ready, James, because they're more to come.
 I wish that's the first time I heard that.
 It's all flooding back.
 I wish this wasn't the show that our respected partners were at.
 So the male ostracods with the bigger genitals
 of the species studied were likely to go extinct,
 because they had put so many resources of their life
 into growing their genitals that they couldn't really
 respond to change.
 It's like spending an enormous amount of money
 building a giant penis statue on your house.
 If you then have a run of bad luck, you'll go bankrupt,
 because you haven't got the necessary cash packing.
 This is not as good as the Nadal one, I know.
 I know, I know.
 What it's like is, if you play tennis and you grow your arm
 really, really big, you're right arm, you get really good.
 But then the rules change, and everyone has to play left-handed.
 It's like that, isn't it?
 That is better than...
 I've spent so much money on that statue.
 So just on then, they also had a huge sperm.
 This is the incredible thing about them.
 Their sperm were...
 I think their sperm were 10 times bigger than their bodies.
 - What? - Yeah.
 They had to sort of...
 Yeah, so once they developed a sperm,
 they'd only have one, I think.
 How does that work, though?
 - They're folded. - Oh, they're folded.
 It's not like coming out of his mouth, and I'm...
 Well, it does when it's delivered,
 so it's all coiled up like a hose pipe,
 but when it's delivered, I suppose,
 you'd be able to just go on and on,
 like one of those handkerchiefs coming out of a magician's pocket.
 Wow.
 What?
 How obsessive.
 How fun it sex be if that's what happened every time.
 How fun would children's parties be if that happened every time?
 So, there was one shrimp-like animal
 from the Cambrian period called Sino-Falos Xynos,
 and they had a groove on their face
 that could lock onto the tail of another one of their kind.
 And so, what they would do is they would keep locking themselves
 on like a load of Legos
 and just became a massive version of that animal.
 The human centipede.
 The...
 The shrimp conger, I think, is what you mean.
 That is a much nicer movie, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 I imagine, Dan, you in a human centipede,
 like, "Let's do a conger."
 (laughing)
 You always like to see the good in every situation, don't you?
 (laughing)
 Worst birthday party ever.
 (laughing)
 That's now the magician.
 (laughing)
 Okay, we're gonna have to move on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the loudest male birds
 on earth use their voices to yell at females
 who are sat right next to them.
 (laughing)
 And I don't think we can see any kind of parallels in our species.
 So, this is an article in the journal Current Biology
 by a couple of scientists called Jeffrey Podos
 and Mario Cohen Haft.
 And they have found this bird called the white bellbird.
 And it can shelter an average of 106,
 at 116 decibels from a distance of one meter.
 And the reason that they're really good at shouting
 is they have a really, really simple song.
 So, there's no trills, nothing like that, no flourishes.
 It's just one, it's like a fog horn.
 (laughing)
 And also, when they've cut them up,
 they've realized that they have,
 well, according to this article, it says,
 "Unlike most birds, the species has great habs."
 Whoa.
 And so, what he can do is just go to a female
 and just go right next to her and go,
 "I've got great habs!"
 (laughing)
 And she will find that very attractive.
 - Well, I think, 'cause this is how they,
 this is the ones that have been observed.
 And the scientists studying them, this guy, Dr. Podos,
 he said that they start by facing away from the female,
 and they start shouting when they're looking
 in the other direction.
 And then suddenly they just swing around
 and start shouting, and Podos said
 that we never saw copulation.
 We never saw what a really good male does.
 The ones we saw might have just been losers.
 - Oh, really?
 I didn't see that there.
 That's to make a lot more sense, isn't it?
 I suppose the idea, from what they're saying is,
 because they don't have all these trills and whistles
 and things like that, the females can't judge
 how good the song is on how technically good it is.
 All they can judge it on is how strong it is
 and how loud it is.
 - Right, right.
 - Let's say it.
 - Or how thoughtful and quiet it is.
 (laughing)
 And I think, isn't it the case that the reason they are able
 to be so loud is because they don't chew their food.
 So they... - That's right.
 Yeah, their beak's open, don't they, really wide?
 - Yeah, they've got massive mouths
 and they just eat whole fruit, swallow it down completely whole,
 and they're just sits there in their stomach for ages,
 which maybe is what that makes their absolute, so impressive.
 And then they just throw up the seeds when they're done.
 And because they've got these huge mouths
 and these strong digestive muscles,
 that's meant, had the side effect have been good at singing.
 - Wow. - That's very cool.
 They're a part of, so they're called the bellbird,
 I believe. - That's right, the white bellbird.
 - The white bellbird, so there's a few of those species
 dotted around, and there's one which is called
 the three-wattled bellbird, and they have a similar call
 as loud, so if you're a human listening to it,
 it's just under a mile away that you would hear
 this sound that comes out, and that's not the loudest.
 Your one's loudest, imagine being right next to it,
 but their sound, which is a three-part song that they do,
 for the mating call and for the, sort of, telling males
 that I'm in this territory, is called,
 and this is a very English word, but it's called the bonk.
 - Hmm. - And for a mating call,
 the bonk is, so an England bonk means to have the sex.
 And, yeah, I mean, fancy a bonk, you strumped it,
 is a common phrase in our culture.
 - Yeah. (audience applauding)
 - So, there are other birds called satin bowerbirds,
 and they actually are a bit more sensitive to the females
 than these, what was it, the billbirds.
 So they are capable of being very loud,
 but they realize that if they continue very loud,
 once they have an initial lead with a female,
 then they will startle and put off the females,
 so they deliberately tone it down.
 - Yeah, they give very intense behavioral displays,
 as it's called, and then the females crouch
 and say, "I'm not having a nice date anymore,"
 and the males then back off.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 - Do you say they're bowerbirds?
 - Yes.
 - So, the one thing I know about bowerbirds
 is some of the species they make, like,
 they make nests that are like little tunnels, right?
 And the, at the end of the tunnel,
 they'll put a load of, like, blue objects, for instance.
 It's always kind of the same column,
 and they'll put a load of objects there,
 and then they'll funnel the female into this tunnel
 and show her the amazing objects that they collected.
 - Yeah.
 - But what they like to do is they like to put
 the bigger objects at the back,
 and the smaller objects at the front,
 and that creates a force perspective.
 So, when they stand in the middle of their blue objects,
 they look way bigger.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, cool. - Isn't that cool?
 - What do they stand next to the big ones?
 - Yeah, or is it the other way around?
 I can't remember, right?
 - They understand perspective more than you do,
 it's what you're saying.
 (audience laughing)
 They did a study on zebra finches, I think last year, in 2018,
 and they found that they practiced singing in their sleep.
 So, they look at zebra finches,
 and they see that their vocal cords move
 in the exact same way that they move when they're awake,
 and their neurons are firing in the same way
 that they're firing when they're awake.
 So, they're literally singing the same tunes,
 and the only reason that you can't hear them
 is because they have their mouths shut,
 and they're not passing air over them.
 And so, if you were to get a sleeping zebra finch,
 open its mouth, and then blow into its face.
 - Well, you're gonna be arrested for that call.
 (audience laughing)
 - You do not get arrested for blowing it a zebra finch.
 - Well, if you don't, you bloody well should do that.
 - Anyway, if you do that, it will play the bird song.
 - Wow.
 - Isn't that incredible?
 - That's incredible.
 - Nice and amazing.
 Do you know there are some birds that French kiss?
 - Oh, no.
 - White fronted parrots French kiss.
 They will open their beaks,
 and they'll flick their tongues back and forth.
 It's quite romantic, actually.
 The male will then regurgitate his food
 into the female's mouth as a form of affection.
 - I was just looking into mating rituals generally
 within the animal world,
 and I found, so this is a bit of,
 it's not quite directly connected,
 but I found the story that happened in China,
 a male cat that had been put into a pet sort of hotel
 for the evening while his owners were away,
 and they told them the cat's not been neutered.
 And so, you know, keep them away from other cats.
 And they came back in the morning,
 and the cats, turned out, had all been let out,
 and the staff had gone home,
 and they saw on CCTV that this cat ended up sleeping
 with five different cats over the course of the evening.
 They didn't know this to begin with,
 but they worked out because the cat was so exhausted
 that it needed to be put on a glucose drip.
 (laughing)
 - This cat was absolutely knackered,
 and the owner asked to see the CCTV.
 He said, "Between the hours of 10, 40 PM
 "and 5 AM, my cat mated with five female cats,
 "and those are the only ones I could see on the CCTV footage.
 "Who knows what else?"
 And so they blamed him.
 They were like, "Well, you should have neutered your cat."
 He said, "I told them, and now all these cats
 "are gonna be pregnant.
 "No one, no owner wants their cats to be pregnant."
 And his quotes, my favorite quote,
 "My fucking cat is exhausted, and on a glucose drip,
 "and this is my fault."
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Chazinski.
 - My fact this week is that in the 1490s,
 the Italians called syphilis the French disease,
 the French called it the Italian disease,
 the Russians called it the Polish disease,
 the Polish called it the Turkish disease,
 the Turkish called it the Christian disease,
 and the Tahitians called it the British disease.
 Actually, they all should have been calling it
 the American disease.
 (laughing)
 It's just scientific fact, guys.
 (laughing)
 - I want to make clear at the start of this fact,
 I really don't think a nation should be blamed
 for being the origin of an illness.
 I make that clear from the start,
 but syphilis started here, and...
 (laughing)
 Well, this was a huge deal, so it was 1495,
 this syphilis outbreak suddenly happened in Europe,
 and they didn't know where this awful illness had come from,
 and there have been a lot of talks,
 it was just when Columbus had just popped over to America,
 and picked up some stuff and come back.
 And so there's been speculation that maybe one of the things
 that he brought back with him was syphilis,
 but they've recently done a study in 2011,
 they actually did a study,
 and they looked at all the bones of people
 who maybe died of syphilis from the pre-Columbus era,
 and they found that none of them actually had,
 they're all sort of masquerading in syphilis,
 but with something else.
 And syphilis did not arrive in Europe
 until that expedition to the Americas,
 but it devastated Europe.
 This is one of the reasons why everyone was blaming their neighbours,
 'cause it was ruinous and disgusting.
 There was a thing about the people who were living in Europe
 and were thought to have had syphilis pre-Columbus,
 so there were 16 bodies that were found,
 and I think there might have been monks in England,
 in Lindisfan, somewhere,
 but they all have had it, and they were older,
 so this was very good evidence for syphilis not being a Columban thing.
 However, this is the amazing thing.
 They lived in coastal regions
 where a load of their diet was seafood, okay?
 And if you eat a load of seafood,
 a lot of the water in the deep ocean contains old carbon,
 it's carbon, which is a lot older
 than the carbon we get from our food today.
 So, this thing called the marine reservoir effect
 means that if you eat a lot of seafood,
 that will have had deep old carbon in it,
 and the carbon in that is older.
 So, your skeleton will look hundreds of years older
 to experts in the future.
 So, these people died of syphilis,
 but they were older than we thought.
 No, younger than we thought.
 These people were a lot younger than we thought.
 Oh, really?
 We thought they were from 800-80, for example,
 but actually they were from way later than that.
 Isn't that bizarre?
 Yeah, you can make yourself seem older by eating seafood.
 Yeah.
 Oh, it's a good anti-aging tip, actually,
 for the afterlife.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Boyed fish.
 It wasn't just syphilis that we got from the Americas.
 We also got shaggers disease, which sounds like a synonym
 for syphilis, actually, but it isn't.
 And there were about 8,000 people a year die of that.
 Sorry, what do we know where that is?
 Yeah, it's like a parasitic infection that you get.
 People always at the door and had it.
 I think they've decided that he didn't know.
 Their pinter is another one, which is non-fatal.
 And as far as I can see, they're the three main things
 that we got from the Americas.
 In return, Americans got bubonic plague, chickenpox, cholera,
 diptheria, gonorrhea, influenza, leprosy, malaria,
 measles, mumps, rubella, scallop fever,
 smallpox, and tuberculosis.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So it doesn't feel like we should be blaming them that much.
 Oh, no.
 I like whoever it was who was cheering that list, though.
 From level of pride.
 I've got them all.
 I've got to catch them all.
 There we go.
 Do you think that was the Pokemon Go?
 Was there a foreseeable hunt?
 Pokemon Go immediately to a doctor.
 Do you know what, in the 15th, 16th centuries--
 16th onwards-- it was very contagious, obviously,
 and transmitted sexually.
 So it was seen as a big social problem.
 Hence, everyone's blaming everyone else.
 So if you were in a country that was not your own,
 you might be deported if you got the disease.
 And if you were wealthy, you might be put under house arrest.
 But for people who were not wealthy,
 it was still an enormous problem.
 And you could go to a hospital.
 They actually constructed some hospitals
 to help people with this disease.
 But the catch was, you would be publicly whipped
 before you went into hospital.
 And then again, after you came out--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 It's a good disincentive, though, if you're
 trying to keep the health budget down, I think.
 Telling people you'll beat them before and after they
 go into hospital, would stop some people from going, wouldn't it?
 I guess, yeah.
 I'm not advising it as a policy.
 I'm just thinking, elections coming up in both of our countries.
 It is definitely a thing, though, of blaming foreigners
 as net for illnesses.
 So for instance, US Senate candidate from New Hampshire,
 Scott Brown, said that undocumented immigrants
 were bringing Ebola into the US.
 Tontellis said that they should shut down
 the southern border completely to keep Ebola at bay.
 Fox News anchor Chris Wallace said that Ebola infected
 terrorists might launch a biological terror attack
 from Mexico.
 Basically, they thought that people with Ebola
 were going to come up from Mexico and spread it in the US.
 Now, Mexico has had no confirmed cases of Ebola
 in its entire history.
 And in fact, the closest country to Mexico
 with any confirmed Ebola cases is, of course,
 the United States of America.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's a bizarre disease called jumping Frenchman syndrome.
 Just a sense, in fact, is about sort of us blaming illnesses
 on the Gallic peoples.
 So jumping Frenchman syndrome was only
 recorded in one place, one time.
 And it was among the jumping Frenchmen of Maine in 1878.
 And there were 50 cases of it.
 And basically, it was these people
 who reacted really abnormally to sudden stimuli.
 So if you sort of shouted at them,
 they just jumped really high in the air.
 They either jumped really high, or they shouted,
 or they hit someone.
 And they also had this thing where they instinctively
 obeyed any instructions that you gave them.
 If you gave them immediate instructions,
 they did it straight away without thinking about it.
 So if you said, push your life off a cliff, they'd just do it.
 And no one knows what it is.
 They were all French, Canadian, or sort of on the border
 of Canada, lumberjacks in this remote region.
 And they think it might be just one of these remote illnesses
 confined to a very--
 like a genetic thing, I guess, if you live on a place.
 How long would the belief in the command last for?
 Because if you were a lumberjack and they said,
 push your life off a cliff, you'd have to grab her
 and run quite a long way to find your cliff.
 But you could say, punch that guy to two of the lumberjacks,
 and they would punch each other immediately.
 Wow.
 Yeah, it was dangerous.
 You shouldn't say that around them, in fact.
 Anyone from Northern Maine just don't risk it, in this case.
 So I found a disease, which one of us has I've discovered.
 And we won't be--
 This is like the best reality show ever.
 Andy, you've got syphilis.
 Well, if I have, James has.
 Huge gossip there to be discussed in the dressing room.
 Does the one of us know that we have it?
 No.
 No, really.
 Yeah, and I'm not sure, actually, if we do have it, but--
 Wow.
 --but I've got evidence that we might.
 So there's a thing called coprographia.
 There's a few other variations on that word.
 Oh, I know what you're going with that.
 Yeah, so the idea is that you find yourself involuntarily
 if you're just sitting down and let's say you have a pen and paper
 or you're near a window drawing a cock and balls on the thing.
 You just find yourself just doing it.
 You didn't know you were doing it.
 Now, the reason I think that one of us has it
 is because when we were recording the audiobook
 of the book of the year 2019, instead of reading from the book,
 they gave us iPads to read it from.
 And halfway through, Anna discovered,
 there's a little button that means you can draw on the iPads.
 And there was a bit in the book where she just
 didn't say anything for a tiny bit.
 And we stopped, and she went, sorry, guys,
 I don't know what happened.
 I was really distracted.
 Turned her iPads to us, and there was a massive cock and balls
 sitting--
 There wasn't one massive one.
 There were loads of small ones to be fair.
 That's a big difference, actually, that, dad.
 OK.
 It was like the shrimp conger.
 It's one big one made up of lots of little.
 Oh, OK.
 That's the thing.
 I was looking into-- so this fact is about how a disease
 got its name, and everyone said it was a fraction--
 or gave it a different name.
 So I was just-- I was curious about names of diseases
 and how they get them.
 And actually, quite recently, a Colorado-based scientist
 did a thing where she wanted to see if an AI machine
 could generate serious, sounding disease names.
 And she fed in 3,765 conditions, all the descriptions
 of them into this machine to see what they came up with.
 And some great names came out of it.
 So according to AI, people out there
 are suffering from penis arthritis.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Makes me feel a bit stiff in the morning though, aren't they?
 They were all amazing.
 Insect skulls was one cancer of the cancer.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And RIP syndrome.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's amazing.
 We need to wrap up, guys.
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 [APPLAUSE]
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 @AndryHunterM.
 James.
 Ah, James Harkin.
 And Shazinsky.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account at no such thing or our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from upcoming tour dates
 to all of our previous episodes to things like our new book,
 The Book of the Year 2019.
 Thank you so much, New York.
 That was awesome.
 We'll see you again.
 Good night.
 [APPLAUSE]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
