 Hey everyone, before we begin this week's episode of Fish, we just want to let you know something hugely exciting.
 One of us has our first debut novel out this week.
 That is correct. Which one could it be?
 Andrew Hunter Murray. It's Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Oh, it's that guy.
 It's that guy. He has written a debut thriller novel. It's called The Last Day.
 I've read it. It's unbelievably good.
 It's really great. So it's kind of this sci-fi dystopian future where the world has gradually stopped.
 Spinning. Half of it's plunged into darkness, half of it's bathed in light.
 It's impossible to live in any of those areas. But what about the middle sliver?
 It's sort of half light, half dark.
 That's where the novel takes place.
 It's wonderful, boldly imagined and beautifully written.
 The best future shock thriller for years.
 Those aren't my words. There's a Lee Child's words.
 Lee Child. And look, I know a lot of people respect Lee Child's view,
 but my view may be even more important to some.
 And genuinely, couldn't believe it, Andy, can actually write incredibly well.
 Absolutely. It's a stunning original thriller.
 It's set in a world of tomorrow that make you think about what's happening today.
 Not my words. Harlan Coben.
 Harlan Coben said that about Andy.
 You may be beginning to think that Dan has no words of his own.
 And even more exciting news is that you can actually buy this book.
 It's available to buy in what we call bookshops, all of them, or on the internet.
 And if you want to listen to it, there's an audiobook available.
 And it's narrated by Gemma Wheelan of Game of Thrones.
 If that's not a mark of quality, I don't know what it is.
 Go get it, buy it, read it, listen to it, do it now.
 That's right. The last day by Andrew Hunter Murray, a fabulous achievement.
 Not my words. Steven Fry.
 Oh, Jesus Christ.
 Okay.
 On with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Shriver.
 I am sitting here with James Hartkin, Anna Chazinski, and Andrew Hunter Murray.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here, we go.
 Starting with you, Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that after being stuck at an opera that went on
 twice as long as the scheduled running time, Emperor Joseph II of Austria banned on course.
 So yeah, this was 1786.
 It was the marriage of Figaro.
 Very good.
 No disrespect to that.
 I'm sure he emphasized, but it did go on twice the length it was supposed to,
 because almost every single scene was on-cord.
 That's so funny.
 It's rough.
 If you've got kids to get home to, it's difficult.
 Yep.
 So anyway, he went, the emperor went, and he thought that was fine,
 but he immediately afterwards set put up kind of bills in theaters saying that
 no piece of music should be on-cord henceforth.
 And to be clear, he said no piece of music for more than a single voice.
 So if you are singing your solitary little solo, you can maybe get away with it,
 but basically you couldn't do anything else.
 It's an amazing thing, the idea of an on-cord mid-show,
 or even at the beginning of the show and just carrying on.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I've never heard of that before.
 They just used to interrupt shows.
 I mean, this was how on-cords worked until apparently up to the 1930s.
 In theatre, it was common.
 Like, if you were watching a scene and you liked it,
 you'd just shout on-cord and continuity couldn't happen,
 because you'd have to do the scene again.
 Sometimes there'd be like a song that audience really liked sort of in scene two.
 And then an hour later, they decide to on-cord that song from scene two,
 and they'd be like, "Hey, play, hit me baby again."
 And you'd have to go back.
 What's hit me baby is that Britney Spears opera?
 Yeah, the Britney Spears opera, I think it was 1810.
 One more time!
 But there was a thing where you would sing an on-cord,
 which wasn't even part of the opera you were seeing.
 So some singers in the 19th and even 20th century would sing an on-cord,
 which is just a little musical bonus unrelated to the piece you'd just seen,
 or the opera you'd just seen.
 And they would do on-cord after on-cord that was not in the opera.
 So there was a Polish tenor, whose name was Jan Kiepura,
 and he made sure there was a piano in the wings,
 just in case he needed it for an on-cord.
 For an on-cord, but playing something else.
 Just for "Pitching" his other way.
 It'd be like you suddenly reading a chapter of your novel mid show right now for us.
 I don't do that, Ali.
 It was a dark and stormy night.
 Wow, okay.
 The last time I heard you do that accent was Old John the Pooh smuggler.
 He's a main character of the song.
 He's a Pooh smuggling ring, that's wide open.
 Oh, that's disgusting.
 Anyway.
 Any who onto opera?
 Yes, guys.
 Oh, Figaro was extremely popular, wasn't it?
 Yeah, it was. It was a huge deal.
 Well, I think it was popular eventually.
 Apparently the first performance, they didn't love.
 They didn't know what to make of it.
 So this was in Vienna when it was first performed.
 And apparently it was ruined by Heklers,
 so someone who is there wrote that it was destroyed by
 obstreparous louts in the uppermost story,
 exerting their hired lungs with all their might
 to deafen the singer's audience alike.
 Oh, wow.
 What sort of, is that from a rival composer?
 I assume so, yeah.
 What's it?
 And when it was played in Prague a bit later,
 it was really popular.
 So Mozart said here they talk about nothing but Figaro.
 Nothing is played, sung or whistled, but Figaro.
 No opera is drawing like Figaro.
 Nothing, but Figaro.
 All right, mate.
 Oh.
 Get over yourself.
 Yeah, I didn't even know it was a play before.
 Yeah. It was an opera, and it was written by a man
 called Bommache, who is seriously interesting.
 He's the best. He's incredible.
 Because it was quite an incendiary play.
 It had lots of stuff about the aristocracy being rubbish
 and layabouts and useless.
 And it was all pretty, this was soon before the French Revolution.
 So Louis XVI banned performances of the play,
 which the opera was based on.
 Yeah, he said, actually, he said,
 for this play not to be a danger,
 the Bastille would have to be torn down first.
 Oh.
 And then everyone went, oh, that's an idea.
 He actually referenced himself in a later play.
 So I think it was in Don Giovanni in Act II.
 Mozart, which Mozart also wrote,
 which also was an adaptation of the Bommache, Don Giovanni.
 Really?
 He played some tuffle music, which is like table music,
 and it's like background music,
 and I see my people are chatting away.
 And as part of the table music,
 he used a marriage of Figaro melody
 that he got the wind plays to play.
 So in his later opera was a cool back to his previous opera.
 Wow.
 It was so far up his own ass, by that point.
 I love, there's another character who's a part of this story,
 is Lorenzo Deponte, who was, he wrote the words to the opera.
 So all the trilogy of those plays were done as a collaboration.
 He was the Bernie Taupin to Mozart's Elton John.
 He was a big deal in his time, Lorenzo.
 He was the court poet to Joseph II.
 So that was great.
 But then Joseph II died and Mozart died.
 And he got banned from Austria.
 And he had to flee where he moved to America
 and opened a grocery store.
 He lived in New York.
 He lived in Pennsylvania, New Jersey.
 In those times, he had a grocery store, a bookstore,
 a traveling general store, a jinder stillery.
 So did he, he didn't bring the stores with him?
 He did, he opened up a new store and every new place.
 Yeah, every new place, yeah.
 And then the general traveling store, I don't know about that,
 because that was on wheels, I assume.
 So he might have brought that everywhere.
 Traveling store, yeah.
 And he opened the first opera house in New York,
 but it closed after two seasons.
 And it was the first opera house to play Italian opera.
 But unfortunately, yeah, it failed.
 But amazing character.
 Yeah, and he was actually really important
 with the marriage of Figaro, wasn't he?
 Because Mozart wanted it to be close to the original story,
 which, like Andy says, was really anti aristocracy.
 And it was about, was it about like someone
 who wants to share some guy's girlfriend?
 And he's the Lord.
 And he's like, well, I'm the Lord.
 So I'm allowed to share your girlfriend.
 And then the guy who's the girlfriend's boyfriend is like,
 oh, you're only there because you're rich, you idiot.
 And then all the people--
 Are you talking about these tenders?
 Yeah, because then the other guy goes, you slag!
 You slag?
 He's not worth it, Figaro.
 He's not worth it.
 But there was loads of quotes about why the aristocracy
 were bad in this original story.
 And it was Deponte who said, let's get rid of all those passages.
 Let's just stick with the comedy bit, with Barry and Janine.
 Let's just stick with those ones and get rid of the Mitchell's.
 Yeah, wow.
 It's about-- I read the plot of it today,
 because I've never heard the music except, obviously,
 I have when you press play on a Spotify list.
 It's like, oh, that most famous song ever, kind of thing.
 Is that what your Spotify lists are?
 They are now. It's that and Arianna Grande at the moment.
 Don't ask me why.
 It's Arias and Arianna.
 I know, pretty.
 Lovely.
 So I'd never heard it before, and I read the plot today.
 And it does read like a carry-on film.
 Like, it's total force.
 There's stuff of having to hide in the bedrooms.
 Very funny, just even by plot.
 I can't wait to see it.
 It becomes less funny on stage.
 I doubt it, please.
 Apparently, I read that the play was so popular,
 the original play that in France,
 women would have lines from the play
 and scribed on their fans.
 Oh, cool.
 Yeah, so that became, like, sort of merchandise,
 but bootleg and not official, not official merch.
 It's awful that when you said fans,
 I thought you were going to say something, yeah.
 God, I thought you was going to say Fanny's as well.
 Yeah, I was going to say,
 how on earth you would scribe words for a play on your Fanny?
 You need a mirror.
 The only person you can read it is Leonardo da Vinci.
 Do you guys know what the French for encore is?
 Concorde.
 Concorde.
 So it's not on court.
 It's not on court.
 Oh, it's not on court in the French accent.
 It's not on court in any accent.
 No, it's B.
 So on court is the French for, can I have some more?
 But actually the English language,
 nicked it from Italy's Angcora
 and changed it to on court,
 thinking that sounds nice in French.
 But the French say B as in a second time.
 Do it a second time.
 Like a second time, okay.
 Yeah.
 Not like a Buzzy family.
 No, like we've heard it once A.
 Let's hear it B.
 Oh, that would be good.
 It's interesting because so modern day on court
 you don't repeat the material.
 It's bits you haven't played.
 So I don't know.
 I once went to watch the band Junia Senior
 and they only had one song.
 It was called "Move Your Feet"
 that everyone had heard of
 and they played it four times.
 Did they?
 Wow.
 There are occasional times of that happens.
 In 1926, there was a musical called "Betsy"
 which is a Roger's and Hart musical.
 But there was a song that was added to it
 the last minute which was Irving Berlin song
 and it was "Blue Skies"
 and it was so popular that at the end of the night
 they requested the song again
 and the song by Bell Baker
 but they requested it in total 24 times.
 She did it on on court 24 times
 and on the final time that she was singing it
 she was so dazed from singing it she forgot the words.
 And while she forgot the words,
 suddenly a voice could be heard from the front row
 which was Irving Berlin
 who was filling in for the missing lyrics
 and singing the rest of the song for.
 No way.
 Quite a cool opening night.
 It must have been some people in the crowd
 who were saying after maybe the 20th time.
 Well, we've all had a really good time.
 Yeah, it's cool.
 That is hell.
 You've got to turn it down.
 You've got to learn to say no to an encore, I think,
 in that instance.
 There's just no way of voting.
 There's no, if a few people really want an encore
 then you might get one.
 It's hard.
 Well, there used to be a thing, in fact,
 where in the 19th century
 at these choral festivals that happened
 it was so irritating that, you know,
 you kept getting loads of oncours
 that the encore decision was reserved
 for a single person,
 like the bishop, or the male, or whoever.
 And they could decide what they wanted to hear again.
 Just because you talked about the bishop.
 Yeah.
 Do you know that just after the marriage of Figaro started,
 Beaumache got arrested and got sent to prison?
 And that was because there was a protest outside of the play
 which involved the Archbishop of Paris.
 And he apparently assaulted the Archbishop of Paris
 and got sent to prison for bashing the bishop.
 Shut up.
 That's where we get the phrase from.
 And was he assaulting him?
 But had he said, had he banned an encore or something?
 Well, the Archbishop was trying to stop people
 from going into the theatre
 because he was like, stop this filth kind of thing.
 So he was like, stopping anyone from going in
 and he was like, how can you stop these ladies
 from coming in? You shouldn't.
 And he kind of bashed him out of the way.
 And then he got arrested.
 It's freezing for a bruising.
 Dashing for a bashing.
 He was dashing for a bashing.
 Anyway, Andy's novel is available.
 Oh, goodbye, Scott.
 It's a dark star in the night.
 It's a combination of Dr. Seuss and the Pirates of Pensans.
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that humans
 have transported European earthworms
 to every continent on the planet except Antarctica.
 In a process, some worm experts are calling global warming.
 It's really good.
 Delivered that like as a Fox News headly, really?
 Well, this was an amazing article
 that I read in the Atlantic by Julia Rosen.
 And it's all about earthworms.
 And the fact that mainly if you go to North America,
 they had a big glacial ice sheet over there
 about 10,000 years ago.
 And it killed off all of the worms.
 And so you would think there'd be no worms there,
 but actually there are worms there.
 And that's because humans have brought them over.
 And this is actually bad news for the environment
 because worms are pretty good for the environment in some ways.
 But if you put them in a place where they're not supposed to be,
 then like all animals, that's not a good thing.
 I like the tone in which it's--
 Here's Tom with the weather.
 No, but it is surprising.
 Because I would have thought that I thought
 before researching this fact that worms were good
 pretty much wherever you had them.
 Because they--
 What are they doing in the UK?
 They make your soil better.
 Yeah.
 And they make channels in it.
 Some people say it's a bit of a myth, actually.
 And a worm is a symptom rather than a cause of good soil.
 So they go to good soil?
 Is the idea?
 That's an idea.
 Right, that's interesting.
 It's a controversial issue.
 I don't want to get into it right now.
 But that's what some people say.
 But basically where they shouldn't be,
 they are-- the soil in the boreal forest
 in the northern half of the planet.
 It's the largest carbon sink at the bottom.
 It has 200 billion metric tons of carbon
 in this boreal forest.
 And that's not just in the trees.
 I didn't realize that either.
 Loads of it is actually in the soil.
 But under a tree, you might get twice as much
 carbon in the soil as there is in the tree itself.
 Which I had no idea about.
 And so the worms, sometimes, they eat the top layer
 of the soil, basically.
 And they just make it thinner and thinner and thinner.
 And then all the carbon is actually being released at the air
 because the worms are eating it up and creating channels.
 Although there is another argument
 that when they're making their casts,
 which is when you're eating soil,
 you kind of give out some soil poo stuff
 that that actually keeps in loads more carbon.
 So really, actually, these days,
 no one has really looked into earthworms enough
 to know exactly what they're doing to the environment.
 I didn't realize they were such a hot bed of debate.
 Yeah.
 We don't see enough of this on earth to be.
 Yeah.
 Just wait till next week.
 Piersmog and they'll be whining all about earthworms.
 But they eat seeds.
 They eat seeds, which you'd think would be fine
 because it's just their diet.
 But in the bits of America,
 north of the Mason-Dixon line and east of the Great Plains,
 where they used to not exist,
 there used to be millipedes and mites everywhere.
 And that's just worms.
 Yeah.
 So they're hugely invasive.
 And so for sure, it's quite bad for them to be up there.
 Because like, for instance,
 you've got all this bits of leaves and stuff on the floor
 and all the millipedes live under there,
 nice and happy.
 And then suddenly the worms come along
 and they just eat all of the leaves and stuff like that.
 And there's nowhere for the millipedes to live and they all die.
 And someone said in this ass-close reading,
 I think it was in this Atlantic article
 that it's like going to the African-Sovanna,
 taking out all the animals and just replacing them all
 with elephants.
 And just tons of elephants everywhere.
 Yeah.
 And one of the problems seems to be that we know very little about them
 to some extent.
 So it was only in 2008 that we discovered the common earthworm,
 which was thought to be one species, it was actually five.
 Wow.
 So that one common earthworm is different from another
 as a human from an ape.
 And in the US, I like this quote.
 In the US, I was reading a one article, a quote,
 which said, "Shocking me little is known about
 any of our native earthworms.
 There is only one working earthworm taxonomist
 in all of America."
 So I looked into this because I wanted to find out who it was.
 That's an easy job, isn't it?
 Of all taxonomy, oh, taxonomy, I thought it was taxidermy.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Worm taxidermy is very easy.
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 You just cut off the end and go, just blow out the middle.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So I tried to find out about who the taxonomist is.
 And anyway, it came, of course, this 1995 book.
 And I was just so impressed at the level of research.
 So it was about worms.
 And it says, there's one trained professional worm
 taxonomist in America.
 And then it says, there is sort of a second,
 but she's only recently trained, so not good enough.
 And then says, OK, there's a third expert.
 He was trained by his mother.
 And he actually works in a post office.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then it was like, he said, "The fourth and last person
 in North America who has any knowledge of earthworm taxonomy
 works as a police lawyer in New Brunswick, Canada."
 Wow.
 This guy has actually been around every single person
 in America to find out if they know about earthworms.
 That's really impressive.
 So impressive.
 Yeah.
 You can get three meter long worms.
 That's long.
 Yeah, this is the Australian giant Jipsland earthworm.
 Up to three meters long.
 And apparently, they used to be very abundant in the 1800s.
 And if you plowed your fields, they'd
 be red with blood from all these worms that you'd plowed up.
 That's long.
 It's pretty messed up, yeah.
 They would hang from the plow's like spaghetti,
 someone described it as.
 Wow.
 And but they're quite cool.
 So you can hear them.
 They're so big and they're so vocal that when you're
 walking in the territory in the Jipsland area,
 in the territory where they live.
 Ow, ow, ow, ow, ow, you're walking on the--
 Ow.
 Is that what you say vocal, is that what you mean?
 That's sort of what I mean.
 But if you walk on the ground, you can hear them squelching
 and squirming underfoot because they're very fast.
 And so they squirm away.
 And so if you walk, you'll hear a gurgling squelching sound.
 It's like they're moving through their burrows, I think,
 because it's like the water draining in a bath.
 They move through the--
 yeah, their bodies are slimy against the walls of their burrow.
 Oh, wow.
 They're a foot long when they're born.
 When they're born?
 Yeah, they're really big.
 Are they born in eggs?
 So they're in like a cocoon type thing.
 I don't know if they're eggs or born live.
 But they do-- so they have no teeth.
 But they do have a gizzard.
 Well, you know they're like a chicken.
 Like a chicken, yeah.
 At least swallow little rocks.
 And they use those to grind up their food inside them.
 Do you know how you collect worms?
 Because there's a worm conservation effort going on now
 in the worms are good for the environment lobby.
 So I think you tap the ground and they think there's a bird there.
 No, they think there's rain there.
 And they come up thinking there's rain.
 And then you just plop them out.
 You do do a bit of that.
 And we have mentioned the worm tapping before.
 I was actually talking about the more brutal way,
 which is you just shove a spade in the ass, which
 is what people used to do.
 And they're doing much less now.
 But it turns out you're just cutting them in half all the time.
 And that does cause a bit of an issue.
 Because if you're trying to get rid of them,
 you're just doubling the population.
 Exactly.
 It gets out of control.
 No, so what they do to avoid using the shovel now
 is they take DNA swabs.
 Because it's all about counting the population
 of a certain species.
 And so you swab the mucus from their passages.
 So they make these tiny channels.
 And scientists who are looking into earth
 and populations will just swab a worm tunnel.
 And they scrape their saliva off it.
 And then they measure it in a test tube.
 When you said swapping their passages,
 I thought it was like inside the body passages.
 It's not a small swab, isn't it?
 So I was thinking, worm goes, I've got my GP check up again.
 Worms, be a test.
 There's only one stair up.
 And the doctor uses a cocktail stick.
 Yeah.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the most popular street in America
 is second street.
 The second most popular street is third street.
 And the third most popular street is first street.
 So--
 And who's on first?
 Yeah, so fourth is fourth, fifth is park,
 and sixth is fifth, just to bring you further down the list.
 Is there not Main Street here in any way?
 So there is.
 This is from 1993.
 This was the Census Bureau in America released this report.
 In recent years, I think it was in the 2013 sort of period.
 They released all new information about the general information
 about geography, topography, and so on.
 But they didn't do the same list that they've done before.
 And few people have gone through it completely
 and they've compiled lists.
 But none of them seemed to tally with the others.
 So Washington posted one where they said that park
 was the number one street.
 But then someone on Reddit called Darren Hawley.
 He did one that said Main Street was the top one.
 And so they think the reason first is not up there
 is because first and main were two versions of saying first,
 basically.
 So it knocked it down.
 It halved its chances.
 Also, the idea is that if you have a first street,
 which is your main street in your town,
 you might name it after George Washington,
 or Abraham Lincoln, or Donald Trump, or something like that.
 Yeah.
 Did you know that Ludford in Lincolnshire
 has a street named after Donald Trump?
 Well, I say it's named after Donald Trump.
 It's called Fanny Hands Lane.
 Oh, my God.
 Sorry.
 Cheap, cheap, and unfair.
 But actually, there's nothing rude about it.
 Nothing rude about Fanny Hands Lane.
 Yes, there is.
 The word Fanny.
 It has been claimed that it's affecting property prices
 that are having a street called Fanny Hands Lane.
 But the thing is, it was just named in the 19th century
 by a man named John Hans after his wife Fanny.
 No, there's nothing rude about it.
 Do you know in London, just down the road from here,
 there's a place called Knight Rider Street.
 Oh, no.
 Very cool.
 And do you know who it's named after?
 Hasselhoff, I would say.
 Well, the car.
 No, obviously not.
 No, it was because it was the route that Knight used to take
 from the Tower of London to Smithfield where
 Jowse were held.
 So Knight's would ride across that street.
 And they're talking carriages, wouldn't they?
 Yes.
 I was reading about Nicaragua's capital city of Managua.
 So I was trying to find out based on this fact
 about street names.
 I was trying to find out if there was anywhere
 where the streets have no name, like in the salt.
 Yeah.
 Because Bono wrote that while on a visit to Ethiopia
 and it's thought that it was about the poverty there
 and that it didn't have proper street naming system.
 So in Managua, in Nicaragua, it did have a modern grid system
 until 1972.
 And then there was an earthquake which destroyed lots
 of buildings and infrastructure.
 And basically, they've replaced the system
 with a really ramshackle one.
 So you might be directed to somewhere
 which is a block south of the Convent and half a block east
 of the College.
 And you just have to get there.
 And so taxi drivers there are amazingly good
 because they know all these places.
 And sometimes you'll ask for directions
 and you'll be told, oh yeah, go to the Blue House
 which is actually brown.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's because locals know that there is a house
 which is brown, but it used to be blue.
 Wow.
 That's so good.
 I know.
 So Kaby's there at like next level.
 Or you might be told to go down and that means go west
 because the sun goes down in the west.
 Oh, that's good.
 It's-- I don't know how any stuff gets delivered properly.
 Also very difficult if you've got one
 of those travelling shops who were talking about it.
 Yeah.
 But it does talk about this kind of thing.
 It makes you really respect America
 for having just gone down the line.
 Grid system, you know, this is the number of the street.
 This is the number of the avenue.
 It's very boring.
 It's very effective.
 And so that was come up with by Penn, after him, Pennsylvania
 named.
 Not from Penn and Teller.
 Just magic streets into existence.
 So William Penn, he came up with the grid system in 1682
 when he founded Philadelphia, which was only founded
 because basically the King of England, King Charles II,
 was massively in debt to him and had no money to pay him.
 So instead said, have this random tract of land
 in Philadelphia.
 And so he gave him this land.
 And so Penn, famous Quaker, said of this utopian,
 where he wanted to be a utopian society.
 But he really didn't want it to be called Pennsylvania.
 And also Pennsylvania is not named after him.
 It's named after his dad.
 Yeah, who happens to have the same name?
 He was very clear.
 I don't want to think I'm a cocky twat.
 He wanted to call it New Wales, because it reminded him
 so much of Wales, which was very fond.
 Anyway, so he really didn't want it to be called named after him.
 And now Pennsylvania forever bears his name, which is very sad.
 That's cool.
 And they're quite good at coming up
 with funny names in America, aren't they?
 Of the streets.
 I know they do have lots of firsts and seconds,
 but there's a few funny ones.
 Shall we mention them before?
 I did say once that the number 69 road marker's always
 gets stolen, don't we?
 Yes.
 Didn't we?
 And there's a stoner drive in Colesville and a blunt road.
 And they have had people stealing their road signs all the time.
 But they've come up with a way of stopping that.
 And that is they're making them without any vowels.
 So what used to say stoner drive now says,
 ST, blank N, blank R, drive.
 And what used to be blunt road is now BLNT road.
 Do they leave the space?
 They leave the space.
 This is the space.
 Oh, wow.
 Because that just looks like it was made by a stoner.
 Yes.
 It just couldn't be bothered finishing it.
 Unfortunately, they've all been stolen by fans of only connects.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that the game of Scrabble
 is partly thanks to Edgar Allan Poe.
 Oh, spooky.
 And that's why spooky with 20 O's is actually accepted in Scrabble, isn't it?
 So this is about the man who invented Scrabble.
 His name was Alfred Mosher buts.
 And he--
 He sounds like a good time, doesn't he?
 Yeah.
 He's a good time guy.
 Yeah, that's Mosher buts.
 He was an unemployed architect.
 He was a sack architect in Depression era America,
 so early '30s.
 And he was trying to work out how to come up with a ball game
 because he thought this could be worthwhile.
 He thought there aren't many wordy board games at the time,
 which there weren't.
 I think he was playing.
 Was he playing trivial pursuit or something?
 He was playing some game that he absolutely hated
 and there must be something better than this.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And he was inspired by Manopoli as well, I think.
 And so he-- but he was trying to work out how to come up
 with a word game because he thought this might be something.
 And he had read, as a child, the Edgar Allan Poe story,
 the Gold Bug, and there's a code in that, which
 has to be broken.
 And the way to break the code is that it's
 based on how frequently particular letters
 appear in the English language.
 So the one that appears most is E and so on.
 And so--
 [LAUGHTER]
 And you know the rest, yeah.
 And so he decided to make that the system by which letters
 would score more or less in scramble.
 And he studied newspaper front pages for ages.
 And you can see there are photos online of his tally charts
 where he's methodically counting each letter,
 how often it appears on the front page of the New York Times,
 say, very dedicated.
 Yeah, and that's what came up with the scoring system.
 That's cool.
 He didn't really like playing his game too much by the end
 because his wife always beat him, Mrs. Butts.
 She once scoured 234 for Quixotic against him, yeah.
 Apparently.
 This-- he sounds like a sore loser,
 because I'd assumed it was only because he was losing it
 trivial pursuit that he invented scrabble and twisted it.
 I've got to invent some game.
 OK, here's a game.
 Whoever has a stupid name wins.
 They've still a log comes funny hands off the fuck's sake.
 They've still got the scorecard.
 The nephew-- there was a journalist who fell madly in love
 with the history of Scrabble.
 And he'd track down the nephew who has no interest in playing it
 but has an obsession with collecting all the things
 that let's--
 Well, so I track down Mocha Butts as an nephew, right?
 And in his house-- so he has everything framed.
 But most of it is not up on the walls.
 It's still in the sort of brown packaging
 that the frame has handed it over in.
 And one of those is the scorecard.
 So Mrs. Butts kept the scorecard from her Quixotic score.
 I think you were.
 There were more problems in the marriage, weren't there?
 If you're framing your victories over your husband--
 Well, no, actually, James is right.
 If you'd scored Quixotic-- and supposedly,
 it was across two triple word scores.
 I mean, it sounds like an absolute--
 Sorry, checks out.
 Yeah.
 Set up.
 Do you know who is the best Scrabble players in the world,
 which country?
 America.
 Yes, I know.
 France?
 No.
 Well, I'm going to say from an old episode,
 I think it's a guy from New Zealand.
 Ah, yes, because he managed to win the French one,
 didn't he, despite not being able to speak French?
 Yes.
 But no, it is Nigeria.
 OK, and the Nigerian Scrabble Federation,
 because this year said that they really
 need to be given more money from the government,
 because according to them, it's the only spot
 that they're the world's best at in the world
 in this Scrabble.
 Oh.
 Can I just quickly-- because we spoke about Nigel Richards
 in episode 79.
 Long time ago, this is the guy who won the French Scrabble thing.
 I just wanted to check on an update on him,
 see how he's doing in his championships.
 He is still the winner of the French Scrabble Championships.
 He won 2017, 2018, and 2019.
 In their elite competitions.
 So he's still just owning it.
 Yeah, how-- really how many people are competing?
 It's a biggie, I think.
 Is it, though?
 It's Scrabble, isn't it?
 Let's face it.
 Do you know who our Scrabble champion is?
 No, look.
 He's a great guy.
 He's called Alan Simmons.
 And he is banned from playing Scrabble as of 2017,
 because he cheated by peaking at the letters
 who are picking out the bag and then putting that back in
 and swapping them for other letters.
 That is Scrabble Champion of the UK.
 Wow.
 But that's a thing.
 There's a rule where I think maybe--
 who knows if it's thanks to Simmons or not,
 but there's a rule where you have to take the letters out
 of the bag at eye height or higher.
 Really?
 He was done for holding the bag too low.
 That's great.
 And there's a thing called Brailing.
 Have you heard this?
 Oh, yeah.
 Brailing is feeling letters as you're holding them in the bag
 and trying to work out what they are.
 Yeah.
 That makes sense, right?
 Because a blank would just be a flat surface.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, that's true.
 But I mean, I'm not very-- I can imagine taking a long time
 to work out, oh, it's an E or whatever.
 Like, it's quite impressive that you get a--
 Yeah, it's not just blanks and non-blanks.
 OK, they're more sophisticated than that.
 I mean, you could say that, huh?
 It's no blank, yeah.
 I think if you're taking out three or four Scrabble tiles
 each time and you pick four, quickly feel them.
 And if there's no blank, you pick another four.
 That's going to over-long run.
 That's going to make a difference.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, your mind averages, yeah.
 But I do think that if you are fumbling around
 for what shapes the indentations and Scrabble tiles,
 you just need to reflect on your life.
 Just with your hand in the bag, you need to think,
 what the fuck am I doing?
 Winning.
 Winning.
 Winning.
 One thing that was a new exciting moment in Scrabble
 is that last year, OK, was added.
 And apparently, this was very controversial.
 Yeah.
 OK, you agree.
 I do, actually.
 Do you why?
 Because isn't one of the things about Scrabble
 that you're not allowed acronyms?
 OK, oh my god, Andy, I can't believe you're
 on this side of the argument.
 OK, has not been an elitonism for like a hundred years.
 What's it's down for?
 Oh, well, there we come, the commentary.
 But that's the theory that it stands for all correct.
 But all with ORL.
 And that's correct with OK.
 Yeah, that's correct.
 OK.
 It does stand for that.
 That is genuinely the first instance of OK,
 is the all correct thing.
 But there is another theory that it stands for Happy Birthday,
 but Happy is Spelt with a No.
 And Birthday is Spelt with a OK.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, two, you, yeah.
 But when I say OK, I am putting a full stop
 after the O, another one after the K,
 and therefore no one should be allowed to play in Scrabble.
 Do you know what you should start doing, then?
 You should start saying OWL, which was another thing
 that this magazine tried to get going at the time,
 when OK took off.
 So OWL was for all right.
 And so it thought that OWL was going to become a thing as well.
 Would you spell that?
 What letters are you putting in the start of OWL?
 It's OWL.
 It's all misspelled.
 It's part of the satire, guys.
 Comedy was different.
 I know it starts, but I'm going to start saying OWL,
 and I mean OK.
 People will constantly be asking me if I'm all right.
 Are you OK?
 OWL.
 All right.
 Yes, that's what it stands for.
 Crazy.
 Have you had a coffee housing?
 No.
 There's another practice in Scrabble.
 It's not a frowned upon practice in Scrabble.
 Can you guess what it is?
 Coffee housing.
 Is it when you shove the tiles up your ass?
 Like, we all do it a coffee house.
 But where's your connection to that?
 It's frowned upon.
 I was just thinking, you saw that you might do a Scrabble
 that's frowned upon.
 Yeah, but it's true.
 Is it, you can feel that on the tiles in the bag, aren't you?
 Yeah, you can.
 These have been in an ass.
 If I go to a coffee house, I give them my name
 and they spell it incorrectly every time.
 So is it putting down a word which is correctly spelled,
 incorrectly spelled and saying it's correct?
 That's a rip.
 That's actually so good.
 Better than what it is.
 That's a lovely explanation.
 Coffee housing is just distracting your opponents
 with chat about their day or anything else.
 Put any foot up your ass recently.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's quite good.
 That's a good idea.
 That's amazing.
 This podcast is all coffee housing.
 No Scrabble, isn't it?
 It's like a game of Scrabble where the coffee housing
 got out of hand.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's a blog which I really like called "Taiwiki with me."
 And the person who runs it is called "Minister to Stan."
 And they play a game of Scrabble, which I think is really good.
 They do a few different things.
 First of all, double bagging.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Brand upon.
 Well, you keep all your consonants in one bag
 and all your vowels in another bag.
 And so you can pick the ones that you want depending
 on what you've got on your rack.
 Oh, like countdown.
 Yeah.
 That's a good idea, right?
 And they have another one which is open booking, which
 means you're allowed to have the dictionary open and check
 things as you go along.
 And they also spin their racks around
 to ask the other person for help if you get stuck.
 And they play the game where the two people
 playing got a combined amount of 2,000 points.
 That's so good.
 I just think it's a more friendly game.
 It is.
 It's more coffee-housey.
 Yeah.
 That is good.
 I think I would play Scrabble more if I was allowed to do those things.
 Oh, no one let you play Scrabble with them anyway.
 It's cool, didn't they?
 I don't know what that means.
 It's not a cool sport.
 Yeah.
 It's not like it's different.
 I don't know if it's a Scrabble class.
 It's so cool, Alan.
 It's cool.
 That's really very nice.
 It's a playscrabble with me.
 That was my dream.
 Go learn to the Scrabble team.
 I have a few things on Po.
 Oh, let's go do it.
 Should we go Po?
 Ow.
 All right.
 Wow.
 This is going to get incredibly annoying very fast, isn't it?
 So the Gold Bug, which was the initial short story that was written,
 that inspired butts.
 So Po had-- basically what it was was that was a code that he'd worked out.
 And he, the same method, kind of looked through bunches of books and papers to see what
 a recurring letter was to give them this form.
 And he was quite a big code setter back in the day for the newspapers he worked for.
 He used to do a thing of setting out a challenge of saying to the readers, send me a code, anything
 cryptic, and I will solve it.
 And he would publish his findings.
 He'd publish the solutions in the next week's paper.
 Yeah.
 It's a lovely idea.
 And he used to set them as well and give them out to the readers.
 And he was shocked when even one person was able to crack them, because he thought he was
 so good at setting these codes aside of him.
 I had no idea about that.
 Yeah.
 He had the bit of the moat sets about him, didn't he?
 When he published a raven, it was basically an overnight success.
 Everyone thought it was amazing, turned him into a celebrity, and everyone said how brilliant
 it was.
 And he told a friend it was the greatest poem that was ever written.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 There were loads of weird parodies of the raven, though, which came up straight away.
 So as soon as he published the raven, he became super famous.
 It became super famous.
 But also published work, The Gazelle, The Whipple Wheel, The Turkey, The Polcat.
 And Lincoln actually, President Lincoln, read and enjoyed the Polcat, the pern, the Polcat
 before he read the raven, which was a piss take of the raven.
 There's a few people that believe that the raven was not originally going to be a raven,
 that it was going to be a parrot.
 Well, because it can talk.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It was a dark and stormy night.
 Yeah, Poe wrote a philosophy of composition, a piece, and in it, he said, arose the idea of
 a non-reasoning creature capable of speech and very naturally a parrot in the first instance
 suggested itself.
 And then he later on says, but then it's superseded with the raven along the lines, but we might've
 had, yeah, a parrot.
 It just definitely does another same kind of marketing, spooky vibe, does it?
 No, no, no.
 There's one theory.
 I think this might be true, actually, that the raven that he writes about was Charles Dickens'
 raven.
 Is that right?
 Oh, yeah.
 So Charles Dickens had a raven called Grip, the Knowing.
 And he was a character in Barnaby Rudge.
 And when Edgar Allan Poe reviewed Barnaby Rudge, he thought that this raven was an amazing
 part of it.
 And the theory is that the raven in his poem was from that, and that's why he changed it
 from a parrot.
 Wow.
 So he cast the raven from someone else's boi.
 Incredible.
 That's awesome.
 I love Winston Smith in 1984, I'm going to bring him into my book and use him.
 But it's not like that.
 It's the raven from Barnaby.
 What a weird review that must have been.
 Poe, did you read any of the rest of it?
 It's like reviewing Harry Potter and just talking about headwig the entire time.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah.
 I mean, his reviews were a bit weird, though, aren't they?
 He liked to slag people off quite a lot in his reviews.
 He reviewed a collection of poems by William W. Lord in 1845, saying, "The only remarkable
 things about Mr. Lord's compositions are their remarkable conceit, ignorance, impudence,
 platitudes, stupidity and bombast."
 Wow.
 But he only read the bit about the sparrow at the start.
 He had his struggles in life.
 He died aged 40 of drink, really, drink and poverty.
 He was incredibly broke.
 Well, his death was quite spooky in itself, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 He was found in the street, wasn't he, and clothes that didn't quite fit him, and he was
 taken to hospital, and he was raving with tough times for Poe.
 A lot of people thought when he was found, he was drunk, and maybe he'd been on a drinking
 binge.
 But then his family and friends said, "Well, it's pretty unlikely because he couldn't
 really drink.
 If you gave him one glass of wine, he'd go tantos, so it didn't seem likely that he'd
 been on some binge."
 Yeah.
 I think it's really even more controversial than that, really.
 So he was found in someone else's clothes, didn't even fit him.
 And people think he was cooped, which is there was an election on the day that he was found
 dead.
 And so some people think that he was cooped as in, this was a weird thing that was practiced
 where people who were campaigning for a certain politician would literally coop people up, would
 drug them, would force feed them, loads and loads of alcohol, and would drag them from one
 polling booth to the next, force them to vote, and then leave them abandoned, and they'd
 change their clothes as they went, so they looked like they were a different person.
 So his reputation as being an alcoholic and a bit of a disaster, walking disaster is mostly
 undeserved.
 It's this weird myth that came about as soon as he died, and it was spread by this guy
 called the Reverend Rufus Wilmot Grizzled, and it only happened because so he reviewed,
 so po-reviewed one of Grizzled's poems, very badly a few years earlier, and then po-sighted
 having an affair with this lady that Grizzled fancied, and then po-died.
 And for some reason that no one knows, Poe's aunt made Grizzled the executor of his will,
 and made him the executor of all his papers, and so he was in charge of his papers, and he
 forged a bunch of shit, and he wrote this biography of Poe, which slandered him, and basically
 he said he was this opium addicted, crazy drunken, poverty-stricken, he deserted the army, expelled
 from university, none of this stuff was true.
 He wrote his obituary as well, he had the line, "Will start or many, but few will be grieved
 by it, talking of his death." It's just a full-on guy.
 The Baltimore Ravens are an American football team, and their name comes after the Raven novel,
 because Poe lived in Baltimore.
 Departum?
 Oh god, it's a sharp poem, it's a long novel, I don't know what it is.
 A novel to James, well this is more than two pages, I mean novel.
 And so they get their name from the poem, the Raven, the Baltimore Ravens, because Poe lived
 in Baltimore, and in 2001 they won the Super Bowl, we just had the Super Bowl last night
 as we record this, and in 2001 the Baltimore Ravens won the Super Bowl, and they won it because
 they had a great defense, and ESPN said, "Quoth the Ravens, never score."
 Oh, nice.
 Very strong.
 Yeah.
 Well, it will be by the time I've edited it.
 Okay, that's it, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening, if you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the
 things we have said over the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 Andy?
 @AnduHunterM.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcast.ky.com.
 Yeah, but you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing or go to our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com.
 We've got everything up there from all of our previous episodes to behind the scenes
 documentaries, and why not also go to your local bookshop, or an online bookshop
 retailer, and get Andy's new novel.
 It's fantastic.
 Maybe try the audiobook as well, if you like Irish pirate noise coming at you.
 Okay, that's it.
 We'll see you again.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
