 (upbeat music)
 - Hi everybody, just before we start this week's show,
 we know that Christmas is on the way
 and if you are hoping to do any Christmas shopping
 for the fish fan in your life,
 then we have some last minute recommendations
 that will save your bacon and save Christmas.
 - Yes, my first bacon saving recommendation
 is that you buy two books immediately
 by the sanctuary by some random
 called Andrew Hunter Murray.
 - Yes, me. - That's this guy.
 Look, it goes against all my principles
 to say this, I don't even necessarily like the guy,
 but it really is a brilliant book.
 It's got amazing reviews.
 It's gripping, it's about this remote island
 owned by a mysterious billionaire.
 It's very twisty, turny, thriller.
 It's fantastic and once you've done that,
 go and buy The Theory of Everything Else
 by a certain Dan Schreiber, very different kind of book.
 It's like getting inside Dan Schreiber's head,
 but in a really fun way.
 It's not as chaotic as you'd imagine.
 It's full of the amazing theories
 that geniuses have come up with
 that you definitely won't have heard of.
 It's a fascinating fact in every paragraph basically.
 So get those.
 - Absolutely, and alternatively,
 you can get Christmas goodies
 from no such thing as a fish.com.
 We have just launched two new t-shirts
 along with lovely pin badges.
 You can identify other fish listeners in the wild
 slash public by getting yourself one of these two things.
 There's also a lovely tour book
 from the recent tour we've just finished
 which is a complete history and demonology
 and future guide to fish and all its iterations.
 They're all so much fun
 and you can get them at nosuchthingasafish.com.
 - Yep, that's right.
 And now we will see this vlogging presence to you
 and say on with the show.
 - On with the podcast.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with James Harkin,
 Anna Tyshinski and Andrew Hunter Murray.
 And once again,
 we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that many of the Muppets
 were designed and created by someone called Kermit Love
 who had absolutely nothing to do with Kermit the Frog.
 - When you say had nothing to do with Kermit the Frog,
 that's literal.
 It's not figuratively,
 I will have nothing to do with Kermit the Frog.
 - Had huge beef from the start.
 Yeah, yeah, big falling out.
 - I think huge beef was Mr. Snuffle Upchut, you see.
 (laughing)
 - No, he just, he wasn't involved in the making of him.
 So Kermit Love was a designer and builder of Muppets.
 He was most famous probably for doing Big Bird.
 Was his big hit.
 But, you know, lots of the other ones.
 Snuffle Upchut, I think.
 Oscar the Grouch, the Cookie Monster.
 But Kermit was created about 10 years
 before he even thought about joining the Muppets.
 And they're just both called Kermit,
 which I think must have been a more common name.
 - It was, Mark. - And it was.
 - Yeah, definitely.
 - 'Cause there was one of the presidents
 had a son called Kermit, didn't he?
 - Yeah, Kermit Rose.
 - Three years old, I think, so.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - I don't think he designed Big Bird.
 I think he helped to create the design.
 So there was a sort of drawing and he was,
 they couldn't make it work.
 And there are just so many design flaws in it.
 So they needed Kermit to come in.
 - Co-designed.
 - Co-designed.
 - Oh, what do you think?
 - It was manufactured, I guess, isn't it?
 - Basically, Jim Henson would draw what he wanted, I guess.
 And then he'd give it to people like Kermit Love,
 who was the main person on Big Bird,
 and say, "Can you make this?"
 And then he'd try and make it as close as possible,
 I suppose.
 - One thing about Kermit Love was that he had
 all this amazing experience of puppets
 and costumes before he joined the Muppet Show, obviously.
 So one of the things he'd worked on
 was spangling the girls at the Paris Lido.
 So, ballet.
 - That's a euphemism, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 Where were you last night?
 Were you spangling the girls at the Paris Lido?
 (laughing)
 - Lido as well.
 It's such a weird word in English, but.
 - What about the Lido?
 - It's quite a common word.
 - Yeah, Lido's a very common word.
 - I don't think that it was an open-air swimming pool.
 - No, that was the confusion.
 (laughing)
 - So, all--
 - So he's not spangling girls who are paying
 five pounds for a swim?
 - No, no, no, exactly.
 No, he was working with ballet dancers a lot of the time.
 So he worked for the New York City Ballet,
 and he specialised there on turning humans
 into half puppets.
 - Oh, did he?
 - That was a big part of his--
 - And of course, that's what Big Bird is, right?
 - Right, yeah.
 - It's half human, half puppet,
 unlike the other Muppets
 that are kind of actual, classic puppets.
 - Exactly.
 Well, Big What 'cause there's a human inside, do you mean?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Wow. - Yeah, sorry.
 (laughing)
 - No, you're right, sorry.
 - I think when the character dies one day, Big Bird,
 they should do a live autopsy,
 and all the Muppets freak out
 when they find a human inside.
 (laughing)
 - The design that Henson sent
 apparently didn't have feathers.
 Kermit Love added those.
 But that's weird, isn't it?
 To have a bird without any feathers.
 - Yeah, don't try to think of any actual birds
 without feathers.
 - I don't think there are any.
 - A pterodactyl, I suppose, is the early, you know.
 - A pterodactyl isn't a bird.
 Dinosaurs are birds, and yet pterodactyls aren't.
 - That's a weird thing.
 - I guess think of Cookie Monster, right?
 Like, I know he's not feathered,
 but the material could look,
 I could imagine a Big Bird
 with that kind of felt material, or whatever it is.
 - What I wondered is,
 the one birds that don't have feathers
 is really, really young, pre-fledgedlings,
 like little chicks, right?
 So maybe he's a really baby, that Big Bird,
 and he will grow up into something even bigger.
 - Yeah, that's good.
 - Does he seem quite immature?
 'Cause I've never actually seen--
 - He's actually six years old, isn't he?
 - Six years old, I love that.
 But there's an amazing detail that Kermit Love
 went overseas to China for a filming,
 and they took Big Bird and Big Bird,
 like the costume, 'cause they were doing that,
 but Big Bird was given a seat on the plane,
 and because he's six years old,
 the Chinese airline charged him half price.
 - Fair enough, yeah.
 - Well, no, what's fascinating about that is,
 I can't believe that you used to get
 half price tickets for children,
 because I don't pay so much money.
 Any time one of my million kids turns two years old.
 - Why don't you put the child in a Big Bird costume?
 - Fly them to China and make it a big publicity thing,
 which is why they actually did this.
 - Exactly, yeah, you need more publicity,
 that's what we're doing.
 Big Bird is in a way the opposite of Tinky Winky.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Okay, can you work out why?
 - Well, Tinky Winky, giant purple deli-tubby,
 famously gay, carries a handbag.
 - TV on his stomach.
 - Thank you.
 - TV on his stomach.
 - You did all the legwork, James,
 and Anna just came in, came in at the end.
 - I think I know deli-tubby's too well,
 because they all have TVs on their stomachs,
 and I was going about what differentiates him
 from the other TV's.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'm really sorry.
 I should have said the opposite of a deli-tubby,
 but it's the, where Tinky Winky has a TV
 on the outside of his stomach,
 Big Bird has a TV on the inside of his stomach.
 - Really?
 - For the puppeteer to see what he's doing.
 - Wow.
 - Oh, that makes sense.
 - He just needs, basically, and it's below,
 it's a small TV monitor,
 and he just has to look down at what is going on
 on the monitor to see what's going on outside.
 - 'Cause I read that as well,
 but what I read didn't go into any more details.
 It said so he could see the set,
 and I couldn't work out whether the TV would be,
 give you a projection from Big Bird's eyes,
 in which case, have to have cameras in his eyes.
 - Yeah.
 - Or you're seeing the actual set,
 as in you're seeing yourself from, like, the third person.
 - Good call.
 - And that must be difficult, right?
 - Yeah.
 - To know where to walk if you're seeing yourself on TV.
 - Yeah, you'd have to invert left and right, wouldn't you?
 - Yeah, that's probably the least of your problems.
 I don't know, really.
 - It's like being a ghost when you leave your own body
 after you die, and then you look back at it.
 - Oh, yes.
 - It's not like you have to control your body then,
 so you don't have the difficulty.
 - That's why ghosts always walk through walls,
 'cause they don't know which way they're going,
 and they're like, "Oh, shit, I just walked through a wall."
 - Just very quickly back to Kermit Love.
 So one of the innovations that he brought
 to the design of Big Bird was malting.
 So he allowed for the feathers to drop off Big Bird,
 so it looked like, I don't know,
 like they were real feathers that could fall off,
 which was really, really nice.
 - Absolutely look real.
 - And he used 6,000 dyed feathers
 from a domestic white turkey, not a single one,
 in order to make the suit.
 - Oh, the suit's made of actual turkey feathers.
 - I think in the initial period,
 it's probably very different now.
 - Kermit Love, he usually spoke with a fake English accent,
 sometimes with a fake French accent.
 - I do the fake English accent thing.
 I'm like, "Yeah, you're actually, where are you from?"
 - I'm from Guatemala.
 (laughing)
 - And how do they speak, normally?
 - I can't, well, I'm not going to give up the accent now.
 - You can't break character.
 (laughing)
 - He made Big Bird with a guy called Christopher Lyle,
 who he was in a relationship with for over 50 years.
 So I think from before he,
 they started making Big Bird together, right?
 Until Kermit died in 2008.
 - Yeah, Christopher Lyle was in the pilot for the Muppet Show.
 - Yeah, so like right at the very, very start.
 - I looked at his IMDb because I thought,
 "Oh, what a cool guy, he seems like Christopher Lyle."
 And it led me to a fact that I didn't know,
 which is there were two pilots for the Muppet Show.
 So one, very kid-friendly.
 The second pilot was called the Muppet Show,
 Sex and Violence.
 (laughing)
 I was the second ever Muppet Pilot.
 - And did you see what it was about?
 - I couldn't find too much information on it, actually.
 - Well, it was a parody of the fact
 that there was starting to get lots of sex and violence
 on television, so people were complaining.
 And so they were parodying lots of different things
 that were happening on TV at the time.
 - Okay, right.
 - So it's not fully, it's not-
 - It wasn't, there wasn't, yeah.
 - Still on an sexy title.
 - Still sounds like it's not for six-year-olds.
 - Big Bird wasn't banging Mr. Snumpluffers.
 - Yeah, exactly, that's what I'd expect.
 - I thought it was just like, yeah.
 The other thing is how physically injurious it is
 to be a Muppeteer, one of the men.
 Yeah, yeah, and this is partly because of something.
 Oh, oh, I've got another quiz link.
 - Why did you just interrupt yourself then?
 - It's gonna be very hard to edit around that.
 - You're absolutely right.
 - What's the quiz link?
 - What you need to know, so what we-
 - I feel like we missed a lot of steps in your head.
 - And you need to calm down.
 - No, I'm so excited to be talking about Muppets.
 I love the Muppets so much.
 - Do you?
 - There's one link between Muppets
 and something that we covered recently,
 which is Disneyland, when Jamie was on,
 we mentioned Disneyland, right?
 And there's a link between Disneyland
 and the world of the Muppets.
 - And the world of the Muppets, okay.
 - I prefer that you don't mention shows
 when I wasn't there.
 - Oh, is it something about the acknowledgement
 of characters in real life?
 You have to talk to them as if they're real?
 - No, that's not it.
 - I think you said, you started off that sentence
 before you had the stroke,
 and you were talking about the puppeteers.
 - Yes.
 - So it's something to do with the puppeteers.
 - Something to do with the puppeteers, yeah.
 - Oh, okay.
 Oh, they have a secret tunnels.
 - I'm gonna say that's it.
 Muppet filming land is actually on the first floor.
 It's about eight feet above the ground
 so that the Muppeteers can stand upright.
 But the problem is, some of the Muppeteers are quite short,
 so then they need to wear platform shoes
 to get them up to the level that they've been also up to.
 And this brings me back to the point
 about Muppeteers also being physically injured.
 So the guy who plays Gonzo the Great,
 he's still going actually.
 He's had to have four shoulder operations
 just due to holding up your hand all the time
 and doing a hip replacement.
 And, you know, you're crimped.
 - The sacrifice people make is heroic.
 Guys, when you're operating a Muppet mouth,
 imagine you're doing that with your arm up it.
 Show me what you do.
 I know you can't see this at home,
 but you've all got it wrong.
 - You're choking.
 - Whatever you are doing at home,
 we reckon that's probably wrong as well.
 - I think it's unlikely you've got it right.
 - I'm doing a mouth with my hand, we all are.
 - But the key is, is that how mouth move, guys?
 What bit of your mouth do you move when you're talking?
 - Your lips.
 - Which lip?
 - Is it the bottom?
 - Is it you're moving your jaw?
 - So you say you move only the bottom?
 - You move only your thumb.
 This is what one of the operators said,
 I was watching an interview with him,
 he said, you've got to keep your top of your hand still
 and you move only your thumb.
 - That shit could have sweared.
 Hello, I'm a buyer.
 - Yeah, that does not work.
 - It's Pac-Man.
 That's how Pac-Man moves, right?
 - Does Pac-Man have, yes, he uses the two.
 - Because Pac-Man's going,
 (mimics Pac-Man)
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - We've got an aerial view,
 most likely of Pac-Man's eyes.
 - Well, why is he sideways?
 - Yeah, it doesn't make any sense.
 - We're about to play this thing wider.
 - Is he grinding along the floor?
 - If we've got an aerial view,
 he's just on the floor sideways, isn't he?
 - Yeah, but he's a disembodied head, right?
 Like, he's not human.
 - So why sideways? We shouldn't be able to see anything
 of his mouth movement from above.
 - He should just be a circle.
 - Yeah.
 - No, unless he's from a species with a side with his mouth.
 What are you talking about?
 - Oh, you think he has a mouth on the side of his head?
 - Possibly, he's an alien.
 - He's an alien?
 - He's not an alien.
 - Well, he's not a human.
 - A man implies human.
 - Wait, no, sorry.
 In later illustrations, he has legs, shoes, arms and gloves.
 So, yeah.
 - Like the M&M's, like the Cartoon M&M's.
 - Just like that.
 - Also wearing gloves.
 - Same universe?
 - Clearly they're related.
 - Am I thinking of the yellow M&M?
 - Oh, bloody hell, Dan.
 - You are, aren't you?
 - It might be.
 - No, I'm pretty sure Pac-Man has legs.
 - They do cartoons, as well, of Pac-Man.
 - Yeah.
 - In the '90s.
 - I didn't know that.
 - Is it because, do they have to have the gloves?
 Because it's weird seeing his hands.
 Like, the gloves are kind of effectively, it's sort of...
 - Well, the same as Mickey Mouse, right?
 - Yeah.
 - Why do you have gloves?
 - Why are all these...
 - He's always at a prime scene.
 (all laughing)
 - He's a snooker referee in his spare time.
 Mickey Mouse is the lead.
 - Oh, boy! What a shot!
 - That's not what referees do.
 (all laughing)
 - That's why I just...
 They're not hype men.
 Come on, you man!
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that the German army has just had to tear out
 some of the size labels from their new uniforms
 because they read small, short, or SS.
 - Ooh.
 - Yeah.
 - Oh.
 - Oversight.
 (all laughing)
 - A lot of small, short people in the German army.
 - Well, not that many, but one is too many
 to have the SS label in their clothes.
 - I agree.
 - So, yeah, most of them were small, medium, large,
 and extra large, and that's fine.
 But the SS stands for the Schuttstaffel,
 who are the Nazi paramilitary organization
 who largely ran the Holocaust.
 And it is literally illegal to display their symbols
 in Germany.
 So the German defense ministry had ordered the soldiers
 to tear out the SS lettering.
 I mean, they weren't on display either.
 It was literally just a size label in some--
 - Unless you're wearing it inside out,
 which often, if you get up in the dark,
 put your clothes on, that's suddenly on display.
 - I think that's an offence on the parade ground, though,
 to have your uniform inside out.
 I don't know much about military discipline,
 but I imagine--
 - I imagine they say, get down and give me 10
 if you do that.
 Yeah, pretty sure.
 - They said if you cut it out, that's one thing.
 But if it's got important information on it,
 what you should do is cut around the SS,
 so just lose the actual--
 - They didn't say that.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - So it's still the shape of an S and an S.
 (all laughing)
 - Not important information is going to be on an S.
 - The washing instructions.
 - The washing, yeah.
 - You know, what if you accidentally put it in at 60?
 - No one's ever read those on any item of clothing.
 - Oh, excuse me, I'm not strong this way.
 (all laughing)
 It's my regular reading.
 Regular reading.
 You're getting a shirt.
 Oh, I can't wait to read this.
 - Can I ask, what is the German for small shorts?
 Presumably it's SS in German.
 - Well, that would be KK, which is Clyde, Clyde.
 - So how come--
 - Is it English?
 - I think the supplier would have been
 English language and that's why it was a problem.
 - KK is still, what isn't it?
 'Cause you do feel, you sense that lingering third K.
 - If you're a really, really small soldier
 (all laughing)
 and you're a KKK, that is a problem.
 - I didn't realize that though
 about the SS being a combination of words
 that is banned in certain places.
 Like one of the things which was in the article
 that you sent around Andy was that SS on number plates
 is not allowed in most spots in Germany.
 - Is that right?
 - Yes, you can't have SS, you can't have KZ
 because that references concentration camps.
 You can't have HJ because that's the Hitler youth,
 you can't have--
 - I'm sorry.
 - Yeah, because there are German words.
 Yeah, it doesn't sound like it makes sense,
 but--
 - HJ is also a rude thing.
 - I like hand jobby sinking.
 - Oh!
 - What's handjob in German though?
 - Actually testing my GCSE German now.
 (all laughing)
 It actually didn't come up either in the--
 - Not in the aural.
 (all laughing)
 - I found some German military uniforms
 which are literally made of cardboard,
 which is an interesting thing.
 And it's not in Germany.
 It's in Namibia, which was a German colony
 until after the First World War.
 And there is a group of people living there,
 the Herrero tribe.
 And I think though, like a lot of colonized people
 is treated pretty badly.
 - Genocide, I believe.
 - Right.
 - Yeah, all the way, all the way to genocide.
 - One of the worst ways to be treated.
 - Yes, well the Herrero people now
 wear a lot of Edwardian European,
 specifically German clothing for traditional rituals
 and for special days and things like that.
 So if you go to a Herrero funeral,
 the women will be wearing Edwardian dresses
 that were popular in Germany in 1910.
 And the men will be wearing uniforms
 that are some of them made of cardboard
 because they've been replicated to be exactly like
 the fashions of that time.
 - And it's really similar to the Bolivian Cholitas
 that we talked about a few weeks ago.
 And also it was the women who adopted this first
 by some way, I think they adopted
 the European style of dress,
 but then much like the Cholitas,
 they made it much more full of bright colors
 like the clothes that they wore.
 So yeah, and they've got these beautiful hybrid
 Edwardian dresses with these colorful colors on them.
 - That's awesome.
 - You know, Germany gave Namibia $1.35 billion
 in a couple of years ago, I think it was.
 I just thought that was very interesting
 when people talk about compensating.
 In compensation, they said this was a genocide
 and his $1.5 billion to develop.
 So 1.3 times.
 - I wonder what you get in the Herrero embassy
 whenever you go there.
 (all laughing)
 - Wait, I don't get it.
 - So what do you get for a year at an embassy party?
 There's someone going around with a tray.
 - I get it, I get it, I get it.
 Yeah, yeah, it's a quality stream.
 (all laughing)
 - Have we mentioned this about French military uniforms
 and Napoleon and the baguette?
 - Yeah, yeah, supposedly the baguette was invented
 so you could hide it in your trousers.
 - Oh, that's right.
 Yeah, we have talked about that.
 - Hopefully, okay.
 - Sort of like hidden down the inside.
 - But it would just fit in the trouser pockets
 of the army uniform.
 I just couldn't remember if we'd--
 - Can I just say, well, we're talking about Napoleon
 and we might not keep all this in anyway
 'cause we have mentioned it before.
 But this morning, I was reading a book about cannibalism
 and there was a nursery rhyme in it.
 And apparently it was a genuine nursery rhyme.
 Baby, baby, naughty baby.
 Hush you, squalling thing, I say.
 Peace this moment.
 Peace, or maybe, Bonaparte will pass this way.
 And he'll beat you, beat you, beat you.
 And he'll beat you all to pop.
 And he'll eat you, eat you, eat you.
 Every morsel, snap, snap, snap.
 - Not sure about this bedtime story
 when you're waiting for your daughter.
 - And I will be appearing on CBVs tomorrow evening
 for the bedtime story.
 - So yeah, they made the uniform
 so you could put a baguette in your pocket
 and then you could always do the joke.
 Is that a gun in your pocket or is it?
 - Or is that a hungry?
 - It's a sandwich, yeah.
 - Have you read about how modern military uniforms
 in America are progressing at the moment?
 It's, they're turning them basically into computers,
 which means that anything that happens on your outfit
 can be reported back to base.
 So if you're shot, your suit will know with a spot
 because it can sense a change.
 - Other computers good enough that they can,
 if the soldier's been shot,
 can the computer make the soldier keep running, basically?
 - Not yet, see that's like a Robocop.
 We haven't got to Robocop yet,
 but it can tell GPS, it can tell literally the liquid level
 of how much heat you're exerting
 and if you're in trouble or whatever.
 It's just got all the information,
 all the data is now being collected.
 - Yeah, yeah, nice.
 - I don't know if they can send it right back overseas, I think.
 - I think if you can send it over the internet
 from one place to another,
 it could probably go all the way around the world.
 - That's not on the internet, right James?
 - It's on this guy.
 - If he wants attached to the Pentagon,
 it's like a massive cable, it's like a dolly.
 - Pull them out, pull them out,
 'cause someone literally pulls them all out.
 - I don't know how reassuring it is
 if someone says to you, "Here's your suit,"
 and the good thing is,
 when you get shot multiple times in the chest,
 we'll have a computer back home
 that knows exactly where you've been shot.
 - 'Cause there's a thing called the golden hour
 after a soldier's been injured,
 which is the time to really,
 whereas you're most likely to save their life.
 And there's also a thing,
 I think, called something like the platinum five minutes,
 which is even more,
 you can do absolutely the most to save their life.
 And then there's the diamond five seconds,
 where you just put your arm and pull the bullet out,
 and it's like, nothing happened.
 - So why do you think the SAS had so many condoms
 in the first Gulf War?
 - Okay.
 - Is it to do with burns?
 Only 'cause we were once told to bring condoms
 to stop burning, but Dan's got it.
 - It's water, it's water, yep.
 They took loads of condoms
 'cause they can hold about a liter of water each.
 And if you're on the run, it's very useful.
 If you pass a stream,
 quickly fill up your condoms with water.
 You've got a liter of water there.
 - We'll taste quite spermicide-y.
 - Might be one of the strawberry ones, might get lucky.
 (laughing)
 But then, so that kind of led me on to this.
 In 1991, the British army ordered half a million bespoke
 camouflage condoms.
 - That's a great idea.
 - Can you tell me why?
 - Well.
 - Sand coloured.
 - Oh, sand coloured.
 - For the Gulf War, that was, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - If you forget to do up your flies
 after you've been to the Lou,
 you're always wearing a camouflage condom,
 so it doesn't matter.
 - You lie down in the sand with only your penis stick out,
 but you don't want anyone to shoot it.
 (laughing)
 So you have to cover it in a condom.
 - It's the periscope, it's the, yeah, yeah.
 - Right.
 - It's for the rifles.
 - To cover the rifles, to stop any water getting in.
 - Yeah, and sand did the tip.
 It can be seriously debilitating if you're firing a rifle.
 - At the end of World War I, in New York City,
 they had a tower of 12,000 pickle halbers,
 which are those kind of helmets with a spike on top,
 you know, like German helmets.
 It was like a victory parade.
 They got a massive pyramid of these helmets
 in the middle of New York, and then they sold them off.
 But the idea was, look, we've won the war
 and we've got all these trophies and whatever.
 Now the thing is that the Germans
 didn't really use these helmets.
 They used them in the 19th century,
 but then they were really phased out
 during the start of the 20th century,
 and they were completely replaced in 1916 by steel helmets
 because they're made of leather,
 the ones with the spike on.
 They don't help you really in any way.
 - And they're conspicuous as well.
 If you're in a trench and just you can see a spike
 moving back and forth, yeah.
 - Yeah, they're no use.
 They were replaced by steel helmets,
 but they had all these old ones,
 so they put them in an old warehouse,
 and then the Americans captured the warehouse,
 took all the helmets out,
 and then showed them as these are our spoils of war,
 as if they'd taken them from the soldiers,
 but they didn't take them from an old thing.
 - Wow, very clever.
 - And the reason you had the spike
 is because it's from the older days
 you might have a big plume on the side,
 like a ceremonial helmet,
 and that was kind of the spike would hold the plume.
 - I was wondering if it was
 the old Ben Franklin lightning rod hat.
 (laughing)
 - I didn't realize.
 Loads of other armies have them.
 - Oh yeah, today they have them.
 - Yeah, so the British household cavalry used to have a spike.
 The US Marine Corps, Russian, Swedish.
 - All for plume purposes, is that the--
 - I think almost all, yeah.
 But the Prussian army had changed theirs in 1844.
 They ended in a ball because people kept on
 injuring their horses or damaging equipment or whatever.
 - They think with the lightning rods
 was you had the spike versus the ball as well, didn't you?
 - Oh yeah.
 And maybe lightning kept happening, exactly.
 (laughing)
 Yeah.
 - Interesting, yeah, today I think ceremonially only,
 but you would see them in South America, I think,
 or the Romanian army, maybe.
 - Oh, back in Guatemala, the Tenerpene,
 you'd see them every day.
 (laughing)
 - Have you guys ever seen the Landsknecht mercenaries,
 pictures of drawings of these?
 - Not sure.
 - These were Germans who fought
 between the 1400s and the 1600s.
 They made up the majority of the Holy Roman Empire.
 They were like the elite fighting force.
 So they were using mostly pikes and crossbows,
 but they also used these things called zvi henders,
 which were swords that were way taller
 than the soldier himself.
 So they looked like they're carrying,
 I mean, you have to carry them over your shoulder
 and it looks ridiculous.
 - That's the point.
 It must be way too heavy to wheel.
 - I know, I know.
 I think the idea was you could basically get at your enemy
 'cause your sword was longer,
 but I think it wasn't that practical in the end.
 - You could think in the really early days of warfare,
 when all you had was a sword,
 having a slightly longer sword than your enemy
 would be an advantage.
 - Yeah, yeah, and then it's an arms race, yeah.
 - Eventually you've got a mile long sword.
 - That was what the arms race was.
 It's not so sweet.
 Back in the day, the arms race
 was just adding a cent to me through our drinks.
 - To your arm, yeah.
 (laughing)
 You breed soldiers with super long arms of actually,
 you know, Mr. Tickle in his time was a ferocious warrior.
 - He had to donate sperm every month, didn't he,
 for this new legion.
 He was very good at donating sperm.
 It was very easy for him, obviously.
 - I would think it would be quite awkward
 if you're Mr. Tickle, 'cause it's easy
 to reach things a long way from you, but your own penis.
 - Yeah, you're saying you're so right.
 - I don't think we've got any data
 about Mr. Tickle's penis though.
 Was it, you know, is everything that long and tickly?
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact is that in 2015, the actor Vicky McClure
 was kicked off the Vicky McClure tram
 for not having a ticket.
 - So, I think she shouldn't have to have a ticket
 if the tram's named after her.
 - Turned out she didn't need to have a tram ticket.
 Just the ticket inspector didn't realize that
 and kicked her off for their evasion.
 So Nottingham is where this tram is,
 and it's the Nottingham Express Transit,
 and they have a lot of trams
 that have a lot of local hero names on it.
 Vicky McClure and--
 - Who is she, sorry?
 - She's, oh yeah, sorry.
 So Vicky McClure is an actor.
 You might have seen her in line of duty.
 You might have seen her in the replacement.
 You might have seen her.
 - She's-- - The replacement bus journey?
 (laughing)
 - She's a very big British actor, yeah, huge deal.
 And yeah, so in 2015, she was offered this
 for it to be named after her.
 She accepted it, she's very excited.
 She brought her mother along to the ceremony.
 She sort of officially unveiled it,
 got onto the tram for the inaugural ride,
 and then the conductor said, "Where's your ticket?"
 And she said, "I don't have one on Vicky McClure."
 And he said, "Yeah, we're all Vicky McClure, get off."
 - And yeah. - Nottingham has a lot of
 trams named after people. - There's a lot of them.
 - There's a lot of them.
 So I'm gonna say a few names.
 Martin Polyakov, scientist.
 - Yes. - Big deal scientist.
 D.H. Lawrence, sex writer.
 Krzysztof Brot, tour villain dean.
 I don't know if that's one tram or two, actually.
 - It's one, yeah. - Shame.
 - Who gets the front half and who gets the back half?
 - Trams, trams.
 Okay, did you know that there's an annual
 tram bowling competition every year?
 - We sure did.
 (laughing)
 - But tell us more. - Pretty exciting.
 So every year there is the European
 tram driver competition, which is a competition
 which sees tram drivers from all over Europe
 gathering together to compete against each other
 to find the greatest tram driver of all.
 They do things like trams billiards.
 They do tram bowling.
 So tram bowling would be, you've got giant pins
 that are at the end of a little track,
 and you've got a tram racing down,
 and two people are holding the ball,
 and it nudges the ball, and it tries to not.
 It's a huge inflatable ball.
 It's not your average bowling ball.
 - No. - I think what's interesting is
 that's quite obvious what that would be,
 but tram billiards on the other hand.
 - Good point. - Which you haven't explained.
 - No, I'm-- - Tram billiards,
 I couldn't tell you what tram billiards is.
 Tram billiards doesn't bid that much
 relation to actual billiards,
 but it looks like a really boring spectator sport.
 It is where a tram goes very slowly and cautiously
 towards a table, which has got lots of scores written on it,
 and coming out of the table is kind of a channel
 with a little ball at the end,
 and the tram nudges into the channel
 and knocks the ball onto the table,
 and whatever score the ball lands on.
 - Oh, so it's shuffleboard.
 Shuffleboard isn't-- - Yeah, or shove-hateney.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - I like that.
 - But there are more exciting events than that,
 even more exciting.
 There's stopping within 20 centimetres of a cone
 without hitting it. - Yeah, pretty cool.
 - That's good. (laughing)
 - What does that entail? (laughing)
 - Accelerate to exactly 30 kilometres an hour
 without a speedometer.
 That's pretty good.
 - How do they remove the speedometer from this?
 - I don't know if it's quite a technical thing.
 - I think you put some black masking tape
 over it or something. - That's not what it says.
 It says without the speedometer.
 - Yeah, yeah, they have to commission hundreds
 of new trams every year for this.
 - It's the most expensive sport in Europe.
 - Yeah, so trams, when I was reading about this,
 I realized trams were much more revolutionary
 than I had realised, and I think we said that a lot,
 but it is true.
 So they were the way that you got around for about 100 years.
 - They still are in some places.
 - But there wasn't other options,
 or there weren't many other options.
 So they took over from horse and carts really.
 So the first trams were horse drawn, of course.
 The first horse car was 1807,
 the Swansea and Mumbles Railway.
 - So those are, just to be clear on what a tram is,
 it's on tracks, but it shares space with the road
 at some points. - Yes, yes.
 - Whereas the train is on tracks,
 but it has its own complete space.
 - Yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah.
 So the Swansea and Mumbles Railway
 actually was commissioned in 1804
 and just carried goods and freight,
 and lots of kids used to hitch rides on it
 to get from Swansea to Mumbles.
 And so they thought, well, maybe we should make
 this a passenger thing.
 And so that became the first passenger one.
 And then there were still no other trams for about 50 years.
 - And then George Train came along.
 - George Train blinded in. - Brilliantly named George Train.
 He went into trams, and he made one in Birkenhead,
 and he invited all the crown heads of Europe
 to the ground opening and none of them came.
 (all laughing)
 - Oh, really? - Wow.
 - It's Birkenhead, it's quite hard to get to.
 - Oh, okay, fair enough.
 - But we've invited all the crown heads of Europe
 to our Christmas show,
 which is coming up in a few days at the time of recording.
 I think they will be there.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - And he founded the football team,
 didn't he, Train Merovers?
 - Brilliant, a Birkenhead joke, amazing.
 - What was it?
 - That's where Tranmiera from, Birkenhead.
 - I've got to be honest. - Okay.
 - I did not intend that.
 - That is an extraordinary coincidence.
 Well done.
 - Because it was such a shockingly bad joke
 that I thought there must have been something extra there.
 - So did I. - Wow.
 - And there was.
 - So James did all the work to make that work, that's great.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - And then he started one in London, George Train.
 I went from Marble Arch to Bayswater,
 and it was very popular.
 Lots of people used it,
 apart from anyone who lived nearby,
 because there were lots of really, really posh houses
 around there, and anyone who lived there
 had to cross over the line to get to Hyde Park.
 They were just walking across,
 now they had to get past the tram line,
 and people would just smash it up.
 - The tram lines were raised, weren't they?
 And it was a complete pain in the bum to walk around,
 to walk over and all of this, yeah, yeah.
 In 1952, all the final trams left London,
 and the tracks were torn up and all of this.
 And this is a cool thing.
 The final journey of the trams went from Woolwich to New Cross,
 and it took three extra hours to normal,
 because of the crowds cheering it along the way.
 And the driver of the final tram, this is so nice.
 There's a guy called John Cliff,
 who was the deputy chairman of London Transport,
 and he had started his career as a tram driver
 52 years before, and he got to drive the final one,
 which is just like that, you know that Fraser thing?
 So in the first episode,
 someone brings in Martin's horrible chair,
 and when Fraser's dad is moving in,
 and then in the final ever episode, 11 years later,
 someone, a removal man, comes in to take the chair away,
 and it's the same removal man.
 And that's the best example you could think of
 of someone going through their whole career doing that.
 Well, it's the most relatable one, isn't it?
 We all know it, it's going to be understood.
 Judge Train was later declared a lunatic and arrested
 for reading the scripture in support of Victoria Woodhull,
 the suffragette.
 When trams went electric, so that was a huge step.
 They were horse drawn for ages.
 Was it accepted, or was it like Dylan going electric?
 No, people prefer the acoustic trams for a long time.
 (laughing)
 They, yeah, they went electric in Britain
 in the sort of 1880s and 1890s.
 And so now we tend to have trams with the cables above,
 but they used to be under the ground.
 That was a bit of an issue because then the rails
 would be electrified, so if you stepped on them,
 that was a problem.
 So they had this cool system called contact studs,
 which is where basically along the tram rail,
 you'd have these big metal studs
 and they were connected to an electricity supply underground,
 but they would be switched off and they would be triggered
 to switch on when the tram ran over them
 by a magnet on the tram.
 Brilliant.
 It sounds brilliant.
 They're really unreliable and they often stayed live.
 So what you had to do with the contact studs
 was employ street urchins often to go and stand on the rails
 and say, look, we think this is not live anymore,
 but could you just step on that rail?
 Are you joking?
 No.
 This is a complicated electrical job.
 We need an urchin to do it.
 No, no, because they were just testing it.
 They were literally there to see if they got electrified.
 And how badly would they be electrified?
 Pretty bad.
 Like horses would sometimes leap up
 and then drop down stone dead.
 I think they use a horse.
 Yeah, they should have used a horse.
 They're all out of work.
 Terrific.
 Yeah, it's pretty bad.
 Let's say I grew up near Manchester and they have trams there
 and I was always worried that they might be electrified
 and didn't want to stand on the tracks the next they were.
 I'd see so many urchins go up.
 Can I tell you one cool thing about tram design?
 I don't need to guess why it exists.
 So they would have spiral, old trams would have spiral staircases.
 So you get up to the top level.
 I've been on one.
 Yep, and you've got a driver.
 That's my clue.
 Picture the driver.
 Is the driver on the top like an old horse and cart
 where you'd have a--
 No, bottom.
 He's at the bottom.
 And there was one step on the spiral that's full of little holes.
 Why do you think it's full of little holes?
 Did he have shoes which he could click in like a Lego,
 a piece of Lego into there?
 And then he's stuck fast and he wouldn't fall over
 when it went round the corner.
 But if he's driving, is that for the conductor, for example?
 I was thinking conductor's mode.
 It's related to the conductor.
 But it's about if the conductor is a pervert.
 Oh, uh, oh, what?
 You were so excited.
 I didn't know, but I just thought of--
 A spiral staircase looking at women's skirts.
 You're bang on.
 Oh.
 So this was-- well, you're sort of there,
 if I'd ask you a follow-up question.
 Basically, the holes are there because the driver needs
 to be able to see over his left shoulder
 and the stairs block his view unless you put holes in.
 So there were holes in one step so he could look over his left
 shoulder.
 But they always came with a screen that you could pull down.
 And that was because if the tram's going the other way
 and the conductor's at the stairs end,
 he can look through the holes at ladies' ankles.
 Ankles, oh no.
 Ankles, even worse than up the skirts in those days.
 I wonder if-- you know, if you're an urchin.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And they wanted you to kind of stand on this electrical thing.
 Do you think they tricked you by saying,
 do you want to be a conductor?
 And you said, well, just stand on these--
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that because nobody
 can decide where it was invented,
 there's currently a split in the banana splits world.
 Brilliant.
 Some people say Croatia, don't they?
 Yes.
 There was also the banana Zagreb and the Brovnik.
 So yeah, two places in America, basically.
 In fact, we might come on to it.
 There was also a third pretender.
 But mainly two places in America,
 a place called Wilmington, Ohio, and La Trobe, Pennsylvania.
 And Wilmington say that it was invented by a guy
 called E.R. Hazard, who supposedly came up
 with banana splits, which is basically you take a banana,
 you split it in half, you put ice cream in the middle of it.
 He supposedly invented it to attract students to his shop.
 But they reckon that he did it in something
 like 1907 or 1908.
 And yet, there is a lot of evidence
 that they existed before that.
 So no one's having to go at Wilmington or anything.
 But it seems very unlikely that they are the real ones.
 You're taking the side here.
 You think it was the other one?
 I actually think that possibly it was neither.
 But certainly on these two, I think
 La Trobe, Pennsylvania definitely has the better claim
 because they have evidence that there
 was a guy called David Strickler, sometimes William
 Strickler.
 Different newspaper articles have different names.
 But he definitely was making them around 1904, 1905.
 We have evidence that he was buying these banana-shaped glass
 things.
 I wonder if we know stuff because Strickler is really
 celebrated there.
 Oh, yeah.
 Why do we not know his first name?
 I think we probably do.
 And I think one person made a mistake.
 And then that mistake has kind of gone through because--
 But yeah, if you look, in fact, even like newspaper
 articles relatively close to the time,
 some of them call him William and some of them call him David,
 it's so weird.
 So are they split over what his first name is?
 Yeah, so I read that basically he'd
 made a special boat-shaped dish.
 He commissioned these glass-shaped dishes.
 But that no one has actually got a receipt
 that that hasn't turned up.
 But maybe I'm sure there are contemporary reports.
 I know for a fact that they were being
 sold close by in 1905.
 Oh, OK.
 So I found some newspaper adverts, one in Harrisburg,
 Pennsylvania, which is fairly close to Littrow,
 was about 100 miles away.
 They were selling them in 1906, which was a year before they
 were supposedly invented in Wilmington.
 There was a-- yeah, some from 1904, 1905, 1906.
 You can see they start popping up in newspapers
 as being advertised.
 Is it not possible?
 You know, with all great scientific discoveries,
 or a lot of them, society as a whole
 has progressed to a certain place,
 where it's inevitable that individuals come up
 with things simultaneously, you know?
 And they'll be on the other side of the world.
 And is it possible that--
 This is morphic resonance.
 This is all cheap rolling across cattle grids
 around the planet.
 So like the Dennis the Menace thing of when they were
 individually invented into--
 It's not like that at all.
 This is the same banana pudding that we're talking about.
 It is kind of the same.
 So the Dennis the Menace thing, there
 had recently been a song called Dennis the Menace.
 It was like a music whole song.
 And kind of people came up with these characters,
 probably influenced by that.
 In America, in the late 19th century,
 they started importing bananas from different countries,
 and they started selling them.
 So that was really big.
 They'd also started making ice cream more regularly,
 because they had much better ways of making ice cream.
 So ice cream was new.
 Bananas was new.
 It was the time for banana splits to be invented.
 It's not rocket science, just merging them together.
 Apology accepted, Izzy.
 Well, I don't think I've ever had a banana split.
 Have you not?
 No, I've never had one.
 No.
 You're not missing out.
 I'd never choose one.
 It's one of the least good puddings.
 Yeah, but as a child, you must have been given them,
 because it's a way to make you eat bananas.
 I read that in the UK they're known as the banana longboat,
 which I like as well.
 But apparently--
 I've never heard that.
 Me neither.
 I think it was only in Wimpy, in the restaurant chain Wimpy.
 There was one other thing that I mentioned earlier.
 The Soda Fountain magazine reckoned
 that the banana split was invented in Boston.
 There was an ice cream convention in 1905,
 and there was a guy called Stinson Thomas,
 who supposedly invented it.
 But Boston has since ceded its title to this place
 in Pennsylvania.
 Very noble of Boston.
 There was even a claim I read that it was invented by someone
 called Letty Lally in 1904.
 I read this is a claim that she'd invented the banana split,
 and people were claiming this back in the '50s.
 But historians have since concluded--
 so don't panic at Wilmington and Trobe--
 that she actually invented the banana Royale, which
 I was not familiar with, but it's like a crap banana split
 where you chop the banana the wrong way.
 You chop the banana across the waist
 rather than dissecting it top to bottom.
 But multiple times, like waist, neck, knees.
 And do you put ice cream in it still?
 Yeah, yeah, and you put ice cream.
 Otherwise, it's just a chopped banana.
 It seems pointless, right?
 Yeah, just seems mad.
 I tell you what, we love inventing words.
 I know, but you're not going to be in a restaurant going,
 I see banana split on the menu.
 Do you do banana Royale?
 I'm sorry, the chef can't do it.
 We don't have the crockery for it.
 I'm so sorry.
 Reminds me of one.
 So that could be the case if your bananas
 come ready split, couldn't it?
 Do you know what I mean?
 So I used to work in a restaurant,
 and we used to have scrambled eggs that came in a carton.
 And so we would make scrambled eggs in the morning,
 because you didn't have to scramble them yourself.
 They came ready scrambled.
 But then people would come in and say,
 can I have a bile egg instead?
 And you'd have to say, we don't have any eggs.
 And they're like, well, what's this in front of you?
 That's so funny.
 Here's another variant of it.
 Have you heard of the human banana split?
 Oh, disgusting.
 You cut a human in half.
 That's correct.
 Oh, I know what you're doing here.
 What?
 Is it the fact that we share 60% of our DNA with bananas?
 No, you've made a huge reach from the fact
 that I make huge reaches all the time.
 But that makes us a literal banana split, doesn't it?
 No, it doesn't.
 Doesn't that?
 Not unless you were to clone a human and a banana together.
 That was the original draft of Jeff Goldblum's The Fly.
 A banana gets thrown into the machine at the last minute,
 and he comes out in a banana costume.
 No, this is-- it's a practice more than a dessert.
 It's where some people throw bananas at you,
 and then other people pour whipped cream and chocolate over you.
 And it's kind of a--
 Is it a sex thing?
 No, not at all.
 Not at all.
 It's more of a prank than a--
 I've only found evidence of it happening twice.
 It feels like an only fans kind of thing, doesn't it?
 I'm sure it will be within half an hour of the show going out.
 We'll have hundreds of thousands of people watching.
 Once it happened to some guy who was raising money for charity,
 they sort of said, I'll send the videos of your human banana
 split being made, and another time it was Gordon Ramsay
 having to-- having to him.
 It's not-- so it's not like a franchise yet, is it?
 It hasn't become a universally known--
 It's not as popular as the banana split.
 No, no, I don't think it will be.
 So this-- I think the reason they came about
 was really because of the popularity of soda fountains.
 Right, which is such an American thing
 that we don't really have.
 And they were basically there because people
 would go to the drug store, and they wanted to cure
 stuff that they had.
 And people believed at the time that carbonated water--
 That's got to go.
 Yeah, I'm just slipping in and out.
 I'm slipping in and out.
 And these from Guatemala, and it's from Boston.
 I've got some Bostonian blood.
 People would go to the pharmacy, and they
 had these fountains, which would give them fizzy water, which
 people thought was very curative at the time.
 Like Coca-Cola was a curative thing, wasn't it?
 Yeah, yeah, so they'd mix it up by giving them flavors,
 and the Coca-Cola and stuff.
 And then they'd start adding stuff to these
 to make them more appealing.
 And that's where the Sundays came about,
 and that's where the banana split came about.
 And that's why Strickler was a pharmacist,
 because he worked in a pharmacy.
 And he thought, how do I get more people to my soda fountains?
 He was a jerk, wasn't he?
 He was a jerk.
 Yeah, a soda jerk.
 That's what they called them, soda jerks.
 Yeah.
 Apparently, it was a pun on the word "clurk."
 Clark, clerk.
 So someone who works in a pharmacy might be a clerk.
 And then your guy, who was jerking down the handle
 to make the ice cream, he would be jerking that down,
 so he would be a soda jerk.
 Yeah, I really-- I didn't know anything
 about soda fountains and soda jerks.
 We've seen them in a couple of films and things like this.
 But there are so many--
 yeah, Pepsi and Coca-Cola were the next stage,
 where you got pre-made syrup.
 Because before that, everyone had their own recipes,
 and individual soda jerks would have their own things.
 Cocaine was legal in these until about 1914.
 Yeah, often you just drop some cocaine in with your soda.
 A small amount, obviously.
 It's like cocktails, weren't they, really?
 Yeah.
 Bit like that.
 And that was a kind of golden age of crazy different recipes
 before the more uniform, really popular big drinks came in.
 But OK, I've got a few--
 It's like the Cambrian explosion of ice cream.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, on a slightly smaller time frame.
 That's the thing which happened in the Tree of Life, isn't it?
 I'm only vaguely aware of the Cambrian explosion.
 I just know a lot of animals came with lots of weird arms
 coming off their heads and stuff.
 It was exactly like that.
 OK, I wanted to tell you a few of the--
 What animals have arms coming off their heads?
 Unsuccessful ones.
 OK, OK, the ones that died out.
 Well, do you want to hear a few that have died out of the ice creams?
 These are ice creams and ice creamy drinks.
 So the black cow was--
 Milk.
 Ice cream.
 I'll give you that.
 Guinness.
 Chocolate syrup and root beer.
 Pretty close.
 Yeah.
 That sounds good.
 Twist it, choke it, and make it cackle.
 Well, I'd rather do it after the show.
 Twist it, choke it, and make it cackle.
 You had to kill your own chicken, and then they'd put that in.
 Well, you had to put an egg in it, so kind of close.
 OK, but they were also, for the winter, they were hot sodas.
 Because obviously, selling cold, icy sodas
 is very unpopular in the wintertime.
 So they invented a load of hot drinks
 to go with these machines.
 So there was hot eggnog, hot mint juleps,
 and if you guys get any of the ingredients of this,
 I'll give you a big smile and base.
 You almost went for 1,000 points.
 But it's like, oh, I can't give them 1,000 imaginary points.
 That would be terrible.
 Oh, points?
 I thought pounds, I was hearing pounds.
 I wavered between points of pounds
 and thought I don't want to give either away.
 The reeking smash.
 Reeking smash.
 What are the ingredients for?
 Spinach.
 No.
 Reek, so, kimchi.
 Oh, classic.
 1950s American soda joking.
 Korean import export.
 OK, the reeking smash.
 This sounds like the worst drink I could possibly imagine.
 Water, some kind of water.
 I'm not going to give you that, actually.
 Clam juice, cream and ginger.
 Clam juice, cream and ginger.
 So close with cinnamon.
 It just sounds absolutely frank.
 Yeah, that's not a good combination.
 So, it's so weird to think why Coca-Cola took off
 in an environment where you could get a nice reeking smash.
 Imagine if we were all drinking reeking smash now.
 Just very quickly, I was looking into other kinds
 of banana splits.
 And one that I'd not actually ever heard of
 was a Hannah Barbera cartoon.
 The banana splits, you haven't heard of.
 Yeah, it kind of like passed me by.
 And it didn't last too long.
 It was 1968 to 1970.
 There was a syndication that went on a bit later.
 Can I just say also, I wasn't alive in those years.
 They did repeat it quite a bit.
 Yeah, it was syndicated from '70 to '82,
 but obviously it's been on TV ever since.
 And who knows in this country when.
 But it was cancelled.
 So, they made a movie in 2019, the banana splits movie.
 And it's amazing because this was a kids TV show.
 The plotline of this movie is that the banana splits
 are in studio and they're recording their show
 where they discovered they were about to be cancelled.
 The movie is about the murder spree
 that the banana splits go on,
 killing everyone inside the studio
 because they're furious about the upcoming cancellation.
 Are they actually banana splits?
 'Cause I don't know how they would murder anyone.
 They were like huge sort of bear, were they bears?
 Yeah, they were like big animals.
 Big animals, exactly.
 You played in a band.
 It sounds like Alpha Papa.
 Yeah, it does sound like that, which is an amazingly good film.
 It is, as I've seen that.
 But yeah, it was rated R, I believe.
 And this is, so a lot of people were furious
 because their childhood classic had come back
 and they couldn't take their kids to it.
 Turn it to scream.
 Yeah, exactly.
 You know when Bob Barley was accused of plagiarizing that?
 That TV show?
 Yeah, he was accused of plagiarizing it for Buffalo Soldier.
 And it's the bit that in the theme tune that says
 Tralalala, Tralalala, Tralalala.
 Oh my days.
 That's the banana splits.
 I don't know anything about.
 Who do you say, Bob Dylan?
 Bob Barley.
 I don't know any Bob Barley songs.
 Buffalo Soldier, well, obviously it's exactly the same tune.
 I mean, it's a very simple tune
 and it's almost certainly didn't plagiarize it
 and he has been, well, people who represent him
 have been asked about it.
 I mean, that sounded bang on, I gotta say.
 I'm on the side of the banana splits on this one.
 Well, a friend of Bob said he was a very serious man
 and I doubt very much he had come across something like
 a banana splits.
 Well, a friend of Snorky from the banana splits said
 that bastard stole our song.
 I've got one final thing about Soda Fountains
 and who killed the Soda Fountain, right?
 So this is from a piece in the New York Times
 talking about why this declined, you know,
 because they were huge.
 They were where people socialized,
 they were where people hung out,
 they were big business as well.
 So there's a theory.
 It was whoever invented the driving restaurant,
 which then was the next huge thing.
 There's a theory.
 It was F.D. Roosevelt who repealed prohibition.
 There's another theory.
 And this is all from the New York Times piece about it.
 There's a guy called William Painter.
 Okay, William Painter was the person who patented
 the crimped metal bottle cap.
 - Oh, because I thought Willie Painter was the guy
 who invented the camouflage gun.
 (laughing)
 (laughing)
 Very good.
 - As you would say.
 - What's the word, sorry, what is that?
 - You know the crimped metal bottle cap,
 like on a glass bottle of Coke.
 That bottle cap is metal,
 but it's also got this kind of, you know,
 like ruffles around the edge of the crimps.
 So that made it possible to standardize drinks.
 And he actually invented that
 in around the like the early,
 the first decade of the 20th century.
 - And it meant that you could buy a thousand of them
 and keep them in a warehouse.
 - Exactly.
 - Each time someone making a new one.
 - Exactly, yeah.
 - Interesting.
 - The reason I mentioned this guy, William Painter,
 is because I thought I'd try and find out
 other stuff about his life and work.
 He invented a load of different things,
 including, and I can find no more details about this,
 an ejector seat for trains.
 (laughing)
 - Brilliant.
 - And it doesn't say whether it's for the driver
 or for the passengers.
 - Must be the driver.
 - Every single passenger had,
 you see them flying into the air, 300 people.
 One last thing.
 - Do you know that Liz Truss's mum
 used to regularly dress up as a banana?
 (laughing)
 - No.
 - Sorry, Amanda's a hoot, Liz Truss is.
 - Yes, sorry.
 For any international or British listeners,
 Liz Truss was the person who was momentarily
 prime minister of the country a very short while ago.
 - And she's the second most successful member
 of her family by the sound of the chains.
 - Wow.
 - This actually came out in a book
 that was famously released,
 a book that's called Out of the Blue.
 Well, it was called Out of the Blue,
 the inside story of Liz Truss
 and her explosive rise to power.
 And it had to be re-titled that book Out of the Blue,
 the inside story of the unexpected rise
 and rapid fall of Liz Truss.
 But yeah, her mum was a big campaigner for various things.
 So she moved to Eastern Europe in the 1970s
 to try out life under communism, for instance.
 Yeah.
 And she wanted to promote fair trade in leads
 in the 1970s and she did this
 by making herself a bright yellow banana costume.
 And wandering around in it.
 - Wow.
 - And Liz Truss would say she'd go into the supermarket
 and the kids would be like,
 - She's that amazing.
 - So her mum just put on her again.
 - Why did Liz Truss not bring this up?
 - If she brought that up, yeah, I would be more.
 - 'Cause she kept saying she was from leads,
 she couldn't stop saying she went to school in leads.
 I think I'd be saying my mum used to dress as a man.
 - Do you think you would?
 I think that's really on the cusp of is it gonna work
 or is it gonna ruin me?
 - I suppose the Tory voters are not gonna love the idea
 that she was going to live on the communist government
 in Eastern Europe.
 - You could leave out that part.
 - Or entrusted in fair trade.
 - Liz Truss, she admired Margaret Thatcher, didn't she?
 Thatcher used to work in ice cream.
 So if her mum got together with Thatcher,
 we could have had a banana split.
 - A human banana split?
 - Yes.
 - Oh my God.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can all be found
 on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribeland, James.
 - @JamesHarkin.
 - Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing or our website.
 NoSuchThingasafish.com.
 All the previous episodes are up there,
 so do check them out.
 Also, bits of merch are up there.
 If you wanna get some in time for Christmas, do it now.
 Otherwise, just come back here next week
 where we will have another episode waiting for you
 of No Such Thing As A Fish.
 See you then.
 - Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
