 It's your turn now!
 You don't want it!
 I don't want it!
 You don't want it!
 You don't want it!
 You don't want it!
 You don't want it!
 Oh!
 And welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast this week
 coming to you live
 from up the Cree comedy club
 in Greenwich London.
 My name is Dan Shriver.
 I'm joined by the three regular elves
 please welcome to the stage
 Andy Murray,
 Marie Anichezinski and James Harkin. And once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order, here
 we go starting with me. My fact this week is that in winter we should all wear our socks
 outside our shoes. Right. And this is science that says we should do this.
 Oh, Mr. Science. Yeah, this is a really interesting thing. It was a thing that they did in New
 Zealand. What they did was in New Zealand, they were saying, "Okay, people keep slipping
 over. How do we fix this?" And someone has worked out. If you wear your socks outside
 of your shoes, it gives you incredible grip, which means you will never slip on ice.
 So in winter time in London where we're recording this or if you're overseas and you get
 winter and you get all the icy floor, take your socks off or get a second pair and put
 them outside your shoes, treat yourself. But yeah, so it's a really interesting study.
 I read the study. I think it one or it's been reported by the Ig Nobel people. It might
 have won an Ig Nobel Prize and I read the report and they said, "Although participants
 in the intervention group were told they could keep their socks, many who appeared to
 have image issues, opted to return them, including one young man who probably fell on leaving
 the assessment area." Amazing. Have any of you guys seen the video posted by Alan Anderson
 online and it's him. He's a father of a girl who goes to school and he goes to pick up his
 child from school and he spends six full minutes filming people slipping over. Does anyone see
 that? They all like children. Yeah, they're all children. He's just certain. It's extraordinary.
 The regularity with which they slip over. There's this corner of pavement and every single
 child that walks around it falls flat on their ass or their face or their head, whatever.
 I see it was here out there before he set up the camera, pouring cold water on the pavement.
 You don't want to waste a morning shooting as well. It also shows his good fathering skills
 because it went about three minutes into the video when he's filmed about 55 children falling
 over. His daughter leaves school and turns up at the car and he's like, "I'm not going
 to go yet, watch this, honestly." There's another three minutes of him and his nine-year-old
 daughter going, "Yeah, that is hilarious." So good, he should watch it.
 The thing about the socks going over your shoes, it doesn't work apparently if the
 socks are wet. Obviously, if you're walking on slow or ice, they will be soon. So just speaking
 of kids, it's interesting that I think it is a New Zealand thing that they have recognized
 as just a local thing that people do. They know to wear socks outside their shoes because
 in 1989, two researchers extracted gossip from a group of young 7 to 11-year-olds. That
 was really sinister, would you? Now that I read it again, it's just a single needle. So these
 were corrected rereading my sentence. It wasn't in New Zealand, it was American school
 children. Oh, well, that's all right. And they asked each child to discuss the reputations
 of each of their classmates and this is what they said. Some of them were warning signs
 of weirdness, apparently. It said, "Eats like a pig." That's one thing they would say.
 Bang's head on desk sounds like a car. Figuity acts like a monster, wears socks over shoes.
 Ah, sensible. They should have said that after that. Brackets sensible. Sounds like a car.
 Is that all one guy? Well, when everyone's slipping, he's going, "Bracket." Do you know
 that they wear over socks in pro-cycling sometimes? Really? Yeah, wearing socks over your shoes
 is a thing in cycling. Yeah. Well, in the spring, when they're racing, it gets really
 kind of grotty and muddy and whatever and they have these really lightweight shoes and
 the idea is you put your socks over it and it won't damage the shoes. That's good, isn't it?
 But the shoes aren't on the ground. You're a much better cyclist than I am. Yeah, no, it
 gets muddy and it kind of splashes up and you know. And there was, I saw an FAQ on a cycling
 website and the question was, what is the point of wearing socks over your shoes and the answer
 was experiencing the thrill of having non-cyclists within a earshot, impersonately observing
 that you have forgotten your shoes or that you have put them and your socks on in the wrong
 order? That does sound worth it. There is something you can do if you're not into the socks
 over shoes. Look, the Canadian researchers have discovered recently which they've developed
 a new material where you implant glass fibers into shoes and they're selling these shoes
 where these little chance of glass act as these tiny spikes. That sounds very, very safe.
 I think that, I mean, it's not just a kid at home jabbing, broken, wine bottle up into his
 own trainers. We've all been there. No, but I like this. So it was casually reported in
 new scientists. The researchers who tested this material did it in a floating lab which
 was casually referred. So it's a floating lab is a lab that gets hoisted into the air and
 then tilted at whatever sloping tilt or whatever gradient you want to tilt it to. So that's
 how they test these kind of things is you just hoist this whole laboratory up and then you
 get people to wear these ice shoes, glass shoes. And you told it, I think that's so cool.
 Floting labs. Just genuinely interesting. Here's something that's not that interesting.
 Oh, please. I thought I'd look into sock puppets. So I went onto Wikipedia and Wikipedia says
 that sock puppet is a puppet made from a sock or similar garment. And I would argue that
 something made from something that's not a sock really isn't a sock puppet. You've got sock
 puppets which are made of socks. You've got cloth puppets which are made of gloves. You've got
 finger puppets obviously which are made of fingers. I think they're creepy though. And he approaches
 every normal you can take off those finger puppets. Show me your true hand.
 I got told on the way here by Alex Bell who always appears on our podcast. I got told that,
 so I mean, just because we were talking on the way over here about how when you do slip on ice,
 obviously you can you can break your ankle. You can hurt yourself really badly. And he told me that
 during the filming of the movie Troy, the filming was actually delayed because Brad Pitt who was playing
 Achilles injured his Achilles here. No. True fact. True fact that I didn't Google, I just believed it.
 So I read an article in the Independent from 1993 which opened congratulations to the several
 hundred readers who wrote in with creative suggestions for using an odd sock. So this is obviously
 a competition they were running. And I said this list which by no means exhaustive will be put
 to good use and suggestions for using an odd sock. And they are good suggestions. They include
 with suitable holes as a coat or balaclava for a furry animal. That's the best bank ice
 frozen if a sock is frozen use it as a boomerang because I guess the heel has that shape. And if it's
 unfrozen as a bank for a boomerang, we should move on to a second fact very soon. What else do you
 guys got? The original fact was about snow and ice. Yeah. And just this is just something I found
 interesting you can start a fire using ice. Pretty cool. If you carve a piece of ice into a lens and
 you focus the sun's rays through it, you can start a fire in a few seconds. Wow. And you need the
 tools to chip away at a chunk of ice but you can do it. It's insane it being done. That sentence could
 have read you can turn your child into a car. Well you can do that with most things presumably.
 I can't focus the rays of the sun through a child. Well the next experiments have been all in vain.
 Should we move on? Yeah let's move on. Okay it is time for fact number two and that is Andrew Hunter
 Murray. My fact this week is that ancient Jerusalem's lost property office just involved shouting
 about what you had lost in the hope that somebody had found it. Well so wow really? Yeah and so there's
 they've just found in the ruins of ancient Jerusalem a particular podium and there are a couple of
 theories about its use. One is that it was a sort of speakers corner and the other is that it was a
 lost property office because there are a couple of ancient Jewish texts which mention a stone of
 claims and that's where you would go if you lost something and the idea is that you would tell an
 announcer and then he would shout out to the crowd and see if anyone had found anything that was like
 that and that was how you were reunited with your lost stuff in ancient Jerusalem. I just think
 that's the best idea ever. Yeah that's how easy. Well you kind of need everyone in the country to be
 stood around the guy at the time. It's not really going to work in London is it? That's the floor.
 It's like it was never been tried in London. We've just found this out as well right? Yeah they've
 just found the podium and so they're trying to work out what it was for so this is one of the theories
 yeah. It's the wailing wall is in isn't it? Is that? I don't think that was originally a lost property.
 I mean are we definitely sure about that? Whaling. It is a bit like town cryers I think. You know
 you would have oh yay oh yay someone's lost so whatever that probably happened in the olden days.
 True. In Gossler in Germany they had a town cryer who was employed to remind the local pop place
 not to urinate or defecate into the river the day before the water was drawn for brewing beer
 which I think we can all agree is a very useful job. There was a town cry there was a town cryer
 called Keith Jackman of Christchurch and he has been deafened by the sound of his own bell.
 He's been he's been doing the oh yay for 25 years. Oh he's gone deaf. That's really sad.
 It is isn't it? He should have won those headphones the ear muffs that build as well. Yeah he should have done.
 One idiot is the absolute worst kind of tenetus isn't it though it's just like
 do you remember the guy I haven't I can't remember his name but when Prince George was born
 was announced by town cryer and everyone's like oh this is fantastically old school this is wonderful
 and it turns out it was just a guy who just decided to arrive and announce it and he is a town cryer
 but in a very different town to where I was being announced and he just walked up it here he
 he announced it and everyone's like oh it's just so nice and the royal family we're going who the
 hell is this guy. Do you remember that? I hope he drove down all the way saying I've got to tell them
 how else will they know? And the bells next to him with the car with a little seat bells on it.
 Just you and me this time blender.
 The town cryer championships I just think this is so amazing that these kind of things
 have the budget for this. I've been there once. What? Did not place.
 What? Do you know where they were held the last ones? The one I went to was in either
 Lancashire or Yorkshire I can't remember. Cool the last one was in Bermuda so I feel like
 Do you ever get the feeling you chose the wrong year?
 I mean who was paying for town cryers good. Anyway this year this is the first time a Brit has won
 the town cryer championships. It's very exciting. Mark Wiley beat off 24 what are those things?
 I know what I like. Oh yeah!
 It's one of the requirements these days. He actually said for the ego reasons we have to correct that.
 Sorry so this guy won over and above 24 other contestants. What he won was an awful lot of rum he said
 which I needed for medicinal purposes. He explained which is understandable after the trauma he'd
 undergone. Oh god there's anyone got anything else lost and found? Yes. I've got stuff
 I've lost and found. Okay. This story is this is from the BBC News website for Barkshire in 2011.
 A mother has praised redding buses for finding and returning her son's sausage casserole.
 Her son's sausage casserole I feel. After he left it on a bus.
 Oh carry on. Suzanne start sent an email via social media network site Facebook to thank
 staff at the bus company for saving her family's dinner. The sausage casserole which was made by
 her son in his food technology class at school ended up in lost property. The casserole was retrieved
 by Mrs. Stout and Eaton having taken an unscheduled route around West Redding which for my money is
 the greatest story ever. That was the guy who did you read TFL published a couple of years ago
 list of the most interesting stuff they've had in their lost property that's been claimed or not
 claimed one of which was one of the most common items to have a lost property is false teeth which is
 weird anyway people I don't know relax take them out leave them there anyway a man came back
 claimed his false teeth took them away and then returned a few hours later grimacing and saying
 how to do these online. You know that I'm Kent police are now saying that they're no longer accepting
 lost property items and that you yeah yeah so if you if you bring them a lost property item they say
 take it to Facebook or Twitter and you now have to tweet or Facebook the lost property item yeah
 they no longer do it. Which really messes around with the law on lost property because the
 you meant to take reasonable steps to return it to its owner and if you go to the police and then
 several weeks pass and they haven't reunited it with its owner then you have the best claim on it
 after the owner you are because you found it so I don't know how it works in the age of doing it on
 social media if that's what qualifies as a reasonable effort. Yeah and very quickly there's a thing the
 code of Hammurabi is the oldest legal code we have and it has a section on lost property so if
 somebody finds something he's lost in the possession of another man right and the person who own has
 it now bought it from a salesman and they've both got witnesses that they bought it honestly and
 that they owned it before then since the seller was the thief he should be put to death. But
 if the man who was found with the property couldn't produce the seller to make the sale but the
 original owner did have witnesses then since the professed purchaser was a thief he should be put
 to death. Finally I think you know where this is going. If you could not produce witnesses proving
 that you in fact owned it before it was found in the possession of the other guy since he was a cheat
 and stated a false report he shall be put to death. There's no there's no there's no scaling down
 in this lost property. We need to move on. Okay it is time for our next fat and that is Chisinski.
 Yes my fact is that the man who discovered why we sweat did so by getting in a
 sauna with a dog, a steak and an egg. And then it just came to him. I think you're going to have to
 explain Anna. So this is this guy called Charles Blackson who not very much has written about and so
 he was a British physician in the late 18th century and he was invited actually to you know by
 other scientists to get into their sauna and find out why we sweat and he decided when he persuaded
 a whole bunch of friends to come in with him and he subjected himself to ridiculous temperatures.
 So in in 1775 he went up to 127 degrees Celsius so way above boiling point. Sitting in the sauna
 was found he was able to sit there. He was in one naked from the waist up and others he had to
 wear clothes because otherwise your skin cinches. Were there any way he was naked from the waist down?
 The dog is looking worried. But yeah so there was thought that how could he possibly have survived
 this because people didn't know that humans could thermoregulate like we know we can now so how
 could we possibly survive being 127 degrees Celsius. So there was an idea that the moment he must be
 wrong so rather than get like a few thermometers in there to you know controls he invited in his dog
 and an egg and some steak and and he found that the egg cooked extremely fast the steak cooked
 even almost even faster so that when you got the dog 25 minutes of gas market no the dog's fine
 because animals can thermoregulate but the way when you read his write-up of it it reads a bit like a
 cooking a cookery book because it's mainly supposed to be focused on how well cooked the steak is
 sitting in there but you know like 150 degrees C I mean he says we put eggs and beef steak in that
 after 20 minutes the eggs were taken out roasted quite hard and 47 minutes the steak was not only
 dressed but almost dry another beef steak was rather overdone in in 33 minutes and then in the evening
 he explained you cook the steak even faster by using bellows to blow the hot air onto it and he
 explained that the greatest part of the steak was pretty well done within 13 minutes so he's either
 telling you how to cook steak well or he's explaining that humans can thermoregulate and in a way that
 steak can't so yeah this is how he discovered that by sweating we are able to not boil to death when
 temperatures reach the same way. I guess the story today is most famous for Blackdon's law
 which is the idea that if you put salt in water it takes longer to boil yes that's what he's famous for
 is that do they use that in freezing on the roads is it the same principle? It's kind of the same
 principle yeah if you put salt in the ice it doesn't form as it's similar to that it's similar to when
 people put salt into water to like boil pasta or something they think that the temperature will boil
 lower but actually that's not really true you can put as much salt as you want like a hell of a lot of
 salt into a bowl of pasta and it would change the boiling point by four hundredths of a degree
 so early it'll make much difference but I read the article on him in the dictionary of national
 biography and Dr. Johnson who wrote the dictionary said that he was a delightful fellow
 this guy but there was another guy called Count Rumpford who didn't really like him as much
 because Blackdon had fought against him for the hand of Levantier's wife so Antoine Levantier
 who he was a person who there was an idea that people thought that when things burned there was
 an element called flogiston and this was the element that allowed things to burn and then he died and
 then his wife married this guy called Count Rumpford and weirdly he is the person who disproved that
 something called caloric which was another element which was what happened when things heated up
 happened so she was married to the guy who disproved flogiston which was a fake element for burning
 and then was married to a guy who disproved caloric which was the fake elements for warming things up
 wow that is really interesting but not funny she was the niche she had written niche taste
 that really niche isn't it bizarrely I have a fact about Dr. Johnson and Sweat
 great so in Dr. Johnson's dictionary the word Swellt as in Swellt are these days but the definition
 for the word Swellt is to puff in sweat if that be the meaning
 which I decide I'm the writer of the dictionary so it be the meaning
 I was I was so the fact is about why don't people cook effectively when they're in a sauna
 because that's what he was trying to find out well that's I mean that's slightly what he was trying
 to find out it's it's okay it wasn't what he was trying to find out I have missed research
 this fact it was more about how steaks do cook and yeah I was like humans how can you how can you
 get this kind of heat and with the dog it was the the tongue that was panting that allowed for it to
 regulate its heat I just I feel like we have to explain why that was confusing maybe to some
 people and to you why when you say why don't people cook you mean why don't people themselves
 oh cook when they're in a sauna it's not why don't people enter a sauna to make a fry up so roast in it
 that's yeah that's so I googled how hot can a human get and did my photo come up
 whether we're a lot of they were a lot of really interesting articles like they look like they were
 right they look like they were good answers to the question but I got really distracted because you
 know when you google something James make it from the wisdom so when you when you when you google
 something at the very bottom when you scroll down it says related searches you know when you see
 that yeah and then it gives you a new sentence you can say so I googled how hot can a human get
 and the related search that I got was can a human get a dog pregnant
 and I really want to do research for tonight and the facts but that is Charles Bladden discovered two
 things in that sauna the answer to the second was no
 well that's a thing kid you get a dog pregnant was that someone is that a lot of people typing that
 out of curiosity or are they worried
 didn't say it didn't say but it is interesting that all dogs can mate successfully with all other dogs
 that is true isn't it yeah yeah I just find that amazing yeah like it's like a tiny chihuahua can
 mate with that a massive yeah great and make a new dog right make it that's the point of it
 oh we've got a lot of explaining to do one of the shows over
 do you know in Finland there's a sauna elf so we've spoken about this on the podcast before
 Finland loves saunas like crazy their parliament has a sauna and a lot of very big moments have
 happened in a sauna when they've been negotiating they'll go let's go to the sauna and they'll
 sit it out until they decide but part of their there there's an equivalent of the boogie man
 in Finland which is the sauna elf and he's called sauna tonto and I'm sure in a different accent
 and sauna tonto basically if you're naughty in a in a sauna he'll he'll burn it down and kill everyone
 um yep so on the front you better watch so not tonto's coming to the town
 and he's burning the sauna down
 yeah that rhyme that's very good
 we're gonna have to move on to our final facts okay time for our final facts and that is
 james okay my fact this week is that stick insect sex can last for 79 days and the insects are stuck
 together the whole time wow that's like sting and his wife right is not he is that tantric
 I think I think you've got confused it stings yeah so um stick insects you would think they're
 really boring but actually they have quite well-lengthy sex I wouldn't I would say it's that exciting
 I think yeah I don't suppose um stick insects could probably like have sex that quickly because
 they might set each other on fire it's a really good point yeah um but these guys um they're
 the genitalia are in contact for 40% of the time of the 79 days so they are kind of you know
 at it for one more time I read a theory that the males drag it out so as to stop other males from
 mating with the female yes I read that from a entomologist blogger called bug girl which is where
 I got this fact from originally but she actually found several reports of stick insect group sex
 in the literature which means that maybe he's not trying to keep it in the in the couple
 that's why dogs do it though right so if anyone's had a dog who's made it um dogs can stay attached
 to their bitches for up to 40 45 minutes um standard and it's it's so that another dog
 all the other could get away with that sentence these are just zoological terms guys
 um but you know that's to stop another dog getting getting too involved yeah um so sometimes other
 males do sneak up not in a in that way but just to try and sneak in when the first male breaks off
 to feed as sometimes happens um and the intruder will start having sex with the female but then if
 the first male finds out the two of them will have a fight while both holding on to the female
 they'll pass at each other with their legs that's so distracting what is going on back there
 [laughter]
 anyway so this isn't this actually isn't true of all stick insect sex it's true of a lot of them
 um but there is a stick insect called um ecstato soma tia ratum um and the females of that species
 can reproduce without the need of males so they can like auto reproduce but no one seems to have
 told the males so the males find the females really attractive and try to mate with them whenever
 possible but the females have involved an anti-afridiziac to keep the males away and when eventually
 they manage to get past the anti-afridiziac and they mount them they can kick them with their
 back legs to get them off because they just want to say no no we don't need you guys we can just
 have sex on our own and then so i think these this is actually very confusing to evolutionary
 biologists because usually asexual reproduction evolves because of a lack of males and so you know
 a female race actually reproduce but really you want the male to be there because of diversity of
 genes but yeah these stick insects are saying no we actually way prefer it this way we'll just
 create clans of ourselves who are very easy to get along with um yeah they bat them off and it's
 this kind of conundrum like aren't they going to outlast males are these male so i think it's the
 spiny leaf stick insects in Australia um will the males die out first or will they evolve to manage
 to i don't know like assault the women enough that they can still because if the male managers
 have sex with the female they produce both male and female offspring because the active fertilized
 and if the if it's just the female producing pathogenesis then they only produce clothes
 to themselves who are obviously all females so it's a real um genuine but like utopia versus dystopia
 kind of all female world versus yeah i wouldn't call that dystopian or rather i mean
 do you want to hear something cool about sticking sex uh eggs so some of the eggs have the special
 capsule of the sort of fat another good tasty stuff called a capitulum at one end of them
 and ants like eating the capitulum bit so they carry the eggs back to their nest
 and they eat the capitulum bit and then they throw the eggs onto a kind of rubbish heap where they
 remain incubating and they can stay incubating for up to a year and then the baby's uh
 stick insects just hatch and then they walk out of the nest and um i i read that this was compared to
 paying a babysitter to look after your eggs um to look after your offspring but it's not really because
 i think that is the equivalent of leaving your child abandoned but with a tubular attached
 that someone who likes a tubular able say oh i love a tubular owner i just take this on what's this
 on the to understand it is the worst parenting in the world i've ever had this it shook off
 your own child because the ants do eat some of the eggs i mean yeah yeah they will they will eat
 thinking they're edible so yeah it is saying look this guy might eat you but if he doesn't then
 you might be okay uh i'm off i was i was probably when i was researching today i was looking into
 pictures of stick insects and something i think that's not said enough is it's really weird day
 like they're they look like it's they look like sticks well yeah they look like trees have become
 conscious and we're just not acknowledging it it's just they do it just looks like a bit of stick is
 gone i'm alive oh my god what is the world going on here and we probably an insect it's just an
 insect no it the tree has woken up like if you if you had two stick insects having sex for 79 days
 attached to each other how do you know it's not just two sticks yeah exactly what have you been
 watering it the whole time and they're just like we're trying to have sex here and you know who's
 this guy every day it is difficult for researchers to find stick insects because they're nocturnal
 and they pretend to be sticks and so it is quite hard to study them um and you know the best thing
 is a lot of stick insect eggs look like seeds how cool is that yeah extra camouflage nice smart it's
 not they are conscious trees that much happens we're all dancing around it because if two mind
 blowing for us to accept oh their children look like seeds they're fucking seeds
 do you think that all things that are camouflage directly the thing that they're camouflage against
 we're not camouflage look at us there's no camouflage on us and there's a stick walking pass me
 and i think i know that's that makes sense but if you have like an arctic fox which is camouflage
 just snow you don't think oh my god snow it's not like it's not like an iceberg walking pass me
 being like a high iceberg fox i feel we might have hit a nerve here
 um we found a stick insect which is a hundred and twenty six million years old older than a lot of
 don't i think that's just a stick do you know more about this
 no well the cool thing is about it is that um we know that a lot of them imitate flowering plants
 and um we know flowering sticks and we know we know what plant it would have mimicked because we
 if its wings were folded it would have looked like a stripy tongue and there was the worst stripy
 tongue looking plants around at the time and we know those in the fossil record and we know this
 and we can kind of imagine what it would look like yeah it's just so cool i think that's really cool
 and there are three thousand species in the genus which includes stick insects and leaf insects
 which is another kind of insect
 um there's so this is one extraordinary stick insect uh which was thought to have gone extinct on
 lord howe island which is in south pacific uh thought of gone extinct in 1920 um so it used to
 be known as the tree lobster because it's absolutely enormous it's 12 centimeters long on average
 i also heard that it was known as a walking sausage oh yeah i think it also ima take sausages
 down to next friday i'm just going to be like yeah i mean i do a lot of stick work but i also dabble
 and sausage stuff i mean i do a lot of stick work but i also dabble and sausage stuff
 i wish that was the first time i'd ever heard you say that i mean
 so these stick insects we thought it disappeared these giant insects in 1920 and very recently in
 them within the last 10 years so there were rumors that they were still existed on balls pyramid
 which is a pyramid that jots out of the ocean very near to this uh this south pacific island
 and these four Australians went to investigate these rumors and see if these giant stick insects
 that existed they climbed up this vertical rock face and they found under one bush these
 stick insects have been living for almost a hundred years they found 24 insects under one plant one single
 plant um and we don't know how they got there people think they might have hitchhiked over on birds
 which i quite like wow yeah and so now they really want to reintroduce them to laud howe island
 and the reason they went extinct in the first place is because there were loads there was a rat
 infestation that we introduced and now laud howe islanders are being faced with the choice between
 would you like to keep your horrible rat infestation um or would you like us to get rid of that in
 exchange for giant horrific looking stick insects the size of your head i'm gonna wrap us up very soon
 so uh anyone else got anything i just on duration of uh copulation uh there is a map of the US that's
 been compiled because there's an app where you can report how long your sex lasts in america
 um and then there's a map of the US which tells you which states have the longest sex um and so
 which states are the biggest liars well i don't know if anyone's lying because they they are not long
 freshingly honest new mexico wins um copulation last 7.01 minutes on average Alaska loses the average
 copulation is 1.21 minutes yeah but it's cold it's cold
 you want to get back inside don't you
 only alfresco for some
 okay that's it that's all of our facts thank you so much for listening at home thank you so
 much for being here tonight if you want to get in contact with us about any of the things that
 we've said over the course of this podcast we can all be found on twitter i'm on at shriverland
 andy at andru hunter m james at x8 chazinski you can email podcastaqi.com
 yep and uh we also have a website no such thing as a fish.com we've got all of our previous episodes up
 there go to that if you want to hear previous episodes thank you so much for being here guys
 that was really fun uh we're gonna be back again next week with another episode we'll see you then
 goodbye.
