 Hi everyone, tiny thing. The sound quality on this podcast is terrible. Really sorry about that.
 We had a few issues in the venue on the night. Hope you can tolerate it nonetheless.
 Okay, on with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish Weekly Podcast. This week
 coming to you from Canterbury. My name is Dan Schreiber and please welcome to the stage
 of the three regulars, Anna Chazinski, James Harkin, and Andy Murray.
 This is great and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 and in no particular order here we go starting with you, James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the first water balloons were made out of socks.
 Sort of cotton. Oh, no cotton made out of rubber, rubber socks.
 Your socks have not made out of rubber.
 This was, it was invented by a guy called Edgar Ellington and he was trying to come up with a thing
 that could kind of treat trenchfoot. So the idea that you would get your feet very wet and it could
 cause problems. He wanted to stop that and so he wanted to make socks that were made out of rubber,
 out of latex. The main problem he had was putting the socks on because they were so kind of latexy
 and you shouldn't get them on. And then once he even managed to sort that out, he thought,
 well, I'll just make sure the water proves. So he put a lot of water in there.
 There was a little bit of a leak and he was like a little bit of a leak and he threw it and then
 it smashed on the floor. Water went everywhere and he thought, ah-ha. He called them water grenades.
 Yes, he did. He made them for water or to keep. Well, people still call them water buns, I think,
 sometimes they're there, yeah. But yes, still not used for water. Water pistols, not used for
 holding up banks. Because why my crime syndicate has not done so well. It's a shame nobody's invented
 the water mortar. It's a guy in America who did a Kickstarter campaign, he's called Josh Malone,
 he created a device that can blow up 100 water balloons in one minute, I think. So it feels
 like about 36 at a time. It's very impressive. The worst thing about water balloons is when you have
 to tie them up at the end. That's always really fiddly. But they have invented some self-tying water
 balloons. Wow. Yeah, they sound great, right? I saw an article in the Wall Street Journal of
 All Places about these things. And it said, works really well, you kind of fill it up and then you put
 it back together and it kind of self-seals. But the problem is that the balloons are so well-made
 that when you throw them at people, they just bounce off. That's not well-made at all then.
 But that's what that is, how water balloons work. If you want to get someone you throw it at the ground,
 you never throw it at a person because it just ricochets off their head. You need to chuck it on
 the ground. Oh, yeah, go on. Well, I was going to, I wonder if I've got the same idea, throw it
 at a person, but then chase after it with a pin and then smash it as it hits the person. Is that
 your thoughts? It's not exactly my thoughts to make everyone in a water balloon fight wear a suit
 made of nails. So, the Boy Scouts. Water weapons are slightly illegal in the Boy Scouts. You're not
 allowed to have water pistol fights in the Boy Scouts. You are allowed to have water balloon fights,
 but I was reading through it. There's a really odd tiny stipulation. You can only use water balloons,
 no bigger than a ping-pong ball. What has anyone seen a water balloon that size? They have made ping-pong balls
 bigger recently, because they wanted to make ping-pong better. Our table tennis better on television,
 so they made the ball bigger so you'd be able to see it better. That's not why we need to make
 this full of pressure on television. We need suits made of nails. I was reading this blog by a guy
 who works for the Scouts and he was saying here is a list of things and these are like official
 things that you're not allowed to do as Scouts or use when you're fighting with each other or playing
 with each other out in the field at Scout Camp. So it makes sense. You know, bottle rockets, crossbows,
 guns, guns, big guns, tanks, anvil shooting in a lot of sheep anvil's and people. That's on the list.
 Twice girls have just gone completely hell than safety. Boomerangs on a laugh, ninja weapons.
 How do you get your ninja badge there? There's a university. I think it's just Texas University where
 you are not allowed to have water guns on campus, but you are allowed to have actual guns.
 Yeah, water balls have been banned this year on a campus where everyone's got actual guns in their
 lockers. Because water, you can drown in water, that's the thing. There were drowns in a bullet.
 So I was reading about balloons generally and sales of helium balloons have gone down recently
 because people have worried about the environmental impact of the plastic around them, which actually,
 if it's just an ordinary latex helium balloon, it's not that bad because it goes about five miles
 up into the atmosphere, I think, and then it freezes and it breaks into little slivers and it takes
 about as long to buy a grade as like a leaf or something. So it's not that bad for the environment,
 but it is very wasteful for helium. And so it's really an article that because helium is a precious
 commodity and we're using it up very faster than we're finding it. So this article was saying,
 "As an alternative to releasing helium balloons, environmentalists have suggested dropping non-helium
 balloons from a tall building." "Bloing bubbles or planting a tree."
 It's amazing. We are running out of helium, aren't we? I read the prices have doubled in the last 10
 years and do you know who owns 35% of the world's helium? They use most of it for MRI scans and stuff,
 don't they? Yeah, it's the USA. They've got a national helium reserve. They stockpile the huge
 amount of it because it's the second most abundant element in the universe, but on Earth it's really
 right because it just keeps floating away, basically. It's very useful for making
 as you said, "Am I right? Am I right?" Is that why we invented balloons then? To cage it.
 But then people have said that's quite cruel, and campaigners go around popping it and setting it up.
 There is a certain truth to that, I think, because one of the first people who might not have
 invented it, but one of the first people to make balloons like we know was Michael Faraday, and he was
 using it for his experiments, and it was experiments with gases and whatever, and he needed a place to keep
 the gases, so he did balloons that way. Anyway, we're going to run out of helium in 40 years if we
 keep consuming it at the right we are. Really? So, enjoy it, guys. Go nuts, while it's still cheap.
 I was reading about toys that were invented for other purposes, so silly string was invented by
 two guys called Robert Cox and Leonard Fish, and they were not trying to create silly string. They were
 trying to create a spray-on cast for broken bones or for sprays, then when they were trying the
 different nozzles that they would apply it with, they sort of created one that made it really fun,
 basically, made it move like silly string, and they thought this could be a toy, so they made an
 appointment with this company in California called WAMO, and this is from the account on Wikipedia,
 it seems very detailed on what written. Fish describes how, during that meeting, he sprayed the
 can all over the person he was meeting there, and all over his office. This person became very upset.
 And that's to believe the premises. One of the bosses of the company walked into this guy's office
 a day later, and there was a bit of it still stuck on a lampshade, and he said, "What is that?"
 and he explained, and they immediately said, "Get them back here. We have to make that into a toy."
 The use silly string in, I think, in the Iraq war to kind of find tripwires as well.
 Any, I don't know, is that drunk? Yeah, no, it does, because it's just so you can see it, it's just like,
 you're not sure where they asked you to spray the silly string, and then if it lays on something,
 you know, not to walk there. Oh, I thought, "Emen, we used the silly string."
 Because it's all just started writing home to a relative saying, can you send out some silly string?
 So, supposedly, the Army realised this would be, the American Army realised this would be a really
 good idea, and they wanted to transport it out to the troops, but apparently it can't be officially
 shipped, because it's an aerosol, and that's dangerous, which maybe, yeah, but they transport bombs
 around the place. There were 80,000 cans stockpiled in New Jersey, because apparently they just couldn't
 get it over. They've actually found someone who could ship it. Sorry, go on. I've got a test question
 actually, so you might prefer Dan's, but I'm talking now. My question is, if you line up a row of water
 balloons and you get a gun, it's a magnum, and it's a magnum where the bullets leave it a thousand miles
 an hour, and you place the magnum, nose first against the first water balloon in this long row of
 water balloons, how many balloons do you think it'll burst before the balloons stop the bullet?
 Oh wow, are we including that resist? I've just been doing the calculation here, is it?
 But it's four balloons. Oh wow. So yeah, just every time you're someone shooting at you,
 you just stand behind four water balloons. Oh yeah, exactly. That's the best armor. Why aren't police
 going into… Just dressed as giant water balloons? Okay, it's time for fact number two, and that is
 my fact. My fact this week is that you can't write in French on French computer keyboards.
 You cannot type in proper French on French computer keyboards, and the French government
 are now changing. They've said we need to change all French computer keyboards.
 It's missing the accents. It's missing very basic stuff that you would need in order to write a
 normal sentence in French, and as a result, they think that the French language is really losing
 its way amongst the younger generation who are exclusively doing it through typing.
 Well, those are all keyboards. This is actually going to be really tense from here on in,
 because I think James and I disagree on this, but our keyboards are not ideal. Some people are so…
 Right, the Quarty keyboard became the standard keyboard mistakenly. It was an accident.
 So in a normal working day for someone who's a secretary who's typing all day, for instance,
 on a Quarty keyboard, your fingers will cover 20 miles, which is amazing anyway. Very good exercise
 for your fingers. On a Quarty keyboard, they'll cover that, and on a Dvorak keyboard,
 which is the suggested replacement, they'll cover one mile typing the same stuff,
 because it's just much better laid out. So on a Quarty keyboard, all the most commonly used
 bows and consonants either on the top row or the bottom row, there's hardly any on the middle row,
 so I think 52% of strokes are on the top row, which is absurd. It's exhausting.
 If your fingers are only walking one mile a day, won't we all get fat fingers?
 And isn't that a good thing? No, it's pretty much.
 August Dvorak, who invented this keyboard that you seem to be so keen on, he died actually in 1975,
 just before he died, he said, "I'm tired of trying to do something worthwhile for the human race.
 They simply don't want to change."
 Yeah, it's people like you who wouldn't accept, for instance, the fact that the vows on a Quarty
 keyboard are distributed on both sides, which doesn't make any sense, because mostly in the English
 language, vows are followed by consonants and vice versa, so it makes a lot more sense for the vows
 or to be on one side and the consonants or to be on the other side, otherwise...
 So I'll give you some evidence.
 The highest typing speed in history was 216 words per minute, and that was done on the Quarty
 keyboard. And yet the vast majority of typing speed records have been broken by Dvorak.
 That absolute fastest was on the Quarty.
 Don't, don't you want to go for a drink or something?
 No, I'm over it, I'm over it. You don't want to change, fine.
 So 216 words per minute, that's the fastest typing speed in history.
 The fastest handwriting speed is 350 words per minute. That's done a short hand.
 Only the person who wrote it, I guess.
 And the fastest talking is 637 words per minute, and this is a British guy called Steve Woodmore,
 who you can go on YouTube and see him talking and not the standard word he's saying.
 But he kind of reads like to be on not to be that, it's a question and stuff like that and reads it
 really, really fast. If you look on his Wikipedia page, which he has, it says that he once read the
 entire United Kingdom tax code, and it took him five days to do it, and that's the fastest
 reader of all time. The gripping video, you have five days to spare.
 I know, but also on Wikipedia it says fast talking aside, Woodmore also acts as an electronic
 salesman for curries. The original Quarty keyboard, the guy who created it, Christopher
 Latham Sholes, this was in 1867, and so this was before he thought of Quarty, it only had two rows,
 and it was compared to a piano keyboard, and it only had eight numbers on it because he said,
 you should use the O and the I to be the zero and the one, so it's trying for maximum efficiency.
 So there's a thing called the Quarty effect. Have you guys seen this?
 It's where two people on either side of you have an enormous point that's around.
 The Quarty effect is much more positive than that. The Quarty effect, this is weird,
 and so people have tested this, and apparently it seems to be true, that letters types with
 your right hand are considered to be more positive than those types with your left hand.
 When they've looked into it and they found that, you know, since like keyboards have become
 regular, people with names with letters on the right hand have become more common and things
 like that, so it does seem to be in effect that people feel more positive about things
 with their right hand than with their left hand. The J for James is with the right hand,
 and the A for Anna and Andy and the D for Dan for all for the limited time.
 And the first study I saw published on this is a few years ago said that typing sad makes you miserable
 because it's left hand and typing jolly makes you happy because it's the right hand.
 Maybe it just makes you miserable because the kind of people who are typing sad and typing emails
 saying, I'm very sad. It's true because it also means that writing ace breasts,
 carefree or sex would make you sad whereas writing pooing would make you happy.
 We need to move on to the next fact. You guys go anything else? Nope.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three, and that is Andy. My fact is that Archer's at the Battle of
 Azure Core had three arrows in the air at any given moment. This was in an interview with a guy
 who's a senior Archer, and it sounds kind of impossible, but it's sort of a reflection of how
 fast the rate of fire was for a medieval longbowman. Longbow's were the things which really clenched
 the Battle of Azure Core about six feet tall, a longbow, there's taller than a lot of the people
 who would have been carrying them, and they were just incredibly powerful. So, for example,
 a medieval archer could fire at least ten arrows in a minute. Maybe even more, we're not sure,
 we're not sure, but there were 5,000 archers on the English side of the Battle of Azure Core,
 and that is, even at six arrows a minute, that's 30,000 arrows moving towards the French
 Minotowns a minute, and the big thing was, the French had to move across a very short distance,
 it was about 200 paces to get to the English line, but during that time, what has taken them about
 four minutes at least, at least 120,000 arrows would have been fired at them, maybe up to 200,000.
 They were so heavy duty to use though, weren't they, longbow's. So, they were, they were
 unbelievably effective, and it is why, at the Battle of Azure Core, the British, the English,
 with far, far fewer forces were able to defeat the French, but so heavy duty, so the draw weight,
 which is the weight equivalent of what you have to hold when you're pulling back the arrow,
 was up to 200 pounds, which is 14 stone. So, is the equivalent of lifting up a 14 stone person,
 just with your right hand, as you draw the bow and arrow. Wow. And when you look at skeleton
 of archers, you can identify them because they have elongated bones and like swollen bones in
 that arrow arm, and they have marks where they would have had the bow. So, on their wrist and their shoulder.
 So, lots of these guys, the archers, the Battle of Azure Core, who all English and Welsh,
 they were naked from the waist down. No, like Donald Duck, it's all seen. Interesting,
 Donald Duck and Fire, ten arrows in there, huge draw strength. No way. They had terrible diarrhea,
 they had dysentery. Oh yeah. It was a huge problem. They were completely exhausted before the battle.
 They'd been marching many miles a day for about a fortnight, they were in enemy territory,
 they'd won one battle, and Henry just really wanted to get them home, but he had to march around
 France a bit, so it wasn't a completely wasted journey. As in, they won the siege of Half-Flaur,
 and then he said, "Well, we could go just home immediately," but he spent a lot of time
 and money raising the funds for this war, so he sort of was embarrassed, and all the men had dysentery,
 and so they just sort of cut off their trousers and... Why didn't they just pull them down?
 I have ridden the guns like they cut them off. That's why it's bad.
 I actually read the main opponent who would have been, so obviously Henry the fifth was fighting
 on the English side, and it would have been Charles the sixth who was fighting on the French side,
 but he couldn't fight because he was a severely mentally ill, people think now he has schizophrenia,
 and he also had this thing called glass delusion where he thought he was made of glass,
 so he couldn't really move or walk very much. But one of the things that his servants had to do
 was cut his clothes off him, because he never washed, and so his clothes had hit him so much
 that eventually they kept on having to cut off his clothes. Yeah, so he, in a way, suffered an
 exactly the same way those guys in battle did without having to be there. So the place actually
 is called Azzincor, not Azzincor, isn't it? Yeah. It's a French town called Azzincor,
 and we've just kind of anglicised it. There is a battlefield museum there. It's shaped like a
 longbow, which is quite cool. It's not the first museum that was there. There was one before,
 which was quite a lot cheaper actually, and they had a model of the battle where the knights were
 made out of action-man figures. Was they naked from the waist down?
 I was looking on Wikipedia for a list of famous archers, Geoffrey.
 It's a great list of Robin Hood's honours, citation-needed, and I read a familiar name,
 so I quickly clicked into it. It's a guy called Mad Jack Churchill, who, if you don't know him,
 is the greatest World War II eccentric hero you could ever learn about. So he used to go into
 war with a longbow, sometimes a sword, and most times bagpipes. He was just an eccentric,
 and so he's, yeah, he's credited as the only person in World War II to take the longbow, amazing.
 Do you know how Henry V funded his war? In Urgent Court, the 100th his war. He crowd-funded.
 He wrote begging letters to lots of his friends and to towns, and then he also lent them royal
 jewellery and stuff, and one of the people who lent them money was Dick Wittington.
 Isn't that weird? Yeah, it was a real person Dick Wittington. He was a rich cloth merchant,
 and he'd fund it. Oh no, he wasn't.
 All right, Jen, he's behind you.
 I don't see. Yeah. So in America a couple of years ago, they had a debate in a university about whether
 Henry V should be on guilty of war crimes, because after the Battle of Aging Corps, he did, I think,
 kill a load of French prisoners, didn't he? So former US solicitor General Gregory Garry,
 who was arguing against Henry V said that he didn't have a legitimate claim to the French
 throne because he traced his claim back only six generations. And Canon Shen Mungam,
 who was arguing on the other side, just said war against France is inherently lawful.
 Okay. All right, well, let's move on to our final fact of the show, and that is Chazinski.
 Yeah, my fact this week is that right-handed marmosets are braver than left-handed marmosets.
 This is true. How? Well, various ways. So they can tell how, if marmosets are right or left-handed,
 based on what objects, what hand they choose to pick up their objects with. So you put an object
 in front of them, and if they pick up with the right hand, they're right-handed, et cetera.
 And it's about 50/50 split right and left-handed in marmosets. And it turns out the left-handed ones
 when they're faced with a predator, they freeze for longer, so they take longer to move and run away.
 They are much more cautious about sniffing out or tasting kind of new food. They have a more
 negative outlook. I don't think about the Chinese economy. So the way we know this is that they were
 trained to, they were given white bowls and black bowls, and in one colour there would be a reward,
 and in the other colour there wouldn't. And they were trained to choose the bowls with the reward,
 and to not choose the ones without the reward. And then they started giving the marmosets grey bowls.
 And the right-handed marmosets took the grey bowl. They were like, it's a lot like the white bowl.
 I'm just going to have it. It's probably got the food in it. And the left-handed marmosets didn't
 tell you, because I thought, so it looks a lot like the black bowl to me. I'm not going to. I bet it
 hasn't been in the industry. It's all self-empty and glass all full thing. Exactly! Are we all
 right-handers around this table? Oh, I'm left-handed. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. I'm terrified.
 So you are, so humans are more fearful as well if they're left-handed. Really? There's a
 higher correlation. So for instance, the way they tested this, one of the ways a bunch of studies
 have shown it, but they've showed people, silence the lambs, the film. And then they questioned
 them afterwards about certain scenes and asked them to recount certain scenes. And the left-handed
 people stammered and started and freaked out and screamed as they were recounting scenes.
 You've seen that movie, aren't you? No, I've heard scenes.
 The sound of music was on the other side.
 But you say, I'm biscuit of that. It's not music.
 Isn't it the case that the world is just better equipped in sort of our technology and so on
 for right-handed people? Yeah. So anyone in a situation volunteering, who will play this guitar?
 Most likely it's a right-handed guitar. Who might want to play this guitar? Where's Andrew?
 He might like, I just can't play this guitar. Who will cut this paper with these scissors?
 I'll cut this paper with these because they will be right-handed scissors. Like, surely, we
 volunteer for more stuff as right-handed people. That's very good theory. You should take it to
 the theorizers. So the Roman poet Horace, when he made a mistake, he wrote "Ego Liveus", which we
 translate as silly me, it actually means "left-handed me". Oh, really? Yeah, there's a long history of this
 stuff. Yeah, people don't like left-handed people. We don't have a stand for it in that way, well.
 It's terrifying. That's amazing about Mama Says. Yeah, it's really cool. I mean, and we think it
 extrapolates to humans. But Mama Says are great. So one thing they've learned to do is learn from
 instructional videos. A Mama Says was taught how to extract an object that it wanted from a box,
 though, you know, a well-loct box. And then it was filmed extracting that object once it had been
 taught to do that. And then the film of the Mama Says doing that was placed in a room or a case,
 or whatever, with other Mama Says. And the Mama Says watched the film, and then they were given
 the box, and they imitated what happened in the film. Which is quite cool. Given that my cats don't
 know their own reflection. So, I'm just thinking, I bet there's people listening at home who didn't
 know what Mama Says are. And you've just got 10 minutes talking about them. Are they mamas or are they
 mamas? I don't know, but they're mamas. Yeah, mamas says, you love them when you hate them, yeah. Yeah. We've got
 prejudices to this for earlier, actually. The little tiny monkeys that live in South America aren't they?
 They don't have wisdom teeth. That's one thing about them. They're the only primates with like tactile
 hairs that can kind of feel things. They have them on the wrists. They go into topper every day when
 the sun is hotter, so they kind of fall asleep, like have a siesta every day when it gets really hot,
 like Spanish people. Oh, cool. And they're the only primates apart from humans where you can stare
 into their eyes, and they won't think you'll be in aggressive. They also, I read a new report about
 finding about them, is that their parents teach them not to interrupt them when they're talking. Yeah,
 it's a thing. So, basically, if you ever hear Mama Says talking to each other, they don't interrupt
 each other. Well, actually, this is an interesting thing. Yeah, they do a thing, and they actually train
 their children to not talk over them. If the child talks over them, they'll give them the silent
 treatment. So, every Mama said conversation is really civilised. Although, they are, so they've
 been compared to humans, because they are like that with conversation. They do what humans do,
 which is if one of them starts talking faster or making, and it's cool a bit quicker,
 then the other one will imitate, as we do in conversation. But they don't interrupt each other.
 They do leave five to six second pauses after one Mama said has spoken before they speak,
 which I think is not as sophisticated as humans, where we are capable of when I stop talking,
 presumably, it will not be an awkward six second pause before somebody else speaks.
 No, certainly not. All right, let's wrap it up on that. Thank you so much, guys, for listening. That's
 all of our facts. If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said
 over the course of this podcast, we can be found on Twitter. I'm on @Sriberland, James, @XShakesAndy,
 @AndrewKontaM, Chazinski. You can email podcast@ky.com. Yeah, or you can go to our websites.
 No such thing as a fish.com. We've got all of our previous episodes up there. Thank you so much
 for listening at home. Thank you all here for listening to this here. And let's see you again next week.
 Goodbye!
 [Music]
