 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 Now, once again, we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that US Marines
 are considered to be so stupid
 that members of the other armed forces
 called them crayon eaters.
 This year, a Marine has invented an actual edible crayon.
 Now, does that prove the Marines are not stupid?
 - I think so.
 - Or does it prove that they are,
 and that they haven't understood the joke?
 - This guy, he's invented something.
 So that makes you smart, doesn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - Does it draw?
 It actually draws like a crayon.
 It's not just an edible stick.
 - Of course it does draw.
 - He might have just taken a pepper army
 and shoved a nib in it.
 Does that count as a crayon, a pepper army?
 I mean, I suppose if you smeared it on the wall,
 you could get some kind of drawing out of it.
 (laughing)
 No, so this is a guy called Frank Manto,
 and it was both him and his business partner
 who's called Cassandra Gordon.
 And they decided in 2017,
 having heard of this thing about being called crayon eaters,
 that they would decide to come up with a edible crayon.
 And they've got these things called crayons ready to eat,
 and they taste like delicious vanilla flavored chocolate.
 And anyone can eat them.
 Don't give them to your pets,
 'cause I think they have some chocolate in them,
 and pets aren't allowed to chocolate.
 And actually this guy called Frank Manto,
 he was using some crayons to color in a project once
 when he was at a high school.
 And not when he was at high school,
 he was kind of--
 - I was gonna say,
 I mean he's got a lot of Marines reputation here.
 - And what happened was he put a crayon in his mouth,
 like to kind of, because he only had two hands
 and he needed to hold one, so he put it in his mouth.
 And that was when he realized, wait a minute,
 are there any edible crayons, actually?
 And so then he got in touch with this lady called Cassandra,
 who's a pastry chef, and she helped design this new product.
 - I bet that when he put the crayon in his mouth,
 immediately a Marines recruiting officer
 took Cassandra out the door and said,
 you, you're the kind of guy we need.
 (laughing)
 - So they're currently trying to crowdfund the crayons
 in order to go out these new edible crayons.
 So if anyone wants to check it out,
 it's crayonsreadytoeat.com,
 and they're looking to get $75,000.
 At the moment, they've got $5,750 as of recording,
 but you can go to their shop and buy a t-shirt.
 So that is available right now.
 - Is it an edible t-shirt?
 - It is not an edible t-shirt.
 (laughing)
 - It would be a real shame if today,
 the day that we are doing a comic relief marathon,
 asking people to donate money to the best causes in the world,
 if actually all of their funds were redirected
 to fund this edible crayon.
 (laughing)
 - I just wanna say, if you have to choose one,
 just think really carefully.
 - Okay, look, comic relief for trying to feed the world,
 don't they, huh?
 Better to do that than to send a lot of edible crayons
 everywhere.
 (laughing)
 - James, is it a pun on meals ready to eat?
 'Cause that's what they call their US military supplies,
 isn't it, MREs?
 That's the kind of-
 - It is.
 - The meal rations you get in the field.
 - To be honest, I didn't know about that,
 but now you said it, I mean, it definitely is, isn't it?
 - Must be, yeah.
 It's even in the same packaging style, Andy.
 So it's like a ground bag, yeah.
 It's got the font on it.
 - And it's the idea that they'd be given
 to children or to Marines,
 because obviously children tend to use crayons more,
 but Marines might need emergency supplies in the field.
 - They're not supposed to be emergency supplies,
 I don't think.
 I don't think you replace them with the usual crayons
 that Marines take in the field.
 (laughing)
 - It's very boring, a lot of it is waiting around,
 but they've got to have something to entertain them.
 - Yeah, it's a funny product, like a-
 - I like it.
 - Okay, I love it.
 - It's an annual face to the abusers, right?
 To the insiders.
 - Yeah, exactly, why do they call Marines crayon eaters?
 It's like, this is quite a new thing.
 The interview with Frank Manto that I saw,
 he said that when he was in the Marine Corps,
 they never called them crayon eaters.
 That was until 2002.
 They said they were known as jar heads, grunts,
 ground pounders, bullet sponges,
 but they were never known as crayon eaters.
 And I can only think, looking at those dates,
 that it's due to Ralph from The Simpsons,
 who was a regular crayon eater,
 and famously supposed to be a bit dumb
 that they must have taken that, it must be.
 - You're so right, yeah.
 There was a blog from another Marine
 about that nickname, Railing Against It,
 not 'cause it's insulting, but because it's just so shit.
 And I couldn't tell if it was like
 the Lady Doth Protest too much,
 but it started out him saying,
 you know, we always make fun of each other in the military,
 so we call the Air Force, the Chair Force, very funny.
 Coast Guard are puddle pirates.
 The list goes on, apparently, but he didn't.
 He didn't.
 But then he said that crayon eaters is just super lame.
 Do you think that something as lame as crayon eater
 is gonna offend a member of a tribe
 whose trainees are taught to yell kill during training?
 - Yeah, well, he makes a point.
 - Well, he makes a point, but I think like you say,
 he makes it a bit too strongly, doesn't he?
 - The article is very, very funny.
 Just a couple of extracts, it's bullet point.
 It's like point one, first off, it's just kind of weak.
 Maybe we're just too dumb to understand the insult here,
 but quite frankly, it sucks, it's lame.
 It's no better than a kindergarten insult.
 You might as well say, you poop your pants,
 at least there's some truth to that for the Marines.
 I mean, it's really--
 - I mean, that seems to be a self, oh, there, doesn't it?
 At least we shit ourselves.
 - Should we be calling them punts poopers instead?
 - You're right, he's shot himself in the foot
 with that article, it's just more ammunition.
 He shot himself in the pants.
 - It doesn't seem like they had a tremendous reputation
 before if they were known as jarheads, grunts,
 and bullets bungers.
 It's not as though the fine nickname they had before
 has taken a backer.
 - I reckon they probably like ground pounders
 'cause that implies running, you know,
 you know, strong runners, maybe.
 - That's true.
 - Bullet bungers makes you sound pretty damn hardcore.
 - Yeah.
 - Yes, that's true.
 - I guess so.
 - Or more like just people who have disposable in war.
 - That's what it sounds like to me.
 - It sounds other.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Do you know, if you have chewed off a bunch of crayon,
 but you've left some over, do you know what those are called?
 Those tiny little bits at the end that are sort of useless?
 - No, I don't know that.
 - They're called left-olars.
 - Left-olars.
 - Yeah, left-olars are very important
 because they can be collected and remoulded
 into new crayons, and that's a project
 that a guy called Brian Ware was doing.
 So for hospitals in the US, he would collect
 all the endings, all those tiny little bits at the end,
 and he has a new mold, and he would pour it in,
 he would melt it up, and he would remould crayons,
 and they go to hospitals for free.
 So that's pretty cool.
 - God, I mean, I know hospital food is shit generally,
 but that is a bit beyond the pale, isn't it?
 That's their offering.
 - What was the name of that, the little end bits done?
 Did you say?
 - Left-olars.
 - Left-olars, and that probably comes
 from the ola of crayola, right?
 - That's right.
 - So the name crayola, right?
 I think this is amazing.
 The etymology of this word, it's so ridiculous.
 It was coined by Alice Binney,
 who was the wife of Edwin Binney.
 These two people kind of started the crayola company,
 and she got the word from the French word cray,
 meaning a stick of chalk,
 and the English word oleaginous, meaning oily.
 So it means oily chalk, but I just love that.
 I mean, oleaginous is such an unusual word
 to just think, well, I'm gonna make a kid's plaything
 out of this word.
 - It's a stupid name.
 It's neither chalk nor oily, and in fact,
 the whole point of crayons, crayola crayons,
 is that it was the first type of crayon to not use oil.
 It used wax instead.
 So it does seem bizarre to me to then give it the oil name.
 - It's not oleaginous.
 - Well, exactly.
 - But the Binney family in general,
 they made, obviously they made millions out of crayons,
 and the really nice thing is what the money was spent on,
 because in 1986, the San Diego Museum of Art
 got a world-class collection of art bequeathed to them,
 and that was the result of the Binney family millions.
 I think it was Edwin Binney III, who must have been,
 I guess, grandson of the original Edwin Binney,
 he had bought this wonderful art collection.
 So crayons paid for a world-class art collection,
 which I think is a very nice--
 - That's all the arts are made of crayons, so.
 - Yeah, it was only crayon art.
 It was really, no, I can't remember exactly what was in it,
 but it was really good stuff.
 - Although people used to paint with proper crayons.
 - That's right, yeah.
 Would you know 2012, up until 2012,
 the most expensive painting ever sold at auction
 was done by crayon, or rather pastels,
 but you know, the same thing really.
 I know there's an oil and wax slight difference to it,
 but--
 - Yeah, and also reputationally,
 if you say I've done a lovely pastel drawing,
 then people think, oh, you must really know what you're doing.
 If you say I've done a lovely crayon piece,
 they think, five.
 - Interesting though, fruit pastels,
 began as a painting tool that tasted like fruit.
 - Oh, God, poor guy, it's already been invented.
 We should tell him, mate, they've done it.
 The fruit pastels.
 The painting, by the way, was "The Scream" by Edvard Munch.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - He did one, yeah, 'cause he did a bunch of versions
 of "The Scream" and one of them was on cardboard,
 and it was done with these crayon-y pastels,
 and that sold for something like 119 million at the time.
 It's now 23rd in the list
 of the most expensive pieces of art
 that have ever been sold with a da Vinci right at the top.
 But yeah.
 - And also his name, Edvard Munch,
 comes from the fact that he used to eat his drawing equipment
 as soon as he was done, didn't he?
 - Yeah.
 - Crayola Vigurd at PR, I would say,
 as a company, when then latest new color,
 "Blootiful" came to be.
 The company said it beat four other finalists,
 so the other finalists were, "Dreams come blue,
 "blue moon bliss, reach for the stars,
 "star-spangled blue," they're the four that it beat.
 And they said that the company chose "Blootiful"
 from over 90,000 unique submissions.
 Someone read through 90,000 names,
 and then there were 400,000 votes to decide the winner.
 - It's insane that you could have 90,000 unique names
 when the public have no ability
 to think of anything new, do they?
 Basically, if they've got 90,000 unique ones,
 then think of all the people who said "bluey blue face,"
 and add that to that number, and you're in the millions.
 - So I think they can't have meant unique names.
 They must have meant unique submissions from people.
 Some people must have been coming up with the same ones.
 - They must have been.
 - There aren't 90,000 sounds in the world.
 (laughing)
 - But yeah, there's not 90,000 puns with the word "blue,"
 and that's for sure.
 - Even you couldn't generate.
 - No, but they probably just had people just sausage stick,
 you know, it's probably just random submissions.
 - 90,000 is a lot of people.
 That's really so many to be part of the base name.
 - It's kids, isn't it?
 It'd be schools that they're all submitting
 around America, I think it is.
 - But it's crazy.
 I was looking through, I read this amazing site
 that I wanna give a shout out to,
 which is Jenny's crayon collection site,
 and a woman called Jenny has gone through and cataloged
 every single crayon that's ever been and ever been retired.
 I read through all the colors, obviously,
 and they prioritized bizarre things.
 So the initial ones are really obvious,
 like red, yellow, blue, brown,
 but by the time you're in the 32 crayon box,
 you're getting Timber Wolf as a color.
 In the 48 box, you've got macaroni and cheese as a color,
 and yet maroon and navy blue,
 you don't get them to the 96 box.
 - Really?
 Wow, people in the navy must feel very bad about that.
 - Yeah, those puddle pirates.
 So, but one other thing about that,
 the color changes is the famous thing
 when they changed the flesh color.
 So it used to be that Crayola had this color,
 which was flesh, which was very much the same color
 as a white person's skin,
 but obviously that is extremely unwoken,
 not the right thing to do.
 And there was a woman called June Handler.
 She was a scientist, and she realized
 that when she was observing children,
 they would often bully each other,
 like the white kids would bully the non-white kids
 by saying you don't have any flesh
 because you don't have the same color skin as this crayon.
 She wrote to Crayola, and Crayola, to their credit,
 very, very quickly changed it, changed the color to peach.
 And now they have a colors of the world crayons
 where you can, basically it's all the different skin type
 colors that you can get in one pack.
 It's pretty cool, isn't it?
 - Yeah, good on you, Crayola.
 Yeah.
 - Oh, good at PR.
 I'm telling you.
 - Did you read the list of internet crayons
 that Crayola released in the 1990s?
 I mean, it's just the same colors all over again,
 but they were called things like
 web surfing blue, circuit board green,
 green dot com, just another green,
 online orange, and my favorite, floppy yellow.
 - Oh, really?
 Floppy yellow, that used to be my nickname at school,
 but I don't know why they called me that
 'cause I used to ship myself all the time.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the London Metropolitan Police
 used to have a van called teapot one exclusively
 to deliver cups of tea to officers stuck
 at the scene of a crime.
 - Wow, that's awesome.
 - Yeah, so this sadly, I believe that teapot one
 and it's brother or sister teapot two
 are now decommissioned tragically,
 they're no longer running,
 and it's a shame because teapot one was this,
 it looked kind of like a burger van that went around,
 but it had also the sort of regalia
 of a classic police car,
 and on the very front of it,
 written in capitals was teapot one,
 and it would be called for, say example,
 if police were called to an area
 where they thought maybe a protest was,
 or if there was a big festival
 and they needed police on standby the whole time,
 this was the catering truck that would come by
 and top them up with tea,
 there would be other things like coffees
 and sandwiches and so on,
 but it was known as teapot one.
 - Am I correct in thinking that behind teapot one,
 you would also get the milk motorbike,
 and that would bring the milk in the sidecar.
 - And you have the sugar scooter behind that, didn't you?
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, so it was basically the government privatized
 the catering of the Met Police after that
 and put it out to tender.
 So this was the Met Police's own thing that they had,
 but then the government said,
 "No, we'll be able to make it more efficient
 if we put it out to other companies."
 - If you ever want an argument against privatization,
 the end of teapot one, is it?
 - Well, I read one vlog about it where they said,
 "Let's be honest, in the main, the food was shit."
 But that's not the issue here.
 (laughing)
 Who else could give you a frozen pork pie,
 a sandwich, an apple, and a cup of hot gray water
 at four o'clock in the morning and do it all with a smile.
 So it's one of these things where everyone knew
 it was terrible, but it was their thing,
 and that's why they were upset about it.
 - That is such a shame.
 When teapot was written across the front of it down,
 was it written backwards so that if you were in a car
 and it was going up with its sirens behind you, you could see?
 - And the siren was the kettle just whistling.
 (laughing)
 - I think from the photo that I've seen,
 unless they've reversed the photo,
 it looks like it was a normal reading
 for if you were standing in front of it,
 so the correct way.
 So before teapot one existed officially
 on the front of a van, it used to just be a call sign.
 So police have all sorts of different call signs
 for if they need certain types of units to come in.
 So if there's rioting going on
 and they have a van full of riot police,
 that call sign might be gold or silver,
 and they would know, okay, we need to send that van in.
 - It's good that they're quite different, isn't it?
 You don't want to accidentally send the tea lady in.
 - Especially, James, if you say, right,
 we need to kettle everybody at this point.
 Get the teapot!
 (laughing)
 - So I actually spoke to a former police officer to ask,
 do you know anything about where this came from?
 And by an astonishing coincidence,
 the person I spoke to is the person
 who may have generated the call sign teapot one.
 His name is Stephen Colgan, he's a buddy of ours.
 He is a former QIL, he's been on the show before.
 And he told me that at the time when the call sign came out,
 he was an instructor at Met's Telecom and Wireless School.
 And one day, he created a temporary call sign,
 teapot one, for the catering van.
 And it started getting used and started, it got stuck.
 And his colleagues started doing the same.
 And then a second van came, which was teapot two.
 He says it's quite possible
 that he wasn't the very first to use it,
 but he can't find any instances before
 where anyone had done that.
 And it was years after he left the police
 that it became the call sign so much
 that they eventually turned it into the van itself.
 - Wicked.
 - I was on a Reddit thread,
 which asked a question that everyone's probably wondering,
 which is, is it appropriate to offer police officers tea
 or coffee if they're outside on your property?
 Which, so most answers were from American people saying,
 this is the most British question I've ever heard being asked.
 And not only are you offering the police tea,
 but you're asking if that's polite to do it.
 But the answer seems to be from various police officers
 who responded, they love tea, always right to offer.
 Please don't be offended if we turn it down.
 Sometimes we're busy, even if we don't look busy.
 But also there are some instances
 where it may be considered a bribe.
 And so they are going to be obliged to turn it down.
 - I was told, I was told when I worked in a hotel
 that when the police came for our regular fights
 and things that we had to call them for,
 that we weren't allowed to give them tea or biscuits
 or anything like that.
 We were told we weren't allowed to
 because it was counted as a bribe.
 And that was by the police.
 But we still would ask them all the time
 because it's just polite, isn't it?
 It was like a cup of tea.
 But then probably about half of them would say,
 no, we're not allowed.
 And then the other half would say, oh yeah, go on then.
 And there was one time that I was working behind the bar
 and there was a massive fight,
 like a really, really massive fight going on.
 And we called the police.
 We kind of put all the shutters down and stuff.
 And then eventually the police came.
 I'll never forget it.
 We gave him a cup of tea and he had like four massive guys
 who he was kind of corraling out of the building
 with a cup of tea on the saucer,
 with a biscuit on the saucer all the way through.
 And he didn't spill a single drop.
 It was one of the greatest things I've ever seen.
 - No, that's amazing. - Badass.
 - I did spot that the St. John Ambulance Twitter
 does say as of 28th of June, 2020,
 that they have a vehicle called the teapot,
 which seems to still be running.
 And that is used to deliver refreshments
 to hospital staff and medics and volunteers, so on.
 So it is possible that despite the police teapot one
 being down, we still might have a teapot on the road,
 helping out hospital staff.
 - Thank God, as long as Britain has a teapot vehicle
 on the road somewhere.
 - Hey, like tea is very important to our country, Anna.
 It's like what we were built on.
 Absolutely.
 - That's like the crows of Tower of London.
 If there's not a teapot van on the streets of London,
 England will fall.
 - In wartime, especially,
 we get very possessive about tea.
 In the Second World War, I don't think we've mentioned that.
 Well, first of all, once the Blitz came,
 all British tea stock was moved out of London.
 And it was dispersed through the country
 to 500 different locations.
 - Whoa, 500?
 - That's, you're really making sure.
 They can't get all 500.
 But also in 1942, Britain bought up
 the world's entire supply of black tea.
 This is how much we realised we needed it
 to get through the war.
 It was all the tea on the European market.
 And it was largely for the North Africa desert campaigns,
 because apparently all their water
 was transported in fuel containers.
 So it tasted like oil.
 So the only drink they would drink was tea.
 But yeah, they bought up all the tea, pretty much available.
 - That's so funny. - To Europe.
 The Suffragette movement, tea was very important in that.
 There was a suffragette called Patricia Hall,
 who once said that the promise of a cup of tea
 was a great inducement to get women to come to meetings.
 And also a lot of the tea rooms in London
 was where they would meet.
 So there was one in particular on Oxford Street
 called Allen's Tea Rooms,
 where a lot of the early suffragette plans got made.
 And this was run by a guy called Allen Liddle.
 But Allen Liddle was actually a pseudonym
 for the person who actually run it,
 who was called Marguerite Liddle.
 And her middle name was Allen.
 So she called it Allen's Tea Rooms after her middle name,
 'cause she was called Marguerite Allen Liddle.
 And I can't work out whether the Allen
 as a middle name was fake completely,
 or whether just by coincidence,
 she had a male-sounding middle name,
 and she could use it for this tea shop.
 But yeah.
 - That's hilarious.
 - Was this sort of like how female authors
 in the 19th century had to have male pseudonyms?
 Was it like you weren't allowed to establish a tea room
 unless you were a male?
 - I think it was like to stop people from worrying
 that this was a place where women were gonna hang out.
 Because Helen Gordon Liddle was one of the people
 who went to Marguerite's Tea Room,
 and she was one of the very famous kind of suffragettes
 who wrote a book about, I think, about force feeding.
 I think it was like the first account of women
 being force fed in prisons and stuff.
 So yeah.
 - So they went on to found Liddle, didn't they?
 - Liddle, yeah.
 - Yeah, pretty good.
 Do you guys know who invented tea?
 - God? - What?
 - So close, so close, it was Buddha.
 Yeah.
 There's an Indian legend that Buddha went to China,
 and when he was there, he said, right,
 I'm gonna meditate for nine years now, okay?
 He thought he was in for a long meditation,
 but he fell asleep.
 And when he woke up from his nice sleep,
 halfway through his nine years of meditating,
 he was so annoyed at his own weakness
 that he cut off his own eyelids,
 and he chucked them on the ground.
 And where they fell, a tree with eyelid-shaped leaves
 sprang up in its place,
 and that was the first ever tea tree.
 - Oh, wow, I've never heard that.
 - Citation needed, but still, it's a nice story.
 - Yeah.
 - Tea pots, original tea pots came from China,
 where tea came from,
 and they became popular in the Ming dynasty,
 but apparently, I read one source that said
 the Chinese people would carry them around with them
 and just drink straight from the nozzle,
 which kind of sounds like that.
 - That does make, well, it would burn,
 wouldn't it, if it was too hot?
 I think that's the only thing that stops me from doing it,
 is that I'm worried that I've burned my mouth.
 - Your lips are gonna blister.
 - And was it known as the nozzle back in the day?
 (laughing)
 - I'll be honest, in ancient China,
 I don't think they even called it a spout,
 I mean, they probably had their own word for it.
 - You're right, right.
 - I don't think nozzle is a Mandarin etymology.
 - I read that on a lot of ships,
 so sort of military ships,
 that the tea pots you get there, they are cube shaped.
 - Are they?
 - Yeah, they're rolling around and stuff.
 - Exactly, yeah, the cube tea pots.
 So it's, yeah, it's just a really cool tea pot shape.
 It's, sorry, cube shape.
 It was invented by a guy called Robert Crawford Johnson.
 And it's still going, like it's a big cube tea pot's limited,
 it's a big thing.
 It's easy for storage as well, 'cause you can pack them up,
 you know, like those square watermelons that you get.
 - Yeah, but the nozzle's gonna get in the way,
 but I do see that point.
 But it's quite hard to make square ceramics, isn't it?
 It's like, 'cause you have the joints
 are really, really difficult to make them watertight.
 - Yeah, interestingly, it does not have a nozzle.
 - Which is interesting, which is why you can pack it, yeah.
 - Does it have a handle?
 - It does have a handle, yeah.
 - 'Cause I was gonna say,
 it's like I'm a little cubic tea pot, shorted out.
 I don't have an handle and I don't have a nozzle.
 (laughing)
 - So it's just, it sounds like they're boxes.
 - Yeah, it's a cardboard box.
 (laughing)
 - And you write teapot on the side in crayon,
 hung it on the ship, give it to the Marines.
 - They'll know what to do with it.
 (laughing)
 - Do you know that the oldest petrol station in America
 is shaped like a teapot?
 - No.
 - So, this is at least claimed to be
 the oldest petrol station in the country.
 It's in Zilla, which is in Washington state,
 and it opened in around 1920s, '21, '22, something like that.
 And the reason it's shaped like a teapot
 is it's based on the teapot dome scandal,
 which was a bribery scandal
 during the presidency of Warren Harding.
 And there was an oil field
 that was known as the teapot dome oil field,
 and someone had been paying to get their hands
 on this oil field.
 And the teapot dome oil field was named
 after a teapot-shaped rock,
 which was in the middle of the field.
 (laughing)
 And then that became the name of the scandal,
 which became the name of the first petrol station.
 - Amazing. - Weird.
 - You wouldn't guess a teapot-shaped petrol station
 was associated with mass government corruption.
 So that was what it was nodding towards.
 You'd think they probably sell tea.
 - Yeah, they probably built it thinking,
 "Oh, this'll be one in the eye for the government, won't it?"
 Everyone will see this for hundreds of years,
 and the first thing they'll think
 is what an arsehole Warren Harding was,
 but actually what everyone thinks is,
 "Oh, that looks like a teapot."
 - Sorry, do they call the nozzle the spout?
 - Spout, yeah. (laughing)
 - I know a completely random thing about Zilla,
 just to chuck in this very small town,
 which is that they've got a church there,
 the Church of God in Zilla,
 and they have a giant 10-foot tall T-Rex out the front of it,
 or they used to, which is dubbed
 and known to the locals as Godzilla.
 - Oh, no way.
 - Yeah, and so it's become an attraction.
 You go and see Godzilla at the Church of God.
 - And what kind of corruption was that a metaphor for?
 (laughing)
 It was a lizard selling scandal
 in the presidency of Taft.
 - It's quite confusing, 'cause Godzilla, am I right,
 is not a T-Rex.
 - Yep, you're raising a very obvious point.
 (laughing)
 - Outch. - Yeah, very obvious.
 - Fine. - I'm saying what I mean
 is everyone was thinking it.
 - I speak for the people when I say,
 I wonder what happened to the Teasmaid.
 Does anyone else ever wonder that?
 - Sorry.
 - You know the Teasmaids that our parents reminisce about?
 - 2016 by the Metropolitan Police
 when they decided to outsource the--
 - That's the other--
 - I don't know what a Teasmaid is.
 - So a Teasmaid was what,
 it's like a little thing that you have
 on the side of your bed that not only is the alarm clock,
 but it also makes your cup of tea in the morning.
 - Yeah, it's the thing that makes your tea.
 Everyone sort of had them in the '50s, '60s, '70s.
 - Wow, that's right. - And the first ones
 were actually in 1891.
 The first one was made.
 It was called the Early Rises Friend.
 And it was basically an alarm clock.
 But apparently in the description of the patent,
 you replace the spring of the clock with cat gut.
 And when the alarm vibrated, the cat gut struck a match.
 So it like pulled a match, it struck against the surface,
 which lit some, you know, a bit of wick,
 oiled wick, which boiled water.
 And then the boiled water would tip itself
 into a cup of tea.
 It sounds a little bit like,
 I don't know if any of you guys ever played Mousetrap
 as kids, you know, that thing that just never works.
 - Yeah, sounds like an OK Go video.
 It's like a heat-robbing machine or whatever they're called.
 - We've all found a reference that fits us,
 apart from Anna here, so.
 - Anna said Anna had Mousetrap.
 - Mousetrap, Mousetrap. - OK, sorry.
 - Yeah, I don't recall hearing anything from you, Andy.
 You've been particularly silent for references on this one.
 - Oh, dear.
 - Agree with the rest of us, haven't you,
 in this big old reference off.
 (laughing)
 But anyway, tea's made about a quarter of households
 had them in the '70s.
 And I've always wanted one.
 And they were ruined according to various articles
 in the early '90s by Norma Major.
 So, Norma Major in an interview, as in John Major.
 - Can you just say who, yeah, yeah.
 - Sorry, yes.
 Just for international or younger listeners,
 Norma Major was John Major,
 Prime Minister John Major's wife.
 And she said in an interview that her tea's made
 was the pride and joy of her bedroom
 and almost immediately sales of tea's made plummeted so far.
 - I've gotta say, that's a bit of a slam on John Major
 to say that your tea's made is the pride
 and joy of your bedroom.
 (laughing)
 - He was normally downstairs enjoying a curry.
 - Hey, good luck getting that one international listener.
 (laughing)
 - Google it, and then you'll have a good old laugh.
 - It's very funny.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that the ninth longest running
 British soap ever was designed exclusively to sell soap.
 - Nice.
 - And you mean soap, when I first read this fact,
 I genuinely forgot the other meaning of the word soap.
 So I just thought you meant a bar of soap.
 The ninth longest running bar of soap
 was designed to sell soap.
 And I thought, of course it bloody was.
 (laughing)
 - Great point, very good point.
 I do mean a soap opera, yeah.
 So this is a spin-off,
 'cause last week we were talking about laundry.
 And afterwards, I just,
 I remembered that we'd spoken about Dazz briefly
 in the recording and I started reading about Dazz.
 And I found out that for 18 years from 2002 to '19,
 inclusive, they had a soap opera,
 which was in advert form, which was about Dazz.
 And they got soap opera stars to be in the Dazz adverts
 in similar roles to in the actual soaps they were in.
 It's basically, you know, the Marvel Cinematic Universe,
 where everyone kind of meets all these characters
 from all over the place.
 This is like that, 'cause they've got people from Corey,
 EastEnders, Brookside, Hollyoaks,
 they're all in the same world mingling
 and interacting with each other.
 It's very much the most ambitious crossover
 in television history, isn't it?
 - It is, it absolutely is.
 It's called Cleaner Close.
 - Does it count as a soap opera
 if it's actually an advert or not?
 - Well, what a great point, James.
 And what a time to raise it.
 The Wikipedia on it reports that episodes have a character
 who does not use Dazz, which causes them problems,
 which are solved by a character who uses Dazz.
 So, I mean, I don't think anyone was waiting,
 tuning in each week.
 It wasn't like it ran for a thousand episodes or anything.
 - Well, you'd only get like a couple of episodes a year,
 wouldn't you, 'cause they'd rerun the adverts and stuff.
 - Exactly, yeah.
 But fortunately, I don't think that is the dividing line
 between soap and non-soap.
 And so I'm claiming that this is long-running soap.
 - And what do they do in the ad breaks of the Dazz soap?
 - They have extremely short ad breaks in those,
 where they actually sell Purcell with another ad.
 - So it's like a little Russian doll of soap operas.
 How come we've never seen this?
 I've never seen this.
 - I know it quite well, yeah.
 - Yeah, I've never seen it.
 - A lot of people who listen to this podcast
 will be very familiar with this advertising campaign,
 or I can clean a close.
 - More people will have known it
 than will have read Annika Rennerna.
 We're not gonna spoil her either this week, but,
 but it's really pleasing,
 'cause this is back to the original days of soap operas,
 which were sponsored by soap companies, soap manufacturers.
 The very first ever soap opera, which started in 1930,
 was sponsored by Parmoliv,
 who wanted ads for their super suds attached.
 And the reasoning was these are for women working at home,
 housewives, and what are they like?
 Well, they probably like soap.
 So let's try and sell them soap while they listen
 and are at home.
 - Do you know how Parmoliv got the name just as an aside?
 - No.
 - I think you can guess probably.
 - All right.
 - Was it founded by a woman called Olive,
 who had huge, sweaty palms.
 (laughing)
 Always needed to wash them.
 - Yeah, it's a good guess.
 I reckon the people at home might have worked it out already,
 but the two oils that it was made from
 were Parmol and Olive Oil.
 - Oh yeah, that makes more sense than the hand thing.
 - Yeah, that makes more sense, I'd like to say.
 Just different, truer.
 - But people hated soaps from the start, right?
 There was never a heyday where soaps were considered
 a high culture thing.
 They were railed against from that early 1930s.
 They were 15 minutes long and most newspaper articles
 when they write about them say basically about four to five
 of those 15 minutes of these blimmin' adverts,
 all of which start with, as you say, Andy,
 ladies, have you tried XYZ?
 And they were sometimes called washboard weepers.
 That was an alternative name for soaps in the '40s.
 - But I think really it was snobbishness, wasn't it?
 And also the fact that they were aimed towards women
 and often made by women.
 So like one of the real first amazing writers
 for soap operas was someone called Anna Phillips.
 And she was incredibly, incredible writer.
 She wrote two million words a year at her best.
 - And she was often suggesting new colours
 for the Crayola Company, wasn't she?
 - Yes.
 - A lot of her were lounges.
 - She invented things like the cliffhanger ending.
 That was her idea.
 But she was kind of the queen of soap operas
 in the early, early days in the '30s.
 - Yeah, she had a show which was called Painted Dreams,
 which was the very first one that she did.
 So that started airing in 1930.
 And she was asked, can you come up with a daily show
 that would show the sort of home life of people?
 And as you say, it was sort of treated like,
 "Ugh, what is this lowbrow nonsense?"
 But actually, for the time, it was 1930,
 the characters that she created
 were incredibly strong women on the show.
 And there were virtually no regular male characters
 in it whatsoever.
 So she really pushed forward this idea
 that women were more than what society was saying they were,
 that they were much more, they were cleverer,
 they were more ambitious.
 And so that was sort of like a beautiful,
 little secret movement to push women's rights.
 - Yeah.
 - But it must have made a difference
 because they were so popular straight away, weren't they?
 I think by like the, it started in 1930,
 by 1940, 92% of programs on the radio were soaps, basically.
 It was like 25 of the 30 top-rated programs were soaps.
 So maybe they are the cause of women's lip.
 - Well, they did have a lot to say for society
 because the person who came after Ernest Phillips
 was Agnes Nixon.
 So she was in the '50s and '60s.
 She was like the successor of Ernest Phillips.
 And she not only wrote very strong characters,
 but she also wrote about a lot of societal problems.
 You know, these days, when you're so proper,
 she'll have lots of, you know,
 echoing the problems of society, they'll do that.
 And she was really the first one who decided to do that.
 And there was one time where one of her characters
 had cervical cancer and they found it through a smear test.
 And that really was the time that the taboo over smear tests
 really kind of was, obviously it's still there a little bit,
 but it was like, it was completely taboo before that.
 And this really made a massive difference
 and loads more women got tested after that.
 - That's very cool. - That was in 1962.
 - Wow, didn't know they had smear tests back then.
 - Yeah, early days.
 - Another thing that Ernest Phillips innovated
 in the soap field was having an organ player.
 And most soaps then just had an organ player
 as part of the regular employees
 whose job was just to give a "da da da da da da"
 in between scenes. - Did they do that?
 - I don't know if they played that specific piece,
 but they did have, you know.
 - There's TV shows in Australia,
 the soaps like Home and Away and Neighbours are quite famous
 for giving us a lot of big stars that are now,
 you know, Kylie Minot and so on,
 sort of all got, you know, cut their teeth on that show.
 And I didn't really-- - Sorry.
 - Kylie is massive.
 - Yeah, she's also has said I was the dog.
 She's so big that most of us know what her surname is.
 - Minot, guys. - Minot.
 Like the fish, the small fish.
 She's literally not a Minot.
 She's a big fish. - Kylie Minot.
 - She is quite petite though.
 - I have been saying Minot my whole life.
 - Well, she nicknamed,
 that would have been a good nickname for her at school
 'cause she was, she's so petite.
 - For all I know, she was Minot.
 Hasn't like, that's technically the correct way
 to pronounce it, but that's not the way
 anyone in the world is pronouncing it.
 - No, you're right, now that he points it out,
 I do know that every other person who's ever said the name
 to me in my entire life has said it with the GUE,
 sort of really punctuated.
 Migno, Migno.
 (all laughing)
 Listen, whatever she's called,
 neighbors gave her to us.
 And, well, I've lost my place now.
 So basically, Corrie, Coronation Street,
 the street is responsible for quite a lot
 of big actors as well that we now have.
 So people who sort of debuted on it
 include Sir Ben Kingsley.
 He was a Coronation Street actor.
 Yeah, Davy Jones of the Monkeys.
 He came out of Coronation Street.
 He had a little role in that.
 And so did Joanna Lumley.
 So, you know, yeah, the soaps are responsible
 for some of our biggest highbrow actors as well,
 Kingsley and Lumley.
 - Yeah, Davy Jones, he doesn't slot into that category.
 - Not quite.
 - He's the wild card.
 - You can be promoted on soap operas.
 So I really like this.
 So there's a guy, there's an actor called Bill Tarny,
 who is very famous in soap world.
 He played Jack Duckworth, right?
 And he started out, he's Corrie, isn't he?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - He started out as an extra.
 And his job was to play someone who was just out of shot.
 - What?
 (all laughing)
 - You occasionally would see--
 - Is he playing the doggen?
 - You'd see one of his arms briefly
 and occasionally in a shot.
 But you would never see anything else of him.
 That was his role.
 - Oh, come on.
 - And then, he's true.
 That was what he was initially cast as,
 was just someone else to show the someone else in the room.
 - Did he have a really attractive arm or something?
 - He must have, because when he was promoted,
 he then spent 31 years as a full body actor,
 as they're known in the biz.
 And yeah, that's a pleasing thing,
 the pleasing career progression.
 - So he was supposed to be just out of shot.
 So it was the idea that he's someone
 for the other actors who are in shot to sort of look at.
 So it's realistic that--
 - I think in a crowd scene with a pub or whatever,
 you don't just have two people sitting there
 and you have to imagine that there's everyone else in the pub.
 You know, you have maybe an establishing shot
 and then maybe you're next to someone at the pub,
 so your arms up against theirs.
 So you occasionally see his arm.
 - But then he's in shot.
 - Okay, his job was to be predominantly
 and almost always out of shot.
 - But then actually, when he got the main role
 as Jack Duckworth, whenever he walked into a room,
 you would see his arm come in first.
 (all laughing)
 - Here's Jack Duckworth, what he'll have to say.
 - Well, it's that sexy move that I think people do it
 in like some musicals in Chicago or something.
 A woman in fishnet tights would project her leg in first
 and then her body would follow.
 Does he enter like that?
 - Yeah, that's exactly how he does it.
 He's always wearing a very nice watch.
 (all laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 That is Anna.
 My fact this week is that if you take an hour long nap
 after listening to this show,
 you will remember five times as many facts from it.
 - Wow.
 - So do it.
 - Cool.
 - So five times more than we said on the show
 or where are these extra facts coming from?
 - Not everyone remembers every single fact
 as well you should know on this podcast.
 (all laughing)
 - Yes, five times as many as if you don't take a nap.
 - Yeah.
 - So this, I really loved an app.
 So I really enjoyed reading about this study
 and generally a lot of studies that have come out
 in the last couple of decades about how napping is great.
 This one was from 2015.
 It was quite a small cohort,
 but basically it gave participants 90 words to remember
 and then 120 word pairs.
 So that's two random words paired together.
 And so like milk taxi is the example they give in the study.
 - Is that random?
 - And, sorry?
 - Is that random?
 - Milk taxi, you could make a link there.
 - Yeah, well, I mean, there is of course the milk taxi
 that follows the teapot one around.
 (all laughing)
 - In all subsequent studies,
 they're gonna have to remove that word pair now.
 We've ruined it for people.
 'Cause yeah, they have to be so unrelated
 that you can't have a familiar connection,
 which sort of allows you to cheat and remember it.
 Anyway, they gave these 120 word pairs to people
 and then half the participants had to watch DVDs
 and the other half took naps for,
 it was an hour and a half in fact.
 And the nappers afterwards were five times better,
 remembering the word pairs
 than the ones who'd watched the DVD.
 And in fact, I find this astonishing,
 the people who'd had the nap remembered exactly as much
 as they would have if they'd just been asked
 immediately afterwards.
 So you know how, you know,
 as soon as a couple of hours have passed,
 then you forget the majority of stuff
 that you've immediately heard.
 They remembered exactly the same amount
 as if they'd just been asked.
 - I wonder if, so, Finella has a laptop
 that she was given by work
 and it was formatted by the people at her work
 and the password to log into the computer is catbus111.
 I can say that it's lockdown.
 No one's taking her computer, it's fine.
 But immediately both of us went catbus.
 What the hell is a catbus?
 Why would you ever use catbus?
 And both of us have never forgotten it.
 Like the conversation and the pairing of it
 was just so bizarre that it's a connection
 that's stuck in your head.
 - Also another thing that's interesting, Dad,
 is now everyone listening to this will never forget it.
 So when we are out of lockdown
 in the not too distant future, we hope
 that everyone will be able to steal your wife's laptop.
 - I'll change it after this episode.
 I'll reset the password.
 - Try buscat, everyone.
 - Two, two, two.
 - My password is coolguy123
 because no one's ever caught me that.
 - Two totally unassociated concepts.
 That's what you need.
 I quite like this study also
 because of the choice of DVDs that the participants were given.
 So, like I said, some got to go to sleep,
 some had to watch these DVDs.
 And it was two DVDs that lasted in total two hours.
 One was called "Relaxing the Most Beautiful Landscapes on Earth."
 And it was just what it sounds like.
 And both had only instrumental music.
 And the other is called "Power Catzy."
 And it sounds like the maddest thing ever.
 So it's only instrumental.
 And it's this weird experimental film made in the 80s
 about the conflict in third world countries
 between traditional ways of life
 and the new ways of life introduced with industrialization
 but all shown in very surrealist instrumental form.
 And so I'm kind of amazed that they managed to stay awake
 through that two hours.
 - So yeah, I wonder if the study is about
 how good it is to nap to remember things
 or whether watching weird DVDs just really distract you.
 It could be that, couldn't it?
 If the DVD had been something else,
 like "Stop All My Mommles Shoots"
 or "Growing Ups 2" or something like that.
 - "Stop All My Mommles Shoots."
 I think that's the second time you've ever referenced
 that extremely obscure Sylvester Stallone movie.
 - We finally found the only film James has actually seen.
 - I just watched it again and again and again.
 And you guys know my memory for facts is extremely good.
 So maybe if we'd given these guys
 "Stop All My Mommles Shoots" to watch.
 - To be fair, if that had been the first film you'd seen,
 I could understand why you didn't watch any other film
 James had put a few years ago.
 Because there's no point.
 You know, why climb any other mountains
 when you started with Everest?
 You know?
 - Exactly.
 By the way, I looked up
 whether there was such thing as a milk taxi.
 I don't know if any of the rest of you did.
 And this is a new product.
 Well, actually it was made in 2005
 by a company called Holm and Lau.
 And they revolutionized bucket feeding for calves
 by the invention of the milk taxi.
 And it's almost like a bucket
 that kind of drives around the farm
 and goes to the calves
 and gives them exactly the right amount of feed
 and exactly the right amount of milk that they need.
 It's a bit like a tea's made, but for cows.
 - Wow.
 - Is it like a robotic udder though?
 Because obviously they want an udder to suck a lad.
 - I couldn't quite tell from the picture.
 They look more like milk churns on wheels,
 but I couldn't quite tell.
 But it is a thing.
 So, you know.
 - Wow.
 - You could call it a tits made
 because it's flying around, keeping your milk.
 - Yeah.
 - God, how bizarre.
 - Speaking of weird portmanteau words
 that I already regret saying.
 Have you guys heard of the napatino?
 I'm sure you have in the course of this research.
 - Napatino, what's that?
 - I haven't actually.
 I can guess what it is,
 but also it sounds too much like the word nappy
 and would put me off.
 - It's a practice, it's a habit, it's a behavior.
 It's where you drink a coffee and then you have a nap.
 And you have to take a brief nap
 because then you wake up super charged
 just as you come out of the sleep, the caffeine hits.
 It takes about 20 minutes.
 - That's quite advanced, I think,
 'cause I'm a bit of a napper as well.
 And I did read about the idea of having a coffee first
 and I tried it a few times,
 but if you can't get straight to sleep,
 then the caffeine hits you
 just as you think you're about to fall asleep
 and you just have a massive high
 and you can't sleep anymore.
 So I think you need to be--
 - Must be tense.
 - Yeah, you need to be one of the nappers
 who can really kind of just go like a light immediately,
 whereas I'm not really one of those.
 It takes me a few minutes to get in.
 - I've always thought that my dad invented that
 'cause I know, so I've read about that concept before,
 but he always did it at car journeys when we were kids.
 You'd stop in a service station, down a double espresso,
 and then he was one of these--
 - And then fall asleep when driving home.
 - Back by the wheel.
 (laughing)
 - Look, you're parked.
 It's actually incredibly boring for four children in the back.
 You're in a parked car for 15 minutes,
 but it's just 15 solid minutes.
 Wake up, and it's like, you know, your new woman.
 - Did it work?
 - It worked like a dream, he claimed,
 but I'm with James.
 I don't think I could fall asleep like that on command,
 and then it's just annoying.
 - I can't, I think I could do that,
 but I don't drink coffee, so it's wasted.
 - One way that I nap quite probably once a week
 is this is a good way of getting to sleep
 is 'cause I edit this podcast every week,
 I have to then listen back to it
 to kind of make sure that narratively
 it all makes sense from start to finish.
 And I think a good way to do that
 is kind of lie down in bed while I'm listening to it.
 And I usually get past about one fact,
 and then I'm gone, (laughing)
 and then I have to go all the way back to the start
 and do it again.
 But I think like nothing to podcast is a thing, isn't it?
 And I read an article about this.
 This was a guy called Craig Richard
 from Shenandoah University.
 He wrote a book called Brain Tingles,
 which is about ASMR stuff.
 And he said that human voice podcasts
 are quite a good way of getting to sleep
 as long as they contain a calm host voice, kindness,
 which means basically you're not just having
 to go at people all the time,
 and generally banal content.
 That's the things that you need. (laughing)
 - Well, at least we've got one out of three.
 (laughing)
 We're not kind and Dan's always stressed, but.
 (laughing)
 - Hey, do you guys know where you are allowed
 to nap at the wheel?
 (laughing)
 - Driverless car.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - No, no, you're definitely not allowed to.
 - Okay, definitely not.
 - Oh, you're not, okay.
 - So some kind of wheel, a ship's wheel.
 - Ship's wheel, possibly.
 I didn't actually look through all the possibilities.
 - Maybe at the roulette table.
 - Oh, yes.
 - Fairly nice. - Wake up refreshed.
 - Put it all on number 17.
 - Yeah, wake up three hours later
 and it's landed on 17, 200 times,
 and you own all the money in the world.
 - Bad gambling advice, we know that thing is a fish.
 Is it a water wheel?
 Wake up and you've got a loaf of bread made.
 - Oh, Dan, Dan, Dan, Potter's wheel.
 So you have hands there and then you just drop off,
 but you've made a perfect vase.
 - A perfect cubicle teapot.
 - Nope.
 - No, okay.
 - Please put us out of our misery for God's sake.
 - Oh, no, no, there are more.
 - I'm trying, I'm trying.
 (laughing)
 Christ's sake, drive in five minutes.
 - Go on, Andy.
 I didn't have anything, I was just stalling
 so James could think of another wheel.
 - I know, I'm thinking the wheel of fortune,
 the TV game show.
 - It's not that either,
 it is in the cockpit as a pilot at the wheel of a plane.
 - There's no wheel at a plane?
 Come on, how are we supposed to guess that?
 - Well, you're at the wheel, you're at the wheel,
 like you said that you're at the wheel.
 - But wait a second, we've talked about this before,
 pilots sleeping before, and it's a problem.
 They're definitely not allowed to do it, aren't they?
 - Well, so, they're not really,
 'cause there have been some horrible incidences,
 like for example, in 2008,
 both pilots fell asleep at the wheel,
 and when they woke up,
 they just completely gone past
 where they were meant to land in Hawaii.
 Just like, where are we?
 Way past where we're meant to be.
 But some countries, like Canada and Australia,
 allow for pilots to take naps in the cockpit.
 So basically, it's really strict rules,
 but what they call it is a controlled rest in position,
 C-R-I-P, and the idea is that the pilot can sleep
 for no more than 40 minutes,
 must wake up at least half an hour
 before the descent of landing,
 and they have to sort of tell everyone,
 like, I'm gonna have a nap now,
 and then they can go down for a nap,
 sitting in their position without worry
 that they might affect the controls,
 as long as obviously they have a co-pilot next to them.
 So yeah. - Okay.
 - Wow, controlled rest in position,
 that's a very good euphemism for saying,
 having a little sis while you're at your seat, it's clever.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - There is another place where you used to be able
 and able to have a nap and no one would mind or object,
 and that was in the House of Lords in the UK.
 So there was a convention until 2018, I believe,
 in the House of Lords that peers,
 members of the House of Lords are never sleeping,
 they are resting their eyes and they're closing their eyes
 and leaning back to really focus on the intellectual debate
 and the laws that they're debating.
 And then that was a lovely convention.
 And then in 2018, they were told off for sleeping
 in the chamber and kind of burst the bubble.
 - And then in 2019, they all ripped their eyelids off,
 didn't they?
 (laughing)
 - That's right.
 - Did Buddha never have eyelids for the rest of his life?
 Sorry, I've been thinking about this ever since he said it.
 (laughing)
 - They must have grown back, eh?
 - Did they grow back?
 - It's a really good point, Dan.
 I don't think the myth says, but it should.
 - But Buddha had all sorts of weird physical attributes
 that I think we've discussed before, didn't he?
 Like tentacles coming out of his earlobes or whatever.
 I can't remember, you'll have to refer back.
 Yeah, exactly. - Super long tongue.
 - If they would have grown back,
 then that kind of defeats the gesture that he made.
 If he's just got another pair of eyelids under there,
 then I think that's a less impressive gesture
 to repent you falling asleep in your work.
 - He probably didn't know he did at the time though.
 When you do it for the first time, you can't be sure.
 - That's true.
 - I'll respect him for it.
 - The snooker player, Ronnie O'Sullivan,
 he has been seen napping even during competitive matches.
 - Yeah, he does.
 - And he said his doctor advised him to do it.
 But I really like this because obviously the nap in snooker
 is the direction of the cloth, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - The bays.
 So that's kind of pleasing.
 - A lot of the other players think that he is doing it
 to try and out psych them.
 It's like, 'cause when you play snooker,
 you're on the table or they're on the table.
 And when they're playing,
 you're just kind of sat in your chair
 and there's nothing you can do.
 But if you're sat there pretending to fall asleep
 and put in a flannel of your face like he does sometimes,
 then some people think that that's a bit bad form.
 You know what I mean?
 - Well, get a nap on what you can.
 It's the perfect chance.
 It's fucking boring snooker.
 And he knows it, so you might as well have a snooze.
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 - Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - James.
 - @JamesHarkin.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email podcast.qi.com.
 - Yep, where you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing, or you can go to our website.
 NoSuchThing is at fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Also, there is a chance that if you're listening to this
 on Friday the 12th of March or Saturday the 13th of March
 in the morning in the UK that we're actually live right now
 doing a marathon length version
 of our show in aid of comic relief.
 Go to Comic Relief's YouTube page
 and you'll be able to find us there talking
 to an amazing sortment of comedians and actors
 and writers and musicians.
 They're all coming on 35 of them.
 So tune into that.
 We might be live right now.
 If it's past that, well, you can watch it again on replay.
 Try and find that on our YouTube page.
 Anyway, we're gonna be back again next week
 with another episode and we will see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
