 [MUSIC]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 This is the bonus Monday episode where we put down our favorite facts from the last seven days and we go through the facts that you have sent us via podcast at QI.com.
 Thank you, everyone, who has done so. We've had an amazing collection of facts sent in this week. Let's get to it who wants to get going.
 I've got one.
 Andy, this is from Steve and Turner and it's a very good email. It combines a good fact and then a bit of abuse and then a bit of praise.
 Do you want to miss out the middle there? I think you need it. It's a piece of me, though, so don't worry.
 Maybe miss the fact. I'm happy with just pure abuse.
 Steven writes, "Good stevening, brackets. My name is Steven and although this is my standard chat-up line, it barely works in real life as it is predicated on knowing my name beforehand. I think that's fair."
 And only meeting people at night. Honestly, I thought he meant I want to give you a good stevening and I thought that's a bit too forward, I think.
 Yes, but at least applicable today time as well as night.
 I think we can all agree. It's not one for the ages, chat-up-wise, don't stop using it, Steven.
 Anyway, he says, "I've just learned an interesting fact. I thought I'd share it with you guys as it can be reworded in that famous, slightly irritating QI and Fish Way."
 All right.
 And then he says, "The A303 was not built close to Stonehenge. Stonehenge was built close to the A303."
 Now, okay. I'm happy to put up with the abuse and the slightly dodgy chat-up lines, because that is a great fact.
 That is fantastic. It turns out the A303 follows an ancient trade route and has been in use for thousands of years.
 I recall a few years ago, Andy buffoonishly repeated a fake fact about the motorway and call more following the migration routes of Ice Age mammoths or something, so I thought I'd double check.
 I have checked it as well, Steven, and I think it's about 50/50, because there is this ancient route. It was used several thousand years ago.
 Stonehenge was built about 5,000 years ago, and it's quite hard to tell when a trade route was first used.
 Additionally, you'd just be following a chalk path at the top of a riddle or something.
 Who knows? They could have been built around the same time, which was built first, the A6 or T-Base Services.
 I think naturally, if you build the trade route, you want something to look at along the way. Basically, Stonehenge might be that kind of service station.
 Yes.
 One of those giant prawn statues they have in Australia for something to look at.
 Well, like you know, those big billboards that ask you a quiz question.
 Exactly.
 If we look five miles down the road, there might be a sign, like an ancient sign saying, "How many stones do you think there are?"
 Stonehenge.
 Well, we've covered Stonehenge and the theories of what it might be multiple times on this show.
 One great one was that it was a giant Glockenspiel.
 The other one is that it had nothing to do with ritualistic stuff, but it was built as a sort of a team exercise on a business outing.
 Well, you know what, Dan?
 I reckon that our theory that it's a giant motorway service station is as applicable as any of those other theories that you've just said.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah, probably as much science behind it as well.
 But that's great.
 I'm kind of in love with Steven Zebel and Tone.
 And I think, I don't think we've done justice to his pickup line.
 I think he could probably sell it.
 No, we've only given a good stevening, haven't we?
 OK, here is another fact. This one is from Kazaya Farbing.
 And Kazaya tells us about Swindon Wildcats.
 So Swindon Wildcats are a hockey team, a nice hockey team.
 And this year, not one, but two father and son duos played on the same roster.
 Two father and son duos.
 Absolutely.
 So it's completely unique, has never happened before.
 There's an example of one father, son, Gordy Howe and his sons played in 1979.
 But like for this to happen twice in the same team has never really heard before.
 Now, James, you know a lot about sports.
 Is it the case that a sporting team which has a father and son duo on it?
 Is it the case that the sport in question is not enormously oversubscribed with people wanting to play it?
 Because normally sports have a very specific age range of players that they're going for.
 I see what you mean.
 I need to be 19.
 But there are some football players who play like Christiana Ronaldo still playing football.
 And he might be like 41 or something now.
 Like he's around 40 for sure.
 And absolutely footballers tend to be a little bit promiscuous when they're younger men.
 So it's not impossible that he could have a child who was playing football at this age.
 Are you suggesting there's a footballer out there who could have his own squad?
 Yes.
 Well, at least a five aside team.
 There is a footballer whose progeny are on the same team.
 And that is Hazana Parnell and her daughter, Ramaya Osborne, who played in the same team in this year's FA Cup.
 They played for Hensford in the FA Cup's second round qualifying match against Bromsgrove Sporting.
 And not only with this mother and daughter on the same team,
 but the mother provided an assist for the daughter's score.
 So the mother crossed it in and the daughter scored it.
 And the daughter, Ramaya said, we're both so connected.
 I see her visions and she can see mine.
 Wow.
 She feels like cheating to me, actually.
 Yeah, that is cheating.
 You're not allowed to use telepathy on the pitch for my limited knowledge of the game.
 But they, so that's, and that is not an under-subscribe spot football.
 No, exactly.
 You know, we recently had Melanie Bracewell on the podcast.
 Yeah.
 If you had her Wikipedia page, it's just absolutely riddled with New Zealand cricketers.
 Her whole family, her relatives.
 Notable relatives are including two uncles who both played test match cricket for New Zealand.
 Or at least one of them did and played like 40 matches, two of her cousins are current cricketers in New Zealand.
 That should have been her world.
 And she does play netball and volleyball and things like that.
 Imagine the disappointment in the family when they found out that she was going to be like coming on QI and stuff instead of playing in the World Cup.
 Yes.
 Hey, why don't I move us on to another fact?
 We've got a fantastic one here from Tanya.
 Sam Kuru Fat. It's a surname that I've definitely butchered Tanya. Canadians have special crisps to eat during storms.
 This is so good.
 Yeah.
 Okay, so she sent the fact which says, I learned that in Canada, there's a tradition of eating storm crisps.
 And it's such a popular tradition that there are chips made specifically to eat while hunkering down at home during these storms.
 I looked into it. This is true. This originates back in 2014 when there was a radio broadcaster called Stephanie Dommitt who was on the radio talking about an incoming storm.
 And she said she had an intention to purchase certain chips and dips to prepare for the storm.
 And they started talking about this as storm chips.
 And this has become an actual thing.
 I don't think that's a proper tradition. I'm sorry to cut a grassy dead.
 Really?
 No, no, it's a growing thing.
 I think especially strong crisps. The tradition is the tradition is that you would buy crisps.
 But there was now a company that has trademarked storm chips and produces storm chip bags that you can buy in the shop.
 So it's very specifically for it.
 Now I asked a Canadian friend of mine whether or not he had done it or heard of it.
 He said no, but he looked into it and he can see it's very predominant in a different bit of Canada.
 Okay, guys, guys, what's everyone's storm crisp?
 This is like my version of desert island discs. You're going to be trapped in a never-ending storm in your home.
 And it's never ever going to end and you can only have one kind of crisp.
 Okay, shall I tell you mine?
 Yes, please.
 Hula Hoops.
 Original salted barbecue.
 Oh, the flavor doesn't really matter.
 Okay.
 And that's because if you have like a tube, it has a very special sort of aerodynamic signature,
 which will, you know, like one of the best paper airplanes you can make is like just a circle of paper.
 And when the air rushes through it, it keeps it up in the air.
 And so I think that I could like make these Hula Hoops sort of hover in front of my mouth and then eat them like a Pac-Man.
 Right.
 That's impeccable reasoning.
 That's incredible.
 It's such good reasoning that I cannot think you have not thought about this before.
 I, I, like all of the aerodynamic properties.
 Can I just say we've been doing this show for like over 10 years.
 Yeah.
 All this says is that you have no trust in my sense of whimsy that you think I can't just make this up on the spot.
 Did you like cheat and look at the notes for this before?
 I just feel like there's no way that whimsy is coming up on the spur of the moment.
 I feel like it's, who's on to your desk?
 Is there a writer on to your desk handing you up bits of whimsy?
 Have you got Michael McIntyre down there?
 I just like sensations, Thai sweet chili.
 I just want to eat it.
 I'm not trying to make it float.
 I would use those pickled onion monster months and gear together the teeth or the claws on each one.
 And build a rudimentary clock.
 That's what I do.
 Yes.
 Very good.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 You saw the padding he did James earlier trying to work out how you were writing.
 He was writing that in his head while he was doing all that.
 He was just a character here and he's been writing his face.
 Here is a fact from Cidata Basu, who gives us a little bit more grist for Andy's book of things
 that sound like they're named after the thing they are, but actually a named after a person
 or the other way around.
 Very nice.
 I was still working on the title, but this is a bit of news from the last few weeks,
 because Marco Rubio, the American politician, tweeted today another transformer explosion
 at the German dam in Bolivar state caused another massive blackout.
 And he was complaining about what he thought was a problem in Venezuela due to the government,
 to which he got a reply saying Senator Marco Rubio, an important transformer exploded in Bolivar,
 if that you're correct, however, it was not in a dam.
 And it was not German.
 My name is German Dam.
 I am one of the journalists who published the information.
 Wow.
 And what he had done was seen the name Hermann.
 I suppose you pronounce it.
 Hermann Dam.
 And thought that it was an actual dam, but actually it was just the name of this reporter.
 Beautiful.
 It doesn't quite fit in your book, but maybe as part of the intro or like an appendix.
 I think we can have a chapter for that, like unusual cases.
 I don't know if you guys, I don't think I've told you this.
 I've actually made a document on my desktop now.
 Have you?
 Yeah.
 And it's got, is now thanks to your contribution there James, got six entries at it.
 Wow.
 Have we heard all five other ones on the show over the years?
 Yeah, you have French's mustard German chocolate cake.
 Oh, German chocolate cake and German damn that they can go together.
 The children's python, the outer bridge bridge, which is named after someone called outer bridge.
 And Valentine's meat juice.
 You know how you have pitched about 200,000 different sitcoms on this show.
 And none of them is yet to be made.
 Yeah.
 Do you have a document open for each one of those?
 And if so, what is your memory storage plan?
 I've not written them down because I assume.
 Maybe this is naive, but I assume that someone's going to get in touch.
 I know that we get big shots listening to us.
 I can tell that from this day to the inbox.
 And I just assume that one day a Spielberg or maybe a Nolan will get in touch.
 Maybe Christopher Nolan having done the Odyssey will say, actually,
 I think we should do clown priest the series and make that the next big thing.
 I reckon what happened is Edgar Wright was writing that email to you.
 And he heard the episode when you said he wasn't cool.
 And he just went, nah, hang on a, I'm going to get McIntyre instead.
 You're absolutely right.
 What was the one?
 Because he would be perfect for that one.
 What was it?
 Was something cop?
 Did you remember that?
 They were all something cop.
 They were all cop.
 They were a type, tiberious cop was one.
 That's it.
 Tiberious cop.
 There was the Tetris cop with something like that.
 Yes.
 There is a, yeah, dimly.
 I just know that these are good ideas.
 That's the terrible thing.
 I don't know why they're not being made.
 I think maybe it's because we're not in the era of the cop drama right now.
 Like many of your ideas are like balloon cop or candle cop or whatever, right?
 But there's not many of those shows being made right now.
 It's more like line of duty as procedural.
 Yeah.
 And this is very much more.
 What if there was a cop who was also the embryo and there's no procedure there?
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 That's what people like.
 People like a crime and it's solved.
 But we see all the workings going on in the background.
 It's not so much about the cop having a wacky personality trait these days.
 I want to see a series about a struggling author who's been trying to sell multiple cop TV shows.
 Whoa, struggling is loaded language.
 Loaded like the gun of struggle cop.
 This is from stab Burman who writes and this give give it a chance.
 Let it breathe.
 On October 24, 1988, a falling poodle calls the death of three people in Buenos Aires.
 The poodle who ironically was called catchy fell 13 stories landing on an instantly killing a 75 year old.
 Oh, no.
 In the ensuing commotion, a 46 year old on locker got hit by a bus that they didn't see coming.
 And then an identified man who witnessed all of this suffered a heart attack from the stress and died on the way to hospital.
 So it was a poodle led to three very different deaths.
 This is a final destination or something.
 It really feels like it.
 And I tried to look at it.
 I tried to debunk it.
 You know, I looked into snopes and because this does smell of it, right?
 And nowhere as far as I can see has debunked it, but it has appeared in multiple places, Reuters and the camera times newspaper.
 That big newspaper, I'm sure it's massive in Canberra.
 Do we know why it was falling?
 They don't know anymore.
 No, no, no, no.
 They say we have absolutely no idea.
 It fell off a 13th floor balcony. So maybe it was something to do with superstition and bad luck.
 Yeah.
 Often make you fall off a building.
 Yeah.
 That's why buildings often don't have a 13th floor to avoid this kind of situation.
 I mean, that's quite sad.
 Yeah.
 Can I give you a more whimsical animal one?
 Oh, yeah.
 This one came from Stephen Corcoran and it's just a sentence that in 2024 a Portuguese plane was grounded for four days after 130 hamsters escaped on board.
 As far as I can see, there were no deaths involved in this one.
 Basically, they were in the cargo hold and they managed to escape and they ran riot and it took them days to get them all out because they had to find 132 hamsters inside this airplane.
 And the airplane holds a pretty big and eventually they managed to get them on the fourth day.
 It's bloody hard to get a hamster out from a tight place.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 All right, Richard, here.
 What?
 Where have you been?
 Which tight place of you experienced a hamster in?
 I just mean they like.
 They like narrow down.
 There's nothing I can say now.
 There's nothing I can say that makes it sound like I haven't been indulging in unnatural practices.
 I simply mean they like narrow constricted spaces.
 They crawl into tunnels and holes and I used to have hamsters when I was little and they would get.
 If they got loose around the house and they got under the dishwasher or behind a bookcase or something.
 Or up your ass.
 Yeah, all right.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 It was just very hard to get them out.
 You had to learn them out.
 And of course they were labeled.
 They were labeled weren't they James?
 They were labeled one to 70 and then 72 to 133.
 So everybody thought there was one hamster left.
 That would be genius.
 Cool.
 We should we should wrap up here on this side.
 That is it for your fact.
 Sorry, one second guys.
 The cat is banging on the door.
 It might need a shit.
 Right.
 Sorry.
 I could hear it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Just trying to get in the room because I closed the door.
 Oh.
 I thought there was a chance it could be a proper emergency.
 But she just went for her food and now she's looking at me like I'm a dick.
 The cat is banging on the door.
 It's quite a good way of saying that you need a poo.
 Yes.
 The flap cannot hold the cat for long.
 Okay.
 Can you yeah, I'm just there's a gardener outside chopping and can you guys hear it?
 Do you need a poo as well?
 The gardener is chopping.
 The log is about to tumble to the ground.
 Oh dear.
 All right.
 I'm so sorry guys.
 There's a there's a huge chocolate bar that's being that's trying to force.
 It's being forced into the room.
 I'm just going to go.
 Excuse me.
 All right.
 Okay.
 That is all of your facts for this episode.
 However, before we wrap up, we need to hand out some facts.
 That's right.
 If you are a member of Clubfish, the highest tier, which is friend of the podcast,
 you will become owner of one of the facts from our archive.
 That's 12 years of headline facts and you will be the custodian of one of them.
 As well as that, you're going to be sent a digital certificate.
 So check it out.
 But for now, let's hand some out.
 So who wants to go first?
 I go first.
 This fact now belongs to Elliot.
 And Elliot, your fact this week is that male turkeys blush when they see female turkeys.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Christmasy one.
 Yes.
 Romantic.
 So Valentine's Day E as well.
 Thanks.
 Thanksgiving E because of turkeys as well.
 It's quite an all rounder this fact, isn't it?
 But I think what it is is like turkeys, they have the water, which is like the reddish bit of skin
 that's below the chin and they also have a red sort of what's it called the comb.
 But these things, they get darker in color when the blood rushes to them.
 And for turkeys, that happens when a male sees a female.
 Very cool.
 I've got one that goes out to Andrew.
 And it's that the composer of Jingle Bells also wrote the song We Conquer or Die.
 I think this was a guy called James Lord Pierpont.
 And I believe fought in the US Civil War for the South and wrote various punchy battle hymns.
 And that was his sort of like relief, I suppose, was Jingle Bells.
 Unless there's like an underlying meaning behind Jingle Bells that we don't know about.
 Jingle Bells.
 Jingle Bells.
 The South was being betrayed.
 That kind of stuff.
 Yeah.
 The original lyrics.
 I go on here for Tim Oxenford.
 And this is the fact that Franz Kafka once convinced his whole family that Einstein's theory of relativity would cure his tuberculosis.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I love Kafka. He's one of my favorite authors.
 And he like, he just worked in like a bureaucratic office, didn't he?
 Which he really hated.
 And then he would just go home and write these incredible stories.
 And then didn't really become famous one of my thing in life.
 No.
 I think he published a huge amount when he asked for his papers to be burned after his death.
 But the person who was given that task went, nah, I'm going to publish them.
 So we actually found out a lot about his writing against his wishes.
 I especially loved reading them when I was working in offices.
 Like I reckon for anyone who works in like an office job reading Kafka is just it really sort of makes you think, well, maybe this is not so bad.
 That's very high end James.
 I've got to say other people would recommend watching the office.
 Maybe the American version of the office if you want a bit of cultural diversity.
 But for you straight in, no, no, no, read Kafka.
 That's great.
 I actually think Ricky Gefez is like a modern day Franz Kafka.
 Yeah, as yet unaflected with tuberculosis.
 And we pray that continues.
 Okay, here's another fact this one now belongs to Sean Belton.
 Sean, your fact is that dead geckos still stick to walls for at least half an hour.
 That was a nice fact.
 And you can print out the certificate we send you Sean.
 You can stick this to your wall with a gecko.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, but I remember that I remember this fact.
 It was so exciting at the time.
 It was a really exciting new scientific finding.
 Here's another one.
 This goes out Sikara Chrysostomo.
 And the fact is in 2013, a group of people tried to crowdfund London's first UFO museum.
 Their target was $1 million.
 They only managed to raise, however, $370.
 It's not good.
 It's a big gap in the fundraising.
 When did we do this fact that would this have been probably 2015 maybe?
 I was just about, I think it was just about then, yeah.
 But we wouldn't have known then what we know now,
 which is that aliens do exist and Trump is about to release all of the information.
 God, I do anything to distract from the Epstein files, won't he?
 Sorry.
 Imagine if he releases all of the UFO data.
 And it turns out that the aliens have just been sending each other emails about Epstein's Island.
 I don't remember too much about this other than it was, it was a big attempt and they, they just had to pull out of it.
 I don't think London has a UFO museum since this, since this happened.
 No, I think we would know about it if there was one.
 No, there was, there was a big thing where Blackpool was almost turned into a Eric Londonerkin chariots of the God's theme park.
 Basically, the whole Blackpool, damn.
 Such a huge section of Blackpool's workforce were going to be working for this theme park.
 And it got pulled at the end, because they thought this is nuts.
 Not at the end, right near the beginning, I thought it got pulled.
 It wasn't like they'd nearly turned all Blackpool into an Eric von Daniken chariots of God's theme park.
 To be fair, I'd be, if you pull something and stop doing it, then that is the end, right?
 That's true. It's like whenever you have lost an object, you always find it in the last place you look.
 Yeah.
 When was it that they did this?
 It was only a few years ago.
 Okay, because I used to go to Blackpool as a kid all the time and I would have dreamed of seeing that kind of theme park there.
 Oh my god, I mean, as a kid, that's, it's a perfect.
 What's that, Andy?
 This is 2021, chariots of the God's ditched at Blackpool Central, the developers behind the 300 million pound visitor attraction
 have decided not to name the showcase indoor theme park after the 1968 pseudo-science book, oh, sorry, damn, that's devastating for you.
 I know it's pseudo-science.
 Okay, okay.
 Sorry, Lista, he just winked when he said that.
 Yeah.
 So it sounds like they did make it, but they just didn't name it after him.
 Yes, and listen to this.
 The contents of the venue and its attractions, which include a flying theatre, will still be based on von Daniken's book.
 Is there an apology coming my way from you, Andy?
 Or are we just going to ignore the takedown you gave me before verifying I was right?
 I think we'll just press on.
 Okay, so this fact is now in the custodian ship of Finn.
 Finn, your fact is that cows have friends and they get sad if you separate them.
 Oh, Alex Bell, facts from when he was on the show.
 Do you remember on Torah we got to meet the scientists who discovered that cows with names give more milk than cows without names.
 Oh, yes.
 That was a very exciting moment.
 It feels like this is in the same territory as study.
 Yeah, I think it was.
 Here's one more. This goes out to Webb Jedi.
 What a great name.
 And the fact is, it's illegal to take a selfie with a tiger in New York City.
 It's surprised about that.
 Yeah, but we must have found the actual ordinance because online you do get a lot of these things where it's like it's illegal to do this in this town or whatever and often they're made up.
 Personal tiger ownership is quite big in the states, right?
 I think Mike Tyson had one.
 New York City does feel like an odd place, particularly Manhattan to have a tiger.
 And obviously between this show going out and this moment, we've had the whole tiger king and.
 Yes.
 Yeah, interesting.
 Don't take selfies with tigers.
 I assume it's still against the rules.
 So if you're listening in New York City, don't do it, guys.
 Put that tiger down.
 Here's one that goes out to Christopher.
 Christopher, your fact is that the active ingredient in the first ever homeopathy treatment was the blood of Thomas Beckett.
 For international listeners, Thomas Beckett was Archbishop of Canterbury.
 Yeah.
 I suppose do we need to explain what an Archbishop?
 No, we don't.
 Who will free me of this medal some priest?
 Oh, and he was killed by some knights at the at the wishing of the king and the king had to do a lot of penance.
 Was it of the wishing of the king or did he just say, I hope someone gets rid of this Archbishop and then the knights went, did he just say we need to kill Thomas Beckett?
 It's one of those classic miscommunications in an office environment.
 If you work in an office, I'd recommend you read the story of Thomas Beckett.
 And the idea is he was venerated at the time and all the Catholics in the country thought that he would become a saint, which indeed he did.
 And what they did was they took his blood and so that everyone could get a little bit of it.
 They put a tiny bit in some water and then gave everyone some of the water.
 And we suppose that that's very similar to how homeopathy works.
 I guess the big question is, yeah, I guess the big question is what works better for tuberculosis, Einstein's theory of relativity or the blood of Thomas Beckett.
 I think equal.
 Is this busters, is this busters did that, doesn't they? They do. That's actually a classic app. Yeah, sorry, sorry guys.
 All right, well, listen, we're going to have to wrap up.
 But congratulations to Web Jedi to Finn, Cara, Christopher, Sean, Tim, Andrew and Elliott.
 You are now the custodians of all of these great facts. You will be getting a digital certificate that you can put up on your wall with a dead gecko holding it up.
 And if you want to become part of this as well, I suggest you go to patreon.com/nosuchthingasaffish
 is where you'll find the gateway to clubfish. There's lots of different tiers, but at the highest one, friend of the podcast, that is where you can be given your own fact.
 But do check out the other tiers because there's so many great things that we're doing on there at the moment from drop us a line through to other bonus episodes.
 There's quizzes. It's a great place to be. So sign up now. But that's it for today's episode. So we're going to see you again on Friday with a main fish episode.
 And we'll be back next Monday with another little fish. We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
