 Hey Clubfish members, Dan here and welcome to your secret bonus content that you get as part of your membership.
 Today we have a compilation episode for you, so these are all the bits that just didn't quite fit into the episodes,
 the tangents that we would go on that don't quite fit the shape of the show, but they're all great bits,
 and so we bung 'em all together here for you to listen to.
 So I hope you enjoy it, I hope that we get to meet some of you Clubfishers out on the road.
 Our tour is beginning properly as of this Friday.
 We are going to be in Bristol with our Thunder Nerds tour, and then we're going over to Dublin the next week,
 and then there's more UK dates.
 If you want to come and see us live, no such thing as TheFish.com.
 You can find links to all the tickets there, so go check that out.
 We've been road testing some material for the whole show as the extra bits that you get as the live audience,
 and it's so fun.
 There's going to be quizzes, audience interaction, we've got special guests, it's going to be awesome.
 So do come along if you can, check out the list of where we're going and get your ticket.
 Alright, well let's get on with this week's compilation.
 You are going to be hearing about Space Monks,
 you're going to be hearing about Japanese scissors known as knob cutters,
 and you're going to be hearing about insanely long-lasting pagodas.
 Let's do it, on with the show!
 [Music]
 I've got a couple of things just to do with other efforts of combining monks and space together as a thing.
 There is a lot of research that's currently going on by scientists who are trying to work out
 how can we get to places like Mars when you've got a human body that might go into,
 you know, they're trying to work out can we put you into hibernation, all that sort of stuff for deep space travel.
 And a lot of them are looking into monks and how they can take their bodies to extreme places,
 how they can lower their heart rates to basically a hibernating state and so on.
 And the Dalai Lama has loaned out hundreds of monks to science communities in Russia
 who are currently studying them to see if they can get astronauts to emulate this kind of hibernation.
 Did they consent to that? I don't know if I'd agree to be loaned out to a Russian science community.
 Yeah, you go where your Lama sends you.
 Yeah, so that's an effort that's going on right now
 because they can take the body to places that are quite remarkable with meditation as we've talked about before.
 Do you have to stay meditating for the whole, what is it, year-long journey to Mars?
 That feels like extreme, that feels very difficult to me.
 Yeah, definitely, right? I'm very distractible.
 I think it's only a few months to Mars.
 Really? I think so.
 I don't think it's a year, yeah.
 So you get that Buzz Aldrin cycle thing there.
 Yeah, all right.
 But I would still be tempted to look at my phone halfway through.
 I would.
 Where are you going to get a signal halfway between,
 "Oh, we're at a Lagrange point. Hold your phone up in the air."
 Exactly, yeah.
 If it's in front of me, I will just be looking at it, you know.
 But that monks probably don't keep their phones in front of them.
 That's probably another element of being a monk.
 So they aren't doing a thing where they're trying to work out
 if they can sort of, as through drug induction,
 whether they can drug induce a torpor,
 which is a type of hibernation, right?
 So the idea is that the astronauts going to Mars
 would have to really stock up on food,
 put on a lot of weight, which they could shed over that period.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Dude, like Grizzly Bear, for instance, when they go into topper,
 they put a plug in their anuses
 so that they don't defecate like of hair and mud and stuff like that.
 Do you think the astronauts might do that?
 I think if they did, they might not tell us.
 That'll be it.
 The bears put it there.
 I always thought it just kind of built up.
 The bears don't shove anything.
 I thought it sort of appeared as well,
 the tap-tap it, whatever it's called.
 They're just shoving the mud.
 But I've never thought about it.
 Rebecca, reach with this.
 Oh, what, this plug?
 No, it just imponds itself.
 I'll use that excuse.
 In 2000, and I had not realized,
 I had forgotten one of the causes of that.
 A brilliantly successful election in America,
 which I'm sure everyone remembers,
 was the butterfly ballots,
 which was, I don't know if you've seen these,
 but it's in Florida,
 where obviously it was where they had to have a massive recap
 between Gore and Burton.
 It's always been very controversial.
 Exactly.
 In Florida, they had butterfly ballots,
 and if you look at them,
 they're completely misaligned.
 So if you voted for one candidate,
 if you read a candidate's name,
 and in this case, it was actually if you read the Democrat's name,
 so if you followed Gore's name along,
 and you ticked the first box that you came to,
 that was actually a vote for Pappy Cannon,
 because they misaligned the boxes by the names.
 Oh, you had one job.
 Oh, no.
 I mean, how much of it
 surely goes into the most important Democratic moment
 in every four years?
 And they fucked it up,
 and they calculated that about 2,000 people
 must have made that mistake,
 and that was more than the majority that Bush got.
 So, but how does that happen?
 How does no one look at that and go, guys?
 Is this legit?
 That's crazy.
 In America, I actually hadn't realized
 how long electronic voting has been around.
 It's extraordinary, since it's the 19th century.
 We are behind the curve in Britain compared to those guys,
 and they're so beautiful,
 the really old voting machine.
 So the first one was kind of invented
 in the very late 19th century,
 and it's lever-operated,
 and you can look up pictures,
 but basically, it was calculated at the time
 that it had more moving parts than any other machine
 in the country, like more than cars at the time.
 And it was the most complicated machine there was.
 And so there'll be lots of candidates here
 at this big metal machine
 that looks like a really old arcade game or something.
 And each candidate has a mini lever next to their name,
 or if you know that you're just going to vote
 along party lines on everything,
 then you've got a big lever,
 which is Democrat or a big lever,
 which is Republican.
 You can just pull them.
 And then behind the scenes,
 it's got to be incredibly complicated,
 because all the mini levers
 have to connect to the relevant major lever.
 And also, your vote isn't registered
 until you pull the final lever,
 which opens the curtain,
 which has been around you for privacy,
 to escape, and it's when you pull the curtain.
 - So we're looking for a four-digit number.
 Like, I've got a lot of color here.
 I've got four colors.
 Come on, guys, we can work this out.
 - The ceiling is slowly sinking towards me.
 - Sounds chaotic.
 - You know what I wonder about that?
 You know how does this thing,
 that if your name is closer to the top of the ballot,
 that people vote for you,
 or more likely to vote for you?
 - Okay.
 - I wonder if you've got two levers.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Were the right-handed people
 are more likely to pull the right one?
 - Definitely not.
 - Definitely not.
 - Well, unfortunately,
 it's usually a mix-up with the makeup machine.
 The Democrat lever actually votes you Republican.
 - But no, I bet that would be the case.
 - It feels like it.
 - I bet so.
 - If I'm right-handed,
 and I'm pulling the left lever,
 I'm way more likely to half pull it,
 and then my hands slip off,
 and not pull the left lever.
 - And then it spoils your ballot.
 That sounds like a terrible system.
 As in the little pencil genuinely does,
 it works very, very well.
 - Or a permanent ink in my case
 so that people don't rub out my votes,
 because I know that happens.
 - The last thing I voted at,
 the lady in front of me,
 got told, "Yeah, there's your booth.
 There's a pencil in the booth."
 And she said, "Can I borrow your pen?"
 And I said, "Yeah."
 And she said, "Good. Can't rub out pen."
 And she was one of the truthers.
 - I remember when I was at primary school,
 you used to buy robbers that could rub out ink.
 - Well, exactly.
 That is the worst conspiracy theory of modern times,
 is that why wouldn't you just print more ballot papers
 and fill them out?
 Why would you have a team,
 a secret team of children with robbers
 in a backroom somewhere,
 rubbing out people's votes?
 Anyway, never mind that.
 - And then she went on to vote Lydden.
 - Do you think there's anything, as you were saying,
 with a name being higher on the ballot and so on?
 Is there any research, I wonder,
 about names being familiar names to people that you know?
 So for example, I felt quite warm to Sean Kemp
 that you mentioned just now
 because he's one of the greatest basketball players
 of all time.
 And name association often is a thing, isn't it?
 - Wait, not the former Lydden press head of press.
 We all remember his name.
 - He's one of the best basketball players of all time.
 - Namesake. They show names.
 - I see. I see. Okay.
 - We don't know.
 We're the same person.
 - We do. That's true.
 - That's interesting.
 I think, like, I remember in the Ukrainian election,
 the last one that Ukraine had,
 they had a lot of candidates
 who had very, very similar names, didn't they?
 Do you remember that?
 - They named themselves Zelensky, didn't they?
 - I think they'd be Zelensky with two Ys.
 All of them would be Zelensky with an E and an E.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I think that's definitely true, Dan.
 If I see a name of someone I admire,
 I'll be lucky to think one of them.
 - Yeah.
 - If I saw a Dan or James or an Anna in the polling booth.
 - Don't need to say which way you think.
 - I had no idea that hunters have to wear high vis.
 - Yeah, it's to stop them from shooting each other.
 - Well, that makes sense.
 But I just thought, I just, I think of a hunter.
 I think of someone who I haven't seen at all, actually.
 Do you know who he is?
 - He's a camouflage.
 - You think of a tree.
 You look at every tree and you think, could be a hunter.
 - Could be absolutely stuffed with hunters.
 And I know it's not.
 So I'm able to go camping with a bit more reassurance.
 - I think so.
 These are like sport hunters, I suppose.
 So they're not like, they are trying to get the animals,
 but they're more...
 - I see.
 But if they're a trained government assassins after me,
 they may not necessarily be bound by the same rules.
 - Exactly.
 - Okay, okay, okay, okay.
 I get that.
 - But I think it's unlikely.
 Although actually probably in, you know,
 parts of London where we live,
 someone in a high vis jacket would blend in,
 especially with the potholes that they have to continuously mend
 and the road works always in North London.
 - I'll tell you what, actually.
 Tell you what, the election going on,
 all these politicians going around high vis.
 Probably, you know, you see someone in high vis.
 You think it's a builder.
 It's probably a candidate for an office, you know,
 trying to pretend to be a working man, you know.
 - Damn, you're good at that.
 (all laughing)
 - Keep digging.
 Keep drilling.
 - Do you think this is creepy, by the way?
 Sorry, this is all going back to the last section,
 but speaking of candidates going around knocking on doors.
 You know, people have got smart doorbells now.
 - Yeah.
 - And politicians are saying it's quite useful
 because you can speak to someone
 even when they're not in the country.
 So you ring their doorbell and I think a Lib Dem candidate
 said someone answered from a sunbed in Spain.
 And then said another person answered from their bath.
 And they had a nice chat with them
 about who they were going to vote for.
 - All right, you know, going to Spain,
 but probably thanks to Brexit,
 not hardly anyone's in Spain these days.
 - There we go, there we go.
 And you brought it home.
 (all laughing)
 - I'm going to be to set James up like that.
 - We've hit that oil, but I knew it was down there somewhere.
 - But yeah, you did get cats in Egypt, of course.
 - Indeed.
 - The mother of all cats was Bastet.
 And in theory, all cats have a little bit of her in them.
 - Today, is she a kind of cat god all the time?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - She's like the Genghis kind of cats.
 - Exactly, all cats are little Bastets.
 (all laughing)
 - Was she a real historical cat?
 Or is she in mythology?
 - She's the goddess of, you know,
 with the cat face and the human body.
 - Got it.
 - That's cool.
 - They have a quite an interesting role in Hebrew
 and Islamic texts as well,
 which is that they didn't exist until the Ark.
 So they were created on the Ark.
 - Really?
 - So this is not according to Christian beliefs,
 but yeah, Hebrew and Islam believe that we're on the Ark.
 They've got a mouse problem.
 Some of the old texts say that the mouse was created
 because a pig sneezed and it came out of the pig's nose.
 Anyway, there's a mouse problem on the Ark.
 Everyone's like, Noah, what are we going to do about this mouse?
 And Noah rubbed his hand over the lion's head a few times
 and the lion sneezed out some cats.
 - What text is this?
 Is this Hebrew and Islamic?
 - Ancient Hebrew and Islamic texts.
 - So it's not in the Old Testament,
 but it's in the versions of the Old Testament.
 - Exactly, it's in other bits of scripture.
 - And it's quite the story.
 - I was really trying to find the very original source
 that they did back to, but it is like, yeah,
 going back to like six.
 - Well, there's a cuneiform, isn't there?
 That what's his name found?
 - Irving Finkel.
 - Irving Finkel, which is the earliest text about the Ark.
 - Maybe that's a little picture on it
 of a lion sneezing out a kissin.
 - They're such a mad sort of robes
 and otherwise very credible.
 - Right, yeah, of course.
 - When they were putting together the Old Testament,
 they must have been like, are we going to do the sneezing bit?
 No, Noah's going to believe that.
 - Actually, Muhammad loved cats.
 There's another story which I really like
 where he had to go to pray and had to put his prayer cloak on
 and he saw a cat was sleeping on it.
 So rather than wake up the cat,
 he cut off the arm of his cloak
 and took it away without waking the cat.
 - That's clever.
 - And also very much a symbol of sort of cats' relationships
 with humans.
 - Yeah, what, just sort of do what they say?
 - Yeah, they'll do what they want.
 - Yeah, they do what they want.
 We work around them.
 Do you know the most expensive pair of knob cutters?
 - Oh, no. - Oh, bonsai scissors.
 - No. - I think this is the most expensive.
 They're made by Yasuhiro Hirakawa,
 who is a fifth generation bonsai scissor maker.
 And he has one pair that go for $35,000,
 but usually sells them for about $1,100.
 And it's one of those--
 - Is it one of those tourist things?
 Like I spent so much money on like novelty chopsticks
 when I went to Japan.
 - Yeah, probably.
 And then for normal Japanese people,
 they're just on sale in Asda.
 No, it's great 'cause it's so typical Japanese
 where they take so much care
 and go to such extreme lengths.
 So there's a bonsai craftsman called Masakazu Yoshikawa
 who I watched an interview with.
 And he gets his scissors bespoke made by this scissor maker.
 And he says, he'll get on the phone, Tim,
 spend an hour explaining exactly what he wants to do.
 You know, the kind of tree, exactly the thing.
 - That's a boring hour for Mr.--
 Did you say Hirakawa?
 - Describe exactly the kind of knob he wants to cut.
 - Hirakawa's taking notes.
 - Yeah, okay, so it's a knob on the tree, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 - But you don't get one hour later, right?
 - No, I do, yeah, I have actually done this before, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Well, he's actually--
 - I'm gonna charge you $30,000 for these.
 We normally sell them at a 98% discount to all our customers.
 - He's not the one you should feel sorry for.
 'Cause then Parod Masakazu has to wait up to a year.
 - Who's that, sorry?
 - The person who's ordered the scissors.
 Then he says, you know, then Hirakawa will say,
 well, I need to research that.
 There'll be a lot of information there.
 It'll take six months to a year.
 - It is hard to research knobs on the internet.
 (laughing)
 He has to scroll through lots of pages of Google
 before he finds out these three knobs.
 - Developed a massive porn addiction.
 (laughing)
 - Yep, spends 11 months looking at porn
 and then a month making some scissors.
 - You know those lances that you get
 when someone's unveiling something?
 - Oh yeah, the novelty.
 - They don't look very sharp, though.
 - I don't think they are.
 I think, I don't know.
 - Oh, they're sharp enough for a ribbon.
 - There's some, there's some--
 - Winners really aren't that hard.
 - They can't do, they can't do microsurgery
 or anything like that.
 But why would you want them to?
 But they normally, they're--
 - Your doctor brought those out during microsurgery.
 (laughing)
 - They're just going, "This is--"
 - Yeah, the last thing you see is you're doing the couch
 for the anesthesia.
 - But normally you hire them.
 I guess because why on earth
 would you want to keep a two foot long pair of scissors.
 It's just, but there is--
 - There can't be many in the country.
 There aren't many in the country, James, I'm so glad.
 So there's, in the UK,
 there's unveilingcurtains.co.uk.
 They say no unveiling ceremony is complete
 without a pair of our giant ceremony ribbon scissors.
 But in America, there's goldenopenings.com.
 - Oh, I saw their website, really great.
 - Yeah, and what were you Googling when you found that?
 (laughing)
 - Well, I'd finished Googling, obviously, though.
 - But they are 40 inches long.
 They advertise themselves
 as the largest working scissors in the world.
 And they, you can hire those for $75,
 which is pretty good.
 - You can also hire a stand.
 - No, that's the thing, they sell you the stand.
 - What, you can't hire the stand?
 - I believe not.
 - Oh my gosh. - 'Cause you display stand,
 which you have to buy,
 and then you hire the scissors for $75.
 - What else can you use a display stand for
 after you've had to give the scissors back?
 - Nothing.
 - I've got some bigger scissors than that.
 - Have you? - Yeah, demolition shears.
 - Cool.
 - Get a corner building in there.
 - Pretty much, yeah. - What?
 - With 34 meters in length. - What?
 - Attached to a massive excavator arm.
 These are used for cutting their way
 through North Sea oil platforms.
 And essentially, they're just scissors.
 - Wow. - They're just--
 - That is cool. - Scissors technology.
 The biggest one ever is the Rush triple 34 to 25 excavator
 with a Genesis 2500 demolition shear fitted.
 - Wow. - Whatever that means.
 But yeah, because if you have to decommission an oil rig,
 it's quite hard to carry it all the way to the recycling.
 You can't just put it in like your green bin.
 - That gets projected anyway, doesn't it?
 The house will sit in the back.
 - You need to cut it into smaller bits to get rid of it.
 And so they use these massive demolition shears.
 - That is very cool.
 - Temple begotas, I just think are so cool
 because they don't fall over.
 This is the weird thing, right?
 Japan prone to earthquakes.
 - Very prone to earthquakes, yeah.
 And lots of them, I mean, they're made of wood, right?
 Lots of them have burned down, sure.
 - If there was any big, bad wolves around.
 - Oh, maybe they'd be first to go.
 - Well, they'd be second to go after the strollers.
 - But they don't, basically only two have fallen over
 in earthquakes in about 1400 years.
 - That's amazing.
 This is due to the engineering.
 - Yes, and I just, I love this so much, right?
 So you can picture the shape of a pagoda, right?
 You've got several floors, maybe,
 and it's got these great big swishing eaves, right?
 - Like ski jumps.
 - Like ski jumps, exactly.
 And they have the eaves because it's very rainy.
 The rain rushes outwards down these swishy roofs and out,
 and the eaves are big.
 So the rain eventually lands on the ground further out.
 Yeah, when it's come on.
 And that means the rain doesn't go into the foundations.
 It doesn't cause subsidence.
 - Great.
 - And the central pillar is called the shin basheera,
 and it is frequently not actually rooted in the ground.
 It's not a foundation.
 It either is on the ground,
 or it's actually sometimes just hanging above the ground, okay?
 And this, I just love this so much, right?
 So the floors are stacked on top of each other.
 They're not properly attached to each other.
 - Right.
 - So the weight of them is holding them in place?
 - Kind of, yeah.
 They're sort of like plugged into each other a bit,
 but not like nailed together, if you see what I mean.
 So basically, if the structure is swaying,
 that massive central pillar,
 it acts like a tight row walker's pole,
 and the sliding floors all collide with that central column.
 So the whole thing is like a mass damping system
 that you get in modern skyscrapers.
 - Wow.
 - And the central pillar will drag its base
 along the ground a bit,
 which means the energy gets kind of dissipated.
 It's just so clever.
 And it's been worked out 1400 years ago.
 - Yeah, that's amazing.
 - Well, the one that I'm talking about,
 the very specific one in Daigoji Temple,
 the pagoda they have there, the five-floor one,
 that's the oldest pagoda in Kyoto.
 So that's from the 1400s.
 It's mad, just sitting there, unaffected.
 - Yeah.
 - Do you think they knew it, or was it just lucky?
 - Lucky.
 - Yeah.
 It was actually just like everyone was like,
 "Why have you built these wobbly temples?
 Couldn't find any nails."
 I think we discussed a few years ago
 that they were trying to remove the smell from kimchi
 to make it more appealing globally.
 And they were worried that everyone was going to hate it
 because of the smell.
 But I'm not sure everyone has.
 It seems like they're just paranoid
 that this thing that they love,
 everyone's going to be repulsed by.
 And actually, as soon as they did release it to the world,
 everyone absolutely loved it, didn't they?
 - Yeah.
 - When they were doing the campaign,
 did they call it soul food?
 And if not, why not?
 - Oh, soul as in the capital of South Korea.
 - That's right.
 - Well, and I think, and also soul,
 like, you know, you say soul food.
 - Oh, it works in two different levels, that.
 - It does.
 I don't know if Andy realized that.
 - No, he probably didn't.
 No, I had no idea.
 I'm so grateful to you both.
 I was thinking bottom of the feet
 because it's the Olympics.
 - Well, I was thinking of the fish
 because there's fish paste in the kimchi.
 - Yeah.
 Okay, so we've established it works on multiple levels.
 - What if we covered the entire Sahara with solar panels?
 - It's delivery for the camels.
 - It would give us enough energy to power the entire world.
 - Wow.
 But surely more than.
 - Yeah, should we do that?
 - Okay.
 What, I feel like you wanted to say yes.
 - You can't just ask, like, what do you think?
 Does it sound like a good idea?
 - It would generate a massive exit
 because I think at the moment it's only half the size of whales
 which is the world's total solar power capacity.
 - I gotta say those Welsh farmers
 were not very happy when we did that.
 - Are you saying we shouldn't do it?
 - No, probably not.
 Like, basically it's terraforming, isn't it?
 It's, if you do something huge like that,
 it's going to affect lots of things
 that you can't even work out what they are.
 But one of them would be,
 they would reflect a lot of heat
 as well as creating electricity,
 making the temperature much warmer in the short term above them,
 which there would be a differential between the water
 and the area of the Sahara
 which would suck in a lot of the water as rain
 and suddenly the Sahara would get much greener.
 - Right.
 - Way more planting.
 We'd be able to farm the Sahara,
 in fact, probably the bits that didn't have solar power.
 Sounds like upsides to me.
 - Tick.
 - Well, unfortunately at the moment
 the dust from the Sahara feeds the Amazon rainforest
 because it blows over the oceans.
 So probably the Amazon rainforest would disappear
 and then that would cause massive amounts of decreased rainfall
 in crucial areas of the United States
 and would probably turn the entirety
 of the United States into a desert.
 So you basically just taken the desert from one place
 and moved it to another part of the world.
 - All right, big oil.
 And that's why we shouldn't do solar.
 - Well, there was actually another Duke
 who also was not averse to trains and tunnels, in fact,
 who I can't believe we haven't mentioned him.
 He's so amazing.
 William Bentick, who was the fifth Duke of Portland.
 So this was in around the 1850s.
 He was incredibly shy/reclusive/hated people
 and he built this world underground.
 So he is his landed seat with the Nottinghamshire
 and he built all these subterranean incredible rooms
 like this massive ballroom even though he hated people.
 So he never invited anyone to it.
 I think he used to roll a skate around it on his own.
 He built, you know, a big billiard room
 that fitted 12 billiards tables
 and he had 15 miles of tunnels connecting them all.
 Again, who's playing billiards?
 He doesn't allow anyone to see him.
 And yeah, he was near to works up railway station
 where sometimes he'd have to get the train to London.
 He doesn't want anyone to see him.
 So he built one of his tunnels, which was a mile or so long
 from his house to the railway station.
 Then he'd have his carriage with all the drapes down
 so no one could see him lifted onto the train
 and then he can get to London with no one seeing him.
 I just, I find it amazing that this world existed
 fully underground built by one person.
 Is it open to the public now?
 I was trying to find out if you can visit
 and I don't know, I don't think so.
 Can't be safe.
 Maybe it's safe, could be.
 Mr. Badger in "Wind of the Willows"
 or Badger was based on him.
 Is it not based on the fact that Badger's dig tunnels?
 No, weirdly Kenneth Graham didn't know that at the time.
 It's a total coincidence.
 I found the dullest fact I found in some years
 which is also about spiders and guitars.
 Okay.
 It's a high bar.
 BBC News, September 2012, right?
 The backstage area of a Jersey music festival
 had to be quarantined
 after a large spider jumped out of Noel Gallagher's flight case.
 Jersey live crew were unpacking his guitars on Sunday
 when they saw the huge black spider with green fangs.
 It was taken away to be checked by a herpetologist
 who I know does snakes.
 What?
 He's like, "Mrs. Nightingale is a snake nor a lizard."
 I think there was no a ragnology at that stage at Jersey Live.
 It's like, "Is there a dunce around bars?"
 "Well, I'm a dentist."
 It's exactly the same.
 All right, that is it.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you've got any questions, any comments, any opinions
 you want to add to the things that were said
 during the course of this compilation,
 podcast@ky.com, send us an email there.
 And you never know, that email might end up being read out
 on one of our Drop Us a Line episodes
 that you get as part of a club fish membership
 and we can talk about it on there.
 So that's it for now.
 As I said at the top, we are on tour.
 If you want to come and say hi,
 head to knowsuchthingasafish.com.
 All of the links are up there for all the cities and towns
 we're heading to.
 And yeah, we'd love to see you all there.
 Thundernerds, it's going to be an amazing show.
 That's it for now.
 We'll be back in a couple of weeks with more bonus content
 for you club fishers.
 So we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
