 "Ofuro mo makashimasu"
 Hello and welcome to No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI
 offices in Hoban. My name is Andrew Hunter Murray, I'm joined by James Harkin, Dan Treiber
 and Anna Tadzinski, and this is an upside-down Christmasy end of year-y episode, Lord of
 Mistrule style. I'm in charge. The lunatics have taken over the asylum. Exactly that, and instead of
 us telling you our facts, you are going to be telling us your facts. No, we will be telling
 you your facts. That's it. We will be telling each other your facts, but you are allowed to listen.
 You're welcome. Basically, we have the email address, podcast@QI.com, people write in with all
 sorts of stuff, and if you remember Clubfish, you'll hear every month the kind of things people
 write in with them, one of our bonus episodes, but also you send in a huge number of brilliant
 extra facts. So we have just gathered around here, we have a massive pile of different facts from
 all of you, some of the absolute best ones that have been sent in over the last year or two.
 You know, because we can all dip into the inbox, we might have seen a couple of them,
 a lot of them we'll have never seen before. Yeah, so would someone like to begin?
 I got the facts here. Yeah, go on. All right, this is from Haley Dargan. It says,
 "A team in Darwin, Australia, drove a car named Mudcrab, seven kilometers underwater across the
 harbour. They got bogged down nearly a dozen times and dealt with the threat of crocodiles.
 In doing this, they broke two world records, longest underwater drive and the deepest
 underwater drive." Wow. Pretty cool. I didn't, sorry, it's a cut wall kind of car?
 It's called the Mudcrab and it's, I guess, amphibious and... Drive sideways. Yep.
 That's cool that it can drive underwater. Very much don't try this with your own car,
 warning, right? Yeah, this is, I bet there's a few alterations they've made to their regular car.
 There's an old, I think it's a Mitch Hedberg joke. There's something like that,
 which I will absolutely butcher, but it's something like, "I went on a date with a girl.
 It didn't go very well. She was annoyed that I didn't open the doors for her and rather I swam
 straight to the surface." That's a very good joke. That story reminds me of that story we had in
 one of our books of the year, our books we did about the news of the year. If you want to catch
 up on the news of 2018, why don't you go to Amazon and buy it? But one of the stories was about
 those two Australian women, I think this is right, who were following their sat-nav and just,
 it was somewhere in Australia and they just followed their sat-nav into the ocean.
 Just because the sat-nav had messed up and they just went, "Must be right, must be right."
 It's amazing. And their car got stranded in the sea. Do you remember, we mentioned on the podcast,
 there was a president who had an amphibious car and he used to take, so it wasn't at the White House.
 It was Johnson. It was Johnson, that's right. And he would take his friends out in the car
 and they would go a bit down a hill where there was a lake at the bottom and then he would fake
 losing control. "Oh God, oh God, what is that?" And then they would go in the lake, but they'd
 obviously drive on. Very, very cool. If there's ever a weird wacky thing a president did fact,
 it's always LBJ, isn't it? It's amazing how time to lose the war in Vietnam.
 You lose the war in Vietnam, yeah, is where I was going. It's amazing. In the last decade or so,
 we've had such straight down the line presidents happily buttoned up, you know. In the Addo National
 Park in South Africa, if you're driving along there, dung beetles have the right of way.
 So if you're driving along and a dung beetle crosses the road, you have to just sit there
 and wait for it. "How good is everyone's eyesight in this area? Sorry, that's incredible."
 They are small, but they do push large bowls of dung. "That's a good point. Yeah, fair enough."
 And there must be a lot of traffic jams with a lot of cars stopping. Is that,
 "Can you get out of the car and check?" No, just a normal beetle, okay, get back in.
 Or a normal poo, yeah. Just a poo in the middle. I'm sure I can't see the beetle, but it must be
 there. Pretty sure it's not moving. That would be breakups. You would hear breakups there. It was
 like, "Why'd they leave you? Why'd your boyfriend leave you?" He waited five hours, five hours,
 because there was a random piece of poo sitting on the road. If you do go driving in any of these
 places like I drove in Yellowstone, I think in a few other places like that, you do have a lot
 of traffic jams, because as soon as there's an animal there, everyone stops and you just kind
 of sat there at the back. And the first two or three people can all see the animal, but of course,
 then it wanders off and they drive off and everyone else who's in the traffic jam never gets to see it.
 And the elves. The elves of Iceland we've spoken about before. Oh yeah. Well, they believe a lot
 of people in Iceland believe there are elves and they believe they live in rocks. And so if a rock
 finds its way into the middle of the road and it's a believed home of an elf, you can't move the
 rock, you have to drive around literally maybe going off-road in order to get around it until
 it's removed safely by the proper authority. Anyway, look guys, I'm sorry, we're moving on to the next
 fact. Oh, this is actually a bit of an audience feedback one. It's from Dave Clemer. We mentioned
 the Treaty of Versailles and the rights to champagne or naming champagne. Oh yeah. So Dave said,
 "I didn't know about that, but it was not shocking given the presence of two other items I knew about
 with the extreme military significance in the Treaty of Versailles. One of them was the patent
 on aspirin, which Bayer, the German pharmaceutical firm, was required to give up. The second is the
 concert pitch for orchestras being standardised such that the A above middle C is 435 Hertz.
 That was in the Treaty of Versailles. I think this is on QI this year, isn't it?
 Amazing. That's incredible. It might be on your TV in about 18 months' time.
 But yeah, the British used to tune their instruments to a different...
 Actually, everyone came to the British way, did they? I can't remember.
 I can't remember. Because they won the First World War.
 I can't remember. It was so good. That was what really upset the Germans.
 This is actually the platform on which Hitler built his rise to power, was that?
 Frequency things. 30 years of Hertz was the slogan he wrote, wasn't it? Thank you.
 Just a quick fact about that. So if you play, I can play the trumpet, for instance, and when you
 tune to the orchestra, you play a B-flat because everyone plays whatever their
 notes is tuned to, and then it all comes together, and you can hear if you're slightly flat or
 slightly sharp. But B-flat is also the way you tune a Vuvuzela.
 How many orchestras? I think there is one Vuvuzela concerto that someone wrote once.
 That's incredible. That's so good. That's the sad thing, isn't it?
 So few professional Vuvuzelists get a chance. I wonder when, last time,
 officially, an instrument's been allowed into the main orchestra posse.
 It's interesting. That's a good point. One of the sort of later,
 weird brass instruments, you know? Like, weirder than a French horn.
 You'll see a theremin often. But that's not part of a classical orchestra.
 Yeah, that's quite neat. That's a great point.
 I remember seeing, I watched a piece once. I can't remember who it was by, shame on me,
 but there was a part for cutlery. Lovely.
 So the percussionist had a load of cutlery there and they would either rattle it,
 or they would drop it, or whatever. Was it a tuning fork? Brilliant.
 There we go. There we go. If you're on fire today.
 That's another one. Come on.
 All right, here we go. This is from Tom Whitfield.
 "The world record for highest jump into water is held by Rick Charles at 172 feet."
 Can I ask, was that how high the water was, or how high he was before he got in the water?
 How would highest jump into water?
 I just thought it might be someone like, for instance, I've been to Lake Titicaca,
 which is the highest navigational lake in the world.
 Right.
 If I jumped into Lake Titicaca, I'd like to...
 You've broken this record.
 I can see what he was saying. Sorry.
 It's just a fun bit of whimsy from James, though.
 No, I love a fun bit of whimsy. You know me. I get comedy.
 I just sometimes like it to be expanded on a little bit.
 So, sorry, that's 20 feet higher than the Statue of Liberty.
 An air had to be pumped into the pool to break the surface tension.
 Otherwise, he would have gone splat.
 That's amazing.
 I think it's in the '70s or so, because there's footage of it.
 So, I follow the YouTube link that Tom put in the email.
 It's unbelievable, because he's basically on a ladder,
 which is taller than the Statue of Liberty.
 You just see so far up.
 That's hard to get up the ladder.
 I was impressed that he got up the ladder at all.
 I mean, it's stunning.
 We're on the second floor of this building, and I struggled most weeks.
 What's interesting is someone very, very recently,
 and I've heard the term "the highest jump into a body of water ever,"
 broke the record just a few days ago.
 So, maybe this is an old email, and possibly it was right at the time.
 And he doesn't have water.
 It's incredible. You see the footage.
 He's standing on the edge of a cliff, and he throws something.
 I don't know what it was.
 It looks like a giant fish, but I don't think it is.
 Into the water, and as soon as it hits and breaks this tension,
 he jumps and goes in, and it's the new world record.
 Oh, really?
 Okay, well, it must be my turn to read the facts.
 I'll take the one closest to me.
 This is from Sam Kavayaro.
 And Sam says, "I was reading an article about the early human species
 that coexisted with Homo sapiens,
 and they mentioned the estimates of how many Neanderthals were alive
 at any one time, giving an upper limit,
 and my brain immediately decided to find a relatable reference scale
 and came up with a nearby city that had similar population."
 So, I thought you might not have a sense
 of what the population of Olympia, Washington is.
 Correct.
 Absolutely zero reference for that.
 I think that's the capital of Washington, isn't it, Olympia?
 I don't even know whether that's true or not.
 I simply have not...
 I had not heard of Olympia, Washington before now.
 It's not the biggest.
 It's not Seattle.
 So, I looked up a UK comparison.
 "At the estimated most populous,
 there were as many Neanderthals as modern humans living in Torquay."
 That would be an excellent episode of Faulty Towers.
 That's great.
 Wait, how many was it?
 52,000.
 52,000, yeah.
 That is unbelievable.
 Yeah, that's...
 Wow.
 Actually, that would be a cool premise for something.
 Like, the Neanderthals are here.
 They all live in Torquay, and it's about the...
 Modern-day Torquay.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And it's just like the amusing cultural clashes that you get.
 Do they remove all of the current population of Torquay
 so the population stays at 52,000,
 or does the population balloon to 104,000?
 I think everyone in Torquay is sort of bought out of their homes,
 and it's like, we need to house exactly this number of people,
 so where can we put them up?
 You all go to Exeter.
 Exactly that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So, yeah, there were also 1,000 more Neanderthals in the world
 at their peak than there are currently inhabitants
 of the county of Rutland.
 Very nice.
 So, I mean, I reckon that I have more knowledge
 about the city of Olympia in Washington
 than I do about the county of Rutland.
 I've had my notes the smallest county.
 I live very near it,
 and I can tell you the difference between the people there
 and Neanderthals.
 Right.
 Oh, there we go.
 Ouch.
 That's a good slagic.
 Rutland used to be a proper county,
 and I believe it's now a unitary authority.
 So, much like the Neanderthal,
 it's actually sort of faded into the past.
 Wow.
 Really?
 The county of Rutland, yes.
 I thought it was still a county.
 Actually, interesting, the people of Rutland
 do bury their dead with flowers and trinkets,
 and a rumoured to have mastered fire.
 Wow.
 And actually, if you get yourself tested,
 you are often,
 you are between one and three percent Rutland.
 But I've got another one here from David Saunders.
 The British basketball league is having to change its name
 as no one can Google it,
 because the acronym is shared with a surgical procedure
 that's become very popular in recent years.
 Our Brazilian butt lift.
 That's brilliant.
 The league's new logo looks more like it's advertising
 the surgery than the basketball.
 It's true.
 I've seen the new logo and it's a big,
 it's a big Bulbas B.
 I'll put it that way.
 It does.
 It looks a bit like in Bambus.
 How interesting.
 It's been lifted.
 That's cool.
 Do you think having a big Brazilian butt
 would help you in the basketball?
 Unquestionably.
 I don't know.
 Of course.
 If you've got me there, yeah.
 You're space-hoppering your way along the court on that thing?
 Yeah.
 You don't bounce on your arse in basketball.
 I think that's a travel violation, yeah.
 But do you think like if Kobe Bryant
 was jumping and doing a basket,
 he might say to someone,
 "Can you smell my arse?"
 That was a thing, right?
 That was a, yeah, yeah.
 Just tell me how my arse tastes.
 Grandad cried.
 Because you're up your bum to the other guy's face, right?
 I was thinking, yeah.
 What was the story?
 It was like Shaquille O'Neal and Ed.
 Yeah, okay, be right.
 That's like, I just had such a flashback
 to when I was a kid.
 You know, when you used to get so embarrassed,
 your mum's singing along the really wrong words
 to modern songs.
 And I just felt that shiver hearing you say that.
 You know what?
 It was in the same episode that we mentioned that
 as the darts, players,
 where one of them farted and put the other one up.
 Oh, yeah.
 So that's why I'm conflating.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 See?
 I think that's a good, I think that's...
 Don't listen to these guys, James.
 I think that's a really good, like,
 punk line for you in whatever sport you are.
 Okay, smell my arse.
 That's my arse.
 When I'm playing Scrabble over Christmas,
 I got to say it to my hitmoss.
 He has smelled my arse.
 Oh, my God.
 Brilliant.
 Here's one.
 Ludwig Umeyer.
 In Cuban and other cigar factories,
 it used to be common to have a person to read aloud
 to the cigar rollers while they worked.
 Oh, yes.
 And the Monte Cristo cigar brand got its name
 because the Count of Monte Cristo
 was an extremely popular choice
 for the workers to listen to.
 That's incredible.
 That's interesting.
 I heard the story one, I think.
 Yeah.
 I think we told that on the show at one point.
 Oh, did we?
 Sorry, okay.
 Yeah, but that's a great extra detail.
 Yeah, that's the bit that I think is amazing,
 really, the Monte Cristo bit.
 It's such a long bit.
 It is long, yeah.
 You could watch Sony Cigar as well listening to that.
 It's long but quite exciting.
 And also, it's not very, I would say...
 You don't really need to remember what happened at the start,
 so you could, like, swoop in and swoop out a bit,
 because it's just him and his adventures, isn't it?
 It almost feels like the second half
 is a bit like a comic book.
 There's, like, a 300-page digression in Paris
 in the middle bit.
 Yeah, I know, but that's...
 But you don't need to know what's happened before.
 It's just, like, there's this rich dude
 having a bloody whale of a time.
 Yeah.
 On Cuba, Fidel Castro once ate 18 bowls of ice cream
 in a single sitting.
 Okay.
 Yeah, he just liked ice cream.
 As like, oh, that wasn't a challenge.
 It wasn't a challenge.
 He really liked ice cream.
 There was a big thing in Cuba,
 which we might have mentioned before,
 about milk and stuff like that,
 and being able to feed the country with amazing cows
 and stuff like that.
 So it was partly an advertising thing
 about how great our milk is,
 but it was also partly he just loved ice cream.
 Right.
 His sister died this year.
 His sister passed away.
 Yeah.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 She was a double agent, basically.
 She, to begin with, loved Castro,
 and then when he took over,
 and then he continued to sort of go in a direction
 that was bad, she went,
 hang on a second, I thought you were going to be good
 when you got into power, and he wasn't.
 And so she left Cuba.
 I can't remember where she went.
 And, yeah, he became a spy,
 and was really a big part in his downfall.
 Sorry he didn't have a downfall.
 He...
 Sorry, sorry.
 Sorry, sorry.
 He basically outlasted 10 U.S. presidents.
 Sorry.
 Like, she was the worst spy ever.
 I guess that's where the double agent bit comes in.
 She's actually doing a four keeper.
 Yeah, I'll make sure I bring him down.
 Next week, honestly, he's coming down.
 One of the first facts I remember discovering for QI
 was in a cigar magazine about Kennedy
 when he placed the embargo on Cuba.
 His last move before that was to order
 a couple of suitcases of Cuban cigars, wasn't it?
 Well, he would have them sent over to him,
 and then the gates came down.
 I love though that they would discover that fact in Cuba
 while someone's reading out a biography of JFK
 as part of the Rolex system.
 Yes.
 He did what?
 The factory workers.
 Shall I take another?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Back to from the middle.
 Okay, again, this is the closest to me.
 So, Rebecca from Ottawa.
 I think not the band, probably the province.
 We'll find out, I guess.
 What did Ottawa sing?
 Final Count?
 No, not the Final Count.
 That's something really famous, they say.
 Sorry, I don't know.
 Final Countdown was when they called Europe.
 Yeah, Ottawa.
 Ottawa, not Ottawa.
 They did D-I-S-C-O.
 Oh, that's a big story.
 D-I-S-C-O.
 But unfortunately, slightly different names.
 So, Brenda's that whole bit.
 So, Rebecca, who is a person who lives in Ottawa,
 an Ottawa, you might say.
 Right, say that.
 Do you think there's a shop in Ottawa?
 Ottawa and Ottomans.
 Like a furniture shop.
 Yeah.
 There should be, shouldn't there?
 There should be, yeah.
 Ottawa, Rebecca, writes,
 "Thought you might enjoy this new story from Canada
 about a sad goat."
 She goes on to put the headline,
 which is "Mysterious Screams on BC Island,"
 British Columbia, I imagine.
 "Turn out to be from a sad goat,
 Royal Canadian Mounted Police say."
 And yeah, there was basically a lot of sounds
 in the bottom of a ravine in British Columbia,
 in Quadra Island.
 And the Mounties say it didn't come from a person in distress,
 but rather a sad goat.
 It sounded apparently a bit like,
 "Help! Help!"
 Oh, that was great.
 Do we know why the goat was so sad?
 Yes.
 We, the momma goat's babies had been removed
 and she was calling for them.
 Oh.
 Been removed.
 That is sad.
 That has taken a sad turn.
 Yeah.
 I'm now, yeah, I'm now siding with her on the dinner.
 Could have been just removed temporarily
 to go to nursery.
 Yes.
 Do you think, do you think that's what it was?
 It's hard to sell.
 Thankfully, officers confirmed all was well
 and nobody, besides the momma goats,
 was in any kind of distress.
 Huh.
 Poor old, poor old momma goat.
 Don't know how much we did enjoy that.
 Should be looking around at everyone's faces.
 Yeah.
 It is de-distressing.
 It was I...
 Okay, never mind.
 It was nice idea for a joke.
 I got one here, which is from Ivor Cardus.
 And it's from chapter five of A Very British Murder
 by Lucy Walsley.
 And so this is an extract, I think word for word.
 "During the First World War,
 trainee soldiers were frequently set the initiative test
 of hiding and spending the night
 in Madame Tussaud's Chamber of Horrors.
 This caused such inconvenience
 that Madame Tussauds was forced officially
 to ask the War Office to stop the practice."
 How many soldiers would fit in Madame Tussaud's Chamber of Horrors
 before it became unmanageably...
 Yeah.
 Like, poor it's just a military training ground at that point.
 What is the Chamber of Horrors?
 Is it one room? Is it a whole building?
 No, it's a sort of labyrinthine basement
 full of, you know, spooky people...
 It's relatively small, though.
 It's tight, isn't it?
 The corridors.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 People jump out at you, people grab you.
 Yeah, I actually really don't like those
 when actors are jumping out at you.
 I get why people do, but I just find them really teased.
 But you love horror films.
 Yeah.
 But it's like a live horror film, isn't it?
 It's not really, it's just people trying to scare you.
 That actually, now you say it, that is quite like a horror film.
 I don't like it because I find both of them equally scary, you know?
 I don't like ghost rides, all things like that,
 because I have such high hopes and they're always disappointed
 because they're never scary enough.
 Except the ghost ride at Alton Towers.
 I'm absolutely terrified in all of them.
 I'm shouting to the people behind me in the ghost train.
 Can you smell my ass?
 You know, I'm really.
 In the after World War One,
 K-World War Two,
 in World War Two, would Kitchener have been a...
 No, not Kitchener.
 Who was it?
 An American.
 Who's an American?
 General?
 General.
 Patrick?
 Eisenhower?
 I can't remember who it was.
 Might have begun with K.
 Anyway, an American goes back to France
 and he sees that there's a war grave
 that the locals have been looking after for years and years and years.
 And what he doesn't have the guts to tell them
 is actually they'd mistaken it.
 It wasn't a war grave, it was a toilet.
 And they'd had this kind of like latrine,
 which all the soldiers had used.
 And they'd put something on there to kind of say,
 "This is the latrine."
 And the locals, when they came back,
 saw it and thought it was a grave.
 No.
 And for 25 years, they were putting flowers down.
 Oh, England.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But like, did they put a headstone down to mark the latrine?
 Because that would be a weird thing to do for one thing.
 It wasn't that.
 It was more like, you know, you put a stick with some flowers.
 So the people would know that it was a latrine.
 Oh, no.
 And it was in, whoever it was,
 it was in his memoirs that he went back there 25 years later,
 and this is what they would do.
 Why did he go back to the toilet?
 I want to have one final poo to remind me of the good old days.
 Back to the area where he was stationed.
 What's awful is that if you squatted and took a poo there,
 you'd probably be arrested for desecration.
 Yes.
 Such a holy mo-
 And yet, you're the only one doing the right thing.
 Yes.
 We shout as they dragged you away in chains.
 Yeah.
 That's a great story.
 Oh, yeah.
 Hannah, you go.
 Here's one from Matilda H.
 In 2018, Ikea released an advert designed to be urinated on.
 I think we might have said this.
 Yes, I remember this.
 We did do this.
 It was a pregnancy test.
 It was.
 Yes.
 And it got you a discount on...
 Your baby.
 Give you a free baby.
 You got a crib discount on the crib.
 Yes, it's baby furniture.
 But I mean, not how much furniture baby needs to be on the crib,
 does it?
 They don't need a writing desk or a...
 A baby shays long.
 Shays short, yeah.
 Yeah, it said a positive pregnancy reading
 would get you a discount of 50%.
 And according to the agency,
 getting the technological aspect of the ad
 took some work.
 However, they quote in the email,
 "The pregnancy test strip was used as a starting point."
 Makes sense.
 "Which relies on antibodies that bind to the pregnancy hormone,
 HTG, resulting in the color change."
 And did you have to take along the now quite urinary magazine
 or whatever it was?
 Yeah, I don't know.
 Were they waterproof posters that they put up?
 I guess you did.
 But it's not a poster.
 You can't have people going around peeing on the posters.
 Just as releasing an advert.
 Don't know what form came in.
 Yeah, doesn't say capable of the TV.
 People are trying to get a pissy tally.
 So many people were electrocuted by this campaign.
 They had to end it.
 Oh, that's great.
 That's a great fact.
 Here's a good one.
 I guess this is from Hailey Inslee.
 Mass produced tomatoes in cans.
 We're all familiar with those.
 Oh, their existence to Galapagos tortoises.
 Is it a riddle me this?
 Yeah, that is a riddle me this, isn't it?
 What is it?
 Would you like to have a riddle?
 Is there any chance we can get it?
 No.
 So, famously on the beagle,
 all the giant tortoises that were brought back were eaten as food, right?
 So, you've got a giant turtle that's been eaten,
 but you've not got the turtle, but you've got the shell.
 Is it possible that any of the fruit and veg that was on the boat
 was then stored inside the empty shells?
 Really?
 And it kind of kept them fresh enough that they thought,
 oh, we should be storing it.
 That is really good.
 That's really good.
 That's very plausible.
 Can I have another guess, assuming that that's not right?
 Yeah.
 Tomatoes you get in a tin are a very special species
 that are not the normal tomatoes you get,
 because they work better in tins.
 And these species of tomatoes where the seeds went through a turtle
 and in the turtle's poo and grew out of turtle poo.
 Very good.
 Do you know James is actually closest here?
 Oh, wow.
 I'm going to give James the point, because that's...
 So, okay, I'll tell you what it is.
 It's sort of a bit like that.
 Okay, when you pick a...
 Oh, and you should all have been saying tortoises throughout.
 Sorry, I'll take another point.
 When you pick a tomato, that short section of stem that comes with it,
 you know, that little spidery bit, is the callix.
 And there's a tiny bit of stem breaking off from a joint
 which is called the pedicel, right?
 So for many years, these sharp stubs meant you couldn't put them
 into automatic harvesting bins,
 because you'd end up with sharp stubs in the can, right?
 But an American botanist called Charles Rick, two first names,
 discovered a tomato plant with jointless pedicels,
 but he couldn't get them to germinate.
 The only solution he found as a last ditch was to feed the seeds to some tortoises.
 The seeds then germinated quickly.
 He bred from them.
 Within a couple of years,
 all mass-produced tinted tomatoes could be machine harvested.
 - Wow! - So I think...
 - James is amazing. - But also, Charles Rick,
 what amazing lateral thinking going...
 The only way I can do this is to feed it through an animal.
 He must have tried various different things,
 even different animals before then, I would think.
 Yeah, that's incredible.
 No, you're right.
 I got one here from Jeff Houghton.
 Check out a guy by the name of Francis Wharton,
 a backwards man, I think, British Columbia, who in the...
 A backwards...
 Backwards, rather than backwards, right?
 From the backwards, not...
 He's a backwards man.
 Yeah.
 British Columbia, who in the 1960s shot a deer,
 used its teeth to make his own dentures,
 then used them to eat the deer with its own teeth.
 - Wow! - Blimey.
 That's incredible, if true.
 I've got a question.
 Yeah.
 Do deer have canine teeth?
 You wouldn't have thought so, would you?
 I would have thought they're mostly molar-based
 for all the plants they eat.
 - Yeah. - You wouldn't want to eat sort of live prey.
 But you can sharpen, right?
 Presumably, that's what he was doing.
 He probably shaved them to size.
 Yeah.
 Which animal's teeth would you most like to have in your mouth?
 What a great question.
 Well, what about the sheep's head fish
 that we mentioned the other day,
 which has the teeth of human teeth?
 I wouldn't want those.
 I would want...
 Okay, wow.
 I mean, shark's teeth, where they grow on a conveyor belt.
 Sorry, just on Anna's point.
 I guess the question is,
 are you doing it to improve yourself,
 or has some evil demon come to you saying,
 "You must have another animal's teeth,"
 in which case, Anna's idea is quite clever,
 because you're like,
 "Well, basically, I'm just getting human teeth back."
 You're tricking the demon, though.
 Yeah.
 I think the demon will say,
 "And it can't be the sheep's head fish."
 It's a nice try.
 Yeah.
 That wasn't in the contract.
 I want...
 You know how blue whales have that sort of...
 Baleen.
 Yeah.
 No, no.
 There's huge plates of...
 Where you...
 Baleen.
 Baleen.
 Yeah.
 The system whereby that you can only get krill through.
 Yeah, because it's called baleen.
 Yeah.
 There we go.
 I don't...
 I don't baleen.
 Oh!
 What's that?
 It's what blue whales have.
 That's a nice idea.
 Yeah.
 So then every meal, every dinner party I go to,
 it's like, "Oh, the guy who can only eat krills coming."
 We've got to...
 Kate, hundreds of thousands of krill food.
 Got one vegetarian, one vegan, and the krill guys,
 and there's nothing that'll please all of them.
 Guys, Dan, I've just realized,
 I don't think you have any canines.
 Oh.
 Really?
 Holy moly.
 Look at that.
 Holy moly.
 So normally you've got two in the middle,
 two on the sides, then two canines, right?
 Where are your third teeth out?
 They're completely flat.
 Dan, whoa.
 You're the newly evolved human,
 because we don't need our canines anymore,
 because we have cutlery.
 So well done.
 Hang on, I find it really hard to bite things these days.
 Yeah, you can see Anna's canine's right there.
 No, honestly, this is incredible.
 So, you know, when you go to the pub and you buy a pack of crisps,
 and often you want to open it up so that everyone can eat it,
 you might bite into it.
 For years I could do that,
 and then suddenly, five years ago, I can't bite.
 I can't get through.
 Someone's come and shaved your teeth in the night.
 Holy moly.
 Well, there you go.
 We've learned an interesting fact today,
 and here's another one from Jeff Partica,
 who opens with an admission.
 He says, "I may have a fact-sharing problem.
 Thanks for letting us know,
 but I'd be remiss if I didn't share at least one.
 I myself do not hunt,
 with this fact being one good reason.
 In any given year,
 Michigan, Wisconsin, Minnesota, and Pennsylvania
 combine to issue over 2.5 million deer hunting licenses,
 which, if an organized group,
 would be the largest standing army in the world."
 Knowing some hunters, though,
 generally speaking, organized would not be the word I do for them.
 Isn't that the idea of Americans being able to bear arms?
 Certainly is.
 In case the government goes rogue,
 there is automatically a standing army there.
 Right.
 I think that's one of the arguments.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Or in case the deer finally get their act together
 and rub out on mass.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Claim back their teeth.
 I haven't done one for a while.
 Yeah, go for it.
 Go for it.
 Can I read this?
 This is from Noa de Koening from the Netherlands.
 "Today I found out that the timer on your washing machine
 doesn't just feel wrong, it often is.
 The timer on your washing machine is an estimation
 based on the weight of your laundry
 or, inverted commas, load sense,
 and it adjusts itself as it goes."
 That's incredible.
 Oh, my God.
 Is it Noa?
 Yeah, no.
 Noa, you've saved the world for the second time today,
 because that is...
 My mind is blown.
 I've wandered this for years, haven't we all?
 Because how often have we looked
 at the last minutes of the washing machine,
 especially when you're desperate,
 it's just before you go to bed
 and you're desperate to take it out?
 And apparently, because I did see this one,
 I looked into it,
 the last minutes are specifically the ones
 where the timing messes up quite a lot.
 Is it because there's less water,
 so they're less heavy, maybe?
 It's because the cycle...
 What's happening in the cycle in the last minutes
 is they're spinning it around,
 so it's to do with water.
 It's trying to shed the excess water.
 So, depending on the density of your wash,
 the water can be much greater
 than the washing machine has estimated at the end.
 So, yes, it'll spin for longer and longer,
 and that's why they're agonizing.
 When you go in eight minutes,
 you go in eight minutes later,
 it's seven minutes, whatever,
 it's really annoying.
 That's a great fact.
 Thank you, Noa.
 Incredible.
 Can we just say, Dan has lined up
 loads of facts before him.
 Like, he's sort of doing
 monopoly money collection over here.
 No, they just happen to be facing me.
 Oh, interesting.
 I mean, arguably,
 see all those bits of paper in front of you.
 We can all throw stones.
 Can I read out a fact?
 What? That was just about to...
 I've got 20 lines up to it.
 Oh, you've got loads.
 You've done loads.
 You've done loads.
 Like, here's one.
 Here's one from Dominic Brown.
 Oh, I don't know.
 He's a pretty intense host this time.
 Yeah.
 It's about time someone started cracking the whip.
 No, I love this.
 This is from Dominic Brown.
 The US Navy has an army
 which has an air force.
 That's great.
 I was looking this up
 to try and find out a bit more about it.
 It turns out that the US Army
 also has its own Navy.
 They've got...
 I can't remember.
 It's called Army Watercraft Systems,
 and they have got 130 boats or ships
 or vessels or whatever it is.
 Right.
 It must be quite confusing.
 Yeah.
 I go in here, Chelsea Pyle.
 My husband told me this.
 Sounds like a very expensive house.
 My husband told me this interesting fact,
 and I found an article to explain it.
 When Mount St. Helens erupted in 1980,
 the sound of the explosion
 could be heard as far away as Canada.
 So we kind of all know that, right?
 Like it sort of went...
 Where's Mount St. Helens?
 Quite near Canada, right?
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 I mean, it is, isn't it?
 What?
 It's in the Northwest of America.
 Oh, the USA?
 Yeah.
 Oh, okay.
 Okay.
 It's in Washington.
 Okay.
 But still...
 Oh, that's next door.
 There's still a distance, though, right?
 The point of the next sentence...
 Several hundred miles away
 that you can hear this eruption.
 Yeah, right.
 There you go.
 The sound of the explosion
 could be heard as far away as Canada.
 But to those closest to the epicenter,
 it made no sound at all.
 Oh, I see.
 What?
 Yeah.
 What?
 That's pretty amazing.
 Is this like a trick
 because they were underwater or something?
 How is that possible?
 They were in a mudcrab vehicle,
 setting a world record.
 Is that...
 How?
 Is it like being in the eye of a storm?
 I guess so, right?
 Yeah.
 Oh.
 It can't be currently.
 No, no, sorry.
 I was just saying yes.
 Is it like that?
 I wasn't saying yes, it is.
 It is weird because sound...
 I don't feel like sound acts like the eye of a storm,
 I guess, which is where it's whirling around you.
 It's not like James talks,
 and if I'm standing right in front of him,
 I can't hear it, but if I step to the side...
 And now James is miming at me for the distance at home.
 That's a really good visual, Ken.
 Yeah.
 That was great.
 If sound gets too loud,
 it creates a shockwave rather than a sound wave.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, is that so?
 Maybe it's that.
 That's very good.
 Do you not have the reason?
 No, I mean, I'm clicking the link here with my finger
 on this bit of paper, but it's not open.
 Sorry, that's my fluff.
 I should have...
 Oh, dear.
 Someone else read it.
 This is from Hannah Killen or Kylan?
 Kylan, I think.
 Kylan, okay.
 This is from Hannah Kylan.
 During the World Wars, spies, mainly women,
 were discovered because what would have given them away?
 So they trained in language,
 they trained in culture and manner.
 What would have given them away?
 Specifically, something specifically female that...
 You know what, I thought it was going to be at first?
 There was a woman who was arrested
 because they had some weird writing on their buttocks.
 And what had happened was they'd sat on a train
 and they were worried about the dirty seats.
 So I'd put some newspaper underneath their bum
 and then the print had gone onto their bum cheeks
 and it had been like backwards writing.
 So they didn't really know what it said.
 So they assumed that she'd been dispatched into the country
 with a secret message for the resistance.
 Exactly. Written on her bum.
 And it just said, "Could you smell my ass?"
 Was it they ordered pints instead?
 And in Germany, you don't order pints.
 No, I guess like famous examples are
 a spy once was outed when she was giving birth
 and she started swearing in her actual name
 after that kind of stuff.
 No, we talked about the spies,
 the German spies who were caught in the UK
 because didn't they have a lot of...
 Was it sausages in their bag or something?
 And there were French spies who were given away
 because they smelled of garlic or something.
 Do you remember that?
 No, it's too crude.
 Yeah, there was an Australian spy
 who was throwing a boomerang.
 There was a Mexican spy with a big sombrero.
 It's so cute. There was one amazing story
 where a guy was...
 They thought he was a spy and they just couldn't get him.
 They kept trying, they're interrogating,
 doing all the tricks to get him to do.
 And he was just flawless.
 And then supposedly one day when crossing a road,
 one of the people who was trying to out him
 was behind him and went, "Watch out a car!"
 And he looked the wrong way.
 Brilliant.
 And but like, you need a lot of witnesses.
 Like, how does that hold up in court?
 Yeah.
 Everything else is...
 Anyway, the answer here is that they knitted wrong.
 So this is from a book by Debbie Stoller
 called Stitch and Bitch.
 And the idea is that Americans knit
 in a very cumbersome, time-consuming way.
 These are Hannah's words.
 It feels like, yes.
 Where they let go of the yarn
 and then loop it around the needle.
 Whereas Europeans never let go of the yarn
 and can make the stitches much faster.
 So they would be outed for their knitting style.
 Wow.
 So this is American spies in France,
 presumably, or in Germany or whatever.
 Yeah, it's going to be interesting.
 Great fact.
 Yeah.
 Because in knitting, people used to knit codes
 in various wars, didn't they?
 Like, morse code into knitting.
 You'd have specific lumps in your knitwear.
 I don't know how much it was done
 and how much there was a lot of fear mongering around.
 Oh my God.
 Is that person wearing a jumper
 actually transmitting morse code to their friend?
 But you could definitely knit code into stuff.
 Remember that, also, that where they used to show you
 people's heads and tattoo them?
 Yes.
 And then this is back in like--
 I think--
 This is a revolution, so it broke me at times.
 Yeah.
 And the hair would grow back.
 Exactly.
 There's a problem with that.
 And with the pregnancy one.
 Yeah.
 Is you have to wait quite a long time
 between setting it up and getting the pay off.
 The message will be out of date by the time.
 You would think so.
 You would think so.
 Wait, what was pregnancy one?
 Well, like, for instance, the idea
 that Dan mentioned, which was when a woman gives birth,
 she'll swear in her own language.
 Sorry, yes.
 If you weren't sure someone was an agent
 and you had to wait for them to get pregnant
 and then wait nine months and then--
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And how are you going to impregnate them as well?
 They're what it's not going to be.
 Probably the normal way.
 She got pregnant in a peculiarly British way.
 All right.
 This is from Jeremy Correken.
 And he says, "My hometown, Rochester, New York,
 forgot it had a nuclear reactor.
 And it found out when they were about to tear it down."
 And--
 The wrecking ball has just swung back.
 I've just thought of something.
 And there's more detail on this.
 And it's amazing, actually.
 I'll just read it to you.
 So Kodak may be a sinking ship.
 Kodak the company.
 Oh, yeah.
 A humorously written piece here.
 But apparently it's a nuclear sinking ship
 for more than 30 years.
 The company kept a small reactor running in its basement
 in Rochester.
 And it was used for research and powered by 3.5 pounds
 of uranium.
 Kodak the--
 I think the camera--
 The camera people.
 The camera people.
 Had their own nuclear.
 Believe so.
 That's amazing.
 And it's the kind they make bombs from.
 Apparently--
 Wow.
 They took precautions.
 The reactor was locked away in a concrete bunker.
 It never leaks.
 And I'm just going to skip through and try
 to find out why Kodak would keep getting
 a nuclear reactor.
 Is that originally what photobombing was?
 It was much more dangerous, yeah.
 So good.
 So starting decades ago, Kodak had an interest
 in neutrons, subatomic particles that can be used
 to determine the makeup of a given material
 or create an image of it without damaging it.
 Yeah, you can see that.
 OK, so you can fire neutrons at something
 and get an image of it.
 And to do that, you need to create a nuclear reactor
 in order to generate a bunch of neutrons, I guess.
 Wow.
 How else are you going to do it?
 That's incredible.
 Can I do one?
 Yeah.
 Elizabeth Royce writes, "There's a bridge in West Virginia
 which was only fixed after the Soviet Union intervened."
 This is great.
 So I sort of looked up what was going on here
 and basically it was an article about it
 on the Blue Ridge Country website.
 It's called Vulcan, this place, this tiny town.
 Very few people living there.
 They had no safe way to drive out of town
 because there was a bridge that collapsed in 1974.
 The only way you could get in and out
 was to drive up the Kentucky side of the tug,
 which I guess is the river,
 and walk across a narrow, swinging bridge.
 Children had to crawl under parked railroad cars
 at the railroad's bridge to get to school.
 One child lost a leg doing that.
 So just like horrible situation and, you know,
 just a nightmare.
 They can't get in and out of town.
 And this guy called John Robinette,
 who was the self-appointed mayor apparently,
 wrote to the Soviet Embassy in 1977 in Whattington, DC,
 describing Vulcan's plight and requesting foreign aid for a bridge.
 And the Soviets dispatched a journalist who reported back saying,
 "Yes, of course, we'll fund your bridge.
 If America can't do this, we will pay for it."
 Nice.
 Because of the PR, PR coup.
 Within hours of that journalist visiting,
 word came down from the governor saying,
 "Yeah, we'll build a bridge. We'll build a bridge."
 And there we go.
 They kept the promise and eventually the bridge was delivered.
 According to news reports,
 Vulcan residents celebrated with illegally imported Russian vodka.
 Nice.
 In the American flag hung high.
 That's a good story.
 Mia Tappin says,
 "A lone word is a word borrowed from another language.
 A calque is a direct translation of one word into another language."
 See?
 Subtle difference.
 Remember that.
 The word calque, and bear in mind my spelling this,
 C-A-L-Q-U-E,
 the word calque is an example of a lone word
 because it comes from the French word calque.
 And the word lone word is an example of a calque
 because it's directly translated from German as lane word,
 meaning lone word.
 That's super.
 So good.
 Wow.
 I love that.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 Here's a fun one.
 This is from Dan Maynard.
 "Hey, I have a fun fact about Aussie Osborne.
 I tried sending it to James on Instagram,
 but not sure if you'll see it."
 Sorry, that's not the fact.
 I don't really know how Instagram works,
 I'll be honest.
 I am on it.
 No such thing as James Harkin.
 He is.
 I can prove that,
 because I watch him post stuff from @shribeland.
 Jesus Christ.
 The self-plugging is off the chouser.
 Anna, anything you want to...?
 I've got nothing, thanks.
 Well, Dan writes,
 "If you don't already know the story,
 in 1972, Black Sabbath were recording Volume 4
 in a mansion in Bel-Air.
 Aussie went and adjusted the thermostat
 and continued on with the day.
 Next thing, the cops turn up,
 sirens blaring,
 and here everyone thinks it's a drug raid in the house
 and proceeded to flush away
 and snort as many drugs as possible.
 It turns out,
 Aussie had not adjusted the thermostat,
 he had in fact hit the emergency call button
 and alerted the local police.
 And they were just there to check if everything was okay.
 We're back, we're back.
 Let's get back.
 I suppose there's no crime,
 there's no criminal offence of having taken drugs,
 even like five minutes ago.
 That's really interesting,
 and I think no one's ever properly tried that in court,
 because I think that is, in theory, that is true,
 but it's difficult to say that something's never been
 in your possession if you've taken it,
 especially as it's in your body.
 But if you've taken every bit of it,
 and it's just fizzing around your nervous system,
 is it, like, is that still possession?
 Possession is illegal,
 and if it's in your stomach, arguably, you're possessing it.
 And it's very difficult to say it's in my stomach,
 but at no stage did I ever possess it.
 This is quite a fun one.
 Chuck Norris once helped deliver a baby on a helicopter?
 No, he didn't.
 This is from James Wetter.
 It happened in 2013.
 There was a woman in, you know, the Ars of Silly?
 Yes.
 When you're pregnant and you're about to give birth,
 you go to the mainland.
 Yeah.
 But she went into labour
 and then gave birth in mid-air on the helicopter.
 Okay.
 And Chuck Norris happened to be on that helicopter flight,
 right?
 On board the helicopter was Lieutenant Commander Chuck Norris.
 He was the observer on board the helicopter.
 Come on.
 And, yeah, the baby was born mid-air.
 And they took off with seven passengers on board
 and landed with eight.
 That's so cool.
 And then in 2022, it happened again.
 Chuck Norris again?
 No, don't think so.
 I'm not sure.
 Here's one for you, Andy.
 If you're in a certain town in Switzerland,
 whose name escapes me,
 once a year, you can get a helicopter ride for six euros fifty.
 Riddle me this.
 Is this?
 Normally, of course, it would cost you a lot of money to get a helicopter.
 Right, okay.
 And where is this one, so?
 It's in Switzerland somewhere.
 And is this for me because I'm cheap?
 No, no, it's because you like infrastructure.
 And, you know, vehicles and stuff like that.
 So are you hitching a lift on?
 I've given too much away.
 Are you hitching a lift because it's flying under a,
 what do I like, a finicky, a tour finicky railway?
 It's a bane of moss and everyone's refusing to get in it.
 So priceless.
 Think finiculars.
 That's a link here.
 Okay.
 So rather than a funicular helicopter,
 whereby it's attached to a tower
 and the rotors provide the power to lift it.
 Brilliant.
 But you're going by helicopter.
 I've got it.
 I think I've got it.
 Is it a, it's like a rail replacement bus service,
 except it's a finicular replacement helicopter.
 Exactly.
 It's now amazing.
 And they're not allowed to charge more than the finicular.
 Precisely.
 So once a year, they have to put the finicular into maintenance,
 but they still need to get to their village.
 And so the government puts on a rail replacement helicopter.
 And of course they can only charge you the amount
 that you would charge if it was a train.
 That is so good.
 I would just wait at the bottom.
 No, thank you.
 I don't need to get home.
 I'll just wait for the finicular to be back in service.
 There's a fact I said ages ago.
 And when I say fact, it's something I said out loud
 that I'd love to confirm.
 And I still haven't confirmed it.
 And I promise I've been looking, which
 is that there was a story that Chuck Norris,
 the actual Chuck Norris actor, as opposed
 to the helicopter pilot, all of his movies are arguably,
 I think, a bit B movie-ish, not very good.
 You'd watch it for the fighting, right?
 He's got kids.
 He doesn't want his kids to watch his movies,
 because it has fighting.
 So the story is, is that Chuck Norris edits out
 the fighting scenes from his movies,
 and then lets his kids just watch the shitty experiments.
 That's the whole movie.
 That's so funny.
 Chuck Norris.
 But I read it in an interview with him once,
 and I can't find it anywhere.
 So I'm still looking.
 I'm still on the hunt.
 Wow.
 That's a great fact.
 This is a good one from Dylan Difford.
 In May 2005, the British Department of Trade and Industry
 was briefly renamed the Department of Productivity, Energy
 and Industry.
 But the name was reverted after one week
 when it was suggested that this made Minister Alan Johnson,
 if you remember him, the Productivity, Energy,
 and Industry Secretary, or Penis.
 I can't imagine Mr. Johnson had any problem with that.
 Oh, well indeed he did.
 Very good.
 I think this is the shortest one we've got from Stuart Marsh.
 The company that makes square fire extinguishers
 is called Oval.
 What?
 I've never seen a square fire extinguisher.
 I think I looked it up when that fact came into the inbox,
 and it's--
 What an odd thing to have.
 They're real.
 They are real.
 That's amazing.
 Do we know why?
 OK, here's an idea.
 You put them on a ship, and then they won't roll away.
 Yeah.
 Brilliant.
 Very good.
 Safe all over.
 Yeah.
 Nice.
 And that is the only reason I can possibly take off for a--
 Easier to stack in the warehouse.
 Yeah.
 If I was shopping for a square fire extinguisher
 and I was a ship captain, I wouldn't open up the website
 that was OvalExtinguishers.com.
 This is from Amy Apple, and apparently was also sent in
 by John Turbow.
 Yeah.
 And Turbow was my nickname when I was younger.
 It was.
 And John's your brother's name, so is there some sort of--
 The fact is that a few years ago,
 Nicholas Fazel, a biology that University of Lausanne
 in Switzerland and his colleagues developed a fascination
 with the penises of seratine bats,
 which is a species found in woodlands and the attics
 of old buildings.
 Seratine bats sport abnormally long penises
 with wide heart-shaped heads.
 When erect, the members are around seven times longer
 than the female's vagina, and their bulbous heads
 are seven times wider than the vaginal opening.
 Oh, it's a lot of detail, isn't it?
 Anyway, Fazel wondered, as you would, how does this work?
 How can they use that for copulation?
 Long and short of it, as it were.
 The long and wide--
 Basically, they hang upside down.
 The male climbs onto the female's back
 and gets her neck, as bats do.
 But then he uses his erect penis
 to push the female's tail membrane to the side,
 locates her vulva, and then he just puts his penis
 on her vagina, and copulates there.
 So it's more of a--
 It's more like a cloacal kiss.
 It's a cloacal kiss, yes.
 It's a nice way of putting it.
 God, they do have massive penises, bats.
 Do you remember I got--
 Do you not remember?
 I showed you a photo, and I got sent a picture
 by Colonel John Blastridge Snell
 when he was out on his expedition.
 So look at this big bat, and I opened it.
 It was a bat that strung up with this giant floppy penis.
 It was huge.
 It was huge.
 Wow.
 I'm still--
 It's still burnt in my memory as a terrifying image.
 Holy dick pic, that's bad.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of your facts.
 Thank you very much for listening,
 and thank you for sending them in.
 If you would like to get in contact with us
 about the things that you have said
 over the course of this podcast
 via Ask Your Mouth Pieces,
 you can get in contact with us online.
 I'm @andrewhunterm, James.
 I'm on threads, no such thing as James Harkin,
 but I haven't done any threading.
 Okay.
 Exciting.
 Dan.
 Threads.
 I'm on Instagram, on @Shriberland.
 And Anna, if people want to contact us--
 Yes, you can contact the podcast
 by going to @NoSuchThing on Twitter
 or by emailing podcast at qi.com.
 That's right.
 Or you can go to NoSuchThingAsAfish.com
 where we have lots of stuff.
 We have merch.
 We have various--
 A few other endeavors that we're up to.
 We also have a portal there to Club Fish,
 the exclusive members lounge,
 which is a really fun place to be.
 Isn't that right, guys?
 It sure is.
 If you liked what you just heard
 for the last 40 minutes or so,
 every month or so we do a Drop As Align,
 which is of a similar bent.
 Yeah, yeah.
 There's bonus stuff.
 There are ad-free episodes.
 There's a thriving fan community called Discord.
 It's on a thing called Discord.
 I know what Discord is.
 Don't write it.
 It's the place where you would probably find out first
 about new gigs that we're doing.
 Yeah.
 There's some tempting schmutter on display at Club Fish.
 So go to NoSuchThingAsAfish.com.
 Thanks very much.
 We'll see you next time.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
