 [unintentional music plays]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Shriver, I'm sitting here with Anacizansky, James Harkin, and Andy Murray.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our board-favorite facts from
 the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Chazinsky.
 My fact is that Kaiser Wilhelm once lost a valuable arms contract for Germany because he
 slapped the King of Bulgaria on the bottom.
 This was the thing he did.
 He liked to slap people on the ass, so the King of Bulgaria was ferdinand at the time,
 and he visited, and apparently he was wearing his Colonel's uniform, which had been made
 when he was a bit slimmer, so he'd put on some extra weight, and he was leaning out of
 the palace window in Germany, and Kaiser Wilhelm noticed that his unmentionables were tight,
 and so he slapped him on the ass.
 So his unmentionables are another way for trousers, aren't they?
 Well, I think it was, so the historian says, he noticed that his unmentionables were tight,
 so when he leaned out of the window, he presented a mark so tempting that the Emperor administered
 a resounding spank on the sacred seat of the King.
 Anyway, he was very, very angry, and he then awarded an arms contract to someone else
 that had been going to go to Germany as a result, so prank kind of backfired.
 Yeah, but he did, so he was a big bottom slapper, wasn't he?
 He loved to slap bottoms, yes.
 Yeah, I read that he had a secret society, the White Stagdining Club, so the idea behind
 that is that when you were trying to gain admission, you'd have to tell a vulgar joke,
 and then present your buck to the Kaiser, who would then slap it, and then you were allowed
 in.
 So I already smacked you on the bum with the flat of his sword, which is a bit important
 to get the flat.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Another death tonight of the White Stagdining Club, when the King cut yet another man into
 was with Ferdinand, was that with his hand, or was it?
 That was with his hand, so the flat of the sword was the White Stagdining Club, but just
 casually with acquaintances, it was the flat of the hand.
 So just explain Anna who Kaiser Philhelm was.
 So, Kaiser Philhelm, as you correctly pronounce it, Kaiser Philhelm, the second, was Kaiser
 of Germany was King of Germany until 1918, when there was a revolution that eventually led
 to the rise of the Nazis, etc.
 Yeah.
 Kaiser Philhelm, the second, was also the Colonel in Chief of the Royal Dragoons at the start
 of the First World War, and didn't turn up, obviously, for duty, because he was the Kaiser
 of Germany.
 So there were lots of things like that, because the Royal families were so mixed up.
 So he was the cousin of George V, the King.
 Wasn't he the cousin of this guy who he slapped on the ass as well, or are they unrelated?
 Yeah.
 Well, Ferdinand.
 Yeah.
 Oh.
 He was the cousin of Nicholas II, the Zara of Russia.
 It was this incredible time when everyone was related to each other.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's always been royal families in New York, isn't it?
 True.
 They love the old incest.
 He was.
 He cut some weird company, and he was into some quite camp activities.
 There was quite a famous incident when he was being entertained, so he liked to address
 like, he had like 400 different military uniforms, he liked to dress up, and he changed outfits
 four or five times a day.
 He redesigned the German military uniform, something like 37 times in 17 years.
 He was just obsessed with it.
 Love dressing up.
 I love that idea that, you know, you get armies who don't really know if they're all on
 the same side.
 Yeah.
 Because they've had a redesign.
 Yeah.
 Wait, are we supposed to be killing you?
 What?
 Are you wearing March's collection?
 We're not wearing June.
 Apparently, whenever we get plum-pudding, he always wore the uniform of a British admiral.
 He was insane.
 He was totally insane.
 And he hit other people as well in public.
 So he hit the Grand Duke Vladimir, who was a Russian Grand Duke, on the back with the
 Field Marshal's baton in 1904.
 Wow.
 I mean, he was quite wild, but he didn't really respect anything.
 One bum slapping, so for Chinese Lunar New Year, then Taoist visit this temple where they
 go to get a richly slapped or whipped.
 So men are slapped and women are whipped by the temple staff, and that means good luck all
 year round.
 And thousands of people go to this temple to get slapped every year on the bum.
 On the bottom.
 According to the church, it is an okay thing to slap your child's bop.
 Is it?
 Bop?
 As long as you call it bop.
 Come here.
 Give us your bop.
 Bop.
 Wait, is this…
 This was the pope.
 Yes, always the pope.
 But the pope was also said, "If you make fun of my mum, I'll punch you in the face."
 What?
 Yeah, he did.
 Didn't you see that?
 No.
 He said, "This was after the Charlie Hebdo thing."
 He said, "If you make fun of my mum, you can expect a bunch."
 And then he sort of joshed with a cardinal, standing next to him, sort of miming hitting him
 on the face.
 Was it a metaphor for, if you make fun of religion, then people attack you?
 Yeah.
 So, Azda's buttock slap has been copyrighted, no trademark.
 So you know the adverts where they go, they have a little jingle and then someone slaps
 it.
 Like that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So, for the purposes of advertising meat, fish, poultry, game, coffee, tea, bread, agricultural,
 horticultural and forestry products and other items, you can't use a buttock slap unless
 you're Azda.
 Did you say forestry?
 Forestry product.
 You can't sell a tree with that.
 But we all know that's the best way to sell a tree.
 Please buy a tree.
 Can you fit it right in your back pocket?
 Is the slap suggesting you're hitting your wallet?
 Yeah, it's like, I've spent not that much money, so I still have some money left in my back
 pocket.
 I know I'm going to slap it.
 But also, I don't keep my money safely in a purse or wallet, I keep it in loose change
 in my pocket.
 Yes.
 That's the other implication.
 So it implies you're a bit fun as well.
 I never read into that second meaning, I have to say, I thought Dan asked him out the first
 meaning was quite obvious.
 I thought it was like a dad, so everyone at Azda has a fun ass.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 I just thought it was everyone needs a thing, you can't explain it sometimes.
 You ask a band why they called their band name that, they don't know.
 I thought maybe Azda were like, we don't know why we're hitting, but it's working.
 Get complete rights on that, those dickheads trying to sell trees, get them away.
 This is ours.
 Gotta stop buying woodland from Azda.
 Okay, here's the thing about the Kaiser, so he had like an intimate circle of friends and
 confidence.
 And apparently one count, they were quite sarcophantic, and so one count allowed himself
 to be led before the Kaiser, imitating a poodle with a marked rectal opening.
 I don't know what that is, I don't really know, and I actually, I don't really want to
 know.
 Is that that he's imitating the marked rectal opening of a poodle, or is it the rectal opening
 separate to the poodle imitation?
 There are some dogs where that you can see their bum's, yes, you know.
 Is that what it is?
 Do you think so?
 The ones with their tails up.
 Yes, yes, though.
 But I wouldn't build that into a fancy dress costume.
 It just in case someone else comes to the poodle with a march rectal opening.
 Also, there wasn't really a mention of a costume, was there, it just says he was imitating.
 Is that a very broad spectrum of maybe?
 He also liked to sit on his horse behind his desk, because it made him feel like a warrior
 when he was doing his home work, or his tax return, or whatever you do.
 How could you do that?
 Yeah, did he have a high desk, or did he have a tiny horse, or did he just have a long
 pen?
 Was it the only options I could think of?
 He led military exercises, so you know, which is just training exercises for the whole army.
 But obviously whenever he did that, he was so hyper-masculine and so in charge that the
 commander on the other side had to basically throw the military exercise, say, "Oh, you've
 won again, Kaiser Willhelm."
 Well done.
 Yeah.
 You know that really awesome character from history, Annie Oakley.
 Do you know the story about Annie Oakley?
 So she was part of the Buffalo Bill touring group, and she had the amazing shot.
 And she was asked to shoot off the ash of a cigarette that was being held in the hands of
 Kaiser Willhelm, and she did it.
 So from a distance, she took a shot, and she managed to knock the cigarettes in half in
 his hands, and people say that had she've killed him, that may have prevented World War
 One.
 And she actually wrote to him much later requesting a second shot when she found that out, but he didn't
 respond.
 When did this guy die?
 1941, I think.
 Yeah, it's kind of amazing that he got away.
 He managed to live through the rise of fascism, and he lived in, what country did he live in?
 He lived in the Netherlands in Exo for a while.
 And he kept writing to Hitler.
 First, he's already writing to Hitler congratulating him on winning various battles with my armies.
 In a sort of, look, we're on the same team, you're using my military, and Hitler was kind
 of like, what are you talking about?
 You've been missing for 20 years, I overthrew you, and eventually he got quite angry at it.
 So it's a bit like, I loosened the top of this Jamja led, and all you had to do was just
 see.
 It was a lot of that.
 He ended up hating Hitler and the Nazis, and there was a thing about his funeral in which he
 wanted no swastikers at his funeral, but apparently his funeral was just completely surrounded.
 I think I might ask for that at my funeral, I was just going to say.
 Is that a box you can take when you're, but surely that's a surefire way of ensuring
 your funeral is stuffed with swastikers, so you wouldn't ask for no swastikers unless
 you wanted them to change.
 Yeah, that's true.
 I think guys, no birthday this year, I don't want a birthday.
 No birthday presents, please.
 Okay.
 Especially no swastika wrapping paper.
 Okay, time for fact number two, and that is Andrew Huntum Murray.
 My fact is that beware of pickpockets signs attract pickpockets.
 They shouldn't make them so pretty.
 They shouldn't festoon them with wallets and verses.
 So why would that happen?
 This is because they have them in public places.
 You've probably seen them wherever you live, is that they have big signs saying beware
 thieves operate in this area or beware they're pickpockets nearby.
 And pickpockets like to hang out near those signs, because as soon as someone sees that
 sign, they will immediately pat their pocket or their trousers or wherever they're keeping
 their personal money.
 Exactly.
 They're just filming asda adverts.
 Don't steer my stuff.
 And so then the thief knows exactly where your stuff is and he can follow you.
 Yeah.
 So if you see one of those signs, I think to do is not go, hey, let me just check my wallets
 still where it was.
 Oh, yeah.
 So pickpockets, one of the things they do is this has been studied by neuroscientists, who
 says basically what they do is totally overload you with information.
 It's not just about whether hands are, they're up close to you and they're distracting you,
 they're talking loudly to you, they're arguing with you, they're touching bits of your
 body, you know, which are not, they're totally slapping a bum.
 They just completely overload you.
 This is particularly with stage pickpockets, but the same principle applies.
 It's basically because our brains can't do more than one thing at once.
 So they, yeah, they, so if they're like touching your bum, you're like, why is he touching
 my bum and when you turn around, they've taken your hat off.
 Yeah, he's already in your jacket pocket or something.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 In 2009, a Russian bank employee gave over $80,000 of cash to a woman who had hypnotized
 her in the bank.
 Wow.
 I think that I am not sure about that.
 It feels like she might be the, the accomplice, do you think?
 No, I just think that I was hypnotized is often a very easy excuse for the mistakes that
 one has made.
 For work, so I was in the pub at the time.
 Yeah.
 I left the whole bank unattended.
 She hypnotized me to go to the pub and stay there all day.
 No, I don't know how she did it either.
 I read a great robbery story that was in the news, I think, a couple of days ago, which
 was a guy, he robbed a local grocery outlet and managed to get away.
 They kind of knew who he was, though, straight away, so they were chasing him.
 But when he was caught, the kind of defense of going, it wasn't me, it was totally knocked
 out by the fact that he was carrying the money that he stole in a canvas bag that he'd
 drawn a massive dollar bill sign.
 This is a huge classic, like, what are you, the riddler for 1960s Batman, who carries bags
 like that.
 It's like a double bluff.
 Yeah.
 This is the last place the police pulled things to look.
 I hope in prison that they gave him a special outfit with arrows all over his head.
 There's apparently a school of the seven bells.
 Have you guys heard of this?
 No.
 For which there's no actual verification because people don't admit to attending it, but it's
 rumoured to exist in Colombia and the final, it's called the School of the Seven Bells
 because the final exam tests the ability to noiselessly remove items from the pockets
 of a jacket rigged with bells to make sure that you can dirt without distracting anyone's
 attention.
 How do they know when it's time for another lesson at the School of the Seven Bells?
 Can I tell you briefly about this guy called Apollo Robbins?
 Yeah, go on.
 Okay, so he was the subject of this New Yorker piece and I'll put it up on my Twitter,
 which is Andrew Hunter M, which is, and he is a stage pick pocket and he can steal anything
 basically.
 So he met Penn of Penn and Teller and Penn said, "Okay, go on, steal something from
 me." And he wasn't wearing, at the time Penn was wearing a sleeveless outfit and some
 shorts, so that's quite hard, obviously, less clothing to steal from, there were fewer pockets.
 So he asked Penn, "Okay, take off your wedding ring, put it on a bit of paper and trace the
 outline with it, right?"
 So Penn takes off his ring, he puts it on the paper, he gets his pen out of his pocket
 and it won't write anything.
 The reason being Apollo Robbins is holding the cartridge from inside the pen.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 You have an even better pick pocket than that guy.
 Go on.
 Are you ready?
 So this guy is called Wang Hongbo and he's from Zheng Zhu and he has been caught.
 Well, he's been caught, so I'm not that good, but he's been caught using chopsticks to pick
 pocket people, okay?
 And he was photographed lifting the phone from a woman's pocket with chopsticks while she
 was cycling.
 That is skillful, isn't it?
 Do you know cool pick pocket slang?
 No.
 So they have a whole range of terms and exciting ways to describe it, and some of that's mentioned
 in this New Yorker piece, actually.
 So kissing the dog, just making a mistake, not in a Kaiser Will Home poodle way.
 That's a mistake where you're letting the victim see your face.
 It's always a mistake and that is a Will Home bike.
 And the skinning the poke, we're just taking all the cash out of a wallet you've nicked
 and then you get rid of the fingerprints and you throw it away.
 And there's the teams are called Whizmob's, a team of pick pockets.
 It's called a Whizmob.
 The Whizmob.
 Yeah.
 Sounds good.
 Sounds like the head chug or something.
 It just sounds like a serious criminal organization.
 Yeah.
 It's all quite Victorian, though.
 Yeah.
 There were some old Victorian or maybe Edwardian names for criminals.
 And for those, swaddlers was one which was people who were Methodist preachers, whose accomplices
 pick pocketed the congregation.
 They were known as swaddlers.
 What?
 A few others.
 Bully Huff's would hang around brothels, surprising and threatening the customers by claiming
 that the woman they were in bed with was their wife.
 That's very clever.
 And then extract money from them that way.
 Tatmongers were card shops and body baskets were women posing as sellers of pornographic
 books to disguise their real game which was stealing lidon of washing lights.
 Well, it's an obvious disguise, isn't it?
 You come to the door.
 Would you like to buy some erotic literature?
 No.
 OK.
 Do you mind if I leave through your garden?
 In the 15th century, Ambrose Parrey, who was a famous doctor in the 15th century, saw
 a beggar in Paris who was begging him for money and who did so by, I don't actually know
 how to put this out.
 So gross.
 Who did so by, she begged by lifting her skirts to reveal a pro-lapse rectum.
 It was a horrid sight, he says.
 It was over half a foot long, leaking post-light fluid over her legs and garments.
 But his companion then attacked the woman and said, "You're a big faker.
 You don't look sick enough to have a pro-lapse rectum."
 You had to be pretty confident that you're right if that's the choice.
 I know pro-lapse rectum and that madame... He picked this woman to the ground and eventually
 she was forced to reveal that it was actually the pro-lapse rectum of an ox.
 But it was actually a pro-lapse rectum.
 It was.
 It wasn't pro-lapse rectum.
 Well, but he felt pretty silly then, didn't he?
 That's not a human pro-lapse rectum.
 It was the pro-lapse rectum of an ox.
 And then she'd put up her own bonnet.
 I think you've gone to the trouble of doing that.
 I really think you've earned your 50 cents or whatever.
 Definitely.
 But the lifting of her skirts as well.
 She could just have a sign saying, "Pro-lapse rectum, please help."
 Wait, so if you saw someone with a sign, you'd say, "That's probably how she started."
 But she's like, "No one is buying this at all except Andy."
 I can show it to you.
 No need.
 Absolutely believe you.
 The thing is though, I would pay 50p not to see a pro-lapse rectum.
 That's a fair point.
 She should have done that.
 We should move on.
 I've just got a couple of police things.
 Police men in Grenada are now wearing their Twitter handles on their uniforms now.
 That's not very good protection at first.
 Weirdly, it's a kind of way of saying to the community that you were not going to allow us to get away with anything as much as we're not allowed.
 Yeah, so it's like a police officer having their own name or their number on a badge or something like that.
 So you can tweet them and you can tweet because everyone in the town now, the police cars now have their Twitter handles.
 They're starting to do this in American now.
 Cars with Twitter handles so that people can make direct contacts and just let it be such a beauty.
 I think they're all on Twitter though.
 Maybe there's like, get a Constable Harris on Twitter.
 That's true.
 And you can add them in so you can say, "I'm currently being beaten up by Constable Harris."
 Is there like a really old school cop called Nigel or something who has his fax number on his arm?
 Maybe a full postal address.
 One other thing is that Scotland's police force have had to ban a lot of words from their Facebook page.
 So this is where social media has gone against them slightly.
 So they have over 139 words that, you know, they don't appear now on their page.
 They swear words mostly.
 A lot of swear words, but then they include pigs.
 So if you have an issue with a pig, that actually won't make it onto the page.
 That's stolen by Bacon.
 If your name is Fanny, you can't write to them.
 Yeah, because Fanny is now a banned word.
 T-bag, banned word.
 Is this in Scotland?
 Yeah, lots of people call Fanny in Scotland.
 I know, it's a big issue.
 So basically the way to be a criminal in Scotland is to steal pigs off people called Fanny.
 There's nothing they can do.
 A cab is also banned. Sorry, it's all cops are bastards.
 And so is Baconfucker.
 God, they're so sensitive, aren't they?
 What about Mr. John Baconfucker, though?
 So that is why Fanny Baconfucker.
 And they're son T-bag.
 Okay, time for fact number three.
 And that's my fact.
 My fact this week is that no one is quite sure how to say the name Louis Armstrong, or Louis Armstrong.
 No one knows.
 All right, so it's either Louis or Louis.
 Yeah, we sure an Armstrong, though, right?
 We're sure an Armstrong.
 Yeah, but I mean, it's an insane thing that we don't know.
 I only found this out because I was on Louis slash Louis Armstrong's house.org.
 It's like a major website for him.
 And someone asked, how do you pronounce the name Louis or Louis?
 And they go into this whole reasoning where they say that he in songs used to say Louis.
 In interviews, they would say Louis.
 His friends would claim that he was called Louis.
 But then his wife used to call him Louis.
 And then things got really confused because you then got called satchmo and pot.
 No one knows. There's no agreed opinion.
 Despite the fact that we have so much footage of this guy.
 We have so many audio recordings.
 No one knows.
 But he never says it.
 He never breaks off from a solo, does he?
 By the way, it's Louis.
 But there's a famous song called Hello Dolly and he sings the line.
 This is Louis.
 So everyone was like, oh, so it's Louis.
 That makes sense.
 But then later in the song, a waiter says, this is Louis.
 So suddenly everyone's Louis in the song.
 So that was the one bit that something in America.
 You would normally pronounce it Louis when you like St. Louis town and stuff like that.
 So it feels like it should be Louis to me.
 Oh, yeah.
 I don't know.
 One of his biographers said that he told him that only white people call him Louis.
 Right.
 And that...
 Well, his wife, his wife called him Louis.
 Was she white?
 Don't think so, no.
 Well, was this the wife he married a prostitute, didn't he?
 He did, yes, his...
 He had a couple of wives, I think.
 He had four.
 Oh, right.
 Yeah, but he had a couple of wives.
 Twice.
 There's another thing just with his name not being decided on.
 They also later found out that he wasn't born when he thought he was born.
 And so he thought he was born.
 Wait a minute, wait a minute.
 He thought he'd been born.
 He'd just come out of the womb.
 Yeah, and he was like, no, you've not been born.
 You've not been born, you know.
 Because he thought he was born on the 4th of July, 1900.
 But it turns out he was born August 4th, 1901.
 Oh, wow.
 Now all of his kind of big fan groups celebrate both birthday.
 So he's a bit like the Queen now.
 He's got more than one birthday per year.
 They just two different people.
 One of them is Louis, one of them is Louis.
 One is August.
 So we're both fantastic jazz players.
 Yeah.
 So he did only get married a couple of times.
 It's just the other guy who agreed a couple of times.
 He was obsessed with a particular laxative Louis Armstrong.
 It's called Swiss Chris.
 And it got sold by this American dietitian called Gaylord Hauser.
 And Louis Armstrong would give whole interviews about his diet
 and about how fantastic this laxative was.
 And he said the first time I tried it, it sounded like applause.
 He said I had to crawl back to bed.
 He would know what applause sounds like as well.
 And he would post fans cards.
 He had his diet advice printed on cards to post back to any fans
 who wrote to him asking about it.
 And then he had specially printed cards which had him on a toilet
 on the front of it, a picture of him on the toilet.
 And then holding the bottle of Swiss Chris in his hand.
 He would send it back with a free sample of Swiss Chris.
 And then I think there was a slogan on the cards, wasn't there?
 And he had this slogan printed saying,
 "Satch says, leave it all behind you."
 Yeah, that's right.
 And he never accepted a penny from endorsing them ever.
 Really?
 He was never paid.
 He just loved it.
 He loved it so much.
 He did it every day.
 He loved it every day.
 Yeah, every day.
 He took it every day.
 Okay, so the Voyager probes, which they sent up with a record
 on which contains sounds and images about Earth.
 That includes Louis Armstrong music.
 Does it?
 Yeah, it also has some Bach, Beethoven, Stravinsky.
 And it has a Peruvian wedding song, which sounds good.
 An address by UN Secretary General Kurt Valdhelm.
 And recording of the Azerbaijany Bagpipe Orchestra.
 Wow.
 Right.
 I hope they start with the Bach and the Beethoven.
 Hey, you haven't heard the Azerbaijany thing, have you?
 I've heard the Bach pipes.
 It was meant to as well have a Beatles song.
 And all the Beatles said yes to it going on.
 But the record label said no.
 And the rumor is they said no because they thought,
 "If suddenly there is life out there,
 we don't have rights to these planets that will then be using the song."
 Which is nuts.
 Yeah, I've seen contracts that say, like, in all universities
 and also rights.
 Do you think maybe when the aliens come down to invade
 the first thing they're going to do is go,
 "Yeah, can you take us to your Bachpipe orchestra please?"
 We are massive fans.
 So on mispronunciation of names.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Samuel Taylor-Coloridge.
 Great poet, obviously.
 He said the following of his name.
 And I can't tell whether he was taking the mic or not.
 I'm not sure.
 He said, "I think that the word 'college',"
 and he brackets, "Ampthymachron, long on both sides,
 has a noble verbal physiognomy.
 It is one of the violous Beatles above cries of detraction
 to pronounce it 'college' or 'college' or even 'college'.
 And in his own poems, he rhymes it with polaridge,
 'college' and the whole ridge.
 So the whole ridge.
 That's a great nickname.
 It sounds like his wrestling name.
 So he's saying anything, he rhymes it with everything.
 Anything goes.
 He rung it with anything, but he also said,
 to say long on both sides, which are 'college' or no,
 but that's the third way he said, don't pronounce it.
 Cool ridge.
 I've no idea how he wanted to pronounce it.
 Can I just say as well?
 Why is he putting his own name in his own poems?
 Oh, you know, for fun.
 It's like a rap artist.
 That's what you'll do there.
 So you know the word 'ask' or you might say 'ask'.
 And then he has some people in London say 'ox'.
 Yeah, why is that?
 Did you 'ox' me?
 Apparently, people have been making that mispronunciation
 for more than a thousand years.
 What?
 It's not a modern thing at all.
 That's fantastic.
 How is it?
 What was there to ask people about back then?
 What was there to 'ox'?
 Would be like, let's say...
 Can I borrow your 'ox'?
 No, it's 'ox'.
 Can I mention something about trumpets very quickly?
 Please do.
 Okay, so obviously Louis Armstrong, just to wrap it back around,
 played trumpet very famously.
 They found a trumpet in 'toot and carvings grave'.
 So not only just his socks, that was that way previously?
 That wasn't going to let 'toot'.
 It is dang.
 But yeah, they found a trumpet in 'toot and carvings grave'.
 I really like that.
 Was it from that age or was it just something that was left there
 by the original 'ox'?
 What? How is louder?
 How is louder when he broke in?
 Oh, we've got to go back, I like my trumpet.
 When did you bring a trumpet?
 I was actually just coming to do a gig.
 I went to the wrong venue, turned out.
 You thought it was on the Pyramid stage, it blasted me.
 Oh my god.
 You know who else was a jazz star?
 Romano Mussolini.
 Which I think we might have mentioned on the show.
 Mussolini's son, that is right.
 Yeah, he was a jazz pianist.
 And he started under an assumed name, as you would,
 because it's such a drag, that he does this square fascistic data.
 But then in the 1960s, his ensemble got a claim,
 and he reverted to his real name.
 And he probably...
 Oh, because the Mussolini name had been rehabilitated by...
 That's a terrible time to thrust that on your band members as well.
 You'll notice on the banner, I'm brought.
 A little tweaking I've done.
 The article I read about him...
 I mean, he played with Dizzy Gillespie and Duke Ellington,
 and the article I read said,
 "Although he shied away from his heritage."
 "Shied away."
 He wrote a memoir called, in 2004, called,
 "Il Duce, my father."
 Yeah.
 He says that Mussolini was a caring father.
 Oh, really?
 Not that that makes a difference.
 I'd like to stress.
 Don't know, it's changed my opinion about him.
 Okay, time for a final fact of the show, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is,
 "The man who holds the Guinness World Record for the lowest voice can hit notes that are so low,
 only elephants can hear them."
 How do we know?
 We can...
 Well, computers can hear them.
 So it was elephants.
 But yeah, actually other large animals would be able to hear them as well.
 But yeah, below human hearing range.
 He can hit a note which is eight octaves below the lowest G on a piano.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, my God.
 I know.
 Did he say that he can't really hear them?
 He can't hear them at all, can he?
 No, he can't, but he can kind of feel a vibration through his body when he doesn't.
 That's amazing.
 Wow.
 How can he think so low?
 He has vocal chords which are about twice as long as a normal person.
 It's a normal person.
 That's sort of like 12 feet long.
 Yeah.
 Dangling behind and also thinking like, "Do I work straight?"
 No, sorry, those are my vocal chords.
 And he takes his money back.
 Yeah.
 So, yeah, he can feel it coming through his body.
 Which, actually, you will get that with astronauts in space.
 We can pick up sounds from people on the moon, but it's usually the vibrations going through the body of the astronaut
 because there's not enough atmosphere for the waves to propagate.
 Oh, so the vibration of the helmet brings the sound through.
 Wow.
 So they talk by touching helmets if they couldn't talk to each other via...
 I don't know if they do that, but I guess they could do that.
 Yeah.
 No, I don't think they have done that, I think.
 They could.
 It's the other thing is why you hear your voice differently from a recording to what you hear in real life.
 Because you hear it through your body.
 You're not hearing it as other people hear it, which is through your face.
 So does it sound deeper to you?
 It does sound a bit deeper to you.
 Because it's the vibration.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, because we do fancy...
 Like, we're attracted to people with deeper voices, aren't we?
 Well, women are attracted to them with deeper voices, apparently, because it signifies a larger body size.
 And apparently, a study has shown men are attracted to women with higher voices, but I'm very skeptical about that.
 Well, there are a lot of women with very husky voices.
 Yeah, and people love that.
 Well, there was a study that found that men with lower pitch voices had higher numbers of sexual partners.
 But people with more attractive voices actually also have lower sperm quality.
 Actually, is that because they're putting all the effort into their voice?
 Inside the body, there's a guy going, "Yeah, don't worry about the sperm. Let's turn all the attention to the voice."
 Did you just do it like slight Italian accent, but the thing inside your body?
 The controls, you.
 Just an Italian guy. He feels like he has an Italian inside breaking out.
 I like to stress, it's not a Mussolini.
 So elephants can tell the difference between different human languages.
 So they could tell which language this guy was singing in, at his incredibly low thing.
 How do we know they can tell?
 They've tested two different ethnic groups on elephants.
 And those are the camber, they're basically farmers. They don't really hunt elephants.
 And the Masai, who often hunt elephants.
 And they're afraid of...
 Yeah, they're afraid of, and they were recorded saying the same phrase.
 Look over there, a group of elephants is coming, and then that was played to elephants.
 And when the Masai said it in their language, the elephants got spooked.
 But only Masai men, who are the guys who do the hunting,
 because women and children of either group, could be the way that they're saying it though.
 Because if you're a hunter of elephants, you're going to say, "Look over there, there's some elephants.
 We can hunt them." Whereas if you're a farmer, you're like, "Oh my god, look, there's some elephants coming."
 They're going to trample our crops.
 Yeah.
 There's some elephants coming.
 I hadn't thought of that.
 I think it's evidence, though.
 It sounds like a pretty good study, but that is a good point.
 But that also suggests that they understand the words that are being said as opposed to the tone.
 What they heard the word "elephant" ago, that's us.
 Oh, my ears are burning.
 They can also, elephants, they've recently discovered, can point, can't they?
 And they're the first animal that's not an ape or with the feet.
 They can recognize pointing of humans.
 So if a human points to a bucket that has food in it, then they'll go to that one rather than the other one.
 And they're the only animal who aren't apes who can do it, and lots of apes can't.
 But they think elephants might point with their trunks.
 So they thought that they're moving their trunks around is just, you know, for gags, shits and giggles.
 But actually, it's thought that they might be pointing at each other with their trunks.
 That's fantastic.
 Yeah, that's cool.
 Elephants can also recognize themselves in the mirror, can't they?
 And in fact, I think, sorry, this is what we don't think anything else can do that's not from the ape family.
 So I retract the last ape thing.
 But they can recognize themselves in a mirror.
 And if you put a dot on their forehead, then they will, and they see themselves in the mirror, their reflection.
 They will try and get the dot of their own forehead rather than like an idiot, like all other animals trying to get the dot of the forehead of the reflection in the mirror.
 Oh, okay.
 So well done, then.
 Yeah, that's quite cool.
 Also, do you remember that?
 Because they paint, don't they?
 And that was an incredible study.
 That's why he sold so few paintings to his own in his lifetime.
 It was very messy when he cut off his ear.
 Sent in that huge package.
 There was this amazing footage that came out years ago of an elephant using a paintbrush painting an elephant.
 And basically, everyone was going, what the hell is this?
 And it turns out that they would be trained in very cruel ways to be able to do it.
 But they can do it and they can memorize every single movement that they need to do in order to paint this thing.
 Everyone thought this was a hoax.
 And I think it was Richard Dawkins who went out to find out about it because he thought this is impossible.
 And it's absolutely true.
 They've trained these elephants to hold a paintbrush and paint canvas drawings.
 And you can buy elephant paintings online now that they do.
 They're extraordinary.
 Don't buy them. Sounds like you'd be converting.
 It's cruelty. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's massive cruelty. But like the video footage is extraordinary to watch an elephant doing something which such precision as well.
 Amazing.
 I've got something about voices. So you know that the biggest hearing range of any creature, can you guess?
 A bat.
 It's not a bat. It's a bat's prey creature though. It's a moth.
 It's the greater wax moth.
 It is the greater wax moth.
 How on earth did you know that?
 I just know stuff like that.
 Yeah, it's like it can hear something really.
 A noise that bats can't make or something.
 That's it.
 In the course of evolution, it has evolved a greater hearing range than the noise is bats make.
 So most of bats' prey creatures can't hear them because they just get eaten out of the air and they have no defense against it.
 But the moth has evolved such a massive hearing range that it not only can hear everything the bat does.
 It can talk to other wax moths in higher than bats' range. It's very cool.
 So good. That also feels like quite a good insult for some reason saying I can hear noises you can't even make.
 It's true in humans that you're hearing of high noises decreases as you get older.
 Which is why they had those mosquito sounds outside shops, which were to disperse teenagers, very, very high pitched sounds.
 But people of my age wouldn't be able to hear them because my little silai and my ears have died out.
 It's also useful if you want to talk about sex in front of your grandparent.
 You could just do it like this.
 How much do you like to go for a quick share right now?
 It's already caught here.
 Cool, the voices are really low, aren't they? They're 20 times lower than you'd expect from their body size.
 They're rather slow as an elephant's voice.
 And that's because they're organs that make this sound as an organ that no other animals have.
 I think they've got two vocal pouches instead of one, which most creatures have, two vocal folds.
 They don't make whalers. They're just, yeah, they're really strong.
 They're not really strong.
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 They're not really strong, aren't they?
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 Black hole, which does the deepest noise of anything in nature.
 James, arts, eggshakes, Andy, Andrew Hunter M and Anna.
 [Music]
 [Music]
