 Hey everyone, welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 This is the show where we put down our four favorite facts on the last seven days and
 we go through the podcast at qi.com, email inbox and cherry pick the best facts that you,
 the listener, have sent in. We get amazing facts every week. So if you do think of one,
 please send them in. And also if you want to be part of our club, club fish at the highest
 tier, you'll be getting something very special as everyone does at the end of this episode,
 which is we hand out a fact for you to be the custodian of from the 12 years of our archive.
 So when we get into it, why don't we get some facts who wants to go first? Here's one
 that's from dominant cult check and it's on our favorite subject at the moment. We're putting
 together a book as you guys know of things that you think are named for one reason, but they're
 actually named for a different reason. That's my second favorite subjects. Number one being
 people who paint things on the top of the res. But yes, go on. You know what? Like genuinely,
 when I'm doing my research for the main show now, I'm spider myself looking for these people.
 I know. I know. They're so hard to find. Well, we need a book. They've been flooding into the inbox.
 We do some of them on Drops of Line and we're going to do I think probably keep doing some of them
 here and become a little fit in joke. Anyway, Domain writes, the online poker boom that became huge
 in the early 2000s was caused by the moneymaker effect. Oh, obviously. Moneymaker. Don't give it
 away my punch line. It was named after 2003 poker champion Christopher moneymaker. Who was an
 amateur who won the World Series of Poker. In 2000. Oh, gosh, I don't know. Like 2005. 2003.
 And the moneymaker effect was basically poker going mainstream. And obviously most of the people
 who got into it will have lost huge amounts of money by now. But how's Chris moneymaker doing?
 Well, he won the World Series of Poker, which I think is that does set you up reasonably well.
 You would see him on like, you know, when in those days, you would have like quite a lot of TV
 poker games and he'd kind of rock up on those. But here's a good poker player. Of course, he was.
 He won the World Series of Poker, but like the people who came after him were quite a lot better,
 I think. I think. Are you familiar with the poker player Daniel Shriver?
 No, I'm not actually. He's who like owns the Daniel Shriver without qualification on Wikipedia.
 Daniel Shriver is not you. I thought you were saying I play poker. Oh, no, I played it once and I won,
 and then I lost everything. I was shocked. I was absolutely decimated. Yeah. Was it that Daniel
 Shriver convention? It was. I shouldn't have sat down with that guy. Great. All right, James,
 you're trusting. Yeah, sorry for walking all over your place. No, that'd be tough. But yeah,
 I was really into poker back in the day. I remember. Yeah, it was how I met my wife.
 Yes. And you won a fair and square. Exactly. She's called Daniel Shriver, isn't she?
 Very confusing. Your work life and home life. Okay, this fact is from Kev Osman and Kev said,
 that he was reading about the Winter Olympics held in Cortina or they were, they've just finished
 in Northern Italy. And that was the old name of a Ford car. So he decided to write a quiz
 on where cars get their name from. Okay. And when he was doing that, he found that all Lamborghini
 car models except one are named for something related to bullfighting. Can you name a single?
 Matador. No, no, not a single bullfighting term, a single Lamborghini car. Do you know what?
 Lamborghini is so rare and expensive that I just see, oh, it's a Lamborghini. I would never say,
 I will be able to say, oh, look, there's a Scoda N-Yac, whatever. I must have my only new one.
 It's Lamborghini Diablo. Diablo is a famous fighting bull. I love it. Temerario, Revuelto,
 Islero, Oracho, Oraco. All these words I never really heard of. Those are one called the Lamborghini
 Carama, which is the area of Spain where fighting bulls are bred, and a few are the ones. And the only
 exception is the Countach. Okay. Lamborghini Countach. And Lamborghini Countach comes from a Piave
 Monties dialect exclamation of astonishment. And it basically means holy shit. And apparently the
 owner of Lamborghini saw this car's amazing design for the first time and went holy shit. And then
 they went, we should call it that. And literally, Countach in Piave Mont means plague. So you know in
 some countries, like you use the name of an illness as like a swear word, like smallpox or...
 Yep, well, I'm always doing that. Sniffly nose. However, like in some countries, that's quite big.
 I didn't know that. Yeah. Sort of the car's name means plague. It means plague, but like really,
 it means holy shit. It means one. Right. Okay. Okay. Okay. That's so funny.
 Lamborghini's Italian, right? Yeah, they were Italian, weren't they?
 Why are they all shoddy? They're all fighting me. What's that all about then?
 What's going on there? Probably you can drive from Spain to Italy and one of their fantastically
 fast cars. Yes. And if they would like to send us some. Yeah, they were Italian. But I wonder if
 perhaps it sounds foreign and exciting. Maybe, yeah. So these days, bullfighting very much
 frowned upon. Yes. You wouldn't want to turn up to a bullfighting Lamborghini anyway.
 No. I feel like a determined bull could do some damage to your wing mirrors.
 Not a red Lamborghini anyway. Lovely. You know who I saw an interview with Friend of the podcast,
 Johnny Knoxville recently, where he got really emotional about the fact that he's
 now at an age and his body has gone through so much that he can no longer have pranks done with
 bulls with active life. But like, properly got emotional, started crying. Like it was it was a real
 tragedy in his life. I can't be god by a bum. I've got a little bonster pick with Johnny actually.
 Yeah, because I read the other day that there's a new jackass coming out. Yeah. And I think they might
 have already filmed it. Yeah. But I have a contract that says I'm going to be in that film.
 Yes. Because when he was on, so I was away for this episode. Yeah. He was on. He was on the show.
 And we made a joke about I could be in the next jackass. And then the next day he sent me a contract
 saying I agree to be in the next jackass. And I returned it to him. And I was expecting the call.
 I was expecting to be on the Hollywood walk of fame in a few years as the guy who got
 speared by a bull. Yeah. You should send him one of your balls in protest that you've accidentally
 lost in some hideous jackass style prank. That'll show him. Yeah. That'll show him. Speaking of balls.
 I've got a fact here, which was sent in by Robbie Brennan, who says LeBron James recently ended.
 So LeBron James is a basketball player. And that was for both of us. I like the way you said that
 as if every listener knows who he is. Literally everyone. But there is one person who does need to know.
 So he recently ended a record streak of consecutive games played where he scored 10 plus points.
 And that's good. It's very good. Yeah. It's better than losing 10 points, I suppose. Yeah.
 Now, what's phenomenal about this is that this record is longer than the career of every other
 currently active NBA player. So the amount of games added together was 1297 games. He's got at least
 10 points in every one of those 10 in every single one of those. And he is the longest active basketball
 player. I think in history he's he's played 23 seasons. They're all long out there. They're very tall
 tall tall fellas. Yes. Yes. Yes. But he's so he's been in for 23 seasons. The
 stream nearly six years. There are four seasons in a year. She's okay. Maybe just sit down for a second.
 Someone's gone to speak to the non sporting listener. A lot of our listeners like being indoors
 with a nice cup of tea in a book. I speak for them. Yeah. I'm not sure how many of those enjoy your
 interjections either. That's really interesting. Yeah. So I think what it says to me is how easy it is
 to score points in basketball. Yeah. That's the problem. It's like. Like the scores are always like
 97. 86 or something. Yeah. There are a lot. You don't get a nice nil nil. You don't have a
 satisfying nil. Yeah. I mean, but that's amazing. It's a pretty astonishing run from Jan 5th 2007
 to December 4th 2025. He always scored 10 points or more in a game. I runically. You're not allowed
 to run in basketball. Yes. Oh, with the ball. Yeah. I do know. I do know that. Yeah. I do know that.
 But that's a sort of example of an interjection that works really nicely. Kind of contributes.
 I would say I would say that I am in the middle of maybe a 600 episode run of this show where I've
 made at least 10 stupid interjections every single show. Anyway, but very cool. That's an astonishing
 if you know basketball, like I'm a big fan of basketball, that's a wild achievement. Is he
 beyond the age at which he can still safely be scored by a ball, LeBron James? He's younger than
 Johnny Nuxville. He'll be younger than Johnny. He's younger than me, I would say. He must be in his
 early fights. He's like Djokovic. We don't know how much more we're getting. Sure. It should have
 ended already, but we've... So is he substantially older than most other players on the court?
 I would say so. Well, that's tricky, though, isn't it? What do you mean? Well, it's just tough to find
 things to talk about with your teammates. Oh, yeah. Oh, yeah. They're all talking about Tickety Tucks.
 You're trying to talk about the, you know, you don't get those good tartan slippers anymore, do you?
 He's 41. Okay. So he was... I'm older than him by like six months. I'm younger than him, but so we're
 saying there's still a child for me. Oh, yeah. As in, you know, we don't know if I'm incredible at
 basketball. Whereas he's probably passed his prime of making tedious interjections. You have
 that tedious now? No, they were always tedious. Okay. Let's go to another fact. Let's do another fact.
 His one, his one from Noah Gettle. We haven't had a really good, weird animal for a little while,
 let's say. Okay. Noah writes, well, Noah claims that we haven't. He says our biology game has
 really dropped off recently. Does he have two of this one? Because he's called Noah.
 Amazing. Yep. Good. I don't want to drill it home, but that's a wonderful interjection once again.
 Well, Noah writes, there is a group of insects in the Janus stylobs, steelops, that parasitize bees.
 Okay. And what's bizarre is the females live their entire lives inside the abdomens of the hosts.
 Males develop wings and they fly around looking for a bee that's carrying a female. And a female has
 stuck her neck out between two sections of the bee and is releasing a pheromone into the air to draw
 in a male. The females never leave home. They never really interact with the males who they're
 mating with. The male just arrives. I'm afraid does traumatic insemination just start stabbing
 where he can't just sort of right, you know, in it goes. Yeah, there's very few niceties here.
 They have a sort of neck pocket. And then the offspring hatch and they eat the mother pretty much
 alive. They kind of allows the mom. Wow. And then they leave. I know about these guys. Do you?
 Yeah. And also they will make the bee turn into a queen kind of, but fly off to where the queens
 go because all the other bees also fly there for mating. So you get a big bunch of bees together.
 And then because there's loads of bees together, that's how they can jump from one host to the next host.
 I'm really surprised by what the insect world doesn't notice in those kind of situations. Yeah,
 like if one of us came in and just had a bit of a parasite sticking out our neck. It's big for them.
 And no one says anything. That's it's just a fascinating thing. Yeah, but that's just normal to the
 to the other bees and to the bee itself. Because not only do you have a parasite sticking out of your
 bum or whatever, but you've also got another parasite sort of flying around, stabbing it in the
 head. Yeah, mating with it. It's just feel like in a party that is going to be awesome attention.
 It's going to be gossip. A crappy style. Yeah. Brian last night.
 Yeah. So thank you, no? Yeah, amazing. Amazing, James.
 Here is another one about animals, not a weird animal, but an animal nonetheless. This is from
 Kellyn McGuire. And it's about groundhogs. Kellyn wrote about America's National Oceanic
 and Atmospheric Association, who every year rank the accuracy of all the groundhog prognosticators
 who are going to work out whether it's going to be a sunny spring or a rainy spring.
 I thought it was just I thought it was just punks of tourney Phil from the film Groundhog Day.
 He's the one who got all the plaudits because he was in the movie. But actually there's loads of
 these guys sort of working away behind scenes. And there are 13 live groundhogs, three taxidermied
 groundhogs, one statue of a prairie dog, one's hottest and one presumed groundhog, who has only
 been seen by a few people and they're not sure whether he actually exists on that.
 Crypto groundhog, don't get on it. Yes, that's so good. And it turns out that even though he's
 the famous one, punks of tourney Phil is one of the least accurate one. So he's only managed to
 correctly predicts February and March temperatures 35% of the time. And the only one that
 works is Mahave Max, who's a tortoise in Nevada, who's 20% at the time.
 Oh, that's bad. That's bad. Well, that's just fame going to punks of tourney Phil's head, isn't it?
 It probably is. It's so typical, isn't it? Like the real talented ones never really get the
 good gigs. Whereas the people who keep making tedious introductions, you know,
 showered with praise by their colleagues who value them. Can I tell you about another
 prognosticator that I learned about? Yeah. So this is Annie Charlotte, a Tottenham Hotspur supporter
 with a rare anatomical condition in that she has two vaginas. And in recent years,
 the tabloids in the UK always seem to ask her when there's a football match who's going to win.
 I'm dreading. I'm dreading to think what her method is. Can we work it out? What would you do?
 Well, you know what? I cannot tell. Like, she doesn't give the real details. Oh, okay.
 I think it's a vibe. I don't really know how she does it, but she says she uses her anatomy
 to work out what's going to happen. Right. And she said that in the recent Tottenham Arsenal game,
 she predicted that Spurs were going to be Arsenal and that Arsenal would bottle the league
 and fail to win the football league. We don't know what will happen in the league yet,
 but Spurs did not win that game. Right. Arsenal won. Yes. Up the Arsenal. Yeah.
 I'm so glad you stopped when you said you think it's a vibe because I thought you're going to
 extend a vibrator there. Yeah, it's not. I think it's a feeling that she gets. It's really uncertain
 what she does, but she has become a bit of a meme in the in the tabloids in the last few years.
 Feel it in my fingers. Is that a wet, wet, wet show? It is. Oh, no. It was offensively.
 This is a fact sent in by Warwick Paul, who says, "I believe you once mentioned
 insane clown posse, but here's a fact for you. Before they were a huge success,
 violent J and shaggy to dope from insane clown posse used to steal car stereo systems to support
 themselves. Once they stole the car radio, which actually had one of their own insane clown posse
 tapes loaded it into it. That's nice. They felt bad and apparently reinstalled it back into the
 fans car. There's an interview where you can see them talking about it. But yeah, so they were still
 stealing car stereos even after they had music released. Not all bands just become massive,
 right? They probably made tapes that they were selling at the end of gigs and so on. So yeah,
 they just happened to have stumbled across a fan of their stuff. Quite a cool thing to see when
 you're robbing it. You know, it'd be like us mugging a house and seeing a fish poster on the wall.
 Mugging a house. How are you doing that? What do you say? You don't mug it. You don't
 burglarize it. You can get America. Absolutely. You can, no, you don't, you don't mug a house.
 You burglar house. You rob it. But you're a person. You're a person on the move.
 This is why we've never got around to doing it. It's the language hasn't been agreed on.
 Right. Balaklava's off. What are we saying? What's our terminology here?
 Come back shaggy to dope.
 What are you in for mugging a house? No, you were robbed.
 Oh, man. That's very exciting. I've got another insane clown posse fact, which is that.
 Because saying clown posse was a band that has a lot of controversy about them throughout the
 years. What was it? Violent Dave. Violent Dave.
 Nothing inherently worse about Violent Dave than Violent J. I'm standing by it.
 You see the thing is, we did what you to change your name, but it was the Dave part that was the
 problem. And simply adding Violent, like your surname was great. We were happy with that.
 Dave, naughty Tony, of course, rude Paul. There's a great fact, which is that they were once
 on a Disney-owned record label. And so they released an album called The Great Malenco.
 And on the day of release, Disney kind of realized, hang on a second, we can't release this.
 It's full of graphic nature lyrics and so on. So they were called the 100,000 ship units of CDs.
 And it didn't come out through Disney in the end. Yeah. Yeah. Controversial.
 Gosh. Anyway, hey, listen, let's put down these facts. And why don't we get to the business of
 handing out custodian ship to the members of club fish? So as I said at the top, if you would like
 your own fact, you just need a joint friend of the podcast, which is the highest tier of club fish,
 go to patreon.com/clubfish. And we will assign you a fact. We'll send you a digital certificate.
 It's very beautiful. And you can put it on your wall. But on top of that, we're also going to give you
 a shout out now and let you and the wider public know which fact you are custodian of. So,
 right. So just before we do this, can I just add that if you do get your custodian ship certificate
 and you do put it on your wall, we promise if we see it, we will not mug your house. Yeah.
 There you go. See benefits that's a further benefit of being part of this club. So,
 why don't we get to our first one? Who's going to go? I'll go. This one goes out to a violent
 Dave. And it's... No, this one goes out to Robert Marsh. Robert, your fact is that the Ministry of
 Defense owns 15 golf courses. Very good. Yeah. Just in case a wall breaks out on a golf course.
 Nobody who likes golf could possibly be a war monger. That's all I would say.
 Yeah. It's just for President Trump to come and play and pass the him up. Yeah, yeah.
 So, but that's good that his name is Robert Marsh, the new custodian of this fact,
 because the marsh is a bit similar to a golf course, isn't it? Absolutely not.
 Well, but it would be... It's out of both outdoors. Oh, yeah. Can't deny that.
 Why, you do your indoor golf sometimes, don't you? That's really indoor marshes, probably not.
 Anyway, Robert, I hope you like the fact. Okay, here is another one. This one is now under the
 custodianship of Sean Battersby. Sean, your fact this week. And forever, in fact, is that the rise
 in the use of female contraceptive pills is making fish to effeminate. Now, that's not the podcast.
 It's not no such thing as a fish. This is the animal group. And it is that people were taking
 the pill and weighing out some estrogen and estrogen was finding its way into the rivers and into
 the fish indeed and making them more feminine. Yes. And there was something about fish that
 they just start producing eggs. They stop producing sperm and start producing eggs. Yeah, I think so.
 Yeah, it does do that. And also I remember, I don't every mention this in this episode, but there's
 quite a lot of fish that have got a lot of cocaine in the system in the Thames. Yes, that's right.
 So basically, don't flush it down the loop if you've got drugs and the police are coming.
 Hoover him up. That's what we're saying. Brilliant. All right. Well, here's another one. This is going
 out to Graham Bins. Your fact is that the actor Charles Hortrie, Horted Bedsteads in his house,
 thinking that one day he would make his fortune from them. Now, this is from a hooker player. Victoria
 Corrin Mitchell, early victim of the money maker effect. Yes. Yes. Do we need to explain what a
 Charles Hortrie is? I think there's a few things in this sense that might go over the head of some
 younger listeners or international ones. Charles Hortrie was an amazing brilliant comedy actor. He was
 in a series of British films called The Carry on Films, which are much loved. I grew up watching them.
 Haven't seen them for a while. I'm not convinced they would stand up to mud and scrutiny. I think maybe
 they might haven't aged terrifically. There was very, very naughty, raunchy, rude British,
 like seaside postcard, rudeness style comedy films. And there was Carry on Cleopatra and there was
 Carry on Cowboy and Carry on Up the Kiber. That one was especially bad actually. It was like
 Williams and James. Charlie Jakes. Barbara Windsor. Yes. Amazing British comedy actors who were just
 in these incredibly ropey films, but that were kind of loved. And Charles Hortrie was one of them,
 but apparently felt that they needed to collect bedsteads and a bedstead. Yeah, no. Great, great fact.
 That was so Victoria Corn Mitchell came on that episode and I still remember the absolute
 fury she had when I said that my favorite movie was Apollo 13. It like derailed the episode
 for quite some time. She just couldn't believe it. Your favorite film is Apollo 13.
 All of her carry on camping or something. Yeah. I mean, she was annoyed enough that it was the
 wrong Daniel Shriver sitting at the table. Okay, Andy. Okay, this one goes out to Ashley,
 Ashley, your fact is that in 1937, you could visit Romford Dogtrak and watch Cheetah's racing.
 Experiment they did where they raced Cheetahs against each other and they I think showed no
 interest in racing because they just they saw this little mechanical rabbit. They're like cats,
 aren't they? They're not. They're very, very fast when they're very hungry and they need to
 pray on something, but they just I think they saw through it fairly quickly. And yeah, you don't
 get so many dog tracks as you used to. I also think the problem was that the jockeys were too heavy.
 Very nice. Very nice. Thank you, Andy. Okay, okay. So here is another fact. This one is now under
 the custodian ship of Sam Kirk. Sam, your fact is that that in 2010, the US military built a super
 computer out of 1,760 PlayStation 3s. And what's exciting about this one is that just a couple of
 weeks ago, Leven Skyra mentioned this in a show and I kept it in the attic because I'd forgotten
 and here it is. Here it is. It was a great fact. It's an amazing fact, yeah. And they'd be doing it
 because it was cheaper. It was cheaper and what I didn't keep in the attic and what Leven did explain
 is that when you make a PlayStation, you sell it for cheaper than you make it, more or less,
 really or cheaper than it should be. And that's because you want people to buy the console because
 then they'll buy all the games and stuff. So it's almost like a loss leader. And so actually,
 the US military is getting a really good deal by buying these PlayStation and getting all the parts
 out of it because they're cheaper than they should really be. That'll allow them to save a bubble too.
 And I'm sure they'll have put it to a good use. All right, I'm going to read another one here. This
 is for Chris Daly. And your fact is now that in 1552, a man in England managed to shoot himself
 with a bow and arrow. That's pretty amazing. I think his name was Henry Pert. Henry Pert?
 It was Henry Pert. I've just looked in the archive. I was trying to remember with that. It wasn't
 Henry Perky. I nearly said Henry Perky. But Henry Perky invented shredded wheat.
 Shot himself with a bow and arrow. That's very impressive. Was it a straight-up and straight-up?
 It has to be a straight-up. It has to be. How else is it going to be? Trick shot off a few corners.
 You know what? I have shot myself with a bow and arrow. Here we go. It was just a grace.
 Thank goodness. But when I learned how to do archery, there's lots of things you have to do and lots of
 things you have to remember. And one of the things I messed up, I can't remember what it was exactly.
 But it meant that when I let go of the arrow, it skimmed past my nipple and really, really hurt
 my nipple as it went through. That's a heck of a flick. It was painful. And I was like, does this
 happen to everyone? And they were like, "Well, not really. You should have done what we told you."
 So I missed one of their instructions. But yeah, apparently it's relative to some of that.
 Which is to put your nipples away. And point the arrow away from your nipples.
 Use the pasties provided. I've just had a look. Henry Pert did not fire. He was trying to fire
 an arrow straight up in the air, but apparently the bow launched at its fullest extent.
 So I think it might have been one of those things where you're looking over the mouth of the canon.
 Where's the cannonball come out yet? I mean, he shot himself with a bow and arrow to death.
 I mean, there's no good way of doing it. Here's another one that goes out to Luke Frendo.
 Luke, your Frendo of the podcast. Oh my god, that's it. Your fact is until the mid-2000s,
 the best method for counting pandas was to sift through their poo.
 And now this isn't if you're in the zoo. And there's like three puns in front of you. It's like one,
 two, three. It's like in the wild and you pass in the mall. Yeah, trying to do a census because
 it's very important to assess and that they had to just find poo and look for tooth marks on bits
 of undigested bamboo. And I'm sure nowadays it's all DNA these days, isn't it? It's all technology
 these days. The old, we've lost so many of our traditions. Okay, here's one more. This is now under
 the custodian ship of Kevin Morrell. And Kevin, your fact is since 2007, Wikipedia and Brian Henderson
 has made 50,000 edits changing comprised of two consists of. Could not agree more. Really?
 Wikipedia and Brian Henderson there. That's what you say? Fair enough. There was, I feel like this
 has a story to it that I now can't remember which is after the episode went out. I was saying he's
 going to be very annoyed because he can't change this one. I see. So there was a Wikipedia which had
 all of our facts in it. Yeah, that's it. That's it. That means that there would be a comprised of
 in that list. Exactly. Yeah. But does it exist anymore? That list of our facts? No, we've got
 taken down. Why? I, Brian Henderson being honest. Could be. It's got to be. Brian, you win. Put it back
 up. He's come back. All right. Well, listen, we got to wrap up. But congratulations to Kevin, Luke,
 Chris, Sam, Ashley, Graham, Sean and Robert. We hope you enjoy your facts. We hope you enjoy
 the digital certificate that you get along with it. And if you yourself want to be the custodian
 of one of our facts, you just have to go to patreon.com/clubfish and join the highest here,
 friend of the podcast, and one of these could be yours. All right. Everyone, thank you so much
 for sending in your facts. Please do send them in. We love doing this show podcast at qi.com. We'll
 pick out another batch for next Monday. And you've also got a big fish coming this Friday. So we'll see
 again soon. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
