 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish Presents International Factbowl".
 This is a football podcast, probably the only one out there that makes absolutely no mention of football whatsoever.
 Brought to you by the QILs in association with VisitingLin.com.
 My name is Dan, I'm sitting here with James and Anna, and we have a special guest today, which is Alex Edelmond, our comedian friend who's had a lot of Twitter interest in getting you back onto the podcast.
 But popular demand from his mum, so today's match is USA vs Russia, and we begin with the USA.
 Alex, you must have some USA facts.
 I have plenty of USA facts.
 Oh my god, we've actually got a bit of a proper personal battle going on today, because James, your wife, Polina is Russian, and Alex, you...
 Are from the greatest country on the planet, so there we go, so this is going to be interesting. How do you want it? Come on, first killer fact about America.
 All right, my first killer fact about America is that...
 They lost the Cold War.
 Um, you don't like it?
 But one the space war.
 So, my first killer fact about America is that there was something called the Great Rraft, which was a series of log jams, several hundred miles long, started in the 1100s.
 How does... I can't even visualize that, how that would work.
 Well, I think it's interesting to imagine, because obviously nobody was around, or maybe there were Native Americans around, but a bunch of dead trees clogged up a river.
 And kept piling backwards and backwards and backwards and backwards, and eventually there was just this thing, and there are a lot of invasive species that were carried by that river overflowing its banks into little lakes that don't belong there, that are only there because this giant dam flooded these plains in Louisiana.
 That's brilliant.
 Everything's bigger in America, isn't it?
 Especially our log jams.
 No, since you mentioned logs, what is your thing with log cabins in America, and why does so many presidents claim to have been born in them? I don't even... I think seven US presidents were born in log cabins, weren't they?
 Yeah, pretty sure that Washington wasn't.
 No, Washington wasn't.
 But it was a myth, wasn't it, that he...
 Oh, yeah, there was definitely a myth here, so I think we'll say 10 people. I think it's seven, most reliably.
 What I do know is that before they invented log cabins, or before they had log cabins in America, they all lived in sod huts.
 But it was a big thing, there was symbolism to it, and Adley Stevenson, who ran for president against Dwight Eisenhower, he said, "I wasn't born in a log cabin, I wasn't raised in one, and there's no use trying to pretend that I was."
 And he lost in a goddamn landslide to Dwight Eisenhower.
 Oh, my God, absolutely.
 But it was a symbol of self-building and pioneerism, and it was a really, really potent American thing.
 Do you think at the time when he made that speech that all of his team knew that he'd just lost the election?
 Did he go back with the next speech?
 I should have had it with my parents, and it turns out that I was actually born in a live screw that I'm totally, was born in a log cabin.
 Yeah, there's a similar thing, I know we're not going into Russia yet, but in Russia, you get a lot of people who said that they were sons of coblers, and usually it just means that they had a very poor background and then built themselves up.
 Okay, I know we're not talking about Russia yet, but...
 Oh, it's good, it's a good tease for the second half of the match.
 12% of all the Coca-Cola in America is drunk at breakfast.
 What?
 Get out of town, really?
 That's amazing.
 That is incredible.
 And Americans eat enough peanut butter in a year to coat the floor of the Grand Canyon.
 What, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, how thick?
 The coating of the floor is probably quite 1 nanometer thick or something, I don't know.
 Yeah, I don't love these.
 Like, it would stretch to the moon.
 Facts.
 Yeah, it's true.
 Because that's a distance and you can make things really thin.
 Like, that's not, you wouldn't want to eat that.
 It's true.
 All right, do you know where Jimmy Hendrix's first gig was?
 Seattle, was it in Seattle?
 Yeah, it was and where was it?
 Pikesplakes Market.
 No, he was in a synagogue.
 Was that a synagogue?
 It was in a synagogue.
 Do you like that?
 Alex is Jewish, you can probably hear it.
 He's a...
 It was in the Temple de Hirsch synagogue in Seattle.
 And his bandmates fired him between sets because he was playing too wildly.
 That makes me think synagogues are so much more fun than churches.
 Well, no, they fired him immediately.
 At least he went.
 That is incredible. That is so cool.
 Hey, Pam Lincoln, before we came,
 President was a licensed bartender, wasn't he?
 Yes.
 That's pretty cool.
 Isn't he...
 Am I right in saying he was a wrestler as well?
 Yeah, he's in the wrestling call of fame.
 What, like, next to Hulk Hogan?
 Come on, that is fantastic.
 If he is, did he have the wrestling name?
 No.
 The beard, like...
 Four-score.
 I think they put him in later down the line
 when they realized that he liked wrestling.
 And they said, "Well, he was an early guy who we've heard of,
 who liked wrestling, so we'll put him in the hall of fame."
 But he was a big guy, wasn't he?
 Yeah, he was really... How tall was he?
 Six foot five or something?
 Something like that, yeah.
 We are approaching half-time, by the way.
 Yeah, so we're gonna...
 So soon. Such a big... Such a big country.
 So many facts.
 So if anyone's got any either want to chuck in as a last minute.
 One in 50 Americans executed for murder had the middle name Wayne.
 Don't hang out with Wayne's.
 Yeah, here's another guy.
 E. Berry Wall, he was a guy who popularized wearing tuxedos.
 And he was very satirely elegant and wore wonderful, wonderful clothes.
 And people wrote newspaper articles about him.
 But then another newspaper wrote articles about another guy called Bob Hillard.
 And so these two men who were supposed to be fashion icons
 had a bit of a fashion duel where they wore more, more amazing clothes.
 And eventually, E. Berry Wall won when he turned up to a party
 in a pair of black leather boots that went all the way up to his hips.
 And from then on, they called him the King of Dudes.
 King of Dudes. I like it.
 And that title remained until...
 Until Dan Schreiber came on the scene.
 Yep.
 You can't see right now, but I'm wearing boots right up to my nose.
 You guys know which president gave his name to a footballer?
 Was it Cristiano Ronaldo's name after Ronald Reagan?
 Really?
 His mom was a big fan.
 Oh, wow.
 Was it you that told me that his advisor was called Donald Reagan?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The great chief of staff.
 Ronald Reagan's chief of staff with Donald Reagan.
 But Ronald Reagan, she was a fan of him as an actor
 rather than a president.
 Yes.
 Okay, Alex, one last fact.
 We're going to go to halftime.
 America's done quite well here, but I really feel like you can just...
 Devils hold pop fish.
 Okay, what's that?
 It is a species of fish that exists completely in one tiny pond
 in a place called Devil's Hole Nevada that is no bigger than this table.
 And this is not a big table.
 And it was discovered and used as evidence in a court to try to make sure
 that oil people couldn't prey on this kind of land.
 And since then, since we discovered that we've been slowly wiping them out
 by trying to observe them scientifically
 and move them to other places.
 But yeah, it's one tiny genetically specific fish to this one.
 So this one, Mike?
 That's already cool.
 I wanted to like it called Devil's Hole as well.
 It's a nice name.
 Yeah, Devil's Hole Park.
 1,431 Americans live in a town called Elephant, but...
 Just throwing it out there.
 Poor Elephant.
 There's a place in New Mexico called Truth and Consequences.
 Okay, there's the halftime whistle.
 Well done, America.
 Very strong.
 Very strong half of you there, Alex.
 I feel like we could have done better,
 but I'm confident that we'll pull it out.
 Okay.
 Okay, before we get to the second half of our match,
 there's our halftime show which comes in the form of a quiz
 brought to you by VisitingLin.com.
 And we've got three questions for you this time.
 James, first question.
 Okay, my question is, in 1458,
 there was an event in London called Love Day.
 What did it entail?
 Okay, murder.
 It's always murder, isn't it?
 Yeah, maybe.
 Well, you'll find out after the show.
 What kind of festivals do you go to?
 If it's before 1700, it's either a fire or a murder.
 You should be a history teacher.
 All right.
 Chazinski.
 Uh, in 19th century England, uh, for what was it,
 bitch the pot slang?
 What did it mean?
 Okay.
 Uh, and Alex, last question.
 Um, what famous English event began as a fundraiser for a swimming pool?
 Was it a murder?
 Was it a fire?
 Was it a chiselhampton annual swimming pool fundraiser?
 I love that one.
 I don't know how famous that is.
 All right, well, if you want to find out the answers to those questions,
 you can hear them at the end of our podcast.
 But in the meantime, let's head back to the match
 and it's the second half, Russia.
 Russia, here we go.
 James, get on it now.
 What?
 What, really?
 This is your team, James?
 This is you.
 I'm English.
 I've got a good fact.
 Uh, I was just thinking about you being married.
 Uh, Palena is Russian.
 I suddenly remembered that there was that fact about how they
 altered female Russian spies in the war by the fact that when they were giving birth,
 they would yell in Russian as opposed to English.
 And that was the giveaway.
 Was that true?
 Is that a true fact?
 No, it's not true.
 That's a really good question.
 We were told this by a guy who used to work on QI call Vitaly Vitaliev,
 who was Russian and he'd found it in his research.
 I'd never found any evidence for it, but I had no reason to doubt him.
 Yeah, that's great, isn't it?
 So that she would live an American life was a double agent.
 And then as she was giving birth,
 suddenly, Russian swear words coming out.
 Yeah, Russia is a big place.
 It's the size of Pluto.
 No, yeah.
 What Latin Pluto out and stick it on the earth,
 it'll be about the size of Russia.
 Oh my god.
 Siberia, if Siberia was a country,
 it would still be the largest country in the world by landmass.
 An America's biggest state used to be Russian.
 Oh, Alaska.
 Alaska.
 Of course.
 Actually, Russia did have an area called Russian America.
 They conquered the Kodiac Islands in the 18th century
 and they called that area Russian America.
 That wouldn't have gone down well today, would it?
 No.
 No.
 Until 1885, in Russia, Vodka was only sold in buckets.
 And that was the size of 12.3 liters.
 Wow.
 That's the only size you could buy.
 That's really good.
 Wow, that's impressive.
 That's amazing.
 Well, they've still got a strong,
 a strong Vodka drinking tradition, haven't they?
 In 1995, Boris Yeltsin was on a trip to the White House,
 visiting the president and he was found drunk in his underwear
 outside the White House in the middle of the night.
 He was discovered by the US Secret Service
 and all he did was slurge them that he was looking for pizza.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Catherine the Great.
 Oh, yeah.
 The Russian Empress Catherine the Great.
 I'm sure it's not going to be the fact you're thinking of Alex
 because that's not true.
 Well, I found interesting about her is that she wasn't called Catherine.
 That wasn't her name.
 And she hated being called the Great.
 Really?
 So when you put all three of those words together,
 that was a nightmare for her whole life.
 So why is everyone calling me Catherine for starters?
 Yeah.
 What was she called you Catherine?
 Well, she was born Sophie.
 Oh, was she?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Sophie Friedricha.
 Sophie the Not That Great.
 Yeah, Sophie the All Right is probably what she'd go for.
 So as well as hating her name,
 she hated the fact that she had rickets,
 which is, you know, the disease rickets.
 Yeah, more understandable.
 And so what they wanted to do was find someone who could treat her
 and they couldn't find anyone in their town who was good enough to do it,
 but they eventually did find someone.
 And it was the town's executioner who eventually became her, I guess, personal doctor.
 They'll kill you of rickets if you chop someone's head off.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So this is what he ordered.
 This was his medication that her back and shoulders
 should be rubbed every day with the saliva of a servant girl.
 Oh, who was under instructions, not to eat anything beforehand.
 I don't know how much beforehand means.
 How do you reckon they got the saliva off her?
 Like they made her not eat anything beforehand
 and then put something that smelled really nice,
 like some bacon in front of her.
 Yeah, she was like.
 She was like Homer Simpson.
 Wow, that's amazing.
 I have a question.
 Thank you.
 Go on.
 Anyone know about the TP82?
 I do not.
 It is a smooth bore, triple-barreled, Soviet fire arm,
 which was carried by cosmonauts on space missions
 in case they encountered aliens
 or landed in hostile territory.
 Yeah.
 There was more for landing in hostile territory.
 I think what it was more for was when they landed in Russia,
 there might be bears.
 Really?
 I understand that, to be right.
 Yeah.
 I thought it was in case they landed in a place
 that wasn't friendly to Russians.
 Could be that it would be that as well.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Does anyone have any interesting cosmonauts?
 I have one, which we've had on QI years ago,
 but it was my favorite fact that I found,
 because it was amidst some data though, it was looking at,
 which is that the first Earthling to go around the moon
 wasn't the Apollo 8 astronauts from America.
 It was a Russian.
 And it was a Russian tortoise.
 And it was in the Zond 5.
 And it went around the moon months before Apollo 8 got there.
 So the first Earthling,
 and in terms of the space race,
 that's quite a message to send what is some sea metaphorically
 as the slowest animal ever.
 Did he make it back?
 Yeah, he did, and it's possible that with the life expectancy
 of that particular type of tortoise that it's still alive.
 Well, you know what?
 Buzz Aldrin's still alive.
 So I'll take him over the tortoise.
 Yeah, sure.
 On cosmonauts, so Yuri Gagarin, the Russians love him.
 Really, really proud of him, right?
 And he inadvertently started a tradition
 when, on his way to become the first guy in space,
 he was taking the shuttle bus to the takeoff point
 and stopped for a pit stop to we on the back tire of the bus.
 And now every single Russian mission into space,
 they stopped the bus and all the men get out,
 all the astronauts get out.
 That's right, that's true.
 When Neil Armstrong died,
 the Russian news agencies were saying,
 "Of course, Neil Armstrong was a nice man,
 but he was no one near as good as a great Gagarin."
 Nice.
 Yeah, a nice man.
 Dammit. First of all, he wasn't a nice guy.
 Okay, we are vastly approaching the end of our match.
 James, we, uh...
 You want my absolute biggest greatest fact?
 Yeah.
 Are you ready?
 Yeah, let's do this.
 65% of Russia is covered in permafrost.
 What?
 Is that a type of peanut butter?
 No, no, really.
 No, my favorite thing is going to be Lake Baikal in Siberia.
 Like, that is such an amazing place.
 It's a thousand times older than any other lake on Earth.
 And even if all the rest of the water on Earth
 disappeared, there would still be enough fresh water
 in Lake Baikal to keep the world's population going for 50 years.
 That is incredible.
 Yeah, that is good.
 That is very good.
 Okay, that's the end of our match.
 That was, that was big.
 Before we find out who's won, though,
 let's quickly get the answers to our visiting land.com quiz.
 And we started with a question from you, James.
 Yes, we did.
 My question was about the event in 1458 called Love Day in London.
 And this was a match with the Lankastrians and the Yorkists
 from the War of the Roses to show how much they all
 still liked each other and weren't going to go to war.
 And 18 months later, they were back at it.
 So I didn't really work.
 Didn't work.
 Ah, damn.
 My question was what did bitch the pot mean in 19th century English slang?
 And it meant poverty.
 Pore the tea.
 Pore the tea.
 You could bring that back.
 It's like a Snoop Dogg.
 Would you like a cup of tea?
 Yeah, exactly.
 That's a good name for a song.
 Bitch.
 And if I let's pop?
 Okay, last question, Alex.
 My question was which famous English event
 began as a fundraiser for a swimming pool?
 It was the Isle of White Music Festival.
 Really?
 The Isle of White?
 At the annual major music festival?
 Yes.
 The big music festival.
 I performed at it a couple of weeks ago.
 Yes, I did.
 Okay, so that's the end of that quiz.
 If you want to win a prize, though, by any chance,
 you can win some qi goodies by heading over to visit england.com
 where they have hats and t-shirts and books.
 We could get Alex to sign a copy of one of the books.
 I'm sure you're all keen on that.
 And they might be.
 Okay, but now we need to find out who won today's match.
 And because I can't go to either James or Alex to decide,
 I'm going to have to throw it to you, Anna.
 I'm going to say, Mr. Shriver, tear down this wall
 and make it a draw.
 Neither I nor Alex are happy with that.
 Another war that ends in a stalemate.
 All right, so we end in a draw.
 My god, okay.
 America and Russia going in harmony to the next round.
 Okay, well, that's it.
 If you want to ask us any questions
 about the stuff that we were talking about,
 if you'd like to bash either America or Russia,
 you can get us on our Twitter handles.
 Alex @Alex_Edelman.
 And James @XHapes.
 And Anna.
 Oh, it replied to you @Quickipedia
 or you can email podcast@QI.com.
 And I'm on @Shriverland.
 That's it for today's match.
 If you would like to join us again tomorrow,
 there's going to be another match.
 And it is James.
 You'll be interested in this down.
 It's your home country of Australia against Mexico.
 I don't think we need to do that one.
 We'll just put Australia straight through
 and we'll just continue on with the next match.
 I have been researching some amazing Mexico facts
 so you could be in trouble.
 No, I've got Aussie covered.
 Okay, so that's it for us today.
 Come back tomorrow and watch me whip the crap
 out of James' Mexico facts.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 USA!
 USA!
