 Hey everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Fish, Dan and Andy here.
 Hello!
 And we just want to quickly let you know before we launch into this week's episode about this week's guest.
 Yes.
 It's our friend, and yours.
 - Carried Lloyd. - Yeah.
 She's brilliant. She's been on loads of times before. She's always fantastic.
 Her fact this week is a really good one.
 And it's brilliantly entertaining show. I've just listened to it and I've written it up for our archive.
 - How do you? - So you're in for a treat. I can tell you that much.
 - Oh, well, there we go. - Yeah.
 And also, you should know that Carried is not only a comedian, not only a podcaster, she's also an author.
 That's right. Her new book is called "Lidia Marmalade and the Christmas Wish".
 So it's the children's book. It's really funny. It's charming. It's got a little Jane Austenie flavor to it.
 A little Regency Tinge. That's a terrible phrase.
 But it's really funny. It's charming. It's about a girl called Lydia Marmalade.
 Obviously, there's an amazing sausage dog. It's basically everything you could want for a kind of fun, classic, Christmassy Robb.
 - Yeah. - "Lidia Marmalade and the Christmas Wish".
 Perfect. Christmas book. It's out now.
 And if you love books generally and you like being part of Book Clubs, Sarah Pasco and Carried Lloyd have a podcast.
 It's brilliant. It's called "Sara and Carried's Weirdos Book Club".
 Weirdos. Good name for podcasts.
 - Yep. Show me something news before. - Yeah.
 And there's plenty of episodes. One of your favourite authors, Mick Heron Andy, was a guest recently talking about his slow horses series.
 It's great. Check it out. But get Carried's book and one final bit of business before we start.
 You can get ad-free episodes of this show. No such thing as a fish. You can get bonus material.
 You can get extra mad crazy fun stuff like shoutouts on the show and video things and longer versions of the main show.
 All of that is available at our secret super fantastic members club Club Fish.
 You can join it by going to patreon.com/nosuchthingasaffish.
 It's been so much fun. We've been making so much extra stuff for it over the last month.
 It's been great and we're really enjoying it. And if you would like to support the show, it is a fantastic way of doing so.
 That's right. So just head to patreon.com/nosuchthingasaffish.
 You can find all the details there. But for now, on with the show. On with the show.
 *Music*
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobern. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with James Harkin,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and Carrie Adloyd. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days. And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Carrie Adloyd. My fact is that Joseph Baseljet,
 the famous engineer who designed London Surers, who was inspired by the great stink.
 His great great grandson was the league guitarist of the band The Vapers.
 Who are most famous for their single turning Japanese?
 Yes. Brilliant. Now this is a very famous song. A lot of people might know it. We just discovered
 someone in the QI office does not know it, who's in their late 20s. I think it's an age thing,
 because I recently was telling people this fact, and a lot of people were like, "What song?"
 And I was like, "Come on, turn it up, and they just stare at you." Really?
 Yeah, I do think it's an age thing. Because it came out in 1980, so it's an oldie.
 It's an oldie. But a goodie. It's a thing classic. It's a brilliant song.
 The reason I know this is I know Ed Baseljet.
 No. Yes, Clang. Clang, because he is now, he left The Vapers, and became a TV director,
 and he is directed Doctor Who, loads of different things, and I work with him very recently,
 on excellent Channel 5 Police drama, Ellis, starring Sharon D. Clark and Andrew Gao.
 Wow, cool. At what stage in your relationship did the great great-great-grandfather come out?
 So, I am of a mind like yourself. I managed to keep it together for five days filming in Belfast,
 but the whole time I was like, "Oh, Baseljet. Must be a Baseljet. Must be related."
 That's such an unusual surname, can't be. And then we went for a drink in Belfast,
 beautiful, beautiful Belfast, after we finished our episode, and I think
 he was probably two points at Guinness Down. I was probably one rum and ginger, and I was like,
 "So are you related to the Baseljets?" And he was like, "Oh, yeah." And then some young actors,
 namely, we're like, "Who? Didn't know?" "Didn't know." And they're classic sewers.
 They're probably the 1860s, but I think anyone should know them. It's like the song "Turning Japanese."
 You just think, "Imagine being Baseljet, and you don't know my song. You don't know my family sewers."
 Yeah, so I just know a very successful television director, and yeah, so then he said,
 "Oh, yes, I am related to that Baseljet." And then someone else must, he must,
 "Oh, maybe he just came out with it. I can't remember now because we were in a
 pub in Belfast." Just said, "Oh, yeah." And I was in the band "The Vapers." And I initially didn't
 recognize the name until he said "Turning Japanese." I was like, "Oh my god." And it's curious,
 as well as "The Vapers," the name, you would think might have been Ed's suggestion, but it's not.
 They all smoked e-cigarettes. That's exactly right. It was, yeah, before it's time. I think the head
 of the game. Yeah. Because Ed was the guitarist, and the main songwriter was someone else,
 wasn't that a thing? Well, that makes sense. That makes sense when he felt it. Yeah. If it had been
 Ed Baseljet who came up with the name, he probably would have come up with the cholera epidemics.
 Yes, of the 1850s. Yeah, I still going. She said, "You know, this, the Vapers are still,
 they reformed." There he is. Ed was in it for a bit, and now he's gone off to TV directing.
 How often do you think they play the song "Turning Japanese" in an average set? I think it's quite a lot.
 Yeah, I think it's quite a lot. I went to watch Junior Senior just after their song
 "Move Your Feet" had come out and been a big hit. Oh, yeah. And they played it four times.
 Right. That's, yeah. They could have played it five, and I would have loved it.
 Yeah. And it is a bit being your own tribute act, isn't it? Yeah.
 "Turning Japanese" was like a global hit as well. It was huge. And it was, it was their biggest hit.
 I like that they knew it at the time as well. So they had it ready, and they went, we should hold
 this back. Yeah. This is going to be a big song. And so they released it as a second single,
 as opposed to a first single from their album. Because they didn't want to be one hit wonders.
 Yeah. But then, yeah, sort of. They are. And that's no bad thing.
 Sorry, yeah, there's no bad thing. That's no bad thing.
 That's everything. And the former drummer, Howard Smith, was recently elected Mayor of Guildford.
 No. That's pretty cool. I thought I wanted a flang.
 Oh, he let the Mayor go. No, he haven't. I haven't met Mayor Guildford. Sorry, bye, sir.
 The one other thing about Ed Baseljet is, as you say, it was a TV director, but one of the things
 he directed on his IMDB is Seven Wonders of the Industrial World in 2003 where Robert Lindsay
 looked at London's Suez. What kind of having combination. That's great.
 When do you think he thought, did you think he went to production company with it? Or do you
 think they said, I think, because you know what, there are like eight episodes in that series,
 and he only directed one of them, and it was about the Suez. They thought let's get in there.
 We'd like you to do one about the phone network, please. No, I'm sure.
 And that's good, because Robert Lindsay, as a star of my family, has been in a lot of old shit.
 And then, wow, I love my family. I just couldn't resist. I saw the opening.
 I'm sorry. Sometimes you're going to throw your heroes under the bus for the show.
 It's really interesting, because it's lovely, Dan, who says, I love my family.
 I love my family in such a wife guy. Brilliant. Let's go into Suez.
 Yes. I kind of thought that you guys would have Suez sewn up,
 so I thought I'd leave with more vapors stuff. I thought that somebody...
 I'm sorry, I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. Excited to talk about Baseljep.
 Have you ever been in the Suez, Andy? No, I never have. I've been to the church
 where the Baseljep Maulzileum is, but I didn't know at the time that the Maulzileum's there.
 I'm absolutely gussied. I'm going to have to go back. You should go soon, because it's in trouble.
 Is it? Yeah. It's being refurbished. It's being refurbished. They've got a heritage grant.
 I'm all over this now. Ironically, water is destroying it. It's not as welcome-tank for me.
 I think if shit was destroying it, I think the water. It's very good point. It is underground, you know.
 He was responsible for a lot of underground stuff, not just the Suez. Also, a bit of the district line
 was part of the tunnel. Let's get into it. Let's get into it. He was a bit forgotten for a while.
 I think he's not now, but I think there's one Baseljep family, because it's such an old surname.
 There's one tiny place in France called La Baseljep. The Baseljep family came from France.
 Weirdly, they came via America. It was a strange route, but they migrated to Britain,
 and I think the early 19th century. And one person who was a few generations
 above Joseph was the tailor of Prince of Wales, George. Oh, yes, right. He was the first British
 Baseljep. He was the one who... Would you like a new suit? Would you like a new suit? I really think so.
 That's what it was. I can imagine it now. Yeah, yeah. He was the grandfather of Joseph.
 Right, Baseljep. What a family. It's a stunning family. And then there was Joseph William,
 who we think might have been in the Battle of Trafalgar in 1805. It's amazing. It was just like
 nepotism has been going through the ages of England. It's like England is built on a few
 of the stars. Stop it. Stop it. If your grandfather was talented, somehow you managed to still be fine.
 It's amazing how they're all so talented. It's just despite everything. French immigrants.
 I will say that when new arrivals, yeah, 300 years ago. Anyway, I think this Joseph was a stunning man.
 Oh, yeah. Mr. Sewers is great. Yeah, basically what he did, Joseph Baseljep,
 as he born in 1819, he is responsible more than most other people or maybe the biggest individual
 contribution to London turning from a medieval city into a modern one. Christopher Rad,
 this is the other one, I guess. Yeah, but what Baseljep was doing was so before Baseljep,
 the city was open-suers, cesspools and people's back gardens, you would have night-soil men
 turning up to take away the poo. I mean, just, and that led to cholera, cholera cholera. Like, it was
 just, it was cholera city. Yeah, the, the, the terms was disgusting. The terms was, basically,
 it's healthier now, isn't it, than it was then. Yeah. So unimaginably healthier. So basically,
 you put all the poo in the terms, the terms obviously flows out to see that broadly,
 broadly worked as a solution. It's a tidal river. But it's a tidal river. And it's so,
 so there would just be this mass in the water of poo that broadly is making its way out to see,
 but sometimes the tile would come back in. And that normally is okay, because it's normally in the water.
 Obviously, it stinks and obviously it's very, you cannot drink from the river. Yeah, yeah. But
 the main problem comes when the river level goes down a bit. And in the summer, summer of 1858 was
 unbelievably hot and dry. And the water level dropped. And there were piles of this matter on
 the banks of the times that were about six feet deep. Anyone who smelted at the time just wrote
 these accounts saying, I cannot describe the smell. Yeah, yeah. I will never forget the smell as long
 as I live. Yeah, right. And people were dying and dying and dying of cholera. Yeah. So he then,
 he then set in motion the building of the sewers. Yeah. Did a little thing where he sort of calculated
 that they should be double the size that they were planning on building, which means that we're
 largely using a lot of them 150 years later, right? We're still using them. But also, I mean, just
 sort of as a on a tourist level, if you're walking around London, you're kind of walking largely
 in Basil Jets London. Yeah. All of the embankments. So all the embankments amazing that it just wasn't,
 the Thames was so much wider. Yeah, but those are basically to be described as sewer caps. They are
 where the sewers are underneath. That was never there. So if you ever walk along the Thames,
 that's Basil Jets basically. It's like 50 acres of new London that you created. And that thing
 about him doubling the capacity, some sources say he worked out the purge of an average Londoner
 generously and then doubled it. And then some sources say he doubled it again. Because he said,
 look, we're only going to do this. I know Londoners. They're going to be pulling more than this. I tell
 you, we'll need to double this. Exactly. And he basically said, look, we cannot do this a second time.
 We have to do it once. Yeah. And that meant, right, that as the population rose, you had either double
 or quadruple the capacity, which meant that when high-rise buildings started being built and the
 purge overall purge did increase massively, like there is an alternate world in which he didn't
 double the capacity and in which 1960s London was overflowing the raw sewage, like swinging
 London would have just smelt. It would have been the worst. It would have been a nightmare. But because
 of his solution, it lasted until today. And now that we've just built this huge new sewer, the Thames
 Tideway Tunnel, which is designed to sort of solve the creaking of the system. He's buried in
 Wimbledon, I think. In St Mary's Church. Yes. And the Mausoleum is stunning. Sorry, most people won't know
 what St Mary's, like you were like, yeah, like everyone knows what St Mary's Church is. Sorry.
 I've lived in London for 15 years. I don't know where that is. I used to live in Wimbledon. Sorry,
 yeah. It's where they do, it's where they do the overflow parking for the tennis tournament.
 Right, right. Sorry to get you. Oh, you mean opposite the co-op. Right. Okay, you know.
 There's no co-op in Wimbledon James. It's near the second weight trove. But that church is, the
 Mausoleum is really interesting because it wasn't built for him. Did you see this? I did, yeah. It was built
 for a a slave owner called John Antony Rucker. Oh, no. Yeah. I who died in 1804. And then his family
 did not want to be in the Mausoleum with him for whatever reason. So it's just figured out he was
 a terrible slave owner. Yeah, mother Rucker. And then his family didn't want to be in there. So there
 was just almost empty, just one grave filled. So the Basil Jets bought the Mausoleum. Wow.
 And it, but he is still in there, Rucker. A Rucker is still in there. Yeah, so it's Rucker. And then
 half a dozen Basil Jets around him. Wow. Yeah, there's, there's, there's main Basil Jets. And then
 I think five children and Mrs. Basil Jets. And Mrs. Basil Jets. So we can fit nine, I read. So what
 are we up to? Seven, eight, one more space. Ed could go in that Mausoleum, couldn't he? I mean,
 that's warning now. But then there's also Peter, who's his other way. Yeah, it's the other famous
 Basil Jets. He's a television producer. Yeah, also isn't TV and made Big Brother awesome. He may,
 yeah, he was the creative head, I believe, of Endermall. And so he's the one who they brought in Big Brother
 because that was an international format. But really, the British one is what made it go global.
 And Dilo, no deal as well. He's got his message. Sorry, just what I'm thinking is obviously
 works in formatting. They've got one space in the Basil Jets Mausoleum. Wow. And all these Basil Jets
 who might decide. It's like reverse Dilo, no deal, because it's who goes in the box. This is Dabina.
 I'm going into the Big Basil Jets Mausoleum. I'm coming in. Oh my god. That's so good. Let's ask Ed if
 he wants to direct it. Robert Lindsay wants to host it. I think that would work. I should just say,
 Robert Lindsay is great. I call it my fubbly. And friend. Or no. And yeah.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two. And that is my fact. My fact this week is that this year,
 26 new bacteria species were discovered in a room specifically designed to not have any bacteria
 in them. Brilliant. So I got this story of a pop science writer. He's one of my favorite pop science
 writers, Dr. Robin George Andrews. He wrote it for National Geographic. And this is a story about
 the clean rooms that they have at NASA. So we build all of these rocket instruments that are going
 to Mars, all the rovers and so forth in these specific rooms, because you don't want to bring
 any life to Mars. I just love the way he said we. He's involved in their hopes like, wow,
 did we not feel great? You're talking about the podcast. Okay, me, sorry, I am heavily involved.
 You did it. Be proud. So basically the idea of the clean rooms is that humans can't allow any
 form of life on to Mars, because if we're looking for life there and we bring it there, we won't be
 able to tell if it was there or if it was from us. So these rooms are made very specifically
 to make sure that the smallest of bacteria gets killed off. And they have various different
 ways that they do that. They fill the room with ultraviolet lights. They have radioactive beams
 going through. They have prolonged periods of dry heating and they get to they get it to above
 water's boiling point. So it would kill anything that would be on the surface. They do basically
 everything they can to make sure nothing goes on. And they go, that's quite good. So that's the opening.
 Use another brand. You just pour them into a bucket together. Dumb. I'm going to set up a bleached
 company that kills not point not not. Oh, I don't need it. I don't need it. Yeah, so and a while ago,
 they found a bacteria that did survive and did possibly go into space on various missions. So it
 is possible that right now on Mars, there is a bacteria there that they didn't detect. So life
 might be on Mars right now. That'd be good. But why love was they when they saying that it's not
 that this bacteria are extremely good at like they're not like so small they couldn't find them.
 This bacteria was playing dead. That's the thing. This is what's the bacteria new to hide.
 When the velociraptor figures out the door like that's yes, that's what we've got, right? The bacteria
 was like guys guys. Yeah, it's basically like the ties. It goes into a hibernation that makes
 it seem as if it's because all of that bright red aren't they? Guys, put the camera on.
 Put the camera on. Go down. Go down. Behind the bush. Behind the bush. Okay, we've got we'll be in
 Mars in 14 years. We've just got to keep quiet. What I find really interesting is that because the rooms
 are clean so much, the microbes that are found there, it's almost like we are putting them through
 an accelerated breeding program to make sure they can withstand cleaning, drying, UV treatment and
 lack of food. Yeah. And you know, all the sterilization methods we're using, actually we're creating
 super bacteria. But what do they like swap the surfaces to see if it's there? I guess they must do
 right? Yes, I think and the ones they find the really weird thing is sometimes they're found only
 in clean rooms. So in 2013 scientists found a new microbe which had only been found in spacecraft
 clean rooms, one in Florida and one in French Guiana. Yeah, was that the one where they found that
 they were actually eating the cleaning products that they were using? Oh, you're amazing. Oh, this
 statue is delicious. Yeah, yum, yum. Isn't that bad that they found them in two different places? So then
 the pre that's pre that it's us doing this then. It's certainly a heavy implication, isn't it? Yeah,
 yeah, yeah. But that's why they swabs, James saying about swapping, they do swabs are in
 places and then they put them into solutions and test them and they're like, oh my god, yeah,
 this thing is still alive. That's how they've been discovering them. Yeah. Um, bacteria, oh yeah.
 And being discovered and so on. Yeah. They've recently found, we've spoken a bit about the
 largest single-celled organisms, which is kind of algae, I think, and they get really big. But in 2022,
 the world's largest bacterium was found and it's the size of an eyelash. It's 5,000 times bigger than
 the previous largest known bacterium. Right. You can pick it up with a pair of tweezers. It's
 crazy. It's called Theomargarita Magnifica. And I've bothered that from Peter Express.
 Disappointingly small. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Very big for a bacterium. Um, tiny pizza. Tiny, yeah, yeah.
 Waiter, there's a hair in my pizza. Actually. Don't shut everyone.
 Um, apparently it's the equivalent of us meeting a human being who's as tall as Mount Everest.
 What? That's how big it is in comparison to not a normal bacterium. To a normal bacterium, right?
 Isn't that? I mean, crazy. That's funny in the clean room when you go hide and mount Everest, dude.
 Oh, cleaning against the walls and awkward ways. Let me give you one more story about bacteria.
 Oh, okay. Okay. The stats are very bad, but it does have a happy ending. Okay.
 So there was a woman in 1984. She was in America and she was studying, um, gonorrhea.
 And she was driving home from work and she picked up her son on the way who was like three years old.
 And then left the sun in the car while she went to the shops to buy some stuff. Oh, no.
 The gonorrhea was in a petri dish that contains something called chocolate agar,
 which is like a type of jelly that you use to grow. It's not sweet, but you grow bacteria on it,
 but it looks a bit like chocolate. Oh, no. Anyway, the child et pyagarr. You've got to
 re-alarm and test positive for gonorrhea two days later. Oh, my God. And so they took them to the
 centers of disease control and told them what had happened. And the happy ending is that the
 child was cured because they gave them antibiotics mixed in with ice cream. So he got some ice cream
 in the end of chocolate. Chocolate ice cream. What a win for this kid. Oh, good lord. Imagine being
 that got when they get much older and being like trying to let you know, STD chat and being like,
 was a long time ago. I just think don't make your agar jelly look like ice cream. There are
 a few different barriers that have been that have been gone through there on the in the like
 it's a real get me anymore situation. Now, anyway, I've left the gonorrhea in this thing
 label chocolate. It's very 80s parenting as well. With all the chemicals. Well, it's like the marshmallow
 test except marshmallow. It's really interesting. This wiggly sort of ties back a bit to the previous
 fact because bacteria were first discovered in the 17th century and we think maybe in the 1640s
 Athanasius Kircher. He wrote that vinegar and milk abound with an innumerable multitude of worms.
 So that might have been him observing with a primitive microscope, like the microscopic life.
 But basically in 1900, so even 200 years after bacteria were discovered, the leading causes of
 death were influenza, tuberculosis and gastroenteritis, right? These are all microorganism based. In 2000,
 100 years later, the main causes of death were heart disease cancer and stroke. It's just a massive
 shift in what does eventually get you and our lives. Yeah, yeah, it was so bacterial before.
 Back in the day. Yeah, and before things like penicillin, that's what exactly.
 Yeah. Penicillin, I always think as one of those moments that were so lucky happened because
 there was a real sliding doors moment there. Because Alexander Fleming was to come back from holiday,
 so he was sitting inside his lab and he was going over all the petri dishes that he had left before
 going off on a holiday. So chocolate, chocolate. And out of nowhere, sort of as he's looking,
 a man called Merlin pops his head around the door. And there used to be colleagues together,
 and he was looking for a new job, I believe. And he sort of said, hey, Fleming, and had he'd said,
 let's go to the pub, which is why he was kind of coming in to have a chat with him and take him
 away from the work. He would have not have seen what he saw in the petri dish in that moment.
 So Merlin said, no, no, you keep looking. And that was the moment when he went, that's funny.
 And he saw what would become the mold, the bacteria had disappeared and that some mold had
 presumably killed it. And that was penicillin. And that was penicillin. How much do we believe that, Andy?
 Well, then the other thing he hasn't said is that Merlin handed him a sword, which he pulled
 out of his dome, and he became the rightful king of England. And that, I think that's a pretty
 big part of penicillin journey. I don't know why he left that out. Yeah. My way grandpa was called
 Herbert Mervin, but he told me as a child that his middle name was Merlin. That's because we
 were descended as well as people from Merlin. And I was about 25. Before, you know, when you say
 a fact out loud, and I was like, oh, yeah, because we're descended from Merlin. Oh, no, he lied.
 But so do we think that that's questionable if Merlin came in or not? Well, obviously Fleming was
 already a bacteriologist. And, you know, and he had made this discovery of lysosine, which was a thing
 which it did inhibit bacterial growth, but against a few small numbers of bacteria. So it wasn't a
 game changer. He found that in about 1921 or two. And then several years later, he left some
 Staphylococcus bacteria, a culture in the lab. And then he got back and he saw they'd been contaminated
 by a fungus, which had destroyed the colonies of staff around it. So that wasn't accident,
 but obviously he was very well placed to discover it. There is this story that it's only because
 he was in a rifle club at his local medical school. He was in medical school, just doing general
 medicine. And the team captain really wanted to keep him in the team and said, well, you'll stay in
 the team if you join the research department at St Mary's Hospital Medical School in Paddington.
 And that's why he became a bacteriologist. He's also written up on collegiatewaterpolot.org as
 the most significant water polo player of all time. Yeah, out. It's because... What did he do with the
 others? Is it just him? He played water polo age 16 for the London Scottish regiment because he
 was in the army as a young man. And this is a great website collegiatewaterpolot.org which basically
 re-centers the universe around water polo. I love it. That's very good. And even after he discovered it,
 it wasn't rolled out until 15 years later. Well, because yes, so there was that thing where it didn't
 yield as much penicillin as they need, that particular mould. So it became a global hunt in order
 to try and find a different mould that produced penicillin. And I guess it's part, you know, there's a lot
 of legendary tales about this stuff, but the story of moldy Mary, who's the person who often gets
 attributed to being the person. I think I've heard that like you are. There was a lab in Illinois
 that was trying to find a new mould. And they sent basically a calling out to soldiers around the
 world who were in the field trying to find mould and send it back to this lab. She, moldy Mary,
 the story of her, was a lab assistant working there. And one day when she was coming into work,
 she passed a grocery store outside, and she was buying a melon, and she saw an interesting melon
 in the in the batch that had some mould on it. And she thought, "How looks like the mould we might be
 looking for?" I still remember the day in QI when someone came into the office. I think it was probably
 just in Pollard and told us about moldy Mary's melons. We were just like, "Okay, well that's 20 minutes
 of material." Yeah, they have their own rights itself. Well so isn't it funny? There's that other Mary,
 TV Mary, moldy Mary. Oh yeah, type of Mary. Type of Mary, type of Mary. I'm like, "Don't call
 you kid Mary, it's the thing I'm getting, if I'm getting here." One thing about the older days is
 a lot of people call their kids Mary. Yes. We all have relatively young kids so know how hard it is
 to get them to brush their teeth. Oh my god. Oh my god. Oh my god. So here's some vibri begging, crying.
 Just open, just let me, yeah. Oh cool. Well here's something we can say to them that
 might help them to do it. If you brush your teeth properly, your mouth becomes full of nice bacteria,
 as if you don't. It's full of evil bacteria. Great. Don't get rid of bacteria. James, come onto my
 house. Please engage my five-year-old son with that argument. Let's see how far. Yeah, I think you're
 raising your child a bit differently to have maybe carry it and I hope that's not going to do much.
 You're not giving shits about the good bacteria or the nice bacteria. Here's what I do. If you clean
 your teeth, I'm going to give you five pounds. I say if you want to brush your teeth, we put the
 telly on. That's the deal. No one gets telly to tell you. I brought you for the yakled to get the
 friendly bacteria on them. We're doing the right thing. Yeah, that's right. So the idea is that if you
 put a load of bacteria together in a petri dish and some are nice as some are nasty. You got a party.
 And the nasty ones, they love a party and they're going to kill all the nice ones, right?
 And that works in pretty much all situations. But if you keep cleaning somewhere, then everyone's
 energy is used up by the fact that they keep getting killed by the fact that they're being cleaned and
 it suddenly becomes no use anymore to attack the other bacteria. Because they're fighting a bigger
 problem. Exactly that. And so what you find is that the more that people brush their teeth,
 the more the bacteria that's in your mouth are the ones that don't attack the other bacteria.
 And there's lots of links, isn't it, to like plaque bacteria in gums and dementia? Yeah, hard to
 see as well. Like flossing is one of the biggest things you can do because they found this bacteria in the
 plaque. And then I haven't read it, I can't remember. But there's some links to then finding the
 the the the mold in the brain. And so the one the biggest like causes they think is in between the
 teeth. Oh my god. It's interdental brushing, okay? Yeah, so that's good as a floss, yeah. Oh great.
 Because I use them as well. In other words, that's £5 while spent them. That's what we're saying,
 yeah, yeah, yeah. Mine is like cleaning my own teeth again. I start to when I moved out of home and
 that money dried up. Okay, it's time for fact number three. And that is James. Okay, my fact this
 week is that Byron's Don Jewen, which Gerta called a work of boundless genius, was inspired by a
 pantomime. Wow, two wells, one for the fact, the other for Don Jewen. I say Don Juan. Well, if you
 read the poem, you would get very confused by some of the rhymes. Really? Does it fail? They're in
 lies of tale. Yeah, so Don Juan is a story, isn't it? As sort of classic Spanish. He's a
 noble wothario. He's a dirty boy. Yeah, Don Juan. And the devil drags him to hell at the end. Sorry,
 spoiler. Don Juan. Yes, sorry. Oh, right. There's Johnny Depp film, which Byron Adams did the song for,
 good. Have you ever really loved a woman? We've all got, I was going to say Moliad, but yeah.
 Have you ever really, really, really ever loved a woman? Oh, I love that song. I've held back
 until now, but the number of copyright breaches you've made this show, but they're going to be a
 nightmare to edit around. Sorry, sorry, we have stews review it. That was beautiful singing career.
 Thank you so much. I call him Donnie Johnny. Oh, that's what Byron called. Yeah, I really like that.
 In letters, it was found that he was referring to him as Donnie Johnny. Now, this is not a Byron
 story, is it? This is a story that goes further than. Yeah, it goes all the way back, but Byron did
 his own version, which was actually quite different than Don Juan. But in his version, he said he was
 inspired by a boldly rise version of Shadwell's Liberty. And Shadwell's Liberty was a pantomime.
 In those days, pantomime wasn't, he's behind you and stuff. There was also some different things.
 They could be Marionettes. They could be, they're basically very popular plays that happened
 in, in the west end of London. And this one was made by Charles Anthony Del Pini at the Royal Theatre
 Byron Sora, and thought I'm going to write something that slags off all my mates, but with this theme.
 So what? Don Juan is basically. Do we know if it was, did you say, do we know if it was Panto or a
 puppet show or a... Well, I've really tried to find out. It was definitely a pant, this was a
 pantomime, but some pantomimes did have Marionettes in, and I think this one did, and I think it was
 also based a little bit on Punch and Judy, because I was very popular at time as well. Right.
 It sounds like the poem itself, which has seemed to be Lord Byron's sort of masterpiece, really,
 and which he published many years, because they were written in cantoes, right. So they sort of were
 released. Yeah, you do a book at a time, and then it was about six years he was, they were coming in.
 It's like M-thrums. Yeah, exactly, right. Yeah. And like Game of Thrones, the final book was never
 written, I believe. Yeah. I mean, we've still got a chance with George R.R. Martin, but...
 I was the last seven were missing. He said it was meant to be 24, cantoes,
 many books and four, and there are sort of 60's. Is anyone around here read it?
 I've read the whole thing. Have you? Oh, because I studied English. I thought it was a little
 prop for you all. Oh, yeah. My university edition of Lord Byron, and it's very...
 We did Byron, but it's Sussex. You didn't ever read the text. You just had to talk about the
 historical context of what was after that. Look, it's so... So it's that it's about...
 It's nearly 500 pages of this book, and it's eight line verses. It's really...
 Yeah, I remember looking at it and finding it not quite hard to read. But the thing is, I think it's
 the most readable epic poem. And give us a random, yeah, verse. You gentlemen,
 by dint of long seclusion, from better company, have kept your own. At Keswick and through still
 continued fusion of one another's minds, at last, have grown. To deem, as a most logical conclusion,
 that Poise has reached for you alone, there is a narrowness in such a notion, which makes me wish
 you change your lakes for ocean. Absolutely devastating slam. So he spends... Come on, it's like when
 it's a ten-year-old does a little rhyming pose. Was Keswick? So he's at about Wordsworth that.
 It's about the Lake Poets. Is it? It's worth Conorage, who were his big rivals, Sothe,
 who was the poet laureate at the time, who was very stoji. He spends a lot of this epic poem about,
 supposedly, about Don Jew and slagging off Wordsworth et al. And you mentioned Keswick, home of the
 now, well-famous pencil museum. Right. But I would say Byron is probably the only one of those who's
 readily readable, pretty much anyone can pick up Wordsworth. It's worth it. It's so readable.
 It's much more readable. I think Don Jew and it's so funny. It's so clear and it's so entertaining.
 It's a brilliant story. It's all about this young nobleman and it's the scrapes he gets into and
 it starts with him accidentally getting into an adulterous situation with a married lady when
 his young man. And then canto two is all his massive shipwreck story, which is so exciting.
 Unlike Don Juan, he's not a lethario. He keeps finding himself with older women and stuff like that.
 You're on it. Basically Byron is Byron slightly excusing his own lethario-ish behaviour by saying,
 "Look, it's not like that you're on it. It just happened." I just fell into this room.
 But the second book of it is all about this big shipwreck which Don Jew and gets caught up in.
 And this is really cool because Byron's grandfather, again very aristocratic family, he was Lord Byron.
 His grandfather was a young man called John Byron, maybe 50 years earlier. So it's John Byron.
 And he was in a shipwreck himself. There's this amazing book called The Wager, which is all about this
 English shipwreck got sunk in 1732. I've just finished it and one of the main sources of how it all
 went down and there was cannibalism, there was mutiny, there was murder. One of the main sources is John
 Byron, who later became an admiral and got nicknamed Fowler the Jack because everywhere he went,
 the worst storms in the world happened to him. But if you're on the ship with Lord Byron's grandfather,
 yeah, you're going to have terrible weather. That was his reputation. So then Fowler the Jack
 son was Mad Jack Byron, who was Byron's dad. And then Byron didn't seem to carry on the nicknames.
 Everyone was called Jack or Mary. But basically Byron took a lot of the shipwreck stuff from his
 grandfather's own book about the shipwreck. Like there's a bit where they eat Don Jewen's dog and it's
 a really sad story. And that had happened to his own grandfather. Well, that did seem to be the
 thing about Byron was that his poetry, as you're saying, that's laced with autobiography in it. And
 the Lathario stuff, which is what he was known for it in his real world, people were sort of reading
 it almost almost in the way that as as we're talking, a new Lillie Allen album has been released,
 yeah, which just lays out the life that she's recently experienced with her now ex-husband. It's just
 like it's all the stories. It's like a gossip, right? We send that Lillie Allen is the modern day,
 Lord Byron. You know what? Fuck yeah, we are. Because that is a piece of genius. That album,
 the writing on that is so beautiful. The lyrics are unbelievable. Also, I'll take her as modern day by
 her dad was very famous. Yeah, Mad Jack. Mad Key, Alan. How do you think you'd object to that title,
 either? This is the most, how do you do fellow kids where you describe it, Lord Byron. Sorry,
 and her brother was in Game of Thrones. So, and they slept together, haven't they? Lillie Allen
 and her brother. No, no, brother. That was Alfie Allen and Gemma Wheelan, so not actually Lillie Allen.
 Sorry, yeah, yeah. Gemma playing her sister. I know. I really like the Lord Byron as Lillie Allen
 theory. Oh, yeah. Because he did have to flee England. Lillie Allen has never had to flee England.
 She's been living in New York. She fled New York. She brought a big brownstone because
 he told her to buy it and encourage her to get it more good. These are the lyrics to the
 first song. Okay, it's great. We continue in Kerry's copyright corner here. It's fine.
 Does she have a club foot? Do we know? She has a club. She, yeah, yeah. She swam the
 hellish bumps in the straight between Europe and Asia. She died into the canal in Venice,
 famously. Huge fan of Greek independence. But Byron sort of, he had to flee England after his
 marriage fell apart and he was accused of unnatural vices and having appallingly mistreated his wife.
 You know, there was this thing about his half-sister. Did they have an affair? But also, he was the only
 poet. He properly walked the walk and he went to Greece and funded the Greek Navy for a while
 because Greece was trying to win his independence from the Turks. That's track five on the
 Will the Greeks try and keep Lillie Allen's lungs after she dies because she used her breath to speak
 out for Greek independence. Byron died in Missalongi, which is Greek town promoting Greek independence.
 And he'd been there for years, backing the Greek. He was this huge fan of the Greeks and he wrote
 some very rude stuff about Lord Elgin and that, you know, like knicking Greek treasures. And the
 Greeks kept his lungs, the source of his new map, the breath of the soul and his larynx and they were
 sort of put in an earning Greece until and they've disappeared. The give back those marbles we might
 get the lungs back coming as a first one. Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show. That is Andy.
 My fact is, for several years in the 1920s, a beach in South Wales was the fastest place on the
 planet. How can a beach be faster? Well, good point. I'm not surprised as someone with South
 Wales in heritage. Oh, yeah. Your Welsh carrier. I'm half Welsh. Yes, I've never fully understood
 the extent to which Welsh, but well, my dad is Welsh. Oh, there we go. So I was born there and I
 am called Calean Lloyd. I thought that I know. That was my clue. So have you ever been to the
 Pentine Sands in Carmarthenshire? Oh, Carmarthenshire, yeah, I have actually, yeah. So is this stunningly
 beautiful beach? Make the whole of the beaches of South Wales are the most beautiful beaches in the
 world. Sorry, Dan. I don't know if you're going to interject there with beaches that you may be from,
 but the gower peninsula, all of that bit are stunning. Absolutely. I wasn't trying to raise up
 although the Pentine Sands, if I were to blow any of the other beaches of South Wales, all of which
 are 10 out of 10 or Australia or Australia. Sydney ones are terrible actually. I'm sure they're fine.
 Yeah, you know, but oh, the gower. Oh my god. Oh, absolutely. Tell us more.
 Well, there's this beach called the Pentine Sands and the interesting thing about it is it's
 very long and the sand is nice and compact and hard and it was traditionally used for foot races,
 you know, horseback races, bike races. They started having motorbike races there in the early
 20s and they realized that hang on in the 20s, people were starting to get serious about breaking
 land speed records in a car. And the early records have been broken out of a track called Brooklyn,
 which is circular or avoid. And what you really need to break a land speed record is a very,
 very long straight track because you need a couple of miles to get up to top speed. You need a mile
 at top speed and then you need another mile to slow down. Turning those carnages on is going to
 slow you down. Exactly. And so they realized this beach is perfect to drive on because it's seven
 miles of sand and you can drive on it. I wonder on it a few weeks ago. Yeah. And it's absolutely,
 it's amazing. Of course it is. It's stunning. Yeah, yeah. But I thought that it's now property of
 the MOD. It is. You can't walk on it during the week. I was there on a weekday and there are
 loud dystopian announcements saying, do not walk on the beach. Right. You can go at the end by
 the cafe in the museum, which is where I went. What do they do on there? They test weapons.
 You know what the MOD are like? They're testing weapons. They're not having cups of tea.
 That was the most beautiful place in the country we can bond.
 Unbelievable. So it's, but there is this bit, which you can't go on, which is open to the public.
 And they've just opened a new museum there about the land speed records. And it's amazing. And
 they've got a brilliant display of other different kinds of sand and the diameter of the grains,
 which I found very interesting. How are your family? Wait a few to week. All those tiny
 bits of information next to the pictures. Were they because you reminded me so much of my father
 one hundred a day. He's still reading it. He's still reading the information flags. But we
 spent two hours. I don't touch the petri dishes. That's exactly why I went to the website for
 the museum. And it said, if you rush, you can probably complete it in two hours. So I imagine Andy's
 family were. No, I did a new land speed record in the museum because people were getting a bit
 impatient. People were getting a tad impatient. But this is where Malcolm Campbell, who's the site,
 the sort of head of this amazing speed-breaking family. I'm sure we'll talk about them. He broke
 the record at 146 miles an hour. His friend and rival, JG Perry Thomas, broke it in his car,
 Babs. Babs is the name Babs. Oh sorry, Perry Thomas was Welsh and he was, he tragically was killed
 there during the land's been record attempt. Instantly killed. And the action later moved to places like
 the Daytona Salt Flats. As a result of that crash, I think. I really do. Basically, he was trying to
 get over 200 miles an hour really. He was trying to get there and thereabouts. And they realised that
 when he died in that crash, probably this isn't the best place to go that fast. Right.
 He needed somewhere even flatter. And then they went to the salt flats, didn't they?
 Yes. And he got buried and so did Babs. His car was buried as well. Babs was buried in the exact
 spot where the crash happened. So they literally dug a hole, put it down there. And it was buried
 there for about 42 years. And then someone petitioned to excavate it, to put it back together.
 And it now very occasionally sits in the museum, Andy. I have seen it. Wow. You saw Babs?
 Yeah. It's been lovingly restored. Wow. It's so, it's such a great museum.
 Yeah. But also, did you read about the heritage of Babs? It must have been there in the museum.
 Okay. So Babs went by a different name before. So that was a new name given to Babs because it was
 a new owner. It was originally called Chitty 4 because it was owned by a man called Count Zbrowski,
 who was the inspiration for Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. What? This was one of the cars that was the
 inspiration for Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. I'm sorry. Let's see the PRS moment. Bang Bang Chitty Chitty.
 Oh my god. Oh my god. We love you. Bang Bang Chitty Chitty Bang Bang. Okay.
 There was Chitty 1, Chitty 2, Chitty 3, and then Chitty 4. Chitty 1, Chitty 2, Chitty 2, Chitty 3.
 Chitty 1 became the ownership of Arthur Conan Doyle's sons. They took ownership of that,
 and the other two went to other people, and number 4 raised it. Yeah. So that's what you saw.
 You know who has the current British land speed record? Bob Goudof. I'm going to...
 Actually, I think I'm right now. Is it Freddy Fudd's half? No. It's not. Oh, is it someone from
 Top Gear? Is it... It's not Idris Elba. It's Idris Elba. Is it? I'm sorry. Bob Goudof is far off from
 Idris Elba. They're both national treasures. Exactly. Exactly. He broke it in 2015. He did 180
 miles an hour for what they call the flying mile in a, in a some kind of Bentley. I mean, he did it
 on the pen by chance. Yeah. Yeah, I know. It's the UK land speed record. Like the current
 world land speed record is 760 something miles an hour. It's very, very fast. Okay.
 But yeah, Amy Johnson, when she flew from South Wales to New York directly, she took off from...
 The pen, nine sounds. The pen, nine sounds. Wow. I know. He's a big glamorous spot. It's used to be
 glamorous and it lasted a very, very brief time. So he talked about Malcolm Campbell. Oh, yeah.
 And then let's talk about some of the other family members. So his son was Donald Campbell,
 who was the only man to hold both the land and water speed records at the same time. Wow.
 And he was one of who famously died on Coniston in a water accident. Lake District.
 Coniston water. Yeah. Actually climbed the old man at Coniston. Yeah.
 At the same trip I went to the Kessik Pantson Museum. Did you? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And Donald has a daughter called Gina. Yeah. And she has broken the women's world water speed record.
 The Campbell's just have this huge... We've done dynasties today. It is dynasties.
 Don Wales. Malcolm's grandson has broken the record for the fastest lawnmower on the pen, nine sounds.
 Okay. Who's, who did that? He's a guy called, he's called Don Wales and he's Malcolm Campbell's grandson.
 He loves Wales so much. He was like, just call me Don Wales. Don Wales. Don Dune and Don Wales.
 I think that's like, that is very British isn't it? It's like, our land speed record is so
 shit compared to the rest of the world. We're going to have to go lawnmowers. We're going to go
 novelty. You do. It's 87 miles an hour. It's just pretty good for a lawnmower. Just a sit-on lawnmower.
 Well, you do have to take part in a public grass cutting demonstration before the race.
 So it has to be a pro, you have to be a proper lawnmower. But that's got to have a different engine,
 right? It's made from lawnmower parts. No, I get that. I think it's not different.
 Yeah. Yeah, it's my massive rocket strength. The bit where the grass normally collects is now a
 fuel tank. Yeah, that's right. Okay. You can't be just getting up to 87 miles an hour on a normal,
 oh, people will be dying. Sorry. Imagine if that was assessing what's the top speed. Let's try that.
 Be awful. And fastest shed also broken on the pen, nine sounds. Okay. Well, the pen, nine sounds are
 doing their best to keep these records coming, aren't they? Do you think it's faster or slower than
 the fastest lawnmower? I think slower. Slow, because it's so bulky. Okay. Well, I guess I'll go faster.
 Downs correct. 100 miles an hour is the faster shed record. It's pretty good. Was it on a lawnmower?
 Did they build it around the lawnmower? I don't know, but there's no shed demonstration,
 like you don't have to get a side out of it. Was the lawnmower guy trying to put the lawnmower
 back into the shed when he went that fast? Very good. Pen, nine sounds is, I know it's full of making
 the best of their last class. If you're nearby, the museum is wicked. Landspeed records are in a
 bit of a funk at the moment, I'd say. So the last time the land speed record was broken was 1997.
 Oh, I guess as the world is being slowly destroyed, it feels a bit, it's ingenuous to just go really fast.
 They have tried to find a synthetic fuel for the bloodhound project, which is this massive rocket
 they're trying to fire across the ground. They were going to try and do a thousand miles an hour
 with a slightly more eco-friendly version of it, but they just keep running out of money and
 it's sort of parked for the moment. I mean, literally it is parked. But it's the era of breaking
 records like Guinness World Record, you know what I mean? I feel like we grew up with that being a
 big thing that that was how fast can you go? And now maybe we're like, you know, we've stopped to think,
 should we do this? How many followers you have? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just should, is it worth this?
 Yeah. We should all slow down. Yeah. There was a, there was a bicycle record, really interesting one
 that was set there. Good, an eco record. Thank you, Dan. Thank you. This was in 2013. This was Guy
 Martin. You know Guy Martin? Yeah, he's a motorbike guy and he's, he's run a bunch of best-selling books
 and TV shows and so on. And he set a record for a bicycle slipstream record. Okay. Isn't that
 amazing? So he was, he was going behind another vehicle and then he used the slipstream and that's when
 they started recording the time. If it's faster or slower than, let's say the shed. Give me the shed
 again. Shed was a hundred miles an hour. Okay, cycling. Well, what do you think then? In a
 slipstream. Can't be a hundred miles. Even in a slipstream. On a bicycle as well. On a bicycle.
 He got a bit slower than a shed. Not an e-bike. Was it a line bike? Because they can go really fast.
 Yeah, a bit unnerving. I'll say slower than, but only just slower than the shed.
 Yeah. I think this might be a minor Nana's book that I can't remember what it was.
 Oh, right. I think it was like a hundred and twenty odd miles an hour, but 112.9 miles an hour.
 Fasten the shed. Yeah. So it goes lawnmower shed. Guy Martin in a slipstream.
 Yeah. But you do have electric car speed records, don't you? I think we're talking about.
 Yeah. I think I think I'm mental. Are they fast? I've got one from 1899. It was the first electric
 car to go over a hundred kilometers an hour. It was called Le Jamé Contente, meaning never satisfied.
 Oh, I really thought it was saying to him, sorry. I was like, oh, that happened. Happy
 time. Yeah. I've seen the photo of that. It's insane. It was absolutely bananas there.
 Apparently it was it was pretty tough to ride and the muscles of his body and neck became
 completely rigid as he drove it, because it was just all over the place.
 Oh, right. So obviously they didn't have any stability or anything like that in those days.
 They have just launched the fastest e-scooter on the planet. Yeah. And you please mind out on the
 pavements because they are driving these things like crazy people. Well, this one goes at a hundred
 miles an hour. Watch out. Why do you need that? Watch out. Pick a dilly circus. Watch out.
 It's not a good idea. It's a really bad idea. That feels like that's my daughter going to nursery
 in the morning. Yeah. When I'm trying to catch up with her. Those microscuters are fast.
 It's called the Turbo. It's made of aerospace grade aluminium and it has a range of 150 miles.
 And I bet you some fucker was still not where I held me and be on the road with that.
 Yeah. Yeah. You mentioned being overtaken in the far you're driving in the fast lane.
 Someone behind you is on an e-scooter right up your back bumper. I've learned to. I've seen people
 on e-scooters like going so fast on the road. It's terrifying. This is the future. You'll be soon
 saying, honey, I think we were just overtaken by a shed. So some Welsh records. Great.
 The number of people skinny dipping in a single venue is beaten this year and the Gallup Peninsula.
 Oh, of course. What a lovely place to skinny dip wonderful. Do you want to guess how many?
 130. Close? No, not close. Oh, I'm going to say a thousand. I'm going to say four things.
 Oh, closer than that. 295. 413. Wow.
 Yeah. And did you turn into an orgy afterwards? No, it didn't. It was very respectable.
 They did at 9 a.m. to stop any rubber neckas from turning up. They can still get up early.
 But no one in our clock is morning work. Are you ready? They're prying. Oh, it's 830. I simply cannot be
 learing at someone before 9 a.m. I haven't had my guppuccino. And recently the longest ever tug of
 war game took place on a Welsh beach. Now, when you say longest, yeah, are we talking
 longest? No, it is stretched out. It's the longest rope. So it doesn't have to be the most people.
 It's just the longest rope. Here's the question. Was it longer or shorter than the longest suspension
 bridge in Portugal? No, no. No. No, because I know this one. I know this one. Can I just say as well?
 It's part of Club Fish. We're launching a quarterly quiz. And I can tell you, you're listening now.
 This is the kind of gold you're going to get. You're going to love this.
 You're going to think about it logically. There's no way logic can apply here. Why have I found
 this suspension bridge? Because it's very short. Because Portugal doesn't have any suspension
 bridges. Oh, because I know the length of the rope. Yeah. And I'm searching for other things.
 So they're the same. They're the same. And it was the largest suspension bridge in the world
 until quite recently. And then it got overtaken by one in Southeast Asia. Wow.
 So the rope was that long? How long do you have length? 20 meters.
 There's 1,694 feet. Is that two very strong people to believe in that?
 As in, could you hold that rope in the air? Two teams of 50. Oh, okay. That's a lot. But they're
 well. So they're going to be strong. They're going to be strong. That's just a fact. There's
 nothing they can do about that. That's actually strong. I always struggle to remember whether you're
 halfway or 150%. Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we're all online on various social media accounts. I'm on Instagram,
 on @Streiberland. Andy Instagram @AndreHunterRam. James coming at me on LinkedIn.
 And Carried. You can find me on Instagram @CarriedLoyte. Yeah, you can also find her in bookshops now.
 You got your new book out. Yes, Lydia Marmalade, and the Christmas wish is available in
 paperback now. So book for ages eight and upset in Jane Austen Times featuring a misstievous winter
 sprite and a very hungry sausage dog. Nice. There you go. Well, listen, if you want to write in
 anything about what we've said over the course of this podcast, we can all be reached via podcast
 at qi.com. Send your emails in there. They go to Andy. Andy often cherry picks those emails,
 which we then bring to our show. Drop us a line, which is part of our membership club club fish.
 Go to our website. No such thing as a fish.com to check out that and more. We've got merch. We've
 got an upcoming gig that you can get tickets to. Otherwise, just come back here next week,
 because we'll be back with another episode. We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
