 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four mysterious locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin.
 Once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is Andy.
 - My fact is that from 1925 until 1936,
 the town of Eastbourne had two phone booths
 with thatched roofs.
 - Wow, that sounds very Eastbourne to me.
 - It does.
 It feels like phones and thatched roofs belong
 to quite different eras.
 So why would they get the thatched roof?
 I mean, what I would call the post-thatch era.
 - Well, they weren't, see, Eastbourne adapted a bit later
 than the rest of the world to the post-thatch.
 To everything, but to the end of thatch.
 Basically, it was the beginning of the 20th century,
 very exciting.
 You know, we've got phones now and we've got phone boxes.
 And early days, local authorities didn't like
 getting standard designs for what was going on
 in their parish council, their town council, whatever.
 And so they had these two kiosks on the seafront
 and they thought, no, this doesn't look very Eastbourne
 to us.
 So they insisted that they got a local thatcher
 to come on and build them a thatched roof.
 And it looks so stupid.
 It obviously looks like a sort of magic toadstool
 that you'd see a pixie living in.
 - And is this on the classic red phone box?
 The K6, as it's known, or is this earlier?
 - These weren't K6 models.
 These were very early models.
 - They were the Kons.
 - Yeah.
 - Still red, right?
 - I looked at the full K1 to 6 range
 and aside from a couple of exceptions,
 they all look the same to me.
 I can't believe there's so much fuss about the progress.
 - Maybe you've got phone box blindness
 like James has face blindness.
 - Sorry, so it's on the K1 that is red,
 but very different to the K6.
 - These are the K1s.
 And in fact, they were not universally disliked
 because in 1936, there was a letter
 to the Eastbourne Chronicles saying,
 I can't believe you've taken the thatch roof
 off the phone boxes.
 What are standards coming to in Eastbourne?
 - Well, they did say that, but in that letter,
 they said that the original one looked like
 a cross between a Chinese pagoda and a mushroom.
 So they didn't like the new ones,
 but I'm not sure they liked the old ones that much either.
 - No one likes anything in Eastbourne.
 That's the message.
 - It's not a bad thing.
 I know you hate mushrooms, so you're very biased,
 but I don't know if I automatically assume
 a Chinese pagoda cross with a mushroom is a negative thing.
 It sounds kind of beautiful.
 - Yeah, okay.
 Well, I'm sure that Boris Johnson will be bringing you in
 to do his interior design sometime soon.
 - Don't you think it's so sad that they stopped at the K6?
 'Cause if they got to the K9,
 we would have had dog-shaped phone boxes.
 - There was a K7 and a K8, definitely.
 - Oh, God damn it.
 - They stopped.
 - Maybe it was a trademark issue, right?
 Maybe K9 came out and they just didn't have access.
 - Yeah, because it's like Dr. Who had a dog called K9,
 didn't he?
 And he had a, like not a telephone box,
 but he had a, what did he have?
 A police box.
 - There's a police box.
 - There wouldn't have been all sorts of confusion there,
 wouldn't there?
 - Yeah.
 - But there was a KX model.
 So that was kind of a K10 or a Latin 10.
 So it feels like there's something going on here
 that we're not being told.
 - The KX100 is the one you're talking about maybe,
 which is the glass modern-ish one
 that everyone will kind of remember from the '90s.
 - That is what I'm talking about.
 - Maybe the KX is the rude one
 when we started putting up all those, you know,
 sex worker call numbers inside.
 KXXX, known as the K30.
 - I found out about those in the course of researching this.
 And only in the course of researching this, I'd like to say.
 But do you know where the world's largest collection is
 of what get called Tarte's Cards in phone boxes?
 - Did they still get called that?
 Wow.
 - They do in academics.
 - So they, righty.
 Is it in the British Library?
 - So close.
 You're about 100 meters away.
 It's the Welcome Library,
 the amazing Institute of, you know,
 they've got all sorts of collections
 and they have 17 boxes of them.
 - What is that?
 - Collected by one employee called Steven.
 He still collects new ones, doesn't he?
 He goes around London
 'cause he's updating the collection all the time.
 - Wow.
 And what a coincidence that he works for the Welcome Library,
 which is also a place that collects things.
 - Yeah.
 Is it advertised as part of the collection
 or is it like once you've been round
 a relatively dry selection of old manuscripts,
 you might want a fun time at the end?
 - Actually, at the Welcome Collection,
 they do have a lovely little cafe
 that has a selection of various tarts.
 So they do.
 - Thanks.
 - It's good to know.
 - It's really interesting.
 Just on those, it sort of started
 the idea of these tart cards in phone boxes
 started supposedly in Soho area.
 And when they first went up,
 they were done purely with words.
 And in order to go past obscenity laws and so on,
 they had to do coded advertisement.
 So for example,
 you might see one that said large chest for sale.
 And you would know that that was some,
 I mean, there was reports that the worker in question
 did have to field lots of calls from furniture buyers
 as a result of that.
 But it would be all these kind of innuendo.
 - Wow.
 - Early phone boxes were so cool.
 Some of them had carpets inside,
 just one tiny square of carpet on the ground indoors.
 They all had cigarette rests.
 So you could rest your fag while you were smoking,
 which I love.
 - Nice.
 - Yeah, oak finishes.
 They were quite gorgeous things in the early days.
 You know, now almost all phone boxes have been adapted
 into other things like many libraries
 or what internet cafes or whatever,
 because people aren't using them to phone anymore.
 Even in 1938, I read a letter,
 furious letter, into the Belfast Telegraph
 by a man who said, "I had to make a phone call.
 "So I went to a phone box and I was held up for 10 minutes
 "by two ladies inside.
 "And of course the two ladies were not using the phone.
 "There was a mirror in the phone box as a lot of them had
 "and they were penciling their eyebrows
 "and powdering their noses."
 And as he said, "Surely we see enough
 "of these empty-headed, useless, modern girls
 "applying makeup on trams and buses,
 "without having to wait for them outside the home boxes."
 - I'm trying to buy a chest.
 (laughing)
 - He signed off bachelor bill
 and like it remained so, I imagined.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, they do, they are being repurposed at the moment
 just to jump to current times.
 There's basically a graveyard, isn't there,
 of where they've been collected by restorers
 who field calls from around the world of people
 wanting to own a precious historical K6 phone box.
 And they get all sorts of real--
 - Is that what you would say at graveyarders?
 - Well, you take things--
 - It's your graveyards where you send your dad
 and they get refurbished and sent back to you, right?
 (laughing)
 - You're right, what is it?
 Yeah, it's like a hospital.
 (laughing)
 - It's a plastic surgery.
 - Yeah, that's what it is. - Yeah, that's it, yeah.
 And they, yeah, so they're restoring them.
 And the people who buy them sort of have a request
 that there was a guy in Saudi Arabia
 who really wanted his turned into a shower.
 So they've sort of had to look into doing that.
 And there's a huge waiting list
 and they can only restore so many per year
 'cause it's a big job.
 You have to match the color, which is post office red,
 which is quite an easy thing to do 'cause it is available.
 But, so that's not--
 - It sounds like a nightmare, Dad, no, no.
 (laughing)
 - You've got to put the new glass in,
 which they use just classic glass.
 So you've got to source that.
 (laughing)
 Very accessible wood involved and just your basic steel.
 So it's a nightmare over there.
 - Yeah, gosh.
 - Dad, is that Merstem you're talking about?
 - Yeah, I mean, how many graveyards are there?
 - I just, I know the village of Merstem and it's lovely.
 That's worth it.
 - I think I've been to the place where the graveyard is.
 - It's in Surrey. - Yeah.
 - Surrey, bit beyond Croydon.
 - I have a feeling that I deliberately drove my wife
 about 50 miles out of our direction
 just to see that graveyard once.
 - It doesn't sound like you, Jaws.
 (laughing)
 Did they let you in, James, to browse the dead?
 - I can't remember.
 - They were too busy frantically trying to find some glass.
 (laughing)
 The guy who invented, designed many of the models
 in the phone box, he did the two, the three,
 and the K6 as well.
 Giles Gilbert Scott, he was an unbelievable guy.
 In fact, we've mentioned him once or twice before
 'cause Dan, you said ages ago that he did
 Battersea Power Station and the phone boxes
 and other stuff.
 - Yeah, and he did Waterloo Bridge
 and he did the Tate Modern Building.
 I mean, his imprint.
 - House of Commons.
 - House of Commons.
 - The, yes.
 - After it, definitely.
 - No, he did the phone box
 outside the front of the house of commas.
 - No, no, I'm not letting that go.
 It was bombed in the war.
 And he, I mean, he basically, he did the redesign
 of the recreation of the chamber after the war,
 but he did do it the same as Pugin's design.
 But his family, so he was Giles Gilbert Scott, right?
 His father was George Gilbert Scott, also an architect.
 His father was also called George Gilbert Scott
 and was also an architect, right?
 - Wow.
 - His son, Richard, was another architect.
 Richard Gilbert Scott, also an architect, died in 2017.
 There was an Elizabeth Gilbert Scott,
 or Elizabeth Scott, who was the cousin of Giles
 and did the Shakespeare Theatre in Stratford.
 - This whole family. - Wow.
 - Of Scots and Gilbert Scots.
 They've just done so much.
 - Yeah.
 - George Gilbert Scott Jr.,
 the son of the first George Gilbert Scott,
 died in the Midland Hotel at St. Pancras,
 which his own father had designed.
 - Wow.
 I really thought you were gonna say he died
 in the phone box, which would have been so tragic.
 (laughing)
 - That St. Pancras Hotel, which he designed,
 is where they filmed the wannabe video for the Skies Girls.
 - Is it?
 - Which I think of all these things that they did
 is probably the absolute pinnacle.
 - Wow.
 - So yeah.
 - And the takeaway fact of this whole episode,
 that is awesome.
 - If you go there, and I don't think
 we should encourage everyone to go there,
 you can just go and stand on that staircase
 where they kind of come down at the start
 and do their little-
 - Oh, I remember that scene.
 Okay, that's part of the context.
 - I really hope when you check in at Concierge,
 they say, "What do you want?"
 (laughing)
 - I'll tell you what I want.
 (laughing)
 - There was originally gonna be a George Gilbert Scotty spice,
 but they had to reject the idea.
 (laughing)
 - Did he design George Gilbert Scotty the K-4?
 I guess he did, 'cause again, it looked like all the rest.
 - I think he was all Ks.
 I thought he was all the Ks.
 - I believe not, actually.
 - Oh, wow, really?
 - Really?
 - Then he was plagiarized in the K-4, which was the best.
 So it's my favorite of the Ks.
 - Okay, wow.
 - And that's because it was also a self-service post office.
 So it had a stump dispenser and a letterbox
 added to the back of it.
 There are only 50 made.
 It was actually a bit of a disaster.
 I think it was quite expensive.
 But yeah, it had a post machine
 where you could put your money in,
 you get some stamps out, you post your letter,
 and there are five remaining.
 So if you live in the village with any of those five,
 then go and visit and pay it a respect.
 - Yeah, if you want to make a online call or send a letter,
 which we all do every single day these days.
 - I'm out of phone box stuff.
 A couple of things on thatch.
 - Yeah, sure.
 - So thatch is no longer a major thing in the UK,
 but there are still some outputs.
 So I think about 60,000, 50 or 60,000 homes
 in the UK are thatched, which is quite a lot to me.
 Loads of Norfolk, loads in Suffolk.
 There's one thatched Brewery, which is in Bridport in Dorset.
 And Dorset actually, it's got two model thatched villages
 and in the village of Sheterton, a thatched wall.
 - Really?
 - What?
 - Okay, which, am I allowed to pick you up on the town today?
 - The village of, yeah.
 - So that's a real place?
 - Sheterton is a real place,
 and it's not the point of the fact.
 - No, I'm sorry, yeah.
 - No, you must have been so frustrated
 when you found that fact and you thought,
 what I want them to talk about is the thatched wall,
 but you know what they're going to focus on?
 It's bloody Sheterton.
 Why do they need to thatch the wall?
 Is it to protect it from, you know?
 - I think there might be a summer house somewhere,
 halfway along it, but it is basically a wall
 that's just covered in a thatched roof all the way along.
 That's pretty sweet.
 - That's pretty good.
 Good reason to go to Sheterton.
 Do you know what in thatching,
 do you know what a butt is?
 - I don't know.
 - It's if you have a bundle of reeds or straw,
 it's the thicker end of that.
 It's called the butt.
 Do you know what a cheek is?
 - Is it the opposite of the butt?
 - No, it's the thinner end.
 - It's just a word for the side of a window,
 but that means if you put your thick ends of your straw
 up against your window, you have a butt cheek.
 (laughing)
 - Ah, lovely butt cheeks in Sheterton.
 - He's not official.
 (laughing)
 - I'd be so confused if I went into the pay phones
 and saw the tarot cards there.
 Would you like your butt cheeks plumped?
 (laughing)
 - I don't know, plumping butt cheeks
 is actually a service offered by most cool girls.
 Could be wrong.
 There's this amazing website called thatchinginfo.com,
 which I don't know how this man who is a thatcher
 has also had time to put together this vast resource,
 but it's everything you ever needed to know about thatching.
 And he, one of the things he reports on
 is the difference in thatches around the country.
 So the UK is split into five thatching regions
 and they more broadly fall into two categories.
 So you've got the rounded, soft,
 kind of squishy looking thatch,
 which I would say is your classic thatch.
 And then you've got your much more angular thatch
 and you know which thatch you're gonna see
 because it exactly depends on
 if you're North or South of the A5.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, wow.
 - It's so weird and so cool.
 And this is something that he discovered photographing them.
 And that's 'cause the A5 goes along the old road
 that was called Wattling Street.
 And that was a really ancient road.
 It's been around since ancient Rome.
 And that was where Wattling Street was used
 as the dividing line between Dane Law.
 So when the Danes came over and took over
 sort of the North of England.
 And the dividing line between Dane Law
 and then the Anglo-Saxons on the South.
 So the thatch to the North of the A6
 all looks a bit like Danish or German style thatch,
 angular, and the South all looks like Anglo-Saxon thatch.
 Isn't that cool?
 - That is amazing.
 But what everyone wants to know
 is what kind of thatch is shittaton.
 (laughing)
 - Right, where's shittaton again?
 - That'll be around it, it's in Dorset.
 - Yeah.
 - I read that on thatchinginfo.com,
 which I have to say is, I agree with Anna,
 is an amazing website.
 They said that the thatcher was like one
 of the most important people in the village
 and he was full of infinite gossip.
 Because obviously he's kind of in the eaves
 of the buildings, literally eaves dropping
 'cause that's where he's hiding
 and he could hear everything that was happening.
 They have lots of examples of the people
 who were doing the work
 and a lot of them were women as well.
 They have an example from Ripon from 1399
 of some female helpers who were,
 they weren't doing like the main work
 but they would tend to do like the collecting
 of the straw and stuff like that.
 For instance, Tess, from Tess of the Durba Bills,
 she was in that novel.
 She kind of works alongside the threshing machine,
 which is getting the cereal off the stalk
 so that you can wrap them together
 and turn them into thatch, so yeah.
 - Right.
 - Cool.
 - I thought you were about to ruin the ending
 of Tess of the Dourba Bills as well.
 - I haven't read it, so I can't, I would.
 - Right, she leans too far over into the thatching machine
 and her head comes right off.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that dinosaurs migrated.
 That's it.
 - We left a pause for where the rest
 of the sentence should be, but it's such brevity,
 we couldn't fill it.
 - It is merely a two-word fact, which I didn't know.
 - How?
 - So where are they going from and to?
 What are they looking for, Sonia Climes?
 - I think more food, definitely,
 which obviously Sonia Climes can often give you that.
 And this was in North America specifically
 and it was a new study by a guy called Josh Malone
 who was at the Jackson School of Geosciences
 at the University of Texas in Austin.
 And it's really cool, what happened was
 he was visiting his dad and he was in one part of America
 and he said, "One of these weird stones on the floor."
 And his dad said, "Oh, they're gastroliths."
 And gastrolith is something that if you're a bird,
 you will swallow bits of stone
 and it helps you to digest things
 'cause it crushes up the food.
 And dinosaurs had these as well.
 And so he went back to school and started studying
 and then decided to do a paper on these stones.
 And what he found is that the stones that they found
 in Wisconsin actually originated in Wyoming.
 And he looked for all the different ways
 that they could have gotten from Wyoming to Wisconsin
 and he couldn't find a single other way.
 There were no rivers that went there.
 There was no other way they could have gone.
 So they've worked out that they must have come
 in the stomachs of dinosaurs.
 And this is the best evidence that we have so far.
 There's quite a bit of other evidence,
 but this is the best evidence that we have
 that dinosaurs moved from one place to another
 on regular occurrences to get more food.
 - And what's one of the things he considered
 the possibility of extremely explosive diarrhea?
 (laughing)
 I mean, how far is it from Wyoming to Wisconsin?
 If you're really propelling it.
 - It's about 600 miles.
 - Okay.
 - It's bad.
 - You know, it's possible.
 I'm just saying.
 A T-Rex looks like it could fire it that far.
 - The earth was closer back then, wasn't it?
 'Cause of Gondwana land.
 So maybe it was six meters and it's just expanded.
 - Yeah, the theory's falling apart, James.
 I'm so sorry.
 - But these were the really big dinosaurs.
 The big long-necked sauropods that you'll know
 from your models as a child.
 And we know that they had to eat all the time.
 And we know that if they'd have stayed where they were,
 they wouldn't be enough food.
 So they would have to move.
 But this is just the first evidence of it.
 - That's interesting.
 Sauropods are also responsible for what we know
 is the longest obvious journey
 that one single sauropod has made.
 There's a trackway, which is in France,
 which has been found,
 which covers 150 meters of one sauropod walking.
 - Oh, wow.
 - There's 500 feet worth of foot impressions
 from this dinosaur.
 And it's the longest one singular walk
 that's been sort of held in the ground that we have.
 And that's just, there's little two records there
 for migration and for longest obvious walk.
 - Well, we can definitely take from that that they did walk,
 which is more evidence that they migrated.
 - I'm just trying to help you out
 because I know we ruined your theory earlier.
 And I just wanna help build it back up.
 - Just on dinosaurs.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - I really liked the fact that there were dinosaurs
 living at the poles,
 which I had never considered before studying
 for research this fact.
 Yeah, the poles were much friendlier places
 during the time of the dinosaurs.
 They were still cold.
 They had snow and ice in the winter months,
 but it looks like there were dinosaurs.
 And again, this is a recent discovery,
 living there all year round.
 And they even, we think, slowed their growth down
 during the colder seasons
 so that they could cope with being a bit colder,
 having a bit less resources,
 which is what shrews do today.
 I think we've mentioned that before.
 So, yeah.
 - The wear of dinosaurs in what is now the UK
 or the British Isles,
 we know that there are guanodons lived here
 'cause we found their bones.
 But actually, if you think about it,
 they weren't exactly where we are today.
 They were about 50,000 light years away.
 And that is because the solar system moves around
 the center of the galaxy, right?
 And it's always moving.
 Like we move around the sun,
 the entire solar system moves around the universe.
 And so the entire solar system is 50,000 light years away
 from where it was when the dinosaurs were alive.
 So even though they lived on the same bit of land
 where we are, if you think about it,
 space-wise, they were nowhere near us.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah, I saw there's online.
 It's really worth checking out on Twitter.
 There's a video by Dr. Jesse Christensen.
 And it's an animation that shows
 exactly what you're talking about, James.
 And during, yeah, the guanodon and the gigantosaurus era,
 they're literally on the other side of the galaxy
 to where we are in space-time.
 And if you picture our position right now,
 if it was, say, a compass,
 we're sort of southwest on the compass,
 just close, very close to the south, but southwest.
 And as you go up, sort of on the west angle of the compass
 is when stegosaurus comes in,
 in terms of the spacing of our entire galaxy.
 Then you get to the top.
 And that's when you suddenly get the guanodon
 and the gigantosaurus.
 And then if you were east on the compass,
 that's when things like the T-Rex
 and the Velociraptor are coming in.
 Then finally, in space-time,
 you have the big moment where the extinction moment happened.
 And that is roughly southeast,
 sort of in-between east and south on the compass.
 But the dinosaur period did start
 in the period of the galaxy that we are now in.
 That was the initial bit.
 - Oh, so we've gone round once?
 - Yeah.
 - Oh, I see.
 So we've done one circumnavigation of the clock face already.
 - Exactly, yeah.
 And the spot we're in is basically in a similar area
 to where dinosaurs became in existence.
 - One galactic year ago,
 there were dinosaurs on Earth, is kind of what I was saying.
 - Exactly.
 - So we might, once we get all the way round,
 we might bump into them again.
 It's possible one of them may have got left behind,
 still hanging there in space.
 A brontosaurus.
 - The aliens we met on our way around the last time
 have been busy sewing us cool new costumes,
 but they think we're still dinosaurs.
 - That's why dinosaur onesies became so popular
 a few years ago.
 - Hang on, you think if we meet aliens,
 they're going to deliver us gifts of outfits
 they think we might like?
 - Yeah, because we already know that the dinosaurs lived
 in the North Pole and the South Pole.
 They must be cold.
 They needed something knitting for them.
 It's like when you get people knitting little jumpers
 for penguins.
 - Got it.
 This is a very benevolent alien theory.
 - Like a charity case, basically.
 In the course of this,
 I was reading a bit about the asteroid
 which killed the dinosaurs.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - And you know, exactly what it was like physically.
 And there was so much that I hadn't really considered it.
 Firstly, it was about 15 kilometers across, right?
 And I hadn't really considered it
 'cause you think of it just being a crater now,
 but basically when it hit, just before it vaporized,
 it would have been twice the height of Mount Everest.
 As in if it had just bumped into the earth slightly,
 it would now be two times as high as Mount Everest.
 - Oh, as in if it had just very softly landed on the earth.
 (laughing)
 - Still hasn't that.
 - I see.
 - Exactly.
 Isn't that incredible?
 Twice the height of Mount Everest.
 - Have you seen that simulation that the BBC put on their site
 about how basically when it hit,
 it effectively, the heat was so great
 that it kind of liquefied the rock
 that it rammed into.
 So it kind of created a wave
 and the highest point went as high,
 if not higher than Mount Everest.
 So in the 10 minutes after we were hit,
 we had a mountain on this planet
 that was taller than Mount Everest
 and it collapsed on itself
 into lots of different less high mountains
 and then eventually became part of the landscape.
 But just in that moment, yeah,
 we had a mountain taller than Mount Everest.
 - Was it like a liquid rock mountain though?
 You won't be able to climb it.
 You might be able to surf that, I suppose.
 - Yeah, and you only had,
 you'd have to be really prepared
 with your crampods and so on.
 (laughing)
 You'd have to have inside knowledge that was coming.
 - Yeah.
 - Do you know that dinosaurs to impress each other
 had whole digging competitions?
 - Wow. - We think.
 - They must have been so impressed
 when that meteorite came down.
 (laughing)
 - The sexiest dinosaur ever.
 - You can imagine a particularly good
 whole digging dinosaur coming back up
 and having missed the whole event.
 Where is everyone?
 - All for nothing.
 - Anna, what do you mean?
 - We think they did this.
 So this is a recent discovery.
 Researchers in Colorado have found these kind of borrows,
 these long trenches, ancient trenches
 from the Cretaceous period.
 And they have a few footprints inside them
 that match at theropods,
 which are things like velociraptors.
 And so these big trenches,
 and there aren't any fossils inside them
 that would imply they use them for things like storage
 or they lived in them
 or they were for protection or anything.
 And they deduce basically that it must have been showing up
 'cause basically dinosaurs are digging these big trenches
 for absolutely no reason whatsoever.
 So they believe now it's a way to attract a mate.
 Let's dig a big hole and still works.
 (laughing)
 - You see that on the phone booth cards, don't you?
 - But phone me for a big hole.
 That's not even trying on the euphemism stakes.
 (laughing)
 Do you know that there were no medium sized dinosaurs?
 I find this amazing.
 - Goldilocks would have had a terrible time, wouldn't you?
 Dinosaur era.
 - Goldilocks and the three dinosaurs.
 (laughing)
 - No, the two dinosaurs
 'cause there was no medium sized ones.
 And this was a study by Catlin Schroeder
 at the University of New Mexico.
 And they've looked at all the different dinosaur species
 looking at different communities.
 And they found that generally speaking,
 they all had a weight of under 100 kilograms
 or over 1,000 kilograms,
 but there was nothing in between.
 I just find that absolutely amazing.
 And the reason, what they think is that the big dinosaurs,
 their children or teenage children
 would have been eating all of the food
 that would have been normally eaten
 by carnivores of that size.
 And so basically their children filled in
 the niche in the ecosystem
 that normally a medium sized animal would take.
 - Oh, really?
 - Isn't that cool?
 - Such a good theory, I really like that, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - And there was the other thing recently,
 which I also can't believe that,
 you know, the maximum T-Rex population,
 I'm sure you guys all saw that.
 - No.
 - The study that found that the total T-Rex population
 over the years was something like 2.5 billion,
 meaning that if they all came back,
 every three people on earth would be able to share one T-Rex.
 (laughing)
 - Wow.
 - Well, hey, speaking of living with dinosaurs,
 I have a survey question for you guys.
 If Jurassic Park happened,
 as in if we managed to clone dinosaurs
 and create a big park where they hung out,
 would you visit?
 - Yes.
 - Yeah, of course.
 - Well, I've got a thatched wall to see it shitted,
 but after I've been through that, yes.
 - I'm trying to close a deal on a chest,
 but when I've got that sorted.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, I get it, you've all got lives to lead.
 You're all a yes.
 Right, there was this poll that was done,
 and it was in the headlines,
 'cause it was YouGov Research in 2015,
 and the headline was that 25% of Americans
 think that dinosaurs and humans definitely didn't coexist.
 So only a quarter of Americans think
 that they definitely didn't coexist,
 which obviously they didn't, dinosaurs and humans,
 by the way.
 And overall, 14%--
 - Oh, well, we know what side you fall on there.
 (laughing)
 Showing your cards.
 - It's not my opinion.
 So, 14% thought they definitely did coexist,
 27% thought they probably did coexist.
 So like 41% of Americans think
 that probably humans and dinosaurs existed at the same time.
 Very surprising.
 In the same poll though, downloaded this poll,
 and the next question after that was,
 if Jurassic Park existed, would you go?
 Only 40% of people said yes.
 Half of people said absolutely not.
 - Well, if your species has already coexisted
 with the Boston Point, you know?
 (laughing)
 - So you know this poll, Anna?
 Does it distinguish between the people
 who actually think that cavemen were living with dinosaurs
 and people who go, "Well, actually,
 "I think you'll find that birds are really modern dinosaurs?"
 (laughing)
 - That's a good point.
 It doesn't ask, and maybe all of that 41%
 were terrible pedants like that,
 which might be just worse than people
 who genuinely think we live with dinosaurs.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in the first half
 of the 20th century, thousands of premature babies
 were treated in amusement parks and fairgrounds
 in Europe and the United States.
 - How were they treated?
 Like in the teacups or in the loop-a-loop or what?
 - By clowns.
 - Yeah, this is an extraordinary story.
 This is the story of a man called Dr. Martin Cooney,
 who was known as the incubator doctor.
 And basically, within the amusement parks,
 he set up what you would now see in hospitals
 as where premature babies would be resting.
 That started not in hospitals,
 but at the fairgrounds of the world
 because doctors didn't believe that incubators could work.
 They didn't think there was a purpose to them really
 at the time, premature babies were seen as weaklings.
 And this was one guy who very weirdly
 was a sort of Petey Barnum-esque kind of character.
 He was a real showman who decided
 he wanted to try and save children's lives.
 And he created what were known as the infantoriums,
 where you would pay 25 cents to walk into a building
 and basically look at children
 that were sitting in incubators and watch them growing.
 The nurses used to dress the babies in overgrown clothes,
 really to sort of show how tiny these little babies were.
 - Oh, wow.
 Yeah, you could watch the children being fed milk
 in various different ways.
 Either they were fed it via bottle
 or they were fed it by the breast
 or they were fed it through the nose.
 - The feeding through the nose thing is weird
 because obviously doesn't work unless you actually
 put a feeding tube through someone's nose
 and into someone's, you know, esophagus,
 then you're just inhaling stuff.
 But yeah, they had a special nose feeding spoon.
 I think I saw this in another earlier one even.
 This was something called the lion incubator
 'cause he didn't actually invent the incubator,
 we should say that came actually a while before him.
 But the lion incubator came
 and displays were put on of the lion incubator
 and there was a nose feeding spoon
 and it's basically like a teaspoon.
 And then at the very end, it had a little pointy fold
 and apparently you put milk in it
 and you held it about in the baby's nose,
 kind of shoving the little pointy fold up the baby's nose
 and the baby would breathe the milk in drop by drop,
 like inhaling the fumes.
 Now, I don't believe that that would work.
 So I'm surprised that these babies made it.
 - Yeah, so lion, these were the original ones
 and it's not only that Cooney didn't invent the incubators,
 he didn't invent the idea of showing them off
 because lion did that as well.
 And he would rent out shop fronts,
 wouldn't he, where you could walk down boulevards
 and you could see these babies in the shop fronts.
 And the reason was that his incubators were so expensive,
 the only way they could get the money for them
 was to charge people a couple of son teams here
 and there to see the babies.
 - Yeah, but what's extraordinary about it?
 I mean, there's a lot to unpack in the story
 about this guy, Cooney, because in theory,
 a lot of ethical practices were breached
 by a guy who wasn't actually a doctor
 as far as we can tell.
 But in his time, he's said to have saved
 over 6,500 babies, he had a success rate of 85%.
 And not only that, it was basically a version of healthcare
 because the parents didn't have to pay
 for the babies to be looked after.
 That was the whole point of him going to fairgrounds.
 And certain babies would be a bit famous.
 They would come and root for a baby
 that was growing particularly well.
 It became the place where parents were able to go,
 I have no other option because hospitals don't do this.
 I can take it to Dr. Cooney and he can save my child.
 And he did.
 - I think we're okay with him faking the doctor thing.
 We rarely are, usually we don't like that.
 He was a quack who happened upon a cure
 that actually worked.
 Premature babies survival rates were 15%
 before the incubator was invented and marketed.
 And they went up to 75% in his time.
 - It's really amazing.
 But the really nice thing is that some of these babies
 will still be alive today.
 We're talking about this as though it's a historical thing.
 But in 2015, NPR in the USA,
 they interviewed a lady who was about 94 years old
 at the time called Lucille Horn.
 And she had been one of the Coney Island babies born in 1920.
 Like you say, Dan, her father had had no other option.
 Hospital wasn't providing the right care.
 So he wrapped her in a towel, took her to Martin Cooney,
 who put her in one of the incubators
 and she was being interviewed age 94 after that.
 She went back later in life and introduced herself to him,
 said, "I used to be one of your babies."
 Which I think is so nice.
 - The most wonderful thing for me about this story,
 particularly is that Lucille Conan Horn,
 she was a twin and her twin died
 and she was prematurely born.
 And they were told this is not gonna happen.
 So he rushed the child to Dr. Cooney
 and had them put him in the incubator.
 And as you say, she died 96 years old.
 And when she died, she was buried
 at the Evergreen Cemetery in Brooklyn
 next to her twin sister who she was told she was gonna be,
 the parents were told she was gonna be buried next to
 immediately after.
 They in fact told the parents to hold off on the funeral
 because they would be bearing two children.
 - Wow.
 - Another thing about the kids who were in these incubators
 is that they were extremely high achieving
 'cause they all graduated incredibly early.
 Because they graduated from the incubators.
 They had a proper graduation ceremony.
 So this was part of the showmanship.
 - Proper, when you say proper, how proper we talking?
 - This was an aunt's class reading
 from the St. Louis World Fair in,
 I think that was 1904, wasn't it?
 And it was talking about these twins, Jack and Catherine,
 who had been in the incubators, their lives had been saved.
 And they all get dressed up in special,
 specially bought new gowns, slash clothes and dresses.
 The cradles are decorated in flags
 and bunting and everything and big crowds are invited.
 And then they are given little paper diplomas.
 - Okay, all right, that passes my benchmark.
 - That's probably, I mean, to be honest,
 that's probably how Dr. Cody got his degree.
 But the, like I say, the original of all this stuff
 was in Europe, wasn't it?
 And it was this guy, Alexander Leon or Lyon.
 And then it was Cooney who kind of took it on
 and then took it to the States.
 But he was so popular with his things
 that he called child hatcheries
 and that they wrote drinking songs about him,
 about how he was saving our children.
 Yeah, and the reason his incubator was so much better
 than any of the other ones that he had
 is 'cause you didn't really need to give it any attention
 at all, you could put the baby in there
 and it would be fine because all you would have to do
 is feed it and wash it.
 There was like water pipes that went underneath it
 that would keep it warm.
 And then there was like air pipes
 that would pump the air through there
 to keep them kind of plenty of air there as well.
 Yeah, 'cause maybe we should say why it is
 that premature babies need to be incubated anyway.
 And it's just that they've left the womb earlier than planned.
 And so you're trying to simulate the womb,
 essentially, aren't you?
 And it is that very stable environment around you,
 a huge amount of warmth which you wouldn't normally get.
 That's why I think sometimes when you have to improvise
 an incubator, if you can't get to the hospital on time
 or, so I think there was a story of a nurse
 who had to transport premature baby to hospital
 and she improvised an incubator by fitting one box
 inside of another and then filling the gap with hot water.
 And so you just got to warm them up
 and keep the environment stable.
 - Was that recently, Anna?
 - Yeah, quite recently, yeah.
 - That's amazing 'cause that's how a lot
 of the early ones operated in essence.
 When was this Leon guy?
 - He was 1889. - 1889.
 He got his first patent.
 - So there was a guy, there were a few before even these.
 So there were some from the 1830s onwards
 and then one of the really successful ones
 was a French obstetrician called Stéphane Tarnier
 and his inspiration was going to the zoo
 because incubators were used for eggs
 and he then worked with the zoo's instrument maker
 who was a guy called Odile Martin.
 That was based on hot water as well
 and you know, double walls filled with sawdust
 to provide the temperature and the stability.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - But yeah, nothing like as effective, was it really?
 Negligible impact compared to when you have
 a natural incubator. - Yes.
 - It was a Leon and they did weird stuff though.
 When so in the Alexandra Lyon incubator,
 which as you say, about 50,000 people came
 and looked and paid their duty to look at these babies
 in its first year.
 When people came and looked,
 there was a reporter journalist wrote about it.
 First of all, it's so funny how journalists write
 in a different way a hundred years ago.
 So this was 1896 and he said, it was very annoying
 because Lyons explaining the science of his incubator
 and suddenly were interrupted by this wailing child
 and it was described as an insignificant lump
 that was disturbing the neighborhood.
 And he said it was, it was hustled into a glass window
 department called a baby's dining room
 by one of the nurses.
 And then a nurse put powder on its face
 with a powder puff, which I found so confusing.
 And he said, she put powder on his face
 to bring him to a state of immaculate perfection
 even though the baby was screaming and crying
 and then gave it some milk.
 And I think this was just once a day, they made them up.
 - Just to stop being so read from all the screaming
 and stuff, it's just-
 - Yeah, 'cause especially premature babies,
 they're very red-faced aren't they?
 - Yeah, cosmetically.
 Well, you wanna see that they're looking
 like they're having a good time
 even though they're premature, right?
 If it turned into a horror show, you would have it shut down.
 Like what's going on with these babies?
 Yeah, you just wanna make sure they're fine.
 Do you know what?
 Cooney, when he accepted children,
 and again, this is a guy who,
 as far as we know, was not an actual doctor,
 he would bathe them in lukewarm water.
 And then if they were capable, the article I read said,
 they were given a small dose of brandy
 and then they went in.
 But that's, I mean, for a premature baby, I don't know,
 like maybe when they're teething-
 - If you haven't even supposed to be born yet,
 that is early to be starting on the album.
 - I normally don't have anything before six p.m.
 But I think not having anything before you're born
 is quite a good rule, isn't it?
 - You've got a bill of intolerance.
 - Yeah, I mean, that is just the absolute definition
 of it was a different time
 and that babies just were given alcohol.
 That was just the way it was.
 - In terms of what we're saying about it
 being a different time, la-la-la, which it definitely was.
 This is, I'm gonna quote directly from the Atlantic Magazine
 now who wrote a brilliant article
 about the Cooney Island babies.
 Here we go, I'm just quoting now.
 The visitors at Cooney Island approached Cooney's incubators
 with a combination of excitement and confusion.
 The doctor was frequently asked where he obtained the eggs
 gestated in the incubators
 and he got the occasional request
 to have sexual intercourse with the incubator device
 in an attempt to conceive.
 Close one.
 (laughing)
 - What?
 So people thought that like a chicken incubator,
 you put an egg in there and it would turn into a child.
 But they also knew that children came from sperm and eggs.
 And so they decided to say,
 "Well, you can have some of my sperm if you need it."
 Is that what we're saying?
 (laughing)
 - I'm just quoting.
 I'm not getting into it beyond that.
 People apparently sometimes wanted to have sex
 with the incubators.
 I don't know if they were good looking incubators.
 - Well, it's just an act of generosity, isn't it?
 They think they're doing him a favor.
 That I will inseminate this incubator for you.
 - People, men.
 We're talking about men, we're talking about gross men.
 - Well, obviously it's not gonna work if women do it.
 - That is where the word incubator comes from.
 It's the beta comes from masturbator, doesn't it?
 Because that's...
 (laughing)
 - Same route.
 - Same route.
 - So Coney Island, which is where obviously this,
 you know, one of these big exhibitions was,
 I just was looking up a few other things
 that they had at Coney Island.
 One of the things they had there was a recreation
 of the Boer War by a thousand soldiers,
 including veterans from both sides.
 And it happened two or three years after
 the actual pivotal battle of the Boer War had happened.
 They were doing recreations.
 And the soldiers loved it because they were being paid,
 but they weren't being shot at.
 There was zero risk of them dying.
 And they just were doing a show now.
 And they had to pause it once a day
 because there was a horse race happening nearby
 and the horse race got freaked out by the gunfire.
 So they had to just temporarily pause the Boer War
 recreation.
 - Did the Premon Shaw babies next door
 not get freaked out by the gunfire?
 (laughing)
 - I'm sure they did, yeah.
 Just sounds crazy.
 - Sigmund Freud, big fan of Coney Island.
 The only thing about America that interests me
 is Coney Island is a quote from Sigmund Freud.
 He was obsessed by the idea of the debauchery
 that was going on behind the scenes there.
 He said it was almost like an epicenter
 of hedonism and sexuality.
 He thought gamble--
 - I mean, there were people trying to have sex
 with incubators, so he was a bar off.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, he was bang on, yeah.
 - That incubator remind you of your father.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show
 and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that giving someone the finger
 has been an insult for 2,300 years.
 (laughing)
 - So old.
 - And I just love that.
 I love that you go back 2,300 years to Athens
 and stick your middle finger up
 and someone will be offended.
 - It's a good tip, isn't it,
 if you're ever going back in time?
 - It really is, yeah.
 I think the first reference we have to it
 is from 4th century BC in Athens
 and it's from Diogenes, who we've mentioned before,
 who was big old character and philosopher.
 And it was recorded that someone said to him,
 someone in the crowd said to him,
 "Hey, where's Demosthenes?"
 I love Demosthenes as in famous orator Demosthenes
 and Diogenes thought Demosthenes was shit.
 And so he said, "Oh, there goes that great demagogue,
 sarcastically, while gesturing
 with his middle finger at him."
 And it was given to understand in this report
 that was a very rude way to gesture.
 So it was sort of like a pointing thing.
 - There's another theory behind it is that he was saying,
 "Here is Demosthenes."
 And he's saying that he is my middle finger
 'cause my middle finger looks like a penis
 and Demosthenes is a big old penis.
 - Nice, nice, could have had a double meaning.
 - I think it was both.
 And it just ran from there.
 So by the time you got to ancient Rome,
 it was Digitus impudicus or Digitus impudicus,
 they probably would have said.
 And as in literally indecent or unchaste finger.
 I mean, you know, such a rude finger.
 - That's another thing you can ask for in a phone box,
 can't you?
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - I'd like an unchaste finger.
 (laughing)
 - I just love the time travel element
 that it's sort of like, I'm so pissed off in the year 2021
 about this play.
 I'm just gonna go back and just give them the finger
 just to say, "Fuck you and your play, this is bullshit."
 And they'll get it.
 There's no translation issues.
 - Yeah, it's perfect.
 - It was mentioned in some plays in Aristophanes.
 He wrote in his play, "Peace."
 He wrote about giving someone the finger.
 But he used the word eschimalesan
 to mean sticking a finger up.
 That comes from a word,
 which means to shove a finger into a bird's anus.
 And that was the word that he used to mean
 to show the finger to give the finger.
 - Wouldn't have thought you needed
 to have a specific word for that.
 - Why've you got a word?
 - Yeah.
 - Well, why would you think, for instance,
 you might need to put your finger up a bird's anus?
 - Cavity search.
 - Nice, bug smugglers.
 - Oh, no, not that, no, not that.
 - Customs.
 - No.
 - Anything to declare, Mr. Pigeon.
 - You're getting, you wanted a boiled egg for breakfast
 and you're getting really impatient
 and it hasn't laid yet.
 So you just go in there yourself.
 - That's pretty much it, Anna.
 It is it.
 Apparently this was a thing that people would do to check
 if a chicken was about to lay an egg,
 you would stick your finger into its cloaca
 to see if it was ready.
 And there was a word for it in Greek.
 And then that word became a word for an insult
 of giving someone the finger.
 - So you know how we were saying that it's a penis gesture
 that when Diogenes was using the gesture,
 he was saying this is a penis.
 There is a theory, I'm not sure how firm it is
 that just as we use our fingers to represent a penis,
 squirrel monkeys in South America
 use their penises as a finger.
 So they have these gestures with their erect penises
 to show dominance.
 - This is Desmond Morris's theory, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - He's done a lot of work on this
 who claimed the comparison.
 But it makes kind of sense.
 They do it as sort of go away to rivals, I think.
 - So they don't point directions with their penises
 or if they're playing cricket,
 they don't say someone's out
 by sticking their penis in the air.
 - Yeah.
 - I don't even think they can play cricket.
 This is a sad truth.
 - It's weird, isn't it?
 Did you guys read this?
 And I don't know if I've been had,
 but the idea of a thumbs up in Afghanistan
 is virtually the middle finger
 that we would present to each other.
 And I'd never heard that before.
 And I know different countries have their variations,
 but I don't have to.
 - No, it's in lots of places.
 'Cause it's like a thumb up the bum, basically, isn't it?
 - But it's genuinely offensive.
 It's caused controversy in the past.
 I think in the '90s, there was a minister in Bangladesh
 where it's also very offensive.
 So it's quite a lot of Middle Eastern countries
 and in West Africa.
 But in Bangladesh as well,
 a minister gave a thumbs up
 at the end of a parliamentary session.
 And I couldn't work out if it was quite a Westernized minister
 who'd picked up the thumbs up in a friendly way.
 It seemed like it was.
 And he was like, "Hey, good job guys, well done."
 And there was this huge scandal afterwards
 where I think the prime minister was like,
 "This guy's gotta apologize.
 That is outrageous, he's done that."
 So yeah.
 - It is interesting when you consider that the top sort of,
 let's say the president of the United States,
 prime minister of UK,
 that is the preferred hand signal in a photo.
 But they know that that is like effectively sending a message
 to countries we're in trouble with, let's say.
 - There's a thing that's always mentioned,
 which is the Richard Nixon once made a similar mistake
 when he stepped off a plane in South America.
 This is when he was vice president in the '50s
 and he did the sign for like A-O-K
 where you put your thumb and your forefinger together
 in a circle.
 It's like A-O-K, that's okay.
 So he stepped off a plane and he did that.
 And in South America, that is very bad.
 It's got scatological implications and is insulting.
 And so the story goes, he was very badly booed
 and it started the tour of very badly.
 A, I can't find any instance.
 I mean, literally every book, every article,
 every history says that, I can't find a photo.
 And B, this was when America was doing
 some seriously dodgy stuff in South America
 and they weren't super popular anyway.
 It was famous this tour for him being sort of spat out
 and sworn out and having stuff thrown at him.
 So I think the implication that, oh, they were just upset
 'cause he did that circle with the fingers gesture.
 It's probably concealing a lot of other stuff
 they were upset about as well.
 But yeah, if anyone's got a photo, I'd love to see it
 'cause it's repeated all the time.
 - There was a study done in 2019 about middle fingers
 which I really like and it was trying to work out
 whether the penis connection of diogenes
 actually holds water and it was an experiment
 testing whether the middle finger primes people
 think about either penises or the word penis, okay?
 And it was basically, they showed people, participants
 either an A-O-K sign or a middle finger
 and then they showed them a word
 with a couple of letters missing.
 I showed them P-E-N and then dot, dot.
 So the idea is that if they had seen the middle finger
 and then when they were shown P-E-N,
 they completed it more often with penis
 instead of, you know, penny or penne
 or other words that began P-E-N,
 then that was an example of priming, okay?
 And the study showed that people did not, as a result,
 think more about the word penis.
 They didn't automatically leap to it
 even after seeing a middle finger.
 They did if they had been shown the finger bang gesture
 which is where you put one finger into a hole
 you've made with your other hand.
 That did prime people to complete with the word penis.
 So that makes people think of penis,
 the other thing does not.
 - That's really interesting.
 - Because I would have thought that if you give people
 the letters P-E-N blank blank,
 100% of people would just write penis every single time.
 No matter what else is happening in the room.
 - Don't know what you're talking about.
 - First thing I thought was penultimate, okay?
 And then penarius.
 - These are not five letter words.
 - Oh, so there have to be five letters.
 - Yes.
 - I would say that not only would I write the word penis,
 the I would look quite a lot like a penis.
 - Yeah.
 And then how can you write the word more penis
 once you see the middle finger?
 That's the thing.
 How can you really emphasise?
 You've underlined it lots of times.
 Like I'm really thinking about this now.
 Another gesture which I hadn't heard of,
 and this is I think maybe it's Middle Eastern thing,
 is the five fathers gesture.
 I don't think we've discussed this before.
 Basically you bunch together five fingers on one hand
 and then you touch them with one finger of the other hand.
 And what the implication there, it's incredibly obscene.
 The implication there is that your mother had so many suitors
 that it's hard to know who your father is.
 That's what is happening when you do that.
 That's Middle Eastern thing.
 And that really is not one to do
 as you're getting off the plane.
 - That's very clever.
 So if you wanted to be really insulting,
 you take both your shoes off, go barefoot,
 and then get 15 digits up against one index finger.
 And then you're saying someone's mum
 has really been around the block.
 - It's like a goose's head, isn't it?
 What you were doing a little bit.
 - Oh, if you were doing shot of goose?
 - Yeah, on one of your hands.
 Yes.
 - Like a shadow.
 - Like a shadow.
 - Exactly, yeah.
 - Eating a bread stick, basically.
 - Yes.
 - Goose eating a bread stick, exactly.
 But do you know that the word goose
 means to prod someone in the bum?
 Do you know where that comes from?
 - Oh, interesting, no.
 - Well, there are two possible reasons.
 One is that the finger might look a bit like a goose's beak
 or the thumb might look a bit like a goose's beak
 that you're prodding with.
 And the other one is that you might cause
 enough nervous excitement that the person you prod
 makes a noise a bit like a goose
 that flaps around and stuff like that.
 And that's your two versions.
 - Okay, good to know.
 Pick your poison, pick your favorite.
 - Do you know the, this is not a rude gesture,
 but it's a gesture that I didn't ever think about,
 the hang loose gesture for surfing.
 So if you were about to pull this as a listener right now,
 it is keep your pinky up, keep your thumb up
 and put the other three fingers down.
 The surf's up, the kind of.
 And supposedly that is from Hawaii.
 And this is the story.
 It's from a guy called Hamana Kalali
 who was someone who lost three fingers.
 He lost those three fingers.
 And so, and he was working at a sugar mill
 and that's where he lost them.
 And so he used to do that all the time.
 That was just his natural state of holding his hand,
 but he would shake it around.
 And it was called the shaka in Hawaii.
 That's what you know it as.
 - Hell yeah.
 - Is that, is it true?
 When was he around?
 - There's a few theories about where it came from.
 He's recent.
 I don't have his dates, but he's, he's not, you know,
 ancient Rome.
 He's, he's.
 - I get it.
 Some people have more up to date facts than I do.
 - And it made me think that,
 'cause we had that fact a long time ago
 about the high five was supposedly originated
 or popularized by a man with four fingers.
 And I just like that that is by one finger and one thumb.
 - It's kind of lucky that he lost those fingers
 and not all of the fingers apart from his middle finger.
 'Cause then all the surfers would just be flipping
 everyone the bird all the time, wouldn't they?
 - Yeah, exactly.
 Speaking of flipping the bird, which is obviously,
 at least in America,
 that's the term for doing,
 giving someone the middle finger.
 I found the most epic flipping of the bird
 that could possibly ever have happened.
 And that was a bunch of twitchers
 were watching starlings flying in the sky
 and caught in this beautiful moment in a photo
 is a giant group of starlings sort of shaping
 the biggest screw you middle finger
 that has ever been caught on camera.
 - Wow, a admiration. - It is stunning.
 - Well, just looking back going,
 stop staring at us, you perverts.
 - Maybe they were giving a sign that they wanted someone
 to check if they had an egg in them.
 - But it is awesome, check it out online.
 It's a group of birds flipping the bird at humans.
 It's awesome.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter account.
 I'm on @Shrieberland, James.
 - @JamesHarken.
 - Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email podcast.qi.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing or our website.
 NoSuchThing as a fish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We also have links to any upcoming live shows
 and also a link to any YouTube stuff that we have
 where you can see what our faces actually look like.
 Okay, we will be back again next week with another episode
 and we'll see you then, guys.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
