 [horn honking]
 [speaking in foreign language]
 [horn honking]
 [horn honking in foreign language]
 [upbeat music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live from Brighton!
 [cheering]
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin,
 and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that babies who live in London are more rude than babies from the West Midlands.
 [laughing]
 So what do they, what do the London babies do?
 They come at you with a knife.
 They don't say "thank you" and they don't say "sorry".
 And this is a study by Liverpool University, which studied two and a half thousand babies.
 Sorry, it must be babies of a certain age because they don't think any like one month old babies say that's true.
 It's all about the first words that they learn and it turns out that babies in London
 and Wales weirdly are least likely to include the word "thank you" among their first words.
 And normally babies are quite polite, as in the word "sorry" crops up quite a lot.
 Well they're always fucking up, so I'm not surprised.
 If I shut myself seven times a day, I'd apologise all the time as well.
 [laughing]
 Hang on.
 They've not shat themselves.
 They haven't gone "oh god, I am so sorry".
 They've just gone to the toilet.
 That's what's showing yourself?
 No, that sounds like...
 If I went to the toilet seven times a day, I wouldn't complain.
 No, when it's in your pants, it's shitting yourself.
 My son doesn't say...
 And he's a Londoner, I guess.
 What does he say?
 He says, "No, like a lot".
 Wow.
 Yeah, you'll be like, "Can I have a hug?" No.
 It's really cut me.
 Actually, "No" is one of the more common first words of babies.
 And there are quite a few babies, a high percentage who have no as the first word,
 say nothing else for the first three months.
 Pretty much they just say, "No, no, no, no, no.
 Like Bohemian rap street."
 Or to a limited.
 They're just like, "No, no, no."
 Wow.
 He just says, "No."
 He says, "Mummy, daddy, and guys have shat myself, sorry."
 Do we know why this is the case?
 Is there any...
 And they're not we're doing other ways.
 They just don't like to say, "Please, and thank you."
 Yeah, they're not...
 I don't think that notice will be impolite in other ways.
 It's just, yeah, I don't know what the reason behind it is, actually.
 Presumably, their parents aren't teaching it to.
 The more is it quite random what baby knows?
 I don't know if you're going to say...
 The first word is just a random word.
 It's got to be a word you've heard before.
 I mean, they...
 So I would have assumed the baby's first word
 or something the parents are attempting to teach them.
 Exactly.
 Or is it just something that the baby picks up?
 It's from what they hear around them.
 So it means that babies in London are not hearing those words as regularly.
 I think that was a suggestion anyway.
 Other common first words, or early words at least,
 include carrot, cake, doggie, quack, banana, and bird poo.
 Oh.
 Really?
 Who's saying that a lot to their children?
 Is that London-specific?
 I know that was in this study, it was all regular things.
 And another thing is that this is in all regions, actually.
 One of the names that children are most likely to learn
 after Mummy and Daddy is Pepper.
 That's my son learnt that before he said Mummy and Daddy.
 I'm not lying, Pepper is...
 He loves Pepper.
 He loves Pepper a lot.
 Yeah, Pepper is his hero.
 Turneric is the other one.
 He says a lot, isn't it?
 That's a London baby all right.
 There's surprisingly clever babies, aren't they?
 They can count from extraordinarily young.
 So they can count at five months old to an extent,
 which I find incredible, because if you look at a five-month old,
 they can barely move their head.
 And they're tiny, but there was this study done,
 which basically showed five months old this screen on a stage,
 there's a big screen on a stage, and then they took out a Mickey Mouse doll,
 and they showed it to the kid, and then they put it behind the screen,
 and they took out a second Mickey Mouse doll,
 put that behind the screen, and then they lifted the screen up.
 And if there were two Mickey Mouse dolls there,
 the kid was fine, looked away quite quickly.
 If there were three Mickey Mouse dolls there,
 then the kid would stare at it for ages,
 which is the only way that we know if a baby is confused
 or surprised or anything, as they just stare for a long time,
 because it's so confused, because it knows it's counted to,
 and you reveal three.
 On the thing about them being surprised and looking at things,
 so this is why Peekaboo is such a great game for babies,
 and for all of us, actually.
 No, so basically they are surprised when things,
 they like sort of testing, there's a theory of object permanence,
 which is that, you know, things are still there even when you can't see them.
 So even if you're hiding, when you appear again,
 it's sort of surprise and confirmation at the same time that you're correct.
 So babies laugh more in normal Peekaboo than they do in trial versions of Peekaboo,
 where they add out hides, and then they reappear as a different person.
 That's not funny to a baby.
 They like Peekaboo because it's predictable.
 Okay, because they know that it's wrong if they're a different person.
 Exactly, so they're like sort of, yes, standard stuff.
 I also did not know that, so they'd love the big bank theory, for example,
 because it's very basic, obvious stuff.
 The TV show, all the actual theory.
 Very obvious.
 Did you know that Peekaboo is a style of boxing?
 It's a style of boxing where you put your hands in front of your face.
 Okay, and then do you whip your hands away and give the man a shot?
 No, no, you're doing it, and then you whip your hands out of the way
 and it's Mike Tyson there instead.
 It's not that you cover your eyes because obviously that's very bad boxing.
 No.
 They're quite interpunching, actually, babies, aren't they?
 Or they can get quite aggressive.
 So this was another study that was done about how our adult behaviour can impact
 very young children's behaviour.
 And they did this experiment with really young kids, with like young toddlers.
 And what they did was they had some kids watch an adult beat up a punching bag clown,
 you know, like a big toy clown.
 So I would have loved to be in the adult in this experiment.
 So the adult got to beat the crap out of this clown and then some other babies...
 You're not allowed back in McDonald's, are you?
 So there was another clown which didn't get beaten up where the adult just treated it nicely.
 And there was another control group that did nothing.
 And the kids who'd seen an adult beating up the clown, not only did they then
 when they were unleashed on the clown beat it to shreds, like really attacked it.
 But they improvised new weapons out of whatever they could see.
 To really try and make it so there was like a dark gun was left in the room
 and there's some quite dramatic footage.
 That's not improvising a weapon.
 Picking up a dark gun.
 Yeah, they didn't build the dark gun out of a mop and an orange.
 Maybe they did.
 There was a dark gun in the corner of the room.
 You can watch it on YouTube.
 There's like a two-year-old kid who goes up to the clown and holds a dark gun
 to his head and starts whispering scary stuff on his head.
 That's the most...
 And then lots of people said, "But it's okay, it's a punching bag clown, it's what they're for."
 And so they repeated the experiment, but using a real person dressed as a clown
 and they'd also beat the crap out of him.
 Really?
 Oh my god, that's amazing.
 Actually, on aggressiveness in children, I don't have kids, so I don't know if this is common.
 But I was surprised to read that they often bang their head against the bed or the crib or the wall.
 And they'll do this around six months of age.
 Quite a lot of children will just start head-banging things.
 And apparently, the reason they do it can last up to 15 minutes.
 And the reason they do it is it gives them a surge of adrenaline.
 Because if you get hurt, for instance, you get some adrenaline
 and then that helps them to sleep afterwards because they get the surge of adrenaline
 and then it gives them a kind of a downer.
 Apparently this is true.
 They're like this.
 And from the reaction, I think it's not a common thing.
 I've not seen my son do that.
 But apparently, because it is quite relatively...
 It does happen, but whenever any parent sees it, they're like, holy fuck.
 There's a thing that kids have.
 I haven't got any research on this.
 I just remember learning this at the time when I had my son.
 That kids at the beginning, they have no separation between what's...
 Their vision is quite solid, so 3D objects are not so great.
 But one of the things is perception of size is a thing that they don't fully get.
 And then they hit a certain age where suddenly they realize that they're tiny and everyone else is massive.
 And it freaks them out.
 They're suddenly surrounded by giants.
 And it's a really traumatising moment for kids.
 So you can really take advantage of that moment when you...
 Well, there is this weird thing that we think that they see everything upside down at first.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So you know this is a thing where you see things upside down because that's the way the light hits your restaurant.
 It hits it in the wrong... it hits it upside down.
 And then your brain reverses the image and you see a correct image.
 But actually, the light enters your eyes and shows you an upside down image.
 So we think that before babies work out how to flip the images because they're idiots,
 they can't see the right way up for the first week of their life.
 So everything is upside down for them.
 That's crazy.
 And also they can do mirror-rising, which I only learned this recently.
 And to any parent, I think this is quite standard.
 I learned it from a parent who was like, "Oh yeah, she's at a stage where she's doing mirror-riding."
 She was Australian.
 But to her, everything did look upside down because she was Australian.
 True.
 But yeah, a lot of kids, toddler age, the natural way they write is proper mirror-riding,
 like Leonardo da Vinci did, that we can't possibly do naturally as humans.
 And then they just grow out of doing it.
 You make kids that do this?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's incredible.
 That's crazy.
 We're going to have to move on shortly to our next fact.
 I just, one small interesting thing, just on the idea of rudeness and babies,
 in Thailand, because of superstitions, there's a common thing that's done,
 which is you never say that a newborn baby is beautiful.
 You always call it ugly.
 So for the first, it's the idea that by calling them ugly ghosts would be scared away and so on.
 And yeah, so for the first few weeks of a baby's life, they're just being called but ugly.
 In the Philippines, is that?
 No, that was in Thailand.
 Thailand.
 I don't know if it happened in Hong Kong, because I used to get called.
 Definitely happened in Bolton.
 I was a genuinely ugly baby.
 And one of my best friends, her mum, came to see me, first person to see me after I was born.
 And she tells me the story now.
 She said, I just couldn't bring myself to even find the words to say that you were in any way beautiful.
 Or you were just, you were just so ugly.
 And the first thing that was said about me was she looked me went, oh, how interesting.
 And then you worked for the company quite interesting.
 That's how it all began.
 In her face.
 Just on, another thing on rudeness and how rudeness can affect us.
 So there's lots of studies that are done that have shown that it's extremely infectious
 in a way that we can totally understand.
 Because what it does is if someone's rude to you, it takes a lot of mental energy to respond to that.
 It's quite draining, working out your impulse control and not punching them in the face.
 And then you become weaker, your impulses come weaker.
 So therefore you're then rude to the next person.
 And it's to the extent that, and it really damages our mental faculties in various other ways.
 So it also makes us stupider.
 So as soon as someone's rude to you, it makes you stupid to the extent that if you even read words
 that sound like they're rude.
 So there was a study where people were asked to read the words interrupt obnoxious and bother.
 I don't know how rude that is.
 But after that, they performed five times worse on a mental task.
 So I have fewer to read, for instance, the Daily Mail.
 Yeah.
 Or watch a Winnie the Pooh episode.
 Is that rude?
 Oh, bother.
 Okay, we need to move on to our second fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is in 17th century Japan, the super rich would protect their homes from burglars
 by installing musical floorboards.
 So like the piano and big.
 Yeah.
 No, this is not quite that.
 These were called nightingale floors.
 And the idea was that they worked out that in Japan,
 if you had a palace and you were worried about, let's say,
 you're at the head of the palace being murdered by ninjas or anyone good at creeping in,
 what you would do is you would have creaky floorboards.
 And the creaky floorboards were alert everyone to the fact that someone was there.
 Now, some people just have creaky floorboards, but these were specifically designed
 and they were very expensive to install.
 And what it was was underneath the floorboard that was a nail that went along a bracket.
 And it produced a frequency sound that sounded a lot like a nightingale singing a song.
 The bird.
 The nightingale bird.
 You can see clips on YouTube.
 I was opposed to the Victorian dance.
 [Laughter]
 Like, they were all confused.
 [Laughter]
 Some global clarified.
 Yeah, so it was really cool.
 And my favorite thing about this whole fact is obviously there are people patrolling the grounds of the palace.
 So what did they do?
 Because they need to walk over these floorboards.
 So what they ended up doing was agreeing on a system of rhythm that would effectively be playing a song as you walked.
 And if they heard the rhythm, they'd be like, oh, it's Mike, you know, as opposed to...
 Oh, wow.
 That's clever.
 They have in Japan quite exciting sort of burglar defenders even today.
 They have in shops, modern day shops in Japan often have this bright orange sphere
 that's next to the till if you're buying something.
 And what it actually is, it's a paintball.
 And they're trained as shopkeepers in Japan to throw this paintball at someone
 if they try to rob the shop.
 And the idea is that it will leave this mark on them, and then they'll be identifiable.
 So just look for the guy covered in orange paint.
 And they probably get trained in it.
 They get told to throw it actually at the person's feet, because then it will splash up onto them.
 And they're more likely to get covered in paint.
 And then if you missed the robber, then you have to run out to their getaway car
 and throw the anti-crime ball at the car instead.
 That is pretty cool.
 And the police can find it, yeah.
 I was looking at kind of weird home innovations that have been done, because this is a cool floor.
 Have you guys heard about the self-slucing house?
 The self-slucing house.
 The self-slucing house.
 Slucing. Slucing. Slucing.
 The self-slucing house would be a house that solved the crime after it had been burgled.
 It would be a Sherlock home.
 Yeah, this was no-slucing.
 I don't want my house-slucing.
 It's self-slucing.
 Are you going to explain what a slew-slucing is to that?
 Yeah, could you tell what it is?
 Slucing is itself.
 So this was okay.
 So it washes, rinses and dries itself.
 Right?
 So this was invented in 1980 by a woman from Oregon called Francis Gabe.
 And it was basically the whole house.
 It was a massive dishwasher.
 And so there was only one of these ever built amazingly.
 And she lived in it.
 It was the prototype.
 And it had a, she was a genuine inventor and a true eccentric.
 Because there was a sprinkling in every room.
 So she would go around with an umbrella.
 And she pressed a bus in each room.
 And it just soaked the whole room with sudsy water.
 And then she pressed another bus in.
 And then a second spray would blast it with warm water.
 So all the water runs off in the floor.
 You know, through drains.
 And then jets of warm water, dry the house.
 Warm air.
 Warm air.
 So what did I say?
 Warm air will dry the house.
 Warm air.
 So jets of warm air.
 Dry the house.
 But the water that runs off through the drains
 goes through the dog house and the dog gets washed too.
 No.
 And where do you put the tablet?
 But then, well, even if, like, things like electronic tablets, for instance,
 anything electronic would just get...
 That's true.
 A lot of her life was spent devoted to...
 Buying new products.
 Devoting ways to not wash the bed or the books as well.
 So she had to invent waterproof jackets for books.
 So she had to invent a waterproof cover for the bed.
 And the floor, it was more bothered than it was worth, frankly.
 But it did happen, it's real.
 That's really good.
 Did you know on floors, these to cover floors with herbs?
 This is just another thing about when you watch period dramas
 that they need to start getting right.
 The first use for mint, really, in this country in medieval times,
 was you sprinkled it on the floor,
 because this is when people would sort of stop washing a bit,
 late medieval chewed at times, and everything sank.
 And so what you had was you had lots of mint and herbs
 that you strewed over floors.
 That's really good.
 And like, shake and vac.
 Are there those crisps where you shake the soul in?
 Now, admittedly, that is not a 2019 reference.
 Is this as old as these Renaissance books?
 It was what you used to do is when you hoovered.
 This was in probably the '70s.
 So even before I was born, but you would put this weird,
 like almost like washing tablet smell stuff on your carpet,
 and then you would hoover over it, and it would make it smell like the '70s.
 Exactly, yeah.
 It's like that.
 Like the '70s.
 The royal family had a herb struer.
 It was one of the royal court.
 It was introduced by Charles II in 1660,
 and lasted for a couple of hundred years.
 One, you know, you had the groom of the stool.
 You had your laden waiting.
 You had your herbs struer.
 And they had to strew herbs all over the floor.
 All right, amazing.
 I have a thing on sort of alternative alarm systems
 to what would be seen as an average one to use.
 This is a very weird one.
 There was in Marbella, there was a lady who was in her house,
 and she got...
 Robbers came in, tied her up, and she was on the bed,
 and they were stealing all the stuff.
 And then what happened was, and this is the story that they tell,
 they suddenly started noticing that the woman on the bed
 was in a lot of family photos surrounding the bed
 and bits of the house with the actor, Dolph Lungren,
 who is in Rocky IV, he's the big Russian dude,
 quickly realizing that that was the husband of the woman
 that they had on the bed, and thought,
 "We've got to get the hell outta here right now."
 And they bolted for that reason.
 These are really good ideas, and if I live on my own,
 then I get a load of photos with me and Mike Tyson,
 and just pretend that we're a couple.
 And then could happen.
 And then when the burglars come, then they'll run away.
 But when he gets wind of that,
 I think you are in serious trouble.
 And we're going to have to move on to our next fact very shortly.
 I've got one thing about burglars,
 is that just sort of, I like stories of burglars being caught.
 So there was, in 2015, a burglar was taunting police,
 because they'd launched an appeal to try and trace him on Facebook.
 And he was so cocky that he wrote on Facebook
 in answer to the police comment, "Haha, catch me if you can.
 "You won't see me slipping."
 And then a news agency later spoke to him,
 and he said, "I've been walking around near home,
 "so they're not trying too hard."
 And he was arrested later that day.
 That's just the Facebook thing, a very similar thing.
 There was a guy who had his house burgled.
 He got back, and it was nothing he can do.
 So he went on his computer.
 And it turned out that while the burglar was there,
 he had logged into his own Facebook account.
 And failed to log back out.
 Oh, wow.
 Cool.
 Between 2013 and 2016, the police in East Kilbride,
 Devon, Warwickshire, Camden, and Bristol,
 all issued warnings about secret signs
 that burglars were using.
 And so what they would do is they would put little signs
 on the floor next to some houses,
 and they might be telling people that this has already been burgled
 or that a medium-sized dog lived here.
 Isn't married to Dolph Lindgren, boy.
 One of the men supposedly occupants are nervous and afraid.
 But then in 2016, West Mercer Police pointed out
 that all these secret signs, so-called,
 were actually made by utility companies.
 And the sign that they said meant nothing worth stealing
 actually meant new landposts to go here.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, we need to move on to fact number three.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that, according to its ingredients list,
 Peperami contains 108% pork.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But actually, his pepperami is less good at mass
 than a five-month-old child.
 How is it possible?
 I saw this in an old copy of New Scientist
 and apparently actually it is true.
 So this is more of a recipe than an ingredients list.
 And basically, if you're making salami or some kind of cured meat like that,
 then a lot of it is through desiccation is how it cures.
 So you would have a load of pork and then you would dry it out
 so it would lose a load of the water.
 So it is possible to use 108 kilograms of pork
 to make 100 kilograms of pepperami.
 So it is true.
 A sausage can lose up to 50% of its weight during the curing process.
 And pepperami are very crafty with their advertising campaigns.
 So in 2017, they launched a mass-porking campaign.
 It's weird, because to me that sounds like an enormous PR error.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was a different time, wasn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, they were trying to, supposedly,
 doing it to highlight the growing pothole problem in London.
 And they cordoned off a hundred potholes
 and filled them with pepperamis.
 Great.
 It is as tough as tarmac, isn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Weird.
 They've got strong history in advertising.
 So I hadn't realized that the pepperami man,
 like the living creature that is the pepperami guy,
 was voiced by Adrian Ebonson.
 He was this, you know, big epitome of manhood, wasn't he?
 And they've had to review him now.
 So he used to be this really masculine macho bloke.
 Oh, not the pepperami guy as well.
 I'm so sorry.
 Oh, he's not being you tree, does he?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, yes.
 No, God, I don't want to spend that room
 about the pepperami guy.
 No.
 No, it's pepperami too, actually.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 [APPLAUSE]
 He's-- he has been modernized because of us.
 What is he doing at Tuxedo?
 He's just a dedicated pork man.
 They're just making him have a less innuendo
 and macho behaviour to cater to a younger generation
 and less tolerant of 90s culture.
 I'm dried meat.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So dried meat is pretty much the old--
 one of the oldest meals we know about existing.
 So let's see the iceman, a longstanding friend of the podcast,
 and a dead mummy found in the Alps.
 One of his last meals was go to jerky.
 Hi.
 And so it's amazing how they found it out.
 So they, you know, they found him frozen up in the Alps
 very well preserved, not perfectly preserved, he's a mummy.
 But they thought well, we could find out what he was eating.
 And his stomach wasn't where it should have been.
 So his stomach was pushed way up under his ribs
 because it had moved a bit in the 5,000 years since he died.
 So they had to defrost him for a bit,
 because he's normally kept on ice to keep him that way.
 And then they had to use an endoscope
 to pull out these blobs from his stomach and intestines.
 And they had to analyse that and found out
 that it was dried strips of goat meat.
 And that was one of his last meals.
 Wow.
 Amazing.
 And it's so well preserved, you could probably re-eat that, couldn't you?
 It's jerky.
 It's jerky, jerky last forever.
 Yeah.
 It's amazing.
 On a low case, just me.
 It's amazing your funding biz keeping turned down, isn't it Anna?
 Are you still wanting to study iceman?
 Jerky sounds nice.
 Just on, this is kind of a salami.
 Do you know that salami brought down the people responsible
 for the biggest diamondized of all time?
 They were foiled by a piece of salami.
 This is in 2003.
 And basically it was this group of robbers who broke into the vaults,
 two floors beneath the Antwerp Diamond Centre.
 And they stole $100 million worth of like diamonds and jewelry
 and all of that.
 It's the biggest ice ever.
 And they didn't know how to get them, whatever.
 But in the area, there happened to be a guy living there
 who always had people dumping rubbish on his land
 and used to get really angry about it and constantly calling the police
 and winging about it.
 So he called the police the next day after this big diamond ice
 and said, oh, I'm really annoyed.
 I've got rubbish on my land again.
 There's all this, well, there's some salami for a start.
 Someone's truck salami on my land.
 And there's also some diamond centre envelope,
 which could someone take away.
 And the police went, somewhat.
 Okay.
 And it turned out the high skies had gone, they'd robbed all this stuff.
 And then they'd eaten some salami sandwiches earlier
 that they hadn't finished.
 And then they just tossed them in the ground.
 And they found these salamiers and they did the DNA tests.
 And they traced it back to the guy who'd eaten them.
 Wow.
 And then they said they found the guy who'd eaten salami.
 The rest of the pig.
 It's so unfair.
 They've been missing from his side.
 Not only that, they found the main guy who'd done it
 who was this guy called Nuta Bartolo.
 But then they went to his house and they found the salami receipt
 from the butcher's way he'd got it.
 So then they went to the butcher's and they could tell
 where the receipt, what time it had been bought.
 They checked the CCTV and they also then found the guy who'd bought it.
 So there you go.
 Two birds, one salami.
 That's so cool.
 Amazing.
 Just on pigs, you know that some people have the ability
 to, if you give them a plate of pork and they start eating it,
 tell you the gender of the animal.
 Oh, come on.
 Yeah.
 It's a genuine thing.
 It's all to do with a receptor, which is called Andrewsterstone.
 And that's not how you say it.
 So now that we've got that out of the way, let's do the right version.
 Andrewster known.
 It's a steroid similar to testosterone.
 And it's found in male pigs.
 And there are certain people who are able to detect that way more than other people.
 Now most meats, weirdly, if a pig is castrated, then that thing,
 that angestra trombodon gets knocked down, and so you can't usually tell.
 However, the European Union is going to say that castration is inhumane.
 So a lot more people who have this will be able, as they eat to go, I'm eating a man.
 So is it a nice taste?
 No, it's a horrible taste.
 So these people are just not going to be able to eat meat anymore?
 Exactly, they're tasting.
 Well, no, they'll have to ask for specifically female pigs to eat.
 You can't do that in a restaurant.
 Yeah.
 You can't let say, take these sausages back and bring me a male one.
 No, but it's true.
 It's a genuine thing.
 That's amazing.
 And it tastes horrible.
 So that's why they do get rid of it as well.
 That's amazing.
 Do you know what the longest salami ever was?
 Well, it was a salami, but do you know how long it was?
 Have a bash.
 5,000 metres.
 5,000 metres.
 5,000 metres.
 5,000 metres.
 There isn't room for that.
 Anywhere, no one's got 5 kilometres of space to put a salami in.
 Yeah, but for a picnic, you could have it for a picnic, can you?
 Well, if you wind it round.
 Well, if you had a very, very long picnic and a very big space,
 if you were having it on a runway at an airport,
 you could take the salami there.
 Exactly.
 Well, I mean, it's still long.
 It's not that long, but it's 1,152 metres and 16 centimetres.
 That's a long bit of meat, isn't it?
 That's an extremely long salami, because down, guess, 5,000 metres.
 We're all thinking, oh, it's not 10 miles, is it?
 It was made by a Belgian company called Cox Fresh.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was founded by a Belgian man in 1935 called Charles de Koch.
 And in 2016, they renamed Cox Fresh Charles,
 which I think is sensible.
 Very wise.
 Do we know what happened to the salami that they made?
 No, I don't. I imagine they sliced it up and then ate it.
 Story checks out.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And you said that, like, the end of the bedtime story.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And they all ate it up.
 OK, son, good night.
 What do you mean, no?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Stop banging your head on that thing.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, have a nice clown to kill.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This is just another one that you'll like.
 James gets very immature facts.
 In Taipei, Taipei was named the world design capital in 2016.
 And to celebrate, they had literally a massive sausage party.
 It was at the Taiwan Design Centre.
 And they made it all completely sausage-themed.
 So it featured a smoky-centred sausage mist that descends upon visitors
 as they enter.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That sounds quite nice, doesn't it, really?
 I'm so glad we picked Bryson home of vegetarianism to bring these facts.
 They had a sausage festoon chandelier.
 Very classy.
 And then some sausage carnival games.
 And the whole sausage fest was put together by a designer called Alice Wang.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, we're going to have to move on. Should we go for it?
 Yeah.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that baby songbirds have inbuilt nappies.
 This is great. They don't need pamphlets.
 They've already got them within themselves, literally.
 They're called fecal sacs.
 And they are for particularly common--
 So quite as good branding as pamphlets, isn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 They need to work on their PR strategies.
 It's most common in passerine birds, which are basically songbirds.
 So birds like robins and bluebirds.
 And they're basically-- it's only for nestlings, so it's only when they're babies and they're in the nest.
 And you can't leave your poo just all over the nest, because that's very unhygienic.
 And so what the little nestlings do when they need to go to the loo is they turn their rear end towards their parent.
 They point their ass out their parent.
 And they eject this white bag of poo that's encased in a mucus membrane.
 And they eject it out the parent, which flies away and disposes of it.
 It's incredible.
 Yeah.
 It's really cool.
 They sometimes eat it.
 Sometimes eat it as well, yeah?
 For a really cool reason, right?
 Well, no, because sometimes the baby has not digested everything inside it.
 So what you are effectively getting is like a packaged dim sum of just--
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's just like a capsule and you take it in.
 And so the birds get a lot of nutrients from it, because yeah, it's not fully digested.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And also, the other advantage is if you swallow it, or indeed if you take it away,
 it means that no predators will find it, because it smells, and it would attract predators otherwise.
 Yeah.
 And literally, it comes with a handle.
 No, it doesn't.
 It does.
 It comes with a little handle.
 What?
 It's amazing.
 Like a briefcase.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 Or a plastic bag, or--
 Yeah.
 And if you put a handle, really, is what it is.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And do they-- can they swap their beak through the handle?
 It doesn't feel like it's going to be that big.
 I think they grab the handle with the beak and then they take it away.
 Or they have to do a lot of it, because every baby bird produces one fecal-like every hour throughout the day.
 So a lot of the parent's job is just distributing this stuff all around away from the nest to trick predators.
 Or avoid predators.
 That's the other reason for eating it is so that they don't have to leave.
 Because they're lazy.
 No, no, no.
 As in, you're immediately disposing of the evidence that would draw predators.
 So quickly eat the poo of your child.
 And then there are-- there's no kids here.
 You know, you can't see no what, even when surrounded by muggers, I would not--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Most muggers don't track their victims by sniffing out their baby's feces.
 We've never heard of police, give it out for a guy.
 Well, fortunately, the potential victim ate his own shit.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Blue birds have been seen festooning fence posts and utility poles with these fecal sex.
 Wow.
 Like a dog walker might do with a dog poo fight.
 Oh, cool.
 And there was white white white, they do that.
 No, we don't know.
 It could be to say that this is my territory, for instance.
 Or it could be like, they're claiming they were going to walk back that way and put it in a bin.
 And then they forgot.
 Yeah.
 I think black birds do this as well.
 And I've found that there's a black bird in Tibet.
 It's the Tibetan black bird.
 And that, like a species.
 It's a species.
 It's called the Tibetan black bird.
 It's Latin name is Tertus Maximus.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, they're Tertus, Tertus.
 Quo's, aren't they?
 Right.
 I think that's the thrushes.
 The thrushes is Tertus, Tertus.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Very sturdy.
 The great horn bill is another bird that does exciting stuff with poo.
 So this is-- they look very cool.
 They've got big bills.
 They hang around in India, Southeast Asia, that part of the world.
 And they do a cool thing when they're rearing their chicks,
 which is that they build themselves a little prison.
 The mother basically goes into this big hollow in a large--
 in a big factory trunk.
 So it builds a big hollow.
 And then she seals up the hole opening with her own feces.
 So she makes plaster out of her feces.
 She closes them all in to the completely trapped.
 And she creates this tiny little slit in the feces.
 And that is where her mate, the father,
 will come and deliver food to all of them.
 So they have to sit inside this prison for ages.
 The mate delivers food through this little letterbox.
 And it's also where she has to avoid the feces of her chicks.
 So every time one of the chicks poos,
 then they have to squash it out this letterbox.
 And then you also receive food through the same entrance,
 which is a very hygienic tool.
 People have been doing that in my letterbox as well.
 I'm not sure.
 Yeah, Sally, I don't know if they migrate all the way to North London.
 So, keeping another explanation.
 I was looking at a bird that benefits from other animals poo.
 So there's a vulture in Egypt called the Egyptian Vulture.
 Amazing.
 Well, do they get these names?
 And so what it does is it goes to cow dung.
 And it finds the yellow bits of cow dung.
 And it starts eating it and sort of scrubbing its face inside.
 And the reason for that is it's helping its beak to go
 to the brightest yellow that it can go.
 So it's effectively a sort of make up that it puts on to itself.
 But sort of actually enhances the yellowness anyway of their beak,
 like a exfoliating kind of thing.
 And is that a do-it-right mate?
 Didn't read that far in the article, but yeah, I'm at it.
 Oh, yeah, it is.
 Yeah, we both did read the article.
 Great.
 So it's the carotenoids inside the poo,
 which makes them go more orange.
 Yeah.
 And it is to attract mates.
 Mm-hmm, sexy.
 It belongs to a sexy orange beak.
 Did you know that you drink some dinosaur urine every day?
 Yeah, it goes with my 70,000 year old beef jerky.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This is, I think we can calculate it,
 that dinosaurs were around for 186 million years.
 Basically, they had time to drink so much
 that almost every single molecule of water on the planet
 has at some point been through a dinosaur's kidney.
 So cool.
 So that's a cool thing you can think.
 Next time you're having a glass of water.
 We should talk, I think, because we're talking about bird poo.
 It feels like we're talking about Guano.
 The most--
 Yeah, we agreed.
 Guano is basically as held up the Peruvian economy
 for about 200 years.
 Well, we say held up, even it supported it rather than delayed it.
 It supported it, yes.
 So this is bird poo, and it is specifically,
 and burp is an extremely useful fertilizer.
 You probably know you spread it on your fields.
 So it's exported worldwide.
 And a huge percentage comes from Peru.
 And that is because it has booby pelicans
 and guane cormorants who produce the best guano.
 And it's because they have 80% of the world's anchovy
 and this feeds them up.
 And basically, there are a few little islands that are just
 coven in it that get harvested for their poo the whole time.
 So there's this one tiny island, Guana Pesua,
 where there are only two gods allowed to live on it.
 One of them has been living on it for 13 years.
 He's the only person allowed.
 And he's there to fight off anyone who wants to steal the bird poo.
 And then I think it's the case that it's only like every 10 years.
 It's suddenly hundreds of harvesters are allowed to come
 and scrape it off the rocks and sell it.
 And then they have to go away and wait for it to regrow.
 There are birds living there as well as in their constantly depotits.
 Yeah, constantly leaving it there, yeah.
 They're not just shipping it in.
 These islands are incredible.
 Some of them have covered 200 feet deep in poo.
 Whoa!
 And the guy is actually living on the island as well.
 Yeah, he lives there the whole time.
 He does say he misses his family.
 So America passed a law in the, I think the late 19th century,
 which legally allowed it to seize any island which had Guano on it.
 It was so important for them to lie there.
 And when you say legally, it was according to American rules.
 Was it an ex, isn't it?
 It was, yeah.
 But in 15 years, Britain imported two million tons of Guano
 with just a whole thousands of ships just full of Guano
 bringing, you know, and fertiliser yields rocketed.
 Yeah.
 It was most of their income.
 For about 40 years, was that?
 And there was a guy, there's a guy we mentioned sometimes called William Buckland,
 who was a naturalist.
 And he was around at the beginning of the 19th century.
 And he once pranked his Oxford College using Guano.
 So it was in about 1804.
 He got hold of some of this, which was pretty new then.
 And he spread it on the grass in the main lawn of his college by night.
 And he spelled out five letters.
 And that grass grew incredibly powerfully.
 Go on.
 Which letters do you think he spelled out?
 Was it just Guano?
 Guano.
 Guano, yes.
 Yes, it was.
 It's not the best reveal I've ever had.
 Oh, yeah.
 I'm kicking myself for building that up to be a big one, you know?
 Yeah.
 But they let Guano be strongly up saying Guano in sort of super grass, as it were.
 Really?
 Very cool.
 And that's where the band got the name, isn't it?
 Hmm.
 You know, there's a theory that in Antarctica, that in order for penguins, when they're about to go into breeding season,
 the way they need ice to be melted in order for them to have a nice patch, they all get together, and they poo the ice away.
 Yeah.
 So they all stand and huddle, and they all go for it, and then the heat.
 The heat of the poo melts the ice.
 And then, yeah, that's it.
 But you say this is a theory or--
 Yes, it's a theory.
 No, no, no, they definitely do it.
 The thing is that we don't think they do it intentionally.
 Exactly. So it's a theory that they're doing it intentionally.
 That is like the scene in Alien Resurrection, where I'm sorry to go all film nerdy here, but the aliens all kill one of the other aliens,
 because they've all got acid for blood.
 So to make their escape from the lab they're in, they deliberately kill one, and then it burns through the floor of the room that they're in.
 Hmm.
 And that's what the penguins are doing.
 Yeah, like that.
 Yeah.
 It's kind of what they're doing.
 It's always exactly the same as what the penguins are.
 They're using their bodily fluids to get through a floor surface.
 But that film's not going to do nearly as well if they're just shitting on the lines.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Alien squashing over the floor.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I found another-- and Anna, there's a beetle, which is called the three-lined potato beetle, and in order to protect it from.
 Why is it from?
 I mean, it's from.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 You know, no, do you?
 [LAUGHTER]
 So it's a beetle.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And no one knows where it's from, but it's--
 [LAUGHTER]
 And so what it does is it has a big problem with predators, obviously, like all beetles.
 It's constantly predatored on, and it has--
 [LAUGHTER]
 --professor slowed down.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But no, please don't slow down.
 You know that theory we mentioned earlier, that the boy you have--
 --people are rude to you, the stupider you get.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You're saying we've been shooting ourselves in the foot really haven't we?
 We've been shooting five years at five years in.
 There's almost nothing left.
 You brought this on yourselves.
 Yeah, so basically, in order to protect itself, it eats toxins, and then the toxins are pooed out.
 And then it grabs the poo, and it smothers its back in the poo.
 So it means that no animal would ever eat it, because they would die from the poison of it.
 But then weirdly, there's a symbiotic relationship with an ant that eats that,
 but then protects the beetle as a trade-off.
 So no one's going to eat it, but it's never going to get a shag, is it?
 Really.
 There's not a way to attract people.
 There's a smearing poo on yourself.
 It's not a controversial statement.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We need to wrap up, guys.
 Could I just give, just because this is a bit about nappies, bird nappies,
 just a thing I learned about human nappies.
 So people toilet train their kids differently all around the world.
 And I was reading about a few of the different countries, the ways they do it.
 So in 2012, a study looked at Vietnam, and found that all the mothers they looked at there,
 trained their kids to, we, on command, when they whistled.
 They made it so that they looked for the signs.
 That must have been very awkward at a football match.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There was very clever so the mothers basically, when they saw their baby,
 like, it was going to weigh your poo, then they take it to the toilet,
 hold it over the toilet or the potty, and they'd whistle while they pooed.
 And it's a bit of a Pavlovian thing, where the babies were eventually trained
 to only or poo, only when their mothers whistled.
 And so they could just schedule their poo's in.
 It's terrifying power that your mother will hold over you, though, in later life.
 [LAUGHTER]
 If you bring someone home that your mom doesn't like,
 you could just embarrass you royally in front of them.
 Yeah.
 Mind you, as a woman in the #MeToo era, what a great way to deter wolf whistlers.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They're not going to do that for long.
 [APPLAUSE]
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast, I can be found on my Twitter account,
 which is @tribaland, Andy is on.
 @andruhundreb.
 And James.
 @jamesharkin.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep.
 Well, you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing, or our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from our previous episodes to upcoming tour days.
 That is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much.
 We'll see you again, Brighton.
 Good night.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
