 Hi and welcome to an episode, episode number 5 in fact of little fish, little fish is
 the show where you send in your best bites and we rip them to pieces all and hopefully
 most of this week we tell you how great they are and we've done a little bit more research
 on each one of them so we can tell you a little bit more if we found some. So let's have
 no further ado. And he give us a fact. Alright, Izzy Turner writes in with a fact about
 the St Anne's Church in Cork City. Cork City. Beautiful city. Yeah, it makes it sound like
 a factory town like, well called a Cork City, son. We make all the cork, but it's not
 that's not it. Can't grow cork in Ireland, wrong climate. So what's the, right, there's
 not about the estomology of the name Cork. And it is expect, but there will be a cork
 city somewhere. Yeah, Portugal. What? Tunisia is a huge cork growing. My understanding
 is Portugal is the world's largest exporter of cork. Interesting. And the reason I think
 that is because I've been to Cork City as in a city that makes corks and I bought a cork
 bow tie from that city. And if I ever have to wear a bow tie, I still wear the one that's
 made out of cork. I'm believe in James. I don't know why. What? Something about what he
 said. And you know what, with a cork bow tie, if you're ever on a, on a boat and accidentally
 fall overboard, that's the floats. Well, there you go. But it'll float so much that your
 neck will be out of the water. But unfortunately, your head will be somehow. Yeah, it's just,
 I'm googling cork productions that now. Yeah, and it's so sure that Tunisia has a higher
 cork production than Portugal. Okay, I googled it and I don't want to, I don't want to
 talk about this anymore. Is he's fact is about St Anne's Church in Cork City and all four
 clocks on the faces of the clock tower display a different time to each other. Amazing. And
 the clock is known as the four faced liar. So none of them's right. I think they're all
 roughly right. But they're all different to each other. Oh, so it's not like a London
 Paris. No, it's all like three, 15, three, 19, three, 24. It's like, yeah. Question. So I have
 two people I know. One of them's my wife and the other ones are Toshinsky, who regularly
 have their clocks set to the wrong time so that they're never late for things. Oh, I do
 that too. Yeah. You do that. Do you do that, Andy? My Cassio naturally runs fast due to
 my body heat. But what? I don't remember that as part of Einstein's. That's because
 you know, it's a quartz watch. It's got a wafer of quartz inside a wafer. Of course.
 If you run the electric current through it, it vibrates a certain number of times per
 second. And under warmer temperatures, it vibrates more. Does it? And that means that
 your clock, your watch runs slightly first. So on a hot day, your Cassio will gain. I can't
 tell if you're telling the truth. I think it's possible. How much time? Like I'll set
 mine to maybe 10 minutes faster. Yeah, you won't arrive. Suddenly going to be arriving
 10 minutes early for things on a warmer day. You're running like microseconds ahead, aren't
 you? Yeah, but that's how I plan my time. I'm very busy, Dan. I have to do it to the microseconds.
 So anyway, I looked up this clock, basically. The St. Anne's Church in Cork City. And there's
 a tourist website I found, which claims that this was the first four-faced clock until
 Big Ben was built. Rubbish. I just can't believe it. I can't believe that we didn't have
 the technology of clocks with four sides on. I know, think back. You'll think about cathedral
 clocks and things, aren't you? But they're often on the front of a building. Thinking like,
 what's that tower in Warsaw? That's about clocks on it. Oh, yes, it has. But maybe only
 two. I don't know. I just think that's very interesting. Anyway, I have one related fact.
 Can I crowbar in an extra audience first? Matt Ireland wrote in. Actually, we were talking
 recently about people with place name surnames. Oh, yeah. Matt Ireland, he writes in with,
 in Bechels in Suffolk, the church tower only has three clocks on its four sides. The reason
 was when it was built, the people of Suffolk didn't want the people of Norfolk to know the
 time of day. That's so good. Getting our time for free. Those cheap skates. That's very good.
 It's funny. I think that Cork City is where they make cocks in Mat Island as the entire
 island where they make welcome mats. Would you know what Cork Island? I've just quickly looked
 it up on the sly. What they are, big producers of for the world. Oh, the city of Cork. Yeah,
 the city. That's where the county Cork. Yeah, Ireland. No, I don't know. It is Viagra. Oh, yes,
 the Viagra factory is down there. Okay. Because I remember there's a story that locals
 in the town were standing downwind of the Viagra factory. Charlie in the chocolate factory.
 He walks past the factory. He smells the amazing smells of the chocolate every day and he walks
 slowly. I don't know. Would you do that and slowly start bending over and you wouldn't get
 a golden ticket and you know, chocolate. I'm not sure what you would get. Five golden Viagra
 pills. The lucky openers will receive a permanent erection. Willie Wonker more like. Oh, my God. Yeah,
 carry up Willie Wanker. Okay. Jamie Thompson says, dear fishmongers. It's giving us the name
 fishmongers there. Nice. I thought you might like this if you don't already know about it and
 he sent me a link to the Pentagon pizza theory. I'm sure we all have heard of this before. Yeah.
 This is the idea that if something is going down on a mass scale with the government in America
 and the Pentagon need to get involved, they're going to have to put in long hours and so they're
 going to have to order in food. And it's been noted that there are certain times when there are
 huge orders of pizza for the Pentagon for these late night sessions. So the idea is that if orders
 are of spiking at any kind of pizza place near the White House or Pentagon, it means something is
 about to happen. Something's going on. And can you leverage that? Like, can you sort of short stocks
 or whatever? There are websites that will look at the different pizza parlors and see how
 busy they are. Really? Yeah, the pizza meter. It happened quite recently. I can't remember what it
 was for. Maybe it's Israel. I thought there was this whole rumor that went around because suddenly
 Donald Trump disappeared for a weekend. Everyone's like, is he ill? When he died. When he died,
 yeah, exactly. And so they were more afraid. They were finishing putting the final touches
 to the Robo Trump. Yeah, yeah. But it kept on making sense when it spoke. Some people knew.
 Come on, we don't want to have to make an apology or one billion pound fine.
 If you were trying to persuade people, you weren't a super villain. Would you sue for one billion dollars?
 Yeah, very true. That's a great theory. Yeah, wonderful. It is a theory. It's not, it's what it has
 the word theory at the end. I love it. Okay. I got another one here from Matt Bromhead. Matt says,
 my fact this week is that Patsy Klein, the first female artist to be inducted into the country
 Music Hall of Fame, used to give out her home phone number to fans in case they wanted to call her,
 which she did. We kind of spoke about this recently with Amy Gladhill about Laurel and Hardy.
 Which is that Stan Laurel used to give out his phone number and people would call him and
 he would just answer at home at someone called from the final artist. Okay. Actually, but yeah,
 he did do that after Hardy died. Yeah. And so Patsy Klein is great. Patsy, do you know her stuff?
 I don't really see anybody good. And she, she died very young. She was 30 years old. It was a plane
 crash. So she didn't have much time to carve out a full career. But I've got a couple of albums in
 my, in my music app. A church, a courtroom, then goodbye is one of her songs. Sounds sad. Yeah.
 That's, yeah, that's, that happens less and less these days. But what, oh, phone number's been given out.
 Oh, people dying and playing crashes. Yeah. Yes, that. Okay. Okay. Here's one from Tom Hayes. Tom says,
 "Form a lip dam leader, Ming Campbell wants beat OJ Simpson in a 100 meter race." Amazing.
 And it's true. That's what I can say. Ming Campbell was an amazing runner in his time.
 And so for international listeners, the lip dams are a big deal. Political party in the UK.
 Yep. And for non-American listeners, OJ Simpson is a murderer.
 Well, that lawsuit fell his ding in a way. But was he a runner as well?
 OJ Simpson was a football player and American football player. And he was also extremely fast.
 Like a lot of them are. But Ming Campbell was a runner who kept in the Scottish men's team at the
 1966 Commonwealth Games in Jamaica. He was known according to Tom Hayes as the fastest white man
 on the planet. Wow. And I think he probably was for some of the time. He was at the 1964 Olympics,
 but lost in the second round. And the British relay team came last in that Olympics. But he gave
 up athletics in 1968 just before the next Olympics at Mexico City. And the year earlier, he'd finished
 seconds of Tommy Smith in an indoor race in Sacramento. So do you know who Tommy Smith is?
 Yeah, but for anyone who doesn't. So in the 1966, Dan wasn't paying attention otherwise,
 he would have jumped in. I don't know who Tommy Smith is. No idea. In the '68 Olympics, he was the guy
 who stood on the podium and did the black power salute. Oh, remember that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And Ming Campbell should have been in that race by all accounts, but he gave up his career
 the year earlier to become a politician and a lawyer. So in another reality, Campbell decides not
 to become a politician. Beats Tommy Smith in the final of the 1968 Mexico City Olympics. And then
 Tommy Smith's never able to do his historic salute. Wow. What a sliding doors moment.
 I would love to see the movie of this event. Is it still sliding doors, though?
 Is it still still sliding doors? So it's going as Paltrow and the
 politician from the Lib Dems. Is it going as Paltrow playing Ming Campbell? Yes. Great. Yeah.
 Good. Who else is in that movie? I can't even remember if it's going as Paltrow.
 It feels like it's going as Paltrow. Yeah. It's certainly John Hanna, I believe.
 Wow. So is John Hanna playing Tommy Smith? He's going to be a challenging casting.
 Work will need to be receded quite a bit for this film to get made, I would say.
 Well, great. That was really good. And I went into newspaper archives and looked at the stories
 for when Ming Campbell was around doing these races. And yeah, he was basically all the Scottish
 newspapers were saying that he's the next fastest man in the world and the Sassanax need to believe it.
 Because, like, will he get into the British team or not? Because maybe they'll
 English, you'll just put all the English runners in and stuff. How funny. It's really interesting
 when you look back. Yeah, because it would have been, it would have been a way to headline and
 that great sprinted as I was to go into politics. Well, he'll never go anywhere.
 Actually, he's going to be the leader of the Lib Dems. One day when he's extremely old.
 Yeah. Still running. Still running. Brilliant.
 Okay, here's one from Jake Clements, who writes, "My wife Katie has been taking a
 course in landscape gardening and came across a particular type of Bramble and hasn't stopped
 giggling at the Latin name. It's called a Cockburnianus."
 Now, I would pronounce that Coburnianus because it's named after the Coburn family, but Coburn
 is spelled Cockburn. And yeah, I tried to find out more about it. There was a blog that said,
 "I've been trying to find out who among the Coburn family was being honored by William
 Botting Hensley when he named this newly discovered species, but without success."
 But I think I've worked out who it probably was. I think it was probably Henry Coburn who served
 in China for 25 years as British Consul General because this is a, it's a Bramble that's found in China.
 Well, that's great. So I pretty certain it's that person, not 100% certain, but yeah.
 Has the name sort of limited the Bramble's popularity?
 You know what, Bramble's, I think, don't have as much popularity as you might imagine.
 Oh, you go to any garden centre and there'll be an extensive Bramble section.
 You're like a rose or a dailyer. I think another Bramble.
 I have Bramble's in my garden. Do you? Do you grow, are they blackberry?
 They have, I think it's blackberries. Yeah, some kind of berries on there.
 Do you know what, I don't know what a Bramble is. I've just realised my whole life I've
 been casually referring to Bramble's. Oh, well they are. What is a Bramble?
 Well, to me it was always just a spiky bush, but I guess there's some kind of other
 yeah, tentacles. Don't write it, don't write it. And apologies to my wife for last year's
 anniversary flowers. I see now that that was not romantic. What year is the Bramble anniversary?
 It's the last year, always. The Cuckberry Anus years. The Cuckberry Anus years is an amazing name for
 an American sitcom from the 1980s, isn't it? That's the final Adrian Moll book.
 My turn. This is from Drew Ferguson. According to the International Union for Conservation of Nature,
 they have a conservation list. The least weasel is currently considered to be of least concern.
 What about the most weasel? So just hanging out in there. Andy mentioned this on a podcast recently.
 Did I? Yeah. I can't remember what it was, but it's definitely something I've edited recently.
 Have you edited it out? No. Oh, dang. Oh, sorry. Maybe it just came to me in the moment,
 and I forgot my dear mark to it. I think you might have said that someone sent it in.
 Oh, there you go. Who sent it in? Drew Ferguson. Well, thank you, Drew.
 Double mention for you. Well, actually, I don't think you mentioned his name the first time.
 Single mention for you, Drew, but your fact has been on twice. Really good. Here's one from Soam
 Mojjee Brackets. NB email is so old, the fact may have changed. I think that's some commentary from
 you, Andy. Yep. So this person said, after staying up late on Wednesday to watch,
 done or which Wednesday it was, could have been any Wednesday in the last five years.
 To watch United, and he's talking about Man United, Manchester United, lose a way to Grimsby Town,
 12/11 on penalties, going to work the next morning was probably the worst thing that's ever happened
 to me. Anywho, it turns out that after this result, Grimsby Town, currently in the fourth division
 of English football, are now unbeaten against Manchester United for nearly 100 years last losing in
 1946. Wow. In that time, they have only played three matches with Grimsby winning two and drawing one.
 So nice facts, if you like football. If you don't like football, imagine what the headlines might
 have been for Grimsby beating Man United. So Grimsby is a very famous area for making fish.
 Yes. Or fishing. What might they have gone for? I saw this in a tweet by Martin Samuel the journalist.
 So can you guess what the headlines were when Grimsby beat Man United in this amazing game?
 And they're a big fishing town. Yeah. It feels like a clue. It was a clue.
 Coddle mighty. Very close. Same pun. Slightly different phrase.
 Cod, cod. Where is your cod now? I'm going to give it you. Active cod.
 Active cod is very good. And the other one was something you might say about a football team when
 they've been beaten. They're in a bad place. Very good, but no. They think it's all over now.
 It is it is trout. They think it's all over. It is trout. Final answer. The answer is battered.
 Anyway, I did some googling about other football teams who've got good records against Man United.
 MK Don's have never lost against Manchester United in their entire history, which admittedly is very
 short because they're a franchise who kind of took over another football team, but they've had one
 win 4-0 and South N United have never lost against Man United. They've had one win of 1-0.
 If you beat them once, you just like, well, we'll never play Man United again.
 Yeah, that was like when I used to play chess and my brother got better than me. I beat him once.
 They said, right, that's it. That's so childish. That was a child. Four nils is a battering.
 Very good. Unfortunately, that was M. K. Don's who did that. Milton Keynes is not a very famous
 fishing cat. Milton Keynes, they really sent them round about the houses. Very good.
 Okay, I'll do one here. This is from Phil P. Phil P says, 1918 in the UK, there was a Chinese
 magician who became quite famous named Cheng Ling Su. He was quite old. Spoke no English on stage,
 though. He got shot trying to perform the bullet catch trick, shocking as it was. His dying words
 shocked the audience even more when he said, lower the curtain, something went wrong. And so he had
 been playing this character. It's a very famous character within the world of magic, William
 Ellsworth Robinson. That was his real name. That was his real name. He basically created a character
 that was an old Chinese magician who would do amazing tricks on stage. But if anyone has seen
 the movie The Prestige, it's used as an example of how a magician's act extends beyond. Yeah, I
 know Andy does. Sorry, the listener doesn't see this, but Andy just rolled his eyes in such a way.
 It's a ridiculous film. He's got a big old Nolan issue. I once asked my wife to read me out the plot
 of The Prestige during a long car journey so that I could be annoyed about it. We were stuck in
 traffic and I was driving. No, I didn't know. I had a traffic. I needed an edge.
 You know what I, and I runically love, is the, now you see me movies? I've watched it like 10 times
 in the last month. Okay, that's, that's the trick that they pull on you. I actually really,
 really love that. I think it's magicians who do a con. Yeah, usually. The four magicians who
 are brought together and they don't know why, but there's a big magic idea for them to pull off
 this ultimate thing. But they don't know who they're working for. And they slowly have to complete
 this. And then I think, because I've seen, are there two of them? There's two of them. There's two.
 Well, third one comes out, came out a couple of weeks ago, but actually when we're recording this
 comes out on Friday. Is the, is the third one called Now You Three Me? No, it's called Now You Don't,
 so that's a terrible. I think my main problem with those films is the names because now you see me,
 which is a good title or a magic film. Yeah, it should have just been called Now You Don't,
 the second one. Absolutely. But instead it was called Now You See Me Too. Yeah. That's a bad title.
 Yeah. And then the third one is called Now You Don't, when that should have been the second. It
 makes no sense. It should have been. Now you see me, then Now You Don't, then Now You Three Me.
 We'll think of something for the fourth film. Yeah. Unless this is a cleverly planned misdirection.
 The second title, the third title, is all going to make sense in the fourth. That'll be it.
 I can't believe you've watched them so much over the last four. That's, that's mad. They were just
 good to have in the background while I needed to do other stuff, you know. It's a good
 mask tonight. Well, he else and he's just got something about him. Okay. Well, on that note,
 I think we've come to the end of your facts. So we're going to go to some of our old facts and
 we're going to dish them out to people who are members of the brand of the podcast here on Patreon.
 So drumroll, please, everyone. Well, that was okay, Andy, but I might add it in post. Let's hear
 the first person who is a friend of the podcast. Yeah. Okay. Here is a fact and Luke Ladroire.
 Luke Ladroire, it's a brilliant name. I'm sorry if I'm saying it wrong, but anyway, Luke is your fact
 and it's that a computer game has been invented that takes more than a lifetime to complete.
 This was a James Harkin. Yeah, and the idea was that you could play the game and then you could
 pass your high score onto your descendants. You could then continue the game. And it was the idea,
 I mean, quite a long time ago, we did this fact. It was the idea of like digital currency and
 how that will go when you die because we know what happens to your money when you die, but what
 happens to your digital self? We could have invented crypto bro. We could have done because this
 would be 2014. Was that where was crypto? It's probably been invented, but imagine if during that
 show, we'd researched it and found out there's a thing called Bitcoin and told all of our listeners
 about it and everyone bought one Bitcoin. Yeah. All of our listeners, we could be selling
 friend of the podcast for 50 grand. Did we ever mention this guy who someone who bought
 in something like 2010? I think Bitcoin had been invented a while ago. He bought a couple of pizzas
 for something like 10,000 Bitcoin. He would have been a billionaire several times over today if he
 just not done that. And now Papa Jones is who they are. Anyway, Luke, that's your fact now to
 safeguard the shepherd and keep forever. In fact, why not play the game? Yeah, you'll have to go
 back to episode number seven to find out what it was. Dan, can you give us another one? Yep,
 this one is for Jakob and the fact is that 2013 was the first year since 1933 that there hasn't been
 a sighting of the Loch Ness monster. Oh, do you know what's happened since that? There's been
 plenty of sightings. Well, interestingly, it was the very nature of releasing a headline like that,
 which this was in the papers at the time that spurred people on to claim and send in photos and say
 that this is not the fact that basically they had lots of sightings while cameras were really
 shit for about 50 years. And suddenly everyone had a phone and cameras got really good and then
 they stopped being sightings and then Photoshop was invented and suddenly there were lots of sightings
 again. It's been tough. There is a theory when you can't pass off a leaf floating on the water.
 There is a theory that what if it's not that those photos were always blurry, but what if say the
 Loch Ness monster and Bigfoot themselves are blurry? So that's one of the counter-arguments to
 that. And it's a devastating counter-argument. What if they're all former members of the IRA and
 they have to be blurred every time they're on screen? And their voices have to be done by
 out-of-work actors. That's an excellent theory. Okay, well, Jakob, congratulations. No guessing whose
 fact that was when it was originally said. That was mine. Okay, I've got one from Anna here which is
 now under the custodian ship of Mark Osborne. Mark, your fact is that the French government forced
 Madame Tussaud to make models of her friends decapitated heads. Oh, a bit of a macabre one.
 That is a macabre, more like. Very good. I want you guys to know that I would do that for you.
 You would make models of her decapitated heads for the people whose heads have been decapitated.
 It was for their enemies. I just want you to know that I would make models of your decapitated heads.
 Would you? If I was forced to by the government. Right. I just want you guys to know that I would
 do that for you. I'm sorry, I've thought you'd react better to it. I'm wondering in what genre of
 model, like her puppet head, like a wax work. We've already got puppets of the four of us.
 It's a job done, mate. It's a job done. Do you want that to be your model in perpetuity, though?
 Yeah. I mean, you can't. I'm finished. It looks more like Dan and Dan looks like Dan.
 Why don't we just get Don Music from Sesame Street? Look it up. No, but I would do that for you guys.
 Thank you. I do appreciate that, but I feel like you don't have the requisite training
 on modeling heads and possibly the heads that you make of me, Dan and Anna, might not be exactly
 true to life. Yeah. That's a fair point. Why are you doing it? What's in what situation you're
 mentioning? The government is forcing me. I don't know. I think, so was it, why was she being forced
 to make models of her friend's head? Was it that they wanted to commemorate the friends? No,
 no. No, no. They've been decapitated. There are enemies of the revolution. Oh, sort of like,
 look here are the enemies of the revolution. Yeah. And here's what they suffered. Yeah.
 Madame Tussaud was friends with those people, but instead she wasn't killed because she hadn't
 done anything really bad, but they forced her to make the head switch. It wasn't like Dupier,
 your next door neighbor. It was prominent people. Yeah, well, you guys are prominent people.
 You're prominent in the podcast world. Andy, before you dig yourself any deeper into this Madame
 Tussaud shaped hole, why do you tell us about the next custodian of a fact? Okay. Hello, Todd Norbury.
 You are getting a fact, which I would say is one of my faves of all time. During the Normandy
 landings, the Allied forces deployed dogs by parachute. Oh, remember the days when we used to have
 parachuting animals in every episode? It was a happy time in my life. I love this fact so much,
 is that in fact, it might have been the first feat to touch the ground in the Normandy landings
 with dog feet. Really? Wow. Because there were there were German shepherds and they were
 like to trick the Germans into thinking that they were on their side because they could speak German.
 They could say surrender in the German language. I was about to say in the local language,
 but of course the local language was French, which was the whole problem in many ways.
 You're not upset? Are we saying that the whole problem of the Second World War was that
 French people were living in France? No. I'm saying. Because that's sure what it sounded like.
 I'm saying the presence of the German army in France was one of the problems of the Second World War.
 Oh, that was a problem. That was a big problem. That was. We're not one of those podcasts.
 You can find them elsewhere on the podcast or they do it. They're a plenty now. Anyway,
 these were German shepherds and they were parachuted in to help with the Normandy landings and
 be the kind of first dogs on the ground, kind of what they did now. The manager had been barking
 orders. Brilliant. It's so nice when you get a second bite at the cherry 11 years later.
 Dad, give us another one. Okay. I go on here. This is an interesting one. This is an interesting
 fact to be a custodian of because it's been 11 years and sometimes facts that we've said
 have been looked into more and we discover that are not strictly as true as we thought they were
 when we first set them. So this is a fact that is going to ARJG and the fact is that the music track
 on the anti-piracy advert used on all DVDs was itself pirated. Lovely fact. Great fact. You know
 that it would be sort of you wouldn't steal a handbag. You wouldn't steal a car. It was this big ad
 and the story was at the time that this had been itself pirated. I believe I got it from an Australian
 scientist who's been on no such thing as a fish. Dr Carl. Dr Carl. Dr Carl got it from one of his
 books. I think it was that there are slightly disputed versions of events. Some people say the music
 was used without permission. That has been a bit disputed because there was a different
 there was a different anti-piracy ad which definitely did use stolen music. So that did happen.
 And also there were questions about whether they'd licensed the typeface. Yes. I mean it was kind of
 it was kind of a nightmare. Oh we know for sure as they caused an absolute massive
 upsurge in people stealing handbags. Okay here is another fact. This one is under the
 custodiaship of Luisa Viviano and Luisa your fact is oh it's one from Alex Bell. It's his first
 ever fact on the podcast and it is that one of the last things that NASA had to do before launching
 space shuttles was removed there inflatable owls. Nice. So that was Alex Bell's fact it is now under
 your custodian ship Luisa. Congratulations fantastic. And if they use these inflatable owls to
 scare away other smaller birds didn't they? Yeah I think it was like hawks as well. I think it was
 yeah it was flying animals and it worked. And I guess mice. Possibly. I mean I don't know how big.
 burglars who are afraid of owls. It's also when you get downstairs to the space shuttle in the morning
 and it's gone and you feel like such an idiot and you realise it's been burgl. And you spend a
 while looking like oh maybe I parked it in the next space along and it's just not I've had that
 situation. It's a kicker. Okay we're going to have two more I think so Andy when and you give us
 one now. I'll do one. This one goes out to Craig Taylor. Congratulations Craig because your fact
 is this zinger is that according to the government of the Czech Republic there are three symbols of
 Easter Easter eggs the Easter lamb and whipping. Being whipped. Yeah and that was because whipping was
 like a tradition wasn't it? Yes that they did like young boys would go around whipping young girls
 or something. It was a different time. It was a different time. But yeah I mean that was one of
 those facts where I didn't know for sure because I'm not Czech and I didn't have anyone in the
 Czech Republic to check with. So to speak. But that's why you said according to the government because
 it was on the government website. Yeah that's right. So yeah I mean was the country still the Czech
 Republic then or had it become Czechia? I do believe that the government has recently said
 if you don't really want to call it Czechia we don't mind. That's a Bosch rebrand isn't it? That's
 embarrassing. Yes. I just I think that's really interesting that we've now been going so long
 that that's changed. Wasn't there another country was isn't it? One of those two inside South Africa
 Swaziland. Yeah. Oh Eswatini. Eswatini. Yeah yeah. Which used to be Swaziland. There's no Eswatini.
 It's because of Esports isn't it? Yeah yeah yeah they're like getting in that brand. But Turkey has
 changed its name to Turkey but spelled differently. Has it? Yeah. I didn't know that. I don't know.
 Oh you've not been spelling it the old fashioned way of your how embarrassing. Oh no. Oh no.
 Is it sort of Turkey? Yeah. It's Turkey. Yeah. Oh no and I've been going out spelling it Turkey.
 Yeah. Oh no. Oh god we've been eating Turkey at Christmas. Oh you're still allowed to spell that
 the old way. Oh no. We've been eating Turkey at Christmas. Okay one last fact before we wrap up for
 today Daniel Schreiber. Yeah this comes from Anna Toshinsky and Matt G.S. this now belongs to you
 at Earl's Court tube station in 1911. A one-legged man was employed to ride the escalator. His name was
 bumper Harris. That was also a classic at the time. Classic classic fact. Yeah. Bumper Harris. And he
 was hired. He was hired wasn't he to show that it was safe. Even if you were one-legged. Yeah it was
 not a scary thing to because there must have been someone who was the first ever person to go on an
 escalator. Yeah they wanted to they could know it wouldn't eat them. And there are descriptions of
 people. I think I said this at the time on the podcast at Stratford International Mall. I was constantly
 as I was going down the escalators. There would be people on there who clearly and they're like in
 their 70s were going on for the very first time and not knowing and and almost falling on you
 and stopping at the bottom not knowing to move. It was wild. I got to watch what the bumper Harris
 world was experiencing. So for hours on end used to sit there laughing at you. That was old people.
 Get a few tins of beer. Sitting in your camp chair. I reckon there'll still be a couple of
 billion people who've not had a chance to go on an escalator yet on Earth a life today I would say.
 Absolutely. I mean so many people lack electricity you know just one of the very few like diesel powered
 escalators I'm guessing. Yeah sorry there are no nuclear ones that I know of. Well if you
 make a distributor of nuclear powered escalators that do write into podcast@QI.com and indeed
 if you want to write in with anything do write into podcast@QI.com. If you want to speak to the rest
 of us individually you don't want that around you to hear what you have to say to me then I can
 be found on Instagram at no six fingers James Harkin then. Yeah I'm on at tribal land. And I'm on
 at Andrew Hunter M. I didn't even need to ask you and my name is Andy. And more can be found about
 the podcast at no six fingers a fish.com we will see you for another little fish next week. Other stuff
 in the meantime. Good bye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
