 (upbeat music)
 - Hi everybody, just before we start this week's show,
 we have an exciting announcement to make.
 - Yes, as you may have heard,
 we are returning to the road that leads to theaters
 across the UK and Ireland
 to perform our new stage show, Nerd Immunity.
 - It's gonna be a live podcast.
 That's gonna be the second half of every show,
 completely different every single time.
 And in the first half, there's gonna be a magnificent
 first half comedy set,
 starring all your favorites from the podcast.
 Dan, James, Anna, all your favorite people, right there.
 In one room, if you would like to come along
 and be a part of that, do go to qi.com/fishevents
 and you'll find links to all the places that we're going,
 which starts on the 5th of October,
 Tumbridge Wells, Reading, Petersburg, Exeter, Canterbury,
 London, Oxford, Pool, Chesterfield, Manchester,
 so many places we're going to, do check it out.
 Okay, go to qi.com/fishevents,
 but before that, on with the show.
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 Anna Tyshinski, and James Harkin,
 and once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the Victorian poet, Elizabeth Barrett Browning,
 had her spaniel stolen by London's dog banditty
 on three separate occasions.
 - They sound like at least two euphemisms in that sentence.
 I reckon having your spaniel stolen
 and London's dog banditty sounds.
 - It's all true.
 There might be some euphemisms later actually,
 but no, that she had a lovely little spaniel
 and it was called flush, flush the dog.
 - But don't.
 - Don't flush the dog.
 - If you're listening.
 - But this was a huge problem in Victorian London.
 I say huge, it was a medium-sized problem.
 But for middle-class people who were suddenly getting dogs
 and showing them off and grooming them and breeding them,
 it was a problem because thieves realized
 you could steal dogs and the owners
 would pay quite a bit to get them back.
 And poor little flush got stolen in 1843 to order.
 She paid the thieves off and they brought it back.
 Then again in 1844, she paid them off again,
 bit more money this time, she got it back.
 And then in 1846, a third time flush the dog was stolen.
 At which point, flush must have been
 getting used to this routine by now.
 - At that stage, maybe flush preferred his other owners.
 Although I heard that it was a very, very spoiled dog flush
 and that he would turn his nose up at any bread
 that wasn't buttered.
 So I imagine the dog that was probably
 weren't giving him buttered bread.
 - She wrote about him, "If you were but to see him
 eat partridge from a silver fork."
 I mean, very, very over-spoiled dog.
 Anyway. - Then what?
 What's the end of that clause?
 If you were but to see him eat partridge from a silver fork,
 what, you pass out with envy?
 I think-- - You're so disgusted
 you leave the room.
 - I've cut it short there.
 So we'll never know.
 It can't have been that interesting.
 Otherwise I would have said,
 if she'd said, "If you were to see him do this,
 you'd shit."
 (laughing)
 - That's her style, I believe it.
 - She claimed that he could have the capacity for literacy.
 She said he recognized the letters A and B
 and that maybe in the course of time,
 he might learn the full alphabet.
 - Wow. - Then again then.
 - So he could send an S-O-S out at some point.
 - No, he could order an ABBA CD, basically.
 - Anyway, well look, he couldn't have done
 any of these things if, as the thieves threatened,
 they were going to cut off his head and paws
 and send them back to Elizabeth Barrett Browning.
 Very distressing, obviously.
 That's what they said they would do.
 - Yeah, that's horrible.
 No wonder she paid up.
 - I read a really good account of it
 of the third time that the dog was stolen
 and she was getting on a bus
 and the dog was just wandering behind her in London,
 clearly leachless.
 As she got on the bus, turned around,
 looked for the dog and it was gone.
 And instead of getting off to look for her dog,
 she and her sister just stayed on the bus
 and her sister was like,
 "Well, guess there'll be a ransom note when we get back."
 (all laughing)
 - That's a great idea, isn't it?
 If you're in the supermarket
 and you can't be bothered taking your kids home in the car,
 just wait for the ransom note.
 (all laughing)
 - Can I ask what kind of bus we think she was getting?
 It was the 1840s, right?
 Was it like a stagecoach?
 - It might have been a carriage.
 - A carriage.
 - An omnibus, I reckon.
 - An omnibus, yeah.
 - That's what it felt like.
 It felt like she was getting on a proper bus
 when I read the report.
 - I mean, it certainly wasn't a proper bus
 in the sense that we know it
 because it was like six years before proper buses were seen.
 - Was it a rootmaster?
 Yeah, maybe I've read that wrong.
 Maybe carriage.
 Let's go carriage, actually.
 (all laughing)
 - Flushed the dog.
 He must have thought,
 as he was being dognapped for the third time,
 he must have thought, "Mama Mia, here we go again."
 (all laughing)
 - Very good.
 - Thank you.
 - Do you think he sent out an SOS?
 (all laughing)
 Are you giving the punchline to a joke
 that was set up five minutes ago?
 - Yeah, I think I am.
 Anyway, look, the thieves were only interested
 in money, money, money.
 That's what they wanted.
 (all laughing)
 And so they sent this ransom note.
 And there was a lot of dispute in the family
 because her father was very tyrannical.
 He didn't want a ransom paid.
 But there was this contact.
 There was a shoemaker called Taylor
 who was the main player in the dog theft world
 in Victorian London.
 He was involved in a huge number of these thefts.
 He was usually not the guy to steal the dog,
 but he was the guy who would make contact
 and say, "Oh, we've come into this dog."
 (all laughing)
 - That's disgusting.
 - "We've come into the possession of this dog."
 - Oh, sorry, 'cause I thought you meant,
 "All right, okay."
 (all laughing)
 I find it really hard to work out exactly
 what happened on all these occasions
 because Virginia Woolf wrote a fictionalized version
 of Flush's dog napping, didn't she?
 She wrote a biography of this dog
 in which there are loads of explanations
 of how he was taken
 and then how he was gotten back and stuff,
 which God knows what's true and what's not true.
 But the best bits I find probably not true.
 (all laughing)
 - Yes, it's so funny.
 She wrote the whole thing in 1933,
 or it was published in 1933, certainly.
 It was quite a light book
 off the back of a rather heavy
 and serious brain-training one she'd just written.
 But it was her best-selling book to date,
 which must have been--
 - No.
 - Yes, infuriating.
 - To now, like--
 - No, to that point in her career,
 it was the most successful.
 Yeah, I don't think it's currently outselling
 when she's down the way.
 I might be wrong.
 - You never know, maybe after this podcast.
 But she was, like, when it first came out,
 she wasn't sure if she should even publish it
 because she thought that people would think
 she was like a frivolous, not very kind of--
 - Yeah, I mean, it's a biography of someone's dog.
 - Yeah, silly lady novelist was the worry that she had.
 - She said, "I must not let myself believe
 that I'm simply a lady-like prattler."
 - Well, maybe write a biography of a human being, Virginia.
 - Talking dog.
 Was she friends with Flush?
 Did she know Flush?
 And did she know Brownie?
 - No, no, no, no.
 The timelines didn't cross over.
 - Just to defend Virginia Woolf
 having abused her for writing about a dog,
 it did have a serious message underneath, didn't it?
 I think she was just worried people wouldn't get it.
 So, well, this is how she defended it anyway,
 writing to her friend.
 She was like, "Look, it's gonna seem silly
 'cause it looks like it's a biography of a dog.
 But if you read it, well, it's partly, I guess,
 an odor Elizabeth Browning, right?
 Who was a hero for subsequent female writers
 and partly a way of descending into the depths of London
 and reporting on the awful poverty and social injustice there.
 Through the eyes of a dog, yes, but even so.
 So it was vaguely serious.
 But it also featured a pop point,
 which I don't think was in the real life story,
 where the dog was almost sold to a man called Pussy.
 (laughing)
 This part of the story was she got it
 from a friend of hers who initially had been,
 had an offer made from the brother
 of the Reverend Edward Buvery Pusy.
 I think we're saying it.
 - Oh, Pusy is a different name to Pussy.
 - It is a different name.
 (laughing)
 But it is spelled in a similar way.
 - Very similar.
 Dognapping back then was such a big thing in London.
 There was a journalist called Henry Mayhew
 who estimated that in terms of individual dog stealers
 operating in London at his time,
 it was 141 people just going around London, stealing them.
 And he estimated that 45 of them
 did it as their main profession.
 They just actively went into it.
 And you can see there's sort of tables of sort of like 1841,
 dogs stolen, where 43 dogs lost 521,
 people charged 51, people discharged of that 32.
 They just found it really hard to bust people
 who were stealing the dogs.
 - Yeah, hang on Dan, how many dogs did you say stolen?
 - So stolen 43, dogs lost 521.
 But I imagine that there's a blur between those two
 because a lot of these dog nappers got around loopholes
 by if they'd stolen a dog,
 they would do things like make up a missing sign,
 which they would then show if they had the dog
 to a dog dealer and say,
 "Look, I found this missing poster of this dog
 and this is the dog."
 They buy it off them and then sell it.
 So technically, it was a missing dog.
 - The guy who stole the dog makes the poster.
 - Yeah, exactly. - Saying a missing dog.
 - But then he makes the poster
 and then he gives it to a dog dealer and says,
 "I've got this dog on this missing poster,
 can I sell it to you?"
 - Yeah, he's like, "Look, there's a missing poster here.
 Someone's looking for this dog and I found the dog.
 So if I just give it to you,
 then you'll be able to do the deal and get the money
 and just give me half the money for now, it's fine."
 - That's so funny. - That kind of thing.
 - I still think that even a total of something like 600 dogs
 lost and reported stolen too.
 Given that there are 141 dog dealers in London,
 45 of whom are doing it full-time,
 that is what, about four dogs per person per year?
 One per quarter?
 - Yeah, that's a lot of holidays.
 - It's an astonishingly low proportion of dogs.
 I don't know why we're acting like
 this is a lot of dogs to be stolen.
 How's anyone making a profit out of this?
 - Well, they took their time, didn't they?
 Didn't they find out with Elizabeth Barrett Browning
 that they'd spent two years tailing her
 before they took her dog?
 Two years spotting, yeah.
 - Or is that, again, is that the Virginia Wolf story?
 I'm not sure, I can't wait now.
 The other thing is you could make some money on the side
 by stealing a dog, not getting the money back,
 but making dog skin leather gloves,
 which are apparently a luxury item
 that people like to wear.
 They're very soft on the skin.
 - Yeah, have we ever worn dog outside
 of dog skin gloves?
 I've never heard of it before.
 - I don't know if you've seen
 the documentary 101 Dalmatians, but yeah.
 - It wasn't the only dog-related trade.
 This is a bit by the by now,
 but there was a market in 1850s London for fake dog poo.
 - Really?
 - So there were people who were collecting real dog poo
 for tanneries because it helped to soften
 and purify the leather, right?
 - Is fake dog poo just your own poo with some dog hairs
 in it, 'cause it feels like probably is.
 - Oh, God.
 Thankfully, it's just taking mortar from old walls
 and crumbling it into your existing dog poo
 to bulk it out a bit.
 It's a way of making your real dog poo go further.
 The people who traded in it and collected it
 were originally old women who got nicknamed bunters,
 but then men started muscling in
 from about the 1820s onwards,
 and these dog poo collectors would walk the streets
 with the covered basket containing their wares,
 and some of them would wear a black leather glove
 to do their collecting in.
 - Only some of them.
 - Only some of them, because the others,
 they didn't have a glove.
 They said, well, look, it's easier to wash your hands
 than to clean the glove.
 - I think that's a fair point.
 - Yeah, good, cool, good, cool.
 I knew Anna would be the first one to say.
 - Come on.
 - It was pretty exciting to hear about the fact
 of London being poo-less,
 because in the area that I live particularly,
 there is poo from dogs that have just left
 all over the streets,
 and just the idea that it was picked up
 because people thought it was valuable
 and needing it as part of this tanning process
 means that Victorian London was just clean,
 in that respect, in that respect, I know it's not.
 - Interesting theory,
 'cause I think it was also a sort of thigh-deep
 in horse manure, wasn't it?
 And technically, you could use that as well.
 - It must be really hard to find dog poo
 in a street that's full of horse poo.
 It's almost like the 19th century equivalent
 of finding a needle in a haystack
 is finding a dog poo in a horse poo.
 - That was a saying, I believe that was a popular saying
 at the time.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is James.
 - My fact is that the Democratic Republic of Congo
 is planning an official parade
 of its first prime minister's gold tooth.
 - Very cool.
 - You've got to get front row seats for that, haven't you?
 Otherwise, it's just not worth going.
 - Yeah, you're not gonna see it
 from the back of the stadium, are you?
 - No.
 - So, I will quickly give you a short history
 of the Democratic Republic of Congo
 in the last 200 years to explain what's going on here.
 - Right.
 - You might remember that amusing story
 of Henry Martin Stanley finding Dr. Livingston.
 - Oh, wow, we really are going back, okay?
 - We are, we are.
 - So, he said, "Dr. Livingston, I presume,"
 and he found Dr. Livingston.
 But after that, the story took a bit of a turn,
 and Stanley was working on behalf of Leopold II of Belgium
 to create this massive personal tract of land
 where he could almost farm it for ivory,
 'cause there was so much ivory,
 so many elephants and stuff like that.
 So, he created this huge, huge country
 that was run by Leopold II of Belgium.
 There was then a rubber boom
 because they came up with this idea of buses.
 I don't know if you've heard of those, Dan.
 They came along in the early 20th century,
 and so, Leopold II of Belgium
 forced the population to work on his rubber plantations,
 and literally millions of people died
 in terrible, terrible conditions.
 In 1960, the country got its independence finally,
 and they got a new leader called Patrice Lumumba,
 so they thought he might bring the whole country together.
 But there was one area called Catanga
 that had loads of minerals,
 and the Belgians wanted to keep that under the control
 after independence because they wanted
 all of these minerals.
 Lumumba asked the U.S. and Europe
 to help to control an uprising,
 but U.S. and Europe didn't help,
 and so, he turned to the Soviet Union,
 and obviously, that sent alarm bells ringing
 in Europe and America.
 - It was an awkward time, wasn't it,
 between America and the Soviet Union?
 - It was.
 It was the Cold War.
 - Yeah.
 - So, anyway, they assassinated this guy, Patrice Lumumba,
 and to stop any hero worship,
 they dissolved his body in acid,
 and there was hardly any bits left.
 This gold tooth was remaining
 and was taken to Belgium by one of the people
 who did the crime,
 and then this year, finally, they're gonna get it back,
 and they're gonna have a proper parade,
 and it'll be kind of part of their anniversary
 of independence and all that kind of stuff.
 - I had never heard the story of Patrice Lumumba before,
 and it's really, obviously, it's a completely awful story,
 this coup against him,
 and there were apparently two different plots against him.
 One was CIA/MI6,
 and one was Belgian,
 along with some Congolese officials as well.
 - Yeah, the CIA tried to kill him
 with some poison toothpaste.
 - They apparently found it difficult
 to get the toothpaste onto his toothbrush,
 without being noticed,
 which, it's so rare that toothpaste is applied
 to your toothbrush without you being
 in front of your toothbrush.
 - Unless you're Prince Charles,
 unless you're Prince Charles, in which case,
 it's a twice daily occurrence.
 - Is that right?
 - Yes, I'm not saying they should,
 but if the CIA wanted to knock off Prince Charles
 with this method, he would be a sitting duck.
 (laughing)
 - I was just thinking,
 it's definitely a two-man job, isn't it?
 One person to distract you so much
 that you don't notice that the other person
 sneaks into your bathroom
 and puts toothpaste on your toothbrush
 that you're holding.
 - But you'd turn back and you'd think,
 "No, actually, you wouldn't think, you wouldn't think,
 "did I put this toothpaste on the brush?"
 - No. - You'd just look at it
 and you'd think-- - What's the other option
 that it's just spontaneously arrived on your toothbrush?
 That doesn't make any sense.
 - Yeah.
 - They'd have to have opened the toothpaste,
 because I would be suspicious
 if I hadn't got the toothpaste
 out of its special drawer yet,
 to put it on the brush, if you know what I mean.
 - It's a tough location all around, isn't it?
 'Cause if you're brushing your teeth,
 most likely you're staring into a giant mirror,
 which would knock out anyone's chance
 of sneaking up behind you.
 (laughing)
 - That's a really good point.
 Whose tooth do you think is the most expensive,
 John Lennon's, or Elvis Presley's?
 - Does one of them have more teeth in circulation?
 I can't look out why that would be.
 - Oh, yeah, interesting.
 - Okay, this gives you a bit of a clue.
 Both of these are owned by the same guy
 who is a tooth collector of celebrities.
 - Oh, okay.
 - This is a weird tooth fairy, dude.
 (laughing)
 - I'm gonna say John Lennon,
 because there's probably more bits of Elvis Presley
 on the market, like his toenails and so on,
 that you can get access to.
 - I'll say Elvis.
 I'll say Elvis is bigger.
 I think the sort of people who want the teeth
 will be more interested in Elvis than Lennon.
 - I don't know why there are more bits
 of the dismembered Elvis Presley on the market
 than there are of apparently dismembered
 John Lennon.
 I just realized their body parts
 were in circulation at all.
 - Well, I know that we know where his Elvis's wart is.
 It's in a museum in America.
 There's, remember, possibly his toenail
 that we've mentioned.
 - Yes, yeah.
 - So, you know, bits of Elvis are all over the shop.
 - That's a really good argument.
 - James, stop this interminable debate and tell us.
 - The answer is that Elvis Presley's dental crown
 was $10,000, whereas John Lennon's tooth was $31,000.
 - Yes!
 - So, three times more for John Lennon.
 - Fuck it, Murray.
 - But that's a crown.
 That's different.
 It's a crown, although he was the king.
 - Exactly.
 So, they do, they call it the king's crown.
 (laughing)
 And it was worn by Elvis Presley
 until he cracked it on a microphone
 while performing in Las Vegas in 1971.
 And they eventually found its way
 into the collection of Michael Zuck.
 And Michael Zuck also bought one of John Lennon's
 extracted teeth, which Lennon had given
 to his housekeeper.jallet.
 - Wow.
 - A weird move.
 Let's say a weird move.
 - It's not, it's not.
 - Unless his housekeeper asked for it.
 - Look how much it's worth.
 If you were as famous as Elvis or John Lennon,
 if I cut off a fingernail, if I cut a strand of hair,
 hand it to someone, it's gonna make them money.
 You are, your whole body is worth stuff.
 I think it's a wonderful present.
 - I've got a question about the Elvis thing,
 which is that you said he cracked his crown
 on a microphone during a gig.
 Now look, I'm not saying our gigs go like Elvis's.
 I'm not saying our audiences are as raucous,
 but that's quite the gig where you're shoving your microphone
 into your mouth to the extent it cracks a dental crown.
 - I don't think he was shoving his microphone
 into his mouth.
 I think it's probably more of an accidental kind of
 swinging it around that it hits you in the face.
 I don't think he was deep-throating the microphone.
 - No, no, if you watch concerts, that was his style.
 He sang from the back of the throat
 and he took that literally.
 So he would throw it all the way back.
 (laughing)
 Hey, just, I was looking into,
 'cause this gold tooth is a relic.
 And I was just looking at other political leader relics
 that we still have.
 And have you guys heard of Chairman Mao's mango?
 - No.
 - Is it like Elizabeth Brown in Spanish?
 - This was basically during the Cultural Revolution,
 there was a big fight that happened
 when one of the universities in Beijing,
 Tsinghua University, and Mao sent 30,000 workers
 to try and stop all of the sort of weird groups
 that were breaking out and causing ruckus
 in China at the time, sent these workers to stop that.
 And there was a huge fight there.
 The workers were not prepared for the fight
 'cause they basically came with just pictures
 of Chairman Mao, a little red book,
 whereas the other people had like bricks and spears and acid.
 And so it was a huge fight.
 And eventually these workers won.
 And as a reward, Chairman Mao gave them 40 mangoes.
 Mao never gave presents.
 And so it was seen as a high, high honor.
 But the main thing was that no one in Northern China
 at this point really knew what mangoes were.
 So all of them were just staying up at night,
 looking at it, smelling them, caressing them.
 And they were thinking we need to make sure
 that this mango, this special thing
 that he's given to us remains with us.
 And so they had it waxed and they put it in from aldehyde
 and they made sure that it just stayed proper.
 And as a result, it got taken everywhere
 and everyone was looking at Chairman Mao's mango.
 The Communist Party seeing this
 turned it into a propaganda thing.
 So there was merchandise that you could buy.
 Everywhere you went, there were like tin cups
 with mangoes on them and so on.
 And it became this massive thing, the Chairman Mao mango.
 - Doesn't it slightly go against the principles
 held within the little red book
 to turn your mango into merchandise?
 - How does Mao feel about that?
 - I don't think it's that granular on the detail.
 - Yeah.
 - The little red book.
 It probably does go against the principles,
 but there's a loophole I'm sure.
 - Okay, it's the mango loophole.
 - Flog your mango around the place.
 - We talk about this on QI, I don't know if it ever went out,
 but the question that we asked was,
 how mad could a mango make a mango?
 - Ah, nice. - Very nice.
 - What was the answer to how?
 - How mad could a mango make a mango?
 - Well, the answer was the anecdote that you just told me.
 - Ah, was it?
 That went out on QI, didn't it?
 - I don't know if it was really with a format of QI, Dan,
 but often there's not just like one straight answer.
 It's sometimes a bit of a left field thing.
 - I, yeah, I should start watching that show.
 (laughing)
 - There's one piece of material
 that's lasted a very long time,
 which probably you'll all be familiar with.
 - Oh yeah.
 - And that is the Virgin Mary toast.
 So can everyone, can you remember the toast,
 the famous toast with the face of the Virgin Mary?
 - Yeah, okay, it's what it sounds like.
 Yeah, it was sort of, I think it was a big hit.
 It was like the biggest celebrity of the '90s,
 along with the Spice Girls.
 1996, this woman was eating toast, Diana Doyser,
 and she took a tiny bite of her toast
 and then realized the Virgin Mary's face
 was staring up at her.
 And so she preserved it in between two bits of hard plastic.
 - She should have preserved it between two pieces of cheese.
 That would have made it an anti-sandwich
 and would have made it worth even more.
 You could have put it in between two slices of bread
 and had like a toast sandwich,
 which is something that you can eat, isn't it?
 - Yes, absolutely.
 A club sandwich is kind of like that, isn't it?
 - Yeah, I feel like we're not going
 to the point of Anna's story here.
 - I'm not sure there is a point to this story,
 but let's hear it out.
 Apparently she was as big as the Spice Girls.
 I look forward to hearing about the reunion tour
 and her getting her own movie.
 - Well, you may be surprised.
 So none of your solutions afforded the Virgin Mary
 the kind of respect that Diana wanted to,
 'cause she's a devout Christian.
 So she preserved it and she said,
 she had like 10 years of good luck.
 She won $70,000 in a casino because of this toast.
 And then it was picked up by--
 - Is there more detail on that or not?
 - Yeah, whispered over her ear.
 - Put it all on bread.
 (all laughing)
 - Put it all on bread.
 (all laughing)
 - She kept a piece of toast,
 thinking this will bring me luck.
 And then in the next decade, she won 70 grand.
 If you don't think that's 'cause of the toast,
 then that's your problem.
 - Sure, it's just a way to wear the crust.
 - Oh my God.
 (all laughing)
 - Anyway, it's now held by another casino,
 GoldenPalace.com,
 which is a casino known for collecting
 these strange modern day relics.
 And they bought it for $28,000.
 - Oh, wow.
 Is that why the house always wins?
 Because they've got the ultimate sort of talisman there.
 - Yes, exactly.
 That is very lucky.
 - As they said, when they bought it off her,
 our customers are really gonna get a kick
 out of seeing this sandwich.
 And they actually paid for her to go on tour with it
 and to the Taj Mahal and to Red Square.
 - The Taj Mahal.
 - To the Eiffel Tower.
 (all laughing)
 - Wow.
 - It was very nice for Diana,
 who said she'd never been on holiday in her life.
 She'd spent her life looking after her elderly parents.
 She got to do this world tour.
 - She must have had a real,
 wry smile on her face as she got off the plane.
 - Oh yeah, 'cause that's the type of bread, isn't it?
 - Absolutely.
 Maybe it was a whole grin.
 (all laughing)
 There's another toothy relic that I found.
 Actually, it's more of just a wonderful tooth removal
 than a relic.
 I don't know if the tooth has been preserved.
 But it was from 2015.
 And it was a young girl called Ellie Clay.
 And she had her tooth removed by javelin.
 So someone stood 100 meters away and threw a javelin
 and it just lunded directly in her face
 while the tooth was.
 - That would have been very impressive.
 They did it in reverse, the health and safety nuts.
 Her father was an Olympic javelin thrower
 and she had a very loose tooth.
 And so they tied a bit of dental floss
 carefully around the tooth.
 They tied the dental floss to a javelin,
 I guess a very long bit of dental floss.
 And then he just chucked the javelin 30 meters.
 They made sure it was a really loose tooth
 before they did it, obviously.
 So she didn't go flying after it.
 - And her whole family have these crazy methods
 of removing teeth.
 They've done it by putting a bit of floss
 on the family dog's collar
 and then getting the dog to run off.
 That's one thing I've tried.
 Lots of stuff.
 - That actually wasn't a removal attempt.
 The dog was just stolen midway through a wall, wasn't it?
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that in the 1920s,
 thousands of people with the surname Drake
 fought a legal battle to inherit
 Sir Francis Drake's fortune.
 - Wow.
 - This is just an amazing scam that was pulled.
 And it was based on a rumor
 that's basically been going around since Francis Drake died.
 And he didn't really have any direct descendants
 and everyone claimed that he had hidden fortune
 that wasn't inherited by anyone and that's sitting somewhere.
 And fast forward to 1914.
 It starts with these con artists.
 There's a woman called Sadie Whitaker
 and she's going around Iowa claiming her cousin's heir
 to this ancient Drake fortune,
 which is now just worth so much
 because it's gained so much interest over the last 300 years.
 And she swindles this Iowa farm woman out of $6,000
 'cause she convinces her that if she buys shares
 in this schemed kind of retrieve Francis Drake's lost wealth,
 then she'll get a cut in it.
 Now this woman's son, this poor farm woman's son,
 is a guy called Oscar Hartzell,
 who rather than going to defend his mother's honor and money,
 thinks, what a good trick, I'm gonna build on that.
 And he joins up with them
 and Oscar Hartzell sets up the Francis Drake Association.
 He writes to thousands of people across the state
 that are cross America with the name Drake saying,
 Francis Drake's fortune is being held
 by the British government, those bastards.
 We've got to wrench it back.
 You're probably all related to him.
 You pay me some money and I'll go and get it for you.
 - It's so convincing. - Yeah.
 It's so convincing that I feel like I want to sign up to it
 despite not being called Drake and state.
 - Well, it doesn't matter.
 It doesn't matter that you're not called Drake.
 This was his genius.
 He had 70,000 people signed up,
 including people not called Drake.
 He just opened it up.
 Everyone, get in, get in.
 - He expanded.
 He suddenly went, hang on, people really are idiots.
 I'm gonna make this a bit bigger.
 - Who got the money in the end?
 Was it the rapper or?
 - That's where it is.
 - You can spend as much time rapping now.
 It's certainly not through album sales.
 I'll tell you that much.
 That's unfair.
 I'm sure he sells very well.
 (laughing)
 - That is the most handy thing I've ever heard
 in my entire life.
 - Oh, I'm sure.
 Young Drake, I'm sure he does very well for himself.
 - Mr. Drake.
 So there's no money, is there?
 - No.
 - A complete nest of lies from the top to the finish, yeah.
 - Once someone dies, if they have a will,
 after 30 years, if you don't sort it out,
 then it all goes to the crown.
 So there wouldn't be any money anyway,
 even if there was some money.
 But I think in the end, it went to his wife
 or his brother or something.
 Like, they know where it went.
 - Yeah, it went to a nephew or something of his in the end.
 There was nothing very exciting about it.
 But everyone was so convinced
 that this guy was telling the truth,
 that the FBI actually investigated
 what had happened to Francis Drake's money
 in the late 1500s.
 - It's just brilliant.
 - And like you say, it concluded it had gone to his wife
 and then down to some of his descendants.
 But the details, the details were so convincing
 because he said it was worth about a hundred billion pounds.
 I'm not sure whether that's in modern money
 or in 1930s money,
 'cause that would presumably have bought America.
 But one of the things he said was the entire city of Plymouth,
 that happens to be part of the Drake estate.
 So...
 - Yeah, he said, I think he went up
 to 400 billion at one stage,
 'cause he kind of just said different amounts all the time.
 And he said that as soon as he got the money,
 obviously everyone would get the bit that they asked for.
 They would get a return on their money.
 But he said that he was gonna go back to America
 and he was gonna buy up,
 I think Missouri and the IOR and a few other states
 and he was gonna put a big fence around them
 and just live in them, that's what he claimed.
 - His powers of persuasion just sound extraordinary.
 'Cause once he got back to America,
 he was taken to trial in 1933.
 And yet, even though he was being held accountable for it,
 he still managed to get people
 who were subscribing to this scheme
 to contribute $350,000 in legal defense fund
 to make sure he didn't go to jail.
 He did go to jail.
 He got given a 10-year sentence.
 And even then, still, his agents were able to claw
 another half million dollars from these subscribers
 to make sure that he was doing okay.
 - It is, I mean, it's kind of because it was presented
 as an investment.
 People were told, this is an investment
 to fund the legal case, to fight the British government
 and get this money out of them, which we know is there.
 And if you invest $1 for every dollar you will invest,
 you will get 500 back.
 That was the idea.
 And so when you put it like that,
 it starts to sound like, oh, well, I am spending now,
 but it's an investment, you know?
 - Yeah.
 And also, it sort of makes sense.
 Given what we know these days
 about how irrationally people can act,
 it makes sense that it actually convinced people even more
 when he was convicted that what he'd said was true,
 because it was like, well, why has the British government
 turned against him like this?
 Why have they put him in prison?
 He's obviously onto them.
 - They want to keep Plymouth.
 - You know, the same way that--
 - They're desperate to cling on to the beauties of Plymouth
 and they will not let it go.
 - Exactly.
 But it's just like today when you get someone like Alex Jones
 or a conspiracy theorist, right?
 And then people jump down their throats.
 And then that makes their supporters,
 their knee-jerk reaction is to dig down even harder
 and say, well, he's definitely telling the truth.
 - Yes, yeah.
 So Francis Drake?
 - Yeah.
 - Who, we haven't really said who he is yet,
 just for the benefit of any listeners
 who are not up on their Drake.
 He was a pirate, privateer,
 all-round coastal bandit,
 mayor of Plymouth, briefly.
 - British hero or pirates, would you say?
 - British hero, slave trader.
 It's so hard to tell where one begins on the other end.
 - Most likely known.
 He was the first Englishman to circumnavigate the globe.
 - Yes.
 - Is possibly what he's most known for.
 - Or possibly most well-known for the Spanish Armada
 being the supposed head of--
 - Yes.
 - No, he wasn't the head of the Spanish Armada.
 He was the opposite of that.
 - He was the opposite of that.
 - Quite the reverse, yeah, yeah.
 He was the tail of the Spanish Armada.
 He supposedly was the head of the force that defeated it, yeah.
 Yeah, I mean, like a really mixed career,
 did start out as a slave trader
 and then became a great English hero.
 So, you know, definitely a mixed scorecard, I would say.
 - An English hero for the time,
 which basically meant he stole shed loads of money
 off other countries and handed it to Queen Elizabeth,
 which, you know, that's how you wanna make a penny.
 - That was the benchmark in those days for English hero.
 Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
 He seems like a very difficult man to get along with.
 On one of his voyages,
 he accused his second in command of witchcraft
 and had a show trial and then had his head chopped off.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - Doughty.
 - Thomas Doughty.
 Not Doughty enough to resist having his head chopped off,
 I don't know.
 - Well, I doubt he thought much of that trial.
 - Oh boy.
 I doubt he would like to hear us talking about him
 in this way.
 (laughing)
 - He had a sense of humor, actually, Thomas Doughty.
 So perhaps he would have loved this.
 Yeah, he allegedly, once he was told
 that he was gonna be beheaded by Drake,
 basically unfairly for bitching about Drake behind his back.
 He said, "Can I take communion with you first?"
 And then according to accounts that were pro and anti Drake,
 they both took communion together
 and then had a great laugh and a banter and a chat
 about the good old days when they were friends.
 And then Drake chopped his head off.
 And in fact, Drake offered him,
 and now this is according to Drake's nephew
 who wrote an account,
 which was based on diaries of people at the time.
 But apparently Drake said,
 "Look, 'cause I feel bad about this whole unjustly
 beheading you thing.
 Do you want me to shoot you instead?
 Because then you will have been shot by a gentleman."
 And that's nicer, isn't it?
 - Wow.
 - And Doughty said,
 "Thanks, that's so sweet of you to offer,
 but I'll just go for the straight up beheading."
 - Right.
 - It's quite a weird incident,
 but it's hard to tell, isn't it?
 'Cause there are so many pro-Drake and anti-Drake
 but it's a propaganda over the last 300 years.
 You don't know if it was a goody or a bady to work for.
 - Yeah.
 Well, there was one bad thing.
 When they went round the world,
 second navigator of the world,
 and they took a woman from El Salvador
 and she got pregnant and they dumped her on an island.
 And then what you're saying about propaganda,
 a few years later, Shakespeare wrote "The Tempest"
 and there is a character, Sycorax,
 who is an African woman who is dumped on an island,
 I think got pregnant.
 And there is an idea suggested, probably true,
 that Shakespeare based that on this woman, Mariah.
 - Oh, wow.
 - That is interesting.
 - That's so interesting about the idea
 that there was superstitions and witchcraft
 that you were mentioning in relation to Doughty
 because Drake was the kind of guy
 who other Spanish mariners would create these tales about
 as if he did have these amazing abilities.
 There was all these rumors that went around him.
 There was the rumor that he possessed a magic mirror
 that allowed him to spy on the locations
 of the ships on the sea.
 They just thought, how could he know where our ships were?
 - If they were behind him, for instance,
 he'd be able to spy on them.
 - Exactly.
 They thought he had sort of contact with witches from Devon
 and that he could raise storms against the Spanish Armada.
 Just so many of these weird tales.
 There was a tale that Elizabeth Sydenham,
 who he was in love with
 and she wanted to marry him,
 but the family said that this was not going to happen.
 And then he went off and she got bored.
 She was about to marry someone.
 On the day that she was meant to marry him,
 a huge cannonball fell at her feet
 that had been fired from Drake's cannon
 from across the world in order to stop the wedding.
 That was a story that went around.
 - Actually, Drake was just trying to remove a tooth, wasn't he?
 (laughing)
 That's completely misinterpreted.
 - Imagine that if you say that line in the wedding,
 does anyone here have any reason?
 And everyone's sort of sniggering behind their hands.
 So I wonder if someone will say something
 that a massive cannonball lands in the middle of the church.
 - Yeah, she did later marry Drake.
 They did get married.
 But yeah, that was one of the stories.
 He was full of all these abilities.
 - I've just got one more thing,
 which is another 1930s Francis Drake-based swindle.
 This was the story of a young man
 who went for a hike in San Francisco Bay in 1936,
 and he found a metal plate on the ground.
 He didn't think much of it,
 but his friends pointed out,
 "It appeared to say Francis Drake on it."
 And so he said, "All right, I'll get it checked out."
 He took it to a professor at the University of California
 called Herbert Bolton,
 who was a world expert on the history of the Americas.
 And when Bolton saw this plate,
 he became unbelievably excited.
 He said, "This is the Drake plate."
 It proves that he arrived in California.
 There was a story that Drake, when he reached California,
 he left a brass plate there with some writing on,
 "And this looked like it."
 Nearly 400 years later,
 this is a seminal piece of the history of the world.
 This proves something incredible.
 The spelling looked legit.
 The language on it looked legit.
 And this was announced with great brouhaha.
 There was some people who doubted it,
 but it was announced as being real.
 And then in 1977, there was a celebration of 400 years
 since Drake had reached California,
 and it was tested, and it was so, so clearly a fake.
 There was way too much zinc.
 It had been cut around the edges by a metal saw,
 which hadn't existed at the time.
 And the awful thing was,
 Herbert Bolton, the professor, had students
 who knew how interested he was in this subject.
 They had made a fake plate,
 and they had left it for someone to find.
 He had found it, and he spent the rest of his life
 believing in it.
 And the problem was he had gone public so quickly,
 and he had got so excited
 that his students were too embarrassed to say,
 "It's not real, we fake the whole thing."
 So he went to his grave believing in the plate.
 - Oh, well, that's all right.
 - And then he went to his grave.
 (laughing)
 - That's fine.
 - I guess you're right, yeah, yeah.
 - That plate is really interesting,
 or the idea that Drake sort of claimed
 that part of California for England,
 and said, "Okay, this land mass is now ours."
 When, of course, the Spanish were kind of working
 their way up through Mexico and through that side.
 The Spanish were really, really annoyed about this.
 But the lucky thing was that they ran
 all of the map makers,
 or rather, the map makers were mostly in, like,
 Netherlands and Belgium and stuff,
 but they were in charge of that area.
 And so they got all the map makers to pretend
 that California was an island.
 And you know, you see those old maps
 where California was an island?
 Well, that was the Spanish basically saying,
 "This thing that Francis Drake has claimed for England
 "is not the whole of America,
 "it's just a little kind of island on the side."
 - Right.
 - So technically, if California is English property,
 but Plymouth belongs to the States,
 should we just have an exchange now
 and keep things the same?
 - I think no one can argue with that,
 can they?
 If we get California and they get Plymouth.
 - It's a win-win, guys.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that 20th century
 American science fiction works include the titles
 "Servants of the Wank" and "Planet of the Knobheads."
 - Oh, aren't we all, in a way, "Servants of the Wank"?
 (both laughing)
 - So these were legit books that were published.
 "Planet of the Knobheads" published in 1939
 by Stanton A. Koblenz,
 and in 1969, "Servants of the Wank" was published,
 and that was by Jack Vance.
 - I think British readers might not recognize
 "Servants of the Wank"
 'cause it got renamed in Britain
 because for obvious reasons, yeah.
 - Well, it's not spelled the same.
 I mean, I'm not convinced we're pronouncing it right.
 Very clearly to me, it looks like "Servants of the Wank."
 - The wanker?
 (both laughing)
 - That's just not funny.
 - It is, it's spelled W-A-N-K-H.
 I would say it's wank, like with like, lock, like lock.
 - Yeah, wank, wank.
 - I don't know, Anna.
 For someone who humorously mispronounced
 the perfectly ordinary name, Pusy,
 as pussy for comic effect, I don't think
 you're gonna like to stand on.
 - Did you read the, did you read the synopsis
 of any of these "Servants of the Wank" down, for instance?
 - I did, give it to us, it's brilliant.
 - A couple of humans land on a planet
 and there's loads of different groups there.
 One of them are the wank.
 Basically, there's a group called the wank men.
 And the wank men are the "Servants of the Wank"
 that the humans who are working under the wank.
 - Well, it's Adam Wreath, isn't it?
 It's this guy who crashes onto the planet
 and he needs to get off, so his ship doesn't work.
 So he needs to steal the wank spaceship
 in order to get out of there, is the main plot.
 - Well, yeah, but then you've got all these four groups
 who are fighting against each other
 and you've got the wank men who, it turns out,
 have been destroying anything that the wank
 have been making to try and make a war
 between the wank and another group called the deer deer.
 And when the wank find out that the wank men
 have been destroying all of their wank machines,
 then they expel the wank men from the wank cities.
 And this guy who Dan's talking about gets to leave
 on his spaceship.
 - Yeah.
 - It's a happy ending, you might say.
 (laughing)
 - Are you all right, Andy?
 - I'm all right.
 Oh my God.
 - We'll get for that as you were in.
 (laughing)
 - Look, for the listener,
 Andy did actually just blow his nose with a tissue.
 - The wank men, they serve the wank.
 But yes, what is the wank?
 - Well, the wank is a group of people and they're on war,
 but the wank men want to keep the status quo
 because they want to carry on the cushy lives
 looking after the wank.
 And so they're kind of causing mayhem.
 But actually, when the wank find out about the wank men
 destroying all their stuff, then they get expelled.
 - And Adam doesn't seem to be the first human there
 because there are other human wank men who are there.
 They serve under the wank and they handle
 all the communication between the wank masters
 and the rest of the people who live on the planet.
 - Yeah.
 I feel like I've gone into like a Dungeons and Dragons
 discussion group or something after hours
 or like, you know, game of thrones, fan clubs, been off.
 Are we gonna go through the whole plot of wankers
 or whatever it's called?
 - That was the plot.
 That's the plot.
 - That's it.
 - Oh my God.
 - He had to change the title in the end,
 as James says, when it came to Britain
 because I think they thought, Anna's probably right,
 the H might be pronounced differently,
 but why don't we not take any risks?
 So they changed it to, I think,
 what was another alien species on there
 called the Chesh or the Chash.
 And the wank were renamed the Wannick.
 So W-A-N-N-E-K.
 - Okay, okay.
 - Imagine being the author, Jack Vance,
 having to go back and just one by one change wank to Wannick.
 - He must be able to control H or a control H
 or a control G or whatever it is.
 - Well, it's 1969.
 We didn't have that.
 - Isn't it funny that it's 69?
 It's just a whole nother layer
 that I hadn't realized until just then.
 - Jack Vance, author of the wank,
 was a really interesting guy.
 He, yeah, he was a fascinating author.
 He wrote sci-fi all his life
 and amazing works of fantasy, huge great works,
 pioneered the dying earth genre.
 In fact, I think this work
 was part of his Dying Earth series,
 but Vance himself was an electrician at Pearl Harbor
 when he was in the US Navy,
 but he left, he was discharged with prejudice,
 very bored of Navy life,
 and he got home a week before Pearl Harbor,
 Pearl Harbor before the bombings.
 So he really luckily dodged that.
 - Sorry, when you say he was discharged with prejudice,
 what is that?
 - So usually with prejudice means
 that it's like a final legal decision
 and you can't appeal it or anything like that.
 So I guess probably it might be dishonorable discharge
 with prejudice, which means that you're out
 when you can't come back, I'm not sure.
 - Got it, yeah.
 - Ironically, for a man who wrote
 a book called Servants of the Wank,
 he left with a dishonorable discharge.
 So...
 (laughing)
 But he, after the USA entered the war,
 he got back into the Navy,
 and this is the crazy thing.
 He had very bad eyesight.
 No jokes, please. - Ironically, again?
 - No, no, no, no, no.
 He got into the merchant Navy by memorizing an eye chart,
 and that was how he got in, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - But you don't know what eye chart
 you're gonna get, do you?
 Are they all the same?
 - Must be, yeah.
 - What?
 You're kidding?
 We could all just memorize the eye chart
 and cheat the eye test.
 - Why do you wanna do that?
 - I think there are three or four eye charts now, Anna.
 And also, yeah, absolutely don't cheat on your eye test.
 It's not, there's not a pass mark for the eye test.
 (laughing)
 There's no reward for passing,
 apart from a continued bad sight, if you cheat.
 - I like to do well.
 (laughing)
 - So I thought I would see if the word Wank with KH
 has found its way in literature any other times in history.
 And so I went onto Google books to look for instances
 of the word Wank with W-A-N-K-H.
 And they only found two examples.
 One is a book called "Penciled Frown" by James Gray,
 which is a 1925 satire about the newspaper industry.
 And I'll just give you a quote.
 "One man made primitive sounds as he played his cards,
 "expressive of complacent confidence in his strategies.
 "Wank said the player,
 "said the player in triumph.
 "Wank, Wank, Wank, Wank and Wank.
 "At each utterance, a card was flung on the table."
 (laughing)
 - Okay, what was this word?
 Never used before or since.
 - It's just an onomatopoeic word of, you know,
 triumph, I think.
 - Right, he's just trying to invent a new exclamation.
 - Yeah, and the only other example
 of the word Wank I can find in the whole of history
 of literature, according to Google books,
 is from a systematic and ecological study
 of birds of New Guinea by Dylan Ripley.
 And it's about the collared brush turkey.
 It says this species was common on the Tami River
 in heavy evergreen forest.
 It's called Wank, Wank.
 (laughing)
 In an ascending scale was frequent morning and evening,
 and presumably more common as egg laying was in progress.
 So there you are.
 - Wow, very cool.
 And James Harkins' book club will return next month.
 (laughing)
 - So I found Planet of the Knobhead's a bit harder
 to get sort of blurb on.
 I only found a few bits.
 Did you guys find any?
 There was, the bit I saw was that it's the story
 of newlyweds, Jack and Marjorie Wainwright,
 who are big stars in the scientific world.
 And then they get kidnapped by aliens.
 They get taken to this Knobhead planet
 and they meet high nobule.
 And there's just a line that was put in there,
 which I can't tell, someone was writing a blurb,
 but then added this line.
 I think it might be an extract.
 It's a line that just says,
 in about a week I had recovered
 from most of the effects of the Knob operation.
 So little hints as to what happens in the plot,
 but not too sure.
 - Did you read sort of like the digest?
 Was this the blinkest digest about the Knobhead's you got?
 - The word Knobhead originally meant
 like the end of a cane or the end of a screw,
 for instance, any kind of knobby bit on the end of it.
 - Well, if you see the aliens in it,
 they look very robotic
 and they have giant knobs on their head.
 And so, hence the Knobheads.
 - So we talked about science fiction,
 the origin of science fiction on our comic relief marathon,
 but I don't think we've mentioned it here.
 So Hugo Gernsback is the person
 who coined the term science fiction.
 He sort of thought of as the father of science fiction.
 He founded a magazine in the 1920s, devoted to it.
 It was called Amazing Stories.
 And the Hugo's are the awards
 that are named after him, science fiction awards.
 In the early days, he referred to it as scientific fiction.
 And then it became science fiction over the years.
 But he hated the Hugo awards
 because he thought that they didn't award science fiction.
 So basically the first nine winners of the awards,
 he said only one of them was a natural piece
 of science fiction. - Really?
 - All the rest were fantasy.
 - Wow. - He was very strict
 about what it was.
 It has to be, it has to have three components.
 It has to have charming romance.
 It has to have thrilling adventure
 and it has to have scientific facts.
 - Wow, 'cause two of those things
 have nothing to do with science fiction.
 - And not according to Hugo,
 the creator of sci-fi, I'm afraid.
 - Yeah, but it sounds like he didn't know
 what it was nine times in a row.
 So I think I'm on the side of the award organizers.
 - To be fair to him, I think he was on your side, Dan,
 and he said these don't contain enough scientific facts.
 So he wanted them to be educational.
 Like 25% of each science fiction book
 should be educational.
 - That's a high bar to clear.
 25%? - Yes.
 - Hey, you know, so famous science fiction writers,
 Isaac Asimov has to be right up there in the top five, really.
 And he's famous for the three laws of robotics.
 But do you guys know how many actual laws there are
 in the three laws of robotics?
 - Well, I've read those books, iRobot books, right?
 And I thought it was like, first one is,
 they can't do any harm.
 And the second one is something like,
 unless there's danger is gonna happen to a human,
 then they can do some harm or something.
 And I can't remember what the third one was.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 A robot may not injure a human being.
 Is the first one, there's more to that.
 A robot must obey the orders given by human beings,
 except when such orders would conflict with the first law.
 And then the third law, a robot must protect
 its own existence as long as such protection
 does not conflict with the first or second law.
 - So those were the three and he revised them a few times.
 - Sorry, can I just ask, are these the three laws
 within a piece of fiction?
 What's the laws, where are they applying?
 - Basically, he wrote all these stories
 that basically use those three laws as your trick.
 And every single one of the stories
 has uses those as a trick, don't they, I think?
 - Yes, yeah, exactly.
 He just created the sort of the rules of sci-fi
 for robots with this.
 So he revised them a number of times during his lifetime,
 but then he decided to add another law.
 But obviously, very annoying to have to rewrite
 and call it the four laws of robotics.
 So he managed to do it.
 He added the fourth law in by going backwards.
 So there's a zero-
 - Oh, that's, yeah, that's standard, I think.
 Like there's a zero-floor of thermodynamics as well
 inside, so a few things like that, yeah.
 - That's the equivalent of going back
 and changing Wank to Wanek all the way through, isn't it?
 - Yes, yeah, exactly.
 So there's actually four laws in the three laws of robotics
 and that fourth one is a robot may not harm humanity
 or by an action allow humanity to come to harm.
 - A high bar to clear.
 - I read about the first ever sci-fi convention.
 - Oh, yes, yeah.
 - This was a fundraiser by a man called Dr. Herbert Tippitz
 who was the founder of London's West End Hospital
 and School of Massage and Electricity.
 And he'd read this book by Edward Bulllitton
 called "Real the Power of the Coming Race."
 And he thought, "What a great idea.
 "I will set up a little convention
 "where people can dress up as characters from this book
 "and it'll make us a load of money for my hospital."
 And so he did.
 He spent an absolute ton of money setting it up.
 There was magic shows, it was kind of
 like an Egyptian style bit of sci-fi.
 So everyone dressed in all these Egyptian garbs,
 sometimes in ancient Greek clothing.
 Everyone got these little glasses of bovril
 because there was a magic fluid called Vril in this book.
 And the company that was making beef extract drinks
 decided to rebrand and call themselves bovril
 in honor of this amazing book.
 People could go along, there was a demon dog
 who could read minds that you could go and see.
 There was all sorts of stuff happening,
 but then basically it didn't go according to plan.
 There was a critic writing in the magazine Truth
 who said, "A more humiliating display of witless
 "and purell fantasticalities was never designed."
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 - And everyone basically hated it.
 It was supposed to run for three days.
 They actually ran for five days,
 but not because everyone wanted to go,
 it was just because so few people went
 that they wanted to get one or two more people
 through the door so they could make some of the money back.
 And the guy lost 1,600 pounds
 rather than making any money for his hospitals
 and declared himself bankrupt.
 - Wow. - Such a shame.
 - That whole thing, it feels like it's an argument
 for the fact that we never develop time travel
 in our history because obviously time travelers
 would all want to go to the first ever sci-fi convention
 because that would be an amazing thing.
 And that guy would have coined it in
 if we ever invented time travel.
 - That sounds like a really good kind of meta sci-fi story
 to say of all the time travelers going back there.
 - I think that's probably the real reason
 they extended it for two days
 because they think in the future
 we're gonna have to up the capacity limit here
 for when all the time travelers come back.
 Yeah, and they had this whole thing,
 they had an opening ceremony
 where they had Prince Henry and Princess Beatrice
 of Battenburg come and do the official opening
 and they were accepting donations right from the get go
 as soon as they announced the opening
 where people who were representatives of organizations
 would approach them and they would drop purses filled
 with donations in front of them.
 So it looked like, oh, the money's coming in,
 this is a huge success.
 And one of the things they discovered afterwards
 when money was not being made
 and all the things had gone wrong
 is that the purses that were being dropped were all props
 and there was nothing in there.
 And so they didn't even have that to rely on, yeah.
 - Come on, Battenburgs,
 they should have just done a cake sale to you.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shriberland, James.
 - @JamesHarkin.
 - Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email podcast@QI.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account
 which is @NoSuchThing or our website,
 nosuchthingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Also do check out the dates for our upcoming tour.
 We're back on the road, we'd love to see you there.
 But until then, we'll be back again next week
 with another episode and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
