 Afternoon all, you must know by now if you've been paying attention over the last couple of months
 that I have for some reason committed to traveling the country with these three upcoming idiots.
 We are going to all sorts of exotic places like Ipswich, Barnstable, Pool, Reading,
 Peterborough, Chesterfield, but popping over to Dublin, we're going up to Scotland,
 few locations there. Obviously, sitting on a tour bus for months on end with Dan, James and Andy
 is not how any sane person would choose to spend their time. The only thing that's going to make
 it bearable is if you guys come along too, please know such things at fish.com has all the details,
 get tickets, come and watch us. There'll be an exclusive first half which will never be available
 anywhere else and then we'll be doing a different podcast every night for the second half. See you there.
 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting at a humongous distance
 from Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and Anna Tyshinski and once again we have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go. Starting with fact number one and that's my fact, my fact this week is that
 it would take people around 10 minutes to adjust to the way Abraham Lincoln sounded before they
 could enjoy his speeches. Wow. So the first 10 minutes of his speeches always really shit because
 he knows it has to be filler and at the 10 minute mark he launches into the real stuff. He does the
 whole what do you do, what's your job, you know, emceeing moments. Hang on Dan, Abraham Lincoln's
 most famous speech was the Gettysburg Address where I believe he spoke for two minutes.
 And also his most famous line is the first line of that address isn't it? Oh no, yeah you're right.
 It's true. Oh I would say it was the last line so it's the last line. Wasn't it Shall Not Parish from
 the Earth line? Yes it was the first line, four score. I really would have gone the four score
 as the big line. Would you? And I would go by the people too, the people four the people with the
 people. You didn't understand the first minute and a half though did you? That's true because I
 was so distracted by his weird voice. What's his weird voice? Did he have an accent? He did have an
 accent but he also had a much higher voice than you would think so I guess all of us probably had
 an introduction to Abraham Lincoln's supposed voice through the movies and so on. For me it was
 Bill and Ted's Excellent Adventure and Incredibly Low. I watched that this weekend. Did you? Well
 you would have seen it then. My niece had never seen it, she's only nine and so yeah. Right.
 Introduced her to it, it's brilliant. It's a fantastic movie. Talk about that.
 So he comes out at the end and he does the four score and it's a very baritone
 war score and that's what we know is Lincoln but all of the contemporary accounts of his
 speeches say that he had a tenor's voice, a much higher voice and as a result there's a historian
 called Harold Holzer who's written over 40 books on both Lincoln and the Civil War and he found
 that there were all these accounts of journalists saying that for the first 10 minutes people just
 really had to adjust to both the accent and the sound matched with this tall human who was quite
 gangly and just putting all the things together. It took 10 minutes before they could settle in
 and go oh okay he's actually saying amazing stuff. It sounds like a really weird voice
 all because obviously no recording. Your good at voices, Adley, can you do us a little?
 He had a thin tenor or rather falsetto voice almost as high-pitched as a Boson's whistle.
 All the reviews are so negative of him. The New York Herald said he had a frequent tendency
 to dwindle into a shrill and unpleasant sound. It just sounds yeah. Some people think it was
 useful though because like there were some famous debates he did with a guy called Stephen A. Douglas
 and he had quite a baritone voice Stephen A. Douglas but they think that maybe in a big crowd
 the baritone might sometimes get lost there and the people at the back will be able to hear the
 high pitch sounds better. Yes, how interesting. Is that like when your neighbours are having a party
 and you can hear the bass much more indistinctly but the high stuff is what really annoys you?
 Yeah. For me it's the bass. Is that a joke? No. The bass is the annoying bit right? The bass is
 the bit that keeps you. Yes, you're right. Okay, so it's like the opposite of my life with my neighbours.
 It's another brilliant analogy from Andy Murray. The whole thing of it being the voice being low,
 the first time I think I've then heard the higher voices when Daniel Day-Lewis played him
 in the Spielberg movie. It's a fantastic movie. It's still Bill and Ted. It's no Bill and Ted.
 Yeah, I read an article in the Library of Congress and they said that his voice is closer to that
 Daniel Day-Lewis voice than any other impression that anyone's ever done. They even said it was
 more close than the one Andy is going to do on the podcast in a few weeks' time on that article.
 So when Daniel Day-Lewis was cast for the movie, which was after Liam Neeson had to drop out,
 he spent a year prepping. Was Liam Neeson going to play Lincoln? Liam Neeson was going to play Lincoln.
 I don't know if I take a role that I was second to Liam Neeson. Well, I think Daniel Day-Lewis
 was the original choice. He said no to it and then Liam Neeson got involved and then Liam Neeson
 had a horrible role. I know, yeah. Surely then Daniel Day-Lewis said, "Oh god, fine, I will do it,
 my lord. I'm going to find whoever stole my hat and I'm going to rip their heads from the body."
 Yeah, so he took on the role and he spent a year, possibly more, prepping for it. Read over 100
 books and that's when he was trying to find the voice, the voice of Lincoln. And when he
 eventually found it - Probably reading the wrong books, wasn't he? I made an audio book.
 Well, he eventually decided on what the voice was. He recorded it with a neighbour and he posted it
 to Steven Spielberg in a package where he drew a skull and crossbones on it and put a black mark on
 it because he wanted no one but Steven Spielberg to read to hear it first. Yeah, interesting and
 exciting to be tempered with. If it was just a blank envelope, I'd be like, "Yeah, fine, I'm not
 interested in that." All of a sudden, he didn't treasure that. Exactly. I don't know what he was
 thinking. It sounds very odd filming with him because he is your classic method actor, I guess.
 Daniel Day-Lewis and he insisted on being Lincoln on set, so he talked in that voice the entire
 time on and off set for months and months when they were filming. He never didn't talk in the voice.
 He wouldn't allow any accents other than American accent around him in case that put him off his
 flow. He made everyone refer to him as Mr. President throughout filming. I think Spielberg
 insisted on that as well. Did he? Why they're both presidents? It was very confusing, battle of the
 presidents. No, no, he said, "Let's buy into this." Oh, so he said that everyone had to call Day-Lewis
 President? I believe so because he started coming in irreappropriate clothing as well as the director
 to sort of make it. Spielberg did that and Daniel Day-Lewis was not on the call sheet. Abraham
 Lincoln was on the call sheet instead. How do you dress irreappropriate as a film director if
 you're dressing for the 1860s? Surely, yeah, he just walks in and he went, "Sorry, we can't make a
 film because film hasn't been invented." Everyone go home. There's one journalist who described
 Lincoln as a slang-wanging stump speaker. That is a great phrase, isn't it? It's a really good
 phrase. He was known for being humble, which some people cast as maybe not sophisticated enough in
 his language, slang-wanging. He's wanging the slang around. His accent, we were saying before,
 was kind of different as well, right? So whenever he was supposed to say chairman, he would say
 "Cheerman." Cheerman. Cheerman. Cheerman. What about this? If he ever said "Winder." Winder.
 That's window. Window, right. Learned would be "Larrant," and he would always say "Recum" instead
 of "Assume." That sounds really different. But equally strangely, he also had a lot of misspellings
 in his written work as well, and he would often spell the word "Inaugural" wrong. Oh, yeah.
 But we think that perhaps that gives a clue as to how he spoke as well. If he spelled it slightly
 differently, maybe he spoke it that way as well. Right. Was it radically different? Did it start
 with a Q? No, it would be "Inaugural" instead of "Inaugural." Right. "Inaugural."
 And he stood so still. This was another report of the way he spoke. So his law partner was a man
 called William Herndon, and Herndon recorded that, I don't know why he said this, but he said "You
 could leave a silver dollar between his feet at the start of his speech, and it would still be
 there at the end." I have a theory for why he did this. So I was reading accounts of young Lincoln.
 I don't think he actually did that. I'm just - what do you mean? He didn't actually leave
 a dollar between his feet at the start. No, no, no, but he stood in credit. The point was
 to make the point. I thought you were saying that he had done that. I have a theory that the coin
 was magic. He used to be a busker, and he always put a few quotes there to just get people to know.
 No, my theory, which probably is an established reason as opposed to a theory,
 is when he was young, he used to sit up late at night, and he used to listen to his dad tell
 stories to all of his friends. Really funny stories. Lincoln was obsessed with them.
 So in the morning, he would go and he would find his friends, and he would tell all the stories
 that his dad had told the night before, and he would stand on a tree stump, and that is where
 he would deliver all of his speeches. So he didn't have much of a stage. He had the space
 of a tree stump, and that would have informed the lack of leg movement, which then took him
 to presidency when he was doing his inaugural speech. The Gettysburg Address was not him.
 Wow, okay, this is a crazier theory than my tree stump theory.
 This is, he stood so still because it was actually a robot. No, the Gettysburg Address
 was someone else delivered it. So really, at the event where he delivered the Gettysburg Address,
 he was supposed to be giving a very short closing dedication, which is why it was only
 two minutes long. It was just very quick. Thanks for coming, guys. Thank God these bloats gave
 their lives for the Civil War, et cetera. If there's a carriage in the park with the license plate,
 it's blocking the way you need to move your carriage. Exactly. The person who was supposed
 to give what they were calling the Gettysburg Address at the time was this great orator and
 politician, pastor, who was called Edward Everett. And his was two hours long. So that could be the
 one we all knew off by heart. Wow, really? So did he actually do that two hour speech first?
 He did a two hour speech, which means it's incredible people had the energy to listen
 to Lincoln after that. He did the two hours and then. I wonder they loved it so much.
 I think he was sick at the time as well, Lincoln, when he then gave the speech afterwards and it
 kind of bombed, I guess, after a two hour speech. Yeah, it got terrible reviews everywhere. So
 the Times said that the inauguration of the cemetery at Gettysburg was an imposing ceremony
 only rendered ludicrous by some of the luckless sallies of that poor President Lincoln.
 He got a really, yeah. And in fact, there was an apology issued in 2013 by a newspaper called
 The Patriot News, who gave him a really bad review at the time. They said it was silly remarks and
 that maybe he was drunk and that it deserved the veil of oblivion. And then in 2013, they recanted.
 Of all the things he should be apologizing for, it does feel quite far down the list.
 When did Lincoln become President? How do you all know? 1860?
 Yeah. So when do you think the first town was named after him?
 I would have guessed a few years after the Civil War or maybe soon after it.
 Okay, I'm going to go the opposite direction and say he was an influential lawyer and maybe that
 led to something. So two years before he was President as well.
 Wow. Who are you and what have you done with Dan Shriver? That is absolutely correct.
 It was 1853 because he was a lawyer. Some people who were setting up a new town brought him in to
 kind of sign the deeds and they said, would you mind if we named this town after you?
 God, that's flattering.
 That's Lincoln, Illinois, which is still there today. And at noon that day, he purchased two
 watermelons, carried them to the public square and squeezed the watermelon juice out onto the
 ground. Did he use his thighs? Call back.
 And then he said to the people, nothing bearing the name Lincoln ever amounted to much.
 So he said that they shouldn't really have called it after him.
 That's very cool.
 One thing from the time that Lincoln was President was that the White House was an
 open house at the time, which is so bizarre to think of now obviously because there are
 two miles of security around it. But people were just walking in all the time.
 You could just walk into the White House and people were free to climb in through the windows.
 They camped outside his office door.
 If it's open, why'd they go through the windows?
 Idea, actually.
 But they were demanding jobs from him. It was just, the whole thing was carnage.
 He's the president of the country.
 He must have had one room where it was like, do not enter.
 Well, he had an office.
 They had to cut it down to two, five hour sessions a week where you could just
 knock on the door and go and see him and chat to him and ask for a job.
 Ten hours a week of his working time was spent just being harangued by people
 and he called them his public opinion baths and people would just leave inventions that
 they thought he might like to look at. It's insane and he couldn't walk from the office
 to his own private living quarters without being bothered along the way by people asking for jobs
 and the White House maintenance people had to build a partition to say, no, he actually just
 needs a corridor that he can walk along without being bothered all the time.
 Corridor of power.
 Yes. It's mad.
 I suppose it's kind of like an MP surgery, isn't it today?
 Yeah.
 But, you know.
 For 10 hours a week.
 For the quarter of your working time.
 For the president of the United States.
 I know.
 I think he did more than 40 hours a week.
 Maybe at the height of the war.
 Yeah, you're right.
 And now he bothers presidents because isn't he constantly reported?
 Not constantly, but by a few, the ghost of Lincoln seen in the White House.
 Right.
 The people of, you know, presidents have said, yeah, yeah, I saw the ghost of Lincoln.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's him.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that 5,000 years ago,
 Scots built houses by dropping huge piles of stones to the bottom of locks
 and building their home on top of them.
 That's amazing.
 It's so amazing.
 It's such a weird way of doing it.
 And we don't know why they did it.
 These are things called crannogs.
 I mean, if you live in Scotland, it's very likely you know about them.
 I actually didn't know about them at all.
 Yeah, never heard of them.
 But there are about 600 of them known about so far.
 They're artificial islands that were built in locks
 and they would be connected to the shore by like a little causeway.
 And until quite recently, it was thought they'd dated back to about 800 BC.
 And then they just did some radiocarbon dating of pottery
 that's been sunken around them.
 And they found out it actually dates back to 3,600 BC.
 Oh, that's a good dough.
 Before Stonehenge, before the pyramids,
 the Scots were just piling up stones in locks
 and building a house on top for no apparent reason.
 It's not just piling stones, right?
 Like there's so much engineering that goes around it.
 Yeah, it's so impressive.
 So the word crannog is Gaelic for son of tree or young tree.
 And the idea is because they would cut these huge long timber piles
 and they ram them into the beds of the lock
 and then they would pile the stones in around them.
 So they had a solid wooden foundation.
 So you've got like a scaffold that you can stuff full.
 Yeah, I think there are different types as well,
 aren't there? There are some that are just timber.
 So they're just kind of wooden platforms
 and then there are some that are stones.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And we've tried to remake them in modern times
 and it's taken about three years to construct one
 to be in a similar, using the technology and so on.
 Drive the piles into the bed of the lock.
 Exactly.
 They have to get meters into the bed of the lock.
 And you know, that's obviously incredibly hard to do from a floating surface.
 Well, I think what happens is you put some stones
 near the shore and then you put some a little bit further away
 and a little bit further away and you put like a path
 to the middle of the lock or not the middle,
 maybe a few meters away from the edge.
 And then you build it from there.
 So you kind of make a causeway first.
 And if you look from above,
 you can kind of see the little causeway underneath the water.
 Yeah.
 And then how do you get the pile to go so deep into the bed?
 Oh yeah, I mean, it's all crazy.
 How do you do it?
 I think we'll know.
 You pile up on top like a circus trick.
 You just have people standing in front of each other.
 It's the ghost of Lincoln, I think is coming out again.
 In flyers stuff.
 If it's the Loch Ness Monster.
 It's aliens, of course it's aliens.
 No, we have no idea, do we?
 It's absolutely amazing.
 Live there until the 17th century,
 apparently the last people were living on crannogs.
 So pretty relatively recent compared with when they were built.
 I think the ones where we found the pottery,
 we're not sure if people actually lived there, right?
 Yeah.
 So the reason that we think they might not have lived
 on these particular ones is because there isn't any domestic waste around there.
 You do have these pots, there's no human remains,
 so we don't think it's a funeral thing.
 So we think it might be some kind of feast,
 maybe some kind of rite of passage, that kind of thing.
 So what has happened is people have brought some pots to this island,
 this fake island, done something,
 thrown the pots in the water and then left.
 It's a bar.
 I mean, that's obviously just a bar.
 It could be.
 Tiki bar.
 Yeah, it's a bar.
 You're pissed, you toss your pot away,
 you can't be asked to carry it home.
 It's a Scottish pub.
 The first pubs.
 It sounds so exciting being the person who discovered that they were really old.
 So they are 3,000 years older than we thought they were.
 And it was a retired navy diver called Chris Murray
 who first kind of discovered this and it was 10 years ago
 and he was just going for a dive and he saw some pots
 and then he sent them off to be analysed and turned out
 they were 5,500 years old.
 But he was saying that in 2020 he was going for a dive
 and he found a 5,500 year old drinking vessel.
 He just saw a little fragment sticking out of the mud.
 So he took it and then he took a sip of water from it
 and you can think the last time someone did this
 was over five millennia ago.
 Yeah.
 Isn't that so cool?
 It is amazing.
 Maybe people will be doing that with our old horrible ribena cartons
 and plastic festival cups in 5,000 years.
 Yeah, sure.
 What a nice thought.
 What a lovely thought.
 All the plastic will still be there, won't it?
 Yep.
 Yeah.
 Artificial islands?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So lots of artificial islands in the world.
 I didn't know about the ones in Bolivia Imperial and Lake Titicaca.
 Yeah, I've heard that.
 They're amazing.
 I've stayed on them.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Wow, the floating ones.
 The floating ones, the reed islands, yeah.
 So yeah, these are islands made of weeds woven together
 and they're made by indigenous people
 and it seems like they were just made by the Uro people
 and basically they got to the shores of Lake Titicaca
 hoping to set up camp and like take residence there 1,000 years ago
 and they realized there were people there.
 There was the Quechua people, the Aymara people there.
 So they were like, well, we can't live here.
 What should we do?
 So they built some platforms
 and then just sailed out into the middle of a lake
 and they still hang out there.
 Yeah, it's really cool.
 When I was there, they said that they went there
 because there was taxes they wanted to get away with.
 So it was like a literal offshore account that they went so they can tax them.
 But some people think it was because there was a war
 and they went there so that people couldn't attack them.
 But yeah, they taught me how to make the reeds
 and stuff like that.
 Oh, cool.
 So because you have to constantly sort of,
 it's like repainting a bridge, right?
 Like you're constantly fixing the reeds.
 So near to where the islands are,
 there's loads of massive reeds and you go over there
 and you cut them down and then you kind of turn them into like little,
 not like bricks, but like little groups of reeds.
 And I went on a boat to the school
 because they have a floating school
 and a floating basketball court and stuff.
 Oh, wow.
 I was staying with family of Uros and it was really cool.
 Wow.
 Highly recommend that.
 It's so amazing.
 Have you heard of Mischief Reef?
 It's another created island.
 And it's a new island that's been created by China.
 And it's in the, is it the South China Sea?
 I think it is.
 Probably.
 It's why they do most of their island creations.
 They are creating a lot of islands at the moment.
 And it's causing a lot of mischief.
 Yeah.
 They are, they genuinely are.
 I tried to work out, was this called Mischief Reef
 before China started creating military runways
 and hangers and, you know, missile bases?
 It's quite an innocuous term.
 It's Naughty Boy Island.
 Yeah.
 Silly Billy.
 Mischief Reef is one of the biggest.
 And you can see photos of it from, you know,
 15 years ago, photos now.
 And it looks like a different place.
 It is a different place, actually,
 because it's been imported and installed
 and concreted and all over.
 But there's this bizarre war of attrition
 going on, kind of Cold War style,
 between the China who are building these islands,
 which are contested, by the way.
 The ownership is contested.
 And the US Navy.
 So the US Navy keeps on sailing close to them
 to make the point.
 They do a thing called a phonop,
 which is a freedom of navigation operation.
 And if you have a land,
 I think the barrier is 12 miles.
 Like that's how far your border stretches
 into the ocean, if the island is definitely yours.
 I know there are different sort of definitions,
 but the USA pointedly sails within 12 miles
 of mischief reef to make the point,
 these are international waters,
 according to the international community.
 So we're going to keep on doing it.
 And it hasn't broken into a conflict yet.
 Oh, a little bit, hasn't it?
 Because, like, I think Philippines want it.
 Japan wants it.
 Indonesia wants it.
 Russia wants it.
 It's like, yeah, it's dodgy.
 But do you remember I was telling you guys
 about in Bhutan, on the border between Bhutan and China?
 China has just started building villages.
 Yes, yes.
 And no one noticed.
 And like, in Bhutan, they started.
 In Bhutan, yeah, like the Bhutanese noticed,
 and they were like, well,
 shall we tell the Chinese not to do this anymore?
 Or shall we just kind of leave it?
 And they just kind of left it
 because there are other things that they want
 to have a good deal with China about.
 But then the international community are like,
 well, last time we looked here,
 there weren't three villages and an airport.
 And they're, you know--
 Oh, man.
 Yeah.
 I thought it was called "Mischief Islands"
 because of a ship.
 Oh, really?
 Called the mischief.
 My lobby.
 Yeah, I think it's in dedication to a ship
 that used the passing that.
 I could be wrong about that, but--
 A GMS mischief.
 Yeah, I think that's possibly right.
 It's a party cruise ship, wasn't it?
 It's a Swingers cruise.
 Here's an island that I'd never heard of.
 Dejima.
 Oh, yeah.
 This was created in Nagasaki Bay
 in the 17th century in Japan.
 And during the Edo period,
 Japan wanted to be a closed country,
 so it didn't want anyone else to come in.
 The only people that were allowed to go anywhere near Japan
 were Chinese, Korean, and Dutch.
 And they were allowed to do that for trading reasons.
 OK.
 Dutch is a bit of a wild card.
 Feels like a Dutch got a weird free pass
 that was about a year ago.
 OK, whatever, not offended.
 But basically, if you were a member
 of the Dutch East India Company
 and you were trading
 and you were like taking some silk there
 or some spices or whatever,
 you would go to this created island called Dejima
 and you would kind of live on there,
 but you weren't allowed onto the main island.
 And there was like a bridge there with guards
 which would stop you from going over.
 It's really, really cool.
 There's an amazing book,
 David Mitchell book, set on Dejima,
 because it was very famous.
 Japan's policy was
 they didn't want any Western culture
 coming in and invading them,
 so which is why they really tried to block them out
 and then wars happened
 and we got involved and forced them out of it.
 But yeah, it's so brilliant.
 What was the book?
 The Thousand Autums of Jacob Dezoet.
 And yeah, so it's about this Dutch guy
 who goes over and stays there.
 But yeah, completely fake.
 Yeah, and while you're on there,
 like the local kids would kind of,
 oh, look, there's a Dutch person.
 Isn't that strange kind of thing?
 And also, you were required to tell the Japanese
 about anything that had happened in the world
 while you were away.
 Really?
 You're a human newspaper
 for the news of three years ago
 when you last left the Western world.
 I find that really cool,
 because at one point,
 Dejima was the only independent bit of the Netherlands.
 So at one point,
 the Netherlands was an artificial island.
 So this is when the Netherlands was annexed
 by Napoleon, I think, in the Napoleonic Wars
 and like lots of Dutch territory was taken elsewhere.
 And so that was where they lived.
 And I think they succeeded there
 because they're so used to living on
 basically artificial reclaimed land, right?
 The Netherlands is sort of mostly an artificial island
 in itself.
 About 60% of the land in the Netherlands
 is just there because they've drained away the water
 and they've built it up.
 It's amazing.
 Yeah, it's incredible.
 Most of the population lives on land
 that shouldn't naturally be there.
 Yeah.
 There's an entire province called Leverpolde,
 which is the 12th province of the Netherlands
 and it's new.
 It's just a new land.
 Oh, because polder is what they're called.
 It's a polder, the reclaimed land, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 It would make you nervous, I think.
 That is incredible.
 I found a really cool new artificial island,
 which I'm so annoyed.
 I have not looked up the pronunciations,
 but I imagine you guys will know it.
 So here we go.
 It's a bridge which connects Copenhagen to Malmo.
 And it's the Aurasund bridge.
 Aurasund, yeah.
 Aurasund.
 So have you been there?
 Okay, apparently you've been to every artificial island.
 So the Aurasund bridge, if you're passing it,
 you go in the bridge and then--
 In fact, it's what the TV show, The Bridge, is based on.
 Exactly, yes.
 Yeah.
 And it goes down underneath, doesn't it?
 As opposed to being a bridge that connects Copenhagen to Malmo,
 it goes bridge-like and then suddenly it becomes a tunnel
 and you go underneath.
 And that tunnel bit has become an artificial island,
 which is called Pepa Holm.
 And Pepa Holm is called that
 because there is an actual island next to it
 called Saltholm.
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 So that's the--
 They don't mention that in The Bridge.
 Do they not?
 It's a really great TV show.
 It's so exciting, Saganaren, Lansky Malmo.
 It's really like cool and sexy and scandy.
 And they don't ever say that.
 If they just had one character
 who just gave bits of trivia about the area,
 that would be way better.
 It would have been a successful show, exactly.
 But so yeah, so it's become this artificial island.
 And--
 So how does the tunnel become an island?
 There's a stretch of water between the two.
 Between Malmo and--
 Where is it?
 Come here.
 Right, all right.
 So you have a bridge over some of it.
 Then there's an island at the end of the bridge.
 And that island then contains the portal to a tunnel.
 Yes.
 The tunnel runs under the rest of the water.
 Right.
 So the boats can still go past, but you can have a bridge.
 I see.
 I see.
 Very clever.
 And so what's happened is this small,
 very concrete-looking island
 has become a place where new species have migrated to
 and set up shop.
 And so you're only really allowed--
 What are they selling?
 There's like a penguin going, "Won't they fish?
 Won't they fish anyone?
 Any fish?"
 So supposedly, I mean, this is--
 I don't know if this is definitely still the case in 2021,
 but for the last few years,
 it's been the case that you can only go there once a year.
 And it's only biologists who are allowed to go there.
 And what they found on it is amazing.
 There's 12 species of bird that are living there.
 There were 20 species of spider, one really rare one,
 which they think might have migrated there via a train.
 So it sort of popped off.
 Oh, nice.
 While it was on the train.
 There's a couple of rabbits there
 that they think some people in a car
 must have just let out and let them be on their own.
 There's 345 species of beetle.
 There's 421 species of butterfly.
 Which vehicle did these all leave out of?
 The beetles came in a yellow submarine.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the only known species
 of marine lichen was discovered by a person named Ivan Lam.
 Their work often acknowledged the help of a Miss Elkie Mackenzie.
 But that turned out to be one in the same person
 as Lam later transitioned and took that name.
 It's very cool.
 Isn't that cool?
 So Ivan Lam was basically thanking her future self.
 Exactly.
 Elkie Mackenzie.
 Yeah.
 Or teasing.
 It's a trailer for.
 Yeah.
 So I read a no-bit tree of Elkie Mackenzie
 written by Vernon Akmagian.
 But I'd actually first come across Elkie Mackenzie
 in a blog by JSTOR, the website, by Sabrina Imbla.
 And in that blog, there was an amazing thing
 that said that Mackenzie had spent her whole life
 preparing this monograph of a particular type of lichen,
 only for her never to be able to quite make it.
 Because sometimes her specimens got blown away
 once she fell down an elevator shaft.
 Did she fall down an elevator shaft?
 Or did the light fall down?
 It's really hard to tell.
 But that was what really piqued my interest
 about this person.
 It's like, what an amazing life.
 But yeah, a really cool person who kind of dedicated
 her life to lichen.
 She worked in the Natural History Museum in London
 as an assistant to Annie Lorraine Smith in the 1930s.
 And it's just so interesting that at the time,
 Annie Lorraine Smith was a huge character in the lichen world.
 And she'd written a book which became the sort of seminal
 textbook for the time about lichen.
 Yet she was not officially hired by the Natural History Museum
 because they didn't hire women at the time.
 So she had to have, her pay packet was outsourced
 to somewhere else that could fund it
 because that was the only way that they could do it
 because they didn't have women on the payroll.
 Wow.
 It's weird the reading about the history of lichenologists
 because there do seem to be a lot of women in there.
 Like in the 19th century, a lot of the people
 I was coming across were women, which was kind of exciting.
 It was like a secret area that women knew
 that they were going to be led into almost, but not quite.
 And I did get excited that Carol Dodge,
 who was Elkie McKenzie's main rival, was also a woman,
 but it's not a woman.
 But it's kind of sad, Carol Dodge, the Carol Dodge story
 because Elkie didn't like Dodge.
 So what Elkie found that was really revolutionary
 in the lichen world was endemic Antarctic species, right?
 And she never got the chance to publish her Antarctic discoveries
 for various reasons.
 And she didn't like Dodge because she thought
 Dodge's taxonomy was kind of reckless
 and Dodge was just identifying things all over the shop.
 You pick up a bit of lichen, you go, "Yeah, yeah, I bet that's a new one.
 Come and write it down."
 And now Dodge's record of Antarctic lichen
 is the kind of authority because McKenzie, for various reasons.
 One of which was that she said in, I can't remember what year
 she transitioned, I think it was the late '70s maybe,
 but she said, "I am a woman, so I'm going to have the surgery."
 And she basically was made to take early retirement.
 Yeah, that's the implication, isn't it?
 They sort of tried to rewrite the history in the moment,
 didn't they, by saying, "Oh, it's just for reasons."
 But it was quite obvious that that's why.
 Yeah, post McKenzie's retirement, she got into woodwork.
 Post, obviously felt like a bit of a wind down.
 And I think she had some mental health problems
 that she admitted to, she'd been quite depressed.
 And so she quit the whole lichen game
 and decided to get really into making Siemens chests.
 So, you know.
 Oh, yeah.
 Where else are you going to keep your Siemens?
 James, Siemens chests are a completely different thing
 to Siemens chests.
 Oh, no.
 Then what am I keeping mine in?
 Oh, my God.
 That's why they didn't invite you back on the boat.
 Oh, no.
 There's a treasure map out there where, one day when it's found,
 it's going to be hugely disappointing, just a pool of Siemens.
 X marks, they're spunk more like.
 Wow, that was too far, wasn't it?
 Too far, yeah.
 She didn't make receptacles for Siemens.
 It's just to make that very clear.
 She was made receptacle for Siemens gear.
 You know, it's like that, it's like a suitcase.
 The only notable thing really about them is that
 they're like a chest, but they have sides that tilt inwards
 because if you're on a rocky boat, you don't want them to tip over.
 Very clever.
 Very clever.
 And they have very intricate knots in the handles called beckets.
 And this is what Elkie got particularly into,
 is making these knots.
 Just on Lycan.
 Lycan are incredible.
 I didn't really know what they were.
 God, me neither.
 No.
 Why have we never talked about them before?
 And what they are is they're two things.
 They're two species living in the same house.
 It's mad.
 Or rather, it's one species living in a house built by another one.
 So it's a fungus and normally an algae teaming up.
 Sometimes it's an algae.
 Sometimes it's a cyanobacteria.
 Sometimes there are two algae.
 It gets a bit complicated.
 But basically, basically the basic thing is it's a fungus
 which builds a structure and the algae lives in it
 and photosynthesizes sunlight, which produces sugar,
 which the fungus then eats.
 So the fungus is providing the home
 and the algae is bringing in the food.
 And so what's the Lycan?
 It's the collective thing for the Lycan.
 Yeah, exactly.
 These two things that are working together,
 as you say, in symbiosis, the word symbiosis was coined
 by a guy called Heinrich Anton de Barry.
 And he was talking about Lycans when he coined that term.
 Although Vernon Matian, who wrote the obituary of algae,
 he doesn't think they're in symbiosis.
 He thinks that actually the fungus
 is a controlling parasite of the algae or cyanobacteria.
 It's very interesting.
 What's a stealing food of it?
 He's basically saying that, yeah, exactly,
 that the algae has no choice in the matter
 and it could perfectly happily live
 without a roof over its head.
 There's no evidence that they need this building
 that the fungi makes for them
 and the fungi is getting a free ride.
 But it's very controversial.
 It's a big old debate.
 And it's like everyone knows couples like that,
 where you think, should they be together?
 Isn't one of them fine without the other one?
 Is it controlling parasitism?
 No, I think you can only judge these things
 from the inside unless you are an algae or a fungi.
 You cannot comment.
 So does the fungi absolutely need the algae then?
 Yeah, because it gets energy from the algae.
 So the fungi can't do what most fungi do,
 which is eat decomposed matter,
 which is how fungi normally survive.
 But they've now evolved to just eat the food
 that's made for them by photosynthesis.
 So they would starve.
 And the argument is that the algae
 is getting some protection in return.
 But a lot of people think that actually
 it doesn't need that protection.
 Right.
 It's controversial.
 Well, I've got actually
 something even more controversial
 to blow this even wider open,
 which is that they now think it's not--
 a lichen is not two organisms.
 It's three.
 Three.
 Yeah.
 So that-- and this is a massive discovery
 in the world of lichen.
 So this is that there have been a bunch of mysteries about it.
 So one was that there were different lichen,
 which at a DNA level are exactly the same
 when they studied them,
 but that have different effects.
 Like some will kill you when you eat them
 and some are perfectly edible.
 They're like, how is this possible?
 They look like they're the same thing.
 And they also had this problem
 where scientists can't recreate lichen in a lab,
 which you should be able to,
 because you should be able to get the fungus
 and the bacteria or the algae shove them together,
 create it, doesn't work.
 And now they found a way of looking at them closer,
 and they've realized they all have inside them
 a different fungus, which is more like a yeast.
 So right deep within their cells,
 single cells of this other fungus.
 So is this every known lichen we're talking about?
 It seems like it might be the definition of lichen
 is this third thing.
 It's a new order of fungus that does this.
 So it's an extra fungus,
 which is carried within the fungus
 that then takes to the, oh my God.
 Exactly.
 It's very hard to blow this shit wide open,
 because a lot of it is just learning
 about the original shit in the first place.
 And I just blow some more shit wide open.
 Please.
 So you know, there's a lot of species of lichen
 that they thought were just a single species.
 There's one in particular,
 which is called dic tionema glabratum.
 And they thought it was just one species.
 And it turns out that it's at least 126 different species
 of lichen.
 It's this one lichen that you'd never heard of.
 I know.
 It's actually 126 lichens that you'd never heard of.
 It's amazing.
 That's incredible.
 Which lazy intern did the first count of that?
 Well, the problem is that when you take lichen
 from the natural setting,
 if you see that in the, in the countryside,
 it might be lots of different colors.
 It might be lots of different shapes and stuff like that.
 As soon as you take it into the lab,
 it loses all of its color.
 It becomes like a boring gray brown sludge.
 And they kind of all look the same at that point.
 And so loads of people were finding the stuff
 and bringing it back and they couldn't tell the difference.
 And it's only when they look at the genes
 that they can now tell the difference
 between the different species.
 I'll tell you what,
 if anyone's thinking of becoming a lichenologist,
 and I imagine after this chat,
 you're going to be applying.
 Sure.
 Best place to do it, New Zealand, in my mind.
 Really?
 10% of the world's lichen is found in New Zealand.
 And as of 2019, they had fewer than five lichenologists.
 Did they?
 You would have an absolute playground there,
 if you wanted to go and do that.
 And wasn't that the place
 that they had the sexy pavement lichen?
 It was, exactly.
 Was it in one of our books?
 We mentioned it in Book of the Year 2019.
 It was that New Zealanders, I believe,
 were told by the government
 to stop licking lichen on the ground
 because it was acting like Viagra.
 But who was licking lichen off the ground?
 I don't think,
 I think they were taking it off the ground
 and they were ingesting it in a different way.
 Maybe in a tea or something.
 Oh, really?
 Mixed messages because the word lichen
 comes from the Greek to lick.
 So, you know, what's going on there.
 Lichen this.
 Yeah.
 But yes, so they were getting an erection
 when they had this lichen, right?
 Yeah, exactly.
 And so why were they not allowed to do it?
 I think it was...
 I can't actually remember.
 Do you remember?
 Yeah.
 I think it was...
 Who's going around stopping people
 having perfectly healthy erections
 based on snuffing pavement scrapings?
 Maybe if you get the wrong lichen,
 then maybe you deck falls off or something.
 You know, because they are hard to tell apart.
 So, that's probably that's true.
 I do remember how it was.
 What was it?
 It was that basically you would get lots of heavy metals
 leaching into it on the pavements and stuff.
 You might get a dog poo in it.
 You might get dog wee in it.
 It's hard to regulate and make truly things.
 It's hard to regulate.
 There was high levels of lead they found.
 They were found cadmium in it.
 They found mercury.
 They found arsenic.
 And the US Food and Drugs Administration
 bought one lot online
 and found that it was actually 20% grass clippings
 and 80% grammed up Viagra.
 I would say be a lichenologist in Britain
 because the British Lichen Society,
 as far as I can tell, are super on it.
 They have an amazing website
 and they just have a fabulous time.
 They've got about 650 members.
 Oh yeah, a lot of competition there though, isn't there?
 Like Dan was saying only five lichen experts in New Zealand.
 Fewer than five.
 That's true.
 I don't know why they're just in favor of the number.
 Yeah, that's what the auditorial said.
 Surely you could just say three if that's what it was.
 Actually in Britain it's useful to become a lichenologist
 because I was going through the list of the presidents
 of this society, specifically the women.
 And every single woman that I could find
 that had a Wikipedia article attached to their name,
 they've all got OBEs.
 So I don't know what's going on in the lichen world
 that the government is recognizing
 their work towards the country,
 but they've all got titles.
 Wow.
 Yeah, so that's a quick way to an OBE,
 become a lichenologist.
 Wow, maybe there's some secret they're not telling us.
 Doesn't feel like a quick way to become an OBE.
 Sorry, I think it takes years and years of craft.
 It's not like become an OBE with this one weird trick.
 I actually am not sure it does take that long.
 Stop denigrating the work of the British lichen society.
 They're serious scientists, dude.
 Again, please don't write in.
 It's the OBE committee that we're talking about.
 Oh, what they just see lichen and they just waggle it through.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Oh, no, I'm saying it doesn't take long
 to become a lichenologist.
 It takes a week.
 Okay, yeah, this is what Anna is saying.
 That's my point.
 This is because I was reading about Kerry Knudson
 or Kerry Knudson.
 Who's California's only professional lichenologist.
 He's a really fun guy.
 And he's published--
 He were then two, I believe.
 California lichenologist.
 He were then two.
 He's published over 200 papers on them.
 And he pretty much took up being a lichenologist
 after he retired.
 And now he maybe knows more about lichen
 than anyone else in the world claims the Atlantic.
 He was a construction worker for most of his life.
 So he ran away from home at 16 to join an anarchist commune.
 Wait a minute, wait a minute.
 He was a construction worker.
 Sorry.
 So before he was a construction worker.
 We built a lot of very wonky buildings along anarchic lines.
 Yeah.
 No, he ran away at 16 before being a construction worker.
 Took lots of acid, wrote lots of poetry,
 got into quite magic, was a big fan of Friend of the Podcast,
 Alistair Crowley.
 And then he went off poetry
 because he didn't like the modernism direction it was going in.
 So worked in construction, got some blood clots in his legs,
 had to retire prematurely in his 50s.
 And he said to his daughter,
 "I'm going to go back behind the house
 and I'm going to study whatever I find there."
 And he found lichen there.
 And so now he's the world leading lichenologist.
 And he named one after Obama.
 That's his contribution to the lichen world.
 Oh, I've read about that one.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That was a big deal.
 2008 huge deal.
 You can age structures based on how fast lichen moves across it.
 That's a fun thing to do.
 Lichenometry.
 They're incredibly slow growing, some of them.
 And I really like this.
 The oldest lichens in the world are found in the Arctic.
 And they're a species called rhizocarpum geographicum.
 And they have been aged at 8,600 years, some of them.
 And they're still alive.
 Yeah.
 Which I think would make them the oldest living organism on the planet.
 What?
 They also use them for detecting pollution levels, don't they?
 So if you're in a very polluted area,
 if a certain type of lichen is introduced and it doesn't grow,
 that means that the pollution levels are too high.
 And if you can bring them down and then the lichen starts growing there,
 that shows you that you're at the right level.
 So it's a really interesting bar for--
 That's why, because there's always some dickhead on our country walk
 that you're going on when trees are covered in lichen.
 And there's always someone who goes, that's a good sign, actually.
 That's because that means it's really clean air.
 But isn't that true?
 Yes, it is, but it's just annoying.
 They keep reminding me about it.
 I get it.
 OK.
 The tree looks a bit dirty, though.
 It wouldn't like to be in your club.
 This isn't a stressful country walking club.
 Hey, can I please get listeners to solve a crisis that I had this weekend,
 which is sort of like and related maybe.
 I was in the children's.
 I was staying in this little bit of woodland.
 And we found a tree that was covered in ivy.
 And then the ivy looked like basically a dump truck,
 a dump, a load of mud on it.
 Like every single ivy leaf was covered in red, soily mud.
 And we realized we traced it, looking closely at the tree,
 back to these sort of large dinner plate size,
 what looked like fungi.
 Bright white, kind of beautiful fungi growing straight out of the tree.
 And in their dinner plate, which was like a bowl,
 there were mountains of this red soil stuff.
 And I'm going to put, I am going to get a picture on the podcast Twitter feed.
 On a drive engagement.
 Some old degree.
 And someone needs to tell me what it is.
 Some names of lycan.
 And you can tell me why they're called this.
 OK.
 Um, so dog lycan.
 Why is it called dog lycan?
 Looks like a dog.
 No, it doesn't look like it's going to look like a dog.
 It grows in the shape of Scooby-Doo.
 It catches bulls in its mouth.
 No, not that.
 If dog's pee on it, it eats it up and makes it stronger than the other dog.
 It grows towards the dog star.
 Serious.
 It's all amazing.
 Oh, it's, it's, it's hairy like a dog.
 Like if you were walking in the forest, you'd be like, that's a dog.
 But that's the same as it looks like a dog.
 That's just sea first answer.
 Yeah.
 OK, I see.
 Mix it with half a pint of warm milk.
 And it can cure.
 A dog?
 Rabies.
 Rabies, correct.
 Named by Linnaeus in 1753, dog lycan.
 Wow.
 Just in case anyone's listening who does happen to have bitten by a rabid dog,
 we should probably say it definitely doesn't cure rabies.
 No, go, go and get that.
 Is the half pint of milk that does all the work out for rabies?
 Genuinely glad you guys added that.
 Because in my head, that was how you cure it.
 OK, come on.
 British soldier lycan.
 OK, for wounds on British soldiers, you would, you would put it.
 That's good.
 And it would sort of.
 Nope.
 I'm going to stick with my previous one.
 Looks like a British soldier.
 Does no one want to shag it?
 You know how it was like the Americans came over and stole all the ladies?
 Oh.
 Because no one wants to shag the British.
 Andy was right.
 It looks like a British soldier.
 Thank you very much.
 It has a red cap, which looks a bit like the red hats worn by British soldiers
 during the American Revolutionary War.
 And rock tripe, lycan.
 Oh.
 Rock tripe.
 Tripe is innards and things like that.
 So.
 Oh, is it one that lives inside a rock?
 Because there are like, what are they called?
 They're like endolithic or something.
 Like, and they live literally inside rock.
 That's cool.
 Which is incredible.
 Outside a rock, but underneath a rock in a cave.
 Yeah, neither correct, but great answers.
 Yeah.
 That's really good.
 Grows in a kind of string.
 Andy.
 Looks like tripe.
 Looks like tripe.
 Thank you.
 Two out of three.
 Also was gathered by George Washington's troops, supposedly, and boiled into soup
 at Valley Forge during the winter of 1777.
 So that's, they ate it.
 Like tripe, but also it looks a bit like tripe.
 That's a pretty bad winter as well, when you're having to persuade yourself that what you're
 eating is tripe.
 That's even worse than tripe.
 There is a lycan called rock gnome lycan as well.
 And this is endangered, and no one's allowed to know where it is.
 Because the US Fish and Wildlife Service said they had an option to label its location as
 critical habitat.
 This is just, it's only found in like Georgia and the Carolinas and Tennessee in the mountains.
 And if you label something as critical habitat, that means people know where it is.
 You publish it, and then you get these lycan collectors who are over enthusiastic who go
 and nick it.
 So they kept it super secret.
 And sweetly, the person who was in charge of guarding its location was a National Park
 Service botanist called Janet Rock.
 That's cool.
 And where is it in Georgia and the Carolinas?
 I'm not giving you any further details, James.
 I'm just thinking I could do with an OBE quite soon.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that eBay employs staff whose job includes sniffing trainers.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 They're the shoe perverts of eBay.
 And they are...
 For legal reasons, not.
 No, yeah, they're absolutely not perverts.
 This is part of their job.
 I don't want to need to make it any clearer.
 These people are not perverts.
 They're not getting a kick out of it.
 Also got a sick thrill.
 This is because eBay sells a lot of shoes, which I didn't know because I'm not a sneak
 ahead is what they get called.
 People who collect and trade and buy and sell and sometimes make a living selling shoes to
 each other and collecting them.
 Sounds like they're just people who wear them on the wrong bit of their body.
 Could be the same.
 And so there are so many fake shoes on the market now, which are obviously not worth
 nearly as much as the real deal.
 You mean fake brands, the shoes, you could get your shoe onto your foot, right?
 It's not like you put your foot in it.
 You're like, "Oh, that's an algae."
 It's not made of plamage and it turns out every damn time.
 No, they're real shoes, but they're not really made by Nike or whoever.
 So eBay has got experts in trainer provenance whose job is to put shoes through their paces.
 Nice.
 Thank you.
 To assess whether they're real or fake and any shoes that are worth over 150 quid that
 are bought on eBay because they have to have some kind of lower floor in it.
 They can't check all of them.
 Any shoes worth over 150 quid go through this center, sneak authentication center,
 and the seller doesn't get the money until the shoes have been authenticated and then
 they get forwarded to the buyers.
 And the smelling is part of that because there are so many different ways you can tell
 whether a trainer is authentic or not.
 There's the stitching, there's the glue and the glue has a smell and all these other methods.
 It's something like 52 elements.
 They've identified the process to it.
 Yeah, so it's, as you say, it's the glue.
 It's the quality of ink on the inside of the tongue.
 There's the variations of color.
 There's the smell check as well.
 Well, eBay are going on the road with this.
 It's very exciting.
 They're doing nationwide.
 What do you mean, like touring?
 I wouldn't watch that show.
 Come to our show.
 Come to our show instead.
 Come to our show instead.
 Come to our show instead.
 It's basically that.
 Okay.
 Well, I mean, basically they have an ice cream van.
 I've slightly hyped up the nationwide tour element of it.
 But the ice cream van is touring the country.
 And if you bring your sneakers along worth over a hundred quid,
 then they will authenticate them or not.
 They will bust this shit wide open on your foot.
 Will they fill one of my sneakers up with Mr. Whippy and put a flake in it?
 No, they won't.
 They're only doing a few dates as well on this tour,
 I think because ice cream vans can't go on the motorway.
 And I presume they're going to have to take b-roads all the way around.
 There was an amazing article on thisismoney.co.uk written by Grace Godson.
 And she actually smelled the shoes
 and said that she could definitely tell the difference, the journalist.
 Yeah, she said that the ones that are fake
 just kind of smell really chemically, a bit like nail varnish,
 but the real ones smell more like tennis balls, according to her.
 Oh, yeah.
 And but she also said that if you want to work in these warehouses,
 then you have to pass an entrance test,
 which involves a blind test,
 whether can you tell a sneaker is real or fake just by smelling it?
 So you have to pass that test to get the job.
 Wow, so weird.
 Imagine them.
 I think so they are blindfolded.
 Yeah, it's pretty weird, isn't it?
 That's cool.
 It is cool. It's amazing.
 It must be so hard though,
 because a lot of these sneakers, most of them are manufactured in China,
 in Chinese factories.
 And the real ones?
 The real ones, but also the fake ones.
 And the fake ones in the article I read say
 that they're often attached literally to the real factory.
 So you've got the sort of fake factory that's using 90% of the materials anyway.
 So 90% of it is as close to the thing that you would have.
 It's just the actual manufacturing and stitching together process.
 That's so mad.
 They're also employing trainers to test watches within the next couple of months.
 Human trainers.
 Human trainers.
 Human trainers.
 Humans sniff the trainers.
 The trainers test the watches.
 That's the centre.
 I watched the trainers watching.
 I think the watches were first, actually.
 Oh, were they?
 Oh, I think maybe they're upgrading.
 I read that they were looking for a new tranche of watch trainers
 in August this year.
 I didn't realise that eBay gets almost all of its profits now from three items.
 What are the three?
 Trainers, luxury watches, trading cards.
 Oh, really?
 Apparently.
 The third category that has authentication from June 2021 is handbags.
 Is it?
 Maybe they're trying to branch out into a fourth direction.
 Wow.
 As in you can get everything else on eBay,
 it's just that their shares are mostly going down.
 People aren't buying other stuff on them anymore.
 Interesting.
 But those three things.
 And the thing is with the authentication is
 you as a buyer don't pay for it
 and the seller doesn't pay for it either.
 eBay pays for it.
 And you think, well, what's the point of that?
 But actually, the sales of luxury items like watches and sneakers
 and probably soon handbags has gone up massively
 since people have known that they're going to get the real deal.
 Has it?
 Interesting.
 The growth in sneakers has gone up by triple digits year on year
 for the last couple of years.
 Yeah, apparently they sell a pair every nine seconds.
 When companies make trainers and sneakers,
 especially in the last 10, 15 years,
 they often make them mostly in sizes eight, nine, and 10
 because they're the most popular sizes for men.
 And men are the people who bought most of these trainers.
 But these days, more women are wanting these trainers.
 And so the smaller sizes are rarer.
 And so if you're a counterfeiter,
 you're more likely to go for the smaller sizes
 because actually, you know, there's less on the market for them.
 So you're more likely to find that women's trainers
 are fake than the men's trainers.
 But does it matter to sneakerheads?
 A lot of these shoes are never worn.
 That's the thing I find so weird and bizarre.
 But you still buy them in your size, usually.
 When you say never worn, are there really many people
 who are buying loads of sneakers that they don't intend to wear?
 Collectors have hundreds of pairs.
 It's mad.
 And a lot of them, they can't afford to wear themselves
 because they don't want to wear out a $10,000 pair of sneakers.
 They keep them because they have that value.
 If they wore them, they'd become really grubby
 and they'd lose their value.
 But there can't be that many people that do that.
 There are.
 That's what's funding eBay and it's top three most important things.
 It's a billion dollar industry.
 In the future, Dan, in 200 years, people will say,
 "Did you know people used to wear these decorations on their feet?"
 But yeah, that is true.
 Yeah.
 And the other advantage of doing the women's shoes, for instance,
 is because you need less materials to make them, of course.
 So the markup is bigger.
 I always buy shoes three sizes too big
 so I can circumvent the possibility that they're fake.
 They do get, there are sometimes seizures of counterfeit sneakers
 at customs and ports and things like that.
 So in 2019, there was a Chinese guy called Qing Fuzeng
 who was arrested for allegedly importing 22 shipping containers
 of fake trainers into the USA disguised as napkins,
 not disguised, labeled as napkins,
 which would have been worth $472 million.
 It's just an insane amount of money that you can make
 and he had this complicated system set up to get them in
 and then get them distributed.
 That's why they make you take your shoes off as security, right?
 To test they're real.
 You just look back, the security people are huffing away at them,
 giving you a good sniff.
 Anna was talking about buying shoes that were too big
 and then putting loads of socks in there so that they fit.
 I didn't, I haven't actually come up with that workaround.
 I just buy shoes that are too big.
 But thank God you solved that blister problem.
 Well, the reason that I made that solution in my head
 is because I was reading about a guy called Jim Thorpe
 who was the first Native American
 to win a gold medal at the Olympics.
 And he was in the Decathlon.
 So after the first day, he was miles ahead,
 but then someone stole his shoes.
 So he didn't know what to do for the second day
 because there were his only pair of shoes.
 So he looked around and he found like in the garbage,
 like a couple of odd shoes and he wore them,
 but one of them was massively too big.
 So he had to wear loads of pairs of socks.
 And that fut.
 So there are pictures of him in odd shoes
 with one foot with loads of socks on.
 And in the second day, he won pretty much all the events
 and won the gold in the Decathlon in the 1912 Olympics.
 And on the same day, he also won,
 I think it was the long jump or the high jump
 and the 110 meters hurdles
 and the 1500 meters wearing odd shoes.
 Wow, very cool.
 Well, why doesn't everyone do that now?
 It's clearly an advantage.
 Must be, right?
 But also it sounds like he could have tried
 a bit harder just to get a pair of shoes, right?
 Like if the Jamaicans were able to borrow a bobsled, surely.
 Guys, I only found out recently that shoes,
 you used to be able to inflate them yourself.
 Sorry.
 Because now I have to go to a shop to inflate them.
 What are you talking about?
 All your shoes, blow up shoes.
 Okay, I'm glad you don't remember this, James,
 because this was during the sneaker wars of the 1990s.
 You all remember.
 The Nike versus Reebok.
 Oh, yeah.
 And this, yeah, yeah.
 And the pumps, yeah.
 The pumps, yeah.
 No, sorry, not with you on this.
 Wasn't there Jordans?
 But they had the air pump as well, didn't they?
 Did there Jordans have a pump?
 Yeah, there Jordans had pumps.
 Look, I was not allowed to wear any cool shoes during the 1990s.
 Okay.
 Can someone explain this to me please?
 So they used to be on the tongue.
 So, actually the pair of brogues, right?
 Thank you.
 You inflated them from the tongue,
 and this was an innovation by Reebok.
 Their tongue.
 Their...
 Have you seen the movie Men in Tights?
 Robin Hood, Men in Tights.
 I have not.
 I wasn't allowed to watch that.
 Okay.
 But this apparently clinched it for Reebok for a while.
 Nike's always been the big guy.
 Reebok's always been the underdog.
 And they had these self-inflate shoes.
 So they...
 No one bought them because they thought that's really weird.
 And then there was just one slam dunk championship.
 Basketball seems to be more about the shoes
 than it is about the basketball.
 You rarely get a team in barefoot winning the NBA.
 Not since the 1912 Olympics.
 So this guy, D. Brown, did this move
 before he did his amazing slam dunk
 and won the competition,
 where he just bent down
 and he pumped up his shoes with the tongue.
 And then he slam dunked it.
 And then after that, the crowd went insane.
 And then it became his thing.
 Every time he went to take a shot,
 he would pump up his shoes
 and then deflate them afterwards.
 No, not in a match.
 He wouldn't dribble the ball.
 Not mid-match.
 Bend down, pump, yeah.
 When you're doing a dunk from a standing position.
 You know the lingo, Dan.
 You know what I'm trying to say.
 Well, and I don't know what we should just say for Andy.
 I don't know the pump actually did anything.
 As in your shoe functioned,
 it wasn't like a deflated shoe
 that you pumped air into.
 It just was this sort of...
 But this basketballer who pumped the tongue
 did that, that did have an effect, did it?
 I mean, I don't know.
 They always refused to say.
 It suggested it had ankle support.
 And they were always asked,
 "Does it give you a bit more bounce to make it pumpy?"
 And they always said,
 "We're refusing to say if I gave you a bit more bounce."
 Well, I never noticed it.
 You didn't know.
 And you were pumped for ages.
 It was just a cool thing to do.
 It wasn't like having a pogo stick suddenly attached.
 No, exactly.
 Yeah, they weren't moonshoes.
 There was a story this year
 about a lady who has made 2,500 pounds
 by selling old crisp packets from the 1980s.
 Oh, yeah.
 But they had released figures
 on how many of these ostensibly not very glamorous items
 have been sold over a three-month period this year.
 350 crisp packets, 206 wine corks,
 225 empty jam jars, 37 toilet roll tubes.
 But it's hard to make a million from them
 because they, on average, go for two P each.
 That's a cheap telescope, though,
 if you want to make a...
 That's true.
 That's true.
 I think people must be buying crisp packets
 to do the blow it up and bang it thing,
 which I love doing.
 But I don't eat enough crisps
 to do that as often as I'd want to.
 I just thought it was set dressing
 for a TV show in the 1980s.
 It's weird where our brains go
 because I was thinking you would buy it
 and hopefully there's a few little crumbs of crisps
 left in the car.
 And you can lick your finger and get them out.
 We've all got good reasons.
 But, I mean, that's true.
 You won't be able to taste the '80s again, will you?
 No.
 That's slogan for your firm.
 A trade on these things.
 Taste the '80s.
 Yeah, great.
 You can taste the 2010s
 by buying the pre-sugar tax drinks
 that are available on eBay.
 I genuinely thought about buying
 one of these for my brother,
 who I've never seen him so furious
 as when LucasAid halved the sugar content
 in their drinks.
 It hasn't been the same.
 It doesn't taste the same.
 So, in 2018, the sugar in iron brew halved.
 There was lots of rules over the last few years
 saying, you know, you've got to reduce your sugar.
 And you can buy a LucasAid pre-2011
 for 145.
 OK.
 I might just suck it out of order.
 That's quite a lot, isn't it?
 But imagine how good that's going to taste
 now after all these years.
 I'm with your brother, actually.
 I think modern pop is disgusting.
 Really?
 Can you taste the difference?
 Oh, yeah.
 Really?
 I don't think so.
 I don't think so, really.
 But ironically, you listen to a lot of modern pop,
 which I find disgusting.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And Anna.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @KnowSuchThing,
 or you can go to our website,
 knowsuchthingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Also, do check out the upcoming tour dates.
 We are back on the road as of October the 5th,
 going around the UK and Ireland.
 Come along. It's going to be an awesome night.
 And we want to geek out with you all.
 OK, we'll see you again next week with another episode.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
