 [BELL RINGS]
 [SPEAKING SPANISH]
 [BELL RINGS]
 [SPEAKING SPANISH]
 [BELL RINGS]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [INAUDIBLE]
 [INAUDIBLE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [INAUDIBLE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [INAUDIBLE]
 [INAUDIBLE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that Sweden's public art body
 has just commissioned an artwork, which
 will hire someone to do nothing at Gothenburg's
 course of art and train station for the next 120 years.
 [APPLAUSE]
 120 years.
 120 years.
 120 years.
 So that can't be the same person for 120 years.
 Well, it might be.
 We don't know about medical advances in the next century.
 That's true.
 So this is a thing.
 It's called eternal employment.
 And Gothenburg has a new train station called Coursesvarkin.
 And I don't know if you can tell the home,
 but people here are very excited about it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There was a competition to provide a public artwork.
 And there were two artists who won, called Simon Golden
 and Jacob Senneby.
 And they have half a million pounds to spend.
 And they spent it on hiring an employee
 to do whatever they like, forever.
 As long as you check in and check out of your work each day,
 you will get 21,600 Kroner a month, which
 is enough to buy five beers here.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But then the application-- you can still go for this,
 by the way.
 The application deadline is the 15th of December, 2025.
 OK?
 Yeah.
 And their duties will be taken up.
 Well, the black of duties will be taken up on the 15th of March,
 2026.
 OK.
 So if you're bad with deadlines like me,
 you can put that off for another six years.
 And there's a job description online, which is quite poetic.
 It goes, there's a scent.
 Do you smell it?
 The scent of something.
 We smell it.
 It's seaweed.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You're seaweed.
 You want to be seaweed.
 You shall be seaweed.
 You know that.
 Thank you for knowing.
 Thank you for seaweed.
 You're standing there, right there, standing like what?
 Like a prawn.
 A positive prawn.
 A flexible prawn.
 An unpretentious prawn.
 A goal-oriented prawn.
 Thank you.
 Thanks.
 Wow.
 So I think that tells you everything that you
 have to do for this shelf.
 Any questions?
 Does that sound more normal in Swedish?
 Google translates on a hell of a job.
 So I like that.
 The way it's going to be, as well, is once the station
 is open, the applicant has been chosen,
 and he's got, or she has, residency of the job.
 There's going to be fluorescent lights that go on
 on the station level, or the platform levels,
 to let all passengers know that the person doing nothing
 is at work, that they're here either doing something,
 or absolutely nothing.
 And you can't tell who they are if they're on the platforms,
 but there's going to be two rooms that they can go to.
 One is a glass room, where you can see what they're doing,
 and the other is just a closed-off room, which they can just
 choose to sit in, and you never see.
 But actually, they don't have to stay
 on in the train station at all.
 As long as they clock in and clock out,
 they could bug a rough all day.
 Yeah, that's it.
 But there are things you can't do.
 So you can't go and get another job.
 That is seen as not playing the game.
 But the job does come with a pension, and with holiday.
 So you've got a holiday from doing nothing.
 It's not actually a brilliant paid job.
 It's fine.
 But if the salary is really below average--
 And I work it in 120 years, it's going to be worth literally.
 Well, it's going up.
 It's going up within 30 years.
 By 3% a year.
 And if you die, they will just give the job to something else.
 Yeah.
 I think that's how jobs work, generally.
 Every company folds, but everyone dies.
 I guess we need to retire that role, though.
 Persons serving at the counter of McDonald's.
 It's just going to have to be an empty counter now.
 But we should see what his purpose is, really.
 Which they are making a point.
 So it's inspired by Thomas Piketty's capital
 in the 21st century.
 That very trendy book for anyone claiming to be academic,
 or some just-- so it's about the return on capital
 being higher than the average increase in wages.
 So it's basically-- there's this art prize money, which
 was $7 million, or I think.
 And the idea is that they're going to invest that.
 And the return on that investment is going
 to yield that personal salary for 120 years.
 So the idea is money makes more money than humans do.
 Which is depressing.
 But still fun for that person who's doing the job.
 Can I say a very quick thing about?
 So this is art meets train station.
 And so the most ambitious crossover in the history.
 And so I was looking into sort of entertaining art sort
 of things that we're going on with train stations.
 And I read this fact, which is in London, in our underground
 station, we have the very famous iconic Mind the Gap,
 Mind the Gap, which is set.
 So when that was initially recorded,
 it was recorded by a sound engineer called Peter Lodge.
 And he got an actor who was a well-known actor of the time.
 And he got into recording.
 He recorded Mind the Gap and Stan Clear of the Doors.
 And after it was recorded, and they were sort of getting
 it ready to send it out, the guy suddenly said,
 I want royalties for every time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, yeah.
 And they went, you can't have that.
 That's insane.
 And he said, no, that's my deal.
 So they cut him off.
 And they were going to re-record it.
 But they listened to the recording of the sound engineer,
 Peter Lodge, who was testing the microphones going mind the gap.
 And they went, that's good enough.
 And he became--
 He was the original voice of the London Underground,
 the sound engineer, testing the microphones.
 That's great.
 Yeah.
 Because we have a very, quite a famous thing in London
 about the Mind the Gap announcement.
 Maybe the station announcement at one station,
 I can't remember which, which is recorded by a guy
 who died a few years ago.
 And then they changed the recording
 because someone else got it.
 They thought they'd jazz up the station.
 And the widow of the guy who died wrote to the station,
 didn't she?
 And said, please, can you change that back?
 That's the only time I hear my husband's voice.
 Yeah, his name was Oswald Lawrence.
 It was in Bankman station.
 It was on the Northern line.
 And they changed it back so she could always hear his voice,
 saying it.
 Yeah, that's really nice.
 Yeah.
 Speaking of London, so there's--
 Oh, it's kept in practical, too.
 You're not even going to like where this goes.
 I'm going to say, so if you live in London,
 there's another job you can get which seems quite cushy.
 It is to become a luxury product tester.
 For that, you get a $75,000 salary, which is about $100,000.
 And you get to test supercars yachts and private islands.
 Wow.
 OK, so this morning I applied for this job.
 Let's see, you look up jobs testing luxury islands.
 I found out there is a man whose job is to watch paint drying.
 And he's a real person.
 He's called Keith Jackson.
 And he works for an industrial paint firm.
 And a big part of his job is assessing
 the drying time of industrial paint.
 And that doesn't sound important, does it?
 But I really can't.
 He must have been watching it the whole time, has he?
 He might have a break.
 He'll probably have a break.
 Imagine if he has a break for 15 minutes,
 he comes back and he's already trying.
 That's a bad pay in the office, isn't it?
 Fuck say.
 Do you think paint is like a watch pot?
 Do you think it boils as soon as your back is turned?
 No, the reason it's important that it happens
 is because sometimes paint things.
 And then you need to know how long the paint will take to be dry.
 So, for example, loved and underground,
 they can only be painted stations between three o'clock
 and five o'clock in the morning.
 And then it has to be dry enough to walk on.
 So this is a very high-stake situation.
 Wow.
 And the high-stakes and medium, low to medium, the medium.
 But he said people do love and find it amusing
 when I tell them what I do.
 He said it could be described as the most boring job
 in the world, but it is a very important one.
 Watching paint dry sounds quite easy,
 but it can be stressful at times.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So also while you're looking at jobs of watching paint dry,
 I was looking at jobs of watching pornography.
 And apparently there's a nightclub in Denmark
 that's hiring someone to watch 20 hours of pornographic films
 for 2,500 pounds equivalent.
 And the reason is they want to select the best parts
 of the soundtrack that they'll make a playlist of,
 that they'll play in the nightclub bathroom.
 Sure, there's the reason.
 I've been looking at some kind of jobs
 of sound, some people who are kind of lazy at work.
 So this obviously would suit this job,
 but the train station would suit someone who's quite lazy at work.
 There've been some good people who have been in the past.
 So there was a civil servant called Carlos Retio.
 He was a Spanish civil servant.
 He skipped work for a decade.
 He used to clock in at 7.30 in the morning.
 And then he'd returned to work to clock out
 at 4 in the afternoon.
 So he's perfect for this station job.
 He took home a 50 grand salary.
 And he then, when he was caught, and it was discovered
 that he'd just been skipping work for over 10 years.
 He then admitted to it fine.
 And then there was an art exhibition put on in the town
 that used a council venue.
 And the exhibition was called Love for Valencia,
 the works of a man who never worked.
 And it was booked under what turned out to be a fake name.
 And they discovered later it was put on by him,
 this man who skipped work the whole time,
 as kind of a peon to his own glory
 and having skipped work.
 And there were paintings, there were sculptures,
 and there were bronze busts of this man talking about
 how he succeeded in not working.
 The council discovered that it was him who booked it
 and they canceled it.
 But he discovered that he got no charges.
 He got no big fine.
 He was suspended from work.
 Not even fired.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Speaking of doing nothing, there is a hotel with a,
 or the was, the hotel's so success
 but they used to have a suite called the Checkout Suite.
 And if you did nothing and you use no internet,
 then you'd get the suite for free.
 OK, so it worked out how much internet you were using
 and how much work you were doing.
 And if you used the time to just relax and do nothing,
 they gave it you for free.
 This was the Hotel Ballora, which is in Gothenburg,
 which is the hotel where staying, and at the moment, yes.
 So I spoke to the receptionist this afternoon.
 And she said, it ran for three months
 and every single person who went there
 managed to get it for free.
 Wow.
 There must be something that the people of Gothenburg
 are just quite happy sitting around going, you know what?
 I'm just going to fill.
 You know what, if you've got a few sheets of slightly damp paint,
 the time flies by.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is Chazinsky.
 Yes, my fact this week is that Ninjas sword sheaths
 had removable tips so that if they ever had to hide underwater,
 they could use them like a snorkel to breathe.
 That's so cool.
 It's so great.
 And so they brought the sword with them as well, right?
 Yeah, yeah, you do bring the sword.
 That's the main thing.
 But it's basically being an ninja
 was all about kind of adapting to your environment.
 It was like being a sort of 15-17 century Japanese James Bond.
 It really was.
 They had all these gadgets.
 And one of them was the sword.
 And the scabbard, they would use it like a snorkel,
 because hiding underwater was a major part of being an ninja.
 And so what?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I find it hard to put this into words, but what?
 So why would you need to be underwater, as much?
 So basically, what an ninja was was,
 it was sort of like the flip side of a samurai.
 So samurai in Japan were very well respected,
 honorable, noble fighters.
 And the ninja was the sneaky, mercenary agent.
 They were very, very looked down upon at the time
 they were around, which, and they were,
 they had their heyday the 15th or 17th century in Japan.
 And their function was basically espionage.
 So they were spies and deception and surprise attack
 and covert methods.
 And they did a lot of hiding and running away.
 And one of their main ways of hiding
 was using the water.
 So certain ninja texts from the time
 advise that in daytime, hide underwater.
 So it's not to be seen.
 You just spend the whole day underwater.
 Really?
 And so you need this snorkel-like thing
 on the end of your sword.
 And so the scabbard end can double as a breathing tube.
 One of the texts that I read, advising ninjas,
 said that the end of your scabbard,
 if you had the removable tip taken off,
 could also be a hearing aid or a megaphone.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Cool.
 Wow.
 That's fantastic.
 I could also be used as a step ladder
 for climbing golf offenses.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, you'd sort of jab it into the wall.
 I think it might be, what I imagine that this might be wrong,
 because this just came out of my imagination.
 But, you know, like with a sword,
 you have that like crossbit that kind of hides your hand.
 But if you turn it upside down, you could just step on it.
 Oh, I thought even if you stabbed it into the wall,
 you could bounce off the sword.
 Yes.
 And I tell you a cool thing that ninjas could do.
 So ninjas had incredible abilities
 according to the old texts.
 One other thing they could do is they
 could tell the time of day by looking at a cat's eye.
 So if you asked a ninja what time is it?
 And the cat was around.
 They could look at the cat.
 And they would study the people of the eye,
 which changes during the day according to the sun.
 And if they can't see the cat, it's nighttime.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah?
 [APPLAUSE]
 What, that didn't happen, did it?
 You would have to have a cat on you at all times.
 It's more difficult to carry a cat around to know the time
 than it is to just guess the time.
 But it would be a party trick, as you would say.
 Well, then everyone on the party knows you're a ninja, don't they?
 They didn't go to parties.
 Their whole raison d'etre was conceiting their identity.
 Oh, it's just cool as a James Bond of--
 That's what James Bond did.
 You can't keep a cat on the water.
 They hate the water.
 They can do that.
 So patronized by these guys sometimes,
 they could read cat's eyes.
 And also--
 So can we just decancise actually change according to the--
 I do.
 They do very slightly because of the amount of likes on the letter.
 Yeah, but that's not a reliable indicator of time, is it?
 Because if you're in a dark room, but it's midday,
 and you look at the cat and the cat's eyes are massive,
 you think, oh, great, it's nighttime, I can leave my dark room.
 It's nice.
 Midday, you're going to be spotted immediately.
 No, but this is a completely unworkable system.
 It's not a system.
 [APPLAUSE]
 So I'm so angry.
 It's like saying they have an ability.
 Oh, they're going to do it 24 hours a day.
 It must be a lie.
 It's-- you know, they do it when a cat's around, like that's--
 I can do stuff when a cat's around that I
 won't need to do when it's not around.
 We don't need to know about you, probably, though.
 This might be a good moment to mention
 that it's very difficult to study ninjas,
 because there's little side evidence
 that a lot of rumour about what they could do.
 So there are a few really, really good texts,
 like the Book of Ninja, which I'm sure
 down is drawing from here.
 But a lot of people are sort of in pain,
 and they're just going to fly, or that they could read minds,
 or that they could go invisible.
 And that was all bullshit.
 But they could do a lot.
 But the rock, narrowest at noon, when you see their eyes,
 narrowed right in the air.
 Do you know why--
 It's 12 p.m.
 One way they could tell the time, which I thought was quite
 cool, that wasn't one of the books.
 And this was written in like the 1630s, I think,
 was they said, "A way to see if time is passing if you're
 hiding at night to ambush is work out which
 nostril you're breathing out of because you're nostrils."
 So you know how you're only ever breathing out
 of one nostril at a time.
 And this swaps around sporadically.
 And the rule was that it swaps around roughly every hour.
 And so if you're aware that you're nostrils have just swaps,
 then a hammer's gone by.
 All right, all right, ninjas.
 Synchronize your noses.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Can I just say, yeah, there are some people
 who think that ninjas weren't really a thing.
 Like, they didn't exist nearly as much as
 is now believed by popular culture.
 And because there's some little evidence of it,
 so there was a Japan expert from the University of Leeds,
 who said that ninjas actively didn't exist in the way we--
 But that's what ninjas want you to think.
 Oh, yeah.
 There's some kind of hiding all this.
 They're all just underwater.
 So the kind of thing of someone--
 basically, the idea of someone running around in Black
 pajamas is not coherent as an idea,
 because it will be very obvious.
 So it's mostly agricultural land at this time in history.
 So you'd be dressed as a farmer if you were an ninja.
 If you see a guy running around in Black soaking wet pajamas
 with a cat's algorithm, he's going to sink out.
 I mean, so there is lots of--
 so he gave an example, actually.
 So the year is 1,600, two of your enemies are fighting a battle.
 So you send a couple of guys dressed as farmers to the area
 to watch the battle and report back about what's happening.
 That's ninja work.
 So that's the kind of--
 a lot of it was more, I think, observation than nunchucks
 and thrice.
 But it was extremely so efficient.
 So like, it's stories that people tend to think
 are very trustworthy.
 From that period recorded it, there's
 a guy called Fuji Bayashi, who recorded
 a lot of the ninjas methods.
 And they were bound by a sort of spirituality, which
 was ruled by five elements.
 And these elements were wood, fire, earth, metal, and water.
 And these all represented different ways of fighting,
 or hiding, or getting away.
 And they're really funny.
 So he recorded the ways you'd use these different elements.
 So in the water one, it would be, for instance,
 you'd use your sword as the breathing tube.
 Or you would have to be trained to throw large quantities
 of duckweed on water that you think you might escape
 through later, so that you could then hide among its leaves
 and float with them to safety.
 OK, yeah.
 Very clever.
 I found a one that might be an earth method,
 if that's one of the elements.
 So there's apparently a skill called Uzura Gakuri, which
 is curling oneself into a ball to look like a rock.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So you believe that one?
 No, I actually don't.
 But then there's someone who comes disguised as some paper,
 and they can just be a fast guy.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, we're just saying that they don't carry animals with them,
 cats with them.
 But they did.
 Supposedly, carry crickets with them.
 Boxes of crickets.
 And the idea was if they needed to go somewhere,
 but they were a bit noisy, they could then release the crickets.
 And the crickets would make crickety noises,
 and then they could quickly shuffle over
 to where they need to be.
 Ah, that's nice.
 OK, how do they keep the crickets quiet?
 They keep them in a jar or a box.
 This is much more plausible than the cat thing, so far.
 So they also used to wear fake children's feet.
 What do you think?
 The crickets.
 Oh, no.
 No, the ninjas.
 So it is said, I need to say, it is said, is rumored,
 that the ninjas used to wear on the souls of their shoes,
 sort of either children's feet or an elderly woman's foot.
 Didn't know what that looks like.
 So the footprints in, let's say, the sand,
 or their soggy feet coming out of the river,
 be like, which child must have been swimming in that?
 So they wouldn't be deceiving.
 Well, it's true that American cattle wrestlers
 used to wear shoes which had cow hooves on the bottom of them,
 so you would think that it was cows that had gone past
 or horses rather than yet humans.
 And in Bhutan, it said that yetis can take their feet off
 and put them on backwards, so it looks like they've
 gone that way when, in fact, they are on that way.
 I was really trying to help.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that one month before the French Spider
 Man successfully climbed the second tallest building
 in the world, he was hospitalised after falling
 from a seven foot tall traffic light.
 Now, this was to promote his climb of the second--
 what was at the time, actually, the tallest building
 in the world, which was in Taiwan.
 And he was climbing this traffic light.
 The photographer was there.
 He slipped, fell, got 40 stitches, was hospitalised,
 and it jeopardised the actual climb itself.
 They thought he might not be able to do it,
 but he did pull through.
 And he is an urban climber.
 He is.
 Yeah, his name is Alain Roberts.
 And he is online.
 I don't know the community that well,
 but when you see online, he sort of regarded
 as the greatest urban climber of our day.
 I mean, he's in his mid-50s now.
 I think he's about 56.
 And he's still climbing extremely tall buildings.
 It's amazing.
 Although he's bound for climbing in Britain.
 We don't like him.
 He was-- I feel kind of bound for him.
 So he climbed the Heron Tower in London,
 great tall skyscraper.
 And he was arrested the moment he reached the top.
 I just feel like, so he took him over half an hour.
 And he was waiting for him at the top.
 I was like, what else is he going to do?
 I'm going to climb down the thing, are they?
 He's only wasted half an hour.
 I think that's OK.
 You're right.
 And then he's wasted the 20-week suspended jail sentence
 that he got, and £5,500.
 Well, he also, in 2012, he was spotted inside
 the shard building in London.
 And the building's owners subsequently
 obtain the injunction, prevents
 them from ever returning to their building.
 Ah, I thought he'd be saying--
 I thought he'd be saying he realized, oh, I'm on the wrong side.
 He's lost it up the stairs going, this is easy.
 So he's climbed over 150 skyscrapers.
 And one thing he says is that the first two meters
 are almost the most important, because after that,
 the police can't grab your feet.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm so late.
 As Anna was saying, the police are often there waiting
 for him when he gets to the top of the building.
 And I've read in interviews that the only thing he has on him
 is chalk for his hands, as he's climbing,
 and he wears special shoes.
 But that's not quite true, because I think what he also
 carries on him is a task, so he knows what time it is.
 Yes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Box of crickets, so no one can hear him coming.
 His climbing shoes are actually the shape of an old woman's
 feet.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Come on.
 Well, it looks like the old woman climbed
 the south face of the building.
 So no, what he actually does carry with him
 is his passport and his lawyer's number.
 And he just hands that to the police as soon as he gets there.
 But it's quite-- it's probably a common thing.
 Urban climbing.
 It's something that there are quite a few heroes
 of urban climbing.
 In 2016, there was a guy who got in trouble
 because he tried to scale Trump Tower.
 And he sent three hours doing it.
 And he was using suction cups on his hands,
 like hand on his hands and feet, in fact.
 So it was a massive suction cup.
 And he reached the 21st floor.
 But NYPD were desperately trying to catch him.
 It was bizarre to watch.
 So they kept on sort of smashing windows
 up the building to try and reach out, to grab him.
 And they couldn't get him.
 They kept trying to impede his progress like climbing
 through air vents and stuff, I think.
 And they just couldn't do it.
 And eventually, they set up two massive air bags,
 like mattresses, in case he fell down,
 just below him and on the pavement.
 And he was asked afterwards why he'd done it.
 So there was this huge rigmarole, just three hours,
 really just 21st floor.
 And then the police sprung out of the window,
 grabbed him, and pulled him in.
 Said, why on earth have you done that?
 And he said, look, I'm just a political researcher.
 And I really wanted to meet Donald Trump.
 You know, just we were talking about Alan Robert.
 He has vertigo.
 Really?
 He suffers from vertigo.
 And vertigo is sort of feeding the earth
 to free yourself off a great height, isn't it?
 It's not fear of height.
 No, it's all in her inner ear problem,
 which makes you dizzy.
 Yeah, stuff.
 I thought then you got the earth, so you
 feel like the ground was coming towards you.
 I think you feel very dizzy and you feel a bit unstable.
 And he's had that since 1982.
 And he's still done it.
 Yeah.
 He had it after he was showing students
 how to climb with his hands behind his back,
 and then fell 26 feet off the wall.
 Yeah.
 He's married with three kids.
 And I read an interview with his wife,
 because they said, you must be freaked out.
 Every single time he goes and climbs a building,
 how are you feeling?
 And she sort of kind of said, well, I
 knew what I was getting into, really,
 because when she first met him, both of his arms
 were in plaster casts from a wall.
 The one thing that defeated him in London in 2002
 was the weather.
 He got three quarters up the way of number one
 Canada Square in Canary Wharf.
 It was so cold wet and windy, he just got completely stuck
 and had to be rescued by a window-cleaning left.
 Oh.
 It's amazing.
 But it's got a long and illustrious history of inclining,
 which, by the way, it's called--
 it's got a number of names.
 It could be called edificeering or stegopherly.
 So that's the official term for it.
 And I really like the etymology of this.
 So the Greek stegos is roof, so it's
 a love of roof, so it's like climbing up onto roofs.
 It's from the same roof as what's
 like the other word that you just see with stegosaurus.
 Yeah, it's from the same roof as stegosaurus,
 because that means roofed lizard.
 Because when they first found stegosaurus,
 they thought--
 People climbing up it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They had a roof on top.
 No, it was-- so they thought that the plate on top of a stegosaurus
 would be horizontal rather than vertical,
 so they thought that it had a roof over it,
 so it's called roofed lizard.
 That's so cool.
 It's cool.
 But an urban climbing obstacle, stegopherly,
 has a long history in Oxygen Cambridge University.
 So the first urban climber was a guy
 called Jeffrey Winthrop Young, who published a bit
 called the roof climber's guide to Trinity at College
 Cambridge.
 And it gave really detailed instructions
 on which roots to take up.
 And then there was another guy called
 Noel Howard Simmington, who wrote one in 1937.
 Again, nine climbers guide to Cambridge.
 And his pseudonym was Whipple Snaith.
 And this is so weird.
 The person who reviewed his book and wrote
 about the details of climbing up Cambridge buildings
 was also called Whipple.
 He was called Tom Whipple.
 So the modern day Cambridge building
 climber is called Tom Whipple.
 I know Tom Whipple.
 No way.
 Well, I don't know if it's the same Tom Whipple.
 Yeah, I'm sure it will be.
 I know the circles you're moving.
 No, it's good.
 Have you guys heard of the human fly?
 I know there's no anecdote.
 To know the human fly.
 Well, he's a journalist.
 Yeah, he is.
 He's a very nice guy.
 Tell us about the human fly.
 Yeah.
 His name is Tom Whipple.
 So OK, we need to move on.
 So the human fly was a guy called Henry Gardner.
 And he was one of the first really impressive building
 climbers.
 He was in the 1910s and 20s.
 He climbed 700 buildings without gear, frequently wearing a suit.
 And he was paid to do it by companies
 to promote their offices in the new skyscrapers.
 So in 1916, he climbed to the ninth floor window
 of a skyscraper, climbed into the window
 of a bank branch and opened an account at the bank.
 That's what the stunts he did.
 Or he would do the, you know, open an insurance thing.
 And he was really, really famous.
 We don't know what happened to him.
 He went missing in 1925.
 Oh, really?
 He probably fell off a building, didn't he?
 If he was, yes.
 I'm afraid he might have.
 That Robert guy does it for money now, doesn't he?
 He basically does it sponsored and he usually uses
 actual climbing gear and stuff like that.
 But actually, a lot of people do die.
 So this Harry Gardner, who was, actually,
 it was Grover Cleveland, the president who
 nicknamed him the human flight, apparently.
 And he said that 120 of those who sought to imitate me
 in this hazardous profession have fallen to death.
 So he was saying that that happened.
 And people have looked into this.
 Scientists have looked into it.
 There's been a study in 2006.
 And they said, in every country, there
 is an excess of male deaths due to potentially
 avoidable reasons.
 According to their theory, this is what they
 quote to the saying, men are idiots.
 And idiots do stupid things.
 And on that note, we need to move onto our final fact
 of the show.
 And that is James.
 OK.
 My fact this week is that in the early Eurovision Song
 Contests, songs could not be performed in public before the event.
 One Danish song was banned after the composer whistled it
 in a TV broadcaster's canteen.
 Wow.
 This is incredible.
 So yeah, this was in the bit where you had
 to become the Danish entry.
 And there were six different songs.
 And this guy was just in the canteen having his lunch.
 And he was just kind of whistling it to himself.
 And then they did the actual thing where they performed it.
 And the people that were going, sounds a bit familiar, isn't it?
 And then they got banned.
 No.
 And what is he maybe secretly doing it to try
 and to seed the tune in people's minds
 or is there no suggestion of that?
 You know what, I haven't thought of that.
 But yeah, I mean, probably not.
 I think that's a very cynical take.
 Well, an amazing song.
 But they were like, wait, that's the song I heard in that canteen
 a week ago.
 What a shame it couldn't enter.
 Yeah, that's true.
 What a great whistler he must be.
 Whistler, everyone is a better whistler than they are a singer.
 What?
 It's easier to match a tune that you've heard whistling
 than it is singing.
 There are some people who can't whistle, right?
 I've met a few people who can't whistle.
 Right.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So yeah, well, OK, hang on.
 If you can whistle, you are a better whistler, probably,
 than you are a singer.
 It's much weaker than--
 Tell me about Todd Whipple.
 That's interesting, really.
 Well, they've looked at that.
 That's not just your opinion.
 It's not just my opinion.
 Well, this isn't an opinion based on that.
 They've done studies to test the picture whistler.
 They've done studies asking people, can you repeat this tune
 sung or repeat it?
 And it's because-- I mean, you know, it's obviously much easier
 to make a tune on the musical instrument,
 because they're specifically designed to match the specific notes.
 But muscles are just a bit less precise.
 I've been getting closer with it in your opinion.
 You know, when the Eurovision song contest first started,
 Britain decided we didn't want to take part
 in this Eurovision song contest.
 So we decided to have our own British song contest
 of British populist songs, which was one by Dennis Lotus,
 who was born in South Africa.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because I don't really understand about Eurovision.
 And I think it is bigger here than it is in Britain.
 But it's the continent's systems every year
 that it's not political.
 It should never be political.
 And it's just about the music.
 But it is so patiently political.
 I don't understand why everyone doesn't embrace that.
 So there have been everything about the history of Eurovision.
 In 2009, though, it was just after the Russia Georgia conflict.
 And Georgia had to withdraw its entry,
 because the organizers had told them they had to change
 their lyrics and the title of their entry song, which
 was, we don't want to put in, which
 is a very unveiled reference to Putin.
 So yeah.
 And then it's back and forth all the time.
 Yeah, there was-- when it first came,
 it was supposed to bring Europe together.
 But Turkey pulled out in 1976, because Greece were taking part.
 But then Greece pulled out in 1975,
 because Turkey were taking part.
 Greece sent to Ireland in 2008, because they
 mentioned Macedonia.
 And they sent to Finland in 2007 for being satanic.
 But then Finland censored Israel in the same year
 for mentioning nuclear weapons.
 And this year, Israel's embassy complained
 to the Netherlands after they paraded their Eurovision winner.
 And Iran moved all of its diplomats from Azerbaijan in 2012
 and protested it, hosting the contest,
 even though Iran's nothing to do with Eurovision.
 And when Israel won in 1978, the TV show in Georgia
 told viewers that Belgium had won.
 And in 1973, Portugal arrested the writer of its own song.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because they thought it wasn't fascist enough.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 Very cool.
 So glad and so glad we're all friends together.
 Do you know Salvador Dali was involved with the Eurovision
 song?
 Yeah, 1969, the stage-- so it was in Madrid.
 And the stage had this giant sculpture, a metal sculpture
 on stage.
 And that was designed by Salvador Dali.
 But not only that, he also designed their press material,
 all the press packages and stuff.
 That sounds like an early job.
 That's different, isn't it?
 Now, he was a man who had trouble telling the time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Let's face it.
 [APPLAUSE]
 The 1978 one was particularly controversial.
 So the 1970s was the one that Israel won.
 I think, and during the contest, it became obvious
 that Israel was going to win.
 And most Arabic countries were transmitting it
 on their TV stations.
 And they canceled the transmission as soon as it became obvious.
 So they were just quickly flipped to another channel
 within their explanation.
 And actually, you say that the children said that Belgium had won.
 And they just replaced their transmission
 with a bunch of daffodils.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Very cool.
 So it was a-- you mentioned the British equivalent.
 Yes.
 There was a Soviet Union equivalent as well,
 which was called Intervision, the Individuals song contest.
 It only happened four times.
 And we've spoken about this before.
 Is this was the way that you voted?
 It was that-- a lot of people didn't have
 telephones in the Soviet Union.
 So you had to turn on your lights if you liked the song.
 And you had to turn them off if you didn't like the song.
 And they just measured the load on each country's electricity
 network.
 No.
 And that determined how many points you got.
 Nice.
 That's clever.
 Yeah, that's true.
 And it was amazing.
 It was the wild west of songs, of some contest.
 So for example, one entrant in those four years
 stayed on stage for 45 minutes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just kept going until they were removed.
 The thing about that is that you had to--
 I think someone else pointed this out in our class reading--
 you had to sit in pitch dark for all of the songs you didn't like.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You can't turn your lights on.
 How miserable you don't like the song anyway.
 Also, bizarrely, Canada was an entrant in two of the, I think,
 four years that that was going.
 They have weird entrants, like the fact that Australia
 is a neurovisionist, obviously, a bit weird,
 and also a bit painful, because they
 have the highest score on average, the Australians.
 I'm an Aussie.
 Fuck you, I'm fine.
 So good.
 We've been there in five times.
 And in three of those five, we've made it to the top 10.
 Yeah, I wonder how many of you were.
 What did you come this year?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I feel we're all going to lose the reggae of Sweden.
 Yeah, do you know if you actually go to the Eurovision
 Song Contest, what you have to do is adhere to very strict rules
 about what can go in with you.
 So most places you go to, there's a list of things
 that are not allowed to be taken into a venue.
 But with the European Song Contest, it's things
 like helmets, adhesive tape, golf balls, another loud,
 and shopping trolleys.
 They specify shopping trolleys.
 It just feels like they're each year they're responding
 to one disastrous entry.
 So I think about within the last decade,
 the Greek team performed on a trampoline.
 Did they?
 Yeah.
 So I don't know if trampolines are on the list.
 No, I mean, no, this is for the people coming.
 It's not for the people.
 Sorry, it's for audience people, sorry, OK.
 There hasn't been something in the Eurovision Song Contest
 just singing and hitting golf balls into the audience.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It would be so unsurprising.
 Yeah.
 So there was the Russians who came second, I think,
 a few years ago, with that team of grannies
 who baked bread on stage.
 Yeah.
 I mean, it is a strange contest.
 There was-- in 1985, the contest was held in Gothenburg.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Cool.
 It's such an easy way of getting the cheers.
 Shameless.
 And it was very popular amongst British viewers.
 And a lot of people tuned in, where you wouldn't really
 think they would do.
 And that's because the Swedish entry was
 entitled Bra vibration.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is that--
 Wow.
 Wow.
 For-- is that some kind of milking tool?
 Well, for the people who are in this room,
 I believe it means good vibrations.
 Oh, I see.
 Wow, vibration.
 In 1997, Denmark's entry was a rap indian-ish about a guy
 who had fallen in love with a woman from directory inquiries.
 In 1918, Norway's entry was a song about the construction
 of a hydroelectric power plant.
 Estonia in 2013 had a song, which repeatedly
 just said the phrase, "A local man called Kostakov
 went to Latvia yesterday."
 And in 2006, Lithuania had a song called
 "We are the winners," which just said,
 "We are the winners again and again and again and again."
 And they came sick.
 I want to know if they ever found a local man called Kostakov.
 We're going to have to rock off, guys.
 Well, OK, what do I think?
 Yeah.
 The first person to get in Ilpoir, as in no points in Eurovision,
 was a guy called Jan Tegen from Norway.
 OK.
 But he became a national hero, because he got no points.
 And his song was number one for two months.
 I'm remained in the top 10 for three months afterwards.
 And he also had a number one album called "This Year's Loser."
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 And Andrew Hunterow.
 James.
 @JayTuckham.
 And Shazinski.
 You can hear my podcast at kiroy.com.
 Yep, where you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthin.
 You can also go to our website.
 Nosuchthin is a fish.com.
 We have everything up there.
 All of our previous episodes, all of our upcoming tour dates.
 That's the end of our show, everyone.
 Thank you so much, Gothenburg.
 You've been amazing.
 We'll see you again.
 Good night.
 Thank you.
 [APPLAUSE]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
