 (electronic music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (electronic music)
 (electronic music)
 - Now, I'm a land welcome to another episode
 of no such thing as a fish-a-weekly podcast.
 This week, coming to you live from Glasgow.
 (cheering)
 - My name is Jan Schreiber and I am sitting here
 with Anich Zinski, Andrew Huntemari, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order.
 Here, we go, starting with you, James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that there is only one person
 in the world who can predict the future using asparagus.
 (laughing)
 - For 2019, she has predicted extreme temperatures,
 a recession in the US, and an all-time high
 in asparagus sales.
 (laughing)
 - So, when you say she can predict the future.
 - What's that success rate?
 - Well, it was really hot last week.
 - So 100%.
 - Oh, so far.
 - Yep.
 - Yeah, actually, she claims to have a very high percentage,
 but these people always do, don't they?
 Okay, let's see some of the other things that she says.
 She says, "This year, fears of Brexit will be unfounded."
 Yeah, maybe.
 "The trade war between China and the US will end,
 but there'll be a recession.
 England's women's football team will win the World Cup,
 fingers crossed."
 (laughing)
 (laughing)
 - Pick your audience, James, take your audience.
 - You don't, you don't want you to forget which country you're in.
 (laughing)
 - James looked genuinely shocked when he saw the boat.
 - What happened?
 - Why do they hate women so much?
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, not cool that guy, not cool.
 - That the hierarchy is nationalism, then feminism.
 (laughing)
 - Good, anyway, yes, so there's this lady,
 and she does that stuff, and it's obviously bullshit.
 - She, well, she...
 - Well, hang on.
 - She has a Twitter account, I went on it today,
 and one of the other predictions that she had is that she said
 that the Oscars this year, a star is born, would have success,
 but British actors will also be in the mix.
 So she was correct about Olivia Cole,
 and a star is born, I think, one, the best song,
 and she wrote a tweet just going, "Got it right."
 She's very proud.
 She said, "Another great success rate for the old."
 - What'd she call herself?
 - She calls herself Mystic Veg.
 (laughing)
 - She's pretty strong.
 - Yeah, she's an asparamenser, it's called Asparamenser.
 - You can just put "Moncer" on the end of any word,
 and it means you tell the future by it, can't you?
 And it's great, and they've been doing this.
 It was in the medieval period, I think,
 when they look back over classical texts,
 and they went, "God, those old ancient Romans
 "and Greeks told the future in weird ass ways,
 "let's just call them all "Moncer" some things."
 And so there are so many "Moncies", as Tyra "Moncy",
 which is one of my favorites,
 which is telling the future by how cheese can regulate.
 - Yeah, I read one version of this Tyra "Moncy",
 which is you get a cheese, you wait for it to go moldy,
 and then you look at the mold,
 and that tells you the name of your husband.
 - Oh.
 I thought, yeah, I read something similar to that,
 which is it's the names of various suitors
 that you write onto the cheese,
 and the bit that the mold grows over
 is who you're gonna pick grows over all the names,
 you're in for a lot of...
 (laughing)
 - How does it tell you the name of your,
 do you say the name of your husband?
 - Yeah, actually,
 but unusually for this podcast,
 what Dan said sounded a lot more sensible to me.
 (laughing)
 - Do you remember it's exactly like
 when we used to peel apples?
 Did everyone used to do this and you peeled an apple
 and then you threw the peel in the air?
 And what it is probably just what girls did in the pre-Feminist world,
 and the shape that Apple Peel landed in
 was the first letter of your future husband's name.
 So everyone thought their future husband's name would start with S.
 (laughing)
 - This is quite a cool thing.
 There is a thing called allureomancy,
 which is not about being alluring,
 it's about baking messages into little balls of dough.
 And this happened in ancient Greece,
 and the balls would be mixed up,
 and they'd have different messages on them,
 and then you would pick one.
 And that is basically a fortune cookie.
 - Yeah.
 - The ancient Greeks have fortune cookies.
 That's what I'm trying to say.
 - That's really cool.
 - There's also gyramancy,
 which is the idea of you just start walking in a circle
 and keep walking, and around the perimeter of where you're walking,
 they leave letters at the alphabet,
 so you start spelling something out,
 and the idea is you keep going until you start stumbling
 into these letters, and then you keep going
 until it starts spelling something out,
 and then you keep going until finally you spell out a consistent sentence.
 And if you don't do that, you just keep going
 until either you die or go mad.
 And that's what they used to do back in the day.
 - Back in the day.
 - Back in the day.
 - Yeah.
 - Back in the day.
 - I know, it's just safe.
 It's not BC, but it actually dates just back in the day.
 - I like this kind of telling the future from Iran.
 It's called Falguj.
 And it's the act of standing in a dark corner
 and listening to the conversations of passes by.
 - Oh, I didn't know there was a word for what I did.
 (laughing)
 - That's great.
 - In 2008, there was some research that found that you can make
 someone like certain foods.
 If you convince them that they loved it the first time they tried it.
 So you say to them, "When you were a kid,
 "you had this and you absolutely loved it."
 And you can make it so that they used to hate something
 and now they really like it.
 And that work was funded by the Asparagus Industry.
 (laughing)
 - I didn't know this about Asparagus.
 Asparagus can grow a centimeter an hour.
 - Wow.
 - What?
 - It can.
 - You can watch that.
 If I had the day of work and I grew asparagus,
 I'd probably try and see it move.
 (laughing)
 - Is that how they do it?
 Do they just go, "Boom."
 In the space of 24 hours, do we get them really quick?
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - It grows fast.
 - It literally, you just pull water on it
 and it goes, "Boom."
 In 24 hours, it doesn't lay that noise.
 - It probably, if you spit it up, it probably does make that noise.
 - That's incredible.
 - I know.
 - What grows that fast?
 - The asparagus.
 (laughing)
 - And bamboo, as we know.
 - You know that all the asparagus that we eat is male.
 - No.
 - That's a good news for this woman hating audience.
 (laughing)
 (laughing)
 - So those asparagus have rocketed in Glasgow.
 (laughing)
 - I don't know if that's a win for women, isn't it?
 I don't think you want to be.
 - It is, yeah.
 - So basically, the male stalks are a lot bigger
 and juicier than the female stalks,
 but that's because...
 (laughing)
 No, you're writing your own jokes now, guys.
 (laughing)
 Well, the reason is...
 (laughing)
 The reason is, because the females, they create the berries,
 and so they need to use all the energy
 to do something actually useful.
 - Oh.
 - Whereas all the men have to do is just grow and be juicy.
 - Right.
 (laughing)
 Nice.
 We're gonna have to move on shortly to our next fact.
 I've just got one or two things.
 Hey, if anyone, by the way, is thinking
 of going to the asparagus festival,
 there is exciting stuff that goes on,
 and the stuff that goes on afterwards,
 they had a 10-year anniversary not too long ago,
 and you can do tours on buses.
 It's the asparagus bus tours, and yeah, those are really fun.
 But actually, you've got to make sure to pick the right year
 'cause a few years ago, they had to cancel the festival
 due to lack of asparagus.
 There wasn't enough.
 There was a flooding, and it kind of ruined the crops
 that were growing.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - But it turns out that asparagus played a very important role
 in the formation of Darwin coming up
 with the theory of evolution.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, it was part of the evolution of the theory of evolution.
 What it was is, Darwin kept wondering why things can be seen,
 you know, it's a certain type of lettuces can be seen
 in places halfway across the world.
 How do they get there?
 How do they travel?
 What goes on?
 So he had a butler called Mr. Parslow,
 and Mr. Parslow and him filled a tub full of salt water
 to replicate the conditions of the ocean,
 and they put a bunch of seeds in to see if the seeds would float
 and how long they would float for.
 So they had cabbage seeds, radish seeds, and so on.
 They lasted for 42 days, which was really impressive.
 However, asparagus seeds lasted for 85 days,
 they would float for that long.
 But the important bit was they then took the seed
 out of the seawater tub and buried it,
 and it grew into a asparagus like lit boots right away.
 (audience laughing)
 And so that meant that they could travel,
 that they could still germinate once they were in the soil.
 So then they put the seeds inside a bird,
 and then they killed the bird,
 and they threw them a bathtub.
 What is the story?
 (audience laughing)
 The worst bedtime story.
 (audience laughing)
 - Dan's child hasn't slept for three weeks during this story.
 - Twinkle, twinkle, little star,
 or shoot the bird with the asparagus seed in its tummy.
 (audience laughing)
 So then what they worked out was the bird,
 still you could take the seed out of the bird
 all those days later, and it would still grow.
 So the asparagus seed helped Darwin to realize
 it could travel via bird or via ocean.
 - Do you know, can I just make sure
 that you know that has nothing to do with evolution?
 (audience laughing)
 - What you just said.
 (audience laughing)
 - That is not by, do you think evolution
 is the proof that stuff can travel long distances?
 (audience laughing)
 - That sounds like just an idle side project,
 the whole drowning bird in the bathroom for Darwin.
 (audience laughing)
 - Do you let me tell that whole story?
 (audience laughing)
 - He still did it.
 Could I just another famous person
 who looked into asparagus was Benjamin Franklin,
 and he formed a theory based on the fact
 that it makes your wee smell.
 Although does everyone have that eye,
 'cause I don't think that asparagus makes your wee smell.
 - Well, you are wrong, 'cause it does so.
 - Well, no, some people can detect it and some people can't.
 - Well, it's not my fault.
 - Not many people can't detect it.
 I think if you can't detect it.
 - I'm special.
 - You have a thing.
 - Yeah, you've got a thing called specific a nozzmere.
 So that's why you can't smell a particular smell.
 - The asparagus wee smell, yeah.
 - But the asparagus does other people claim it makes your wee smell.
 And Ben Franklin wrote a letter to the Royal Academy of Brussels
 using as asparagus as an example of how what we eat
 can impact the smell of what we excrete.
 So he was saying asparagus makes your wee smell kind of gross.
 Well, how about we work on this, 'cause thoughts smell gross.
 And if we know that stuff we eat
 can make what comes out,
 can change the smell of stuff that comes out of us.
 Why don't we work out what we need to eat
 in order for Farts to smell nice?
 And he thought it was a really big idea,
 'cause he was saying cause his disease,
 'cause well-bred people hold their Farts in solely
 because they're gonna stink the place out
 if they let one rip.
 And so he said, if we could get a pill or something,
 we could feed people to make your Farts smell like perfume,
 then people would actually want to do it.
 - And that's evolution.
 (laughing)
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, and it's time for fact number two,
 and that is Chazinski.
 - My fact this week is that the composer,
 Haydn's wife, cared so little about her husband's work
 that she used to tear up his scores
 to use as hair curlers and pastry underlays.
 - That's crazy.
 Was this sort of before, he sold them 21 or before,
 was it just a thing that he did?
 - It was just throughout his life.
 So actually he wrote a lot and she just found them
 lying around and she knew nothing about music
 and did not care.
 Haydn once said, it makes not a blind bit of difference
 to my wife whether I'm a musician or a cobbler.
 And so she'd find them and she'd be like,
 oh, that looks handy, I'll put a pie on that.
 - Yeah, well, I mean, he wrote 108 symphonies,
 20 operas, 47 of sonatas, 68 quartets,
 178 trios, 14 masses and six oratorios.
 So, I mean, that's a lot of paper.
 - Yeah.
 - Is it recycling?
 - It's recycling.
 - Yeah.
 She didn't like him very much either.
 - Oh, that is true.
 - I think she was doing it deliberately.
 They had a very sad marriage.
 So he basically, he fell in love when he was very young,
 her Joseph Haydn with a woman called Teresa.
 And she couldn't marry him.
 And so her father said, you want to marry her older sister
 who's this really unpleasant woman called Maria Anna.
 And he felt bad.
 So he was like, okay, cool, I'm marrying her
 and said that sounds great.
 And apparently she had a very domineering
 and unfriendly character.
 She used to spend all of his money very freely.
 So he went to great lengths to hide his income
 so she wouldn't know about it.
 And when she died, he was completely indifferent, apparently.
 - Well, they lived apart, didn't they, for...
 - Towards the end they did here.
 - Yes, for 40 years.
 - Well, the last 40 years.
 (audience laughing)
 - He was housed, he had a job where he was housed
 this printer's castle where she did live with him
 quite a lot of the time.
 - Right, okay.
 - Because then he had to towards the end,
 he was in London and she sent him a letter saying,
 she used to send him letters saying things like,
 by the way, if you die tomorrow,
 there's no money to bury you.
 Really nice, love letters like that when he was away.
 And she wrote him a letter in London saying,
 I really need money because you're gonna die soon
 and I need a house to live in as a widow.
 So can you please buy me one?
 And he did.
 I read with the letters that it got to the point
 where they were communicating just by sending each other's
 letters, but I didn't never open the letters that she sent
 and he was convinced that she didn't either.
 So they were just sending each other these things.
 It remained completely unopened.
 No idea what was being said.
 - Wow.
 - No communication.
 - Yeah, pretty crazy.
 - He item was very influential.
 He's not very well-known these days, I think,
 unless you're a classical music fan.
 - He's less well-known than like Beethoven and Mozart.
 - Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 - He was great friends with Mozart from this life.
 - Yeah.
 - And I really like, I've just been reading a tiny bit
 about Haydn's music.
 So he wrote his string quartet in E flat
 is known as the joke.
 'Cause he put, basically, he practical jokes in this string quartet
 'cause it's got lots of false endings
 to catch the audience out.
 - That's quite cool, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - And he wrote something called the surprise symphony,
 which is he used to just turn up a people's houses
 and play that, don't know.
 - It's really, really quiet, apart from one very loud bit.
 (laughing)
 And then it never gets referred to again.
 It doesn't get repeated as a motif.
 It's just really, really quiet.
 All the way through, apart from one way.
 He goes, "Wow!"
 (laughing)
 - I like, there's also one he wrote,
 which is called the Palandrome, which starts one way,
 and then it just goes back on itself as a musical piece.
 - That's cool.
 - But the first one, the joke is amazing,
 'cause he would literally, the piece would finish
 and the audience would go,
 and then he would play again.
 - And the whole thing just has the audience go,
 "Ugh!"
 - To a point.
 - He was like Les Dorsen of his day, wasn't he?
 (laughing)
 - He was actually, he was a prankster.
 - What's up?
 - I can't remember any of Les Dorsen's.
 - I've got to say, that is not exactly a 2019 reference.
 - No, it's a great reference.
 - What do you mean?
 - No, it's a problem.
 He got kicked out of his choir when he was very young,
 because he chopped off one of the choir boys' pigtails.
 - Wow.
 - Just as a prank, just as a fun prank,
 he was very good-natured apparently.
 So he was known as Papa Hayden.
 And yeah, as you say, he was best friends with Mozart.
 There's a really moving moment
 when he was called to move to London,
 when he was about 60 by that point,
 and he suddenly got this invitation,
 and Mozart walked into the coaching station to say goodbye,
 and then they had a moment where Mozart said,
 "I suppose this is the last time we'll see each other
 "in this life, 'cause Hayden's, you know,
 "in those days I was getting on a bit."
 And Hayden said, "Oh, don't you worry about me,
 "I'm feeling really strong,
 "but then actually Mozart obviously died
 "at the age of 35, and that year, so he was fine."
 - Oh, you were gonna say that Hayden got into the coach
 and drove off, and then he came back a minute later,
 but it was surprise!
 (audience laughing)
 And one of the last time we'll see each other, I'm here.
 - Have you, did you guys read about his boss?
 Hayden's boss?
 - No.
 - So he spent 30 years working for a royal house,
 'cause that was how you made your living as a musician.
 You didn't have really big mass concerts,
 you had a private patron.
 So his boss was Prince Paul and Ton Esther Hazee,
 or Esther Hazee.
 - Esther Houser.
 - Esther Houser, sorry.
 And he had total control, basically, of Hayden's life.
 So he could dictate how he dressed.
 Hayden wasn't automatically allowed to send
 and what he knew works.
 He had to submit them all to his highness,
 and he was partly paid in semolina beef,
 cabbages and lard during his work.
 He wasn't allowed to eat and drink with the other musicians
 in case they stopped respecting him,
 'cause he was the boss, and every morning and afternoon,
 he had to go to the prince and say,
 "Would you like to hear a concert or an opera tonight?"
 And if the prince had, yes, he had to go and prepare one.
 - Wow, yeah.
 He did insist on being paid partly in wine as well,
 which is, along with other nasty stuff.
 But he did, he lived in this place.
 And Prince Esther Houser had this weird castle
 that he built like a fantasy castle,
 which sounds awful in this big swamp,
 where they had to spend about 10 months of the year,
 and he built this huge opera house
 where Hayden had to compose these operas
 that burned down, and he immediately built a new one.
 And Hayden was still very popular there,
 and he had this team of musicians around him,
 and they all did indeed respect him a lot,
 to the extent that the musicians used to go to the tavern,
 which also the prince built on the land,
 and they used to get really pissed,
 and they weren't allowed their wives there,
 so everyone was getting a bit antsy at month number nine,
 and there was a moment where the cellist punched
 an oboist in the face when they got a bit pissed,
 and he also-- - And Trombolus went,
 "Wah, wah, wah."
 (all laughing)
 - It's actually a really serious incident, so.
 (all laughing)
 It's really unappreciated that Trombone moment.
 He punched him in the face, and he lost an eye,
 'cause he was wearing his ring-- - Oh, no, no, no, no.
 - Not Bill, Bill. - No.
 (all laughing)
 He was missing an eye, and he was a bit pissed off,
 but Hayden stepped in, and managed to make them settle it
 amicably, so this guy has removed the eye of his coworker,
 and they worked together happily for another seven years.
 - That's all right.
 - And then he took the other eye, and that was too far,
 'cause that was not funny.
 - We should say, should we say what happened to Hayden after he died?
 - Oh, yeah. - I think we should.
 It was very bizarre, so he died, finally, quite old,
 and then as soon as he died, his head was stolen,
 and it was stolen by a guy he knew, actually,
 who's married, he'd helped to set up,
 so it was planned to slap in the face,
 this guy called Rosenbaum, who was very interested
 in phrenology, which was the study of skulls,
 and what that meant about your intelligence,
 and so he stole his head with his mate,
 and it used to be displayed in his mate's house
 in this little box, which had a little glass window
 and it sat on a cushion, and imagine going to your friend's house,
 and they said, "Oh, do you see something really cool?"
 And then you just got the dead head of your former mate,
 sitting in a display case.
 - Yeah, they didn't know about it until his patron,
 who was a new prince by this time called Nicholas,
 he decided, you know, the burial we gave Hayden,
 it wasn't good enough, he needs a more dignified burial place,
 so they wanted to re-enter him somewhere grander,
 they dug him up, and they found his head was missing,
 and it was incredibly upsetting.
 So the authorities, you know, prompted by the prince,
 they searched the home of Rosenbaum,
 and he gave them a different skull,
 I don't know where he got that one from.
 - He collected skulls.
 - And then they got wise to it,
 'cause they looked at the skull, they'd be given,
 he said, "This is a young man's skull,
 it's not Hayden, it was very Albany died."
 And he said, "All right, you got me, here's Hayden skull."
 They gave him another fake skull.
 So there were now three skulls in circulation,
 one of which is Hayden.
 - Do you know how they hid Hayden skull?
 - No. - It's very cool.
 So they had Hayden skull in the house,
 and they hid it inside the mattress,
 and then he Rosenbaum made his wife lie on the mattress
 and pretend to be menstruating.
 And everyone searching the house was too afraid
 to go near her, and so they didn't lie in the skull.
 - That was a quick pretend to be menstruating.
 - Ooh! - I know that's not what happened, so...
 (audience laughing)
 - You're confusing menstruating
 with being on a ghost train, don't you think?
 - Ooh!
 - I like the way that these guys looking
 for Hayden are basically playing Hayden's seek.
 - Ah! - Ah!
 - Wow.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay, we need to move on.
 Do we get to the other side where we did?
 Okay, let's move on.
 It's time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that to stop people stealing
 American road signs with the number 69 on them,
 Washington State has replaced many of them
 with signs that now read 68.9.
 (audience laughing)
 How is there a big plan?
 So this is a big problem in America.
 This is a thing called mile markers.
 So when you're driving, it tells you,
 either how many miles you have to get to somewhere
 or how many are left,
 and these keep getting stolen.
 And it's not just 69 that get stolen.
 There is also the 420.
 And yeah.
 420 is a--
 - Well, the police have been notified
 of everyone who just came.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, so 420 is a drug reference
 for the 20th of April.
 It's International Cannabis Day, I believe it is,
 or Smokers Day, yeah.
 - Okay.
 - So those have been replaced as well.
 So those are now 419.9, and this is a big problem in America.
 'Cause they have, they've had 200 stolen
 over the last since about 2012.
 They do cost a lot.
 - There's a whole Wikipedia page on street sign theft.
 So for instance, there's a big list of them.
 Richard Bong State's recreation area,
 keep having their sign stolen,
 because there's a word Bong in there.
 Ragged ass road in Yellow Knife.
 (audience laughing)
 They had to keep changing their signs.
 But whole road in England, they had to keep losing that.
 They eventually renamed it to Archers Way.
 So this is happening all over the world
 in hilariously named places.
 (audience laughing)
 - Do you guys know about a place called Burgaults in the US?
 - Nope, no.
 - No, you wouldn't, 'cause it's made up.
 But this is a place.
 This is a pair of men called Mika and Mont,
 who have been trying to redesign America's road signs.
 And they finally confirm that they'd redesigned them recently.
 And they've invented a fictional town called Burgaults,
 ERGAULTS, because it involves some of the hardest letters
 to sign.
 And that's all those vowels apparently.
 They look really blurry.
 They fill in a bit when you're far away.
 The G always difficult.
 Why does a G look completely different types
 than it does written?
 And so they have that as their archetypal.
 - An amazing observation they can't even.
 It's like Peter K was in the room.
 - Wait till you find out about A.
 - It's any GM, stuck on G.
 - Okay.
 - So yeah, and they would do it by they'd make signs
 saying Burgaults, and then they'd lean them against fences.
 And then they'd like walk up a hill
 or walk 500 meters away.
 And then they'd see how clear they could see them
 compared to our normal signposts.
 And in this manner, they've convinced American Outer
 change all of its road sign fonts.
 And they did that in 2004.
 - But there's a lot of controversy about this.
 - Yeah.
 - So the original American font on all American roads
 was called Highway Gothic.
 That was the name, which is pretty cool.
 And then their font is called Clearview.
 - Yeah.
 - And there were all these studies saying
 it was much clearer to read, Clearview.
 And you could see it, if you were driving at night,
 and you saw a sign that was in Clearview,
 you could read it 74 feet further away than Highway Gothic.
 - Wow.
 - So that gives you a couple more seconds,
 let's say, of reaction time.
 So it will stop you having a crash, perhaps.
 And that could actually save lives.
 More or fewer people could die on the roads,
 depending on whether you choose Clearview or Highway Gothic.
 But there have now been more studies
 saying that Highway Gothic is better.
 So Clearview has just had its approval removed.
 I think this year is, and it's approval put on hold.
 - The Highway Gothic factions have come out.
 - Right.
 - They've been it down.
 But it's all in caps lock Highway Gothic.
 So with America, they have all their signs and capitals,
 which is terrible for signage.
 Because capitals, you can't distinguish shapes.
 It just looks like one big rectangle.
 So when you're far away, you can't tell as much.
 Whereas on our signs here,
 then you see the little tails of the G or the Y
 or the other tailed letters.
 You all know what they are.
 (all laughing)
 - G, Y, P. - P.
 - P is another good one and a cue, of course.
 - What was that?
 - J. - J. - J.
 - J. - J. - J.
 - Anyway. - Maybe we should take this.
 - No, no, I think we're on the brink of something.
 - No, it's alright.
 - Oh, I found out, in fact, mice make sign posts
 in their fields, and they make them out of leaves and twigs
 so they don't get lost.
 - Oh. - Who the?
 - What font are they using?
 And as a capstock.
 (all laughing)
 - This is wood mice.
 They move objects, like a leaf or a twig,
 to mark a side that interests them.
 And they regularly, when they're exploring around it,
 they rear up on their hind legs and they look
 to make sure they can still see their little street sign
 before they explore.
 - Oh, wow.
 One place which has problems with losing signs
 is fin glass in North Dublin.
 And that is because that is where Bono was born.
 And so a lot of you two fans go and steal the road sign
 from his road.
 So literally, the streets have no name.
 (all laughing)
 It doesn't sound, it sounds like I've made it all up
 just for the puns like that.
 - No, it really is true.
 - It really is true.
 - We're first designed for cyclist road signs
 in the 19th century to warning road signs.
 But I want to test you guys because there was a study
 done recently that showed that most people
 can't identify most road signs now.
 And even, actually this is gonna be hard
 'cause you probably read it.
 But there are three basic shapes.
 - I know one.
 - So the circle where it's like a red circle
 with a white band in the middle of it.
 - Yeah.
 - That means shot cut.
 (all laughing)
 - So three types of road signs,
 there's a circle, the triangle and the rectangle.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Does anyone know the difference between
 what those things mean?
 - Is it the circle, was it circle, triangle,
 and triangle's running?
 - Yeah, and circle is--
 - Circle is bad.
 - Through this now, whatever it says,
 you must bloody well do it.
 And then the square is, there's a nice castle over there.
 - Right, yeah.
 - Okay, that's sort of, one is very wrong.
 So I hope you're joking.
 The circle is absolutely, don't do it.
 Please don't.
 But there are people don't understand this.
 Anything in a red circle means
 this is bad, but I think it doesn't have a cross through it.
 No one realizes.
 So there was this survey done that said,
 what does this I mean that has a red circle?
 And it shows, it's known as the low flying motorbike sign,
 I think, because it shows a car.
 And then on top of it, a little motorbike.
 - So that means no vehicles.
 - It means no vehicles.
 Most people who did this survey said,
 well, it means only cars and motorbikes are allowed.
 (all laughing)
 - People have no idea.
 - That's the problem in Italy.
 There's a town that has started,
 they have a big problem in this one town
 where there's a lot of prostitutes on the side of the road
 and they're trying to not encourage people to stop
 and do business with them.
 So they created signs, again, with a pictogram
 on it of what was a prostitute.
 And it says underneath it, prostitutes.
 But most people didn't know if it was sort of saying,
 oh no.
 (all laughing)
 They actually increased traffic
 because most people were slowing down.
 (all laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Andy.
 - My fact is that flies like to date
 the same sort of flies as their fly friends.
 (all laughing)
 - I don't even know where to start with that.
 - Yeah.
 - Do you mean fly friends?
 Are they really cool friends?
 - No, I just mean the friends who are flies.
 - All right.
 - So this is really cool.
 It's all about how flies choose which other flies to court.
 So scientists, they painted a load of male fruit flies
 different colors, okay?
 They painted some pink and some green.
 And they set up a date between one female
 and the two males, one pink and one green.
 And then behind some glass,
 they had another female fly watching this date.
 - This sounds like a channel five show this year.
 (all laughing)
 - And so the female inside chose one of the males.
 She chose pink or green to make with.
 And then the observer female flies
 who been watching this whole ring roll
 were given the chance a day later,
 which is quite a long time in fly years.
 That's like three years later,
 they get the chance for a date of their own.
 And when they were given the chance,
 they almost always picked the color
 that the female before had chosen.
 So they remembered this.
 And even when they were presented with two male flies
 that were apparently hideous.
 - Yeah, I mean, 'cause they probably in real life
 don't see many flies painted pink and green, don't they?
 - Yeah, yeah. - So yeah, it's very strange.
 And so what does this tell us about flies?
 - I don't know.
 - I don't know.
 - Okay, well I thought you did, that's why I asked you.
 So the idea is that because the flies
 are passing on behavioral traits between each other,
 they might have some kind of culture.
 As in, a culture is where someone does something
 and then they kind of talk everyone else
 into doing it and then you become a kind of,
 everyone goes to Glastonbury.
 - Right, they then got female observers again
 behind the glass to watch a fly orgy
 between lots of males and lots of females.
 - These flies really lucked out, didn't they?
 They must have been bragging to their friends.
 I've been involved in this study.
 You have no idea.
 I never need to pay for porn again.
 - Just an interesting thing about fly sex
 because if they're having this big orgy,
 the problem is, is flies have sex while they're flying.
 So they flies, certain flies have a special kind
 of genitalia gonads that just have to just move around
 to wherever the female fly is flying.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah, so if she banks left and he's like,
 "Well, I've got to go, his gonads can go."
 And just I can go from anywhere from 90 to 360 degrees
 just around to just be making sure
 that the sex continues while all this very, you know,
 flying stuff is going on.
 And that's very cool, 'cause it's hard to seduce the woman
 as a male fruit fly, this is, that you're talking about.
 But they sing songs, so the males chase the females
 and then they will extend just one wing,
 so they'll put one arm out and they vibrate it,
 and it produces a song.
 And the song has two modes.
 So there's just like two types of sound they can make.
 And you have to amplify it by more than a million times
 to hear it with human ears, but we've done that,
 obviously because scientists are bored.
 So they've got the sign and the pulse and the sign sounds like
 the wine of an approaching mosquito apparently.
 And then the pulse sounds like a cat's per.
 So if you're being seduced by a fly,
 it's a combination of a buzzing mosquito and a purring cat.
 - But then once the male, once the female has accepted the male,
 the male licks the female for two minutes
 and then they mate for about 20 minutes.
 And that's some scientists who I think were really bored.
 They scrambled a fruit fly's courtship neurons in its brain
 so that they tried to copulate, lick and play the love song
 all at the same time.
 (laughing)
 And what would normally take for a four minute
 quite delicate mating process was reduced to 10 seconds.
 (laughing)
 - And we'll all be in there.
 (laughing)
 - Who's your green friend?
 (laughing)
 - They have the only known aphrodisiac,
 fruit flies.
 - Oh, like a proven one, you mean?
 - A proven one, fly agra.
 (laughing)
 (cheering)
 And now they've got their PR guy, which is good.
 He's gonna need a job after tonight.
 They have the only aphrodisiac the scientists have ever proved
 exists is that actually makes you want to have sex,
 only works on fruit flies.
 And it's the scent of rotting fruit.
 So if they smell rotting fruit,
 that actually turns on their brain pathways
 that are the courtship initiating.
 So they send rotting fruit,
 and they immediately want to have a shag.
 And that is useful, I think, because rotting fruit
 is a good place to lay eggs as a woman.
 So if a man fancies you when you're near rotting fruit,
 that's handy, 'cause then you can put your baby's in fruit.
 - Speaking of the chemicals,
 if you have a fly that falls into your glass of wine,
 one single fly is enough to ruin the whole glass of wine.
 Okay, but only if it's a female fly.
 And it's because it's the pheromones in the fly
 that cause the wine to taste a bit skunky.
 If the males go in, actually, it will still taste the same.
 And they tested this by getting the pheromones out of the flies
 and then putting it into some wine
 and getting people to taste it.
 And they found that just one nanogram of a pheromone
 was enough for a small glass of wine
 for them to be able to taste the difference with one nanogram,
 which is like, I don't know, I think it's like
 a thousandth of a millionth of a gram or something like that.
 - In a small glass of wine.
 - In a small glass of wine.
 - Sorry, hang on.
 - And at a small glass of wine,
 it's the thing that's going on.
 - It's what you've got left.
 - Mine's become small.
 It always goes through the small phase.
 - So I worked out what the equivalent of this is.
 And it's worth, it's the equivalent
 of putting one petal bin's worth of ribina into lockness.
 And the whole lake tasting of black curd.
 - Wow.
 - That's great.
 - There must be wine snobs who are tasting
 that one tiny nanogram of female pheromone.
 I think it has to the flavour of anything.
 I stirred flies into this before I came on.
 - There was a study on flies response
 to carbonated beverages and their attraction
 to carbon dioxide.
 And the sky report about it was headlined.
 "Why do flies suddenly appear every time you open a beer?"
 (laughing)
 That's nice.
 - We're gonna have to wrap up soon.
 So before we do, you guys got?
 - I can tell you about Dung Beetle Sex.
 - Yeah, please.
 - Ooh.
 - That is an unbelievably niche porn subject.
 (laughing)
 - What do they do?
 - You need to delete your history immediately,
 whoever that was.
 (laughing)
 Now what's interesting about them is that they get STDs,
 but actually it's a good thing for them.
 If you're a Dung Beetle and you get an STD,
 this is really good for you
 because they get this kind of nematode worm
 and it helps to get the right kind of bacteria.
 It eats all the bad bacteria in their body,
 which means a good bacteria can come in
 and it means that then they can eat their food properly.
 It's like if you have sex with someone
 and feed them yackels at the same time.
 - Wow.
 (laughing)
 - Another niche kind of porn reference.
 (laughing)
 - With that bit of advice, so let's wrap it up again.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 - @AndruhondaM.
 - James.
 - @JamesHarkin and Shazinsky.
 - You can email podcast@QI.com.
 - Yeah, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @nosuchthing
 or you can go to our website, nosuchthingasaffish.com.
 We have all of our upcoming tour dates
 for the tour that we're currently on and future tours.
 All of our previous episodes.
 Thank you so much.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you later.
 Good bye.
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
