 [BELL RINGS]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber, and I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Huntamari, and Sarah Pasco.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go. Starting with you, James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the first man to use an umbrella in London was pelted with rubbish for doing so.
 But fortunately, he had an umbrella. Was that why he took it out? He didn't, although according to his biographer, when one person threw rubbish at him, he used his umbrella to give the man a right good thrashing.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah. Wow. So that should be the fact. The first ever outing of an umbrella was used to beat a man. That's quite cool.
 So this is a guy called Jonas Hamwey, and he had been to France. He was a bit of a traveler, and he came back from France, and in France they'd all been using umbrellas for quite a long time.
 But in England, they were seen as kind of either a feminer or a weakness of character that you would have it or just French, which was a bad thing at the time.
 So when you say it's the first person seeing public with an umbrella, it just means the first man. Like the women had them every day. They were beating each other.
 Right. Did I not say man? You did say men. Did I say man? Yeah. Oh, so women were used, so he was the first guy. So women were using them, and men were using them all over Europe, go on Andy.
 Well, I think also priests were using them, because there is a limit. They're basically women in a girly clothes, always singing songs.
 Smelling perfume everywhere. Basically, I think they had them at funerals, but they had these huge heavy things at funerals, which maybe they'd have an assistant, because they'd be outside, and they'd be raining, so they wanted to keep dry like that.
 But yeah, no proper lads, Sarah rightly points out, I did not have them, I think. Yeah, you're right. And so what happened was, if it was raining in London, this was in the 1750s, you would probably hire down a handsome cab or someone carrying a sedan chair or something like that, and that would help you get out of the rain.
 And so it was the people who were driving these caps, who didn't like the guy, and so they started throwing things out, because they thought that he might put them out of business.
 So I knew it was the hackney kind of carriageman that had pelted him with rubbish, but I just thought it was because he wasn't very popular.
 No, so it was because actually he was their competition. So also did you know that he was anti-tipping this joke? Was he?
 No, no, no.
 Do you mean by tipping people? So I get another reason where the hackney cab drivers might have been like, "You shut your mouth, I'm with you."
 And he was anti-t-drinking?
 Okay. Why was the anti-t-drinking?
 It's just Wikipedia says he was. Oh, I do know. Oh, you do know. So he wrote this whole essay about T, because he thought it would be, he again thought it was French, and that was a bad thing at the time.
 And he said, "Men seem to have lost their stature and comeliness, and women their beauty, your very chambermaids have lost their bloom, I suppose, by sipping T."
 So he thought it was bad for people.
 Well, it's a good job that me, Sarah, and Dan are all drinking wine and you're drinking tea. Like an ugly chambermaid.
 And it's weird isn't it, because actually umbrellas anti both Chinese, originally, so actually it feels like he's kept saying French, but it was a different kind of racist.
 That was less acceptable.
 But also now very English, right? Yes. Or carrying an umbrella like a businessman like that. Apparently most umbrellas are still made in China.
 But actually, they found that the terracotta army is one of the chariots that has a giant umbrella that's a tattoo.
 That must have been an amazing discovery when they saw that.
 Because you would think you'd invent the umbrella before the house, but you'd think that in terms of people, they would get like a rough kind of covering, and hang on, we could add walls to this.
 I mean, we would be that way, wow. So you think that the house is just a very advanced umbrella?
 Umbrella, it is. If they were to look at, oh my gosh, look what they've done. I've got toilets in their umbrellas.
 This was the 1700s that this happened in, but do you know the first time that an umbrella was mentioned in the UK was in the 1600s.
 Okay. And it was in a book by Thomas Corriott. He was a court jester for the son of King James I.
 And he wrote this amazing book, which came out in the same year as the King James Bible, which was called Corriott's Crudities, hastily gobbled up in five months travel.
 And he went from London to Venice in the same pair of shoes, and he came back.
 Oh, it sounds like someone who needs an Edinburgh show. Doesn't it sound like a third year scraping the barrel?
 I'm going to walk to Venice and I'm not going to change my shoes.
 Oh, yeah, so he came back and he put his supposedly put his shoes into a church hung them up.
 He was like, this is the one pair I wore. And he was quite famous in his day.
 So in his book, he mentions umbrellas for the first time, because as he was passing through Europe, he saw them.
 He also mentions the fact that everyone was eating using this fort device. And that supposedly as well is how we started using forts.
 That's interesting, because actually, I think the first people to use forks were kind of ridiculed, weren't they?
 Yes, again, effeminate, I think. Were they? Yeah.
 There was one famous guy, I can't remember who it was, who used to fork, and was known as fork user.
 And that was supposed to be an insult. It would be like, you fork user.
 It's that because it sounded exactly like fork user.
 Yeah, it's that sound. Is that what we got it from?
 Do you know what early umbrellas were nicknamed in England?
 No. They were called Robinson's, because in the book, Robinson Crusoe, he makes himself an umbrella.
 Before he makes a house. Yeah. It's all coming together. How did it make sense?
 Do you know who had the first umbrella covered with kevlar to make it a bulletproof?
 No, no. Nicola Sarkozy.
 Why? Isn't he? Yeah, he was like, I'm going to be dry and safe.
 Anyway, there's a sky assassins.
 Wow. Did he carry the umbrella or was that a bodyguard?
 No, he held it himself.
 It must have been very heavy. How many other people have them now?
 Yeah. Who's in heavy kevlar? I'm assuming it must be.
 I assume so. But maybe not. I mean, I'm sure he had special stuff as light as possible.
 He'll be making houses out of kevlar next.
 I found some famous umbrellas that I thought, is there a Wikipedia list of famous umbrellas?
 It should be. And there should also be an umbrella museum where they keep them, because I would definitely go.
 I haven't found an umbrella museum. I have found an umbrella cover museum.
 Huh? What do you mean the thing that slips over it?
 You know when you buy a short umbrella and it's got that little sort of slip of material.
 That little power that you lose within about 20 seconds.
 Yeah. There's a museum in Maine devoted to those.
 You're kidding. No. The website says, people flocked by the tents to see the museum.
 People were thrilled to donate their old umbrella sheets and the international press went bonkers.
 So the umbrella is that I would put into the museum if I had a couple of entries.
 The first one is Mary Kingsley's umbrella.
 Oh, yeah. Very important umbrella. And I'm surprised that it's not in the RGS.
 I'm surprised that I couldn't find if anyone's actually got it.
 Because it was the umbrella that she used to ward off the animals.
 Famously, she smacked her hippopotamus away while she was in her canoe.
 So she was an explorer in Africa wasn't she?
 Yeah, she was. And she went out of time when she was still, she didn't even wear trousers.
 She still wore a full Victorian garb, the dress. Like it was insane.
 And she was like, "Sounds like such a bitch."
 She was like, "What can hippos if umbrellas get there in my way?"
 "You went to Africa if you didn't put any trousers on for God's sake."
 "Who's in the wrong habitat here?"
 I'm being unfair on her. She tickled the behind the veneer of a hippopotamus in order to get it away.
 That's nice when you say that.
 And I think she kicked a crocodile in the face and I'm not sure.
 Yeah. So that's one umbrella because she was an incredible explorer.
 And the second one is the umbrella that was thought to have assassinated JFK.
 Do you know about this story?
 Oh no, is that a theory?
 I've heard about umbrella man.
 Umbrella man. So umbrella man, I hadn't heard of this.
 So in the famous footage of the JFK assassination, there's famously this shot
 when people are analysing it and not knowing where the shot might have come from.
 Out of nowhere, as the car is passing a bunch of people on the side,
 there's just this one guy standing there holding an umbrella.
 Oh.
 And it's a sunny day, there's no reason.
 Yeah. And they thought, how is this possible?
 It could have been a parasol, that's true. It was an umbrella though. It was a dark umbrella.
 It turned out that it was a guy who was actually protesting Kennedy's father
 because Kennedy's father was a sympathizer with Neville Chamberlain who was quite nice to the Nazis
 during his time and he was just protesting that.
 Okay, that doesn't make any sense.
 Like if his father was a rain cloud, great protest.
 Well, because apparently a trademark accessory of Chamberlains was to carry an umbrella.
 Okay, that's still like six removes.
 So he had to explain to everyone what your protest meant.
 He had to go to a fancy dress party where you look nothing like what you're supposed to be.
 Yeah.
 You have to explain to everyone.
 Or being an impressionist who goes, oh, hello.
 That was uncanny.
 Well, except that while Kennedy was at Harvard, he wrote a thesis.
 And it kind of, that was very much a part of that.
 So he thought Kennedy would get the little nod.
 And so everyone's going, who's the umbrella man?
 He turned himself in, he brought the umbrella in and basically explained this convoluted reason why it was protesting.
 And this is the quote from me said, I think if the Guinness Book of World Records had a category for people
 who were at the wrong place at the wrong time doing the wrong thing, I would be number one in that position.
 Wow.
 Because he was there two seconds or so before Kennedy and Shawna.
 So there is a website which claims that in 1797 there was only one umbrella in Cambridge
 and that you could hire it out for an hour at a time.
 So 1797.
 I think as soon as it starts raining, there's going to be a rush in there.
 But I don't know what there was only one there.
 But it's true that in Paris, it was common practice as then you could hire them out by the hour.
 And they had that they were all clearly recognizable.
 They had a number painted on so they couldn't be next.
 Yeah.
 So it was like the Boris bike.
 Oh, yeah, like the bike system.
 Yeah.
 Except obviously they could be next.
 I don't know how you would legislate against that or prevent it.
 In France because they had the bike system before us then they weren't getting stolen there.
 It's really interesting culturally that in Paris they left them all and in Amsterdam they all got stolen instantly.
 I don't know what we're doing.
 Really?
 What are we doing in London?
 I think they're too heavy in shit aren't they?
 Yeah, very heavy.
 Yeah.
 I think if you're kind of riding that around, someone's going to know that it's not your actual bike.
 You reckon.
 People are like detectives like that sometimes.
 Just we were talking about ancient China before in the umbrella.
 Something I thought I'd show you guys which obviously doesn't translate too well but people can google this.
 The Chinese character for umbrella, San, it was designed to look just like an umbrella.
 Oh.
 So part of the...
 It looks like a house.
 It does, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's it there.
 Yeah.
 It's just nice little bit of how Chinese words often work is that you actually designed it initially to look like that.
 Did they look like that?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So if I was to read Chinese, I get a clue of what the words are by looking at what they look like.
 Well, in its origin.
 So when I was taught Mandarin as a kid, you would start with the super simplified pictorial versions of it.
 And it would show you that the turtle image would look exactly like a turtle and it slowly became hardened and edged and so on.
 The number is one, two, three.
 They're just lines.
 Yeah, for one and then add a two and a three.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I kind of believe you but then also I think maybe you went to special classes.
 I don't make Mandarin easy for deaf.
 I get the turtle droiga.
 We'll just accept it.
 That's what it is.
 Some stuff about throwing rubbish at things.
 Sure.
 So when Black Fire's bridge was opened, so it was a replacement bridge and Queen Victoria opened it and there's a statue of her at the end.
 And she'd been in mourning for ages, like for Albert, so the crowd really hated her by then, so they pelted her with vegetables.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Why didn't I hate her?
 Because she hadn't been to see them for such a long time, like decades.
 Why so they threw vegetables at her?
 Did anyone get any trouble?
 The presumably they did.
 Maybe they all said it was the wrong place at the wrong time.
 And it was the protest and change.
 We're just protesting Lord Liverpool when he used to like cabbage.
 We don't want to go to the Crimean War.
 Umbrella inventions is one of the main inventions of people try.
 I think mouse traps is one of them and Umbrella is the other one.
 I invented a mouse trap.
 Did you?
 It was for pick pockets.
 So you put a mouse trap in your pocket and then when someone tries to get into your pocket, it traps their fingers
 and then you have to take them two miles away and release them in a fear.
 That's good, but it makes your pockets unusable, doesn't it?
 Yes, you mustn't forget and put your hands in your pocket.
 There's a museum at the UK and I wish I could remember which one it is.
 But they have one of the oldest examples of a mouse trap inside a glass box.
 And the curator came back one morning and found a mouse trap in it because it managed to get inside the box.
 Clearly, clearly sets and so an ancient mouse trap that was never meant to be used.
 Caught a modern day mouse like time travel.
 I once went to a museum in Bhutan and it was run by monks and they had a mouse problem that they discovered on that day when I was there.
 But it's monks so they didn't want to kill the mouse or even hurt it in any way.
 So they were just running after it chasing after all these monks running in and out of rooms like an old fast.
 I love how they think that that's not stressful for mice.
 I don't want to stress them out. It's going to be like a hundred times bigger than the rest of the room.
 A lot of them have, so you know about toxic plasma. Have you talked about it before?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So loads of mice have it and it means they're not scared of cats and they're not scared of humans when they have it.
 Those are humans as well.
 Yeah, with humans as well.
 But so the theory is the people who really like worship cats is because so lots of people are carrying so many really dangerous for babies to get it.
 But most lots of human beings have it and the theory is that that's why they assume it's who just love cats.
 I'm not just like, oh hey, I've got a cat but like this cat is my secret wife.
 My wife's like that.
 My real wife not my son.
 My wife's like that cat.
 Ginger, she always comes home at night.
 I love to go into the baby's house. I think it's the upper mouse.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Sarah.
 Okay, so my fact is about men and it's about how the male brain changes when his partner is pregnant.
 Okay, how does it change?
 Well, this is all very early research and a lot of the studies I've looked into have a very small amount of subject.
 But it seems like things happen from literally four to six weeks of finding out his partner is pregnant.
 No matter when that is, the testosterone starts to drop and he starts to produce prolactin, which is a hormone that creates milk production in female mammals.
 But in male mammals makes them less aggressive.
 So it's what's really, really interesting is it seems like I'm in cortisol changes as well.
 Cortisol is a stressful hormone, but in men and women it also causes you to put on weight because you're storing energy.
 So for a long time there's been a theory about, and they've kind of called sympathetic male pregnancies.
 Or I think it's called Kuvaard syndrome, which is when the men start to get nauseous and get morning sickness.
 And they get, they put on weight as well.
 There's now a theory that actually in terms of resources, the man putting on weight is quite sensible in terms of storing energy
 because he's going to have to do a lot more and give a lot more resources once there's a baby.
 So it's really fascinating.
 Wait, what does the male give in terms of that more body on a male?
 Well, if you think about it, like if you have more body fat than you don't have tweets as much, you work harder, and also...
 You give your food away.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So if you think about times of sort of fast and famine, any kind of stored energy is the difference between living and dying.
 Yeah.
 The cortisol thing is interesting.
 So the other thing I found out when I was looking into this is that the more stressed the mother is, the more cortisol she produces.
 And obviously having a new baby is very, very stressful, the faster the baby grows through her breast milk.
 So cortisol...
 And it doesn't mean that's a child.
 As a child it's better to make your mother more stressed.
 Yes.
 That's exactly what it means.
 Thank you for putting it.
 They've done rat studies, and I hate animal studies.
 And I don't think they're applicable, but they do, obviously, awful things to animals.
 But with rats, if they really, really stressed the mother out, then her children would come out much, much tougher with higher levels of cortisol
 and testosterone and things like, already, as if they're prepared for a horrible world.
 Wow.
 It's a kind of theory, which is really interesting, that whatever you do to the mother, especially through breast milk, she's telling, she's programming her children, you need to be ready for this.
 Do you have to be aware that your wife is pregnant or does your body...
 Yes, well this is thing, I have so many questions about it.
 And number one, this is such a heteronormative study.
 Yes.
 Well, it's the first one, I'm sure, that adoptive parents, people who go through IVF, what about gay parents?
 Does this all, this is all the same thing?
 I have all these questions, and then it's like, we studied 29 heterosexual couples.
 Oh, okay.
 And did some salivary hormone tests, also, I have to say, so there would be one test that we'll find, oh my god, men have this amount of testosterone, then when their parents are pregnant, and then it'll be replicated and they don't find it, but they'll find something else.
 Okay.
 So it seems like, and also, with the brain, because of neuroplasticity, it's so different from lots of people anyway, that there's never an absolute, a hundred percent, all people do this.
 I was kind of thinking if you had a one-night stand with someone, you're looking at your body going, you put on a billway.
 Yeah, that's the way you go home with your girlfriend and say, hang on.
 Did really nothing happen in IVF?
 Because you've got more in sickness.
 Yes, in the morning sickness, in these studies, they were saying that men get more in sickness as well.
 Yeah, they can, yeah.
 And the sympathy, cramps and everything, which is really interesting.
 We didn't notice it for ages, because most of the experiments done were on, as you say, rats.
 And rats, fathers, as it were, don't look after their offspring.
 Yeah.
 So it's when they started experimenting on marmosets, where the males do look after their offspring, that they notice these hormonal changes in marmosets.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 So it's one of those things where there are some things that are kind of hardwired, because physically we can do them.
 But it's very, very unpopular to say, because it looks like you're reinforcing all these things we're trying to get away from, which is a gender binary.
 And things like being biologically different between men and women, which actually, it's a really, really complex area.
 And it's not popular, they don't want to study it, people don't want to do it.
 So is that considered controversial?
 Kind of.
 So if you were to stand up a feminist meter, and be like, guys, that is not your fault.
 Like, you evolved to make babies, and until very recently, that's what happened if you had sex.
 See you later, I mean, do you?
 Right.
 Yeah, okay. And it's the same with the studies of the brain. They try and say like really complementary things about both genders rather than negatives.
 So rather than going, oh, women maybe are less spatially aware, and it's not ever true.
 In terms of it's just like, oh, they'll do a study, and it seems like, oh, many are using their brain this way or this way.
 And then you look at people who have brought up differently, and it's not true.
 But the brain is so elastic in terms of how it's used.
 People who do loads of maths are better at maths.
 And that seems to be the thing, because it's really difficult not to be reductive and telling people.
 And it's the same with men, like, obviously 90% of criminals are male.
 And I'm talking of clients, and it's a theory that's because the amygdala is much bigger and the prefrontal cortex develops much later.
 So you have this emotional instinctual brain that isn't very good at controlling itself, and that's very sexist.
 So to men like, you're just crazy.
 You're just much closer to monkeys.
 Right.
 I read a really good article.
 It was a study from 2015 at Tel Aviv University.
 And they were saying, OK, well, if you look at men's brains and women's brains, if you look at them generally,
 you can say, OK, generally a men's brain will be a bit like this.
 And generally a woman's brain will be a bit like this.
 But actually, 98% of people they studied didn't fit a clear cut profile.
 That's it.
 So you can kind of say, generally speaking, it's like this, but if you take an individual, it's not a bit like that.
 It's really fascinating.
 So this, obviously, men's brains were about 10% bigger, which is complex to body size, really.
 But what's really fascinating is that there's a lot of, so dyslexia, ADHD, things like that are all much, much more prevalent in men than women.
 And they don't know why.
 And sort of the genetic basis for that.
 But there's certain kind of brain disorders, which are just, you're much more likely, an autism as well.
 It's more male.
 And the testosterone and the crime thing.
 But I didn't realize as well.
 The testosterone doesn't actually get into the brain.
 There's a kind of, there's a something in the brain stem that turns it into a different hormone because of how it would actually change the structure.
 There was just on the men and pregnancy thing of the physiological changes to the man and pregnancy.
 They did do a load of surveys of men about the symptoms that they'd experienced physically when their partner's a pregnant.
 I bet their wives were like, what for me for now?
 How this affected you, darling?
 Well, a lot of them complained of stomach cramps, basically.
 But there were a few kind of illustrative lines.
 One man said, my stomach pains were very much like a buildup of woman's contraction as she's giving birth.
 They start a mild and then got stronger and stronger and stronger.
 Another man claimed, I think I was in more pain than she was.
 Well, the crime thing's interesting.
 The crime thing's interesting because oxytocin, which is a hormone that does make you bond,
 which does raise for men, especially in the last trimester of pregnancy.
 And obviously it's what a woman releases when she breastfees.
 It also causes muscle contractions.
 So it's what causes an orgasm in everyone.
 And so actually, if he had raised oxytocin, that would absolutely make sense about cramping.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Okay. So, my reading out the line for a cheap laugh at this man saying, I think I was in more pain than she was.
 Yeah.
 May have had point behind it.
 Also, do you know what?
 I think people say stuff like that with a wink that we don't hear.
 Yeah.
 That's the problem with the internet.
 Very true.
 I think so many things that we people say are joking.
 Yeah.
 And then we write it down and go, what a bastard.
 I'm going to send him a turd in the post.
 I think today they were talking about, so women's grey matter actually decreases in certain parts of her brain.
 And that's so she can become obsessed with a baby.
 Wow. Really?
 She has to be obsessed with it.
 Oh, it'll die.
 Yeah.
 And it's caused by hormones.
 But you have to have a baby and then just want to stare at it constantly.
 Otherwise, someone else is going to eat it.
 Yeah.
 I mean, someone else, like a wolf or something.
 Like Roger from next to him.
 But I think when they first found that out, they saw that the emotion part of your brain shrunk a little bit.
 And everyone thought, that doesn't make any sense at all.
 And then they realized, actually, you're just decluttering, like getting rid of all that not important.
 Yeah, like pruning, they call it.
 And this is the thing with the brain.
 They say this thing that, oh, that's the emotional part of your brain.
 That's the drive and it's always so much more complicated than that.
 Like, so the amygdala, which is like this emotional centre, really, really ancient brain,
 also is connected to terms of what you remember in terms of trauma.
 And we're really like animal instinct.
 And that's, I think, they used to call it like the lizard brain and that.
 And it was the thing which kind of attaches you to when we were living in the sea or whatever.
 And it's just instinct, but of course, like you say, it's all really over simplistic.
 But then also in terms of, I mean, all of us included, will lay people.
 How else are you supposed to understand this really complicated science?
 And then someone goes, that's the really old bit, like, you know, it was a fish.
 This bit, it's monkey bit, remember when you were monkey.
 It is interesting, though, that the brain can't understand itself.
 That is interesting.
 Yeah, you have, what's that theory of yours?
 Well, I think it's the only thing that's ever named itself.
 Yes, that's so cool.
 I tried to write stand up about how, you know, when you go like, oh my god, the brain's amazing.
 How arrogant it is that it's your brain telling you.
 Yeah.
 You're like, should I brain?
 It's the most complex thing we know of in the galaxy.
 I don't think we'll ever understand the brain.
 Excuse me.
 Bragging about yourself.
 You know what you're saying about the great matter of shrinking.
 So if you were to do a list of every animal species on Earth in terms of how, let's say,
 loved a newbornness, where would we appear on that list?
 We're very, very high, but sad thing.
 And if anyone watches Blackfish, the documentary, which is...
 Is that like Black Mirror for Fish?
 People don't even talk about how clever fish are.
 Yeah.
 Tiny Booker nips their idea.
 So Blackfish is, and it's really interesting.
 Orcas, orcas also have menopause like us.
 Grandparents never stop caring for their young, young, never leave their parents.
 The part of their brain, which we're, again, very crudely would say, is to do with familial love.
 It's like two and a half times bigger than ours.
 And when their children are taken away from them in the wild to go to aquariums,
 they cry for the rest of their lives.
 Whoa!
 Yeah.
 Does that mean Queen Victoria was an orca?
 What?
 Oh, because she was sad for the rest of her life.
 Guys, I think I've blown this thing wide open.
 I've never seen her without a big dress on, which might have been hiding.
 Exactly.
 And the massive tail.
 She was a human head on an orca.
 That's why they threw things at her.
 Because she was a weird orca queen.
 Oh, my God.
 This is the...
 Yeah, they saw her emerge from the Thames to open Blackfish's bridge again.
 This is Splash the Sequel.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, because I read the giraffes when they're born.
 This is quite separate, but just thinking how like how the human body just is very much,
 everyone's around, takes the baby out, cuts a cord.
 It needs us to be there, basically.
 With giraffes, they're born with slippers.
 Right.
 Yeah, they're born with slippers and their horns are bendy.
 What do you mean slippers?
 They have this odd thing around their hooves.
 Are they hooves?
 Yeah.
 And they shed about like three months after they're born.
 Or maybe three days.
 Three days or three months.
 Every other species other than us gives birth to young that are ready to live.
 And we don't.
 So we give birth and then the baby continues growing.
 And that's things to always remember in terms of the brain and that's as a species.
 Our whole society, all of our personal interactions are because we can't just have a baby
 and look after it on our own.
 Because the brain is so big.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Massive.
 Oh, stop it with your brain.
 Every time we talk about the brain on this show, I get blown away by the oddness of what we are constantly learning about it.
 Yeah.
 Because it just completely flips.
 Yeah.
 It's just such big knowledge every time we learn something new.
 So this is not new, but there's blew my mind today when I read it, blew my brain to that.
 So my brain is being blown by its own abilities.
 Yeah.
 I bet it literally in our side of skull, when you learn brain facts, your brain is like walking up and down.
 I'm doing a moonwalk like I know it.
 So if you sleep in a new place, let's say a new house, a new hotel, anywhere you've gone to, that's not your regular place.
 Half of your brain stays in a kind of alert position so that it can just wake up for new sounds.
 Yes.
 Like a dolphin, exactly.
 Victoria.
 So newer plasticity, which is the really exciting thing, the books have been written about it, are so amazing in terms of the brain the way it prunes itself.
 That thing about, if you go to new places all the time, people who travel and get new stimuli, they build new ones all of the time because they have to, and that benefits all of the brain.
 So there's things that's so fascinating and Dick Swab's book.
 He talks about how, so your brain, if it doesn't use certain parts, it prunes them as a child.
 So people who go up in the east, who don't have certain sounds, like the R sound, their brain prunes them, and then when they learn English later on, they can't pronounce words properly.
 Because their brain physically has got rid of that part.
 Yeah, same with those and other languages as well.
 Yeah, maybe can do, has the ability in theory to be able to do every single sound that's known to man, but then you just lose it.
 Yeah, which is the brain going, and it's not a detriment, it's going, I'm going to use this for stuff I do need.
 Yeah, right. Should we move on to the next part?
 Let's see, that guy's name is Dick Swab.
 Oh, no.
 Yeah.
 And he wrote, and he's one of the babies today.
 He's huge.
 He's huge.
 He's huge.
 He's huge.
 There's like three amazing brain books at the moment, and here's one of them.
 Yeah, and that's his name.
 But the thing is, what ship said it three times, you get used to say?
 You do, and what do you do?
 I think if I was friends with Dick Swab, I would never get used to that.
 You'd think that when his, like he handed the book in, he said to the editor of the public,
 and he said to the editor of the publisher, "Any changes?"
 They went, "Actually, yeah, that Mr. Swab."
 Yeah.
 Oh, "A Swab" is even worse.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My pact is that a fifth of all the species of coral on the planet have been named by the same man.
 Yeah.
 What's his name?
 His name is John Veron.
 I hope I'm pronouncing it right.
 His nickname is Charlie, which doesn't sound like a nickname, but actually it was in school.
 He was a teacher said, "Hey, Charles Darwin, stop doing that because he was doing some cool experiment with animals."
 He put him back.
 Yeah.
 So the Galapagos have his connecting features again.
 So he's a marine biologist, and he's been nicknamed the Godfather of coral.
 He's 71 years old now, but he has done so much in the world of looking at coral exploits.
 He's looking at coral exploring it, studying it, categorizing it.
 So in 1972, he was made the first full-time researcher on the Great Barrier Reef,
 and he's spent more hours diving down there than anybody else in the world.
 He's studied more of it than any other human alive.
 And he was interviewed in the FT last weekend, and he's an extraordinary guy.
 So I thought...
 He is.
 When he comes over to the UK, David Attenborough will introduce him on to stage,
 and introduce him by saying that this is one of the most important scientists in our time.
 He's a huge, huge deal.
 Really exciting character.
 Has he done a TED talk?
 So he's not that big a deal, actually.
 Are they like about it?
 No.
 Have you done one?
 No.
 Oh, OK.
 No, I wasn't like about the talk challenge.
 I mean, a TED talk about coral, right?
 OK.
 So I just get a bit jealous.
 Has he ever been on QI?
 Yeah.
 Has he?
 God, I'd love it if they just occasionally.
 Yeah.
 This is because of quotas.
 They had to have a deep sea diver.
 Sarah Haskell and Dick Swarth.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Yeah, so go on, Andy.
 So generally, when you get kind of soft corals and hard corals,
 but hard corals are the ones which live in colonies with lots of little individual animals,
 and they excrete the skeleton of calcium carbonate, which becomes the reef and grows.
 So that's what the...
 Yeah, that's not the animal, that's the kind of shell, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Exactly, yeah.
 And they have tentacles around their mouth, and they can catch things.
 They can catch little bits of prey, even some small fish.
 They can catch and eat them, and they're very, very cool.
 Do you know that they kiss?
 No, I don't know the coral kiss.
 What?
 Oh, James.
 (LAUGHTER)
 It's a really sexy gap here.
 (LAUGHTER)
 My wife is a coral, actually.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Yeah, they've got this new little camera.
 It's a new kind of camera.
 It's called the Benfic Underwater Microscope or Bum.
 Yeah.
 Unfortunately.
 But it lets you see what's happening that very, very close up.
 And they found that these polyps, which is what makes the coral, they get the food,
 and then they pass on nutrients to each other by kind of kissing each other.
 Wow.
 Isn't that amazing?
 That's amazing.
 Is there benefit to an individual from passing on nutrients to another nearby?
 Well, I think generally speaking, that's true in a lot of animals.
 When you all benefit from the kind of the ecosystem, don't you?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I'm sure they now understand that you all kind of survive together.
 That's great.
 They all made it the full moon as well.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because of the light.
 Once a year, it might be the light, or it might be them sensing something else,
 or it might be the tide, I don't know.
 Yeah.
 But, yeah, they...
 Yeah, because they have higher tides.
 Yeah.
 They do this thing called broadcast spawning, where they all release this blizzard of, you know, bundles into the ocean.
 They're really brightly coloured.
 I don't know, it was so sexy.
 (LAUGHTER)
 I'm moonlight, yeah.
 It's sexy down on the race.
 It is, it is.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I get really confused by coral.
 I don't understand what it is exactly in terms of...
 There's no brain.
 No, right.
 But there is some kind of system that means they know how to reproduce.
 What kind of intelligence level are they at?
 Is it nothing, and it's just a kind of system that...
 I think it's like, if you think of everything as a tube, we are a tube.
 It's stomach, anus, and you have a nervous system.
 Yeah.
 So they just have a more simplistic version of what we've got.
 Okay.
 Well, corals are not tubes, in fact, because they don't have an anus.
 Well, the mouth functions as an anus, and they have to excrete via the mouth.
 Yeah.
 Because they're attached to the reef, and they're facing outwards into the world.
 Nice.
 So they're like a wind sock.
 (LAUGHTER)
 But in the wind sock of the sea.
 But getting less sexy as we've done.
 I think it's like a wind sock, it's quite sexy.
 (LAUGHTER)
 No.
 And he's chatted with loads of them, though.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Was it...
 What was it, Ken?
 Livingston chatted something up with...
 A small deer.
 Like a broom handle in the morning.
 That was his chatted liar.
 How nice.
 I'm like a broom handle, though.
 And the cub was in the cub website.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Yeah, but no, you're right, Dan,
 because they are confusing.
 They were thought to be plants, corals, until the 18th century,
 because you would think so from looking at them.
 Yeah.
 But they're hugely important.
 And also, they're dying out.
 So the Great Barrier Reef has been...
 They call it bleaching, where...
 Yeah.
 ...they're allowing a little algae living inside the coral,
 which photosynthesize sunlight and provide the coral with loads of its energy.
 When the temperature changes, those algae produce too much oxygen
 that stresses the coral out and damages it.
 So they expel the algae, and then that's the coral bleached,
 because those algae are very brightly coloured.
 So actually, if you look at coral, it's very brightly coloured,
 but actually it's the algae which is colourful,
 and coral is just white.
 So a white coral is like a dead coral?
 Basically, yeah.
 If they don't get the algae back in time,
 when the temperature returns to normal, then that coral is dead.
 It's interesting, isn't it?
 Because we would probably think of algae as a bad thing for living,
 like if you're covered in algae.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, for people, it's really bad.
 It's not for them. Yeah, it's really, really vital.
 So coral is dying at the moment.
 In the northwest coast of Bali, they've been doing this thing.
 There's a beach that if you walk along, I'm going to pronounce it wrong,
 but it's Pemetaran.
 If you walk along this beach, you'll see power cables going into the ocean.
 So literally, you'll be walking over power cables.
 And what they've been doing is they've been attaching low-voltage power cables to corals
 to stimulate them from all the bleaching that's going on.
 So they're giving a little electric shocks into these coral,
 and for some reason, and again, they're slightly, yeah, they're into it,
 but it's slightly like we haven't shown in any study
 that they're better than any of the other methods that we're doing.
 And I think it's still a bit new research,
 but that's what they're doing at the moment.
 They're putting electric cables onto coral.
 Basically, the whole problem is the sea temperature rising,
 which is not something that can be counteracted, large scale.
 You know, if it goes up by one degree, it's really bad for them,
 and we're looking at one-on-a-half or two degrees of rise in the ocean temperature.
 That's the kind of thing that's like, even if we stop now,
 that's the irreversible changes, isn't it?
 Yeah, and the really terrible thing is, well, that's the really terrible thing.
 But also, so shallow coral reefs, there are different kinds.
 The tiny amount of the ocean surface, obviously,
 but about 25% of marine species have a home in and around and on reefs,
 as in they're these huge habitats.
 Yes, it's like one percent of the oceans, but 25% of the...
 There's 0.1% of the ocean surface.
 There's 25% of marine species that manage to find a home there.
 So it's this huge knock-on effect that might happen if we lose coral reefs.
 Yeah, but have you heard about the twilight zone?
 No.
 So the twilight zone is a deep reef.
 And a deep reef is really interesting because it's far down enough
 that it would require extra scuba gear in a way that isn't affordable, really.
 But it's not deep enough that you would send a submersible
 that was either manned by humans or done by remote.
 So they haven't really studied it.
 And only in the last 20 years they've been studying this twilight zone of reef,
 where they found that all the fish that live in it are exactly the same
 as it appears they might have been for hundreds of millions of years.
 As in, most coral higher up would be subject to, say, ice ages and so on.
 And they couldn't escape from it because they wouldn't know how to go deeper.
 So there's this whole level of new reef that they're studying.
 They had most ability in that whole time.
 Yes, they had no change because they wouldn't need to escape the glaciers
 or that deep enough.
 That's the thing with that statistic.
 And I'm not about to poo poo it, the 25% thing.
 But obviously there's so much of the ocean we haven't studied
 because it's too difficult to get to.
 So actually that 25% of the ones we can count, which are in the bright shallow bits.
 I read something about the sea floor today.
 This isn't really related, apart from it's in the sea.
 But there's a place called Octopolis, which is just off the coast of Australia.
 Most ox pusses kind of live on their own.
 And this is a place where ox pusses kind of come together and hang out.
 And they kind of touch each other, which else pusses don't really like to do much
 when they're not mating or fighting.
 But it's a place where they kind of hang out.
 It's like a swingers club.
 Why did you drop your pen?
 It's a swingers club.
 It's a swingers club.
 I knew I knew you from somewhere.
 Octopolis mistress.
 No, no.
 Don't tell your cat why.
 She's a carol.
 So here's the really interesting thing about that, right?
 So ox pusses are really, really smart, really smart.
 But they're not quite as smart as things with a similar size brain
 that live out of the water.
 And one of the reasons is they're not social.
 And they think that by being social it helps your intelligence.
 But they think that this kind of area of octopus is because they're all kind of hanging out together.
 They might get smarter and smarter and smarter.
 And if we were to leave them alone, they might get super smart.
 So you know, that's the tribal effect is what it's called in human beings.
 And Susan Pinker wrote a book about it, which I don't think she mentions animals at all.
 But that's the theories.
 The more you interact with other beings that you have to learn to communicate,
 you become more intelligent.
 And she heard theories that men who communicate more and more tribal live longer.
 And that it's, you know, the whole, there's all these theories that men talk a lot less.
 They have a small vocabulary.
 They talk less every day in tribes where they talk as much as women.
 They live as long as the women.
 Oh, they say.
 It's a theory and that's what I've got to say about it.
 Yeah.
 There's a fish called file fish.
 Yep.
 They eat coral.
 And they gain the smell of the coral.
 So it means they can hide in the coral and no one can find them.
 Wow.
 So it's like if you were to eat something and you got the smell of it and then.
 Yeah, then you like hide in a pizza shop.
 No, no, no, no, no, no.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the first female British playwright was called Joanna Lomley.
 Yeah.
 But it wasn't Joanna Lomley.
 It was not the first British playwright.
 As in, absolutely fabulous.
 Yes.
 It's not the current living Joanna Lomley.
 No, this is from the 1500s.
 And the thing is is that her name in a lot of online and in books she'll be presented as Jane Lomley.
 Yeah.
 But actually so little is known about people from the 1500s.
 It's quite hard to establish if she was born Joanna or Jane, but definitely she was Joanna Lomley.
 Yeah.
 And I just thought that was kind of cool.
 I hadn't heard that before.
 But she was a translator rather than a playwright.
 Yes.
 And it wasn't even published or finished.
 God, I love the olden days.
 Everyone's dreams could come true.
 It has since been published in 1909.
 Yeah.
 So it has made it to publication.
 People do put it on in the UK as a play.
 Yeah.
 But she was a very interesting person.
 Obviously she couldn't publish stuff at the time because she was what is known as a woman.
 And they were not keen.
 No, thank you.
 Not keen on them back then.
 No.
 They didn't allow them to do stuff like put out plays.
 So it's a shame because she was an extraordinary person.
 And yeah, she did this translation of.
 Are you repeatees?
 You're repeatees.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I just thought that was quite cool.
 Yeah.
 It was cool.
 So because we were looking up Jane or Joanna Lomley, I looked up the first woman in the UK who wrote her own original play.
 And her name was Elizabeth Curry.
 And I love it.
 It's called The Tragedy of Mariam.
 Do you know what it's about?
 No.
 Is it Robin Hood?
 It isn't.
 How about Herod?
 She was Herod's second wife.
 She wanted to hear the synopsis of this play.
 Is it a wife called Doris, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 That would have been his first wife, I think.
 Or maybe third.
 The spoiler alert.
 It does not end well for Mariam.
 Okay.
 So this is full of spoilers.
 But basically, yeah.
 Spoilers for something written in 1613.
 Yeah, I know.
 If you haven't seen it so far, I'm probably not going to see it now.
 So basically, Herod, the great, his words.
 Basically, the first four acts, everyone thinks that he's dead.
 And Mariam's like working out how she feels about him.
 Because she's like, oh, he did love me.
 He was a wonderful husband.
 But he also did kill my brother and granddad.
 And she's trying to work out what to do.
 Because he's been merging everyone.
 But then in that four, Herod returns.
 And he says to everyone, I'm not even dead.
 And then Salome says that Mariam was unfaithful even though she wasn't.
 And then Herod kills her.
 The end.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 She's a long lead up of four acts of deliberation.
 Even though it's named after Mariam, she's only 10% of the time.
 There's a lot of chorus work.
 Elizabeth Carey, very interesting person.
 She loved reading to the point where her parents had to ban anyone in the house
 giving her candles at night so that she would stay up by candlelight reading reading book.
 So they were like, you have to start.
 And they were very encouraging her parents of her reading.
 But only in dialogue.
 Yeah, only in dialogue.
 You may just sleep.
 Yeah.
 And she was brilliant at languages.
 She spoke a bunch of languages, Spanish, Italian, Latin, Hebrew, Transylvanian.
 And this is my favorite fact.
 It says that later on at the age of 10, so this is all before 10 years old.
 She learned these languages.
 She helped exonerate a woman who was accused of witchcraft after noticing that the accused lady
 was answering yes to every question she was asked without thinking about what she was being asked.
 So at 10, she was like, she's just saying yes because you're asking her questions.
 You have no idea what you're talking about.
 And they said, you're right.
 She's exonerated.
 She's not a witch.
 That's so interesting.
 Yes.
 So Afra Ben was a very influential, this is the latest tale.
 Yeah.
 And she's often who is attributed as the first.
 She was the first female player, but she was a very influential female player in the 17th century.
 And she was doubly cool because she was also a spy.
 One of the reasons that she wrote, or she wrote and then she gave it up for a while.
 And she took it up again partly to make a living because the government had not paid her for doing all the spying work that she had done.
 But her stuff is really good.
 Yeah.
 Brilliant.
 I only said that because she's the only one of these three that I've read, stuff by.
 But during my English studies.
 Yeah, same here.
 And they said she was the first female player.
 They lied to us.
 They lied to us.
 Was it her own original play though?
 Yeah, they were.
 Yeah, and she was a professional as well.
 Yeah, she made money and started.
 In a way, I don't want to give shit to my own fact, but I think she who you're just talking about has more of a claim to first female playwright.
 Well, hers is like an adapted screenplay.
 I think Carrie has claimed.
 I've never heard of Carrie before.
 Carrie is the forebend.
 Yeah, sorry.
 Well, because we were looking, I was looking up and I was interested in female first as a thing.
 Yeah.
 And so I looked on the Wikipedia list of female firsts.
 And I found out something so delightful.
 Elizabeth Fible, in 1784, was the first woman to ride in a hot air balloon.
 How exciting.
 But in 1805, only 19 years later, Sophie Blanchard was the first woman to pilot a hot air balloon.
 So it took women 19 years to work out how to get them bring a passenger.
 So like, writing it.
 So then I thought, well, this is so interesting, this Sophie Blanchard.
 So basically, her husband was a hot air balloon pilot and he died.
 So she carried on his business and so she became a special one.
 And the podium really liked her.
 And he gave her this title, "The Air and Naught of the Airfield Festival" or something.
 And then she died.
 Because she set up some fireworks.
 So fire to it.
 No, no.
 Hit a house and fell to the ground.
 And that's why we shouldn't let women do shit.
 They can't be trusted.
 All of this.
 So female playwrights and things.
 And even up until the time of Afroben, which is, you know, a long time after the first playwright,
 when women weren't allowed on stage.
 So it was all boys.
 But the reason that it was ended was because basically Charles II, when he was restored to the throne.
 Fancy dactresses.
 He fancied actresses.
 And he decreed what we have to do.
 Actually, I think the public will be outraged about boys appearing on stage in women's roles.
 And actually, no one really was outraged about it.
 But he said, no, it's completely outraged.
 We must, you know, legalize and make it compulsory for female roles to be played by women.
 And that's basically the only reason it happened.
 How could he, sorry if this is a very dumb common, how could he fancy actresses if the profession didn't exist?
 Because some things kind of happened.
 I mean, illegally.
 He fancy the idea of actresses.
 Right. Look at those boys.
 Imagine if those were real.
 So things happened illegally. But also in Shakespeare's time, some of the people who were credited with writing were women.
 Women did actually write things.
 It's just they didn't get their names on them.
 Yeah. So we read actually in one article.
 I don't know if this is true, but by the late 17th century, about third of plays staged in London were written by women.
 But it fell to around 7% in the early 18th century.
 And it stayed between 7% and 10% until the 1980s.
 Wow.
 Yeah. And it's so related to economics, actually.
 When you look at the ups and downs, women you have space and time, it's the whole Virginia Woolf thing, created just as much as men.
 Jane Austen, you know writing on tiny bits of paper.
 I went to see her desk the other day.
 I did.
 The British library.
 Yeah.
 And you just saw her maze.
 It's such a visual symbol of like this woman like in the corner.
 I don't know how long I can take up any room.
 Yeah.
 It's really tiny.
 It has her, her spectacles on it.
 Why is it an iPhone?
 It's so small.
 It's really, it's really small.
 She was a mouse.
 Yeah, she was a mouse lady.
 We Victoria was an Orca.
 Jane Austen was a mouse.
 My life was a carol.
 Are there any actual women, please?
 It's been a trick the entire time.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast, you can get us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 @EggshapedAndy.
 @AndreyHunterM.
 And Sarah.
 @SeraPasco.
 Yep.
 And you can also go to our group account, which is @QIPodcast or go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes.
 Also, there is another website.
 It's called no such thing as a news.com.
 It has all of our previous topical TV shows series that we have started.
 It's not topical.
 That was last year.
 No, it's still going.
 Trump is still happening.
 You want to learn about Trump?
 That's all we spoke about.
 And it is on no such thing as the news.com.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 See you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
