 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hey, everyone.
 Before we begin this week's episode of Fish,
 we just want to remind you that the four of us
 are heading back out on tour as of this September
 with our massive 10th anniversary show, "Thundernerds."
 It's going to be so good, guys.
 We're going all over.
 It's an earth sandwich tour.
 We're doing the UK, we're doing Ireland,
 and then we're going to the New World.
 To Australia and New Zealand, those shows
 are almost entirely sold out in the New World.
 But old world dates, there are some tickets left,
 so we're going to be playing Bristol, Dublin, Glasgow, New
 Castle, Cardiff, London, London again, and Manchester.
 That's right.
 So if you want to come and experience the dorkery in person,
 it's a wild night.
 We record a live podcast.
 We include extras.
 We've just written and performed our first preview of it.
 It was smashing, incredibly exciting.
 You're going to meet characters from the archives of our show.
 You're going to find out how we put all the show together.
 We're going behind the scenes, and it's
 going to be a wild night.
 So come, be with us in one of these big old rooms,
 and let's have a massive night out together.
 Just head to knowsuchthingasafish.com/live.
 You'll find the links to every single one of those shows
 by ticket, and we'll see you there.
 Yes, we cannot wait.
 It's so much fun.
 Knowsuchthingasafish.com/live.
 It's the perfect thing to do or the perfect gift
 to buy someone you love who likes fish
 and is happy to see them us on stage.
 Cool, on with the show.
 Bye.
 Always end strong.
 OK, on with the show.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of Knowsuchthingasafish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisplosed locations around the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James
 Harkin, and Anna Tyshinski.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that in the swimming races
 at the first modern Olympics, the American competitor
 drops out because the water was too cold.
 That is amazing.
 And how things have changed now?
 Because they've had to change some of the swimming events
 because there's feces in the Sen.
 Oh, yes.
 Oh, wow.
 Actually, well, similarly, now we
 have a lot of water events happening in the Sen,
 which is natural water.
 And this was 1896.
 And the swimming events happened in the Med.
 So that was surprisingly chilly.
 Very nice.
 Yes, I think it was partly because the Olympics had gone
 three times over budget, and so they couldn't really
 afford to build proper swimming pools or set up those venues.
 And so they thought--
 Or heat the entire Mediterranean.
 Yeah.
 All that.
 The Med is, of course, hotter than your big oceans,
 but this was happening earlier on in the year,
 in March or April, depending on which calendar you were using.
 And it was surprisingly cold.
 It was surprisingly bad weather.
 And this competitor was called Gardner Williams.
 And this is all recounted by one of his fellow competitors
 who was there at the time.
 So there's some question as to whether this definitely happened.
 But his mate, who was there competing with him, said,
 this is what happened.
 And as this guy called Tom Curtis tells it,
 this guy had won many races in warm American swimming pools.
 And he was blissfully ignorant that the Mediterranean
 is bitterly cold in April.
 So a boat took them out.
 He dived headfirst into the icy water.
 And in a split second, his head reappeared.
 He shouted, Jesus Christ, I'm freezing.
 And with that shriek of astonished frenzy,
 he lashed back to the float.
 But it sounds like it wasn't even just the coldness.
 It sounds like the waves were crazy as hell.
 The winner of the match describes 12-foot waves crashing down
 onto him as he was swimming towards the ending.
 Your lanes were only shown to you via hollowed out pumpkins
 that were floating in the ocean.
 It sounded wild.
 I think it genuinely was really cold,
 because the guy who won was called Alfred Hajos, I think.
 And he wrote of this event that the icy water
 almost cut into our stomachs.
 We called him Hajos or Hajos or Hayos.
 Oh, Hajos sounds actually like here.
 He was Hungarian, wasn't he?
 He was actually known as the Hungarian dolphin.
 So he could just call him that
 and save the pronunciation issue.
 Brilliant. So the Hungarian dolphin,
 he was also later the manager of the Hungarian football team.
 He learned to swim when he was 13 years old
 after his father had drowned in the Danube
 and he decided that he should learn how to swim.
 And when the Olympics started,
 he was at the local university
 and he really, really struggled to get permission
 to leave and go to the Olympics.
 And in fact, when he came back with his medals,
 he said the dean did not congratulate me.
 He said your medals are of no interest to me,
 but I am eager to hear your replies
 in your next examination.
 Well, of course, like in those days,
 the Olympics wasn't that big a deal.
 No, it wasn't. It didn't even exist.
 It didn't. It's like the first,
 if I just went off to a made up competition,
 if I told you guys,
 oh, I'm going to be away for three weeks
 because I'm going to the global haiku slam event.
 We would totally believe it.
 Yeah. But if you Google it and there was no evidence of it.
 Yeah, exactly. I don't know.
 I think I sort of understand it.
 Although in fairness, Andy, it was in the newspapers.
 If you look back in the newspaper archives,
 you can see that in America, they were reporting on it.
 They report on this guy that Anna
 and Richard Lee mentioned, Gardner Williams,
 at the start that he's going.
 And then you don't really see any mention of him
 in the results.
 So that does bear credence to the idea
 that he jumped in the water.
 It was too cold and he jumped out again.
 Yeah. Yeah, I saw one amazing article in the Boston Globe.
 This was from the 12th of April, 1896.
 And they said that when Gardner Williams arrived
 on the boat in Athens,
 he came on to land in his trunks and a purple robe.
 And announced to the press,
 "Leander swam the hellish pond and I will swim this here."
 Oh, sentences you regret.
 I have a feeling it might have been satire.
 They didn't admit at any stage that this was a satirical piece,
 but I think it might have been.
 Because they mentioned another guy called Hoyt,
 who was a polevolter, and they said that he was practicing
 over a statue of Zeus outside his hotel.
 And that he knocked the guard off his pedestal three times,
 but cleared him at the fourth try.
 Wow. So I can't tell if it's real or not.
 I believe there was so much mad stuff happening
 at these, the first ever games.
 As in the 1200 meter event, it wasn't like you started,
 you got in the water and then you swam along the shore for 1200 meters.
 You were taken 1200 meters away from land,
 and then you were just ditched in the ocean.
 So if you don't finish... It was about surviving.
 Yeah, if you don't finish the race, you die. That's it.
 It was only, because we are saying the water's quite cold,
 it was only, I think, about 12 degrees, which is chilly.
 But just if there are world swimmers out there,
 they'll be like, "Come on, guys, you pussies."
 I would say in the med, if people are swimming
 at the start of April in the med,
 you usually look at them and go, "Oh, that's a hardy soul."
 Yeah. Yeah, exactly.
 Can I tell you guys about my favourite competitor
 from the 1896 Olympics?
 Yeah, go for it. Please.
 Have you heard of Italian runner Carlo Iroldi?
 I did not hear of him.
 OK. Oh, great. OK.
 So he walked to the games.
 He was from Milan, and they were taking place in Athens.
 And he was a great long-distance runner, right?
 He'd done... The previous year, he'd done a 600-mile race
 in lots of different stages.
 So really good at long-distance running.
 He hears about this... He hears about this marathon.
 He thinks, "That's a piece of piss.
 It wasn't 26. Easy."
 So he thinks, "I'll do it."
 But he didn't have money for a train or a ship
 or whatever from Italy degrees.
 So he thought, "I'll just walk. I'll just walk there."
 And he briefly got a boat at one stage,
 but he did walk or run about 900 kilometres
 from his home to Athens, right?
 So what's the comedy thing that happens at the end?
 If you're writing this as a script.
 He arrives at the start line... Yeah.
 ..and he's forgotten his shoes and has to go back.
 That's good. That's good.
 They've moved the venue back to where he'd originally walked from.
 Yeah, it's in Milan. Yeah, yeah. It's in Milan, yeah.
 No, what happened was he got there in time for the games,
 amazingly impressive, and then he was asked,
 "Oh, by the way, have you ever competed in one money for athletics?"
 And he said, "Oh, yeah, I did win the Milan to Barcelona race last year,
 which was hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of kilometres."
 And they said, "Oh, sorry. Well, you can't run then. Bye."
 No. Disqualified for being a professional.
 That's really sad.
 So your favourite competitor at the 1896 Olympics
 was not, in fact, a competitor. That's right, that's right.
 He was a cheat. He was an attempted cheat.
 Can I give you my favourite competitor for the 1896 Olympics?
 This was Sum Napeen, who was a pistol-fireer.
 He won the 30-metre free pistol.
 And when he got home, he arrived a little bit early
 and surprised his wife with his medal.
 "Hey, honey, I'm home early."
 And she was in bed with his daughter's Dutch music teacher.
 Oh!
 And so he chased him out of the house, firing his gun,
 bearing in mind that he's just won a gold medal at the 30-metre free pistol.
 Chases this guy out of the house.
 The guy runs away and the police arrest him and put him in jail.
 And then in the court case later on, he was let off
 because they realised that he was such a good pistol-shooter
 that he obviously hadn't meant to shoot the guy.
 Brilliant.
 If he meant to shoot him, of course he would have hit him.
 So they said that he's shown restraint and he got free.
 I was... Because when you said he runs out of the house firing his first pistol,
 I'm thinking of him like being Yosemite Sam.
 Do you know what I mean?
 I think there was some of that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Um...
 No, sorry, I was too distracting.
 Sorry, what was that?
 So, listener, what happened there is we are recording this over the internet
 on a particular system.
 And when Addy did his Yosemite Sam shooting the guns in the air,
 a load of balloons came up.
 How do I make it happen again?
 I just... I was just like...
 You have to not be trying.
 What?
 It knows if you want it.
 Wow.
 What was that?
 Yeah, that was incredibly distracting.
 That was wild.
 I think if I do a thumbs up, it makes a thumbs up on the screen.
 There we go.
 It does.
 Let's not do too many...
 Oh, Addy, no, don't take your pants off.
 Oh, Addy!
 Two other things from the original Olympics that I quite like.
 The Greek team won gold in gymnastics
 and they would not win another gold in gymnastics for a hundred years.
 So it wasn't until the 1996 Olympics that they got their next gold.
 And the other thing is the hurdles.
 They used to jump with two feet over it at the same time,
 rather than doing that one leg and then the second leg coming over it.
 Yeah, so according to what I was reading, I haven't seen any footage.
 The Greeks did, I think.
 I think the American hurdler rocked up and saw the Greek doing that
 and thought, "That's absolutely hilarious. You're screwed.
 I'm going to win this."
 Which he did.
 Because the Americans were all into college athletics at that time, weren't they?
 Competing for Harvard or Yale or whatever.
 And they were really seasoned competitors
 compared to some of the other people who literally just rocked up
 and went, "Oh, I might just do this then."
 Yeah, in fact, they were largely from, as you say, Harvard.
 And it was the Boston Athletics Association,
 which was responsible for getting most of them there.
 Which I mentioned because there's a really funny thing
 that was actually mentioned in this article by Tom Curtis,
 who was the hurdler who won gold.
 He said that they had a chant, which it's hard to know how it went,
 but I think it was BAA, rah, rah, rah.
 So Boston Athletics Association.
 And according to him, no one in Europe had ever seen cheering in unison before.
 So everyone was incredibly excited by this.
 And King George, who the king was presiding over it all,
 like he judged if there was a tie, he was there.
 King George was so excited that the Americans did this chant.
 And King George's aid came up to the Americans
 and saluted them solemnly.
 And said, "His Majesty, the king, requests that you, for him,
 will make one more that funny sound."
 As he wrote it.
 And they had to do it again.
 And then he gave them a celebratory breakfast the next day,
 at which, again, he said to the Americans,
 "Would you mind doing that funny chant you did again, please?"
 Wow, so funny.
 Yeah, he was quite involved, wasn't he, the king?
 He decided that no one should measure any of the long jumps.
 Because he thought that, oh, that's just the kind of thing professionals do.
 So we don't want professionals at this.
 It's an amateur athletics thing.
 We'll work out who's the longest just through looking with our eyes,
 but we're not actually going to measure it.
 And so we don't know what the longest distance was
 and that Olympics, we know who won it.
 We don't know what they jumped.
 Really?
 That's really good.
 I was actually reading up on how we do find if things are too close
 and like a photo finish, what technology is out there now.
 But the swimming, they use a very interesting process in the pools,
 which is they have a pad that the swimmers need to touch.
 And I think I've worked out a hack, push out a wave
 that can move at a force of 3.3 pounds,
 because that is the amount of poundage that you need
 in order to activate the pad to make it clock the timing.
 Fortunately, they've worked out.
 Sorry, Dan, just to say, the way that swimming works
 is you're kind of pushing the water backwards
 in so that you go forwards.
 And if you push the water forwards and make a wave,
 you're actually going to be sending yourself backwards.
 Well, that's fine.
 Because then you just stay at the back of the pool
 and you just concentrate all the afternoon
 blasting away a wall of water at that pad and then relax.
 Or the final 10 meters turn around and swim the other way.
 Yeah, that's good.
 Yeah, that's OK.
 That's enough of a try next time.
 Add a beauty.
 But it's pretty amazing how quickly these things are locked.
 Yeah, the speed is extraordinary.
 And I think it's completely pointless,
 because when you're coming down to those five margins, who cares?
 You've, it's a draw.
 Just, I just think if human eyes can't see it,
 just call it a tie.
 I agree.
 If the King of Greece can't tell clearly who's ahead,
 it's a tie.
 You know, South America was thought not to have played
 a part in the first Olympics until very recently
 when we found evidence that they did.
 Chile always claimed they'd sent one athlete.
 It was very chilly in that water.
 Go on, carry on.
 You're joke signifier now, Andy.
 That noise just so we thought it's happened.
 Yeah, anything I say without that
 is actually meant to be taken deadly seriously.
 That's really good to know.
 There was a Chilean guy called Luis Subercasso.
 And he didn't get any medals.
 So there's no written evidence of him being there
 because they didn't keep very good records.
 It was only if you got a medal, really.
 And then I think in about 2014,
 apparently the forensic Chilean police force
 examined, who are like facial recognisers,
 examined a couple of photos from the 100 meter sprint.
 And they confirmed using their facial recognition skills
 that that was in fact him.
 Now it was the Chilean police.
 What a load of nonsense.
 Hey, just if you're a super recommender,
 you can just say, oh yeah, that's the guy.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's him, definitely.
 It's so ripe for abuse, this system.
 Secondly, slow crime day in Chile, wasn't it?
 It caught everybody, have you?
 You caught every shoplifter or whatever.
 You've cleared your backlog back to 1896.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that Japan is currently planning a 300 mile conveyor belt.
 This is just for people who've done a huge supermarket show.
 That's right, yeah, yeah.
 How far into planning is it?
 Oh, it's early stages.
 It's very early stages.
 Oh, is it just someone, is it like a Boris Johnson saying,
 oh, let's do this?
 I don't think anyone in Japan is as unreliable as Boris Johnson.
 So I think it's already a better plan than all of his.
 But I think it's a very ambitious plan, definitely,
 because I think the longest conveyor belt at the moment
 in the world is quite a lot shorter than this.
 But the idea is that it would be effectively a road linking Tokyo and Osaka.
 And the conveyor belts would be either along the hard shoulder of roads
 between these two places or in tunnels under the road.
 And it would be in big pallets.
 And it's really sensible, actually.
 It's not just a sort of kind of wacky plan.
 It's because--
 Another difference with the Boris Johnson approach.
 It's because there's forecast to be a really big shortfall of drivers.
 Like lorry drivers.
 Lorry drivers, haulage and all of that.
 In some remote areas, it's going to be a really acute problem
 because lots of bits of Japan have fallen populations
 and it's important to be able to keep supplies going, obviously,
 to all bits of the country.
 So the idea is if you free up drivers between Tokyo and Osaka,
 they're free to service lots of other bits of the country.
 And also, it's a generally good idea to free up roads of freight
 because you've released pollution on the surface.
 You reduce congestion, free up the roads for non-commercial travel,
 all sorts of things.
 So it is currently in the early state.
 It's basically at the moment, it's a line.
 It's a long line on a bit of paper.
 Right.
 Is it a conveyor belt that goes back around,
 as in if you miss collecting your freight at the end,
 does it head back to Tokyo?
 It's like an airport one.
 Yeah, exactly.
 You have to wait at the end,
 looking out for your Amazon back-end.
 Do we know how fast it's going to go?
 Incredibly fast, 400 miles an hour.
 No, come on.
 No, I don't know.
 I don't know.
 Because there is a limit of how fast a conveyor belt can go,
 really.
 Practically, there is, because if you put something on a conveyor belt
 that's going more than, let's say, 20 miles an hour,
 the stuff's just going to fly off.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's--
 I was thinking, I was wondering if it was going to go fast enough
 to be worth getting on it yourself
 if you needed to get from Tokyo to Osaka.
 Yes.
 And probably would be, wouldn't it?
 That would be incredibly cool.
 I guess so.
 The fastest conveyor belt, actually, I should say,
 is-- can you guess how fast it goes?
 Miles an hour.
 Ooh.
 Is it for people?
 No, it's for redish lignite rocks.
 Ooh.
 OK, that changes my calculation.
 OK, I think about 20 miles an hour.
 It's miles.
 OK.
 It's miles.
 50.
 Any other plans?
 50.
 50?
 Yeah.
 50 miles an hour.
 50.
 Well, it's going to be a lot, isn't it?
 Otherwise, it wouldn't have asked.
 Dan, is it somewhere in between?
 Or are you going to go massively high or massively low?
 400.
 No, so I think it's got to be lower.
 I think lower than Andy's.
 I would say 15.
 It's 33 miles per hour.
 Wow.
 15 minutes per second.
 Wow.
 And yeah, again, the reason that it can't go faster,
 presumably you could in theory make it go faster,
 but if you put the rocks on, they're just going to fly off.
 Yeah.
 How are you going to collect your sushi off that belt
 when you're sitting down for a meal?
 Yeah.
 That sushi's breaking your teeth.
 I think the longest one so far is about 100 kilometers.
 It's about 60 miles, and it's in the Western Sahara.
 Well, controversial, Andy.
 Oh, great.
 Can I just say, I always thought that was the longest conveyor belt.
 As a UI researcher, you just kind of know these things.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 That's in your induction pack, isn't it?
 But that's, okay, I'll just say what that one is.
 So that's phosphate rock in Western Sahara,
 and it's a 2,000 tons an hour of phosphate rock
 has moved along, and it's been mined,
 and now it's going to be refined.
 So it is really, really long, but it is made of lots of units,
 and each unit is only 11.7 kilometers long,
 and then they attach together a bit like Legos.
 But the longest just one conveyor belt
 is between India and Bangladesh, and that goes 35 kilometers.
 And it was the only man-made structure
 built after partition that links Bangladesh and India.
 Wow.
 The economists tried to follow it,
 and what they do is they followed this conveyor belt,
 followed it, followed it, followed it,
 and they got to within like a few hundred meters of the border,
 and the soldiers went, nope.
 So actually no human can go that way.
 You'd have to put yourself in a box
 if you ever wanted to make that journey.
 Yeah, or a cake.
 Big cake.
 I do. It's not used for that.
 I think that's going to stand out amongst whatever
 they're transporting from the market.
 So it's like, lignite rock, lignite knock,
 lignite rock, giant birthday cake.
 Lignite rock, lignite rock.
 Wait, hang on. Go back to.
 I don't know you to say, oh, someone down the other end
 of the line is going to have a good birthday.
 That's nice.
 Well, you had to do an emergency stop on it,
 and Andy just flung out of the cake.
 Fully naked.
 So Andy, is yours a continuous conveyor belt then,
 or should we alter your fact to planning
 a three-mile-long conveyor belt?
 I don't think the Japanese system will be one belt.
 So it'll be a system, mind you.
 I think as long as it doesn't have to dismount
 and then be remounted by a human, I would allow it.
 OK, nice idea.
 There's a pitch for one in Britain.
 There's the film called Magway,
 who wants to do the same kind of thing.
 It will be around London,
 and it's on magnetic surfboards.
 So I think this would be floating parcels
 to live in around London.
 Don't put water on it.
 That's a Magway, Magway joke.
 Oh, that's good.
 And it can't carry anything after midnight.
 Isn't that Cinderella thing?
 Yeah, it's also a governance thing.
 OK, cool.
 The swimming at the Athens Olympics
 had to happen after midnight,
 because previously all the coaches
 were floating in the water.
 That was laboured.
 James, I'm a part of my joke noise for that.
 What was that again?
 So I was learning a bit about conveyor belt terminology,
 because I'm sure, as we all have,
 we've all spent a long time today
 on websites that sell conveyor belts.
 And do you know what the most important bit
 of a conveyor belt is called?
 The rubber?
 The belt?
 Rubber bit.
 It's not the rubber bit,
 it's the bit under the rubber,
 which is made of interwoven fabric,
 which is responsible for the tension
 and the weight carrying,
 and it's called the carcass.
 Oh, lovely.
 Oh, that's good.
 Those conveyor belt websites,
 they all do nick from each other, don't they?
 The history of the conveyor belt.
 It's been really copied and pasted
 quite a few times.
 It has.
 But I think I can tell you the original source,
 and it is the most important history
 of conveyor belts ever written.
 It's called Belt Conveyors and Belt Elevators.
 It's by a guy called Fred Hetzel,
 written in 1922.
 And a lot of these copy things seem to come from him.
 So I think 1795 is often cited
 as the first modern conveyor belt
 by a guy called Oliver Evans,
 who did it for his flour mills
 to transport flour around.
 And Evans also invented the first ever car
 in America,
 but by accident.
 How, okay.
 It's always by accident.
 All inventions are always,
 oh, he was carrying the ingredients of a car
 and then he tripped over and they fell,
 assembled themselves on the conveyor belt.
 Yeah, and it just drove him the rest of the way.
 Just absolute nonsense.
 Wow.
 Well, it's, um,
 this one I've just used by accident quite loosely.
 It was called the Orook Tor Amphibulos,
 and it was also the first amphibious vehicle in the world.
 It was a huge steam powered machine
 that is supposed to dredge stuff from the bottom of water.
 He built it in his warehouse,
 but then he had to transport it
 to the river in Philadelphia
 in order to show it off and do the dredging.
 So to transport it,
 he attached four wheels
 and he rigged up the wheels
 to the steam mechanism for the dredging
 and he drove it through Philadelphia.
 And there, there, by accident,
 he's made the first car, hasn't he?
 Very, it's quite cool.
 Very cool.
 That's quite cool.
 Is it Thomas Robbins Jr.,
 who is largely credited
 with the sort of the modern conveyor belt
 that we use these days.
 He, he supplied his conveyor belts
 to people like Thomas Edison
 to use in his factories and so on.
 And, um, he also was the first,
 I believe, to use vulcanized rubber.
 And there's quite a nice link
 because Thomas Robbins Jr.,
 his granddaughter, Louisa Robbins,
 married Austin Goodyear,
 which must have been a powerhouse couple.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's like a royal family of vulcanized rubber
 and conveyor belting.
 Wow.
 Have you heard of the Trottois Roulant Rapide?
 This was at the Montparnasse Bienvenue Station.
 It was a high-speed walkway.
 You know those ones you get at airports?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yep.
 They go really slowly, don't they?
 I think we could all agree.
 Oh, I love them.
 Sure, we all love them,
 but they, they could be gingered up a bit.
 Are you the kind of person
 who just gets on them
 and then just stands there
 with all of your luggage,
 just blocking the way
 so none of us people can walk on them?
 No, but I had an accidental layover in Abu Dhabi
 and I thought there was going to be
 full of stuff for the kids.
 There was nothing.
 It all had shut since COVID
 and we spent, no joke, four hours
 running on the travel lasers
 back and forth to tire out the kids.
 Well, Dan, you would have loved
 the Trottois Roulant Rapide
 at Montparnasse Bienvenue
 because it was fast.
 It went at seven and a half miles an hour,
 which is, that's jogging speed, I'd say.
 Basically, it was so dangerous.
 It had to have bounces at the beginning
 saying, no, you are not ready
 for the Trottois Roulant Rapide.
 It's too much for you to go away.
 There was an acceleration zone at the beginning
 and then a deceleration zone at the end
 and it did nine years in service,
 but there were so many accidents.
 Hang on a second, I have a question.
 If you're on a travel laser
 that's shared by lots of other people,
 how does it accelerate you at the start
 without accelerating everyone else along the way?
 Great question.
 I think it might have been a belt
 that gets you up to a few miles an hour ready
 and then the next zone is going a few miles an hour faster
 than that first, so you don't just step on to a thing
 going at jogging speed because that would be a bit mad.
 I think we've said that in the past,
 that this was an idea that was put about in America
 when they first invented conveyor belts,
 which is the walkways where you would step on one,
 which was two miles an hour,
 and then step on to one that was four miles an hour,
 then one that's eight miles an hour,
 and before you know it,
 you go in at 60 miles an hour in a walkway.
 Yeah, here's the thing.
 Your one, Andy, with the acceleration speed
 is assuming that you're just standing still,
 and that is the seven mile an hour speed
 that you're going at,
 but as we experienced in Abu Dhabi,
 when you run on these things,
 the speed that you get when you're running,
 so I wonder what speed you could get
 on a seven mile an hour travelator.
 Wow, it would be your normal speed plus seven.
 Plus seven miles an hour.
 So what's my normal speed, I guess, is the big question.
 Yeah, I mean, the sky's the limit,
 depending on how good you are at running.
 I don't think the sky is the limit.
 Well, I don't think you can run infinitely fast
 just as long as you keep trying.
 How do conveyor belts really change the world,
 would you say?
 No, no, before that.
 Like industry, big industrial plants, really,
 they're crucial in all of those, aren't they?
 Assembly lines, basically, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 You know, it's like, the idea was,
 let's say you're making a car, your Ford,
 what would happen is you'd have your carcass of a car
 just sort of hanging up,
 and then if you're the guy who does the left wheel,
 you'd have to go over to the car and attach the left wheel,
 and then the guy who puts the windscreen wipers on
 would have to walk over and do that.
 But if you have the conveyor belt,
 then the carcass can move along
 and everyone could just stand there and do their thing,
 and by the time it gets to the end of the conveyor belt,
 it's done.
 So Ford was the first place to really do that,
 and that was why they became so massive.
 And originally, the conveyor belt was pulled by a rope,
 so you would have a person on the end,
 and they would be pulling the car along
 while everyone was doing their thing.
 And the really interesting thing is that
 the idea came to them from a slaughterhouse.
 So one of the guys who was working at Ford
 visited a slaughterhouse in Chicago,
 and they had a thing called a disassembly line,
 where someone would get an actual carcass
 and pull it along on a rope,
 and then the first person would take out the heart,
 and then the next person would pull off the legs.
 Really?
 And they would take all the bits of the carcass off to be used,
 and this was their system.
 And then Ford thought,
 "Well, what if instead of taking bits off the carcass,
 we put bits onto the carcass?"
 And that's why it's called a car.
 Is that?
 We're all dancing around it.
 Conveyor belts are responsible for naming
 one of the big American products out there.
 Literally, the conveyor belt suggested the name.
 Really?
 Yeah, and that is Hershey's Kisses chocolate.
 And it was when they were manufacturing it,
 the sound that the motion of the machine made
 when it plopped the chocolate onto the conveyor belt,
 it sounded like a little kiss.
 And so they thought, "Oh, these are kisses that are coming out."
 And so they became Hershey's Kisses.
 So yeah, it was literally suggestedly named.
 It's better than Hershey's plops.
 But also it's like the little tube comes down, doesn't it?
 And it goes very close to the conveyor belt
 and then drops it off and pulls up again.
 So it's like it's kissing the conveyor belt.
 Which is not like plopping.
 No.
 Sounds like it's still...
 They must have had a wet conveyor belt.
 Oh.
 Not for about this.
 I'd never heard a conveyor belt make a kissing sound.
 Hershey's Gentle Wet Plops.
 We've all had American chocolate.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact is that graffiti in toilets is called "Latranalia"
 thanks to a professor in 1966
 who thought shithouse poetry wasn't technically correct.
 Because of animal poetry.
 It did seem to be...
 I did like this fact because it did seem to be
 that his objection was just that it wasn't technically correct, right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that's all it was.
 He was an American folklorist called Alan Dundes.
 And it was a fine term,
 but he just thought it's not all poetry.
 You know, so he wrote, by the way, this paper
 which is called "Here I Sit".
 And it's a history of scatological graffiti,
 anything that we found from the ancient world
 all the way through to current day.
 And he gave us this word as a result.
 Which we use now on a daily basis.
 Yeah, it's very common.
 The contribution he's made.
 Every day word.
 Dundes had, in his paper,
 he had the theory that the reason that people write stuff on toilet walls
 is because they have a desire to smear things with their excrement.
 Oh.
 And apparently this is the socially accepted form of that impulse.
 Right.
 Whereas my newly invented turd crayon
 actually allows you to indulge both impulses at the same time.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I thought this was from the paper "Theses on Theses".
 Am I wrong?
 Maybe he republished.
 Right.
 I mean, James, as in my book, for instance,
 was released in hardback under the name "Everything to Play For"
 and in paperback under a load of old balls.
 Wow.
 Jesus.
 Do you have a podcast as well?
 What's going on?
 Actually, no, you mentioned it.
 Oh.
 I just, it just felt like a really relevant example.
 Yeah.
 That was really relevant, Anna.
 That's good work.
 Guys, you're being weirdos.
 And look, I don't mind, we can all be, we can be weirdos, but…
 Oh, I'm so sweet of you to publicize Dan's thing.
 Yeah.
 What a good mate.
 So Duns, or Dundies,
 I actually don't know how you pronounce his name.
 I'm going to say Dundies just to contradict you guys.
 Yeah, go for it.
 He was a pretty interesting guy.
 He was known as the jokes professor,
 because he made his lectures witty and funny,
 he included lots of riddles in them.
 And he wrote some seriously controversial stuff,
 like a thing about how the German national character
 is inextricably bound up with anal erotic fixation,
 which made him contentious.
 In Germany, I imagine.
 Yeah.
 I think largely in Germany, yeah, some of them objected.
 Some of them loved it.
 Fortunately, he only wrote it on the back of a toilet cubicle.
 In his own feces.
 Yeah, so, yeah, had a limited impact.
 But he had this weird moment when he,
 just before he retired, which was the year 2000,
 he got a letter which his wife opened and read,
 which I don't know what the dynamic is there.
 But she said,
 "Gosh, you've got this letter from a former student
 who says that what I learned in your anthropology classes
 influenced me every day of my life,
 so I'm enclosing this check for you."
 And she said, "And it's a thousand dollars, darling."
 And so he said, "Wow, that's, gosh, how lovely."
 And then she said, "Hang on, I don't know how she miscounted.
 Maybe it was an idiot."
 But she said, "Oh, actually, there are more zeros
 than I thought. It's actually a million dollars."
 And a former student just left him a million dollars.
 If you've been enjoying this podcast for the last 10 years,
 feel free.
 Which of us is willing to give out a home address
 to receive that million dollars?
 I will, but you have to read my letter to me
 because I just swamped.
 That's very funny. Wow.
 One of the things is I think there's been too much academic study
 written about latronalia and we need to pare it down
 because every Tom DeGeneres written a paper
 who doesn't know what else to do thinks,
 "How interesting, and I can really easily access this.
 I'll just go to my uni toilets."
 And it's always about the gender difference
 because obviously mostly you get men's and women's toilets.
 But it does seem true that sex is definitely
 the most common topic by far.
 There was a study in Nigeria
 which found that 46% of men's and 37% of women's graffiti
 was about sex.
 And women have more insults, but also more supportive.
 Yeah, there was a study that was done in 2016
 by a guy called Scott Kelly who works in advertising
 and he just got curious about it.
 And he had people going into toilets all over London,
 I think 100 toilets.
 And he asked both men and women to report back
 on what they found.
 So some of the results showed that women were more likely
 to express feelings of love support
 and men were more likely to draw penises.
 That was the large opening thing that they found.
 The penises that were found on the walls of women's bathrooms
 had longer penises than the one on the men's walls.
 Not sure what that means.
 Was that because all the men were saying,
 "This is how big your penises you dickhead,"
 and then taking the piss out of someone?
 I think it's because the men were tracing around
 their own penises when they were drawing the pictures
 on the wall, whereas women had to do it from memory.
 Yeah, it's how men show support mutually, I think,
 is insults and scatological.
 There's a lot of correcting.
 You see someone correct it.
 Someone else is writing or repost, yeah.
 Yeah, I saw an article about Lancaster University.
 So this was Dialogues in Solitude.
 And they talked about someone who'd written "Filed FC"
 and then someone else had written "R shit"
 and then someone else had written "Hot" underneath.
 And they went into all sorts.
 They were like, "Here is an assertion made by A
 with the Ilocution Signalling Identification
 with the College Football Team.
 B contributes a negative evaluation of the group in question,
 denigrating the identity of the other
 and consequently ameliorating in group identity.
 There is then support for A by C,
 shifting this negative evaluation by the addition of "Hot"
 which changes shit into an intensifier in shit-hot."
 If anything proves my complaint about academics
 wasting their time and hours, it is that.
 It is remarkable, isn't it?
 I mean, literally.
 Just get a light.
 If that's been done with public money,
 I'm a little bit vexed about that.
 The entry for dictionary in the 1911 encyclopedia Britannica
 was written by a guy called Alan Walker Reed.
 And he was also very big in Latranalia.
 He wrote a book where he went around the Western United States
 picking up graffiti from toilet walls,
 but he had to publish it privately in Paris
 because no publisher would take it
 because it was so filthy.
 Oh, wow.
 Trust the Parisians.
 Isn't that amazing?
 And even then, they only made 75 copies
 and there was a disclaimer on the front page
 saying this should be restricted to students of linguistics.
 Wow, so funny.
 Wow, Paris was the place.
 Because wasn't it Paris that printed Ulysses as well?
 Ulysses, yeah, yeah.
 It was the place to go if you had something filthy
 that you wanted to print.
 Maybe Lady Chattely's Lover.
 Did that have to be printed in France and then shipped over?
 Maybe.
 I think so.
 I think you might be right.
 I remember, wow.
 Paris actually, I think, had the first public urinals in public.
 Is it well?
 You know, like the ones we have that raise up the street now,
 you can do in London.
 I think, so I was reading about them
 because obviously, you know,
 this is about public toilets generally.
 And there was an early 19th century
 prefect of the city called Rambuto.
 A prefect?
 Sorry, like at private schools?
 Yeah, he wasn't head boy, but it was still my term.
 Just go around telling other Parisians
 to do up the cravats immediately.
 Exactly, so Rambuto, the prefect,
 ordered the construction of these things
 because people were weighing on the streets too much.
 And it's just so interesting that immediately
 it gives privacy to people to transgress
 and being gay was not legal then.
 And so that sort of gave an opportunity
 to be gay in private.
 And by 1862, police were recording the locations
 of all the glory holes in the public toilets
 that had been made.
 They were keeping a record.
 So that was like, again, I didn't know
 glory holes went back that far.
 But I remember probably said it on here,
 but the oldest glory hole in Australia
 is in Perth Museum.
 Really?
 And it's like, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 As in brought in?
 Wait, yeah, that's where it was.
 Was it just...
 No, it was found in a public toilet
 and they brought it and put it into the collection.
 Oh, wow.
 Just the hole?
 As in, like, what's the...
 Anything is potentially an ex-glory hole.
 I'm holding it.
 I'm holding a glory hole here.
 Can you see it?
 The Roman stuff we haven't talked about.
 Is there actual evidence of it?
 I know there are sort of quotes about it.
 So...
 Yeah.
 Why, as in graffiti in ancient Rome?
 Do we have actual walls that were written on?
 I think in Pompeii they do, don't they?
 Yeah, Pompeii they do.
 Oh, yes.
 And that weirdly, that got me onto it.
 Have we talked ever about the Latin thesaurus
 that has people have been writing since 1894?
 This is amazing.
 Okay, this is some people in Munich.
 They're making a dictionary of Latin, right?
 From 500 BC to 200 AD.
 And what their aim is, is every single word ever written
 in Latin ends up in this dictionary.
 So this is how I found it.
 Researcher Marika Ottink said,
 "If a word is just on a toilet in Pompeii in graffiti,
 you'll find it with us."
 So literally every word.
 They started doing this in 1894.
 The German government set it up.
 They might be done by 2050 if they hurry,
 but they think it's probably actually a bit too ambitious.
 How are they being so slow?
 I mean, all dictionaries are supposed to have every word in them.
 I think it's every single word has an entry
 and a branching tree of how it relates to
 all the other words it's related to.
 I see.
 The most recent work they published was P, that of P,
 but they did skip N because it had a lot of words in it.
 They have to go back at some point and do N, it's so annoying.
 They have a lot of like,
 are they called hapex legomonons or something
 where they have one example of the word,
 they just don't know what it means, right?
 If you've only got one example of a word being used,
 unless that is in a dictionary, say this word means this,
 it's really hard to ascertain exactly what it means.
 If all uses of the word milkshake are lost in future,
 in 500 years, apart from in the song,
 "My milkshake brings all the boats to the yard,"
 there'll be feverish scholar debate
 about what a milkshake was.
 What is it?
 Exactly.
 You can infer things.
 So if you've only got a word that's on a toilet wall
 that says X person's name is an absolute questionable word,
 you know, you can infer, can't you?
 It might be legend.
 Yeah, it might be asshole.
 I suppose that's a good point, yeah.
 I didn't consider legend as a possibility.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that Pizza Hut in Hong Kong
 sells a pizza topped with ham, mushroom, and snake.
 Almost.
 Disgusting.
 I think that's like pepperoni, though.
 If you slice the snake finely enough.
 Oh, sorry.
 I was thinking the mushroom part was disgusting,
 but now I see actually that the snake is the unusual bit.
 Yes, so this is Pizza Hut in Hong Kong.
 They have done a team up with a restaurant called Sir Wong Fun,
 which is arguably the oldest restaurant in operation in Hong Kong.
 And this restaurant has lots of specialties,
 which includes snake meat.
 And so the Hong Kong Pizza Hut decided,
 well, why don't we put some on our pizzas?
 And I don't know how popular it is.
 I wouldn't eat it.
 Do you know what kind of snake?
 Oh, what a good question.
 I do not actually.
 It's like Scampi, isn't it?
 There's lots of stuff in there.
 You can eat.
 There's lots of different species of snake that are eaten.
 So I actually don't know.
 For instance, we even at Viper in England.
 Really?
 At various times in our history.
 We have a few cookbooks with Viper recipes in them.
 Wow.
 I actually wonder why we don't.
 There must be something.
 It must not be that tasty.
 Otherwise, why aren't we eating snake?
 I don't think it's very tasty.
 Ken Elm Digby, father of Everard Digby,
 friend of the podcast,
 come up with a recipe of a Viper wine at some point.
 I think he did with Cockail as well in the same book.
 Interesting.
 Apparently, just on the taste of snake,
 according to the Oxford Companion, it's a food.
 They say generally, the obvious resemblance between eels and snakes
 make recipes for one suited to the other.
 But snakes are leaner.
 They taste a bit ealy, apparently.
 Do you know when the best time to eat this pizza is?
 And I don't mean in terms of like, you know, 7pm,
 I mean seasonal.
 Ooh.
 Oh, snake season.
 When the snakes are big.
 Yeah.
 So it's when the autumn wind begins to blow.
 And the reason is because they've fattened up the snakes
 at this point in preparation for hibernation.
 So you're getting your snakiest topping when you order it then.
 Pizza Hut are very good at this kind of regional specializing,
 aren't they?
 Are they?
 Well, I found a few other examples from around the place.
 These are a bit less visceral.
 I mean, Pizza Hut Middle East did a cheeseburger crown crust pizza
 which has a ring of miniature cheeseburgers around the edge of the crust.
 Sounds great.
 Fine.
 Well, all right.
 How do you think about this one, James?
 Pizza Hut Malaysia, which offered a kind of squirting crust.
 Okay.
 Isn't that a stuffed crust that you've squeezed?
 What's it squirting?
 Garlic sauce and cheese.
 Isn't that just a stuffed crust?
 For some reason, it's more impressive than a stuffed crust.
 It's more of a blast zone, apparently.
 Oh, okay.
 Okay.
 All right.
 I had a little bit of a look at the stuffed crust,
 and it's a fascinating tale.
 So any of you guys see this?
 No, no.
 The inventor of the stuffed crust has actually had a
 full-on documentary released about him called Stolen Dough.
 Brilliant.
 And he's called Anthony Mongello.
 He invented it in the 1980s, and Pizza Hut stole it.
 He once accidentally made a pizza badly, made the crust too big,
 saw there's this big hole in my crust.
 Let's stuff it with cheese.
 And he mentioned this to his dad, who actually had invented
 a machine for molding mozzarella.
 So there are big cheese--
 How convenient.
 Inventory cheese.
 He accidentally invented stuffed crust after his father
 invented an incredibly complicated industrial component
 to mold mozzarella.
 What are the odds?
 I'm so annoyed.
 I'm so annoyed every time.
 Yeah.
 It's a collab.
 That's a collab.
 I'm sure he invented it thanks to a combination of circumstances
 which are not like, oh, are you trolling my pizza?
 What can I fill it with?
 Well, I don't have a snake to hand.
 I'm a little more organic than that, isn't it?
 You've grown up in a family where cheese is a big thing.
 You're often talking about it, especially squishy cheese.
 Completely.
 I'm just saying circumstances are a bigger factor than accident.
 Yeah.
 No one's claimed an accident.
 I haven't claimed that he invented it by accident.
 He very much invented the stuffed crust intentionally.
 OK, OK, good.
 With money in mind.
 Well, like he mentioned in the car, which just somehow
 magically happened.
 The crucial thing is he's got a patent.
 Then he called up pizza places.
 He called up Pizza Hut and said, look,
 do you want this stuffed crust thing I've invented?
 Pizza Hut said, no.
 Eight years later, what shows up on Pizza Hut's menu?
 It's the stuffed crust.
 And what's the big claim?
 They were probably just making a pizza
 and noticed that there was a hole in their pizza tripped over.
 So mozzarella landed in there.
 They didn't even attempt to claim that.
 They basically offered him 50 grand and was like, well, you know.
 And he was like, get stuffed.
 That's what it should have been called, this documentary.
 The stolen dough is very good as well.
 I think get stuff would be the Pizza Hut response
 documentary in the documentary rat battle.
 But he decided to reject their offer
 and sued them for $1 billion.
 $1 billion.
 It's always a great number to sue.
 Yeah.
 It is really cool, isn't it?
 It's very Dr. Evil, but it's destined to failure, which it did.
 Oh, did you get anything?
 He got nothing.
 Just take what you're offered, guys.
 That's the solution of this.
 Just very quickly, do you know how they cook pizzas at Pizza Hut?
 Did they put them in a pizza oven?
 In a pizza oven.
 They use a conveyor belt.
 No.
 They do.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 It goes on a little conveyor belt and heads into the oven.
 And it comes out the other side cooked.
 Like those things that make toast in hotels.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like that.
 That's very good.
 It's silly because you can't adjust the toastedness, can you?
 You should be able to adjust the speed.
 Well, you can adjust the toastedness.
 There are dials.
 What?
 And also, I mean, the problem is they often only toast one side of the bread.
 So you get toast that's charred on one side and bread on the other.
 You guys are going to terrible hotels.
 Yes.
 Gens, we'll go on tour together.
 It's annoying when you go off to the local Hilton with your fancy toasting machines.
 In 2012, they launched a promotion, Pizza Hut, where if you were in the American
 presidential debates and you asked the candidates whether they preferred sausage or pepperoni
 on their pizza, you would win free pizza for life.
 OK.
 Did anyone do it?
 No, because there was an outcry.
 I think it was degrading democracy.
 Little did they know.
 And they moved it online and just instead randomly selected someone to win free pizza
 for life, which I think was also a swiz because what is free pizza for life?
 They always, what they do is they work out the average number of pizzas that someone eats in a
 year. And like that's always down because they include people who just don't eat pizza.
 And then they say, OK, well, the average person eats one and a half pizzas a year.
 If we include everyone who lives in Mauritania, who's never heard of pizza.
 And so, yeah, they give you a voucher for like 12 pizzas.
 Yeah, it wasn't that quite, it was a free pizza a week, but only for 30 years.
 I think after 30 years, you are probably done.
 I think if you're eating that many pizzas, that probably is your life expectancy.
 I would like the right to have 9000 pizzas now.
 Do you know what I mean?
 It should be any number of pizzas you want for eternity.
 I agree.
 Do you know which country eats the most pizza?
 It's so surprising.
 Italy.
 Italy.
 Lovely.
 I'll accept James's answer as less wrong, but still wrong.
 What would it be?
 I think it must be, do you mean per capita or?
 Per capita, yes.
 I think, and it's quite hard to explain why, and no one has adequately done it.
 So my theory is that this place perhaps doesn't have access to that much good,
 fresh food, because of its geographical location.
 You're quite far away, it's Norway.
 Easter Island.
 Oh, okay, sorry, I'll take it back.
 Norway eats by far the most pizza, so 11.4 kilos per person.
 Next is Canada, 8.9.
 So that's so much.
 Most of it is frozen pizza that you buy from the supermarket,
 and half of those are this brand called Grandiosa,
 and they really want a Norwegian to write in.
 When we went to Norway, maybe I'm conflating two places here,
 but I feel like there was quite a lot of these 7-Eleven places
 where you could just buy slices of pizza all the time.
 Oh, that's good.
 I think that might be part of it.
 Buying a slice is good, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That makes sense.
 Is it good pizza there?
 No, I think it's not.
 I think they like it to the extent that when a,
 the company that makes Grandiosa,
 which is called Staborette,
 when they produced a pizza-themed song
 called Respect for Grandiosa in 2006,
 it was at the top of the country's music charts for eight weeks.
 Oh my God.
 But I also think it's not particularly good pizza.
 Yeah, but it doesn't prove it really.
 It doesn't prove the taste thing, does it?
 No.
 Should we mention true pizza from Naples?
 Yeah.
 Because it's, it's very serious in Naples.
 So there is the Associazione Verace Pizza Napoletana,
 and this was set up in 1984
 by the 17 most eminent pizza clans in Naples.
 So rough on the 18th most eminent.
 I know, I know, and there's a guide to Neapolitan Pizza,
 what it needs to be to become accredited.
 So if you, even if you're anywhere around the world,
 you can make a proper Neapolitan Pizza,
 but you have to adhere to this guide.
 It's 27 pages long,
 and it's incredibly strict about the kind of things you need.
 What is it?
 Is it like just like literally cheese, tomato, and basil or something?
 There are, yeah, there are,
 there are lots of rules about the dough and the scorch marks
 and that kind of stuff.
 And these dimensions, like maximum dimension is 35 centimetres across,
 all of this stuff.
 Even, they claim that even Roman and Sicilian pizzas
 are just sort of bastardised for catchers.
 I mean, they're probably very proud of it.
 Well, I think like modern pizzas were invented in America really,
 weren't they?
 Because like, basically what happened was,
 Italian immigrants, or immigrants to America,
 had this thing called tomato pie,
 which is basically like a pizza,
 but the cheese would go on the bottom
 and the tomato would go on the top.
 What?
 And then they kind of over the years, especially in New York,
 they kind of added toppings
 and they swapped the cheese and the tomato around
 and they created what we would now know as a pizza.
 Oh, sorry.
 I thought you meant the cheese went on like the underside
 and the tomato went on the top side.
 Like a sandwich, a bread sandwich.
 Yeah, well, how do you hold this?
 That's disgusting.
 And so then what happened was,
 American tourists would go over to Italy
 and they'd want pizzas like they knew at home.
 And so Italians would start making pizzas
 in this American Italian style.
 And so that's why now, even in Italy,
 most of the pizzas will be this kind of modern style of pizza.
 That's very interesting.
 You know what's so weird?
 You mentioned New York.
 It wasn't until September 20th, 1944,
 that pizza got its first proper mention in a newspaper.
 And even more exciting,
 the article uses what they say is
 the rare use of the plural of pizza,
 which is pizza.
 Pizza.
 Oh, that's nice.
 Yeah, yeah, we'll do that from now on, pizza.
 I actually, I did find another mention in from 1935
 from New York about a pizza restaurant,
 describing it excitedly as this new invention.
 Yeah, so I think it might have come up a little bit,
 but it was like a calzone, I think it was stuffed,
 which I think they often were at this time.
 And it said that pizza is best served as a side to roast beef.
 How interesting.
 Because you know calzone used to mean
 sausage wrapped in a tube of dough was a calzone.
 Like a toad in the hole.
 Well, like a sausage roll, basically.
 Oh, yeah.
 And then eventually it became a folded over pizza,
 but really a true calzone should be just a sausage roll.
 Sausage stuffed crust.
 That's interesting.
 The word pizza originally was pizza, like pizza bread.
 And it gets a name from the old word for pitch,
 you know, like a pine pitch that you might paint onto a ship
 so that it doesn't, so that it's waterproof.
 And is that because you're painting the tomato pitch
 onto the boat, which is the pizza in this instance?
 No, it's because when you paint pitch onto wood,
 it kind of comes into layers.
 And quite a lot of breads and cakes are quite layered.
 And so you have in lots of different languages,
 you have pitch cakes and pitch breads in the Middle East.
 It became pizza.
 And then that came to Italy and they called it pizza.
 That's great.
 The 2024 World Dominoes Championship.
 Is this Dominoes Pizza?
 I'm talking pizzas.
 So the game, the game Dominoes.
 - Sponsored by? - Pizza Hut.
 - Pizza Hut. - No.
 - Is it? - Yeah.
 - Is it? - And they've run out of--
 - That's brilliant. - They've run out of--
 People who like Domino's love Pizza Hut.
 [LAUGHTER]
 - That is so good. - Very clever.
 - That's stunning. - Very clever.
 - Domino's is very clever. - Very clever.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this show,
 we can be found on our various social media accounts.
 I'm on @sribeland on Instagram.
 - Andy? - @andrewhunterm.
 I am also on Twitter, like Andy's @andrewhunterm,
 and my Twitter is @jamesharkard.
 Yeah, and Anna, where can they get to us as a group generally?
 You can go on Twitter @nosuchthing
 or Instagram to @nosuchthingasafish,
 or you can email podcast@qi.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our website,
 @nosuchthingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there,
 so do check them out.
 You can also get access to Club Fish,
 the Secret Members Club, where we put up bonus episodes.
 And you can get access to the Discord as well,
 where lots of the fish listeners get together,
 chat about episodes, random things, make friendships.
 It's a great place to be, so do check it out.
 And of course, you can find on our website our tour dates.
 We are on the road in September through to November.
 We are going to be going all over the UK.
 We're going to Europe.
 We're going to be going to Australia, New Zealand.
 So do check out if we're coming to a city near you.
 Get your ticket, and we'll hopefully see some of you there.
 Otherwise, just come back next week,
 because we will be back for another episode,
 and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (soft music)
