 One welcome to another episode and no such thing as a fish.
 We have a very exciting day ahead of us.
 We are on our way to the studio to record the very first episode of no such thing as the
 news.
 It's our BBC 2 TV show and it's going to air May 20th at 11.05 pm on BBC 2.
 So we need you guys to watch it.
 We really need you to watch it because if you don't watch it, they'll cancel us.
 We will lose the entire series.
 So please, if you like our show, if you're hearing this now, cancel your Friday night plans
 and come to the TV, sit down, make yourself some tea and watch our show.
 We'd really appreciate it and please spread the word.
 If you want to watch it on I Player a little bit later, that is also okay with us.
 Just watch it at some point and you can go to the no such thing as a fish YouTube channel
 and catch it there anytime from Sunday morning.
 The episode you're about to hear now is the on-ed pilot which we recorded last week.
 So enjoy.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as the news coming to you from
 up the Crete Comby Club in Greenwich London.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and please welcome it's Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and
 James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our favourite facts from
 the last seven days of news and in no particular order, here we go, starting with you, Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that the first thing that Ted Cruz did after dropping it out of the
 Republican contest was Elba's wife in the face.
 And this was so you probably saw that about a week ago, Ted Cruz dropped out the Republican
 race leaving Donald Trump as the only contender for the throne of America.
 And yeah, it's just a great YouTube clip.
 You should watch it.
 He makes this speech in Indiana saying he's very sorry but he seems to have not gone that
 well for him.
 He turns away from the microphone.
 Elba's his wife in the face as he's hugging his dad and then he sort of tries to compensate
 for it by then trying to do a three-way hug with his dad and his wife and then sort of
 slaps her about a bit as he goes back to do that.
 And that was just seemed like an awkward end to an awkward campaign.
 I think he's got a very unfortunate time, Ted Cruz.
 First of all, Donald Trump made a reference to JFK's killing and accused Cruz at some point
 of having done in a photo with Lee Harvey Oswald to release.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 He was far, sorry.
 He's just far though of being a photo of Lee Harvey Oswald.
 Yeah.
 So he's the spawn of the murderer.
 And then everyone in America seems to think that he is the zodiac killer.
 Even though his first murder was committed two years before Cruz was born.
 I find it like there was, he had a non-line story that had lots of odd products.
 If you were trying to eventually run for president, you wouldn't naturally have.
 There was this one debate that he had with Donald Trump where he started telling Donald Trump
 to breathe.
 And Trump was like, "Well, you breathe.
 I'm breathing.
 Why can't you breathe?"
 And he was like, "Oh, I'm breathing.
 Why don't you breathe?"
 They just had this real kind of like, breathe-off kind of conversation.
 And then Rubio comes in and he's like, "When you guys are done doing yoga."
 And it's like these weird calls.
 And then so, Ted Cruz, then a few days later, for 35 bucks on his website, you could buy
 the Ted Cruz Breathe Exercise Matt that you would just learn to breathe better on.
 So he was just running with these gangs and then he got sued by a company who are a yoga
 company who are called Breathe saying you can't suddenly start selling Breathe Yoga Matt on
 your website.
 So he had to take the whole Breathe thing away.
 So then he just was selling Exercise Matt, you know?
 Just for no reason, it's just why not get an Exercise Matt of mine?
 It's the whole joke, I guess we're now selling Exercise Matt.
 So it looks now it's going to be Trump versus Clinton, right, in the American presidential
 race.
 And it means it's going to be the most unpopular presidential candidates in my lifetime,
 versus the second most popular candidate in my lifetime, and by a long, long way as well.
 Yeah.
 I think PJ walked, tweeted a couple of days ago that this came out in support for Hillary
 and it was a story and the tweet was everyone vote for Hillary, it's the second worst thing
 that could possibly happen to the world.
 There was a poll this week by the public policy poll and they like tested how popular Donald
 Trump is compared to various different things and it turned out that he is less popular than
 the traffic jams, used car salesmen, hipsters, jury duty, the band's nickel back, root canal
 surgery and lice.
 There's another on Ted Cruz's website, there's another product that he sold, which is a thing
 that he started, a kind of what he was trying to guess to be a kind of meme going round,
 which is about, he called it Trump or Tantrum.
 So the idea is, every time Donald Trump was throwing a tantrum, he was like, it's a Trump
 or a tantrum and I looked at just the basic words and you think, why didn't you just call
 it a tantrum?
 And I don't trust someone who doesn't recognise a good pun.
 So...
 Do you know how to tell if he's angry actually?
 Donald Trump.
 Yeah.
 No.
 He, as I'm talking about, he starts building walls, he wears a red hat when he's angry.
 This is according to his butler, who I think wrote a book a couple of months ago, a few
 months ago and said that the way to tell his mood is by the colour of hat that he's wearing
 and when he's pissed off, he wears a red hat and that is when to leave Iran.
 So there's a fit, this is the American elections.
 We have the British local elections this week.
 I was a few funny, amusing things that happened there.
 In Wolverhampton, the Conservative Party accidentally put two people up for elections, so they
 came first and third.
 Welcome.
 Yeah, but the thing is, they took votes off each other.
 So one of them said no, no vote for him, vote for him but people didn't really pay any attention.
 And if the guy who came third got just 60 more votes, then Labour would have gotten.
 And also, there's election going on in the Philippines at the moment with the most unbelievably
 weird man who's just wanted and his campaign slogan is basically I will kill all the criminals.
 Well, do we go Duterte or Duterte, or the Punisher, as they call it.
 It is Duterte, I think, because his nickname and his old job was Duterte Harry.
 Oh, see, that is a good pun.
 Ted Cruz could learn something up there.
 And that's how he got into power.
 In an interview, many are asking what my credentials are and what I can do for the Philippines.
 They're telling me that they have heard I will womanize her.
 That is true.
 That is very true.
 He said, well, in a press conference, he just said that.
 He's point, he's voted about his multiple affairs and the fact he uses a lot of my anger
 to keep himself going.
 He's voted about his my anger use.
 Yeah, it's very confident, isn't it?
 You wait till you see the pills I have to take to sustain this.
 He's got an advertising contact with his side, but yeah, he's reassured the public after
 boasting that all his affairs, that his mistresses won't cost the public a lot because he keeps
 them in sheen boarding house and he takes up to short stay hotels for sex.
 He's quite a character.
 He's like one of these strong men, kind of presidents, that kind of coming in around the
 world.
 I think he's one of those kind of guys.
 Right.
 We need to move on to our final facts soon.
 So anyone got anything before we do?
 Can I just quickly relate one thing about the recent UK election?
 Yeah.
 In case you missed it, there was a Labour counsellor called Duncan N. Wright and he wanted
 to be the counsellor for Whitney in the West Oxfordshire area and he sent a tweet out after
 the elections just saying, lost by 70 votes or so, thanks for the opportunity to serve.
 The fight goes on and then about 20 minutes later he sent another tweet saying, actually,
 it turns out I won, fondle of my votes under a Tory pile.
 Thanks, Whitney.
 And they just, that's how casual voting is in this country.
 Oh, we found a bunch more votes under this pile of paper.
 Sorry.
 The fight can stop immediately.
 All right.
 So there we have it.
 Ted Cruz, accidentally, elbows his wife in the face.
 Now we are moving on to our second fact of the show and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that this week scientists have discovered that we still haven't discovered
 99.99% of life on Earth.
 That's a lot.
 Now, the big story that was in the news this week about this is that there's an estimate
 of how much life on Earth there is and it changes all the time, but it's quite manageable
 in a way for counting purposes.
 So in 2011, they thought there was about 8.7 million different forms of life on the planet.
 They just found out through this new study that they reckoned that that number has gone
 up from 8.7 million to one trillion, one trillion, what are these things that we haven't?
 They found it.
 There's a lot of sports to be had.
 Is it very, very small things that we haven't?
 Yeah, it's microbes.
 It's microbes.
 What they did is there's a way of kind of working things out called scaling laws and say
 you know how big an animal is, you can kind of tell what its metabolism is and if the
 bigger it is, the more it is, so you can put the size of the animal in it and you can work
 out its metabolism.
 That's an example of things and another way of doing this is you can work out how many big
 animals there are in an area and then by putting them into an equation, you can work out
 how many microbes or how many small animals there are as well and so they've worked out how
 many big animals they think there are and they've put it into the scaling equation and
 they've come out with one trillion.
 We just don't know, I mean they are making this up, I think.
 That's true.
 They said that there's between 100 billion and 1 trillion.
 So that is actually quite a large gap between those two numbers if you think about it.
 Don't think about it, just let me know.
 It is amazing.
 The difference between a billion and a trillion is it's a number that I'm unable properly
 to understand.
 So I started thinking about it.
 I first thought, okay, everyone always has this dream of having a species named after
 them.
 So I thought, well, if there's a trillion surely there's enough for us all, right, to go around.
 So I looked into it.
 And more than enough.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So I looked into how many people have existed on earth ever, all the dead people, all the
 living people combined and apparently according to the population reference of euro, they estimate
 that about 107 billion people have ever existed, which means that's a bit less than a trillion
 so we could do it.
 And that's really, that's insane, the differentiation of life on our planet.
 Yeah, but most of those people don't want some crappy bit of bacteria named after them.
 They want a large mammal, a large, ambitious mammal.
 That's what's so disappointing about this.
 You hear this fact?
 You're like brilliant lions everywhere, different species of lions.
 Oh good, it's tiny microbes again.
 They're probably really interesting.
 You're probably, you're probably being specious against these microbes.
 They're probably very interesting.
 And I think you could probably, because I don't know actually what a microve is, but I
 reckon.
 I reckon they're probably interesting when you look close at them.
 Do you know the largest species that we discovered last year?
 No.
 The largest new species.
 I can find.
 So there were 2034 new plant species discovered last year alone.
 And the biggest was a tree, a gulbertio dendron maximum, which gets up to 45 meters high and
 we hadn't found it before.
 Wow.
 Good was that?
 No matter.
 It was great.
 Was there anything behind this slightly bigger tree?
 No, it was hiding in Gabon.
 Oh really?
 Also, last year, the first ever animal found on Facebook.
 What do you mean?
 No, sorry, it was an insect eating plant.
 I think it was identified because someone saw it on Facebook.
 I don't think it had an account.
 It's going to happen.
 No, mutual friends?
 Who was the star?
 What was really cool about that?
 I saw that article.
 And it was basically a guy found this plant and he put a picture of it on.
 And then he had a friend, I think, who saw it and thought, that's something new.
 But what's great about it is because the photo was geotagged.
 They knew exactly where it was.
 So they could go and find it and they could check it out and find out that it actually was
 a real new plant.
 Yes.
 It's really cool, isn't it?
 I love it.
 I think maybe social media isn't such a mistake after all.
 Actually, I think it's a secret categorising.
 It's like the finding.
 There's a fun part.
 But then they're all sitting in museums or botanical gardens waiting for some point
 in turn to put them in a list.
 That's true.
 And that's where the hold-up is, I reckon.
 That's true.
 2014, a new species that was discovered that was collected by Darwin.
 Like, that's how.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So in the Natural History Museum, every week, they discover about 50 new different species
 because they're going through the backlog.
 So they still haven't gone through all of Darwin's stuff.
 And they keep going through and going, oh my god, this is a new beetle.
 Surely you bump that up to the top of the list.
 That was finished Darwin.
 Yeah.
 Oh, I've been looking up a few things about David Attenborough because he's a man who has a lot of things
 named after him.
 New species.
 And a lot of species and things like that.
 And, obviously, news this week.
 Hot news.
 No one's ever coming.
 His birthday.
 Yeah.
 Who knew.
 Thanks.
 We'll pass that on.
 Pass on that incredibly half-hearted audience reaction.
 How old is he?
 He's 90.
 I found out this thing about him that in 2011, he sold 132-year-old murder in a sense.
 There was a murder that happened in 1879.
 And it was a woman called Julia Martha Thomas, who was killed by her housekeeper.
 It was called Kate Webster and Webster was arrested and she was tried and she was convicted
 and then executed.
 But one thing it was never found was the murdered woman's head.
 And this was found in David Attenborough's garden when he was having an extension done to his
 home.
 Where is this?
 2011.
 And the murder was in 1879.
 OK.
 So it was 213-year-old.
 And he's only 90.
 So he's not in the frame.
 So he plays.
 Imagine that scoop.
 He's incredible.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 David.
 So well done him for having an extension done.
 Also well done.
 Clevver David.
 Yeah.
 Also well done him.
 I think he's probably proud of that, but when he was 89, so not long ago, he became…
 So what does that say?
 He broke the record for the deepest anyone's dive on the Great Barrier Reef.
 So he went down a thousand feet on the Great Barrier Reef in a submersible, with a person
 who knew how to drive a submersible.
 It was brilliant.
 I just think that's incredible.
 And there's footage of him doing it.
 He looks so comfortable.
 And he said it was brilliant.
 He wasn't nervous at all.
 It was like being in a cinema or something.
 You're in absolute comfort.
 You're just in there, munching chocolate and saying, "This is wonderful."
 Oh, of course it looks to him at the same time.
 It's just wonderful.
 Just incredible.
 It's not meant to be white.
 That's what I was thinking about the bear.
 It's a thing about the grizzly bear.
 When I was looking for stuff about Leicester City, I was reading the Leicester Mercury and
 they had a headline.
 It was today in the Leicester Mercury.
 It said, "Should East Midlands Airport be renamed after Sir David Attenborough?"
 And I think we should let the internet decide.
 You're pretty angry about Boatham at Boatface, right, Andy?
 You have come down in the month, isn't it?
 Well, you think we can why you want to go down?
 Obviously they've named Boat now after Sir David Attenborough instead.
 Don't worry.
 Boatham at Boatface still survives.
 It's a remotely operated vehicle aboard David Attenborough.
 Yeah, it's a...
 Yeah, they've been...
 They've installed it on him.
 It's a submarine, which it looks really beautiful.
 There was quite finally...
 There was a petition on, I think it was, "Change.org" for David Attenborough to change his
 name now to Boatface.
 Yeah.
 But, yeah, he's also the only person...
 I just love this, David Attenborough.
 In fact, he's the only person to have received a BAFTA in five different formats.
 So he's received BAFTAs in black and white, colour, HD, 3D and 4K TV.
 And even though no one knows what 4K TV is, that's still cool.
 It's just extremely high resolution television.
 But, great work, David.
 Yeah.
 We need to move on very shortly to our next facts.
 Have we got anything else before we do?
 I can quickly tell you about a video that I saw in YouTube if you want to.
 So, is this fisherman in Australia called Roddled Honey Set?
 And he was in Australia.
 And you can see the video.
 And there's this little thing floating around, and he's like, "Is it, I think it might be
 a sea slug, or is it a new species of jellyfish?"
 And so he put it onto YouTube to see if people will be able to tell what it was.
 And they pretty quickly managed to identify it as a rather large poop.
 [laughter]
 Amazing.
 [laughter]
 And, who did their name enough?
 [laughter]
 Okay, look.
 We need to move on.
 We need to move on to our third fact of the evening.
 And that is Jane Tarkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that, as well as winning the Premier League title, the owners
 of Leicester City also won the World Elephant Polo Championships.
 [laughter]
 And no one is talking about that.
 Oh, no.
 What's going on?
 What, what, what, what versatile men they are.
 [laughter]
 And, does anyone go?
 Srivitana Brothers.
 Okay.
 They bought Leicester City, but they've also done another few different kind of spots.
 And they've really got a polo, and as well as being really good at polo, they're really
 good at Elephant Polo.
 And this year they're giving loads of money to people who are really good at polo.
 They are going to polo.
 The vice chairman is called Iowa, and he's one of the players on the beating for the horse
 polo.
 So they put the...
 Give it not the elephant polo.
 Not the elephant polo.
 [laughter]
 And I read that Miss Thailand competes in the Elephant Polo, so I don't know how high
 the standards are.
 You knew that.
 Is that her talent round?
 [laughter]
 Right.
 Actually, Elephant Polo started off as a bit of a joke.
 It was invented by two British guys in the '90s or the '80s.
 They kind of thought it was just a funny thing to do, but then now it's kind of become a much
 bigger thing, and it's a charity event, a little bit controversial.
 They make a load of money, and they give it to elephant charities.
 But also, there was an activist called Leicchiliart from Thailand, who said Elephant and not made
 for polo.
 [laughter]
 It would be a perverse god.
 [laughter]
 It's true, it's true.
 He's quite an eccentric man, Rani Aries, isn't he?
 So that's the manager of Wester.
 Yes, that's the manager.
 Who, at the start of the season, he was the book he's favourite to be the first manager
 in the premiership to be sat?
 I read.
 I think this is a guardian that said he's an eccentric who offered a win bonus of pizza
 at a local restaurant to incentivise his players.
 [laughter]
 So he is that kind of, like, unattainable prize.
 [laughter]
 You know what I'm saying?
 You know what I'm saying?
 Um, he also, he used to rally them with his cry of dilly-ding, dilly-dong.
 And when asked why that was the cry that he rallyed them with, he said it was because he couldn't
 sing, so he pretended to be a bell instead.
 [laughter]
 Well, I think they achieved that, and my favourite thing definitely, looking into the
 story, is the fact that because they're a Thai family, they massively subscribe to Buddhism.
 And so they were flying over for every home game, monks to come and bless the team.
 They would slap Jamie Variety and the rest of the team players' legs with these lashes
 that they were blessing them with, and while the team was out there, they sat back a bunch
 of monks chanting away, kind of guessing how the game was going based on the cheers, and
 just chanting away for their, to bless the team to win.
 They planted relics underneath the pitch, so the whole thing, it's extraordinary, it's
 incredible. Honestly, it's a massive Buddhist monk victory this whole season.
 [laughter]
 It's incredible, isn't it?
 He built them a temple, I think, or a shrine.
 Apparently, as someone who worked at the club, I think one of the chefs said that the pitch
 was full of covered in white marks from where the monks kept on blessing it, and they
 don't know how they're blessing it.
 [laughter]
 And I'm not just that. [laughter]
 So a lot of the stories about Leicester win the title is how they were 5,000 to one at the
 start of the year, so I thought I'd look at a few things about odds and things like that.
 Two guys, Skelly and Justin Tomlinson, who if either of them becomes Prime Minister, they're
 going to get 500,000 pounds, and that's because they put a bet on when they're at university
 at 10,000 to one that they would become Prime Minister, and they're both currently Conservative
 MPs.
 [laughter]
 There was another thing that I saw that a lot of people put a bet on them becoming 100,
 turning 100, and the way that they work out the odds on that is they take your age, subtract
 it from 100, and that's the odds.
 So if I'm, what am I, 37, so that would mean that I would be 63 to 1 to reach 100, and
 that's how they work it out.
 [laughter]
 Okay, well that's it.
 That is Leicester, also the elephant polo owners, which is amazing.
 The champions of the world in two different sports.
 Let's move on to our final fact of the show, and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that Britain's first ever robot was designed to replace the Duke of York.
 [laughter]
 So, this is in the news, because it's a robot that we lost.
 We don't know where it went.
 It was in 1928, it was built, and there's a campaign, the Science Museum of Launching, to rebuild
 it.
 They've got the designs, and they want to make a new one, so I think there's a Kickstarter.
 But this is the most incredible robot.
 It was called Eric, and it was in 1928, the Duke of York was meant to open an exhibition
 for the Society of Model Engineers, and then he dropped out, and so the guy was organising
 the exhibition, said, "Well, we need a replacement," and he and an engineer, and he made one, and it stood
 up on the day, and it made a four-minute speech, and it looked around, and it answered questions,
 and its teeth were sparking, because there were 35,000 volts of electricity going through them.
 [laughter]
 And then Eric just went on tour around the world, and huge audiences came to see him, and
 that we have no idea where he went in the end.
 Do you think the audience has been warned that there had been a change in booking it, or
 before that, I'd go like the Duke of York thinking, "Where?"
 [laughter]
 So this, just to clarify, this is a science museum Kickstarter. The science museum of London
 has actually set this up, and what they've had is they've found not Eric himself, the robot.
 They've found the plans of the robots, and the idea is that they now want to refund it,
 send him back around the world to talk to people, I guess, I don't quite know, but they're
 opening up quite a similar kind of robotic exhibition, so they thought let's get Eric back
 on the scene.
 Yeah, they're rebuilding a lot, I think, aren't they?
 I read an article in the Sunland Daily Echo from the 1930s, and they said that Eric was
 the perfect husband.
 Eric should prove the idol of all the girls, he never swers, does not stay out late at night
 in his truest steal.
 Like a good boy, he speaks when he's spoken to, and confesses he cannot think.
 [laughter]
 That's fantastic.
 Yeah, but he, because this was--
 You saw all of his women in cheekboarding houses, in short-stay hotels, and you should see
 how much viagre he got.
 Yeah, he was, so he said he was built in, did you say where he was built, 1928, wasn't
 it?
 But when you look at the newspaper archives, it seems in the '30s and '40s, he became
 really popular, and I checked the popularity of the name Eric.
 And Eric was not very popular in the '20s at all.
 And then in, so in 1928, there were only 186 Eric's born in Britain, but by 1948, there were
 two and a half thousand, and by 1958, there were more than 8,000.
 So I record that Eric might have caused the popularity of the name Eric.
 Oh my God.
 It's so good.
 Sorry.
 Very good.
 He was, so I've got a rival article to yours, from the newspaper archives, and I haven't
 done much paper it was from, but must have been a rival paper, because that said that he is
 as unattractive as any steel figure you've ever seen.
 And he is, if you look at pictures, but they were going to build an assistant, this article
 said.
 So it promised that they say his sister, who is now in production, is to be beautiful.
 She's like one of the figures in West End Store Windows.
 And I couldn't find anything more of the sister's manufacture.
 So Eric's sister, beautiful sister, maybe out there.
 I read about another robot that was in the news this week.
 So you have a loan of robots kind of stud next to each other.
 They're only like six inches tall or something.
 And they're kind of communicating to each other in their own little language.
 And whenever they notice that a human's coming by, they'll turn round and they'll go, oh,
 hello.
 What do you think?
 And then whatever you say to them, they go, oh, that's interesting.
 And they turn round and they carry on their little conversation.
 They don't understand anything that human says, but it's just a way of kind of pretending
 to be interested in humans.
 So that is genuinely a push now for any robot or AI that they're trying to do.
 They're trying to get them to be better with humans and be more understanding.
 I was reading that's a Google for the past few months.
 They've just spoken about this this week, but this has been going on for two months or
 so.
 They have been feeding.
 So they have a bunch of AI computers.
 And the idea is that the AI computers can learn better to interact with humans through
 various different ways.
 The current way that they're doing it is that they are feeding these AI machines at Google.
 Currently, they're halfway through about halfway through 2,865 romance novels.
 So they're just making the AI read romance novels.
 And like the titles like Fatal Desire jacked up on Conditional Love?
 Jacked up.
 Jacked up.
 This is Jack very romantic.
 Well, for a robot it wouldn't be.
 The idea is that apparently when we're googling things our conversation in terms of the Google.
 So we'll sometimes do quite a sort of chatty Google is very predictable and the best predictable
 dialogue you can find is in romance novels.
 And so they look to that and they feed it in so they come back.
 Another just on the whole thing about big companies trying to work AI into Google doing
 the romance novels Microsoft a while ago.
 Did you read about their chatbot?
 Does everyone know about this chatbot?
 Oh my god.
 Okay.
 Everyone knows.
 Let's move on.
 I could say if you don't know it in the room, basically they had this chatbot whereby they
 thought that it would just start its own Twitter feed and it would start talking to people.
 And within 24 hours it transformed itself into what the article says is an evil Hitler
 loving, incestuous, sex-promoting, bush-did-9/11, proclaiming robot.
 And all of its tweets to people writing to her said that she started calling them daddy
 and asking them to shag her.
 I thought that's her romance novels.
 She has since announced that she will be voting trumps.
 But yeah, it goes wrong.
 They thought they were going to do something that would respond fantastically well.
 Did it take things that people were, or that were proving especially a contractual
 Twitter?
 Because it learned from what people were tweeting towards it and so people started, they realized
 that and started tweeting, really racist things and it just picked it all up.
 We had a wrap up really shortly, so if you've got anything.
 I have a quick thing about the Duke of York.
 I remember that.
 I just thought I'd see what's going on in Duke of York news because of the Britain's
 first robot thing.
 So in the last month, Prince Andrew has opened a business club in Hungate.
 He has opened a luxury bed factory in Castle Donington and around about in Kent named after
 him has caught fire.
 So we're going to wrap up very shortly.
 There were a bunch of stories that we really wanted to talk about tonight as our headline
 topics, but we didn't get time.
 So just very quickly, could you just let us know Jane's Andy and Anna what you would have
 gone for tonight?
 I can't.
 One that we didn't get a chance to say is this one, which is new research, reveals that
 the 20% of Americans are put off by the word moist, moist.
 Anyone?
 Moist.
 Definitely a few people over there.
 Anna, what do you got?
 I like this that after a man in Croydon lost a bet with a friend, the frozen food company
 Iceland has warned shoppers not to lie down in their freezers to cool off.
 And finally, Andy?
 In China, under new guidelines from the Ministry of Culture, live streaming services have
 banned the eating of bananas in a neurotic manner.
 But someone, an unnamed Chinese person, has to have said they will eat yams instead.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for being here tonight.
 Thank you all for watching at home.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on no such thing as the news.com where you can see all
 the stories we're talking about tonight, as well as additional stories that didn't make
 it into the show.
 We will be back again next week with another batch of our favorite news stories from the
 past seven days.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
