 [INTENSE MUSIC]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dad Shriver and I'm sitting here with Adju Huttamari, James Harkin and Alex
 Bell and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go starting with you, Alex.
 My fact this week is that the Swiss flush about $2 million worth of gold down the toilet
 every year.
 Are they hiding it because it's Nazi gold and they're embarrassed about the fact they
 have it?
 And time to mention the Nazis, like three seconds.
 No, this is, it's lots and lots of little tiny, tiny gold particles.
 It's a waste result of the manufacturing process of watches that they think.
 They're not entirely sure where it comes from.
 All they know is that they've been analysing the content of sewage and it's got a really
 weirdly high percentage of gold in it.
 Can they collect it?
 They're trying to come up with a way of getting it that's cost-effective but at the moment
 it's too expensive.
 How crazy that it's costing too much to get $1.8 million worth of gold.
 Yeah, except when you think it's tiny, tiny particles in the water so it's like panning
 for gold.
 Can you go panning for gold there?
 I think they're way too small, it's not like panning for gold in like old times where you
 had a little nugget so you had the choice.
 If you have the choice of panning for gold in a nice river in Scotland or maybe in a load
 of sewage in Switzerland, I know which one I choose.
 Yeah, but one definitely has gold at it.
 One's got $1.8 million worth of gold.
 There's gold in member mountains in Scotland.
 Is it?
 Did you not see that?
 That was in the news about two weeks ago.
 Maybe a week ago where they found the largest gold nugget ever in Britain, I think.
 Oh, the guy who was sitting in the river.
 I think what he does is he lies down, face down in the water and he just kind of looks for
 it.
 Like doesn't do that panning thing or whatever.
 He just kind of lies there and waits and just tries to see it.
 That's nice because it's like fishing but without the fish.
 You are the fish in a way, you're in the water.
 In a way.
 What's it, do we know?
 Are you allowed to keep it if you find a big gold nugget in a river?
 I can't remember.
 I think what happens is the crown of states can claim it.
 Oh.
 So Queen's allowed to eat it.
 Is it, if you find it on crown of state land or is it just the Queen of?
 No.
 I think Queen knows everything actually.
 Oh, man.
 If you find it downstairs in the, you know, let's say you're rooting
 around in the toilets of the QI office and there's no reason to say that.
 And I don't know why you would look at me when you're saying that.
 Well, I would just say like we've already decided that that's a good place to find gold.
 There's no rivers around here.
 Right.
 But if you did find some gold then technically I think you'd have to offer it to the Queen.
 Really?
 I think so.
 I think the same goes for like bottle tops if you find them in a metal head.
 She's just less interested.
 It's a crown made of bottle tops, isn't it?
 It's all of these rooms at Buckingham Palace.
 They're just full of old bottle tops.
 Do you know there's loads of gold in British sewers as well?
 But it's not from, because we don't have a luxury watch industry the same way that the
 Swiss do, it's about seven parts per million which would make it economically feasible as
 a gold mine.
 As in, in a gold mine you get less than that.
 But the way you get, it gets into the water in Britain is from people doing the washing
 up while wearing wedding rings.
 So tiny bits of gold was a, and also get this.
 If you brush your teeth and you've got a gold tooth, tiny bits of gold will come off and
 make the way into the water.
 How often would I have to do the washing up before my wedding ring completely disappeared
 from my hand?
 It sounds like you're really hoping to get out of something by doing the washing up.
 I can say to my wife, I can't do the washing up because that marriage will be an old one.
 You've probably several hundred years of a phrase.
 Okay.
 It's a bit divorce and sounds like a loss of the wedding ring would happen much to you as
 well.
 We've got in our upcoming book, we've got an article on the Fatberg that was displayed
 in the London Museum this year.
 What is that book then?
 It's going to be called the Book of the Year 2018.
 Okay.
 And where is it going to be available?
 You know, places like Waterstones and online retailers that Andy doesn't allow us to say
 anymore.
 And I do.
 It's going to be on Amazon.
 I know you can't say that.
 Sorry, you were saying?
 Yeah.
 So the Fatberg for anyone that doesn't know is just a giant lump of fat that they find
 in the sewers, mainly of London, but they've been found worldwide.
 And yeah, they're ginormous.
 It takes some days and days, in some cases, weeks to absolutely knock them apart.
 They have to use pneumatic drills to get them down.
 And it was made up 90% of cooking fat that we put down our drains.
 The others are wet wipes, which is all down to, it turns out, Colonel Sanders and KFC.
 KFC, effectively, with the first people to let the wet wipe out into the public.
 The man, the man who invented the wet wipe sold it to KFC.
 So KFC, we're the original wet wipe people.
 But now they're mostly used by parents and stuff, right?
 Exactly.
 For children's mums.
 Yeah.
 They weren't used to wipe the chickens, were they?
 But yeah, what's interesting as well is that they found a higher concentration of banned
 gym supplements in the Fatberg than they did, say, cocaine or MDMA.
 What like steroids and things?
 Yeah, exactly.
 So the Fatberg might become muscle burn.
 That's a German city I want to go to sometime.
 All German cities and muscle burn.
 Yeah.
 Very well developed people.
 So I found a crime from this year where thieves used sewage to steal gold.
 This is clever.
 So it's in Western Australia, where there are lots of gold mines.
 And what they did is they stole a sewage truck, and you remember sewage trucks, they have
 those big hoses and nozzles, but they can suck up sewage with.
 And they stuck that into a gold mine site's big pit of gold-rich liquid, and they suck
 that all up.
 Interesting.
 And I didn't know they would have like gold-rich liquid.
 I don't know how the mining process works.
 I guess maybe if they're blasting out of the liquid, they sort of had this gold-y soup
 which they could then refine.
 And if you're going to leave that lying around in a big, fat-labeled gold-rich liquid.
 You're all skinned to be robbed, really, aren't you? That's like putting it in a sort of bag with a dollar sign on it.
 It's very impressive though, to steal a sewage truck, to think of that, because I would have just gone along with a Henry Hoover and tried to take a little bit.
 I think that would be the great escape level way of doing it, going in as a keener every day and just like getting a little bit in your Hoover.
 Yeah.
 The largest nugget of gold ever found was called "Welcome Stranger", okay.
 And I say was, because as soon as it was found, it was melted down into gold fingers.
 The second largest was called "Welcome", "Only Welcome".
 And that was also melted down into sovereigns.
 But the good thing about that is it was found by one guy with a pickaxe who carried on mining after his fellow miners had gone to lunch.
 So they all went away and he thought, "I'm going to carry on mining."
 And as soon as he saw the nugget, he fainted.
 And then when the guys came back from lunch, they saw he was kind of faced down in the middle of the hole and they thought he was dead.
 And so they climbed down to try and save him and they saw the nugget and they fainted as well.
 So it turns out the way to find nuggets of gold is just to lay face down.
 That's true.
 Why were they called "Welcome and Welcome Stranger", that's quite weird names for nuggets.
 Well, that's a really good question.
 I don't know why they're called that.
 I suppose what you might say, if you found a nugget, you might, "Oh, welcome Stranger."
 That's a bit.
 That's a oddly predatory way of discovering something.
 So the third largest is the largest extent nugget. It's called the Hand of Faith and it's on display in Las Vegas.
 Do you know what the Netherlands are doing with their old toilet paper, with their old toilet paper?
 Yeah, use toilet paper.
 They're making it into windmills.
 Shitty windmills.
 Oh, I wish it was that.
 No, well, they're turning it into bike lanes.
 So it is a similarly green, it was a similarly kind of stereotypical dutch thing.
 Are they, do they collect their paper on the side and not flush it down, is that way?
 I don't know how it's collected, actually, that's a really good point.
 It must be that it's flushed down and then sort of scooped out.
 I think it's scooped out.
 Because what they do, once they've got it, I don't know how they get it, but they extract the cellulose from it.
 So it's tree pulp and stuff, which has a lot of cellulose, which is this tough fiber.
 Then they sterilize it, obviously.
 And then they turn it into big pellets, which they can turn into asphalt.
 But also, bike lanes are usually colored brown, aren't they, to make them look different to the rest of the road.
 Right.
 So they probably don't have to use any coloring.
 Yeah, a lot of skid marks as well.
 And then the breaking of the bikes, guys, watch out for pooled desertions.
 Oh, yeah, me.
 I'm almost certain that they are, they must be flushing them when they're clashing the sewers.
 Because it's not like they'd be saying, "Please, everyone put aside your used toilet paper, we'll come and get it."
 No, that does happen, dude.
 That does happen, Alex.
 That does happen.
 Yes, it does.
 Nothing that depends on people, like, no, no, no, no.
 It happens in Greece.
 Yeah, it happens in Greece, really?
 Yeah, I film.
 I don't remember that song.
 (Laughter)
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My factor is that Robert Burns made his own ink out of Old Beer,
 Lard, Elephant Tusk, and Sulfuric Acid.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 It's very cool.
 What a man.
 I read the source that you sent for this, and it noted that these were all things that were readily available in Scotland at the time.
 (Laughter)
 Yeah, I mean, Old Beer and Lard, obviously.
 But where did they get Elephant Tusk in Scotland?
 Library, I reckon.
 Big ivory trade.
 Sure.
 Yeah.
 I mean, that's, I just said another word for the thing.
 (Laughter)
 Capitalism, I guess.
 (Laughter)
 Yeah, so I didn't know this, but writers basically had to make their own ink for centuries.
 You couldn't just go down to the ink shop and buy some ink.
 So there were all these recipes around, and the researchers from the University of Glasgow have analysed.
 It's really cool.
 They took original burns poems, and they lifted ink away in a way that didn't damage the original poems.
 Wow.
 Because obviously they're original manuscripts.
 That's amazing.
 I wonder how they do that.
 I don't know.
 I wish I did.
 Because you wouldn't want to accidentally lift off a whole word.
 No.
 (Laughter)
 And you forget what it is.
 (Laughter)
 And the really cool thing is they've found different recipes from different stages of his life.
 When he was a young and poor, he used a particular kind of iron gul ink, and then as he got richer, he used this thing called ivory black,
 which involved treacle, and lard, and acid, and vinegar, and ivory.
 And it's a way of telling the real poems from forgeries.
 Yeah, which is amazing, isn't it?
 They're starting to apply this now to all ancient manuscripts.
 Because if they see the recipe someone uses, and then someone else claims to have an original,
 and it turns out it's made from, I don't know, mull and butter and sausages.
 So he mull as in the animal.
 Yeah, the animal.
 No, mulls, human mulls.
 (Laughter)
 That's her in sausages.
 Yeah.
 Robert Burns used to have some really cool nicknames.
 He used to refer to himself as spunky.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 He used to call himself the rant and roven robin.
 That was one of his personal favourites apparently.
 But he never called himself rabbi or roby, which is what?
 What?
 Rabbi Burns or Robby Burns is what many people in the UK would associate as his nickname,
 that we've given him.
 Yeah, never called himself that.
 But he's calling himself these.
 He's already nicknames.
 Yeah, they're not really nicknames if you call them yourself.
 No one else is calling him spunky.
 I don't think that counts as a nickname.
 Yeah, that's more like an online avatar.
 (Laughter)
 Just Twitter handle at rant and roven robin.
 (Laughter)
 Oh, he would have been great on Twitter.
 Really funny, I think.
 Really, actually just for tweeting, really tedious things about making your own ink.
 Yeah, these recipes are really weird.
 So there are lots of recipes that used to exist.
 Oh, do you know about a gall ink?
 Ah, no.
 Asterix?
 A gall?
 Ah, sorry, G-A.
 A gall as in gall bladder, I guess.
 Yes.
 But not as in gall bladder.
 Gall wasps.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, so there are hundreds of species of wasps called gall wasps.
 And what they do is they land on an oak tree and they lay their eggs inside the leaf buds.
 And then that turns into this weird kind of tumor or lump on the tree.
 And the little grub grows inside and it's all protected from the outside.
 But those galls can be ground up and they're a massive ingredient for ink.
 And they work for hundreds and hundreds of years.
 There's only one kind of oak gall which makes the ink.
 And it's basically the most important wasp in history.
 And so all of, you know, Mozart, Darwin, Magna Carta, Bayo of all of that was written in oak gall ink.
 Wow.
 It was for centuries and centuries it was the ink to use.
 So you could say that these wasps are responsible for all those great works, can't you really?
 I think you can.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I mean, also the trees that you made the paper from and you know, the tables.
 It's a group effort.
 It's a laboratory.
 It's just logic is flawed.
 You know, well done wasps.
 Yeah.
 It's not going to be like a hidden figures movie.
 Sorry.
 I'm a recognized asset.
 So what do we make it out of these days?
 I don't actually know much about.
 I don't know actually.
 I think it involves carbon, but I haven't looked it up properly.
 Is it not made out of moles and sausages?
 A butter, I think.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I don't know.
 It's probably made out of some kind of synthetic resin stuff.
 Yeah.
 Let's go with that.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 Capitalism.
 Did you know that the Secret Service has an international ink library?
 No.
 And they keep more than 11,000 specimens of ink and it's for identifying mystery inks when they get,
 you know, like a poison pen battery or something like that.
 They've got ink stating all.
 So it was set up in a suit.
 What does that do for them?
 Or they can find out like when or where it was made and like tons of it.
 They're looking for the author of the bail wolf.
 Bring in the wasp.
 But yeah, they've got ink stating back always in 1920s.
 And it's pretty cool.
 So blood's used often in place of ink.
 I was just looking into different types of methods of...
 Where?
 Where?
 So did a sadam Hussein have a caran in his eye?
 Yeah.
 This is what I was going to say.
 No, no, but it's extraordinary.
 I've not heard of this.
 So Sadam Hussein post a assassination attempt on his son, became a devout Muslim.
 And so I read this in Atlas Obscura.
 He gave on his, after his 60th birthday, 27 liters of his own blood to a polygonal form.
 So he must have needed a big biscuit after that.
 So he gave it to this calligrapher who spent two years putting together a 600 page blood.
 Sadam Hussein blood-inked caran, which is now locked in a vault in a mosque in Baghdad.
 But it sits there.
 It's just bizarre.
 Yeah.
 I mean, there's much more blood than you would need to make a new Sadam Hussein there.
 You need more than blood to make a personan.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 No.
 I'm just saying if someone else finds other ingredients.
 I don't know.
 I've watched Jurassic Park and I'm pretty sure they only had some blood.
 That's very true, actually.
 But then the problem is that the dance was turned female.
 So at some point Sadam Hussein might turn into a girl and start reproducing on the island.
 Yeah.
 But I'll see.
 We're keeping him on.
 All right.
 I don't want to go to the theme park also in the film to be honest.
 I think it's a more sensible pitch than the New Jurassic World movie.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number three.
 And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that Sweden's highest point is now its second highest after the top of it melted.
 Oh no.
 Poor, poor highest point.
 Oh, good for the second highest point.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Finally, that bastard's got what's coming to it.
 So is the second highest one not covered in ice?
 So you're right.
 Exactly right.
 So they're basically the same part.
 They're the same mountain.
 But they're two different peaks on the same mountain.
 And the highest point in Sweden has a glacier on top of it.
 But due to the recent heat wave, the glacier has melted and now the second highest point is the highest.
 But in the winter they expect them to swap places again.
 Yeah.
 So it must be really confusing for any sort of textbooks that they're going to publish between now and winter.
 Because they don't know.
 They can't confirm that it's definitely going to get cold enough.
 The real victims.
 This is, I'll probably pronounce this wrong.
 But it's something like Kepp and the Kaiser mountain, which is in the north of Sweden.
 Oh man.
 So it's not a good news story in some ways.
 Well, I didn't put it forward as a good news story.
 No, no, no.
 No, you didn't.
 I think it's just a thing that happened.
 And I think it's interesting that a country can have two peaks that are the highest of different parts.
 Yeah.
 And there are even worse things about it actually.
 Because let's say you're Swedish or let's say you're any nationality, but you want to climb the highest point in Sweden.
 You've always been able to climb this kind of point, which is a north peak of Kepp and Kaiser.
 And now you need to climb the other one.
 And actually it's a much more difficult climb.
 So for a safety aspect, they think a lot more people might get injured or killed because they're trying to climb this really difficult peak.
 Whereas before they could do the relatively easy one.
 Can you wait until, I guess you can wait until winter.
 I know it's bad climbing mountains and winter, isn't it?
 It's easier in spring and summer.
 Yeah, although it's snowy at the top anyway of the old one.
 How much is it mounted by to make it a match of center?
 Because you could just take like a calippo up if you really want the other one to be able to just stick it in the snow.
 I don't think you're allowed to make your own highest point.
 Well, that did happen.
 That's that movie.
 I think we might have mentioned it before.
 The man who went up the hill and came down the mountain, which was a true story of the game.
 Wales, who they said that to be amounted, it had to be a certain height.
 So we added a little bit on top of it to make it higher.
 But I think he did that with grounds rather than calipos.
 I didn't actually, I thought that movie was going to be something sort of some tedious emotional journey.
 And that was a metaphor.
 I didn't realize that was literally the story.
 I think it might also be a tedious emotional journey.
 Yeah, it was.
 Okay, so get this.
 The lowest highest point.
 No, hang on, sorry.
 There we go.
 No, down it.
 The highest lowest point in the world in any country.
 Oh, okay.
 So is it, can I guess?
 Yeah.
 I think is it in Swaziland?
 Oh, you're so close.
 It's down there somewhere.
 It's the other one.
 Lesutu.
 It's the other small country within South Africa.
 It's Lesutu, the enclave country, which is completely surrounded by South Africa.
 Okay.
 What is it?
 Is it like a cave or is it supposed to be above ground?
 Yeah, it's just the lowest.
 So all of Lesutu is well over 1,000 metres above sea level.
 So the lowest point in Lesutu is 1,400 metres above sea level.
 And everything else is even higher than that.
 So in any countries that are entirely below that point.
 Oh, well, two value.
 Two value.
 Yeah, all of those places that are going to get two value in the Maldives.
 Yeah.
 So the lowest high point, as opposed to the highest low point.
 The lowest high point.
 Yeah.
 Is in the Maldives, which is 2.4 metres above sea level.
 Yeah.
 So Maldives, obviously, lots of islands.
 And 99% of the Maldives territory is open ocean.
 But there was this island called Villingale, which had an 8-foot rise on it,
 which was the highest point.
 However, in 2013, a golf course opened on that island,
 and it has a small mound on it, which was 16 feet above sea level.
 And the fifth hole teeing off point is the highest point now in the Maldives.
 Oh, good.
 And it's in a resort, and they do a daily tour.
 And all guests who complete the ascend get a certificate.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow.
 That's hilarious.
 That's be annoying, though, if you're playing golf and you've got a whole sort of expedition
 trying to mount a hole.
 There's a flag there.
 Someone's got here.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've got a Swedish Mountains fact.
 Oh, yeah.
 There is a massive bunker inside--
 Is this another golf fact?
 No.
 So there's a sort of massive underground bunker inside the Swedish mountains.
 And it was built as sort of government protection facility for, you know,
 nuclear events and stuff.
 And it's no longer used to that.
 And it was sold to a private data center, so they keep servers in there now.
 And one of the things that's kept inside of the servers is WikiLeaks.
 Huh?
 A sunch?
 Yeah, actually, yeah.
 The digital version of a sunch is kept in--
 It's kept in prison, in underground.
 And you look at pictures.
 It does actually look like an evil villain's layer.
 It's crazy.
 But it's inside a mountain.
 It's made of glass.
 Wow.
 It's cool.
 That's where WikiLeaks is, guys.
 It's inside a Swedish mountain.
 Wow.
 That is very cool.
 The highest point in the Netherlands is 4,000 miles from Amsterdam.
 What?
 Yeah.
 So there's the Caribbean Netherlands, which is a different hillies.
 Yeah, I think it was called the Dutch Antilles, and then recently they had a weird admin change.
 But there's an island called Saba, and it has a mount on it called Mount Scenery.
 It's about three or four times higher than anywhere in the Netherlands.
 That's true, actually.
 If the highest point of Britain, I think, if we count everything that we claim is in the Antarctic--
 Oh, that's good.
 --because we claim a little bit of the Antarctic, which has a massive mountain on it.
 Nice.
 And the highest point in Australia is not, what does it say--
 Cozy Oscar.
 Yeah, it's actually an island off the coast of Australia, which has got a massive peak on it.
 And the highest point in Spain is in the Canary Islands, Mount Tiede.
 So loads of countries, the highest point, isn't really in that country at all.
 Wow.
 Who owns the moon?
 I know.
 I'm singing the moon.
 What is the highest?
 With the highest--
 No one owns the moon.
 No, but there's the flag.
 That's not true.
 So I've got a certificate.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The highest point of Andy's house is actually on the moon.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I have a thing or two about the big heat wave that we've been going through.
 Oh, yeah.
 So this is quite tied in, your fact, to the fact that globally there's been a heat wave.
 And Ireland, very recently, through the heat wave and through the drought,
 has had exposed a sort of huge stone that says "ire."
 So E-I-R-E.
 Sorry, I always pronounce that error, but I don't know how to pronounce it.
 Yeah, would you say error?
 Don't look at me.
 Would you say it?
 I don't know.
 I'd say it is an error to say it.
 What?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I think it is error.
 Error, so I'll just say that.
 Yeah.
 So it's exposed.
 This giant stone error, E-I-R-E, and it's along the Irish coast.
 And what it was is during the Second World War, they built this to show the enemies that were flying over
 thinking that they were going to bomb, let's say, England.
 Don't bomb us.
 This is Ireland.
 This is neutral grounds.
 Wasn't it to differentiate Ireland from Northern Ireland?
 Oh, OK.
 Was it Northern Ireland?
 Well, I'm just guessing, but I would have thought that pilots wouldn't know whether they were over Ireland or--
 Why could be foggy, you know?
 If you were.
 Yeah.
 Second World War, they actually have.
 It's just assuming everyone in the war was an idiot.
 It sounds like someone who's used the excuse to fog for making some pretty egregious errors in your life.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I don't mean to be in her house.
 I don't know.
 I didn't know.
 I was 50 miles away.
 I was foggy.
 What could I say?
 Sorry, just to backtrack a tiny bit.
 There were huge fires as a result of this heat wave, and the fires knocked out all of the grass and the trees and so on, and it's exposed.
 This giant air, E-I-R-E, to mean Ireland.
 I've found it on the internet, so let's see how they pronounce it.
 Air or air?
 Brilliant.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Since that porn hub that you've not watched.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I have a fact about Sweden, which I definitely know how to pronounce.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So, in lots of Swedish mountains, there have been no worms since the ice age.
 They were all wiped out.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's true.
 Yeah, great.
 I mean, bad for the worms.
 It's bad for the worms, but they've got other places to live, so it's fine.
 And bad for the soil in the mountains?
 This is the thing.
 So, they change the vegetation, and they have very negative effects on particular trees.
 I think even effect deer at life cycles.
 I can't remember how.
 So, the thing is that they are definitely invasive, because world populations apparently are only capable of moving five to ten meters a year.
 So, for them to make their way all the way through northern Europe into the Swedish mountains, they wouldn't have done it for thousands of doubt.
 It's not much of an invasion.
 It's not life for Germans going into Russia, is it?
 No.
 So, this is how we know that they're invasive.
 And they're impossible to get rid of if they establish themselves.
 So, this could completely change the European landscape over the next few hundred years.
 Yeah.
 Do you know that, due to the heat wave, bears in Dundee in the zoo.
 I've got an 80 kilo ice lolly to keep them cool.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow.
 What's it made of?
 Ice.
 Oh, nice.
 And fruit.
 Oh, lovely.
 That's very nice.
 That does sound good.
 It sounds like one of those decoy healthy lollies.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, like when the ice cream man used to come, and we weren't allowed to go,
 and my mom would instead freeze some orange juice to have that healthy thing.
 Yeah.
 Would she then cut the carton open, as in, how would you get at the orange juice?
 Did you pour it into a glass?
 You do it in ice cube trays, right?
 No. So, we had special ice lolly trays that like ice cube trays,
 but shaped like ice lollies.
 I remember those. So, you pour the, yeah, into the moulds.
 Yeah. That is a better method.
 And it was freezing the ice cube.
 The orange could just cast a bit.
 And then hacking it open.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Entire liter of ice orange juice.
 What you do is you jab a pool cue into the orange juice cast and freeze that.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And did the bears get, like, get it on sticks?
 Or, I saw a photo of it, I think.
 And I think it was hanging on a chain.
 Wow.
 And they could climb on it.
 I believe it.
 I believe it.
 Yeah.
 On a nice lolly.
 Imagine a magnum.
 A big magnum swinging from a chain and then you can just climb it on it.
 Very grippable.
 A nice lolly. It's a solid block of ice.
 I think I've just discovered my fetish.
 I would love to see that Miley Cyrus video where she's swinging down the magnum.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And the highest temperature ever recorded in Scotland.
 Was it here?
 This year.
 But it was declared invalid because the thermometer was next to a vehicle with its engine running.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And the coldest temperature ever outside of Antarctica was measured in Siberia.
 But no one knows if that's right because the thermometer broke due to the cold.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 That is my fact.
 My fact this week is that when financier William C. Rollston modestly refused to allow a town to be named after him,
 the town instead called itself Modesto.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Modesto or Modesto?
 Modesto.
 Modesto.
 Modesto.
 I will check on the internet.
 Yeah.
 Modesto.
 Modesto.
 Modesto.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Absolutely nailed it.
 Really awful.
 Yeah.
 Modesto.
 It sounds like a very demure magician.
 It does.
 The great Modesto.
 Well, I would say great.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That would be good.
 But yeah, so this fact was sent to me by @Shutter_Butter on Twitter.
 It's an amazing fact.
 So thank you, Shutter_Butter.
 And so Modesto is in California.
 It is a town that has had a bit of fame via the fact that it's the birthplace of George Lucas.
 And back in the day, he made a very famous movie called American Graffiti.
 It was a...
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was a massive movie at the time.
 I was pre-star wars.
 It sounds like that's what I was going to say.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But I think what you're going to say is that might have been based on this.
 It was.
 The American Graffiti took place in Modesto.
 It was filmed elsewhere, but that's where it took place.
 Interestingly, George Lucas is so modest.
 He only introduces himself as the director of American Graffiti.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Jeremy Renner, the actor.
 Yeah.
 From Modesto, he was born there as well.
 This is a significant town.
 It is.
 And can I just quickly slip in my favorite Jeremy Renner fact from the year?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just he was like, "God, he was born there.
 I've been dying to get this fact out."
 He's starring in the new movie Tag.
 Oh, right.
 So in Tag, it's only most of Jeremy Renner that appears in the movie.
 His arms don't appear in the movie.
 And the reason is he broke them just as they were filming.
 And so they were in casts.
 And so they had to CGI in his arms.
 Yeah, so when you watch the movie Tag, which is predominantly about, I think,
 using your arms.
 Using your own tag.
 Yeah, they're not his arms.
 They're CGI arms.
 You're saying he was running around with two broken arms in casts?
 Yeah, he was in cast.
 Does that mean technically he's still it?
 Because he has a tag.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's also a really confusing conversation tabloid.
 We're going to recast his arms because he's been broken.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Get the casting director in here.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Very good.
 It's one of this town's naming thing.
 Yeah.
 It's a huge trope of how towns get their name.
 So there's a town in Tennessee, which is called Difficult.
 And it all happens when they write to the post office saying, can we have this particular name?
 And supposedly when they applied for the name, which was a really complicated name,
 they wanted to name the town.
 The US Postal Service replied, your name is Difficult.
 And the people in the town thought, oh, they've just renamed our town Difficult.
 I never believe any of these stories.
 There's one in California called "Likely."
 And the legend is always that all the residents got together to sign the name for their new town.
 Because there's some reason they were all living there in a town with no name.
 And then they were like, oh, we're never going to grow in a name.
 And a guy went, yeah, likely.
 And then they were like, great name.
 And the same happened for town you bet.
 Apparently there's a guy who went, oh, you bet.
 And that's why the town called you bet.
 Diculous.
 I mean, all of this stuff is on the internet.
 And then you get more original stories.
 Yeah.
 Ding dong Texas.
 Do you know that?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Ding dong Texas.
 We did somebody ring the bell just as they were.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, it was named after for Governor Peter Bell.
 And the businessman, Zulis Bell, and his nephew, Bert.
 But Zulis and Bert were not in any way related to Peter.
 So yeah, it was called Ding dong as a reference.
 And weirdly, it's in Central Texas' Bell County.
 Oh, that's good.
 Oh, that's good.
 I thought it might have been named after Leslie Phillips.
 Oh, yeah.
 Ding dong.
 Yeah.
 Blast the purse.
 And there's only one place in Earth that I've found,
 which is called Earth.
 OK.
 It's in Texas.
 That's good.
 And there are various reasons as to why, as always,
 somebody suggested it because they have a lot of Earth there.
 But there's a really good article about it online,
 which points out there are at least two other places in America
 named after every single other planet.
 There's Venus and Mercury and Jupiter.
 There are Saturn's guess which planet.
 There are not two places named after.
 Mercury.
 It's Uranus.
 There is one place, but it's more of a tourist attraction than the town.
 It's a little tourist attraction, which contains the Uranus Brewing Company,
 Combat Uranus.
 There's a guy who calls himself the Mayor of Uranus.
 They sell Fudge, which has a label on it saying Uranus Fudge.
 That's great.
 There's a place called Nitro, which is named after the Explosive Powder,
 which was made there in the First World War.
 That's so cool.
 That seems like a proper etymology.
 There's a place in Russia called Asbestos,
 where a friend of mine was born.
 Wow.
 And it's where they make all the Asbestos and send it to America.
 Very cool.
 I don't know how well this is known in Britain,
 but in the UK, there was a place that had its name changed.
 Stains.
 Well, there's still a place called Stains.
 Well, technically not just Stains.
 It's now called Stains upon Thames.
 It's not much better, is it?
 I remember this.
 I remember when they tried to do this.
 Yeah.
 So the reason that they did this is because
 AlleyG internationally had given Stains.
 The Stains massive.
 Exactly.
 Such a bad name that they were always associated.
 I remember watching AlleyG in Australia
 and thinking, oh, Stains must be...
 I could see there was laughter,
 but you just associated it sort of as this place where...
 Stains is quite nice.
 Yes.
 That's the guy.
 That's the guy.
 Yeah.
 So they wanted to change it, but they didn't really change it.
 They just added an extra belt on the end.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So on the 15th of December, 2011,
 the Spellthorn borough council resolved by 25 votes to four
 to change the name of the town to Stains upon Thames
 to try and boost the local economy
 by promoting its Riverside location.
 I'm quoting directly from the Wikipedia article
 that I found this on.
 I wonder if there's a calculation for how much adding upon Thames
 adds to a town's net worth as it were.
 As in, Richmond upon Thames is quite sort of...
 Yeah.
 Or upon any river.
 I do sort of like Stains with waitros,
 and that would probably help because...
 Yes, Stains upon the waitros.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And...
 My uncle, when he was a counsellor in Bolton,
 tried to change the name of Bolton to Bolton Lemours.
 Did you think?
 Yeah, because there are lots of other places called Bolton in the world
 and he thought it would distinguish our town from the other ones
 and also we're on the Moors as in...
 That's where all the fires were from.
 Funny he was trying to bolt home an extra bit to the name.
 Very good.
 Was he successful?
 No, it's still called Bolton.
 Surely Bolton is the most famous Bolton...
 I don't mean any disrespect to other Bolton's in the world,
 but...
 I am Michael.
 Famously people are always getting confused with the town.
 And Mr. Eggton mailed from the entire town
 to his house every day.
 There's a city...
 Topeka?
 Topeka, so it's in Kansas.
 And it's the capital of the state.
 It's no one...
 It's no slouch.
 It's no slouch.
 It's no slouch.
 But it changed its name to Google for a month.
 Did it?
 Legally and officially...
 It's a peek at it.
 Yeah.
 And it was to win a Google high speed internet project
 which would have given everyone internet 100 times faster than the national average.
 At the time.
 No one would ever be able to search for them online.
 They would break the internet if you Google Google.
 Well, it didn't work.
 The Google went with Kansas City, Kansas instead.
 But the mayor, he said, he didn't really mind not winning.
 And he said, I've often wondered what difference does it make.
 If it takes you 10 seconds or one second to access information,
 my life goes a little slower than that.
 Oh.
 Yeah, it's a very laid back guy.
 But there's not the first time they've changed the name.
 In 1998, Topeka changed its name.
 And one of you will really like this fact.
 They've changed it to...
 Topeka Chu.
 He's a Pokemon arrived in the USA.
 Yeah.
 On Modesto.
 Yeah.
 It's the second unhappiest city in the United States of America.
 What?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 The city's motto is water wealth contentment health.
 And that was selected in a contest in 1911,
 where the winner won three dollars as a prize.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 And just to say, Ralston wasn't just this local banker.
 All the men who the town was not named after.
 Exactly.
 Ralston was...
 He was one of the most rich people in California, actually.
 And he founded the Bank of California.
 So he was a very important guy in his day.
 Well, he didn't like to talk about it.
 I really had to dig deep to find that.
 There's a town in California called Secret Town.
 Is that...
 And why is it called that, do we know?
 I can't tell you that.
 I genuinely know nothing about it.
 There's nothing in the Wikipedia page.
 That's too long we can feed the page off.
 That's it.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 James.
 At James Harkin.
 And Alex.
 At Alex Bell.
 That's right.
 And you can also go to our group account.
 And you can go to our Facebook page.
 No such thing as a fish or a website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from our previous episodes
 to links to our upcoming live shows, to our books.
 We've got a new book coming out, which you can probably pre-order at this point.
 We also have our great documentary series that we put up on iTunes called Behind the Gills.
 It's on a few other platforms.
 There'll be a link there.
 Follows us around on our last tour of the UK.
 You should get it in America, can't you?
 Yeah, it's in America now as well, which is very exciting.
 If you're in Modesto, you can probably download it.
 No.
 We'll be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
