 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, where we were
 joined by the history guy himself, Mr Dan Snow. If you are a person in the UK who likes
 to watch history documentaries, you will know all about Dan. If you are a podcast fan, you
 may well know his podcast, History Hit, which is an absolutely brilliant history podcast
 that both myself and Anna and Dan have recently appeared on. So do look for his podcast and
 listen to our episodes and indeed all of the episodes of that brilliant show. Actually,
 while you're on the podcast app of your choice, why not find mine and Anna's new podcast.
 It's called Quite a Good Sport and I'll tell you some more about that in a minute because
 I should also say we're going on tour. The tour which we booked so many months ago and
 felt like it was so far in the future is just around the corner. Ah, if you live in Edinburgh,
 that will be our first date and we'll be playing there on the 14th of August 2024. You can
 see a live podcast recording including all the bits that I normally cut out because we
 can't possibly broadcast them. It will all be there in Edinburgh. I really hope you
 can make it. We love doing these shows and we love meeting everyone afterwards. If you
 live in Bristol, Dublin, Glasgow, Newcastle, Cardiff, London or Manchester or the environs
 of those cities, then do go to no6thingsforfish.com/live and find out how to get tickets for the shows
 that are near you. Anyway, just quickly back to that new podcast of mine and Anna's. What
 I think I'll do rather than explaining what happens, I'm going to put a little teaser
 at the end of this week's episode. So once the show's finished, if you listen on for
 another minute or so, you'll get a really good idea of the show. It's basically me
 and Anna speaking to Olympians and then trying out the sport ourselves. So in the latest
 episode, we speak to a couple of TGB's rowers and then we get on the terms and see which
 of her and I is the best at rowing. I really think you'll enjoy it. It would mean the world
 to us if you could click follow on your podcast app of choice. It would mean even more if
 you could find the time to listen and it would mean more still if you actually managed to
 give us a review. Anyway, stay tuned for the little teaser of quite a good sport. Go to
 no6thingsforfish.com/live for details of our tour and sit back, relax and enjoy our latest
 episode with the history guy, Dan Snow. On with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hoburn. My name is Dan Shriver and I'm sitting here with
 Anna Tyshinski, James Harkin and Dan Snow. And once again, we have gathered around the
 microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go. Starting with fact number one, that is Dan. When Captain Scott, the infamous
 British expedition leader, got to the South Pole, he saw in the distance little flag fluttering
 in his heart sank and then he saw a tent and inside that tent, there was a letter and that
 letter was addressed very neatly to King Harkon of Norway. It was a letter from an explorer,
 Rold Amundsen, who'd arrived at the South Pole a month before Scott, breaking the records,
 the first human being to reach South Pole and he'd left a little tent and a letter saying,
 "Hey Scott, would you mind posting this to the King just to tell him I got here?" I mean,
 a shade throne. That's great. It's a great prank, except it's one of those pranks that
 have gone wrong because he would have been back at home and they went, "You know he died."
 He's going, "Oh my God, someone, don't find the letter. Don't find my cheeky prank."
 You're so right. I read one theory, right, that the reason
 that he put the letter there is to prove that he got there because let's say he gets down
 there and he writes the letter and says, "I got to the South Pole" and then he gives
 it to the King while it's just his word against anyone else's. But if he puts a letter there
 and Scott picks it up and takes it back, then that's evidence because it's another person
 who's seen where this letter got to.
 You're right. Yeah, you've got to leave something.
 I don't know. I think that's his excuse when he gets to down fly, but, you know, Scott's
 dead now in news.
 No, there's already a serious context. I just love the fact. There's those pictures
 of it. And it's just a… The Antarctic environment is a featureless, white, icy football field.
 And so they could have taken that picture anywhere. I say, "You're right. I guess
 you are right. You've got to leave something there." And also, Scott literally slept there
 and then went and started off the next day. It is the most extraordinary box-ticking exercise.
 You know what? I did that when I went to Bangladesh because I tried to go to as many countries
 as I can. And I stopped over in Bangladesh, slept there one night and then left, but I
 counted as going there.
 The airport hotel?
 Yeah.
 I'm not sure that counts.
 Yeah, of course it does.
 It's kind of like touring, isn't it? I watched a Celine Dion documentary recently.
 She says exactly that. She says, "I've been around the world. I've been everywhere
 in the world, but I've never seen anywhere." Because she was in and out.
 Yeah, it was very…
 She is the cat to the Scott of the Pop World.
 She is, right?
 Yeah.
 I really thought you were going to say, "I watched a Celine Dion documentary and I
 was able to tick off my 100 Celine Dion documentary."
 I only watched the second.
 Yeah, it still counts.
 The other thing, we in Britain talk about Scott a lot, obviously, and we ignore Amundsen,
 by the way, who didn't just get to the South Pole first. He's an absolute legend.
 He was the first man through the Northwest Passage and the first person to get to the
 North Pole as well, albeit in an airship.
 Absolutely.
 Does that count? That's the thing. Because, yeah, it was the 1920s, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 He decided to fly over the North Pole. Do we count that?
 I think it counts.
 Okay.
 Well, I think it counts. If I'd been to Bangladesh, then I think that counts.
 Oh.
 But also, didn't he… he was going to walk to the North Pole and then he got news that
 Peary had allegedly done the same. And then that was when he decided to go to the South
 Pole, is that right?
 I think so. There was a failed expression to get to the North Pole for sure. I'm not
 sure why he turned around.
 That's a hell of a turnaround in terms of the distance.
 Yeah.
 Well, I believe that's the case. And I believe all of the people who were on the ship thought
 they were going to the North Pole.
 Really?
 And then they started going down, down, down. And they stopped off at Funchal, which is in…
 Where is that?
 Portugal, I think?
 Yeah, one of the islands off Portugal.
 Yeah.
 And they kind of then said to the crew, they said, "Okay, by the way, we're not going
 to the North Pole. After all, we're going to the South Pole."
 And it is a dick move, much like the letter. And yeah, he was a legend. I like him, but
 he was a cheeky legend. I mean, he really did do that because he'd been told to go
 to the North Pole, but he just wanted to be the first somewhere.
 Oh, yeah.
 So, as James says, thought someone else had got there and turned around his boat just
 to beat Scott. And the thing was, and again, this could be, Lady Duff protest too much after
 the event, but Scott insisted he was never racing.
 Oh, I know. Brilliant, isn't it? It's so good.
 He was there for a scientific expedition.
 He wrote in a letter, "Oh, God, I've heard Amundsen is trying to get there before me.
 That's fine. He probably will. You know, he's got dogs. I've got horses. He'll go
 faster. I'm not interested in that."
 Cut a picture of Scott trampling the weak, hurdling the dead, flogging his men ever further
 south. I read a history once of Amundsen. It said, "The trip to the South Pole was smooth
 and uneventful."
 I was like, "Oh, wow. Don't bother reading off."
 And when they got back, they'd put on weight. British expeditions anywhere, be it desert,
 rainforest, arctic, high latitude. The lads arrived back, shadowed them for the cells.
 They got eaten each other, broken. These Norwegians get back. Many of their dogs are still alive.
 And they're just like, "All right, lads, here we are. We're actually ahead of schedule
 as well."
 I mean, it's too cruel.
 But I think the thing of saying, "Does it count?" because it was done by Plaint. That's
 a thing that Amundsen had his whole life after that trip, right? People didn't accept, particularly
 the British.
 Yeah, it was like, "You didn't do this. You had skis. You did it the improper way."
 When he got back, he was at a dinner at the Royal Geographical Society. This is in 1912.
 And the president, Lord Curzon, offered a toast, but not to him, but to the dog team.
 Because he was like, "They're the ones who got there."
 And also, he did eat a few of his dogs, didn't he?
 Yeah, right.
 So, I think that's, you know...
 Yeah.
 If I'm going to die, that's fine. I'm eating my dogs first.
 Oh, yeah. Anna, I'd eat you.
 Like, it's like... Okay, that escalated quickly.
 Dan, why did you come back a lot heavier than when you left? And with none of your friends?
 You've only been to Exeter.
 Yeah, one-man podcast from now on, no such thing as a fish.
 The dogs, to be fair, were mobile food storage units. I mean, they were meant to be eaten
 and then fed to each other, and then fed to the humans.
 Literally, dog eat dog.
 Wow.
 I think that trip, it also, as well as being an eventful, just sounded quite fun. Like,
 they were just reading about it. They did things like, "Guess the temperature contests."
 Well, this is not the track to the poll, is it? This is when they were overwintering.
 So, I think a lot of people don't focus on that bit. And when they were overwintering,
 they're in a hut. There were lots more of them, not just the guys who then tracked to
 the poll. And they had plenty of supplies, and it does sound super fun. You know, they
 had hot toddies, cigars, lots of music. They played this fun "Guess the temperature" game.
 They had lots of puzzles they played.
 Yeah.
 Scott and they overwintering fell out massively with Evans, who was his second in command.
 They decided they absolutely despised each other, and that could be the reason that they
 didn't make it to the poll.
 Oh, really?
 Oh.
 Back from the poll the following year because of the kind of terrible divisions within the
 world.
 Really?
 Right.
 Do we know why?
 Well, it's that word, because I think spending a long time in a hut, I mean, you three spend
 a lot of time together, and you all seem to be on fine. But, you know, add an Antarctic
 winter, no daylights. You know, you might fall out with each other as well. And so, I think
 it would break any team apart, but those two just were just incompatible.
 And the diarising.
 A lot of diarising.
 Because you would look at Scott going, "What are you writing?"
 Stop it!
 "What are you writing?"
 That's what, whenever Andy's on his laptop, you're always like that to me, aren't you?
 "What are you writing?"
 "What are you writing?"
 "I'll eat you."
 Are you bitching about me? Are you bitching about me in there?
 I can't help it. Anyone who has a diary that I've ever met, I hate it.
 Really?
 Do you think they're writing about you?
 Yeah.
 I get paranoid.
 You are not the main character.
 You wish they're writing about you. Had some sushi, went home, didn't do much else.
 That's what's pissing me off, but I'm not being ridden about.
 Didn't see Dan today, that was a shame. Hopefully tomorrow.
 But yeah, it's why they, it's why whenever they send people to space or on these long
 expeditions, they often look for the most boring characters possible. Who don't want
 to talk, who have zero, like, anger temperaments. They're just, like, Tim Peake is such a pleasant
 man. We met Tim Peake.
 Yeah, pleasant, not boring. I noticed you switched.
 I think Dan Schleiber, is that the application for the European Space Agency? I see lying
 in the bin there with a rejected stamp on it. Apparently they're saying it's super
 boring, guys.
 It's interesting.
 Oh, my God.
 Well, Anton was not boring at all. Obviously, he was a character.
 Yeah.
 He, in fact, I think he started his journey to the Northwest Passage at midnight because
 he had to escape gambling debts.
 I think.
 Really?
 He sailed the boat off because the, the people that he owed were threatening to, like, impound
 his boat.
 But it is funny this, we talked about this heroic age of exploration. I mean, so many
 of them were absolute clowns in chat. I mean, Shackleton is astonishing in a crisis, but
 also he needs to be because he was prone to get in crises the whole time.
 Right.
 He bespeared absolute legend when everything goes wrong because you're going to make everything
 go wrong.
 So he, I mean, he would leave with sort of creditors running on the key side, roaring
 at him and sort of also cuckolded husbands shaking their fists. I mean, it's complete
 chaos.
 Wow.
 But he, but he was good leading guys on the ice, you know, that, I guess, they're different
 skills.
 And he was the next person to try, wasn't he, after Scott Adams?
 So brilliantly. So he went, he had a nervous breakdown and then went, you know what, she
 was never about going to South Pole.
 It's actually the greatest prize is crossing the continent from one side to the other via
 the South Pole.
 So he managed to flog this to a bunch of old, old heiresses, widowed heiresses who then
 gave him money for his famous expedition to the Trans-Antarctic expedition, which did
 not set foot on the mainland, but led to his eternal heroism because in getting them out
 of the mess he'd got them into, he obviously, you know, won great claim and was brilliant.
 But yeah.
 So that was his big scheme was, oh, you know, it's not about South Pole.
 But what I find kind of interesting is Scott and Amundsen got there, you think, right?
 So and then Shackleton sort of said he was going to do his thing, but actually no one
 else really bothered.
 Yeah, it took a while.
 They took a while.
 They were like, well, someone's done it now.
 Well, in a way, why would you?
 Yeah.
 In fact, wasn't the next person to get there, or was it the North Pole, Edmund Hillary went
 to one of them.
 Hillary was the next person to walk to the South Pole.
 He was the next South Pole, wasn't he?
 Yeah, there was a guy called George Dufek who flew there and this was in 1956 and he,
 they interviewed him on the ice.
 So they actually had a video camera there, apart from they didn't have any of the images
 because the film froze solid.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, really?
 So they took it home, tried to develop it, actually it was frozen.
 So they got no images.
 Oh, that's not going to be a great episode for you guys.
 Pictures that we know were taken and then didn't make it.
 Yeah.
 That got ruined.
 Like the famous D-Day shots and I'm like, like the ones that we have are just a fragment
 of the ones that he took that day.
 Yeah.
 And the British beach shots were destroyed on the way back as well.
 That would be great, wouldn't it?
 Yeah.
 And the photos that are sort of currently sitting held on ice.
 So Mallory, Mallory and Irvin.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, that camera.
 Yeah, that camera is still missing.
 Kodak have said that they still think because of the cold conditions that they would be
 able to develop the film.
 Should we ever find a camera?
 Yeah.
 But I've had some photos sent to Kodak where I was just facing slightly towards the sun
 and they couldn't develop those.
 Yeah, yeah, that's true.
 Yeah.
 One, one more point about Scott is that Scott also is technically in that territory of the
 Mallory and Amundsen and Mealy Earhart because we don't know where he is, but we roughly
 know where he might be because he was left in the tent.
 They pack the tent over with snow and they say it will be something like 20 feet below
 the surface now with the amount of snow that's on top of it.
 So we don't know where he is, but there's an estimate that within the next couple of
 centuries, the bit that he's in might snap off from the side and float down to the sea.
 So one of his wishes would have been as a captain, his burial at sea.
 And so in 200 years, he might get his wish, which is a little nice.
 That's nice.
 And that's how different we are.
 I thought immediately as an archaeologist, finally we can get a hold of him, have a good
 old look at him.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, you're just like, "Oh, it'd be so nice to bury it at sea," and I'm like, "Let's
 get in there."
 That lasts.
 Let's get investigated.
 I only have one thing on letters now.
 This original thought was about sort of letters, really throwing some shade.
 And I found something I didn't know about Winston Churchill.
 This letter he wrote when he was imprisoned in the Bull War, so 1899, and he's been taken
 as a prisoner for, he was only 25 years old, and him and two much older guys in the prison
 decided they were going to escape.
 They hatched this really elaborate plan, and they didn't really want Churchill with them
 because he was a bit famous, he was a massive loudmouth, and he was quite overweight and
 not very fit.
 He couldn't speak Dutch or Afrikaans or Zulu, and they could.
 Got it.
 Anyway, Churchill was like, "I'm going to tag along," and then he just went off on
 his own and did it on a night that they didn't want to escape, jumped over the prison walls,
 had no plan, no maps, couldn't speak any languages, somehow stumbled into another British guy who
 rescued him, a classic Churchill always falling into a lap of luck.
 But the letter he left behind in the prison was so good, he left a letter of apology on
 his bed to Louis de Souza, who was the Boer Secretary for War, and it just said, "I have
 the honour to inform you that as I do not consider that your government have any right
 to detain me as a military prisoner, I have decided to escape from your custody."
 Wow.
 "Regressing I am unable to bid you a more ceremonious or personal farewell, I have
 the honour to be your most obedient servant, Winston Churchill."
 Wow.
 That's great.
 Yes, I always include a little bit about Dan Shriver in my letters, and didn't meet
 him today, but I'm sure I will tomorrow.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that Eleanor of Aquitaine gave us fireplaces.
 Nice.
 Did she?
 Well, this is my claim, and I'm going to stand by it.
 So, oh, I didn't realise how late it was that we really started building fireplaces, chimneys
 into our homes, but it was certainly after the Norman invasion in Britain.
 And anyway, Eleanor of Aquitaine is around in the 12th century, and she marries Louis
 the 7th in 1137, and that meant she had to move from the south of France, which is nice
 and hot to Paris, the Île de la Cité, where she had a castle, and it was all cold and
 bare, so she refurbished, and really stripped everything down, redid it, loads of colourful
 tapestries on the wall, widened the slits, I guess I've got arrow slits.
 She's like, "What's the point of these arrow slits?
 I'm going to turn them into big old windows."
 Made it nice and homey, and she was really cold, so she had the masons build in fireplaces,
 and there doesn't seem to be, as far as I can tell, evidence of places really having
 these built-in fireplaces, like a proper hearth, as we know today.
 So, people would always have a fire in the middle of a hut with a hole in the roof, or
 not, or might build a chimney outside a house.
 But look, it's spurious.
 And then she married Henry II of England, and brought them over here.
 Is that what we're saying?
 And then, I know that she did extensive refurbishments on all the places that she lived over here
 as well, the palaces, so, I mean, she must have.
 OK, well, we have a historian on the show.
 Well, if only fireplaces were my speciality, however, I have been to the White Tower, the
 great, most magnificent donjons in Europe, at the centre of the Tower of London, and there
 are fireplaces in the Tower of London, in the White Tower.
 And that was built in the 11th century, almost 100 years before her.
 Now, they could...
 Were they domestic fireplaces?
 Oh, I see.
 It's domestic fireplaces.
 Why not say that in my original?
 Changing the rules here.
 It's not in race, everyone.
 They are.
 Yes.
 This night, I think Ella Rackertrain is one of the most exciting and magical figures
 in our history, and she deserves to be on this podcast.
 I'm just not sure she deserves to be on.
 She's in five places.
 This is it.
 This is the only reason we're talking about her.
 I refuse to stray from her connection to five places.
 She was, I will allow us to stray into just her being a big interior designer, if you
 want to broaden the element of that same chat, because she did, she revamped so much that
 I think her mother-in-law refused to live with her, which is kind of sad, but I really
 liked the idea of her moving in with the king, who she thought was really monkish.
 This is her first marriage.
 Oh, he was a muppet.
 Yeah.
 I think that those were the words, weren't they, because that's the translation.
 Then the mother-in-law just thought, "This woman is taking over, making it all gaudy."
 She moved in really good musicians, feels like she really created an interesting, intelligent
 culture in this palace, which she then brought to Britain.
 She certainly did.
 I love the story about her.
 She went on crusade with the said monkish husband.
 You know, they always say, my grandma used to say, "Go traveling with your girlfriend
 before you marry someone."
 You really see them for who they are, when you're traveling, when you have a bit of
 doing kind of annoying admin, you got stuck with logistics, you get a bit of tummy problems,
 and you know if this is the one.
 Spending one night in an airport hotel just so you could take off a country.
 Indeed.
 I do.
 Murdering some non-Christians.
 Well, yes.
 Well, no, in the case of her, of course, he was insufficiently forward in murdering non-Christians,
 because she thought he was wet, she thought he was a bit useless.
 They go away on crusade.
 It's the ultimate sort of travel, get to know your partner, travel to adventure, and just
 comes back and she just goes, "I'm dumping you.
 You are a spectacular useless human being."
 And they get it all annulled in the way that aristocrats managed to do.
 It took a while, didn't it?
 They kept asking the Pope, they kept telling them to keep shocking each other and try to
 make an air, I think.
 And that did not work.
 The Pope supposedly made them a special bed to sleep in to make them more likely to have
 sex with each other.
 No way.
 Apparently.
 What's a bed that makes you more likely to have sex with someone?
 You know, they're a fireplace, presumably.
 Yeah?
 Yeah.
 It's nice.
 But it didn't work because the year she got divorced from him, she married the very hunky
 young Duke of Normandy, Henry, who then became Henry II of England.
 And so she...
 And everyone goes, "Henry, the second is a great empire."
 And I always think it's odd that we don't call it, perhaps it's not odd, given me.
 Yeah.
 It's too short for such a name, but that actually is kind of her empire in a way.
 She's the one who brings all these massive French possessions.
 So basically she and Henry end up owning more of France than the King of France.
 And then her absolutely useless sons just spunk the whole lot of it.
 But only after she dies.
 Basically, if you look at the history of that empire, it essentially lasts for the course
 of her life.
 Right.
 And then her...
 The most useless son in English history, which is up against their composition, John.
 You don't like John?
 Oh, okay.
 I don't...
 You don't like John?
 Sorry.
 I'm fond...
 I'm fond of John.
 What are we talking about?
 He gets a bad rep, doesn't he, Anna?
 He's got...
 My God.
 Elevator was an extraordinary mother, wasn't she?
 Elevator on the broadcast.
 I've always wanted to meet one.
 Here we are, friends.
 So...
 What's like John of England?
 Is of England necessary?
 He's not from anywhere else.
 He doesn't have any other nickname.
 It's not John that...
 Oh, he does have other names.
 Oh, yes.
 And you know what they are because you're grimacing.
 The other nicknames are Lackland and Softsword.
 Yeah.
 Which basically all that means is poor guy didn't inherit any land and Softsword didn't
 really want to be too fighty.
 Does it not mean impotent?
 Oh.
 Like all of this sort of seemed to say Softsword genuinely is about his military power.
 Really?
 He lost the empire.
 He only inherited the throne by possibly starving his nephew to death.
 He controlled an empire that stretched through much of what is now France, Ireland and England.
 And by the time he died, his empire was the East Midlands.
 That's a nice part of England.
 That's part of the world.
 Don't get me wrong.
 That's part of the world.
 Lucky, I would be very happy to have an empire there.
 Just before he died, when he contracted dysentery, he lost the crown jewels while crossing the
 wash two set aforementioned East Midlands.
 So he lost the crown jewels, arrived in the East Midlands and died.
 Yeah.
 And then his, luckily for that benighted family, his dysentery saved the dynasty because his
 son, they stuck his son on the throne because he was so young and they worked out they
 could just manipulate him.
 That's a nice multiple, isn't it?
 Dysentery saved the dynasty.
 Yeah.
 The reason I like King John is because we don't mind about owning empires.
 What we mind is about being good to your mum and I think a lot of us don't know they got
 on well.
 They did.
 And also well done him because her favourite was famously Richard the Lionheart who everyone
 loves and Richard the Lionheart dies and she becomes very fond of John.
 And actually I think the only time that he really showed true courage and desire to defeat
 the opposition is when she was abducted by her grandson, I believe when she was about
 80.
 And that was when John was like, no way, you're not abducting my mum.
 And he probably went and defeated him and rescued her because was Richard the Lionheart that
 good?
 Yeah.
 I think he was less good than his statue outside the House of Lords deserves.
 I mean, he didn't show any interest in England.
 He just was off on Crusades and then he got captured to his cave where they kept him.
 Yeah.
 It's in, it's, it's a 20 minute drive from where my family grew up in Austria.
 Am I right in saying that?
 Or did they?
 That sounds right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was down there.
 And they asked for 150,000 silver marks, which was at the time, three times the annual income
 of England.
 And today that would probably be in the trillion.
 It's about 1.5 trillion something like that, maybe around 2 trillion pounds that they asked.
 So how do you get that money?
 She basically just had to tax the hell out of the entire country, Eleanor of Aquitaine.
 Right.
 So he's a good mother, bad leader maybe.
 Good mother.
 Yeah.
 There's a great quote about King John.
 He was a very bad man, more cruel than all the others.
 He lost after beautiful women and because of this, he shamed the high men of the land
 for which reason he was greatly hated.
 Whenever he could, he told lies rather than the truth.
 Yeah.
 But who wrote this?
 This wasn't his mate who wrote this, was it?
 It was, it was possibly not his.
 And snow.
 It is.
 I will, I will agree.
 I will admit it.
 It's an anonymous chronicle.
 Anonymous of betune.
 I didn't realise how fun bitching about historical figures is.
 I'm having so much fun.
 Well, welcome to my world.
 A costume about dead people, so we do for you.
 Well, what do you think then of her second husband?
 Because that, he was more fiery, wasn't he?
 It was like she went from the monk to the player.
 Spunk.
 Spunk.
 Spunk, that's better.
 Henry II, sort of, almost the great king of English history.
 He had a young, his uncle Henry unimaginatively and he rebelled against him, Richard rebelled
 against him.
 So he was very bad at managing his sons.
 Well, but they rebelled because Eleanor was very good at managing her sons, right?
 So Eleanor sort of persuaded all her sons to rebel against him.
 I'm basically in a grump, a sort of 700 year or 800 year-long grump because if he'd managed
 to cement that empire, can you imagine what a great country this has been stretching from
 the Pyrenees to Carlisle?
 Do you think Mbappe could have played for England?
 Exactly.
 Oh my God.
 Right.
 It'd just been glorious and, you know, that's why I often, you know, it's like Henry V didn't
 wash his goddamn hands, got this entry and died, you know?
 I mean, it's like, sort it out, Harry, England, twat.
 Wow.
 Born in the water before, we're drinking it, you muppet guy.
 But Harry, for England, that's what.
 But also that reminds, yeah, that reminds, and then that reminds me of the last chance,
 the last best chance we had of this glorious Anglo-French nation, which is the most extraordinary
 thing when Winston Churchill offered a full union of Britain, UK and France.
 In 1940, when the Germans were overrunning France, desperate to keep their more, particularly
 their navy and their colonies in the war, Churchill goes, which is always brilliant when the brakes
 it had bangers on too much out, he goes, Britain and France, full union, bang, one insoluble
 country, let's do it.
 Let's do it.
 And the French said no.
 Was there any possibility that was going to happen?
 It doesn't feel like it was a likely historical.
 It wasn't likely, but I mean, you know, lots of things are likely.
 Yeah.
 Getting shot, getting shot in the ear isn't very likely.
 I mean, like the two most consequential presidents of the 20th century, FDR and Reagan, FDR survived
 at about a six foot range.
 He's fired five shots being fired at him, which killed the guy next to him and other
 people around him.
 Before he'd even put at the height of the depression, before he'd been inaugurated to
 his present elect, Reagan was killed about two months into his first term, no Reagan,
 no Roosevelt.
 He was killed.
 Sorry.
 Almost killed.
 Almost killed.
 He was like, "Bite a fragment of a, you know, the bullet had been a few millimeters, you
 know, Reagan would have been killed."
 The two most consequential presidents of the 20th century had absolutely no right to survive,
 under pure luck.
 That's this mad journey we're on, folks.
 Yeah.
 It's crazy.
 Something about Eleanor of Aquitaine that is not often said, so Queen of France, Queen
 of England.
 Yeah.
 Not many people have done the double.
 Not many people.
 I think the only one.
 Mary Queen of Scots claimed it, controversially, you know, sort of could have claimed it.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 How would followers might have claimed it?
 What do we know about her grandmother?
 Dangerous.
 Dangerous.
 Dangerous.
 Yeah.
 Her grandmother's called Dangerous.
 That's all we know, right?
 Is there much?
 No one knows her real name.
 That was a nickname, I think.
 Yeah.
 But no one knows what her real name was.
 We think it's Amadege.
 Right.
 But yeah, she was known by everyone as dangerous.
 That's so cool.
 Because she was such a...
 Player.
 ...Ductrix.
 Yeah.
 And you know, I didn't know that Eleanor just means other anal.
 So anal is a name.
 Sorry.
 No, you said other anal.
 Yes, no.
 I didn't know that would be Eleanor.
 Right.
 So I think her mum was called anal.
 But...
 It's this word you keep saying.
 Right.
 So think of how Eleanor's spelled.
 Yeah.
 Well, it's alienor.
 Yeah.
 It's how it's spelled.
 You knock off the E-L and swap round the A-E. So A-E-N-O-R was a name.
 Okay.
 And you're called Eleanor if you're the other anal.
 So her mum was called anal, or anal.
 But now we only have Eleanor.
 We only have other anals.
 Why is the name anal?
 Well, I think we've...
 We've got to prove that in this podcast.
 Why are we...
 Why are we not...
 Other people called anal.
 Yeah, she answered this.
 I guess.
 I didn't know as long on debate as I was expecting.
 I mean...
 A-N-O-R...
 I always thought that when you write it down...
 It's not when you speak it, is it?
 It becomes clear.
 I think it's weird not to wear the courts of love.
 Oh, okay.
 Okay.
 Can we just ask Dan if he believes the courts of love existed?
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So the courts of love was the idea that Eleanor had this special court for women who had
 fallen out with their husbands and they would give them a base and stuff, right?
 Yeah.
 It sounds great.
 It's like a problem page.
 You meant the other dad.
 I was like, "Why do you think I know anything about that?"
 You love resolving people's romantic issues.
 It's so confused.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 Other dad.
 I just think it's cool that this is an idea.
 I think it was written down by Eleanor's daughter and no one knows if it's made up
 fantasy or if it really happened.
 And what was it?
 That a bunch of noble women including Eleanor, her daughter and some other noble women would
 have nights turn up with their romantic problems like, "Hey, I fancy this woman, but there's
 this other woman who fancies me.
 Who should I get with?"
 And they would arbitrate.
 It's not cool.
 Have you tried Eleanor?
 God.
 As someone with a very, very formidable mother-in-law, I can imagine that's the kind of stuff that
 they'd get up to.
 Is that how you were selected a court of love?
 No.
 I would have never have made it through that process, obviously.
 But no, I think if you're a very impressive, powerful old woman in the Middle Ages, I can
 imagine that you would knock heads together and sort out your love lives in your retinue.
 Sort out the men.
 Yeah.
 Filthy men in the palace.
 But I think the jury's out in general, right?
 Yeah.
 I'm not sure.
 The jury of the courts of love.
 Well, that is also medieval history.
 Full stop.
 Yeah.
 It's all just jury's out.
 Really?
 Oh, annoying.
 The only thing that I can say, certainly, is that Eleanor of Aquatown did not invent
 the fireplace.
 Oh, I cannot believe.
 I know that's going to be the ending to this section, and I'm furious.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is that when the Romans defeated barbarian tribes, they would often
 send them to Britain as punishment.
 Well, in their faces, because Britain is great.
 Yeah.
 Great Britain, exactly.
 Right.
 I'm looking at that in case you could say it's wrong.
 Yeah, you look at me.
 This is nervous, look.
 I mean, it's definitely true.
 We know, for example, there were Syrians.
 They were, "Cool, there's a thing on Hadrian's wall about the Euphrates boatmen that were
 brought up to work on the tine."
 Can you imagine?
 Oh, my God.
 And it's also true that the Romans did regard Britain as the end of the godhammer.
 Although there were periods when the emperor was in Britain, and it was like the heart
 of the empire.
 But for long periods, you're probably like, "You're going to get sent to the furthest
 frontier."
 I can imagine that.
 That is true.
 There's a great line that a poet wrote to Hadrian, he says, "I don't want to be Caesar,
 i.e. the emperor, stroll about among the Britons and endure the Scythian winters."
 So he's comparing being among the Britons as winter on the Ukrainian steppe.
 Like that, those are the two worst things you can imagine as a Roman.
 Well, what was it like when they got here?
 Would it have been nice?
 Well, I mean, it's much as it is now.
 I mean, it's the weather is average.
 You know, what can I say?
 I think the truth is that only Romans wrote this history, right, the barbarians.
 And so we have no idea really what stuff was like, but you're just saying the Romans hated
 it.
 Caesar was really mean about it himself and said, "The Brits are the most ignorant people
 I've ever conquered."
 And Cicero said, "They're the ugliest, most stupid race I ever saw."
 And there also seems to be, I was going through the sources of what Romans said about Brits.
 It seems like we were always naked, and that doesn't make sense to me, because it's fricking
 cold here.
 Well, one Roman source says the reason we were naked is because it was so wet.
 So this one Roman source said, "Most of Britain is marshland, because it's flooded by the
 continual ocean tithes.
 Barbarians usually swim in these swamps or run around with them, submerge the waste."
 Of course, they're practically naked and don't mind the mud, because they're unfamiliar
 with the use of clothing.
 And actually the sense is that wearing loads of trousers and things, you just end up just
 getting wet and muddy all the time, so let it all hang out.
 I've also been out on a night out in Newcastle in February, and they still don't wear clothes
 up there.
 Yeah, no true.
 I guess they were made of hardier stuff.
 I did swim in the river at the weekend, and I thought I wouldn't be able to wade around
 in this all day, every day, come rain or shine naked, but well done, those early Brits.
 That's just as tough as Amundsen.
 So there was a thing called Deportatio in Inselam, which apparently means exile to an island.
 Sometimes you go to Britain, if you've been particularly bad, Tiberias exile to Rhodes,
 which must have been quite nice in comparison, I'd say.
 But then Nacatius Dio wrote about 5,000 Sarmatian cavalry who were sent to Britain after the
 Romans had taken them over.
 Britain was just a nightmare for the Romans, so unending ulcer and pain and suffering.
 They did not conquer the whole archipelago, right?
 So you've got Ireland and you've got Amundsen, Scotland, for much of the period was unconquered.
 And as a result, you cannot expend the resources required to fully conquer the archipelago,
 given its geographical and weather and nightmarish difficulty of doing so.
 But then it's too embarrassing to leave the bit that you have conquered, but then that's
 almost untenable because your entire coastline from Cornwall to Carlisle across to Newcastle,
 it's just vulnerable to these unending incessant raids by these lunatics.
 And then the north coast exposed to the unconquered Baltics and stuff.
 So it's a nightmare.
 It's a nightmare.
 When did they, was it like 300s?
 When did they finally bugger off?
 They sort of pack up shop at about 405, 410.
 The biggest concentration of coin hordes in our history is from that period.
 It's quite interesting.
 So you, you bury your money when you're very, very pessimistic about the immediate future,
 right?
 Yeah.
 Like, let's get them.
 And so we've just got this massive spike of coin hordes.
 It's kind of scary.
 Oh really?
 It's all the Romans burying their money as they do.
 All of these Romans, the villas, just everyone burying it, of course, it also means those
 people didn't come back for it.
 Now, maybe they escaped, but it often, occasionally, would have meant they would have killed and
 stuff.
 So, so those coin hordes have been buried and no one's come back from.
 So there's just a sense of just society just kind of collapsing in the early 5th century.
 The kind of Romano-British that were left, the sort of Roman elite that were still there.
 We get letters written from the Romans going, "Please, the Romans come and help."
 And it's like the barbarians push us into the sea and the sea pushed us back onto lands
 we have to choose whether to drown or be murdered.
 Oh God.
 You know, it's like, it is just, it's full, full Armageddon.
 Yeah.
 It's crazy.
 So that's the thing that we still seem to have from the barbarians.
 Any time someone says, "Bla, bla, bla," supposedly that has come from the word "barbarian" itself.
 So the word "barbarian" supposedly comes from ancient Greek.
 And it was taken.
 That definitely comes from ancient Greek.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 Sorry.
 It supposedly comes from the fact that when foreigners were speaking and you didn't understand,
 you would say, "Ba, ba, ba, ba, ba, ba."
 That's what it sounds like to us.
 And that has evolved to, "Bla, bla, bla," so anytime we say, "Bla, bla, bla," we're
 barbarians.
 Yeah.
 It's literally anyone who's not Roman and sort of Greek, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 And it covers, covers a lot.
 The biggest barbarians of them all, the Goths, probably.
 The Goths.
 Okay.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Because they were like, sort of stimulated.
 Umi and all.
 The ball of Rome.
 War of Black.
 Oh yeah.
 Oh sorry, Anne, war lots of Black.
 And we'll really miss it all the time.
 Most of my chemical romance.
 Yeah.
 So yeah.
 Retopping Whitby.
 Yeah.
 The Goths crossed the Danube, didn't they, in like the three seventies.
 And it seemed to work incredibly well, the Roman policy towards barbarians for hundreds
 of years.
 So people would knock at the door and say, "Hey, we want to be part of Rome, please."
 They might be fleeing, you know, other forces or whatever, which want to be part of Rome.
 We want to be part of Rome.
 And so they'd be split up, tribes would be split up.
 They'd have to abandon all loyalty to tribal chieftains, give some of their military to
 the Romans.
 And then they were sort of allowed to stay in mind their own business, I think, basically.
 They messed it up a bit when the Goths came over.
 I think they let too many over, then they stopped letting other people.
 And then basically...
 All right, Nigel.
 They didn't know enough food to feed them all, so then they got upset.
 And then they threw this dinner party.
 And I think Rome fell because of a cocked up dinner party.
 Really?
 Because it was this Roman general, Lupi Kinnis, who realized the Goths were coming over, invited
 a couple of their leaders.
 He was getting really drunk with them.
 He told his men to go and kind of besiege the Goths.
 And word got back to the dinner party and it all kind of kicked off.
 And was a bit pissed by then.
 So Lupi Kinnis was probably a bit loose with his instructions and started killing some
 of the people who'd come with them.
 And that was kind of the beginning.
 And then the Goths got together fought against him.
 And that was when the Roman Empire started.
 It's very...
 When was that?
 376.
 It's a catastrophic battle at Adrianople, one of the worst defeats in Roman history where
 the Eastern Emperor takes on the Goths.
 The Western Emperor's coming to help him, but he wants the glory for himself, doesn't he?
 So he attacked too early, just got totally annihilated.
 And then the Goths just went on this rampage all the way through the Western Empire.
 Right.
 I think the only time the Romans really got defeated by barbarians until this period was
 the battle of Teutoburg, which we mentioned, which was all in this forest.
 And they basically want to take on the Germans.
 So the Germans attacked the Romans, didn't they, in the forest and turned out the Romans
 couldn't hack it basically and were absolutely vanquished.
 So I think they killed 10% of their military and they never tried to go into Germany again,
 really.
 And that is basically why we have that division today between Latin languages and German languages.
 Oh, really.
 Yeah, it's one of my significant defeats here.
 Yeah.
 Augustus ran around the palace in Rome, shouting, "Varus, give me back my legions!"
 I was like, it was one of the worst defeats.
 But then they did sort of nibble into bits, Joey, but effectively, yeah, that policy of
 just permanent expansion was sort of brought to a halt at that point.
 Just like that.
 Today, that's why we basically have two big language groups in that moment.
 If you ever want to depress yourself, read about that, it was a torrential rain in a
 dark German wood and the Romans marching along and their guide, their German guide, a guy
 called Arminius, and he sort of disappeared.
 And it turns out he's actually was guiding them in this terrible trap.
 He had been a collaborator, but in fact, he didn't have to be the leader of the resistance.
 And then just ambushed repeatedly, the general commits suicide.
 I mean, it's just this total annihilation of a once mighty force.
 I can't bring myself to get depressed about something that happened 2000 years ago.
 There's just enough today, or in the last hundred years, "I let myself get over that,
 and I think you need to work on it."
 What's the big one that wakes you up at night?
 This is very personal.
 I mean, I have an overactive imagination.
 At night, I do kind of read about the first emperor of China, Chinchuan, the most powerful
 man in the world, builds China extraordinary dynasty that's going to last a thousand years.
 Within three years, his children and grandchildren are enslaved and murdered in the streets.
 Being hand dynasty.
 And you think, "If that can happen to him, it can happen to anybody.
 I'm just, it's just terrifying."
 Are you ready for history here to be toppled and your kids attacked either successive?
 Indeed.
 But I just, the horror of somebody, you know, the peak of their powers, like Cresus in Lidia,
 you know, the rich man in the world, little did he know the fate that was waiting for
 him.
 "Oh, wait, we can wait for all of us too."
 And so you feel you might be now at the peak of your powers, you're at the most dangerous
 level.
 That's even sadder.
 I'll see if this is as good as it gets for me.
 It's a sad indictment of my life.
 Yes, relatively speaking, I'm probably at the peak of my powers.
 And then one day I might, you know, I might be standing there with a kitchen knife defending
 my house.
 Yeah.
 So they'll be talking about the fall of Dan Snow's empire a thousand years.
 They'll be talking about sort of the coinhold of the south coast as the Danes pulled up
 on the beach.
 And then Harland comes over the hedge, I'm there, having to defend my family.
 Anyway, that's the kind of thing I worry about.
 I'm glad you asked.
 It's kind of, I wasn't hoping, I was hoping to share that.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that America has a witness protection program for their trees.
 Oh, okay.
 So this is a really cool idea, I think.
 There's a lot of historical spots in America where battles, civil wars would have been
 fought and so on.
 And often when the landscape is done of all the debris of whatever happened there, the
 trees will remain and they're technically witnesses to history.
 In many cases, these trees might have taken bullets in from the wars and the bark would
 have grown over and embedded in these things.
 So they're actually literally holding history inside of them that we don't yet know about.
 And so this was an idea that was set up by the Chief of the National Park Services and
 they decided, let's start designating trees, a witness protection, whereby you can't
 chop them down, you can't harm them, but they're archived in the Congress library and so on.
 And yeah.
 That's just a classic American.
 For something that we have here called a tree protection order, they just have a much cooler
 name for it.
 Yeah.
 When you said that, I did think they sort of hide them, they move them, they get the
 Gettysburg trees and they move them up to Saratoga, they give them a new name.
 Why is there a bunch of birch trees here, a one sycamore tree in the middle disguised,
 a little swearing of silver coat.
 Yeah.
 This is brother, shut up.
 Are people trying to harm these trees because that's what you expect?
 I think I just think they just want to be nice to trees, don't they?
 Yeah.
 Well, I guess we do accidentally hurt trees, I guess, you know, we do accidentally chop
 them down.
 Yeah, I've always accidentally, I don't think anyone's ever accidentally chopped down a
 tree.
 Yeah.
 But there's a sign up.
 So like the loggers will go around a forest presumably and then there'll be a big sign
 that's like this tree.
 Oh, which we have in this great country as well.
 Yeah.
 But we don't have a cool name.
 So you might be chopping down a load of trees and accidentally chop down an important one.
 Absolutely.
 Is an example of that.
 Yeah.
 And do we have it in this country for sort of trees that have witnessed great historic
 events?
 Well, we should do.
 We did chop down the Royal Oak.
 Yeah.
 Great story.
 So there was a Royal Oak that Charles, well, when he was then Charles Stewart was hiding
 in and the Parliamentarian forces were rummaging around beneath the canopy and he dined out
 in the story for the rest of his life.
 Anyway, he then came down, went over to France and then the Royal Oak became, he became back
 as king, pubs reopened, lots of pubs called the Royal Oak, sort of it became a meme.
 And then in the 19th century, lots of people started visiting and like chopping bits off
 and traipsing across this guy's farm.
 And this lunatic farmer's chopped the tree down, zero respect for trees or witnesses
 to history.
 Trumbling his crops.
 Trumbling his crops.
 But there is now a daughter or a son of that tree, which was sort of recovered and grown.
 And then that one was hit by lightning and now, and Prince Charles, that made him a bit
 sweaty.
 So he went and planted another tree, so there's now a grandchild.
 The main one's looking a bit, it's like it's been hit by oiling.
 And then the other one's looking quite verdant and fresh and it's small.
 It's about six foot high.
 So there's three or there's two generations there on that spot.
 It's in Shropshire.
 There's the, the Newton apple tree, which is both in the garden of where Newton live.
 But they also took a cutting and made a, I guess a daughter or a son of, they say it's
 a clone.
 So I don't know if it means it just is the exact tree.
 I don't know what that terminology is, but it's growing outside on one of the colleges
 at Cambridge.
 And I was reading in Merlin Sheldrake's book.
 He wrote this incredible book about fungi and how it works in the world.
 And he said that he wanted to grab some of the apples off it because he was interested
 in making a cider.
 And the tour guide said, you are not allowed to take apples off this tree.
 The apples are here specifically for all the tourists to see them fall to the ground so
 they can experience gravity as it was first discovered.
 Jesus.
 You're going to be sitting and waiting a long time on you.
 It's pretty rare you actually see an apple fall off the tree.
 Pretty cool though to see an apple fall off the tree.
 On windy days, the tourism sort of quadrupled.
 Get together.
 Get to the tree.
 I was, I went to a historically important trees child today on the way to work.
 Did you?
 Yeah, yeah.
 And Frank, when she was in her hiding spot, she described a horse chestnut tree that was
 just outside the building and it was, in 2005 they found it was suffering from a fungal
 disease and so they decided to take cuttings and they planted it all over the world and
 there's one of them in hybrid fields just near my house.
 And you saw that today?
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 Has her one's toppled, hasn't it?
 I think it has.
 Yeah.
 Not long ago.
 It's not long ago.
 There's a tree and winds a great part.
 There's a oak tree and winds a great part that they think has been there since before
 the Norman Conqueror.
 So before...
 Before fireplaces.
 Before fireplaces.
 And so William the Conqueror would have passed that tree.
 No way.
 No way.
 Oh my gosh.
 You see?
 The oak trees in churchyards are said to be thousands of years old, right?
 Yes.
 I think there's one that's claimed to be over 4,000 years old.
 They're pretty amazing.
 I've got a friend who eats you berries, sort of like does while foraging and the thing
 about you berries is, which people may know, a seed of the you berry, which is inside the
 berry, is incredibly poisonous.
 So...
 So he spits the seed out.
 Absolutely.
 So I went on a walk with him once and it was me and another friend and him and you know,
 my other friend said, "All right, I'll taste it."
 Put it in his mouth, chewing around for a while and my friend said to him, "And you spat
 the seed out, right?"
 Like poor mate.
 It was like, "No, what do you mean?
 Spit it out!
 Spit it out!"
 And it's...
 Yeah, he just sucks the fruit off.
 But if you accidentally swallow the seed, you will die.
 I think we'd like to just say, "Public service to our listeners.
 Do not eat you berries."
 Don't.
 That's a metaphor for so much of life, isn't it?
 The sweet, sweet outer layer, the poisonous death-giving fruit within.
 Okay.
 No more of your weird nightmares.
 I'm not.
 I'm just kidding you.
 I don't know.
 I want to workshop that.
 It's interesting that you know about fruit on a U-Tree.
 I've never thought about that because I just think about U-Trees as a source of longbows.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 They're sort of stretchy and squashy in exactly the right parts, basically.
 There was a famous tree, the sycamore tree in Tollpuddle where the Tollpuddle 6 began
 and started the friendly society of agricultural labours which eventually led to the beginning
 of trade unionism and stuff like that.
 The story is very interesting, but I'm not going to go into it because the interesting
 thing is that Tollpuddle used to be called Tollpiddle.
 I know.
 They rebranded, didn't they?
 They rebranded.
 It just sounds so crap.
 Well, they embarrassed by Tollpiddle.
 I think, well, we're not exactly sure why they rebranded, but it seems likely.
 So there was a river piddle that went by this town and the Tollpiddle is named after there.
 And then in 1934, locals were still calling it Tollpiddle and a journalist from the Daily
 Worker went there and said, "Is this Tollpuddle?"
 And they went, "Oh, nobody around here don't know no such name as Tollpuddle."
 And it does seem that maybe because it had to be more respectable and because it's such
 an important place for the trade union movement that they didn't think Tollpiddle was a proper
 name for it.
 So they remember Tollpuddle?
 Maybe.
 Call it Toll Ocean.
 Call it Toll Waterfall.
 One of the theories that Queen Victoria visited and they changed it for her, but we don't
 really know why.
 It might have just evolved that way.
 You can still go and have a picnic underneath the oak tree at the vine, the house in Basingstoke,
 where Henry VIII and Anne Boleyn used to go when they were lovers.
 No.
 It's great.
 If you want to really condemn a relationship that you have.
 Well, just think about the tasty fruit with the poisonous...
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Does it have, like, Henry Hart?
 Yeah, it probably does.
 You know, Catherine crossed out, sharing the cross now.
 Have you heard of the Sheffield chainsaw massacre?
 Is that the original title?
 This was very recently in the 2010s and Sheffield Council basically cut down thousands of trees.
 Oh, of course.
 It was really controversial, wasn't it?
 Really controversial.
 There was, like, a 450-year-old Melbourne oak that was cut down.
 There was loads of historical trees that were cut down.
 And basically, the council signed a contract with an infrastructure company saying every
 time you cut down a tree, we'll give you some money.
 Maybe they're too old, or maybe they're dangerous, or maybe they're digging up the pavement so
 people might trip over it or something, and then they got another consultancy to submit
 a report on how many of the trees needed felling, and there was a big mistake in that second
 report.
 And so they cut down thousands and thousands of these trees in Sheffield for no reason whatsoever.
 So it is just gross incompetence.
 I'm afraid so, yeah.
 Have they planted some trees?
 Oh, they will replant them, yeah.
 Wow, that's bad.
 I hope someone's head was chopped.
 I was on HMS Victory the other day, and they are looking, they're doing a refurb.
 It's like Triggers broom.
 They're basically entirely rebuilding it every so often.
 Where is it?
 Where is it?
 In Portsmouth.
 And they are using oak from France, because there aren't enough old oak trees.
 They just go to Sheffield and say, "I hear you've got loads of oak."
 So I might have to put them in touch.
 Wow.
 I mean, but France basically is England before and after.
 Exactly.
 And the curator there was like, kind of come up with this real sophistry about it's great
 that we're taking supplies from the old enemy, I'm like, "Look mate, just like it."
 We're working together now.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's a shocker.
 We don't have oaks in this country.
 Come on, just admit it.
 But yeah, they used to go around the forests when they're building things out of wood.
 And they would actually find the trees that were the right shape for the bit that they
 need to build.
 So if you wanted something called a knee on a ship, which has a sort of vaguely right
 angle sort of bracket, you'd just go, "That tree's got some, that one's perfect."
 And you'd go and sort of scribble it out, and then they'd know to chop down that tree.
 And then the carter would be like, "We'd have to do much work with that."
 Oh, that's great.
 You could just cut that midsection where it's already at.
 So clever, isn't it?
 That's great.
 So there's always images in the 18th century of people hanging these weird sort of cutouts
 on the side of trees to show the shapes that people make so much sense, doesn't it?
 Then did they actually, the new forest was just planted for boats, wasn't it?
 Yeah, a lot of it.
 Yeah.
 The new forest, I live there, so I'm going to buy a new forest.
 Forest does not designate woodland.
 Oh, right.
 It's just a legal designation of forest, a royal forest, a piece of ground on which
 certain different types of law apply.
 Really?
 And there is obviously forestry in woodland within it, but yeah, lots of it's more in
 open grounds.
 And that's true of the word forest.
 Yeah.
 Forest kind of means this has this legal meaning.
 That's so interesting.
 It's weird, isn't it?
 So all the ancient woodland in Britain tragically I think has been cut down, but so a lot of
 the trees in the new forest now were planted at various times in the national crisis, whether
 it was by any date for a navy or the Georgians or the Commonwealth war, obviously lots of
 pines, but to pick props for when they're running out of woods.
 The new forest does commoning, doesn't it?
 Oh, yeah, we do, yeah.
 Do you, are you a commoner?
 I'm not a commoner, unfortunately, because my house is outside the cattle graze.
 Oh, sorry.
 Because I'm often told when I roll about on the common, but yes, you can put your animals
 out, which is what the most of the country used to be like before the enclosures came.
 Yes.
 All these hedges and fields.
 That's the man.
 Everyone thinks it's beautiful English scenery.
 That's an industrial farming landscape.
 The man enclosed that.
 Oh, no, I'm asking you closure.
 Forced us off it.
 And you had two hedges.
 Oh, God, I love hedges.
 We don't mind it.
 We don't mind it.
 That's true.
 Yeah, so you can still go and you put your pigs out there when the acorns fall.
 Yes, I think because there are various rights you have and you have to live in the right
 house.
 I'm so sorry that you're outside the cattle graze.
 It's a traumatic episode.
 This has been today.
 Yeah, I know.
 Tucked up.
 Dan's there with his pigs in his front room going up.
 No, it's so sad.
 You've opened up something because my wife is desperate to be a commoner and we have,
 we've failed.
 So anyway.
 I think we need more because house prices in the New Forest have gone up quite a lot.
 So quite a lot of people are buying these houses that have the right of commenting, but
 they are not interested.
 Yeah, they're not real commoners.
 They're not real commoners.
 That's why you're done, right?
 I'm going to test you on the rights that you'd have as a commoner then.
 You've got the right pasture, which as you said, is grazing your ponies, cattle, donkeys.
 You've got the right of sheep, which is grazing your sheep.
 Are you allowed to pick up sticks or something?
 Firewoods, yes.
 Firewoods, yes.
 I actually think that they sort of give you firewood because they don't massively want
 you chopping it down anymore.
 But yeah, it's called estavas.
 Yes, that's right.
 Estavas.
 Estavas.
 The right of turboree.
 Yes, what's that?
 Is that turboree?
 It's like the fish.
 The right of catching turboree, it's the right of cutting turfs for fuel.
 Yes, it's a turf.
 Yes.
 Not a good idea nowadays, but yeah.
 No, you're not supposed to do that anymore, actually.
 And actually, the right of turning your pigs out is called mast.
 Is that a mast?
 Yeah, apparently turning pigs out to...
 Yeah, it's funny.
 At that time of year, there's just loads of pigs all over the roads and you've got to
 have a swat.
 Really?
 Yeah, when the acorns fall.
 What I didn't get is, yeah, when the acorns fall, the pigs are supposed to eat them because
 they're poisonous to other stuff.
 So are the pigs rushing around as a horse goes towards an acorn and pigs bit him underneath
 them?
 Like, "Y'all mate, if I try and eat you, Barry," he's like, "Raps it out of my
 hashing."
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can all be found on various social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram, on @shriberland, James.
 My Instagram is no such thing as James Harkin.
 And Dan.
 The History Guy.
 On Instagram.
 That's just who he is.
 Shout out to the History Guy.
 No, on Twitter, on various platforms.
 Nice.
 And Anna, to get us as a group.
 You can go to @nosuchthing on Twitter or @nosuchthingasafish on Instagram or you can email podcast@qi.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our website, nosuchthingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 There's a link to our upcoming tour.
 Get some tickets for that now.
 And also, Join Club Fish, which is our behind-the-scenes area, where we post lots of bonus content.
 Most importantly of all, check out all of Dan's stuff.
 The History Hit channel, as well as Dan Snow's History Hit show.
 We've been on it.
 I did an episode with Dan all about mysteries of history.
 You, James and Anna, you did a sporting episode recently.
 Yeah, we did.
 Which is better than Dan's.
 So that one hurts.
 That's what I heard from Dan himself.
 So not true.
 Not true.
 He didn't say that.
 He didn't say that.
 But yeah, do check that out.
 It's all available wherever you get your podcasts.
 We will be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Welcome to Quite a Good Sport, the very first episode.
 So what are we talking about today?
 Well, today we're going to talk about the great spot of rowing and we're going to speak to
 Imogen Grant and Eve Stewart, who are two of our Team GB medal hopefuls for Paris.
 I thought rowing was a stupid sport.
 It's cold.
 It's wet.
 You have to get up really early.
 You get blisters on your hands and you can't see where you're going.
 We are going to be chucking in a few interesting facts that we've learned along the way.
 Because Adolf Hitler was seething from the stands in the despotic way that he does.
 Oh, Moustache twitching away.
 And we will be trying our hand on the River Thames to see which of you and I is going
 to be the greatest rower.
 OK, we're ready to do the first time trial.
 Ready, go.
 This is a pretty steady start from Anna.
 Now she's really getting her rhythm.
 We're actually going at a proper pace.
 We're approaching the finish line, the red boy.
 Who will be victorious?
 The only way to find out is to listen to episode one of Quite a Good Sport.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 you
