 [Theme Music]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast.
 This week, coming to you live from Cambridge.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, and I am sitting here with Anit Zinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my fact, my fact this week is that adult scooters were invented by a Swiss
 banker who was hungry for a sausage.
 That's true. This was in the 1990s. There was a man who was a Dutch Swiss banker,
 and he was called a "wim orbiter." And he was at home one night, and he suddenly really wanted
 to a sausage, and he thought, you know, it's what he called a microdistance.
 It wasn't far enough to get in a car and drive there and find car parking.
 What, a sausage shop? Yeah, he had a favorite sausage shop, and it wasn't close enough that he
 could walk to it, and he thought, why is there not a device that I could use to get me there?
 And then he suddenly had the idea of turning what was only available really for kids,
 kid scooters. Why not make an adult version of that? So he invented that as a result.
 But by the time he's invented it, he's not going to want a sausage any more, is he?
 No, that's a sad bit of this story, yeah. He starved to death in the manufacturing process.
 No, so when he eventually had a prototype, he took it down to his town and everyone laughed at him
 because the idea of an adult on a scooter was seen as a really ridiculous. Ten years later,
 and with the support of his wife, he had the prototype made into a real thing. It started going to
 market. It went to big sales, and then in America, it got sold with the name Razor, Razor Scooters,
 which I grew up riding, and that was him. It was down to the man wanting a sausage.
 And he said he gave them sex appeal, which is something I haven't seen evidence of yet,
 on adults, on scooters, but he said he described it as like the tiny wheels, the polished aluminum,
 and the foam handlebars, the combination of those three things,
 gives them more sex appeal than your average kid's thing. I don't know if foam handlebars are sexy,
 but maybe that's just me, I've got weird taste.
 There was a kind of really, really, really proto scooter, which was invented in the early 19th
 century, so it was called the Dandy Horse. It was technically called a pedestrian curricle.
 So it was invented in 1818, when it was first pacented, and it had other names, it was called a swift
 walker, or a pedestrian's accelerator, that was the name of this human. I can't believe this,
 this is three years after the Battle of Waterloo was over, but it was for fashionable dandies in
 town. And what it was was, imagine a bicycle and just take away the pedals, okay? So you
 sit, stride it on the saddle, and then you just have to push yourself along the ground on either side.
 This was the ultra fashionable device in London to have, you know, there were only about 300
 of them made. But it's the bizarre thing about the Dandy Horse is, hey, it appeared, as you say, in
 1817, it was invented as probably 1818, and it suddenly come back, right? So that's what you see
 kids going around on them today, they're at local balance bikes, or whatever, and it helped
 them cycle. And also, it was fashionable for a year. So it invented 1817, really fashionable in
 London, 1818, disappeared by 1819. And you can find articles by the 1830s, you've got articles
 going, "God, remember the dandy horse? That was weird, wasn't it?" But that's actually true of
 that adult scooters as well. Yeah. They are coming back in America especially, but in 1999,
 they had four million dollars worth of sales, 4.5. In 2000, it was 70 million, and in 2001, it
 had gone back down to 6 million. So it's just like one year where they became absolutely massive.
 Yeah. And then quite a few people got injured, I think. Yeah. Well, yeah, what happened was is,
 the problem he had was he made this new innovation, you could fold, it could go in your bag,
 everyone got excited immediately, every country that had copies, you know, pirated copies made,
 got in on the action. So the market was flooded with all this stuff. And as you say,
 handles weren't made properly, so people were chopping their, we're not chopping their
 fingers off, but damaging. One person lost, one person lost a bit of a finger due to a cheap
 imitation. Yeah, exactly. They made the handles out of knives or something. That's sexy.
 They're made now. There is this, the town that it's produced in, it's just outside of Zurich,
 and it's called Kusnacht, and it's where they manufacture, or where the headquarters for this
 razor company is, without the name razor, his original company. And it's a really cool town.
 It sounds like there's a lot of amazing stuff that's happened and going on there. So notable people
 outside of this razor that's there from that town include Julius Maggi, who invented the pre-cooked
 soup, Maggi noodles. From this tiny, tiny town, Carl Jung was from there. I usually have led with
 Carl Jung. Well, how about this? Tina Turner lives there since 1994. Yeah, Carl Jung, Tina Turner,
 and the Maggi noodle guy. Yeah, you put those in the wrong order. It was clarified. But it is
 bizarre that scooters, even though we're claiming that this guy invented them, they are not a new
 invention. And I really had no idea that these motorized scooters you see today were first
 properly invented in 1915. And there were loads of pictures in the early 20th century
 of people going around on them. And again, it was short lived, it was between about 1915 and 1922.
 They were partly a response to wartime gas rationing, so they didn't use up very much petrol.
 And it was in America, and they would come with head and tail lights and a toolbox,
 and policemen used them. Post was delivered on them, postmen used them for a while. Wait,
 sorry, are these things like vespas or are they things like? No, you're standing on them. Yes,
 they're fuel powered. You're standing like a child, but we're the small motor. Yeah. And they had
 even... I did read a source that said they were used by a New York gang called the Bog Trotters,
 the Long Island Bog Trotters. No. You did exist. And this is written in a lot of books. I've
 struggled to find the primary newspaper reports that talk about the Bog Trotters disappearing down
 alleyways on push scooters, but apparently they were really useful for getting away from police.
 They just do motorized scooters down alleyways. Yeah, that is possible, I guess. If you commit a crime
 at the top of a hill, you're laughing. I found something about development of new kinds of
 transport. Okay. Similar wartime transport innovation. So motorized roller skates. So separate
 roller skates with motors inside them were invented in the Second World War. For people in the war?
 Well, the inventors suggested that... That would have been, I mean, the war. I'm not going to say the war
 is fun, because war isn't fun. No. But if we all had motorized roller skates... It would have taken
 the edge off. Would have taken the edge off. Well, the guy who invented them was called Tom Hancock's.
 He took the motor out of a lawn mower and he basically put these engines on these roller skates.
 And his footage, a new footage of him scootering around, and he's even got a little trailer on the
 back, which his daughter sits on and she's just sitting there going along the road. And he suggested
 that soldiers could use them to save on marching and he was not taken off on his offer, basically.
 But they're coming back. Those are the segue last year invented motorized roller skates. Really?
 And you could, but they were not greeted with great favour. Headlines included, Segway is back and it's
 coming for your last tread of dignity. Segway's escapes are a whole new way to look cool while falling
 over and wired magazine named them the object in the office most likely to kill you.
 Yeah, but these electric scooters, they are quite popular now in America in a lot of cities.
 They have like kind of Uber thing or a Boris bike kind of thing where you can take them for a small
 amount of money and take them around. Can't you? A lime and bird are the two main companies.
 The problem is they're new and so for instance the scooters that bird has got their rebranded
 Xiaomi devices which have a weight limit of 200 pounds when the average American man weighs 197.9 pounds.
 And a couple of weeks ago, lime did an official statement saying there was a bug that caused sudden
 excessive braking and they said it's all right. It only happens when being ridden downhill at top speed.
 Excessive braking is not what you want, is it? No, basically you go down downhill and you'd hit
 something small on the road and whatever's in the scooter makes it think that it's a massive obstacle
 and just immediately stops. Oh god. They did say I should say for legal reasons that fewer than
 0.0.045% of all rides worldwide have been affected. That's covered. The Segway has a checkered
 history, isn't it? And the guy who invented the Segway Dean Cayman in fact thought it was going
 to take over the world. So and he called it ginger after ginger Rogers because I guess they're so
 elegant. But he also invented a bunch of other things so he invented a robotic wheelchair which
 goes upstairs which is quite cool. So the wheels climb over each other so you can get up the stairs.
 He also invented a person cannon. This is technically called a controllable launcher
 and it's a cannon that fires its payload as in the person that you put in it onto the top of
 buildings. So if you're I mean that does sound really cool. Do you set the height of the building
 that you want to get onto the top of? Of course you do. They're not all set up to be the size of the
 shard. And then you just got a one story house. You wouldn't want to be going to the top of the
 shard though because even if you get right to the top you're instantly impaled in the shard.
 But also it's building to land on in the world. What if you work on the 15th floor in the building's
 30 floors? You're still as far away. Could you open a window and just get propelled through that?
 Wait what do you mean open a window? They don't want to go inside the building. It's not just a
 quick way of getting to work. What are you saying? You were saying it fires you onto the top of a building?
 Yes, if you're sorry if you're a fireman or something in the building. If there's a terrorist
 up there it's not just oh I'm too lazy to use the lift. I don't want to be with a scum in there.
 Just get my purse and can I? So if there's a terrorist up there. I would have been a great see to
 die hard with Bruce Willis gets a lot to the top of the. He said it was it's potential uses
 were anti-terrorism. I don't remember when terrorists have hidden on the top of buildings
 and we haven't been able to get to them. But this is what we need when they do. And apparently it
 would land you gently at a safe impact distance from the air. They thought the second would be
 bigger than the internet though. They said this is going to be the biggest thing since the internet.
 They said this is going to render cars obsolete. And then the problem with it is that they did it
 massive secrecy. So they were really paranoid when they were making it that Japan was working
 or something similar. So everyone who was making it had to have all their blinds nailed down,
 properly taped shots so no one could see anything. They couldn't test it because they were so
 paranoid about other people seeing it. So they were astonished when it was left outside and only
 weirdos and nerds used them. I've got four. Exactly. I'm going to have to move us on in a second to
 our next facts. I've got one tiny fact. This is just about sort of little motorised forms of transport.
 Since Donald Trump became the president, the Secret Service has spent $300,000 renting golf carts
 from him so they can protect him while he plays golf. Yeah. Just in case anyone was on the fence
 about him at this point. Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is Anna. My fact this week is
 that goats have been engineered to produce spider silk because when farmers try to get the spiders
 to do it themselves, they just kept eating each other. This is an amazing thing that goes
 to engineer to do in the early 2000s. They have been genetically spliced with the protein from
 spiders that makes their silk and apparently farmers have been trying to farm spider silk for over
 100 years but it's a complete nightmare because they're territorial cannibalistic predators that
 will eat anything in their way. Other people who will find their way. So yeah, it didn't work and
 then they finally found out that you can put these jeans in goats which don't tend to eat each
 other unless you've got a very unhappy farm and they're what's called transgenic. So a transgenic
 goat is transgenic is when you have the DNA of something totally different put into you and it comes
 out in their milk. They're not just weaving these webs. They don't get glanced silk glands inserted.
 You don't come in the morning and you're in the farm and your goats in the wet tree.
 Imagine if you got bit by a radioactive goat of this kind. Just having to explain your super power
 would be so long. So the reason I've climbed up this apparently sheer wall of a dam is a niche goat
 reference. So the spiders had the early versions where they did this. They put a spider in a tiny
 little almost like the stock. You know if you throw like, um, this one has eight holes.
 It was just for the abdomen and you put the spider in there and then you'd put a thing in and it would
 pull all the spider silk out. But the thing is they kept all the spiders together and eventually a
 spider spun the webs over the wall so it was completely covered which meant that no other insects
 or mosquitoes could get in and so they ended up not having anything to eat which is why they all
 ate each other and then eventually there was only few left alive but they were all absolutely
 massive because they'd eaten all the mates. And that's why it never kind of kind of, I don't know,
 is how useful it has been already in the past. So for instance it's been totally vital to astronomy.
 I don't know this so for 250 years it was used in telescopes and it's used in the eyepieces of
 telescopes and it acts as a kind of as crosshairs basically. So if you're looking through a normal
 telescope you see a shadow of stars, you need some kind of reference point. It's amazing you never
 got that job at the sky of night. Do you think that's a common complaint that they go, oh man,
 it's too many. It was, it's not that there's too many, it's that you can't pinpoint where they are
 and so what you do is you need crosshairs to act as a reference point and the perfect crosshairs
 are spider silk and so they've been used in telescopes for hundreds of years. They used to have a
 spider silk collector, the grenet of the observatory until the 1950s and there was, I was actually
 reading the astronomical guidelines from the 1890s about how to collect spider silk and it says
 you have to stand on a stool and you hang a spider from a piece of wood and then as it drops you
 wind it's thread with a fork. So you just collect it thread with a fork. So this poor spider
 thinks it's dropping and dropping and it's just saying the same place and then it sometimes says if
 a racney is inclined however to be obstinate gently blow on her with a full steady breath
 and she will weave but this is how they've been pinpointing where stars are. That's incredible.
 It's amazing. I can't believe that you can collect it and store it like that. Oh yeah. Well another
 thing was in war it's very useful so in the second world war it was used in gun sites for the same
 reason. You put it on the lens of gun sites and it was exactly that reason to help you focus and
 there was a team of spider ticklers who were in place. Yeah the US employed the main one was called
 nan's songa and a bunch of other women who tickled spiders. She tickled so many webs out of spiders
 that the US had to appeal to Mexico for extra spider imports because she'd exhausted all the web
 available in America. I mean how many spiders are there in America? She can't have tickled every
 single one. She was basing through those spiders. Yes you're on roller skates. You're tickling spider.
 What's going on to win this war? I think there's been debate, not serious debate but debate
 nonetheless about what kind of spider bit spider-man. The theory is that it's finally we've got to
 the big issue of that. Spider-man must be one or another kind of spider because it wasn't just
 an else spider that bit it wasn't. So tarantulas probably produce silk from their feet.
 Oh yeah because he doesn't, when he fires the silk it's out of his hands. He doesn't pull it out of
 his bum doesn't he? Yes. If he had been bitten by a radioactive house spider he would have to laboriously
 like his costume would look very different. And they really wanted to make the film a PG.
 I mean other species me. It's worth saying that spider-man has gadgets that shoot out the web. It's
 not actual web shooting out of his arms. Really? When the movies at least I don't know. He can't stick
 to walls. He can't stick to walls. He can't stick to walls. I did not know that. The thing is the
 four people who know least about spider-man is this room that sat on the stage. Everyone else
 has got half a fuck say. If you don't have any fishing bait when you're going fishing an alternative
 to use particularly if you're in the Solomon Islands is spider silk. They have a fish there which is
 called the needle fish and it's mouth is too small to eat any of the classic luring bait that you use.
 So what they do there is they use like a kite string so they throw that out into the water and
 they attach to it blobs of rolled up silk from a spider's web and they will just bounce it on the
 water and what happens is that these fish come up and they leap into it and they get stuck to it
 and then they pull them back and that's how they catch them. So that's their bait.
 Couldn't they then just swim off but with a mouth that's stuck together? No because the guy's got
 the kite string. He's pulling them back in. You've got the kite string. Sorry, got it. Yeah, yeah,
 no, you haven't just thrown a bit of sorry. You've never been great at fishing, have you?
 Throw the rod in there with everything. Just set by the side of the lake for two hours.
 Not showing that fish. I bet that's really uncomfortable in its mouth right now.
 That's fishing.
 Okay, we're going to have to move on to fact number three and that is Andy. My fact is that when
 King George VI visited Washington and American chemist provided the royals with special London water
 so they could have exactly the same tea as they had in Britain. And this was the first time the king had
 any king had visited a sitting U.S. president because of all the unpleasantness previously.
 Can I ask this water? It wasn't that they brought it over from London, or was it?
 No, they didn't. They made it up. They sort of analysed the chemicals in it and a chemist called
 Betts offered to provide special London water. And the White House said that's a very nice and
 hospitable thing to do. We'll have five gallons of it. And then halfway through the royal visit,
 Betts got another telegram saying, we find we will need far more water than we ask for.
 Would it be possible and could you be so kind as to furnish us with 20 more gallons?
 Because the royals evidently drank a lot more tea than the Americans abound for. I looked it up.
 If that was small cups of tea, the original consignment would have made 120 small cups of tea.
 And then they asked for enough to make another 500 cups of tea.
 Wow. And he was only there four days or something, wasn't he?
 Yeah. So it must have been lots of people drinking it.
 No, it's just the king. It was a big trip. When they went there, they were received outside
 the White House by over 250,000 people. It was made him. Everyone came out to see that.
 They made a lot of trips. This was when the war was about to kick off.
 So it was very symbolic, the trip that they were doing. And George Essex went to visit the tomb
 of George Washington, who obviously was a foe of his great, great, great grandfather.
 So that was a huge symbolic moment to visit the man who effectively kicked us out of America.
 And so that is revolting tea all over that tombstone.
 They also, as well as that, they had hot dogs for the first time, the first time a royal had had a hot dog.
 The headline in New York Times said, "King tries hot dog and asks for more."
 The hot dogs were served on a silver tray and apparently the queen at the time,
 which was the queen mother, yeah. She asked Roosevelt how to eat a hot dog and Roosevelt said,
 "Very simple, push it into your mouth and keep pushing until it is all gone."
 It's good advice in general, I think. It's a sure-for-recipe for choking.
 Well then she used the knife and fork after that.
 Yeah, and no photographer allowed to take photos because of the royal eating hot dogs.
 Yeah, I mean, that's the thing. I think you're not allowed to take photo of the queen eating now, are you?
 You don't want that phallic shot, do you? You don't want the hot dog going into the queen.
 You don't want wholesale. Yeah, you don't want the president of the United States shoving
 a sausage in the queen's face, do you? It's bad, Pierre.
 I looked up a little bit about tea. You know Carl Linnaeus, who same as the categorising
 life. He was really desperate. He wanted to import a lot of plants because he was a specimen
 collector and he was desperate to bring back tea from the east and time and time again he failed
 to bring back any tea from the east. So he tried 20 different times to get a single tea plant
 from China where it wasn't the time. But what happened did he get half way through and then just
 thinking I could do with a broom? Well, they died on route. At the time as they were eaten by rats
 or mice, there was once a time where he had a student called Pierre Osbeck who had managed to
 source a tea plant and he got it all the way to the Cape of Good Hope, sailing all the way back from
 China and then there was a sudden whirlwind and it was blown overboard. Another one fell off
 ship when the ship blasted a ceremonial gun as it left the harbour, but right on the edge.
 Would it blow deck? What did he do? I know, I know. Why have they only got one specimen each time?
 I reckon like the 30th of 40th time, I would be like why don't we take two this time just in case?
 So the following assistant after the gun debacle, he was called Largestrum and he brought a plant
 back to Uppsala. He managed it, he made it, brought a plant back and then he merged over two years
 before finding out it was the wrong one. Was it because is this in China that he was taking the
 leaves from? Yeah, so it was that China had a stronghold over tea and they didn't want, that was the
 biggest, most dangerous thing to their economy for you to take that out and as a result of someone
 actually managing to smuggle it out and setting it up, that's what gave both to so much of how
 the West became powerful basically through tea. If I made that, I feel like you're looking at me like
 I was just, some more clarity wouldn't go on this. So I was looking at tea, so teas are very British
 thing, the breads have been very proud of their tea making their cons, they're addicted to tea
 basically, have been for a long time and to the extent that in war it's been really useful and
 every single tank, every single armored tank to this day has tea making facilities in it and
 this is because it caused a serious problem in the war, so in the Second World War just off the
 Normandy landings, there was a British battalion, a British tank battalion who had a couple of
 minutes to spare, so they did what all British troops did with a couple of minutes to spare,
 they popped out of their tanks, so they called a few spiders. And they tickled some spiders.
 Had a quick roll escape. And they made a tea and they made this tea and the enemy saw that they
 were doing that and they sort of destroyed them and their tanks. And so it became apparent that
 there needed to be tea making facilities within tanks and you couldn't put petrol and light fires
 in tanks to make tea. And so tanks were all equipped in their little funnel in the sort of chimney
 with proper tea making facilities that were designed for tanks, that used the electricity that the
 tank used and it was inside the turret and they are still used to this day and it was because the
 Brits needed to drink tea at all times. Wow, that's amazing. Even in tanks. We're going to have to move on
 shortly to our final fact. Can I just, I've got some stuff about milk and tea, so the way the Brits
 drink tea is with milk. And I wanted to know when that actually started and so the first person to
 recommend drinking tea with milk was a guy called Thomas Garway in 1670. So no one drunk tea with milk
 then most of the countries they don't. But he wrote a pamphlet called an exact description of the
 quality and virtues of leave tea, draw not for the satisfaction of persons of quality. And he gave
 a bunch of reasons why tea is a great thing to drink. So he said if you add milk to it, it avoids
 looseness in the bowels, which is quite good to know. I think he also said the good thing about
 tea is it prevents fevers by provoking a most gentle vomit. Tea was really weird then. He said it
 makes the body active and lusty. And he said that this is something that he learned from Japanese law
 that have been brought over. The best tea ought to be gathered by virgins. There are the only people
 who are qualified to gather the best tea, yes. You were saying about vomiting. The reason that we have
 tea in Britain is due to vomiting. And this is because when Charles II married Catherine
 of Braganza of Portugal, she brought the idea of tea over. It had been a few people that had it,
 but it wasn't really popular. And she came over to the UK on a boat and it was an extremely stormy
 crossing. And when she arrived, she was feeling really, really sick. So she asked for a cup of tea
 and everyone went, what the fuck's tea. And they didn't know what tea was. And so they gave her
 instead a glass of ale, which unsurprisingly did not make her feel better at all. And so she decided
 that we're going to have to have a lot more tea in the country and then it became much more popular
 effects of that. Oh, really? Just the fact? God imagine, if you weren't travelling and you got
 to the other end and they said, what the fuck's tea? You'd go back. Have you ever heard of America?
 I'm okay, it's time for our final fact of the show and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that many millipede researchers are annoyed that more than 70 years
 after World War II, the animals are still associated with the Nazis. It's certainly the first
 symbol I have in mind when I think Nazi. So this is true, apparently. A very early qualifier.
 Well, I was told this by a good friend, Erica McAllister, who works in the Natural History Museum.
 Why are they not the insects? Well, I googled it and apparently it comes from the dig for victory
 campaign. So do you remember during World War II, the people who were left home, they weren't tickling
 spiders and they weren't playing with the roller skates and stuff like that. They were making food at
 home so that we wouldn't run out of food. And so they sent a load of pamphlets around to everyone
 saying, this is what you have to do. This is how to plant sprouts and this is how to dig up potatoes.
 But it also said, this is what you have to do with pests. And they had a picture of a centipede
 and a picture of a millipede. And they said the centipede was a fast moving friend and the
 millipede was a slow moving enemy. And they showed you how to tell the difference between the two of
 them. And the millipede was holding a massive swastika. Right. And sorry, is that the main way you
 tell the difference even today? But the reason was that centipedes eat insects and millipedes eat
 plant matter. And so if you're making vegetables, what you don't want is insects that are going to
 eat the roots of your plants. But you do want centipedes that might eat the other pests. But in
 actual fact, millipedes mostly eat decaying or getting matter. They have very weak mouth so they
 can't really eat tubers and stuff like that. So it was completely ridiculous. I can't eat a tuba.
 So I'll play it here. Well, thank God we've resuscitated the reputation of the millipedes.
 Everyone thought was a fascist. Millipedes don't have a thousand legs.
 Sometimes researching the show is just horrible. They have 750 as the most they've ever had.
 There is a theory that one day there could be a millipede with a thousand legs. Why? How come?
 Because I believe that some of them develop extra legs that longer they live.
 Really? Yeah. Well, they all do. Millipedes all have legs for themselves as they're growing. So when
 they're born, they're born with about three pairs of legs. And it's kind of like they're adding
 to each other like they're Lego or something or like a conger line. They're constantly adding a new
 segment. They shed, they malt, and then they add a new segment with legs. So if they live forever,
 I guess they wouldn't. If they live forever, yes. Oh, a thousand years. A thousand years. Just like
 the third Reich was predicted to. More and more evidence as we look for it. Well, this is the
 really cool one. It's called Iliacme Plenipedes, which is the one with the most legs ever. It only
 lives in California under a particular boulder. I'm sorry. It lives in a very small four and a half
 square kilometres, not a boulder, four and a half square kilometres. It was found under a boulder. It
 was missing for 80 years. And then it was rediscovered. They should have just looked under the boulder.
 Should have looked in Argentina. It's too much. It's too much. But this is, oh, this is a really
 weird thing. The male of this species, Iliacme Plenipedes, or Plenipedes, it has converted two of
 its legs into sex organs, which is a thing that some animals can do. That's what
 millipedes tend to do. They're legs turn into penises. Yeah. During puberty. Imagine that. 13 years old,
 and what are your legs turns into a penis? That's a rough day at school, isn't it?
 You would hope to get it. And why aren't you doing PE today? Well,
 yeah, it sounds really dramatic actually. They're whole bodily makeup changes. This is the
 recent study that looked into what happens when they hit puberty. And it's usually on their fifth,
 sixth or seventh segment. Those legs turn into a gonopod, or gonopod. And that's basically a
 penis that clasps the female while they put sperm into her. And it involves the rearrangement
 of all their internal organs, basically. And it's an exhausting process in terms of energy consumption
 to turn your legs into a penis. And so some adolescent male millipedes go through reverse
 adolescence because they develop the penis legs. And then they're so exhausted. They're basically
 at starvation level because they've used so much energy. And so they go backwards again.
 They're like, "I'm knackered, I can't deal with this whole..." So wait, did they turn the leg
 penises back into legs? Yeah, they reverse adolescence. Wow. Imagine if Spider-Man was bitten by
 millipedes. This one's definitely not PG, guys. So, okay, well, Madagascar's giant pill millipedes,
 they have a music-making organ on their backside. The males is called a harp and the females is a
 washboard. And basically, it's like a load of ridges, but both sexes have a knob on their
 backside of the last pair of legs, which they rub across their backsides to make noises.
 So the female sounds a bit like a washboard and the male sounds like a skiffle group.
 Whereas a lot of them are deaf as well, tragically. So they make this music to seduce each other,
 but they can't hear. And so we don't really know what the point is.
 Maybe they're feeding the vibrations in their heads. Yeah, but they can't hear the beautiful
 skiffle music that's been created. It's very sad. You know, some of them have, this is just quite a
 cool thing. They have spiral stomachs to give themselves a larger surface area to digest food,
 because obviously they're very, very long. So if the food is going around a spiral, it gets maximum
 surface area. Very clever. Very clever. They give each other back massages. No. Yeah,
 this is actually how they seduce their mates, is they give the ladies a back massage. So
 the millipede's defense mechanism is to curl up into a ball, into a spiral. And sometimes if she
 hears a male coming, she thinks, or she's male coming, she thinks, "Oh, that's a threat." And so she
 curls up tightly. And to try and seduce her, he'll walk over her back until she relaxes her.
 Lower. Lower. Lower. Lower still. Got a long way to go. But that's not, to me, if you turn that
 into human terms, if you were seducing and you gave a back massage, you would go with hands.
 You wouldn't, anyone to get some massage, when you suddenly feel someone standing on your back,
 that's the thing. Like, there is some people like, my wife had a massage the other day. And she had
 people walking all over her back. Yeah, it's a thing. There you go. And imagine if those people
 had 750 legs, that would be a good massage. I'm going to get a call. A lot of them is a penis.
 You were never seeing them again. We're going to have to wrap up shortly. I've got one quick thing,
 which is that lemurs self-medicate using millipedes. This is really cool. So they get these
 infestations of threadworms, which are very nasty things, around their mouth and around their
 anuses, and they sort of crawl out, and then they lay their eggs in your skin around those two
 areas, threadworms. They're very unpleasant to get. So lemurs have a particular kind of
 millipede, which has a chemical defense mechanism inside it, and it can blind and poison predators,
 and it's quite strong. So the lemurs chew on the millipedes, and then they rub the remains around
 their mouths and around their anuses, and then they swallow them, and they're repels the threadworm.
 It's an awful moment for the millipede when it thinks, "Oh, this is a real low point in my life,
 I'm being used as lip balm." The animal does it know. The anus is coming.
 Okay, that is it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get in
 contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter account. I'm on @Sriberland. Andy. I'm @AndryHunterM. James.
 @JamesHarkin. And Shazinski. You can email podcast@QI.com. Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @nosuchthing, or you can go to our website. Nosuchthing is a fish.com. We have links to our
 upcoming tour of both the UK and of Europe. Thank you so much for listening. We'll be back again
 next week. We'll see you then. Goodbye!
