 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to
 you from the QI offices in Covert Garden. My name is Dan Shriver, I am sitting here with Anna
 Tyshinsky, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go!
 Starting with fact number one and that is Andy. My fact is that there's a theory that the Bronte
 sisters all died young because they spent a lot of their life drinking graveyard water.
 [Music]
 You said graveyard water as though we're all familiar with it. It's like spring water.
 You've all seen it on the shutters but still sparking.
 [Laughter]
 Yeah, well no, you're right. It's not a thing anymore but I think graveyard water was a much
 bigger thing in the 19th century before proper hygiene standards and before proper
 you know water piping. So this is water that has happened to go through a graveyard.
 It's filtered, yeah it's filtered. Whenever you buy a bottle of water and it says filtered,
 that's what it means. No, so they lived in this town called Howarth which is in West Yorkshire
 and it was an extremely sickly place. Very low life expectancy, excellent running down the streets.
 I mean, you know, bad ventilation. You said it was Yorkshire. Sorry, yeah, okay.
 And also the Bronte family home, the pass nearer to they lived in, right next to it had a graveyard
 and there there is a whoo-hoo and there it was very overcrowded as well and there is a strong
 theory or a strong suggestion it's possible that decomposing matter from the graveyard
 would have filtered into the water supply and that might have really bandjacked the town's
 overall health. Those who were using kind of public water sources. Yeah, it definitely would have gone
 into the village which is in like a valley. But yeah, and presumably there weren't taps back
 then so they must have been collecting water from somewhere. So they lived in the past niche and
 they had their own well. Yes, okay. And what I find really interesting is that the well was cleaned
 in 1847 and that was the first time it had been cleaned in 20 years and the father of the Bronte's
 wrote that they'd taken eight yellow tin cans out of it. That's how polluted it was. But it was in
 1848 and 1849 that Bramwell, Emily and Anne all died so the year afterwards. So the year after
 their well was out of use perhaps. Right. So maybe they stopped using the well for a bit and then
 they started using the more common water that everyone else was drinking and then that might
 have made them sick. Did they not think when they were drinking something that looked like Gatorade
 that maybe, maybe that wasn't going to be good for them. If it's the only thing you can drink. Yeah,
 really. What do you do? We actually say the Bronte's died young but you know they lived
 to ripe old ages by comparison. Did they? Well, I mean not really. They lived to 29, 30, 31 and
 39. Exactly. The average life expectancy obviously one has to account for the 40% of people who die
 in early childhood. But yeah, it was 25. And I reckon Charlotte at 38 would have seemed like
 an old hag by the time she copped it. But yeah, all the others did die pretty young except their
 dad who lived to 84 while all died. It was a very sickly place and the town was inspected in 1850
 by a man who was called Benjamin Herschel Babbage and his findings basically were that it was just
 an extremely unhealthy place. It was poorly ventilated. Some people were living in cellars.
 And it was their dad actually who got this guy in to check the water supply. So it was the year
 after three of his children had died and he said we need to do something about this. Do you think
 after the first child died he was like oh I must get this water checked and then the second kid
 dies he's like damn it I really must get this water check. Well the first one was Bramwell who
 died of alcoholism. Yes. Actually he had two daughters who died before that. So they had two
 daughters who died like 14, 15 didn't they which sounds very which is very sad. And they were in
 the school which was right at the bottom of the hill where the water definitely would have been
 pretty rank. But Bramwell died of alcoholism but the pub where he drank in is the first place you
 get to after if you look at the map it's house graveyard pub and apparently they used to make
 their beer out of the water. So is it possible then that we've maligned him and he didn't die of
 alcoholism. Well he definitely wasn't alcoholic as well. I think people do say that he might have
 died of TB and he was an alcoholic but you know he might have died of other stuff as well. So we
 might have unfairly maligned him. There was opium involved as well I think. It was a concoction
 of stuff. He wasn't living a very healthy life. I'd say that. But it's always said that alcoholism
 during you know not the graveyard order. Yeah I am with Dan here. I actually think that the
 Bramwell myth may have been you know taken to the extreme of like this killed him and actually
 I'm not sure we totally have evidence. But Babbage's report was funny. He was particularly appalled
 by the toilet setup in the village which was consisted of two toilets that were shared each
 by like 12 families. So they were out in the street and he was appalled by the public view of them
 which I don't think contributes to people's ill health. You might do. That people could see you
 while you're pooing. Yeah he basically said there's in fact he said there's two toilets that are just
 on the public street in view of the houses and of passes by whilst a third is perched upon an
 eminence commanding the whole length of the main street. Have you ever been like have you ever been
 to like a restaurant or something that's on the top of a really high building and then sometimes
 they put the toilet and they have pretty much a window because there's nothing else can look in
 and you can poo and look out over the whole city. No I've never seen that. I can't remember where I've
 been and done that but it's really it's something it's quite something. It sounds quite uncommon.
 You said it is though it might be a standard thing in high buildings but I'm not sure it's normal.
 No actually no my local Greg's has one of those. You could sit in Greg's and as an eminence over
 the whole of South London. So the the brontes in general they're putting them back together in a
 way. Pretty much so basically all the contents of the house were sold off after Patrick who's the
 father pop Bronte he died in 1861 and all the contents were sold off because you know you
 have a new person who comes in and the furniture changes. Because he was a was a curate vicar
 priestee guide not a priest because he has six children but the Bronte society they've been
 putting the house back together which is very exciting and they've been slowly slowly buying
 an auction various bits of Bronte paraphernalia so there was a table that they wrote at one
 kind of normal medium-sized darkwood table 580 000 pounds it's been bought.
 But did they all write on this table? I think a lot of them did. I don't know if any key works
 would definitely pinned on that table but it was the writing table. Do you think that's a big table?
 Yeah do you think like as a writer that you are and we all are really do you think that really now
 we should get actually quite a nice ornate table because in the future they're gonna look at it and
 go on that table from Ikea was like yeah what's the point of putting that in a museum? Exactly I
 like Terry Pratchett's table where he wrote most of his novels as soon as he passed away his assistant
 Rob put a glass plate over the table so that every single scuff mark every single you know mug
 wear and yeah it's there now for all time. It's a great idea. It's like chewing them underneath.
 Another really cool item I don't know if it was at auction that they had to buy it back or
 whether they just still have it but Charlotte Bronte was given a bit of Napoleon's coffin
 which is really cool. How did they get his coffin? He was dead. Oh yeah. Because he had about seven
 coffins I think Napoleon he was inside multiple layers. Like a Russian doll. Like a Russian doll
 yeah yeah he's there was a small coffin. It's quite awkward for Napoleon as a poor guy. Do you mean like
 a French pastry or something? Did you say Charlotte got Napoleon's coffin? Yeah yeah from her sexy
 Belgian tutor who she was in love with. Really? He was a married man so I don't think any impropriety
 ever occurred but she she loved him and they had quite a good friendship as well so yeah.
 Because she wasn't the big Napoleon fan this is the great thing about the Bronte is when they were
 younger they actually wrote more words than when they were adults because they wrote these amazing
 books together these fairy tales and they were they created worlds they created the world of
 angrier and gondol and I think this was based on some toy soldiers that
 Bramwell got given by their dad but they all played with them and they all claimed a soldier
 and Emily claimed Wellington and then Bramwell claimed Napoleon and they'd sort of like fight
 each other and stuff and then the other two claimed a gravy boy and a waiting boy but I think they
 upgraded them at some point to the Antarctic explorers Paris and Ross. A gravy boy? A gravy boy
 yeah. Again just like I said gravy had water like it was a thing. I don't think a gravy boy is a thing.
 You know in American football they have a water boy who brings on all of their drinks and stuff.
 But I do now yeah. Well gravy boy is the same in cricket. On your cucumber sandwiches. Yeah yeah
 she's bringing some gravy. Was she quite obsessed with Wellington, Emily? I don't know how obsessed
 she was. She probably was. I think she was and I think she met him later in life in like his late
 life. Napoleon was buried in a lot of coffins like a beef Wellington. Yeah, wasn't he? That's
 even worse. Doesn't make sense. Beef Wellington doesn't have multiple pastry layers. Puff pastry.
 I suppose it is it is layered. It's got a layer of mushrooms and stuff. Yeah he was covered in duck
 cells. Just on their on their writing as kids and the cool stuff that they had. I don't know if
 any of these remain but they wrote in tiny books sometimes. So some of their stories they wrote
 in books that were small enough for their dolls or their soldiers to read. Which sounds so cool.
 The writing is microscopic and I think there was one book that in fact we do have some of them because
 there are photos and they're about like the size of the thumb, human thumb really. We know there's
 one because actually the Bronte house has bought one of them back. Have they million pounds? The
 tiny book or the tiny book? I don't know. I have no idea how they're funding it. Oh actually I do
 know how they might be funding it because the actual Bronte's themselves were funded indirectly
 through piracy. So wait so Grandpa Bronte he was a trader but also he had plenty of dealings with
 Cornish pirates who committed actual murders and a lot of his money a lot of his estate would have
 come from his nefarious activities and the Bronte sisters paid for their novels to be published
 and they did a lot of that thanks to money they got from their aunt on that side of the family.
 So basically they were pirate funded. So you're saying that the current Bronte estate has some
 sort of treasure chest that they're still taking book liens out of. Where are they getting these
 millions from? They pay for anything in doubloons if you notice that for the auctions. I read an
 article about the Bronte society who run the museum. I don't know if it's the same people
 but apparently they made a loss last year of £100,000 and actually because not many people
 have been visiting I think possibly due to Covid they've been asking firms in the UK who use the
 name Bronte they're saying well you know okay fine you're allowed to use nothing we can do but
 can you not give us a bit of money for it. And Richard Wilcox who's the chairman of the Bronte
 society he said there are dozens of companies who are selling Bronte stone cooked chicken
 outdoor clothing. Have you never had a Bronte chicken? Bronte fried chicken it's lovely it's
 been uh how's it cooked it's sort of they leave it on a moor for three days. Yeah it's very moorish
 and also spring water and what I found is that there is Bronte water that you can buy from the
 springs in Howarth. No we've ruined their industry with this podcast. And I just want to kind of
 balance it out to say that they are part of a company called Waterlogic UK and they recently
 announced the world's first Covid secure range of drinking water dispensers. Okay actually weirdly
 the Bronte society themselves just on Bronte merch they do they sell a Branwell Bronte I think it's a
 wine bottle stopper or a corkscrew but given that he died of alcoholism. I wonder if they get a cut
 from all the companies then that are in this town where they grew up. Well that's what they're saying
 they don't and at the moment there's no legal reason that they should. Because they've really
 come for it haven't they like all the salons are like Jane Hare you know and stuff like just like
 I love that so Charlotte Bronte was a teacher and in 1836 she started writing about her
 experience as a teacher and she's just so mean to the students it's amazing there's one extract which
 says am I to spend all the best part of my life in this wretched bondage forcibly suppressing my
 rage at the idleness the apathy and the hyperbolical and most asinine stupidity of those fat-headed
 oats. Wow like she did not like her kids. Teachers listening to this are nodding as well right
 now. Is that Emily? That was Charlotte. Charlotte sorry sorry. I have a theory about Bramwell Bronte
 which is that he inspired a very famous film okay it's um to do with his okay no no I'm going to
 give you a clue first otherwise I don't think you'll get there. Did he want to stop someone and his
 mum shot someone? Yeah. Oh Jesus Christ okay you only know two films between you. Andy knows.
 It's Avatar. It's Avatar. So it's what yeah yeah. He was green. Yeah yeah. Lou. I was thinking of the Hulk.
 No so he um he basically had this affair we think um and this is partly based on the biography of
 Charlotte that was written by Mrs Gaskell very interestingly so Patrick the dad commissioned
 Mrs Gaskell to write. Who we should say Charlotte. Famous author, famous British author. Did she
 have a first name? Elizabeth but she always goes by Mrs. Bizarrely snobbish about that like when
 she wrote to George Elliott once she said um love love your stuff George but I wish I could be
 addressing a Mrs rather than a miss. Just a bit. Given that she was writing to someone trading under
 a man's name. Yeah. An insane thing to say. And also don't upset George Elliott because you're
 going to get a big right hand. She'll have that you and you will not come back from that.
 But anyway what we think is that Brownwell had an affair with this much older woman. He was 25
 and she was 43 and he was working as a governess not a governess. A governess. A governess. A
 tutor for her children. Mrs Doubtfire. Exactly. I really thought you were going to get it there.
 You know it. So she's called Lydia Robinson and that's Brownwell Bronte as the initials are BB
 and in the film the very famous film The Graduate obviously where Mrs Robinson is the older woman
 who seduces a younger man. It's Benjamin Braddock initials BB. Okay. And the author of the original
 book I don't think ever commented on whether it was inspired by that but it was a famous affair
 between an old woman. Charlotte had a superpower by the way. Oh yeah. She could see in the dark
 how cool is that. Well in the absolute pitch dark. Yeah basically I mean that was there's stories
 that she was short-sighted so short-sighted that if she was trying to even play piano she couldn't
 read the sheet music it was that it was that bad for her. But as soon as the lights went out as soon
 as it was night time her students said that she could read perfectly what was on the page
 when no one else could. Right. Okay. It's good fact. It's a great fact. Thank you. We don't
 acknowledge each other's facts that often on the show but a truly good one comes up I'm glad
 we did. It sounds like she was an inspiring teacher who you know. A lot of people said this.
 Taught her kids an imaginative story. No she could she could do. No. I think actually I do
 by that because I know that Anne the youngest of the sisters she could hear things over 300 miles
 away. She could bring metal to her. And then their green brother Bramwell only when he got angry
 destroy everything. Okay it is time for fact number two and that is James. Okay my fact this week
 is that if you swim too close to an iceberg you can get sucked in. Not in danger of it. Not one of
 my top worries I don't think. It's worth remembering you never know when you might find yourself in
 that situation Anna. You're right on Titanic too or something. So yeah how do they do that? Do they
 generate their own currents near them? They do not. In a way they generate their own currents.
 They're moving around a lot. They're changing a lot. Icebergs are melting all the time.
 Lots of changes inside an iceberg and I'm especially talking about very big ones and when
 things are moving around currents get formed and that's what happened. And I read this in I was
 basically going through some old archives of an NPR radio show called Only a Game and I found this
 article from 2001 about someone called Jill Hyneth and she is one of the most remarkable people I've
 ever come across in the 20 years I've done this job. She was the first person to swim inside of
 an iceberg. There was a massive one that carved off from Antarctica. It was about the size of Jamaica
 and she and her partner went to National Geographic and said we'd like to do this article about
 diving through the caves of icebergs and they said wow really there are caves in icebergs and
 they went we think so and sure enough they got some funding and they went and did it and the story
 of her going through this iceberg is remarkable. My wife's gone to swim in an iceberg the size of
 a Caribbean island. Jamaica? Yes. Extraordinarily she went up her own accord. Completely bizarre
 decision. Yeah it sounds absolutely incredible doesn't it and some quite dodgy moments in there.
 Every moment, every moment is dodgy in there. Yeah so first of all they are next to this massive
 iceberg and they jump into the water and the first thing that happens is you're jumping into
 ice cold water and I don't know I'm sure some of you might have done that before it really hits
 you hard and it can really take the breath out of you but in her case she said it's like an ice cream
 headache like the worst ice cream headache you've ever had is the first thing that you feel and then
 you go down and down and down and you see an entrance and you enter this iceberg and it's
 all blue like she says it's like a robin's egg the floor's red and orange and yellow all these
 amazing colors and then everything goes wrong. And so she and her partner they're swimming through it
 and after a while of taking lots of video footage they turn around to go back out
 but because it's a melting iceberg because it's a living beast that's just changing shape all the
 times their exit shuts and they're stuck inside the iceberg and she's going I'm trying not to
 panic because if I start breathing too heavily every breath I take is a precious breath. Every
 movie you make. Every movie you make. No one's watching her. So frightening. And so she they
 just wait they patiently wait and then a new opening happens it's like a weird mirror labyrinth
 you know like something you would see in a weird fantasy movie a new opening happens and they
 manage to get out and then they just have to wait a while to acclimatize don't they you can't just
 go straight back up so. And so the people on the boat are thinking well they're gone yeah because
 they've heard all these changes and this carving and bits have fallen off the people on the boat
 are like well that's the end of them then. Yeah but then they come back up they go up they tell
 their story it's all going nice you'd think that's enough we've explored it they go let's get back in
 there let's do it again so they go for a second time. Well what are the chances of that going
 wrong again? Exactly. I mean it's not going to happen twice is it? Yeah it sounded like even
 there was a scary moment at one point on this expedition when she resurfaced and the boat I
 think had drifted and she came up through a hole in the ice but the ice around her was so high she
 couldn't see anything and you're in the middle of the Antarctic and her boat disappeared and I
 think the boat just happened to swing around she just glimpsed the stern. It's because they had to
 take the anchor up and so it drifted while the anchor was up so they're nearly lost at sea basically
 in this moment so they get back on the boat and you think all right let's get back to home. Don't
 go back a third time. They go a third time they go a third time and this time they get stuck inside
 and in order to get out she basically got up to a point in the iceberg where there was a there
 was a gap at the top for them to climb out but it was 130 feet above their heads so you're looking
 at a climbing wall basically that's unclimbable except yes and I couldn't quite get it because
 she's out of the water by this time so she's just climbing up the iceberg. So she must be inside of
 the iceberg where there's a hole on the inside. It's like a triathlon kind of thing you know you
 do the swimming bit and then you do the climbing bit. When do you do the cycling bit? There's a
 bike at the top of the iceberg. But this is where the story genuinely turns a bit Brian blessedy
 for me because I just think this is impossible. So she climbs up 130 feet. But here's the thing
 right this is solid ice wall right so how do you climb ice wall and she thinks to herself hang on
 there's little animals that burrow themselves into the ice wall which are creating natural
 handholds for me to do and apparently there's enough of these that she could scale 130. So it's
 a little fish exactly the size of her finger which makes a little hole where it lives. The fish finger
 yeah well the finger fish yeah yeah yeah and they make holes in the ice bag and she can use them to
 grip onto and pull herself up. So she climbs up yeah I know it's blessed this is suddenly all the way up
 all the way 130 feet. The fish living 100 feet up on the iceberg. 130. How did they get up there?
 Who no I guess if the previous fish have gone up there. Icebergs flip over all the time.
 Yeah don't know do we think what has there been cracks in the iceberg? Oh there's some cracks in
 her story. And they all climb out this way 130 feet up and then they're back on the boat and
 then they slip down the iceberg. And so they're sitting on the boat not long afterwards I think
 they're having some drinks and some food and then suddenly they just hear screaming from other people
 on the boat and there's huge cracking noises and basically there's been such a melting point on
 the iceberg that it cracks in on itself and they go well if we were in there we'd be dead we'd be
 squished in a second so then they go back again no they don't. But what a story. Yeah it is quite
 quite an odd thing to choose to do with your life. You must have to have a very unusual
 personality not to panic in all of these circumstances like she did one other dive
 which she described and it was into a really really small cave so she's a cave diver
 basically so underwater cave diver and she was taking a scientist down there with her who obviously
 had been trained properly how to dive but the scientist got wedged in this tiny cave and panicked.
 Luckily a tiny fish came and nibbled her out. And it was a really nice story because earlier
 in the dive she had found that fish and it had a thorn in its fin yes and she pulled the thorn out
 and then the fish came back to help her. Yeah okay it's not a Bronte novel it's this is a real life.
 So she's wedged? She's wedged and they have a guideline which is the only way you can find your
 way back to the entrance of the cave because you know it's full of other channels and tunnels and
 stuff so you'll never find your way back otherwise. The guideline's broken which is the only thing to
 lead them back to the entrance somehow and I'm not quite sure how Jill does this while she's
 trying to fix the guideline she loses her partner who was previously wedged in a rock.
 Yeah seems careless a bit of an oversight so she spends 73 minutes desperately looking
 for her partner while trapped in this cave no idea if she's gonna escape. That's extraordinary.
 And also thinking oh god I've killed this scientist how awkward. But imagine the moment and maybe it's
 all worth it for this when finally she realized she has not only found her way to the entrance
 but she sees a little glimpse of light but there is wasting at the entrance the scientists who
 apparently her mask is just full of tears because the scientists assume that Jill's dead and she's
 probably gonna die too waiting at the entrance for her and that's amazing. She was all right and she
 said the weirdest thoughts go through your head like when she thought she was gonna die you think
 things like oh my god I have to get home then my husband doesn't know how to do the taxes.
 Wow that's an amazing story and also it's given me a new respect for the word guideline. Yeah
 you know we're so used to hearing about the conceptual guidelines the theoretical ones.
 Government guidelines suggest. Yeah exactly and actually guidelines can save your life.
 I was reading about what Heinearth studies in the other areas of life because loads of loads of
 cave diving particularly and have you guys heard of the Hallow Cline? No. So she studies animals
 which are often found beneath the Hallow Cline and the Hallow Cline is a boundary between fresh
 water which is higher up and salt water which is lower down and she says the boundary layer is as
 thin as a sheet of paper but you can also see it when you're in the cave when you dive. So as you
 go through it everything goes blurry for a second because you've broken the barrier between the two
 kinds of water. Like going through a mirror which takes you to a parallel universe. It's exactly
 like that it's exactly like that and then as soon as you get down to the salt water everything snaps
 back into perfect clarity of focus and you look up and you can see the Hallow Cline above you.
 But you meet the salt water version of yourself on the other side upside down. Yes yes yes and
 then you have to climb using fishy ice hulls downwards. Early cave divers. The first UK cave
 diver was in 1935 and potentially this is the first world cave dive. Quite late. That's what I
 thought right? I read in a few places this was the world's first cave diving and then a few others
 first UK. It happened at Wookie Hall and it was a lady called Penelope Powell and she did it with
 a guy called Graham Balkam. I think that yeah I think it is in the UK because you find lots of
 accounts of other people trying similar things around the world and usually you just attach a
 hose to yourself and go deep in but definitely in Britain and it's thought of as the birth of
 cave diving. Yeah it's like a proper sport basically. Yeah so Balkam actually tried going into a
 different cave first and he made his own massively long snorkel out of a hose pipe and a woman's
 bike frame and he almost died because that didn't work very well. So they upgraded their gear in
 fact when he went down with Penelope Mossy Powell as she was called but it was... Sorry sorry let's
 just go back to that a second. Penelope Powell her nickname was Mossy. Mossy? And is she a singer?
 Her nickname was the thirties. Mossy Powell wow. Do we know why she had the nickname? She had just
 hair on the southern side of her body. I'm not sure but I know that you would have gone along
 very well with me. Anyway they then at that point would have a hard hat and that would be attached
 to this hose called the Divers Umbilical which is a basically a combined breathing hose and phone
 so that you could communicate with the surface. So they went into a hole and they went you know
 many many chambers in a long way 170 foot they went in and the air pumps have to be manually
 operated at the surface so they were actually broadcasting on local radio. I don't know why
 they didn't make this national. Only local. We'll be right back with Wet Let Wet. You can tune in in
 the Cheddar Gorge area it was an exciting time. Anyway so they were broadcast but their air would
 only last about 50 seconds so they'd be saying it was Mosley Graham who did the talking to the
 surface and then about every 50 seconds he'd have to say actually could I get some more air please
 and then the people at the surface would have to pump air in. Just one more thing on the Wookie
 Hole expedition you can actually see a painting that was done 84 years after the actual event
 occurred and it was done by a guy who's called Philip Gray and he's an artist and he went down
 into the place where she went so he dove down with his with his painting equipment and a light
 and he did the painting down there it's the first of its kind. You have to explain how. So I'm guessing
 this is because it was a bit odd. I'm excited to hear your guesses. Do you know the actual answer?
 He went 19 feet down so either he went down and there's a cave system where he could pop up into
 a dry bit and he could illuminate it so he had everything let's say in a plastic bag as a block
 and then he painted the painting there put it put the painting in the bag and then came back up
 which I'm guessing must be the way. He definitely painted it there he didn't go down take a photo
 and then painted it. No he painted it down there. If you were to use water paints right but you use
 salt water and you're in the you're above the hallow client you're above the hallow client might it
 still work. Yeah yeah so I think it's gonna be pretty blurry painting. Is it possible the painting
 is just absolute dog shit? It looks pretty cool actually. I think it looks good. I'm sorry I'm sorry.
 I was looking at the world's deepest dive in scuba this is and it was by Ahmed Gabba in the Red Sea
 in 2014 and he went 1090 feet down the dive took 13 hours and 15 minutes. What? The thing is 13 hours
 50 minutes how much of that do you think he was going down? Oh not very much because you have to
 slowly come back up because otherwise you'd get the decompression stuff. So he was going back up
 for 10 hours of it. He went down for 15 minutes and then had to come back up for 13 hours and 35
 minutes. It's like when you're driving along the motorway and it's incredibly clear the way
 you're going and you can see the other side of the motorway. I'm only going down to the
 station I've got to come back through that. And obviously if he went quicker then he'd get the
 bends. He'd die. Do you know another thing that you can get from diving which isn't the bends and
 isn't as dangerous as the bends but is nitrogen narcosis which sounds actually quite fun. It's
 basically getting drunk and it's also known as the martini effect. Divers compare it to drinking
 one martini for every 10 meters that you descend after 30 meters. It doesn't really seem to cause
 much harm except to your judgement which can be a problem. Sorry so let's just work this out. So
 after 30 meters every 10 meters it's one martini. This guy went 332 meters. It's basically like he
 had 30 martinis. He was absolutely hammered. My limit is two. I think genuinely one of them
 gets me pretty too. How do you like your martinis Mr. Bub? Oh yeah. This is fine. Where's the fucking
 olive? Bubba looks at the empty jar of olives. It came with 33 olives. Wow. That's incredible.
 It is. So there is a way to get around it if you don't want to be completely pissed 300 meters
 underwater. Oh you drink a small glass of milk before you go down, don't you? That just helps.
 Big roast dinner and then pop down. No you use helium instead of nitrogen. So normally diving
 equipment, the gas that you have is oxygen and nitrogen combination and the the ratio depends
 on kind of what kind of dive you're doing but weirdly you can replace nitrogen with helium
 and apparently we can kind of breathe that okay as well. They don't quite know why this doesn't
 give you the narcosis but helium is less fat soluble and it seems like there's more soluble
 the gas the more drunk you'll get and so I guess it's pretty bad though if you're in trouble it's
 like oh boy oh boy oh boy could someone help me I'm really stuck I'm getting stuck dancing
 in this ice pack. Okay it is time for fact number three and that is my fact. My fact this week is
 that every cup of mint tea you drink contains the essence of a hundred insects. This is part of
 a study which was done by Trier University in Germany a guy called Henrik Krehenwinkel he's
 an ecological geneticist and basically what he was looking into is how can we monitor invasive
 pests how can we see if a insect is going endangered around the world one thought that came
 about is this new development which has been around for a bit now EDNA. We mentioned it years ago in
 our book of the year 2019 where we talked about a New Zealand scientist called Neil Gamble going to
 Loch Ness and trying to look for the dandruff of the Loch Ness monster. It's basically the idea is
 that you take a little scoop of something whether it's like water I guess tea in this case and then
 you look very very closely at all the molecules in it and you can find remnants of the DNA can't you
 of other stuff that once passed through the scene. And the E stands for environmental so it's things
 that have been in the area like you might have breathed on it and given some of your DNA to it
 or yeah exactly so one of the things that they thought they would test out is could you tell from
 taking a sample of tea from an area could you look through it with the EDNA method and work
 out how many different species have been landing on the plants peeing on the plants chewing on the
 plants doing whatever it is on the plants and if you could do that and you could get that information
 then you could look to let's say plants that are hidden in museums from the same area from years ago
 and you would be able to tell is there a decrease in the population is there an increase so clever
 you could look at other it's an interesting way of then looking at how pesticides can travel
 across the world on boats and so on and become a pest somewhere else you can then suddenly notice
 by testing tea leaves from say barley you'd be like hang on a second there's there's a sudden
 showing up of this invasive pest which they don't have here and they can get on top of it before
 it then takes over is it clever or is it lazy is it just a scientist saying I could go to barley
 or india and investigate this or I could pop to asda pick up some of these tips it could be both
 can't it often the clever thing to do is the lazy thing because you're saving resources very good
 point yeah but that but that is what literally they were doing they were popping to their local
 grocery stores and they were just buying teas from around the world I think it's what's amazing
 because they're Trier this university in Germany right that one of the reasons that this is such
 a good place to study this is that Trier has a specimen bank and the role of the specimen bank
 is just to collect leaves from different trees across Germany and they've been doing it for 35
 years they've been doing it for decades I'm not sure what their original justification is in my
 garden yeah they gave for a fee and they they freeze the leaves in liquid nitrogen so there's
 this German specimen bank which is just a load of leaves in liquid nitrogen I mean it's insane
 well and they've just gone we know this will come in handy one day and it has yeah it genuinely has
 it's unbelievable yeah the reason the tea is so useful is that if you technically from a herbarium
 you know it's a sort of samples of ancient plants that what they do is they keep leaves dark and dry
 basically to keep them in a kind of suspended animation and that is basically the same process
 as making tea because you're drying the leaves out you're shredding them up and you're just keeping
 them in kind of suspended animation in a teabag and so that it's perfect to test that as opposed to
 herbarium it's amazing and uh krem winkel this guy he says that straight elva hands christian
 anderson novel yeah he said little boy little girl come to my tea and pour him now he's following
 the trail of teabags I've left he said probably 99.999% or something like this of DNA which we extract
 is the tea DNA and only a tiny fraction of what's left is from insects and he says which of course
 is good for tea drinkers because they want to drink the tea and not the insects but he says
 that actually it's quite good to know that there's some tiny bits of arthropod DNA because that shows
 that they haven't used really loads and loads of pesticides yeah so that's kind of clever yeah and
 if you want to try it yourself contribute to his research he claims that you can dry your own plants
 now I don't know if he's actually accepting these specimens but he says if you want to dry your own
 plants and I thought this was quite cool you just need you can get like a ziploc bag sourced from
 some diver presumably and then you dry plants out by just popping in one of those weird silica
 packets that you get inside oh I always eat those that's really funny um EDNA oh yeah it floats in
 air you just take if you take an air sample there will be tiny tiny amounts of EDNA floating in it
 so like if someone comes into this room later today after we've gone home yeah and they took
 a jam jar of air they'd be able to get bits of our DNA pretty much yeah it's amazing it's amazing
 but this led me on to another fact and this was actually sent to us by a listener recently called
 Andrew Ferguson so thank you to Andrew for this and you might find this fact familiar but it's
 that on a windy day in San Francisco Zoo strands of giraffe semen can be found floating on the breeze
 yeah I remember that fact now that was posted on the qi boards by james 12 years ago
 and it's based on an interview with a zookeeper at San Francisco and I followed the link to the
 original interview with the zookeeper and it's no longer on the internet they'll have suppressed
 that like billy though won't they because that will not do ticket sales any good but I bet that's
 one of the facts that we must have posted a dozen times on the internet like that I've tried
 about it because it's amazing yeah and it's just taken a life of its own yeah if you test the air
 in a zoo yeah with a jam jar you can work out which animals are in the zoo by using e-dna
 what how useful how incredibly useful I'm always going to the zoo and not being able to tell which
 animals are there well you know for instance you could get go to a zoo get a jam jar get a load
 of air close the jam jar take the air away go to a pcr laboratory and then it will tell you
 they have giraffes there really interesting really as really useful for when the sign is down
 yeah the giraffe enclosure london zoo's actually done away with the guides now they just hand you
 a jam jar on arrival it would be an incredibly good kind of like crap alternate zoo it's just
 the jam jar zoo it's the cheapskate parents visit to the zoo you don't cross the barriers you just
 scoop it to the jar take it home with your kids and go look there's giraffes in here well um there
 are two studies that have found this one in Denmark and one in England but one interesting part about
 it is that you can not only tell which species are in the zoo but you can get DNA from the food
 that's fed to the animals so if you're feeding your giraffe like vole sausages then it would
 collect the DNA from the voles as well even though there aren't any voles in your zoo wow and then you
 can get the zoo I presume shut down because that feels like it breaches some rules doesn't it
 vol sausage that feels like it's an even better zoo now in the jar you know because you're getting
 more you're getting more animals than you yeah yeah yeah I don't think does anyone does anyone eat
 vole I've never there's not much meat on a vole I don't think no no it needs to be quite desperate
 Heston's probably done it yeah um have you got other edna stuff I don't know good stuff cool great
 I got some stuff about voles um there was an area of the UK where they used edna in the water
 and they found that there must be some water voles there by looking at the edna oh yeah and then a
 bit later they put a kind of video camera up and found that there was water voles there so it just
 shows that it works great okay that's what I thought you were gonna say it was just giraffes having a
 picnic I was looking at the relationships between tea and animals you know like tea pests and there's
 actually certain types of tea which rely on tea pests to be made there's the tea green leaf hopper
 which is one of the main attacks of the tea plant also has lots of other names it's called the tea
 jacid or smoke boy or jumping boy and actually you get special tea which um waits for the tea green
 leaf hopper to attack it because then tea releases these chemicals it releases very specific chemicals
 depending on what it knows is attacking it and the chemicals it releases when it's attacked by this
 creature actually make the tea taste quite nice so if you get it at the right time you get um for
 instance something called dong ding oolong um tea which actually I think it's pronounced tongue
 ting but I like the idea of changing the phrase ding dong yeah dong ding it's like you know what's
 he called leslie philips if leslie philips goes through that layer of salt water he goes dong ding
 have you need to know who leslie philips is if you don't know who leslie philips is then why are
 you listening to this we can help you yeah anyway brownie it tastes like honey google hq's gonna
 freak their nuts but they see the spike on leslie philips it's like you're on it's been a leslie philips
 event um the shot hole borough is a teapest shot hole I said um it's latin name is eulacea
 fornicatus oh dear do you know how it got the name fornicatus anyone can guess it was the only
 was the first specimen found in the act of having sex was it shagging the scientist as he discovered
 it no it's because the word fornicate means arch shaped doesn't really it does fornix in latin
 means arch and so it's nothing to do with fornication as you guys thought apart from that the word
 fornix also meant brothel because brothels were often found in vaults oh wow and that's why we
 get the word fornication that's so interesting so if you're not actually in a vault it doesn't
 count as fornicating I'm here in a legal loophole you're on it I present the flat roof
 which exonerates my client
 um one of the guys responsible for tea uh particularly asam tea was robert the bruce
 that's it yeah specifically a Scottish man called robert bruce oh come on sorry
 middle name there I don't know he's just robert bruce he was a Scottish man who was in India
 in the 1820s and um this story is quite boring actually no spiders involved no battles he does
 share a moderately common name with a great skudget hero but not the same but similar similar
 similar yeah great um I was really saved us all a minute of time actually no thank you yeah I
 appreciate it I was reading about ways that farmers try to avoid using pesticides and
 use nature or whatever they can in order to help their crops and uh one of the methods that's used
 is there's an army of ducks that people hire in order to eat all of the pests so quite famously
 in Cape Town in South Africa there's a wine estate where they employ around 2000 ducks that every
 morning they walk from their little duck homes all the way to um the the vineyard and the ducks
 spend a full day there uh just eating all of the worms and all of the why don't they keep the ducks
 next to the vineyard so they don't need to walk all the way from their duck well it's the cost of
 accommodation isn't it it's you know you can't you've got to commute sometimes and you want to
 separate work from personal life as well because yeah they get up at 7 a.m they all march as one uh
 to work at 10 30 uh they spend the day eating the snails and the pests um back home by 4 p.m
 10 30 till 4 yeah oh bloody hell I think they actually the bosses should be cracking the web
 a bit more well they back home by 4 they leave at 7 30 no no no they get up at 7 right they go to
 work at 10 30 they're back by 4 so they're knocking off at 2 30 I'd say but here's the thing as well
 so these are uh runner ducks and so what it means is that they've got great speed on them so if they
 see a snail going for a leaf they could get there before it does an ordinary duck there's no way it
 could catch a snail you need a special runner duck so here's the thing though they have to hire along
 with the ducks to come with them a bunch of geese who act as bodyguards to the ducks there oh my god
 because this is a cartoony oh this is something I've seen before this is this is the old woman
 who's wanted to fly some warped version of it who's guarding the geese the old woman who hired a duck
 what the fuck she hired a duck so the problem is is that the ducks get spooked really easily if
 they're eating the snails and so on let's say an owl comes by right the geese's job is to scare away
 the owls and all the other animals that come in that because apparently as soon as a duck sees an
 owl it just freaks out and they all go scattering and running away it causes chaos so yeah but here's
 the thing it's used for many different kinds of fields and farms uh but the one thing it's not
 used for is for tea leaves and it's because you have to pick something that the ducks themselves
 aren't going to want to eat and they apparently love tea leaves so I cannot believe the climax of
 this story is that tea is the one thing that does not involve this very convoluted process
 and the really interesting thing is this is nothing to do with what we're talking about
 it is this is a pest control but they can't use it for tea leaves you know what I saved us a minute
 earlier am I not talking about robert the roost oh my god no look it's a pest it's tangentially
 okay it is time for our final fact of the show and that is
 Anna my fact is that the first railway in greenland was built to transport a meteorite
 first and and one of the only I think lots of places say the only but James I think you might
 have found some other rogue railways in greenland oh yeah found all sorts so there'll be the green
 and railway section later but um this is a really interesting story which I found after some seriously
 in-depth research actually took me ages to get there but eventually on the back of an innocent
 smoothie bottle uh Hannah yeah why are we getting our facts from innocent smoothie bottles look I
 read this and I thought because Anna's clearly on a side hustle advertising deal with innocent
 smoothie I'm not saying that it's any better or worse than other smoothies but um it wasn't where
 the fact came from but it's it led me to it because it said in 1894 an explorer found a meteorite on
 the sensibly named meteorite island funny bit of humor from innocent um he decided to take it home
 because it's the biggest ever but weighing 58 tons it took three years and a new railway to get it back
 while it got there in the end this guy's story has taught us a lot mainly that it's better to stick to
 the lighter things in life innocent smoothies have 30 lighter on natural sugar this smoothie is a
 lot easier to carry home than a meteorite that's a shoehorn isn't it rock on that's a shoe oh it's
 an amazing fact that the brontes all died from drinking graveyard water what that reminds us
 are innocent is that actually life is not never ending and you should enjoy every second of it
 and why not enjoy the next few seconds by having this delicious innocent smoothie I thought it was
 one of the best crowbars I've ever seen have you tried actually have you tried the innocent um graveyard
 smoothie it's um it's an acquired taste a lot of body a lot of body anyways I thought that's what the
 hell are they talking about that's absolutely loopy um but then no looked looked into it and this was
 from an expedition in the 1890s into Greenland it was by the explorer Robert Peary and he was
 led by Inuit guides to a meteorite that people have been hearing about for almost a hundred years
 um but hadn't quite been able to track down so the Inuits knew where it was and used it a lot as
 I'm sure we'll talk about and other Europeans had got there tried to find it eventually he found it
 and the biggest piece which is called Anigito was so heavy that he had to construct kind of a
 little railroad by laying down lots of timber and then putting steel rail tracks I think it was sort
 of two mini bits because you had to build one bit of railroad road to sort of push it up the hill
 then they rolled it down the hill to the harbour and then once on the coastline then they had to
 build another railroad over a bridge that they constructed to get it onto the boat wow it's
 amazing he went to enormous lengths to steal this quite important aspect
 that's one way of looking at it yeah yeah and it's not a quick heist is it it's it's quite
 noticeable yeah he took all three I think yes I think are they still to this day at the American
 Museum of Natural History one of them is the biggest one is in the American Museum of Natural
 History yeah and there's tens of tons and this name means tent didn't doesn't it and then he took
 the other two slightly smaller ones called dog and woman yeah and um the people there they had
 hammer stones and they would chip off bits of the ore and that would allow them to put tips on
 their spears and that kind of thing it was the sole source of metal right in yeah yeah yeah
 but yeah he didn't he did steal it and um when he got back to New York um he made a lot of money
 off of it he sold it for $40,000 which is roughly 1.3 mil in today's money the equivalent but before
 he did that when the boat docked he'd set it up as like a circus thing where you would come and visit
 to see come see the meteorite and he would charge a quarter for every person it just looks like a
 rock yeah but it's more exciting than your jar of edna at the zoo but still it's a big rock but 20
 20,000 people went to see that and he charged them a quarter a piece to go and touch it or have a look
 at it and so that's about $5,000 at the time which again is about $150,000 so it became very rich
 off his stolen item when he sold them he was he was selling them to raise the money for another
 journey north that's what he was using the money for yeah he was desperate to get to the north pole
 really he was desperate to get to the north pole basically there were claims for a long time that
 peary was the first guy to get to the north pole yeah and those claims are not true he did not
 make it oh you're saying categorically how are you i'm i mean i am on your side here but yeah well
 okay um all right let's put it this way right his triumphant expedition to the north pole as we
 call it yeah uh was in 1909 and the evidence is as follows uh the only people who witnessed him are
 four iniquate people who were all sworn to secrecy and his man servant Matthew Henson
 his diary was inconsistent he didn't record the readings that would have proved where he got to
 he also was a 54 year old man with no toes uh due to frostbite he would have had to manage three
 times the average speed the expedition had achieved earlier on under less difficult conditions
 that record has never been equaled in the history of Arctic exploration he would have had to
 travel 70 miles a day no explorer has ever covered this ground over the same number of days um it
 it just he didn't get there if he had got there it's not even him who really did it was Matthew
 Henson who is his partner who is sort of got shunned from history and from that trip to the
 point where he was sort of seen as a man servant they were partners and they were he was an amazing
 explorer himself Matthew Henson it was because he was black that he was sort of not given the credit
 there's lots of thoughts about whether or not he got there but Wally Herbert is the British
 expedition leader who went there to try and use the calculations to see if he managed it
 he claims that he didn't but in the process of doing it Wally Herbert then claimed to be the
 first person to do it I think Wally Herbert is definitely a legit explorer whether or not his
 claim that period didn't make it is true or not is different I think I think he definitely made it
 but what's amazing is when you travel and you're trying to get to the north pole the problem is
 is that you're on a moving body of land aren't you the ice is just constantly moving so when
 Wally Herbert was trying to get there you would take a reading of where you were after an hour
 and suddenly you were eight kilometers further away than you were because of the way the ice was
 shifting but the thing is like he was what at the very end I remember reading he was something like
 was it like 130 meters from the north pole and he was kind of on his hands and knees
 but luckily some small fishes had made holes so what are the amazing things with Wally is that he
 I think they even passed it at one point and not realized like when they were having a sleep
 they sort of just they just like the the drift took them over yeah so they woke up and they
 realized that it was achievable to get to in the day so they sent a telegram to the queen
 saying your majesty we have got to the north pole and the first british to do it risky yeah
 if they haven't actually done that because they hadn't actually done it and the rest of the day
 became a chase to get there so that the telegram wasn't alive and they managed it but just they
 only just it's good to set yourself these challenges sometimes if you've got a deadline yeah I often
 say yes I've researched three of the four facts for this week's show that's all fine but it is in
 america it's very controversial because they you know what peary what peary got there in a lot of
 people's opinions and to say it opinions take out he didn't make well you're gonna be getting a lot
 of emails podcast at qi.com bring it on i'll be surprised if the emails make it to my inbox
 i imagine they'll stop about 70 miles short it was all kind of unedifying i think it was that real
 desperation for fame and glory and it was so competitive and like you say with henson henson
 probably if they did get there henson claimed to have got there first so henson went for a stroll
 i think when they're at what they thought was roughly the north pole and then henson came back
 this is according to henson's diaries henson came back and was like oh wow so cool i'm pretty sure
 i just wandered over to it and i was the first person to be sitting on top of the world what a dick
 move just gonna go for a quick uh well then so peary's like what a dick move and so he snuck off
 took two of the inuit guides of the four snuck off and found his own way to what was his own
 you sneak off in a completely speechless environment that's almost that's more impressive actually to
 find a way of sneaking there's one big tree just behind it peary doesn't seem like a great
 guy in a number of ways it's because i haven't got that from you that you think that so one of the
 other things he did and this this really is the truly shabby thing so he persuaded in 1897 which
 was his um that was the meteorite nicking uh trip uh heist um he persuaded six inuit people to
 return with him to america kind of so that they could be sort of put on stage as part of a lecture
 series um four of them died shortly after arriving uh of tb and the youngest one was called minnick and
 he was adopted by an american family minnick was given an american name he was named minnick peary
 wallace uh and several years later many years later he uh was at the american museum of natural
 history and he came across some bones in the ethnographic department which was his father's
 skeleton breaking which peary had simply sold to the museum as a kind of display piece minnick
 obviously wanted and fought very hard to have the skeletons returned for a ritual burial uh the
 museum refused and um peary eventually paid for minnick to go home but the family's skeletons
 weren't released and buried in green until 1993 yeah but did you see that they gave him a fake
 burial first yeah so when minnick came over uh and his father died and minnick said i need to
 bury him with the proper inuit rituals right um they gave him a bit massive log wearing sort of
 big furs disguised as his dad disguised as sort of shoved his head on i put yeah yeah they pretended
 it was his dad they were burying i guess maybe you don't get up too close um yeah so he thought he
 buried his dad and it was a few years later i think when he was like oh can i tell you about
 another railway on greenland because this is all going a bit dark yes yes yes good idea good idea
 there's basically a few that have been built and they're mostly like small ones just to transport
 fish from you know the fishing place to the place where people live they're not very big you know
 it's not like a huge railway going through the country but it's not a tiny one where like carriages
 for fish the fish sits in a tiny fish yeah it's not that um but there's a coal railway uh in
 greenland and it's on disco island which disco island is the second largest island in greenland
 after the main one and it's one of the hundred largest islands in the world but i'd never heard
 about until this week disco island can any of you guess yep how disco island got its name
 it's in greenland i mean this feels like another fornicans trap doesn't it i mean yeah disco it's
 completely circular it's shaped like a desk one theory the people there they'd do the macarena
 that's where we got the macarena yes that's not a common theory the also the macarena
 light bounces off the snow much like a disco ball very good not a theory uh rounded is a theory
 okay another one is that it's short for discovery island another one is that the mountains are
 quite flat on it so they look like desks desks but the most common is probably that it was named
 after a guy called marmaduke he was an english explorer and waila and that it was originally
 called duckies island oh then duck hose island and then dick hose island and then dusk goes island
 and eventually disco island wow okay so it's not the next magaloof if anyone's got it on a map
 the tickets i got one more fact on peri explorer robert peri brought vaseline to the north pole
 to protect his skin from chafing and his mechanical equipment from rusting oh yeah and i found this
 fact on a twitter site called at vaseline facts which is yeah which is a great handle unfortunately
 it only lasted for three tweets and you got the others um i got yeah but they're not really that
 interesting i so the word vaseline derives from the german word wasa water and the greek word
 allion yeah olive oil did they do the one about how in south america the movie grease was called
 vaseline oh they should have they should have but no they didn't they kind of just ran out after three
 in the only interaction that this twitter account at vaseline facts had was just one response to
 their tweets which after the one i just told you about um how it got its name uh someone just wrote
 back saying din ask and that was and that was from at fuck vaseline facts wow to be honest if i if i'd
 set up i think instead you got to reply from at fuck andrew hunterev i would have stopped immediately
 okay that's it that's all of our facts thank you so much for listening if you'd like to get in
 contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast we
 can be found on our twitter accounts i'm on at shriverland andy at andrew hunter m james at
 james harkin and anna you can email podcast at qi.com yep or you can go to our group account which
 is at no such thing or you can go to our website no such thing as a fish dot com all the previous
 episodes are up there there's links to our upcoming tour dates do check them out if we're coming to
 a city near you we'd love to see you also if you don't like the adverts that you heard over the
 course of this episode guess what there's a new option to get rid of them you can join clubfish
 either on the itunes player there's an option where you can subscribe to that or you can go
 to our new patreon page where as well as ad-free episodes we're going to have things like bonus
 content where we do extra shows where andy curates the mail bag all the interesting questions and
 facts that you've sent in will be answering that will be hidden in clubfish so do check it out it's
 going to be fun otherwise just keep listening here podcast will remain free we'll be back next week
 with another one of these we'll see you then goodbye
