 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Things as a Fish.
 I have three things to share with you very, very quickly before we start this week's
 show and I will give them to you in reverse order of how much you embrace capitalism.
 So first of all, if you go to nosuchthingsafish.com you will find that we have merch.
 We have a whole new range of merchandise.
 There is a tour book, which was originally only available on tour, it's got loads of
 stuff about the history of fish made lovingly by Alex Bell.
 There are pretty much the nerdiest t-shirts you've ever seen and there are pin badges.
 They can be bought separately.
 They can be bought in a big old bundle and they are the perfect Christmas present for
 the fish listener in your life or maybe just a Christmas present to yourself.
 Second up, well just a quick reminder about Club Fish.
 That is the secret members area of fish where you can get ad free episodes, you can get
 loads of bonus content such as compilations and quizzes and the mail bag.
 You can join our discord, there's all sorts of stuff up there and the way you get to that
 is again to go to nosuchthingasafish.com.
 Finally, if you go to nosuchthingasafish.com/ukrain then you'll get to a very special thing.
 We have teamed up with some of our friends in Kyiv and they have made a quiz which is
 based on facts from nosuchthingasafish.
 It's on an app called The Game, it's a really cool app, it's like a quiz based on this kind
 of slavic style of quizzing.
 The questions are really really fun and that is completely free.
 All that we ask is that at the end of it you at least consider giving some money to U24
 which is the main place for charitable donations in support of Ukraine to help rebuild the
 country.
 Okay, well that's it, three different things, buy some merch, join clubfish, do the quiz
 and help Ukraine if you can if you have any spare money.
 And if you want to do none of those things then worry not because the podcast which will
 always be free is coming up right after I say those magic words on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing As A Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covern Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and
 Anna Tyshinsky and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the 1986 ocean search to recover debris from the Challenger disaster
 also turned up 25 kilograms of cocaine, the value of which was enough to cover the $13
 million cost of the entire search operation.
 Wow, what a shame.
 It's which bit?
 Well no, the fact that they could have gotten that money and it would have paid for the
 whole thing but obviously you can't just go and sell your cocaine.
 Which is weird isn't it?
 You should be able to sell your cocaine.
 There should be like a government buyback program but for cocaine.
 Exactly.
 Because in the end they just burnt it right?
 So you could argue that this whole thing cost about $26 billion.
 So what this was is obviously the very tragic Challenger disaster.
 NASA sent a spaceship up in space, 73 seconds into its launch it explodes.
 That was January 1986.
 They then start the rescue mission to try and salvage any of the bits of the ship that
 they could find.
 The bit where it exploded over was just over Florida so the ocean patch that it landed
 in is a very garbage-y patched bit of ocean.
 So to find it was a very hard process because they were using sonar and when you use the
 sonar you're picking up on everything literally from garbage all the way through to shipwrecks
 and so on.
 So along the way they found the things they trawled up included marine batteries, trash
 cans, paint cans, there was half a torpedo, a refrigerator.
 It was like everything but the kitchen sink wasn't it?
 Well it was literally not because they found a kitchen sink as well.
 Is this just a clever way of getting someone to clear up the oceans without telling them
 they're clearing out the oceans?
 Like when you kind of put a pee on a bit of - how do you trick children to eat healthy
 food?
 You know you put a pee on a bit of chocolate or something.
 Yeah.
 You put a pee on a bit of chocolate.
 That's it.
 They did find a lot of cocaine in that area not just the Challenger search rescue mission.
 They found five identical duffel bags all of which had cocaine in over about a six-month
 period.
 Identical duffel bags?
 Yeah.
 So the NASA people they found the fifth one but there had been four previous duffel bags
 all full of cocaine that had been found in the area.
 It's quite a good way to hide cocaine I think in a duffel bag because I don't think people
 look in a duffel bag.
 Do you think?
 I've never said duffel bag that's many times in a short space of time but I think of duffel
 bags as being something quite innocuous, something quite as you take to school, you have a duffel
 bag.
 Yeah but I think if you watch like certainly British gangster movies like the Guy Ritchie
 kind of movies you can imagine them opening up a duffel bag.
 It's always in a duffel bag.
 I feel like that's your classic cocaine character.
 What's a duffel?
 What is duffel?
 Duffel is a town in Belgium.
 Is it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 I think it's a shoulder bag.
 Yeah.
 Oh a shoulder bag.
 I associate it with crime.
 Definitely.
 What are you thinking of?
 I think of duffel as a light blue cloth.
 Yeah, that's what I'm thinking as well.
 Oh okay, okay.
 Right.
 Well, yeah.
 But also I would argue that duffel bag doesn't get an exemption from when you walk in to
 say a building and they have security checks not to be opened.
 They normally wave you through.
 Excuse me sir, is that a duffel bag?
 But from the Belgian town, yeah, come on through, yeah that's fine.
 These five identical duffel bags full of cocaine, four of them, they managed to get the cocaine
 and they managed to destroy it.
 Can you guess what happened to the fifth amount of cocaine?
 So there's another duffel bag full of cocaine which they never destroyed.
 Went into a museum?
 The cocaine museum, yeah.
 Very good glass cases on those exhibits.
 The audio guide.
 Yes you're going through the cocaine museum now.
 Yes, if you look on your left hand side this is a really good exhibit.
 It went missing, it was put into a sixth duffel bag and smuggled out that way.
 No it was found by a party boat just off the coast of Florida and they found this massive
 bag of cocaine and thought they're not going to believe us if we take this back so they
 emptied all of the cocaine back into the sea and they took it off, 25 kilos as a party.
 And what happened to the duffel bags, do we know?
 Well I don't know.
 Often what would happen is they would sell them on, wouldn't they?
 The police or the Coast Guard would, if they find stuff and it's not illegal, they have
 like auctions and stuff so there might have been, if you'd have seen a lot of four identical
 duffel bags.
 Do you think, and if you got your head right in one and really sniffed away at the lining,
 you could definitely get a hit I'd imagine.
 Definitely.
 Do you think?
 It's not up, isn't it cocaine?
 I'm not an expert on drugs.
 I don't think you put it in the bag loose.
 No, that's fair.
 That is fair.
 Can I just quickly ask about the duffel bags, do we know if it was part of a shipwrecked
 or what?
 We don't know where they came from these duffel bags, presumably some kind of nefarious
 activity.
 Yeah.
 But we're not, no they were, that's kind of the mystery is where they came from.
 Right.
 What a great ad for duffel bags though.
 They're so resilient.
 It's podcast.
 Yeah, it is.
 I think you can just find them floating in the ocean.
 They might have survived the plane crash or a sunken ship.
 Well, we don't know what kind of state the cocaine was in, it might have been unsnortable.
 It could have been drenched.
 You know when you eat some crab meat sometimes and there's a tiny little bit of crab shell
 in, do you reckon it's the same with snorting cocaine?
 You're like, oh, there's a bit of shell in this.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I think it is, yeah.
 Duffel bags.
 I was looking up pharmaceutical things found on shipwrecks and I think I found maybe the
 oldest example of this being found, so this was discovered in 1990, not from 1990.
 These archaeologists found an ancient Greek shipwreck and there were pills on board that
 they were able to retrieve.
 Can you imagine that?
 Wow.
 I know.
 They were in a duffel bag that had been, obviously they weren't.
 But then the scientists were able to analyse them and we know what people were taking as
 medicine because we literally have surviving medicine from ancient Greece.
 So you have what they are?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Lots of different ingredients which were all sort of faintly vegetable or herbal.
 So celery, carrot, radish, wild onion, oak, cabbage and a few other things.
 And they were kind of, I think we've been able to tie them to recipes or medical manuals
 from the time that said, oh, this is good for lots of things.
 And these are kind of cure-all pills, basically.
 Lots of different ailments.
 That's incredible.
 How's that?
 Wow.
 It's basically a vitamin pill, right?
 Pretty much.
 You should have given them to Crabtree and Evelyn.
 Crabtree and Evelyn.
 Crabtree and Evelyn is that shop that sells, it's quite expensive.
 It's expensive, herbal stuff, which I'm sure is very useful for a lot of people.
 Sure.
 Do you guys don't know Crabtree and Evelyn?
 I'm afraid it hasn't hit Bolton, I don't think.
 I mean, there are just shops.
 There's one bit, about 10 yards from our office.
 Is there?
 Yeah, literally 10 yards from the office.
 Oh, is that not Holland and Barrett?
 Holland and Barrett.
 That's what I'm thinking of.
 Holland and Barrett.
 Crabtree and Evelyn.
 Crabtree and Evelyn.
 If you know who Crabtree and Evelyn are, then please write it.
 I think maybe Crabtree and Evelyn is another version of Holland and Barrett.
 I don't know.
 I feel like it sounds like two elderly detectives from a Richard Osmond novel, doesn't it?
 I really thought you guys looked like the idiots in that.
 Wow.
 Yeah, we weak herbal cures.
 So lots of shipwrecks that exist at the moment are being stolen.
 There's a thriving market in shipwreck theft, which I had never heard of before reading
 about this.
 So it's Matt, 40 second world warships that were sunk have already been partly or totally
 just removed from the ocean, and it's because they're incredibly valuable.
 Can you guess why?
 Yes.
 Okay, great.
 Let me tell you why.
 I read the article.
 So they contain something which we need today, like Euclia stuff, like uranium.
 Oh, you're so close.
 It's they're made of something that we need today.
 So they're made of iPhones, very forward thinking.
 No, they're made of steel, lots of them, but they're made of steel that was cast before
 the year 1945.
 When nuclear testing started, they're made of something called low background steel.
 And that's incredibly valuable.
 Scientists use it, don't they?
 Scientists need loads of it for medical equipment, Geiger counters, space sensors, and all steel
 that you make these days because it uses atmospheric air in the production is slightly
 radioactive.
 So this stuff is really valuable and also low radiation lead is used.
 And a few years ago, they used a 2000 year old shipwreck.
 The Italian Institute of Nuclear Physics used it.
 They cut it up to make a neutrino detector.
 And there's a bit of a hoohar about it at the time because, you know, it's sort of controversial
 and yeah, but it's worth 20 times as much as normal lead, low background lead.
 It's really and but there is one bit of good news, which is that this, you know, the steel
 is all steel today is radioactive.
 It's getting less radioactive because we're not doing as many nuclear tests anymore.
 Well, at least there's no danger of nuclear war in the next year or so.
 At the moment, at the time of recording, background radiation is decreasing.
 No, I've just thought, if you are a supervillain who just got a load of this iron, it's in
 your best interest to kind of start another nuclear war, isn't it?
 Because you want the value to increase.
 Yeah.
 That's terrible.
 That's a James Bond plot.
 It's a classic James Bond very convoluted way of making money as opposed to trading.
 I love it.
 But it is, I mean, it's hard getting stuff off ships.
 It's hard getting ships up like the salvage, the technology of salvage is so cool.
 They do.
 I was reading about when they salvaged the Costa Concordia member that sunk in the med
 in 2012 and they have armbands basically to get them back up to the surface.
 It's too late for armbands.
 It's kind of made of steel, probably stolen from some other sunk in ship.
 They're called Sponsons and they are these projections that they attach to the side of
 the ship.
 So you've got a ship on the floor of the ocean.
 It's on its side.
 First of all, you'll fill one Sponson with water and the other with air and so that will
 tip the ship upright as the air one lifts in the water.
 But the water one is weighed down and then you'll get rid of the water that's in the
 heavier one.
 So they've both got air in them and then that just floats it up to the surface like
 a pair of armbands.
 Pretty cool.
 It is quite cool and I think they did that to Costa Concordia I think and like USSR.
 Why did they do it to Costa, why didn't they just leave it?
 Yeah, good question.
 Like these things with the really expensive iron, I see why you would do that or if you
 had a galley with loads of gold coins.
 Yeah.
 It feels like Costa Concordia would just have, you know, like a pool table.
 I think it was on its, wasn't it poking out of the water?
 Yeah.
 It wasn't quite fully in.
 I think it wasn't fully submerged.
 I think it probably blocking other traffic and also useful for scrapers, I guess.
 But I think in those cases where you had court cases and so on, I think it's part of the
 working out the insurance and all that sort of stuff, isn't it?
 Did it definitely hit in the way it did?
 Let's look and see whether you have to look into that kind of stuff.
 I suppose that's what they were doing with Challenger, wasn't it?
 A lot of it.
 Yeah.
 It was like an investigation as much as trying to salvage anything.
 Yeah.
 Mentioning Challenger again very quickly.
 Big Bird was meant to be on Challenger.
 Oh yeah.
 The last minute thing that, well, it wasn't super last minute.
 It was...
 Quit still.
 Pause.
 Three, two, wait.
 Yeah.
 Three, ah, ah, ah, ah, two, ah, ah, ah, ah.
 Yeah, the actor was asked to go in and be part of the mission.
 Gosh.
 I think his name was Carol Spinney and he, and it was all going to go ahead, but then
 they realized that the Big Bird costume was way too big to get in there.
 And there's a very sad account, actually, of them at Sesame Street watching the Challenger
 go up and Carol Spinney going, "Oh, I was meant to be on that."
 And then the explosion and the sort of the realization.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Really, really horrible.
 Yeah.
 Something else that washes up that we've never mentioned on this show is feet.
 Human feet.
 And human feet.
 Okay.
 Yeah, I was just looking at weird stuff found in the ocean.
 Oh yeah.
 And I found out why.
 So do you remember this mystery it started about?
 Do we know why?
 We can speculate reliably.
 So they kept finding like, was it like just left feet or something?
 No, it wasn't.
 I think it was, it was basically feet overall.
 Okay.
 There was a while when a few left ones I found.
 There was shod feet, weren't they?
 Yeah.
 There was shod feet.
 Yes.
 Wearing a shoe.
 Usually used to refer to horses, but in Andy's case, apparently, to refer to the people.
 Where was this?
 Was this globally?
 They were rocking up on shorelines?
 No.
 This was the old thing.
 It was specifically in Canada, or Vancouver Island, in a place called the Salish Sea.
 So it's just like near the border with the U.S. And from 2007, over the course of 12
 years, 15 different feet within shoes washed up.
 And the shoes were all sneakers, except one shoe, which was a walking boot.
 That sounds irrelevant, but it's not.
 Oh.
 And everyone was, there were lots of theories, obviously, about who had been assassinated
 and had their feet chopped off.
 So this woman, Gail Anderson, who studies things like this, how things decompose, sank
 a bunch of dead pigs into the Salish Sea to see how they decompose.
 Were they shod?
 Yeah.
 They actually were not shod because that was something, because you can't fit a sneaker
 on a pig, I think, as the old saying goes.
 They've got trotters, though, which have a different, I imagine, float profile.
 Yeah.
 I think they do.
 So in an ideal world, she would have sunk a human body, but there are issues around
 that.
 So I would definitely give my consent for a weird experiment like that.
 I know me, too.
 If there was a use for an...
 I would say, orally, you just have.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 If there's any mad scientist listening.
 Whoever gets me first gets me for...
 Is that legally possible?
 I'm sure.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 Great.
 There should definitely be a thing you can check, donate my body to weird science.
 You can donate your body to science, but I need it to be...
 Specifically, yeah.
 Something.
 Yeah.
 Specifically, no such thing as a fish-worthy science.
 Anyway.
 Oh, yeah, trotters.
 Basically, the conclusion was that they get eaten by crustaceans pretty quickly, but
 in your ankles, you've got basically soft tissue like tendons, joints, ligaments, stuff
 like that.
 So they can eat through all of that.
 And because there's a trend in this area over the last 20 years for trainers, which have
 air bubbles in them.
 Like nike-airs and stuff.
 Nike-airs.
 They pop up to the surface and bob along to a beach.
 But the feet are remaining.
 The feet haven't been eaten.
 No, because that's what...
 I think they're probably skeleton feet inside the show at this point.
 I suppose, yeah.
 You kind of eat the ankle and then you kind of turn around to start eating the foot, but
 it's already floating away kind of thing.
 It's kind of amazing that crabs and lobsters also find it hard to get to the difficult
 bits of humans.
 Yeah.
 They should have a special human fork.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Wow.
 It's really crazy.
 Oh, I'm not ordering the human.
 No.
 I can't, no.
 I've just got a new shirt.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number two and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that chimps will help to break you out of prison, but only if they
 like you.
 So is it a good idea to befriend some chimps?
 Before the bank job.
 Before the bank job.
 Go straight from the sanctuary to...
 Yeah.
 I would say it depends if the prison you're aimed for is staffed by chimps, which very
 few are.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So I don't know how many practical benefits this is going to have for you, but this...
 I think I originally read this a while ago in a book called Mental Leaps by Keith Holyoke,
 which is really good, but it's about this specific chimp called Sarah on whom lots of
 experiments were done in the 80s.
 We might have mentioned her before and they were done by David and Anna Premack and they
 were trying to suss out basically the extent to which chimps have empathy and a theory
 of mind so they can understand that other beings are conscious beings just like them.
 And so they did this amazing experiment where they showed her videos of actors trapped in
 a cage and then they showed her pictures, like various grainy black and white pictures
 of various objects.
 So it would be like a key that could let her out of the cage, let the actor out of the
 cage and then a book and then a crowbar and then a poo or whatever.
 And I think you've made a mistake in describing this that you've included crowbar, which also
 can be used to get you out of prison.
 It should have been the key and then a lot of things that you can't use.
 And in fact, a book can help you on your journey out of prison through education.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 That is a more long form, isn't it?
 You're absolutely right.
 I've picked the one other object that would have confused the hell out of poor Sarah and
 Chimp.
 I got confused though.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I'm so sorry.
 Flingy poo at the guard.
 He's distracted.
 You're over the wall.
 Hey, you should be reading your book.
 Right.
 I'm just going to say they gave her a key.
 They showed her a picture of a key and then brought three other things that can't get
 you out of prison.
 Yeah.
 They showed her how to pick the picture of the key.
 So that was like, she knows that this actor wants to get out of prison and she's managed
 to match up this image, grainy image, and figure out that that's what the actor would
 want.
 Right.
 And then there were lots of other stuff as well.
 So they'd show actors trying to reach a banana that's just out of reach beyond the
 cage or trying to reach up to a banana that was on the ceiling and couldn't get to it.
 And they'd show her pictures of a ladder, a box, a jet pack, not a ladder, not a ladder.
 And then three other things that you can't do.
 Exactly.
 A ladder and then a pole to get a banana.
 Do they then give her the choice to help people?
 Yes.
 Okay.
 So, well, then they did the experiment with two different people, Keith, her favorite
 trainer.
 And in the study, it says, Bill, Brackett's fictitious name because I guess didn't want
 to be identified.
 Oh.
 Someone who she didn't like.
 And she would choose the good versions for Keith so she'd get him the banana by giving
 him the pole or let him out of prison, but for Bill, she chose bad outcomes for him.
 So there'd be pictures of, for instance, Bill, like, sprawled out, having tripped over
 the box isn't on the floor.
 And she'd pick that one for him because he wasn't a fan.
 What's Bill worried about?
 How interesting.
 What does he want?
 No one to know his name?
 I guess.
 Because chimps don't like it.
 It's embarrassing.
 If a chimp doesn't like him, what's he done to the chimp?
 Yeah.
 Oh, I see.
 Oh, there's an implication there.
 Yeah.
 I don't think we're...
 I guess he just doesn't like, what, his music taste?
 I think Bill's doing some dark stuff.
 Okay.
 There's no suggestion in the study that Bill did anything untoward.
 We should actually, if you're going to say stuff like that, then we should change his
 name again so that people don't know.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, Mark.
 And actually, I might change my name just so that they don't know it was me, so I'll
 be Gary.
 Wow.
 Anyway, it's just so incredible the mental leaps that they can make, understanding.
 This is a person.
 It's a person I like.
 I want to help them.
 I don't want to say it.
 I think they're smart.
 I think chimpanzees are pretty clever.
 Chimps.
 Yeah.
 It depends what you compare them to.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 If you compare them to Slavoj Zizek, they're not very smart.
 But if you compare them to me...
 If you compare them to Gary over here...
 But the one thing they do is they will...
 This is kind of, again, their friendship to enemy ratio.
 They have enemy lists.
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 And the article I read said, "This is why chimpanzees are like Richard Nixon, which I think is
 a bit unfair."
 So this is a scientist from the Max Planck Institute.
 They observed wild chimpanzees for thousands of hours in a row, right?
 Yeah.
 And what do chimpanzees spend lots of their time doing?
 Grooming each other.
 Grooming.
 Yeah.
 And it's a big thing.
 And it's a huge part of their social life as well.
 And basically, they have a very, very sophisticated mental map of who has groomed them recently,
 who they've groomed.
 And it's effectively who owes them a pint, you know, is that kind of social level.
 So they will be able to return the favor for someone who's groomed them.
 And they will freeze out other chimpanzees who haven't groomed them or who are selfish
 and never groom anyone else.
 And then do they break into their offices at the middle of the night and steal documents?
 So for example, if Dan groomed James on Monday, then on Thursday, James might groom Dan back.
 And the system works just fine.
 As in, it doesn't need to be the same day for it to be, you know, that's for like...
 I've slept three times, but I still remember it.
 Exactly.
 And like, Dan knows not to worry about it because he knows that you've got his back,
 basically.
 But, you know, if Dan grooms Anna on a Tuesday and there's nothing for the rest of the week
 and the week after that, Dan will remember and is not to be trusted with this thing.
 And, you know...
 I just like...
 He's a hairy man.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It doesn't feel...
 It's a normal work.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You're right.
 We've got a lot on.
 All gym research is so interesting and I was listening to actually show what the interview
 Jane Goodall recently and it's so interesting listening to her, obviously it's maybe the
 most famous chimp researcher ever, but when she started researching, she went to Tanzania,
 she was the first person who saw chimps using tools, I think, using sticks to catch insects.
 She got PhD at Cambridge based on that, but she got there and she was vilified and all
 the other academics said, "You're doing this completely wrong," because she wanted to look
 at chimp's personality and emotion and at the time, everyone else said, "That's really
 unscientific, it doesn't make any sense, you're humanising these chimps, they're just animals."
 Whereas she obviously was saying, "I've lived with these chimps, they're really similar
 to us, the only way to understand them is by trying to look at them through these lenses."
 Wow.
 So, yeah, she was...
 She was bitched about.
 So, she would give them names and the scientists would like, "You can't give them names, that
 is wild."
 Well, she was part of a group of three women who were put together by Louis Leakey, who
 was a paleoanthropologist and amazing character in this world.
 And he was the one who thought that they needed studying at different closer contact and so
 he wanted three women who he thought weren't necessarily even qualified for doing the job
 and he wanted them to be single and he wanted to send them out there.
 And so, he found Jane Goodall, he found Diane Fosse, and then there was a third one, unfortunately,
 whose name I can't remember, and they were known as the Trimates or Leakey's Angels and
 they would go out there.
 Leakey's Angels?
 Yeah.
 Why did they have to be single?
 Is that in case they fell in love with the chimps?
 I think he was a bit of a eccentric character.
 So, no, he was very much married, but he just had these eccentric ways.
 He sent her a letter saying, "You've got to have your appendix taken out before you
 go out there."
 She did it and then he wrote back saying, "Oh, I was joking about that."
 Oh, my God, that is a good prank.
 He wanted to test who had the commitment to go out there was the joke of it and then
 he said, "Oh, you actually did it?"
 No, no, it was a joke.
 He was just a jokey thing.
 But if he was testing the commitment, it sounds like, you know, if he hadn't done it, he might
 have been like, "You didn't pass the test."
 My theory is he was back working on that to be like, "Oh, yeah, no, I was testing your
 commitment."
 Jane Goodall, by the way, I have a Barbie of Jane Goodall, which is like my equivalent
 of Dan buying Ben Elton stuff.
 What does it come with?
 It comes with a little monkey, a little chimp, which is the David Greybeard chimp, which
 is the one who she first saw using a stick as a tool.
 You know, she properly believes a Bigfoot, like properly.
 And I saw her recently.
 Did you get this stuff out of these otherwise sane people?
 It's bizarre.
 There's this American program, which is called something like Bigfoot Uncovered or something.
 It looks really kind of amateur, and yet Jane Goodall sat down for a major interview with
 them and told all her anecdotal evidence that she believes that locals believe that it and
 so on.
 Did you not write a letter afterwards saying I was only joking about that, by the way?
 I would just get a scar.
 I would just get an appendectomy scar if someone asked me to do that.
 Smart.
 In most places where you're asked to have it removed, you probably do will have need
 to have had it removed.
 Yeah, most people aren't doing it for jokes, are they?
 No.
 How funny that little novelty scar is going to be when you're out in that isolated area.
 No doctors are there.
 Chimpanzees, they have their own theme tunes.
 I really like this.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Just like Richard Nixon did.
 They have, this is bizarre, they have these drum rhythms, male chimpanzees.
 When they're traveling, they will bash really loudly.
 They grab a big old tree root and they bash it against the surface of a tree and the specific
 male chimpanzees have their own specific tunes or rhythms that they bash out and it's to
 advertise their presence basically.
 There's a primatologist called Catherine Hobaita who found this out and basically they can
 decide whether they want to hang out with each other or not.
 It's a bit social media-ish.
 They're saying, I'm here.
 I don't want to hang out.
 I'm here.
 Sounds more sophisticated than social media, to be honest.
 But they also can be on incognito mode if they like and it's just not hitting the tree
 with the thing.
 Or you can steal someone's identity, couldn't you?
 You know, get your own blue tick now by imitating their own blue stick.
 Can I tell you guys about my favorite prison break of all time with the facts about breaking
 human's out of prison?
 This is a prisoner in South Korea who broke themselves out.
 His name was Choi Gatbok and this was in 2012.
 He was in jail for five days off the back of his arrest and he escaped by squeezing his
 entire body through the food slot.
 That is amazing.
 So when you're in prison, you see this on prison dramas, right?
 They come in with a tray with your food in, they open a little slot, they slide it under.
 It's about the size of a letter box.
 It's so tiny.
 So the slot was 5.9 inches tall, 17.5 inches wide.
 Come off it.
 And Choi Gatbok got through it.
 Is the story.
 That's impossible.
 It sounds impossible, right?
 Is it a middle part of his name Gap?
 It is.
 Yeah.
 He was known as the Korean Houdini and he's a yoga instructor.
 And the borrower.
 It seems too tiny, doesn't it?
 That's 15 centimetres from the top.
 That's nothing.
 As long as you can get your head up, you've got to get your head up.
 That's a lot more than five and a half inches what you just did there.
 I'm always saying that.
 But what are the bits, skull and hips, I guess, are the two challenge bits?
 Shoulders are tough as well.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 What's your head through?
 I think you might be okay.
 As long as you can rotate your body in the right way.
 Have you seen those guys in Covent Garden, just in that main square up there, who put
 their entire body through a tennis racket pole?
 Captain Frodo is a performer who I've seen do that on stage at a show called, I think
 it's called Le Cleak.
 Okay.
 And he does a 12-inch tennis racket, I think I've mentioned it before, and then a 10-inch
 racket.
 And also, you can move a tennis racket around, whereas a food slot in a prison in a cell wall
 stays in place.
 Exactly.
 It's incredible.
 Does he remove the strings?
 He does.
 He does.
 He does.
 There's a guy called Henry Box Brown.
 This was an enslaved American who got himself out of his slavery by asking someone to construct
 a wooden box and posting himself from Virginia to Pennsylvania.
 Amazing.
 Posting.
 Again, so he's one of those middle names where that's been added afterwards, right?
 It has, yeah.
 He was just called Henry Brown.
 Got it.
 And after he did the box.
 Actually, it was a bit later.
 On the box, it said, "Handle with care this side up."
 And the article I read about it said, "Several times the box was placed upside down and handled
 without care."
 Oh, no.
 It took him 27 hours, and he got to Philadelphia, and he posts himself to the Anti-Slavery Society
 in Philadelphia.
 Oh, my God.
 So he's free when he arrived.
 Awesome.
 And he then moved to Britain, and he had another career, which is related to this.
 Can you guess what it was?
 Postman.
 No.
 Postman.
 Um, removals.
 Uh, he made labels which said this way up, and he embossed them rigorously.
 Did he go on Telly?
 He didn't go on Telly.
 It was a bit before that.
 It was the 1860s.
 Um, oh, the 1860s.
 Yeah.
 Um.
 But you're close.
 There's a lot to do with packaging.
 Showbiz.
 Oh, so um...
 Was he an escape artist?
 He was an escape artist.
 Yeah.
 He became a guy who would escape from boxes.
 That's great.
 Tell his story and then do the escape.
 Cool.
 Wow.
 That's so cool.
 Um, have you guys heard of Michel Vajour, who's, um, he was someone who was in prison
 for bank robbery in Paris, and this was in 1986.
 And he got his wife to spend months and months learning to fly a helicopter so that she could
 rescue him.
 Um, so I say he got her, maybe she volunteered, I don't know how the letters went.
 James, your wife flies a helicopter.
 Yeah, she is.
 What are you planning?
 What are you planning?
 You think I made friends with that chimp?
 You're going to steal some steel, aren't you?
 You're going to steal some steel.
 I'm going to go into the chimp prison and my wife's going to fly me out.
 She's going to lower a duffel bag from a helicopter.
 I can't believe my entire scheme has been explained on this podcast.
 That might be, like, the most cool backs to different bits of the show anyone's ever
 done.
 That was lovely.
 So I opened a deed, spent months learning to fly a helicopter, did fly a helicopter,
 and picked him up from the roof of the prison.
 And the way he got onto the roof, which is the only thing that he needed to do, was by
 tricking the guards by painting some nectarines and making them look like grenades, which
 I don't know how you do.
 You've got to paint shadows on them.
 Oh, painted green.
 Yeah, green.
 I think, yeah, if you're under this...
 That's how far away you are, yeah.
 I thought you meant he'd painted nectarines onto the roof of the prison and said, "Oh,
 can I go pick those nectarines?"
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 Okay, and my fact this week is that in Tudor times, the guy in the crow's nest of a warship
 had to be really good at darts.
 Right.
 Okay, so, is the deck of the ship painted like a dartboard?
 Oh, yeah.
 And why is he throwing darts down at the people, his colleagues?
 Yeah, good point.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Is it, if you see another massive ship and you think there's no way we can win this,
 why not challenge them to a game of darts and stuff?
 Yeah?
 You have to accept, don't they?
 Under naval law.
 Yeah, yeah.
 No, it's not that.
 This is because there are things called fire arrows, and they were also known as darts of
 wildfire, and they were kept by the guy in the crow's nest, and you would launch them
 at the other ship and hopefully set fire to it when you're in battle.
 They were like...
 So bigger, these aren't darts that would be permitted in your local pub?
 They're not.
 They were a bit bigger than that.
 Right.
 They were more spear-sized than dart-sized, but they were called darts of wildfire, and
 I read this in, I reckon this is the book with the least encouraging title that I got
 the most facts from ever.
 It's called Darts in England 1900 to 1939 by Patrick Chaplin, but it's full of amazing
 facts, and I read it in there.
 Well, Chaplin was also straying way outside its brief, as in 1900 to 1939, these were
 not used in the First World War.
 No, no they weren't.
 He did give a little bit of exposition before he got to 1900.
 So yeah, a bit unfair for me to call them darts, possibly although they did call them
 darts.
 Also a bit unfair for me to call them crow's nests, because there was no crow's nests at
 the time either.
 The term crow's nest didn't exist in the 16th century, so they would have been called mass
 tops.
 And was it just a platform you put at the top of the name?
 Actually it was a little kind of barrel thing, but they just didn't call it that, and so
 they used these on the Merry Rose for instance, and if you go to the Merry Rose Museum, they
 say that their crow's nest there shouldn't technically be called that, it should be called
 a mass top.
 That's interesting.
 I assumed it was a really old term.
 I assumed it comes exactly from that period, you know, the golden age of sailor.
 You'd have thought so, but no.
 But there's, and I didn't even write his name down because I thought it was such a pointless
 or meaningless thing to invent, because there's always credited the guy who invented the crow's
 nest, and it is in the 19th century, and you'd think, well, crow's nest exists, what did
 he do?
 He gave them a name, didn't he?
 Excuse me, Anna, are you referring to William Scorseseania?
 I certainly am.
 Give him his rightful name.
 He's not alive to get pissed off.
 Let's talk about William Scorseseania.
 So he was a whaler and an Arctic explorer, and yeah, he's credited with developing the
 crow's nest or creating the thing, which was first properly called a crow's nest, and if
 you were up there, you were a barrel man, that was the thing.
 And he had a great family, so he had a son, William Scorseseania, who was also an explorer,
 and Scorseseania was one of the first people to scientifically record what snowflakes looked
 like.
 Cool.
 Yeah.
 He once called a polar bear and allegedly brought it to Whitby.
 I'm not completely sure that's true.
 No, from Whitby, weren't they, the Scorseseania.
 And the book, "Northern Lights" by Philip Pullman, there is a Texan explorer in that
 book called Lee Scorsbe, who is named after and inspired by William Scorsbe, so the name
 lives on.
 William Scorsbe's wife was called Lady Mary, and Lady was her first name, Mary was her
 surname, and because she was born on Lady Day, so they called her Lady Mary.
 Oh, and because they wanted to trick society into embracing them.
 Oh, maybe.
 She had married Lord Timothy Dexter.
 Yes.
 They could have been Lord and Lady.
 What was Lady Day, and does it still exist?
 Lady Day is a religious day for the Virgin Mary, and also they did a sculpture of a crow's
 nest in Whitby in 1994, but local historian Norman Nichols said, "It looked more like
 a margarine tub than a crow's nest, and even the bird on top is of an unknown species."
 Also, there are two men in the tub, whereas a crow's nest would only ever have one person,
 and one of the people's looking through binoculars and they weren't used on ships until the 20th
 century.
 That's a hell of a fact check on a statue.
 And the council said that it wasn't supposed to be accurate, it was just...
 That's a cop-out as well.
 The winning entry and the competition, and they just happened to put it in Whitby because
 it was near the sea.
 That was Dan's excuse for most podcasts, but it's not meant to be accurate.
 So I guess the upgrades that were done to the crow's nest in the 1800s were they had nooks
 or racks included, don't they, to accommodate your telescope, the very much 19th century
 binoculars, and signal flags, so you could signal down to the people on the deck to say
 there's a shark coming or whatever, and a speaking trumpet.
 So you could shout to your crew and you'd have a trumpet up there, and then often on
 deck the captain would have another trumpet to shout back.
 That's great.
 That's wonderful.
 And actually, apparently you had big painted arrows too, and I think painted so that they
 showed up so you could see them on deck.
 And this was for pointing at a whale if you're on a wailing expedition.
 What do you mean, sorry?
 Where were the arrows painted?
 I think that they were just painted a color, a bright color, so you'd make a long wail on
 the ship.
 Crow's nest.
 Oh.
 So you would hold an arrow, sorry.
 Sorry, you're holding an arrow.
 It's not a painter of an arrow.
 That's cool.
 Like someone who's trying to show you where there's a golf sail.
 Yeah.
 I just blank those people out.
 And those guys, no, but those guys, they all originally had worked on ships because they
 were better at pointing to things.
 According to Penn State website, Penn State University, and I don't think this is true,
 but it was on there, it said that the crow's nest used to actually contain a crow.
 Okay.
 And the navigator's because crows were used by, I know the Vikings use crows because if
 you let one go, it'll go to land.
 And so you can follow it to land.
 That was, that was a thing.
 I don't think that bit's true.
 I think they were named because crows, generally speaking, build their nest quite high up at
 the top of trees.
 Looks like a bird's nest.
 They look massive, don't they?
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Although there was a study in British Columbia that found 45% of crow's nests are built on
 the ground.
 Why?
 Because there's only a few myths there.
 So really all the chips crows nest should have been just on the...
 45% of them should have been crows.
 That's great.
 And you wouldn't need the trumpet.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The Titanic had a crow's nest.
 Did it?
 And it was, it was tragically, it wasn't properly functional on the night the ship hit the iceberg.
 Right.
 So there were two lookouts, official lookouts on the Titanic.
 They were called Frederick Fleet and Reginald Lee.
 And this actually might be the whole cause of the Titanic sinking to a degree.
 So the ship's second officer was a guy called David Blair, right?
 And he was only on board from Belfast, where, you know, launched to Southampton.
 Yeah.
 And then it was going Southampton to New York.
 Yeah.
 But he got off at Southampton.
 Okay.
 And when he got off the ship, he took with him a small key and the key opened the cabinet
 in the crow's nest, which contained the binoculars and the telescope.
 So the lookouts decided, shall we break open this lock?
 No.
 They just, they were just relying on the naked eye.
 Yeah.
 And they, and Frederick Fleet survived the sinking and he went to, you know, the hearings
 afterwards and at the hearings, he said, yeah, it would have been very useful to have the
 binoculars or the telescope.
 And we might have been able to get out of the way.
 And that key has survived, though, because Blair, who had got off the ship, kept it as
 a souvenir, memento, whatever.
 Really?
 Chips now use it to break people.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was auctioned off in 2007.
 I think they got that wrong in Titanic.
 I've got a real vision in Titanic of the lookout looking through a telescope.
 So, James Cameron, take a look, maybe go back into an edit.
 I've got a lot of darts.
 Oh, let's talk about that.
 Darts stuff.
 This, the guy that you got this fact from, James, Patrick Chaplin, has a fantastic website
 where he goes heavily into the world of darts, learned so much from him.
 One interesting thing that he pointed out is there's a conception that darts became
 a big game in this country when a man called Bigfoot was able to say, well, no, but this
 is real.
 This is a real Bigfoot.
 But how do you find it?
 William Bigfoot Anakin in 1908, courts in Leeds were saying that darts is gambling because
 it's simply just throwing it as a gamble on where it's completely random where it lands.
 And in order to prove that that wasn't the case, Bigfoot was brought into court and he
 was asked to throw specific three double twenties, which he managed to do.
 And in doing so, showed it was a game of skill and that meant, ah, okay, this is a sport,
 therefore you are allowed to bet on it.
 This in the history of darting is often presented as it changed it for the whole country.
 The seminal moment, the truth is it was more localized and it helped in a very specific
 case.
 In Leeds.
 In Leeds, exactly.
 So there, this story, we're not sure if it's true or not.
 So William Anakin's grandson says it is true, but all the magistrate records from Leeds
 from 1908 are missing.
 Yeah.
 Suspicious.
 Suspicious.
 They've been spotted halfway up the Himalayas actually, but it's never been confirmed whether
 they were really...
 There's a blurry document, but you can't quite make out the words on it.
 The story is that they just told him what to hit and perhaps it was twenties and stuff
 like that, but then everyone else in the court would shout out a number and then he'd have
 to hit that.
 So someone goes seven and then he'd hit the seven and someone shout out nine and he hit
 the nine.
 That's a great story.
 I like that.
 There was a study done about what you should aim for in darts.
 It was done, it was published in the Royal Statistical Society Journal and basically it was saying
 you should only aim for treble twenty if you're a very skilled player because if you are not
 a skilled player and you aim for treble twenty you'll average ten point two points per throw
 and if you throw totally randomly you'll average twelve point eight points per throw.
 So you'll actually do less well than average because on the either side of triple twenty
 there's a five and a one, so you risk getting low scores.
 But that's a very unambitious way of thinking about darts.
 It implies that no one can ever improve from the low base and just like, unless you're
 a natural savol, you just play for your twelve.
 It just says why don't you try and improve on the baby slope down here with, you know,
 the nineteen which has less dangerous numbers around it.
 I was reading about what a sort of man sport it was, you know, women weren't allowed to
 compete with the men in their competitions as well as there wasn't really a women's
 body for it for a very long time and there was a big moment for women's darts and it's
 all down to the Queen Mother because the Queen Mother went and played with the King at the
 time a game of darts and she beat him and she was standing a foot closer to the dark
 board but she beat him twenty one by nineteen and afterwards there were headlines around
 the country.
 Sorry, she beat him twenty one by nineteen.
 They both threw three darts.
 I see.
 And this was in the thirties, we should say, in the 1930s and and so the headlines everywhere
 women flock to follow the Queen's lead at darts and there was this moment where it looked
 quite cool because it meant that women and men were playing together, different classes
 were playing together.
 It sort of transcended everything and then Bloody World War two broke out and and that
 sort of put a stop to things for a while.
 People stopped playing darts and then they forgot about this these Halcyon days of when
 everyone came together to play darts because I think darts playing tripled after the Queen
 Mother played it for a while.
 But then but you say, you know, women didn't used to be able to compete against men.
 But I mean, in almost no sports can women compete against men.
 And actually darts is one of the very few where they can now is the most famous female
 darts player.
 Has she just won a tournament couple of years ago, she played in the world championships
 and she beat a couple of men and she played in the men specifically the men's.
 So she entered as a woman into the men's championship.
 And she she says she gets a lot of shit from the female league because they feel like she's
 not taking their league seriously.
 I read an interview with her recently where she said you can understand that.
 I think that's a complicated issue.
 Lisa Ashton as well from Bolton, I should mention her who's the best female darts player.
 One interesting thing that could happen to the darts player and this is something that
 has been observed in the older generations of professional darts.
 It's called dartitis.
 Yeah.
 That's really bad.
 Dartitis is a motor neurone disease without any explanation.
 Some people have described it as sort of the yips.
 You just it's the yips for that.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And you basically start throwing, but your brain won't let you let go of the dart.
 And you just have this kind of mental barrier that stops you from being able to throw a
 dart.
 It's terrifying.
 And darts players are terrified of it, I think the yips is the same as choking.
 Right?
 No, the yips is actually the same.
 So if you're in golf at least, this is the yips.
 So if you need to hit a very short putt, so the ball into the hole, your brain just won't
 let you push the club through the ball.
 You'll kind of get close to it and you'll just kind of freeze up.
 And yeah, it's all.
 And how common is this?
 Does this happen to people sporadically?
 Or is it if you've got it, you've got it?
 No, you can't.
 So Eric Bristo, who is seen, I mean, James, you know darts more, but he's basically seen
 as one of the greatest if not the greatest.
 One of the greatest.
 Yeah, one of the.
 Great for darts and he got it on his fifth world championship.
 So he had he had dartitis and he managed to get himself out of it and he went back to
 number one in the world.
 But he says he had it.
 He definitely had it.
 Yeah.
 It's amazing.
 Sid Waddell, who was a very famous, brilliant darts commentator, famously said of Eric Bristo.
 When Alexander the Great was 33, he cried salt tears because there were no more worlds
 to conquer.
 Eric Bristo is only 27.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is there is a 50 percent chance that you have a caterpillar in your mouth.
 What are you talking to?
 So it's everyone.
 You're not addressing.
 I thought you were looking at me and I thought maybe no, no, no, no, it's not it's not a judge
 personal judgment.
 Absolutely.
 You know, it's not a personal hygiene thing.
 As far as I'm aware, is that why sometimes the butterfly will eventually fly out of my
 mouth?
 That's right.
 So these caterpillars, they are bacterial caterpillars.
 So they are multicellular bacteria, which are all in the line, so they look like caterpillars.
 That's why they've got their name.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 And this is from a trick.
 It's a trick.
 It's a brilliant website called Small Things Considered and Jennifer Fraser wrote an article
 about it.
 I read it recently.
 It was featured on a website called The Browser, which I read, which I love.
 And these are these bacterial caterpillars.
 They cling onto the inside of your cheek and they eat you.
 You are the food and they just live inside your mouth and about half of people have them.
 And they're a family of microbes, which are so hard to pronounce.
 I'm going to have a go at it.
 It's nice, siriaceae.
 To see you.
 Nice siriaceae.
 Nice.
 There we go.
 Yeah.
 And they've evolved to live in our oral cavity or our mouth, as the common saying has it.
 The most famous member of the nice siriaceae family is nice siriaceae gonorrheaae.
 Oh, not so nice siriaceae.
 So gonorrheaae is part of this family of bacteria.
 But they named after a guy called Albert Neisser, who is a German physician.
 And he was the one who the gonorrhea bacteria was named after.
 He did discover it.
 But yeah, it's not the greatest thing.
 He also co-discovered the causative agent of leprosy as well.
 Wow.
 It's called, the other guy was Hanson, I think.
 It's called Hanson's disease now, but he was the other guy who found that.
 Two really palatable and attractive things.
 I know.
 But was there ever a Mr. gonorrhea or was that part of the...
 Gonorrhea means something out, rhea means like shooting out like diarrhea, doesn't it?
 And I can't remember what gonorr means, but yeah, it means something else.
 But the other thing about Neisser, again, not a very nice thing, he did some quite unethical
 clinical trials on syphilis, putting it into patients in the 1890s.
 And because he did that, the universal rule regarding human experiments and the ethical
 rules that we have now on human experiments came in because of his experiments he did
 that.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So we've got about, according to a study I read, 700 different species of bacteria in
 our mouth.
 Absolutely.
 Any given type.
 A caterpillar, maybe one of them.
 And some of them stick to their own patch of mouth.
 Your mouth roof bacteria will be very different to your cheek bacteria, for example.
 It's amazing, isn't it?
 And yeah, they just live on different continents within your face, it's pretty amazing.
 And also our mouth microbiome, our oral microbiome, is like our gut microbiome, right?
 There's lots of talk about the gut microbiome, how everyone has their unique collection of
 bacteria, colony of bacteria, and that helps you digest food and your immune system, etc.
 But similarly in your mouth, you've got your unique oral microbiome, and it started building
 up basically from the moment you were born, and it doesn't change that much.
 So you'd think when you eat kind of food with certain bacteria in it, or when you put your
 fingers in your mouth, or you don't wash your hands for ages, you'd think that you're
 introducing new colonies, but they're just fought out because basically at birth you've
 started forming this thing, and in fact in the womb, I found this really amazing, if
 your mother had gum disease, or was a smoker, you are more likely to be born with pathogens
 in your mouth that dispose you to cavities and stuff.
 It's really interesting, isn't it?
 They found that quite recently, because they thought that the first bacteria inside a baby
 would have probably come vaginally, like as they came out, basically they thought a baby
 would be quite sterile, but as they came out, they would pick up all of the bacteria and
 stuff, but it turns out that the baby's already getting bacteria from the mother's mouth,
 and somehow it's going from the mother's mouth down through placentally into the baby.
 Incredible.
 We're not quite sure how it happens, but because we know that the same species from one place
 and the other, we know that's how it's coming.
 That's incredible.
 And into the baby's mouth, because it ends up, because these are bacteria that belong
 in the mouth, so they find their way.
 How do you find it?
 It is incredible.
 The thing that you said, Dan, about how different species live in different parts of your mouth,
 they found that quite recently in a study where they had these fluorescent things, like
 little tag markers that they put on different types of bacteria.
 So if it was a gonorrhea bacteria, it would be blue, and if it was a stefacoccus, it'd
 be red or whatever, and they took them all out and then saw what they were, and they
 gave them different names because they saw patterns.
 So you would have the caterpillar in your mouth, but you might also have a hedgehog,
 a corn cob, or a cauliflower, and these are different types of bacterial colonies.
 So all four of us here, the bacteria on our tongues are more similar to each other, aren't
 they, than the bacteria on our own teeth?
 Because we make out so much.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 That's exactly it.
 It's how we keep this vibe between us and we wrap our teeth.
 It's a pretty show-maker.
 But if you kiss someone, your tongues will be chatting to each other, but they are more
 similar than your own tongue will be with your gums.
 So romantic.
 Oh, you're kidding.
 Yeah.
 Maybe our tongues could chat to each other.
 Sounds quite French, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 Do you know what?
 Eating sweets.
 Oh, yeah.
 Kids listening.
 And adults.
 That's allowed.
 Yeah.
 And adults, yeah.
 So I'll patch kids, Andy.
 Love 'em.
 But as an adult, you can eat whatever sweets you like, whereas as a kid, your parents often
 say, "Don't, you'll get holes in your teeth."
 Yeah.
 It doesn't cause cavities.
 What?
 Are you sure?
 Yeah.
 Well.
 I have to count this.
 Wait, wait for the backtrack.
 So basically, the way the cavities are formed are when bacteria living in our mouth digest
 things that we eat, and then when they digest them, they excrete acidity, makes them very
 acidic, and it's the acidity which rots away at your teeth.
 And some bacteria do like carbohydrates, but they don't prefer a sweet to an apple or
 some grain.
 I don't think there's a connection between eating loads of quality street or whatever.
 But it is true that children are likely to snack on sweets, then some grain, as in...
 I'm sure you were very popular in the playground, Anna.
 Anna's there at the pick-and-mix.
 Oh, you know, maybe some book wheat would be nice.
 I was a very advanced child.
 Yeah.
 Look, that's a good point.
 But I think also the problem is that if you were to eat, like, let's say peanuts or bread
 or something, that's more like to get stuck in your teeth, whereas the sugar tends to just
 disappear away.
 Just a doll, doesn't it?
 It goes on your throat.
 So it would be quite a good advertising campaign to say, you know, if people are trying to
 not get cavities in their teeth, bacteria are trying to have a poo in your mouth and
 don't let them, you know, only let them do it at mealtimes.
 Yeah, that's nice.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 That would be a motivational postcard.
 Maybe a character.
 You'd have like a bacterial character.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Goes into schools, you know, a giant bacteria does a poo on the floor.
 Don't let me do this in your mouth.
 And then it burns a hole in the floor.
 Yeah.
 I think this could be a good spinoff business for us.
 I had a half my tooth fell out the other night in bed and I stopped shooting on the bed post.
 Just so you know that.
 That's the side.
 The end is very dear.
 I know.
 I know.
 I'm going to be a 38 year old man and my son, five years old, did our reaction because
 I went, oh my God, I'm crumbling.
 This is it.
 My son, grab me, went, dad, you're so lucky.
 Put that under the pillow and you're going to make tons of money by the morning.
 But yeah, it just disappeared and I've been eating a lot of sweets because Halloween,
 we got a huge hoard off the back of the trick of treating that we did.
 I think there's a correlation causation thing here.
 Yeah.
 Must be right.
 So half your tooth fell out.
 Yeah, just fell out.
 Yeah.
 So you've only got half a tooth now.
 Yeah, it's still the breast.
 Are you serious?
 Yeah, I'm not joking.
 I feel like you're overly concerned here, Andy.
 I feel like Dan needs quite urgent attention.
 I feel like you're utterly concerned.
 I have to say, because I've only got half a tooth at the back of my mouth because of
 some dental work that I never got finished because it was coming too expensive and I
 said to the dentist, it's only the back half of my tooth that I have for all the roots
 are a little bit exposed.
 And I said, if hypothetically I didn't come back and pay for you to put the crown on top
 of this, would it be bad?
 And the dentist said to me, look, if you were an 85 year old woman, I'd say it doesn't
 matter.
 But for a younger person, you probably want that tooth at some point in your life.
 So if you do feel like the end is nigh, it's probably not worth getting it done.
 Yeah.
 So that's something to reassure you.
 You're saying I should leave it?
 Leave it.
 I mean, Anna, that's like, I remember when I was younger, being in a cab and not having
 much money and saying, and just, you know, you say to the cabbie, can you let me off
 here?
 This is great.
 You're a mile short of your destination.
 Yeah.
 It takes up the cash you got.
 That's what I've done.
 I've done an infected wisdom tooth at the moment, while I've taken antibiotics, it's
 just about getting better.
 But I'm thinking the way that Andy's looking at all three of us at the moment, I think
 our make-out sessions might not be happening anymore.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said, you
 can find us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Garry.
 I'm not @Shrivaland.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @JamesHarkin.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @JamesHarkin.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @JamesHarkin.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
 I'm on @AndrewHunterM.
