 Hey everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Fish Where Today. James Harkin is away
 and we are joined by one of the jugnauts of British television. It is the writer-producer
 Russell T. Davis. You'll know his work if you've watched any British television over
 the last 20 plus years starting with Queer's Folk. He did It's a Sin, Years and Years
 an amazing futuristic show and of course he was the head show runner of the reboot of Doctor
 Who. Amazing character, we were so excited he was up for coming on the show and he has
 a new book out which is his autobiography. So if you have any interest in the world of
 TV, what it's like making it, what it's like going into productions and doing all the
 scripts, this is the book for you because it's not just his time in Doctor Who and all
 the other shows I mentioned, there's other things like Casanova which we talk about in
 this episode and it's out now. In fact I saw a copy of it in a bookshop just this morning
 on my way in here so go get yourself a copy. I hope you enjoyed the show. It's a bit
 raunchy. The first fact, just a heads up if you've got kids with you listening, I should add
 as well. If you're a member of Club Fish you're going to have an Excel version of this
 episode and there's a lot more anecdotes from his life and TV in there. So if you want
 to get the full version of this show go to patreon.com/clubfish and you can find that there.
 Otherwise please enjoy the show and on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hobern. My name is Dan Treiber, I'm sitting here with Anna
 Tishinsky, Andrew Hunter Murray and Russell T. Davis and once again we have gathered around
 the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go. Starting with fact number one and that is Russell.
 Casanova wrote his, it's called a memoir, it's a massive, massive autobiography, some
 pages of which are on pages watermarked with love hearts. Oh, there's a thing because
 you were such a romantic guy. Well, was he is that thing? I wrote, I wrote a cast and over
 television series starring David Tennant many years ago 2003, 2004, 2004 and I had to read
 all 12 volumes of that autobiography which was long. Wow, obviously the, just come out
 in paperback and the paperback version has a portrait of a naked lady along the spine
 so you need all 12 volumes to get the lady a bit like the Mr. Men. Well, you do that with
 like the MCU or Spider-Man, of course, all the spine. So for Prudish people, they can
 take the boom, take the book and basically I could look up on them obviously. And that's
 long. Let me say that's a long autobiography. Is it? I mean, I think the thing is about Casanova
 is that he's not that remarkable, he's remarkable because he wrote it down. Yeah. Because he wrote
 his life down. It was quite a life. I've got to say, he was kind of, he never lived any
 way, never settled. He's wandered all over Europe and so gave us great insights into so many
 different countries and places. But all the sexual law of the time, everyone was at it.
 Yeah, everyone's at it. He's not the great lover. He's not everyone was having sex at the
 rate the Casanova's and nuns, priests, everyone and he just happened to write it down. Oh, we,
 I mean, because I read a review that was like, you know, by some counts, his sex count was
 up to about 135 different women, somewhere between 100 and 1335. And then this review said,
 which was a lot by standards of the day. And I was thinking, that's a lot of a lot now guys.
 You're saying, you're saying everyone else is doing. I don't think it was a lot by the standards
 of the day. I think literally everyone's at it. It's incredibly sexual. I'd be amazing
 to really try and really portray what that was really like, except that also there's no
 age of consent. It would kind of be untransmitters, but you could, you'd have to show it on the
 dark side of the moon once. And that would be it to get to get the full story of what it was like.
 That count is not a high count. I've read Hollywood biographies where Warren Beatty, I remember
 it. He has a count that's in the thousands. I don't know how many thousands, but I do remember
 doing a calculation at the time. And I worked out that he had had more sex with different women
 than I'd had breakfasts, not even hot breakfasts. At the same time. So can I ask about the paper
 with the love hearts on it? I read that they basically were largely unnoticed because they were
 watermarked. And in the hundreds of years since it was written, it's slightly faded. So if you hold it
 up to the light, you can see these love hearts that are on it. I thought that this was like novelty
 paper, but I think they're not quite sure if he intentionally used that paper or not. I don't
 believe he'd choose that paper because they're not particularly romantic books. Yes. And he's not
 romantically swaggering through Europe. I mean, he will fall in love with a woman every other day
 and then pledge his truth and then head off somewhere else. But it's not. It doesn't have
 hearts pulsating in it. I would have thought. Yes. I dank that. I've got to say. I think towards the end,
 he was, he lived a very, he lived a 73 or something. It was a very long age for a man in those
 periods. Well, it keeps you young, doesn't it? Exactly. He used to prove. And he was a librarian,
 a castle at the end of his life, really badly treated. He wasn't the man of legend then.
 I've seen most people aren't in their lives. And so I would have thought you'd grab any piece of
 paper you could use. I don't think he was rich enough to choose. I think he's just scribbling away.
 Yeah. And also he wasn't writing consciously something about love and women and
 say, although I do enjoy now that every review about him feels obliged to say there was so much
 more to cast an over than just the shagging. And when you read about him, it was still a lot of
 shagging. So I thought, well, not some of you think that 135 isn't a high number. I'm going to say,
 a lot of shagging and a lot of extreme shagging. We should actually cover extreme shagging.
 What's that? I would say, so one example of extreme shagging is shagging your daughter. I think
 we would agree. In his defence, it wasn't like he was a stay-at-home dad, so it's not like. You mean
 the legal shagging? I think we mixed up your words there. Your honour, my client was participating in
 extreme shagging, nothing further. Well, the spin is. And tell me if it seems sympathetic in the
 reading of the book. Basically, this was his daughter by a woman that he'd shagged and she
 really wanted to help out her own husband by getting pregnant because he, as all husbands,
 were, was very keen for her to get pregnant with his son. And cast an over her loving father said,
 "I'll help you out." And impregnated her. Sorry, so he did her a favour. Did he know that
 she was a daughter, though? Right. I've got to say, because I have read all 12 volumes and I read
 them diligently, and it's so constant and endless, I can't even remember that. You'd think that would
 be a standout moment in your memory, wouldn't it? If that was any of us, I'd say, wow, that chapter's
 amazing. Actually, it's constantly that. That it kind of wears you down. It didn't keep me young,
 get me old. I was exhausted by the end of it. Can I present a theory? So this is a librarian at
 the end of his life. And I knew him principally as a librarian. I'm a bit short to hear about all this
 stuff to be honest, but it's, as you say, it's unending. He loses maternity at the age of 16 to two sisters,
 and then they all have some bread and cheese. He's so attractive. He's going everywhere. He's
 having these amazing adventures. Is there a chance this is an elderly librarian who's making it up?
 Oh, I just wonder. Because it's so picturesque. I know he was a real person, because there are
 accounts of him meeting Catherine the Grey. I think it would be more entertaining. I think it's actually,
 it's kind of incestant. I know at the same time, he'll tell you exactly how many crayfish he
 at that day. It's crayfish. It's crayfish mad. And I think he's got the most astonishing memory,
 every bloody carriages he traveled in, every scent that he gave to a gay keeper is in there. So I think,
 when you sum it up, if you read the little slim paperback version, then that sounds exotic and
 marvellous and maybe made up. In the full length of it, it's constant and not sexy and not particularly
 masturbatory either. It would be better if it was. I mean, I'm better fantasy than that. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So I kind of believe it. The extraordinary thing is, I thought the same. I thought, come on. Some of it
 can't be true. It's mad. But they have matched up everything they can match up. Every single fairy
 train he took, everything hotel he stayed in, every like castle he entered. They have a record of him
 going there is one of the famous things about him that's not sexy is his amazing prison escape.
 And you read his account of that and you think that's amazing. It can't be true. You know, he shipped
 away at a piece of iron with a bit of marble that he found, made a hole in his ceiling, got caught
 so then communicated secretly, I think, with a friar elsewhere in the prison, hiding messages and
 books, convinced him to chip a hole in his ceiling. They broke out. They crept along the ceiling of a
 palace, fell for a window or whatever a skylight. And then they're met by a security guard and
 Casanova just says, I can't believe you've locked me in here all night after last night's party. Let
 me out immediately. And the security guard believes him. And he's let out. And all of that is just,
 I mean, that is the kind of Monte Cristo style. But we know we've got the records of the prison escape.
 We've got the hole in the ceiling. And when you saw it apply that, it sounds a lot more entertaining
 than it does when you read that. You live through every chip. It goes on and on and on. He's not one
 for self editing. So I believe it. I do believe it. Yeah. He sounds like a ball. Do you think he
 just bored women into submission? He sounds like actually he was quite tedious going on.
 They were all at it. Everyone was doing everyone was boring. But when I'm in both senses of the work,
 they were like he was all going on. It was a highly sexualized world. But apparently he wasn't a
 very he wasn't a bad character when it came. I mean, who knows. But like I read accounts of where
 he would sleep with a lot of sex workers and he would not sleep with certain prostitutes if they
 didn't speak his language because he thought post sex chat was really important. So who are you?
 I want to get to know you. You know, to him. Yes. Yes. Yes. Yes. He did. He did. That's why when I did
 him bringing back to my version of custom over. But I gave him a son on whom all the legends and the
 bad legends and the bad reputation he did were piled on top of. So that became the custom over
 of legend was he actually was all right for right. He was all right. He was just a man. Although he
 wasn't. I really wanted to like him. You know, and I really wanted to find him a harmless,
 lovable rogue. There we go. I did. I found his tone quite cruel. I found that he could be very
 callous with what he said about human beings. You know, there's someone who dies basically because of
 him and he's like, you know, shit. There's, you know, he thinks, oh god, I wish I killed him, but I
 needed him to get out. Yeah. So if you're out there thinking he was a gentle soul who you could have
 converted, I think he had a hard. I think that was the world. I think how I'll kill him. I thought
 he's quite he's dead. He's gone. I think. Yeah. Yeah. Did they think and feel differently? Did
 they? And I think maybe they do. Yeah. Because he's never bought up for that. No one just
 ties his in for that. He's never punished. He's punished for a million things like witchcraft and
 no sort of blasphemy and stuff, but never for that. Never for lack of feeling. Is he in prison for
 a sexual misdemeanor? Or is that supposed to be people off? I think there was a bit of black magic
 wasn't there or something they said at all. I think offending, yeah, religion and public knowledge.
 Yes. Oh, okay. They beat up the black magic. Yeah. Yeah. Because he's offended. He's offended my
 morals with the thing with his daughter. So like, well, exactly. But a different world. It's
 like, yeah, it wasn't them. You just don't like extreme shagging. That's what you have to ask
 my wife. All right. Do you know the reason the memoirs came around is as a result of a prescription
 given to him by his doctor. So, you know, the old gag of Grimaldi going to see a doctor and he says
 you should cheer yourself up and sing Grimaldi and I am Grimaldi. It's this doctor. You should try
 shagging castles. Show you up. No, it's not quite the parallel eye. It was attending. He was seeing his
 doctor for depression and he was feeling melancholy and he said, do you know what you should do? You've
 had this amazing life. Go sit and write it and that's going to make you happy again. And he did
 and apparently he was laughing and laughing. He could be here cheering himself up. And hence,
 why it's probably so detailed and so long. He was fighting a depression. And he just only reached
 the age of 35 or something in the biography. And I'm kind of glad he died. He did. Oh, there would be
 24 books. Well, probably it stops on a final line. It doesn't conclude it. It's interesting. There's
 another story about him and a doctor. Not the the thing about him having depression and being told
 right. He was, this is when he meets a stranger. And the stranger says, thank you, Casanova, thank you.
 You've saved me. You've saved my career. Yeah. Casanova says, what do you mean? And this guy
 was a surgeon and he spent years in poverty. He didn't get enough business at all. Then Casanova
 passed through town and gave so many people gone a rear. There's doctors. This doctor's career
 which he's had a very busy year and it was completely safe as a career. And he said, but, of course,
 it's died out now. And I don't suppose I don't suppose you could possibly see your way. And he didn't
 have it this time. So he wasn't able to oblige seating. Yeah, yeah. Yeah, what can I give them?
 I kind of leapt into that autobiography dying to write the moment. We're surely a man that sexual
 and that sexualised would have sex with a man. Never happened. Right. And I really thought it would.
 I really thought if you're that open and all the societies at it, like they were. And no,
 well, no, no. I'll be proved wrong by some scholar. No, but there is a bit with Bellino, isn't there?
 Yes. Male castrato singer with whom Casanova falls in love and Casanova is astonished because he's,
 you know, he's, is it a lady's man or a man's man? Yeah. It's the way he's, you know, he's convinced
 that he was never ever attractive to men. And he became convinced that Bellino was actually a girl
 in disguise. Gropes Bellino feels the sausage turns out it's a fake sausage. Bellino is a girl in
 disguise. Casanova's reputation for being totally 101% straight, unimpeached. Yeah. It's a bit like a
 Shakespeare player as well. It's a fabulous made of smooth guts around a piece of hide. Really? Lovely.
 Well, it's so interesting about the story you were telling Anno about who broke out of jail is
 that final line is such a great little plot twist. And in my head, I'm, I'm hearing it as Casanova,
 but I'm also hearing it as a doctor who. And I think that's because the only Casanova I know and
 have ever seen is David Tenney, but it does feel very doctor who he in the kind of chaotic nature of
 an escape. And then they're being just such a simple, fine comic twist at the end.
 Were there previous ones? Like, I imagine because the, you know, the 40s and 50s were a more
 straight-laced time. There wouldn't have been a kind of Basil Rathbone Casanova. Oh, Frank
 Finley did it in the 60s. And I think that was quite, I think it was like a Dennis Potter, a good
 Casanova. I think there was very dark, you look at it now. It looks very dark and very heavy. And
 I didn't watch it much of it. I think it was much more of a treatise on male darkness by the look of
 it. Oh, okay. Frank Finley's like, yeah, Frank Finley. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't think because you,
 you had two Casanovas in there. You had David Tenney, but you also had Peter O'Toole. Yes,
 which playing old Casanova. Yeah. Sort of telling the story. I love your meeting with them in the
 book. Just like meeting. Yes, yes, yes. That is a great meeting. I was, how much can be swearing
 on this book? We'll believe it. So, okay. It's like me on the director was summoned to Peter O'Toole
 three days before filming. Summoned to Peter O'Toole's suite in the Midland Hotel. And he's there in
 full grandiose. He's going, you, you absolute, you ass. But I wore, hello. And there'd been some
 rewrites issued. You f*cking ruined this. You f*cking guy. You stupid. And it was, I've got to say,
 it was more aimed at her because I think coming from a film background, he had no concept that
 writers existed. It was all about the director. Right. And so I kind of didn't get the full,
 but poetry got the full blast. And, and, but, and Witcher, I was kind of loving it. I mean,
 that's what I feel like. I feel like that's almost a part of Peter O'Toole. It was like a Sunday
 morning or something. And I was being called a f*ck, but Peter O'Toole. It's kind of what you
 want him to be like. And I loved it. Oh, but the part was also, we couldn't work out what was wrong
 because we'd issued some rewrites. And we thought we're not harmless. These rewrites sort of said,
 I'll go to Venice instead of I'll go to Rome. And then I kind of realised he's in his 70s. He's
 learnt it. Oh. And his head's gone. Right. So I thought they went, how about if we take all these
 rewrites and just get rid of them exactly. I thought I thought it was going to be that he had to have
 the impression he was going to be playing Young Saxi Casanova. And he had only just clocked and
 he didn't imagine it. Old decrepit library. And we're talking about, oh my god, that would be brilliant.
 Okay, that's the story I told you. That's a much better story.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two. And that is Andy. My fact is, anyone working on an
 American TV show needs to know these colours in this order. White, blue, pink, yellow, green,
 golden rod, buff, salmon, and cherry. That's not just American, that's British. Really?
 That's in the same colours, Britain. Yes, well, I think the order's that. Yes, yes, yes, that's like,
 yes. I'm so glad to be here to correct you. Right, my dream come true. To come on you.
 Yes, you fools. Should we just go back to episode one? Edit me into them all? Yes, I think you'll
 find it like that. No, we have that. We have that. So this is, yeah, it's you and about, well,
 it's because actually the software is kind of universal. There's one form of software that
 everyone uses. And it might as well be a monopoly because everyone works off it. And then once
 everyone works off it, every office works off it. So therefore, if you're handing it a script,
 do it in final draft. So they've got the whole things to do. And just to explain,
 for those outside, the industry, because it's quite an interesting system. It's basically for
 script rewrites, right? So when you're on a TV set, things are constantly being rewritten and tweaked.
 And I can totally imagine I've had this right in QI scripts as well, because we never came up with
 this system where you have no idea which version is which and someone might be working
 off one version and someone might be three versions ahead. So this is the order of the colours of
 scripts, which tell you which version you're on. Every new colour is a revision. Yeah, and yet one of
 the colours is Golden Rod. A colour that no one has ever heard of. Is that golden? Yes.
 Why don't they just call it gold? Yeah, which really doesn't really gold. It's just kind of orangey yellow.
 But it's, I don't know how those names ever came about. No, weird. And the funny thing is, it's like,
 you have to go through those colours if you change one word. Then the net, and then if you change
 another word day later, you've got to go up and call it. Really? It's like, because if you change a
 field to the tavern, it's as simple as one word. Meet you in the field. We haven't got a field.
 Meet you in the tavern. That goes to a pink page. And if the next day someone says to you,
 oh, change the location, the tavern's going back to a field. You can't go back into that pink
 page either, because it's been issued. Then you go to blue or whatever order it is, blue pink.
 But really, there was one revised version of Casanova, where the pages came in. The only
 changes, young Casanova, Peter, right? Exactly. And you go through so many changes. By the time you,
 there's six or seven of them, by the time you've been through them all, then you go double blue,
 double pink, double golden. Yeah, you can even get to triple. Yeah, it's a, but everyone on a set
 is used to it. It genuinely works. On the front of the page of the script, it'll say, what color you're on.
 So if you're all up to golden on that day, you know, it means if someone's working off the blue page
 on that set, they're on the wrong one. Yeah, yeah, it's such a good system. That's where we get the phrase,
 I'm on the same page as you. There you go. It used to be I'm on the same color page, but it just got
 shortened in there. Yeah. Can I ask Russell, have you ever been involved with either self-destructing
 scripts or fake scenes in order to prevent against the possibility of leaks? Oh, not. What's
 the self-destructing script? I think it's a, I think it's a digital version that they then delayed off
 your iPad. It's all right. It was, it was the Avengers movies. It would be that it was, I was once
 approached by a Spider-Man spin-off for television and the security process was so long I gave up. I
 went, I'm not doing that. I really, I genuinely went, I mean, I might not have ever got the job,
 but they wanted me to submit and it was related to Spider-Man in some way, the Spider family or
 something. Obviously, after sitting there for 20 minutes and still not getting through security,
 that's what fuck this. I'm not, I'm not going to do that. What do you mean digital security? Yes,
 it's just to get to read what they sent me. What they sent me was behind so many barriers and
 required so many emails and so many passwords that, and of course, famously, never mind all those
 colors, they then print those scripts on red paper, so that can't be photocopied. Yeah, oh, okay,
 right. Can it? Yeah, apparently. This is, say, Christopher Nolan, I think, does the same kind of
 thing, right? Films go, so this is very interesting. You have to have, sometimes you're not allowed a
 work email or a personal email. You have to have your own new email set up and then go through two
 layers of two digit. Yeah, I don't know, I don't know, because I just went live studio. It just sounds
 cracker. It can't be bothered. Yeah, so I spoke to one of the writers on the show's succession. Oh, yeah,
 and I asked, did you ever do things like fake scenes or fake plot lines or whatever it might be to throw
 off people who were leaking? Yeah. And this writer said, no, absolutely not. The idea that we would have
 had the time or the capacity. We could barely do the main show, you know, because the deadlines were
 so fast and all this. But there was a really interesting thing. Sometimes the actors got a bit
 distressed by the fact that they didn't know what was coming next, because you might be writing an
 episode while you're filming the previous episode. I mean, it's, you know, it's tight when they
 want 10-year episodes a year or whatever. And this actually happened. And I can't say who it was,
 but there was a moment where the writers realised one of the actors in succession was getting early
 script from somewhere. And there was a leaker who was not leaking it to the public. But there was
 some kind of internal black market within succession so that one particular performer could get the
 scripts very early. And the writer looked through and saw, oh my god, that's, hang on, that's a script
 that I haven't finished yet. How do you have that? And so kind of system unclear. Oh, they had to
 sort of do a mole hunt, though, for I think who I was leaking the scripts internally. Yeah, yeah.
 It's like, yeah, it's really, we, we faced that on that, that, that, on our last two series of
 doctors, absolutely every single thing. This is in the box. Every little, every little nice surprise
 you put in. Yeah, yeah. Every little nuance, every little cameo, every little thing you put in
 everything leaked. And they have vast security systems at the BBC. Well, they actually found the
 person who was leaking the information, but he was a member of the public. So ever, then you can't
 actually go in and arrest a member of the public. I said, well, I can't leave. That's my copy, right?
 Yeah, actually, that's theft in my eyes, but I don't think the BBC ever like to arrest a person for
 theft because the BBC is not going to come out of that very well. I think, um, is that still burning
 and you slightly. Oh, my gosh, because behind that, that person is obviously friends with someone,
 somewhere involved with doctor who was leaking every single thing. And, you know, will I go to the
 grave and never know who it was? And it might, it might be someone I stood next to every single day.
 Oh, my gosh, it's more likely to be someone sitting in an office who might be on the desk at the back
 while the all the technical processes these things go through. And whoever it was is probably sitting
 there masturbating furiously to this podcast. Well, we get a lot of that. Never with that, never with that.
 But with a dollar cap. Yeah. Why is it so confusing? Is it a deliberate thing? Is it just you
 absolutely got drunk and you told your friend everything? No, it's power. No, no, absolutely deliberate
 and consistent. And it's a power game. But also it's I also think it's genuinely malicious because I
 think it does. I mean, it's not the most destructive thing in the world, but it's slightly destructive
 and no program needs anything slightly destructive because then then you in a chain with that then,
 you know, that might transmit to just 20,000 doctor who fans. That's fine. But they've all had
 spoiled. And also you're going to look at the when you get something spoiled, your reaction to it.
 It's got the word spoil in it for a reason. It's not in answer. Is it? It's a spoiler. Yeah. I absolutely
 think it's left. And that's why I'm surprised. We don't go further with it except actually it's so
 widespread throughout all fandoms and all television shows that if you start to imprison these people
 who were leaking my god, the prison population will be in crisis. Although fun on the wings.
 So, right. Conversations. Spoiler prison would be good though. Yeah. Everyone's in for spoiling a
 different show. Yeah. Amazing. And then you'd get a script that we just put a big sign on the
 building called BBC. But the one thing they don't say is what they're in for. This is spoilers.
 It is extreme. I tell you that. We did a fact a long time ago on the show, Russell, which is about
 Dallas and the fact that who shot J.R. was the big question that dominated American society at that
 time, right? And they filmed every cast member shooting J.R. So that they got including the cameraman,
 including the catering staff. They all came in and had a guy shooting him so that that wouldn't
 leak. But, um, yeah, sorry. And who was it? Oh, I don't know. I was Kirsten. Come on.
 Kirsten, how could you not know that? I was thinking it was Maggie Simpson. I just remembered
 fake scenes that I have written, which Dr. Hussain, so your click piece will go mad. So,
 bear me out, which is that we were once told that the queen wanted to visit the set of Dr. Hussain,
 and that would be enormously prestigious for everyone how marvellous. But she was only going to
 Swansea. Okay. So our head of drama Julie Gardner was told and she was not allowed to tell anyone
 for security reasons, which kind of makes sense. And so the only person she could tell was me. So,
 in the middle of a shoot, she said, you've got to invent a scene set in Swansea in the middle of
 this episode that we go to Swansea and shoot. And then it's like, oh, that's a little visit
 that day. So we then we can arrange that. But you can't tell anyone. So we couldn't tell the producer
 or the location's guy or stuff like that. So I suddenly issued this pink page with a scene where
 the tide is like lines and it has to be in, so you know, no one could say, oh, let's shoot this
 in Cardiff. You know, so it's like, it arrived on the Swansea seafront with a door in the middle of
 an adventure with a doctor stepping up and saying, there's the mumbles. It must be this. And the entire
 production team sit and they're saying, why isn't it done? We can't afford this. The producer,
 they're going, we can't have a day in Swansea. And I was going to really, really force it if I thought
 that. I thought it's not important. They just walk out and he says that's what's about. And you
 literally were not allowed to say. It was on pain of death. And also I genuinely believe that
 would be very good publicity for the show. I thought it would do Doctor Who Good to have the queen
 out there. And then the queen changed her plans. Oh no! It just all never happened. Yes, you went to
 Cardiff. I was looking into screenwriting generally, both for TV and for movies. And I particularly
 like when requests get made by the production heads and the screenwriter is asked to change the
 script in such a way that it just seems insane. One of the examples I found was there was a movie
 called "Prick Up Your Ears" which is the story of Joe Orton. And it was written as a book by a journalist
 called John Larr and then Alan Bennett got it and he did the screenplay of it. Great for him.
 House, I'm just going to call on my damn bingo cult that we've gotten better than everyone
 you're interested in. There's having to. I love it. Well, Joe Orton was a gay British playwright.
 His partner Kenneth Halleywell murdered him with a hammer in their house and it was a
 horrible story. They were very young. The notes that came back to Alan Bennett, he says in his
 introduction, is we love it but could Joe Orton be American and could he be a heterosexual?
 No way. Oh my god. And what do you do in a note like that? I'm sorry, Russell. Do you just abandon
 shit? Just have to dig your heels in. I did get a note thing. Well, we've had this woman
 who was super strong and certainly thought she was super clever. Why is she crying in the scene?
 And you said they're going three pages earlier. Her lover was shot dead in her arms.
 You literally bang your head against the wall just going over. Honestly, it's incredible.
 But in those situations, you just... No, I think digging. It's just that there's got no
 nothing's changing there. It's anti-feminist that you suggested a woman would cry. Yeah, it doesn't make
 us small as that. It doesn't make us have like a girl boss, I mean. Just on the madness of
 scripts and how up to the wire they can go. Tom Cruise had an episode in Days of Thunder in 1990
 where they were rewriting the script so so much up to the last minute that he was actually had to
 get in a car and do a car trade or something or drive a car just after they changed a script. He
 hadn't memorized a line. So they taped his cue cards to the windscreen of the car. Now, I don't know
 how you don't see it in the filming, but so he gives shout them out. Which, hey, I find it so
 weird that you're expecting an actor to act plausibly while reading off cue cards and driving. But he did
 indeed crash the car. Oh, that's a result. Yes, he's had two car crashes because that led me on to
 another script that he did in 2045 collateral with Jamie Foxx. Oh, good film. And Jamie is a good film
 and there's a car crash in that and Jamie Foxx was responsible for accidentally crashing the car
 in a stunt and he said it was very funny because Jamie Foxx wasn't that famous at the time. Tom Cruise
 was Tom Cruise and he said the crew and cars all just scrambled over Jamie Foxx kicking in the
 side. You're right, Mr. Cruise, you're right poor guy. I worked on that television program
 that blew up Anthony Turner live on air. You know that? You know, there's television
 presenter. Andy, it's on every BBC safety film up to you. You pee to you. We're so ahead of the day.
 Oh, okay. When was this like to do? 1992, '93. Oh, I'm. And Anthony Turner live from one of those
 air shows indoors. A sato on a pirate technique. She sat on a pirate technique. And he's on a sat
 day morning TV. Did the link to camera and it's probably you'll find it online. So she's sitting there
 and it explodes on her. She drops out of camera and the careers that were ruined after that because
 how did that happen? Who said sit there? There was never a clear story told. But oh my god,
 when he goes wrong, it goes properly wrong. I just have just I the thought of no offense to Anthony
 but Tom Cruise like being how much did that cruise scrambled? The desk was just
 astonishing. That can happen. It's absolutely amazing. Wow. I think what it does for the stories.
 Yeah. On death, there was a writer called Alvin Sargent and he wrote four Spider-Man movies. So you
 might have worked with him. Had you gone through the security. But he always used to say and he
 has passed away that on his tombstone, he would have loved to have read finally a plot.
 Why so lovely? That's a writer. I want my tombstone to say now available on DVD.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is Anna. My fact this week is that in Wales,
 you used to be able to get married by jumping over a broom together and divorced by jumping
 backwards over it. Lovely. Do you have to be together as well for the divorce?
 Yes, I believe you did. Because you see now I'm now so old that you're running pieces of full
 claw past me that I remember. I know that you sent me this information. I know the phrase jump
 the broomstick. Yes. As a marriage thing and whether it's because I was born in Wales or not. But
 I instantly know that means marriage. I'm so glad you know that because it was a common phrase
 because of this. I'm not sure how many marriages were done. Yes, but it was there for seven
 days. I've been going into the seventies. I literally, I can't think where or when it was said,
 but I literally know it as a thing and also the tradition at the same time, the tradition of
 if a couple were in bed of putting a broomstick down in the middle of the bed, the stall that's
 copulating. That was a thing as well. It was kind of a joke phrase you'd expect your grandmother to
 say like a broom done. Yes. Yes. Yes. It was both a marriage and the opposite of marriage. It's like
 yes. So we're in Britain. Let's try if I encased listeners start questioning your age that I don't
 think that people were actually getting married this way, even in your childhood. But that yes,
 the phrase was called a bezum wedding. A bezum wedding. Yes. Yes. So bezum was the name for
 Brumus before Brumus came along. I didn't talk about this, but the word Brumus just named after
 after the broom plant, it was just the plant they made
 broom's out of it, what's a broom plant?
 Didn't know broom was a plant?
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
 - No, what's the broomstick? - No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no
 - Let's all do it now.
 - I'll have a great go.
 I'm not going to fly.
 - It's like, be careful, because it's odd.
 - I'm so glad Russell did the practicals for this.
 - You see it, it's, I've got my guts.
 Well done.
 - The prove goes.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - But there's a lot of those.
 - It is, it's a nod feeling.
 There's an extra detail on that, that I read,
 'cause I guess it's focal also things get attached
 in different ways.
 - Well, and there's lots of different ways of doing it,
 because every village would do it a different way.
 - But what I read is that in order to get divorced,
 not only did you have to jump over it backwards,
 but the broomstick had to be put in between your front door,
 and you had to do it leaving the house,
 so you jumped over it as you were going out.
 - It was a threshold.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - It was the same with the marriage,
 it was always sorry, yeah, you were going to the door.
 - Oh, you would do it going in.
 But one detail that was added is that you can't touch
 the broomstick or the sightings of the door,
 but then they don't say what happens.
 - How big it is.
 - It is.
 - In old Wales more.
 - This is a big deal.
 - You're a little people.
 - Wow, you both fit.
 (laughing)
 - Are you both fitting side by side?
 - I think one at a time is what I'm assuming, right?
 - Do you think that's where carrying the bike over comes from?
 - It must be a broom over an obstacle.
 - You've got to jump over the broom.
 - While carrying your bike.
 - While carrying the bike, and you just have to be married.
 - Yes.
 (laughing)
 - It's quite interesting the sort of,
 like the reasons behind it was basically,
 so it was a non-church wedding,
 and the community that it persisted in the longest
 was the Romani communities in Wales,
 because they didn't do church weddings.
 And so this was another way of getting married,
 and without needing the church.
 But it was also a way of,
 if you've been knocked up and haven't got married,
 it was a way of ensuring that your child
 wasn't raised as an illegitimate, nothing.
 All I can think of is the word bastard,
 but I don't think we're supposed to call children bastards anymore
 when they're born out of wedlock.
 - You said the word illegitimate,
 that was the one that you'd be able to call me.
 - Yeah, that was the one.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You scared to drive that over.
 (laughing)
 - I don't think that's the language.
 - So you don't want an illegitimate child.
 So it was like a way of saying,
 "I am officially married,
 "but I'm not saying that this guy actually now has
 "to raise the child.
 "If you send me a bit of money every now and again,
 "I'll just stay living with my mom,
 "she'll raise the child as her own,
 "and it will have the status of a bison child,
 "which is a bit better than just being a legitimate child."
 - That's a horror film, The Bison Child.
 (laughing)
 - Yes, write it.
 (laughing)
 - More Welsh romantic traditions.
 - Okay.
 - Your love spoons.
 - Oh, that was weird.
 - Biggie, really, I've got a Welsh love spoon.
 - I've got a weird pen, right?
 - What'd you do with it on the wall?
 - I don't know, it's so nice that I don't use it
 for anything.
 That was the problem with that.
 But I didn't realise how much of a thing it was.
 - Oh.
 - They completely exist still.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - I mean, I don't, I wouldn't go to a wedding in Switzerland,
 we'd be given one all the time.
 - It's a tourist thing now.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Okay, 'cause my horse process, you know, it's that.
 - Yeah.
 - 'Cause it sounded like it was how you courted someone
 and you, and it had all these little symbols on it
 that suggested what you were envisaging with them,
 going forward.
 - Sorry, that sounds weird.
 - Okay, okay.
 - It's not like a Casanova.
 There were 17 sexual positions
 that were very big, very, very big love foods, yeah.
 - It's key to that.
 It's like if I went to like a Welsh soap opera,
 it was really coy and sweet, I call it loves boon.
 - Yeah.
 - Nice, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - So the ender is the man Carlsert for his intended.
 And it's either you're a way at sea
 and you're wiling away the long hours,
 and that's the way you've chosen to do it.
 Or you're--
 - I'd scream for sure.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - Or that you're actually going and sitting
 with your girlfriend or your wife to be.
 And this is a way of just passing the time
 in the long, long evenings when you're only allowed to chat.
 So you may as well be whittling something while you do it.
 - But is that seen as it always mending the whittling?
 - It's a part of the thing.
 - So yeah.
 - Believe so.
 - I would say that's an offensive date.
 If I'm going on a first, second, third date
 and the guy spends his all-time whittling and nothing's food,
 I'm going to think I wasn't captivating enough company.
 - You think he's taking that, right?
 - Yeah.
 - What would you think if he gave you a knitting sheath?
 - That was the other love token
 that would be handed over.
 - Well, the girl's sharp, you mean the whittling?
 - Yeah, in Wales, finally you won't reach me.
 - Yeah, that's up to you.
 - It's basically if you were putting your sword away
 into a sheath, it's the equivalent for knitting needles
 so that you would have the ready to pull out
 and knit as soon as you were able to.
 - I need a jumper.
 - Have we mentioned the bundling before as well?
 'Cause you mentioned the broom down the bed,
 but the other more aggressive version of that.
 If you thought there's no way this young man's going
 to be stopped by a broom down the middle of the bed,
 you would be tied up in a sack and put next to you.
 I don't know if this happened in the '60s or '70s.
 (laughing)
 - Wow.
 - But the man on the wall was tied up in the sack.
 - I think anyone who was willing to be put in the sack
 went in the sack basically, but it was lower half only,
 but occasionally, I think again,
 with especially dangerous young men or women,
 they'd be tied up to the neck in a bag.
 And then, wow.
 - And then you were allowed to lie in bed all night
 chatting with your intended,
 but it was just a safe way of ensuring
 that no hanky-panky are good.
 - And it was both people in separate sacks
 or both the same sack with a division.
 - What do you mean one sack?
 If you put them both in one sack, that's incredible.
 - Oh, that's it.
 - That's extreme sacking.
 That's, you've totally got it wrong there.
 - That's why we get the phrase in the sack.
 Was he good in the sack, yes?
 - Indeed.
 - I think that I read one source.
 So again, there are various versions of bundling.
 One source, I think, says you do have a sack
 which had like a division in the middle.
 So they're both in it, but you can't cross the--
 - What's the point of it?
 - What is stitched down the middle?
 Like a kind of--
 - I think maybe, yeah.
 - You just have two sacks.
 I think as ever, all of this stuff happened sometimes
 and in different ways in different places.
 - And initially, bundling actually didn't involve any sacks.
 I think it was the purestance who made it a bit like that.
 And I think back in Ye Olde Wales,
 it was just meaning two youths who wanted to shack,
 but weren't married and bundling might,
 you can have them in a bedroom together in bed together
 and they'll chat all night and inverted commas.
 I mean, I read an 18th century account of old Welsh customs
 and this person was saying, "People attest to the innocence
 "of the occasion all over Wales,
 "but the number of times you get something happening
 "nine months after one of these moments."
 - There's a hole in this sack.
 (laughing)
 - Oh my god, good match that original fact.
 I read the whole jumping over the broomstick.
 That was also the case for enslaved African Americans
 'cause of course, they weren't allowed to marry.
 - Yes.
 - So that was the only ceremony they could invent.
 - Right.
 - Whole extent of accommodation
 and their own rules of making their own society.
 - And still is. - And still is.
 - That they found, yeah.
 - I think still is a traditional thing to do
 in some communities and I think there's a lot of debate
 about where that came from,
 but I think the most likely is that it did come
 from this Welsh custom.
 And that it was partly, you know,
 Welsh sailors traveling all over the world,
 and partly then, you know, Welsh migrants brought it
 to America and working class Welsh and English Celtic people
 in America were there with the enslaved Africans
 and they passed it on.
 Of course, over you wouldn't expect.
 - Amazing, come reambition, there's lovely.
 - Where are you from?
 - Which bit of Wales.
 - Swansea. - Swansea.
 - Swansea.
 - Oh, where the Queen has not been.
 (laughing)
 - Damn it.
 (laughing)
 And so all this stuff that we're talking about
 is it was folklore, but was there stuff in your time
 that you mentioned to people down in say England
 and they're like, you guys used to do that?
 - Well, it's funny.
 No, I mean, it's funny.
 I've not thought of jumping the broomstick
 since I was, when I used it with his arseclave,
 just knew that phrase.
 - Yeah.
 - And I didn't exactly, I didn't go to university
 and guess what we do in Wales?
 We've got a broomstick down a bit.
 It's like, so I've never thought of it as art.
 Also, Swansea's the only place in the world.
 I think the call's a portacabit, a demountable.
 - Oh, wow.
 - A demountable classroom.
 And I thought everyone called them demountables,
 so I would go through, I've gone,
 oh, you know, the meeting's in that demountable over there.
 (laughing)
 What, like the portacabit, we call them demountables.
 - That's an extraordinary, different word.
 - Because my school, my school was,
 I went to a great big comprehensive school,
 2,300 pupils, but in the first year,
 it was closed down,
 'cause the great high alumnus cement scandal,
 you think these recent cement scandals are new?
 We had them in 1974.
 Schools were built with high alumnus cement.
 Hospitals have been built with its swimming pools collapsed
 'cause they're built with this faulty cement,
 so all these buildings close down.
 We literally went through this again recently,
 it's astonishing.
 And no one remembered high alumnus cement,
 so our schools were closed down.
 So our school was re-building
 entirely out of demountable classrooms,
 like 40 in a field.
 - What's a demount, is it like,
 I think you could be demountable.
 - Desmantlebers, you might as well have called them.
 - Oh, desmantleables.
 - They could be demounted.
 - Anti-mounted, for the end.
 - But only swans, you have ever heard that word.
 - No one else has ever said that.
 - Yeah, I'd never heard that.
 - Yeah, that's great.
 - You know what it's called.
 - And one thing that originated invented in Wales, actually,
 the idea of the radio play.
 - Interesting, this is very cool.
 So this was in 1924, I think,
 and BBC was in its very, very early days,
 and they've done a few bits of Shakespeare on the radio,
 and they've done an adaptation of Pride and Prejudice.
 But they've got a big night coming up,
 which is going to be a few of these things tied together.
 And the commissioner is saying,
 "Just feels like we need something,
 "something that's actually written for the radio
 "and a writer called Richard Hughes, who was 23."
 Said, "Oh, I'll write you something."
 And they said, "Well, we've only got four days to go,
 "so there's no way we can know, at least I'll write it tonight."
 So that night, he wrote, "I love this, it's called a comedy of danger."
 And it's, 'cause it's in a coal mine,
 and it's, you know, it's a party goes down a coal mine
 and they get into difficulties and all that stuff.
 And he knew nothing about coal mines.
 I think he was trying it on, 'cause he was Welsh,
 and he thought that's what they would want.
 - It was as well.
 - Yeah, pretty much.
 He said, you know, he wrote it in one night,
 and it went out a few three days later.
 It was recorded and bang, first ever radio play,
 and it wasn't written actually properly for the radio.
 - Do we still have it?
 - Was it recorded at the time?
 Or would that have just gone out to appear?
 - It all has things 24 and then.
 - Yeah, it seems unlikely.
 They haven't kept the Doctor Who episodes in the 80s, practically.
 - It's probably going to script.
 - I'm liking it.
 - He was a grifter allegor after that.
 - He used to believe in knockers, apparently,
 which were tiny miners who mined under the ground in Wales
 and alerted real miners to where the location of mines was.
 And Welsh miners, up until the early 20th century,
 would say, the only reason we knew to dig here
 was because we heard the knockers knocking away and you'd hear.
 And I just read such and see it at a station as that.
 People will say, we're crazy,
 but I heard them drilling the other day.
 - That's the Doctor Who story.
 There we go.
 - Yes, do the knockers.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, I love that.
 - Knock 'em up.
 - Brilliant, yeah.
 - I think I'll need a name tweek one, too.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the only way
 that there will ever be a reboot of Back to the Future
 is if someone goes back in time to change history.
 So this is the fact that Bodse Meckas
 and his producer friend Bob Gale,
 who was also a writer with him,
 had a clause put into the contract
 when they were making Back to the Future,
 when it was sold, that you can never make a remake of it,
 you can never make a sequel without our approval
 and we're never gonna give that to you.
 - It's a quick pitch, Russell.
 I think there's actually a good idea for a movie
 to be called Back to Back to the Future.
 - Back to Back to the Future, right?
 - Yeah, where you go back in time to get them
 to start writing the rules.
 - I'd say that's why that lawyer.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - To the astonishing deal.
 - Yeah, really.
 - That is perfect.
 - Is it, would that be a hard deal to do?
 I feel like you could try it down.
 - Don't hurt him now on anything ever, ever, ever.
 Like even like your big novels and stuff like that.
 - Bob Gale's always asked about it,
 and they say when is back to the future for coming out?
 And the one quote that I found was he said,
 "You know, you don't sell your kids into prostitution."
 It's the wrong thing to do.
 We put the end of part three for a reason,
 and they're not buckling on it.
 - Wow.
 - They just think they would only do it
 if they had Michael J. Fox.
 They're not gonna have Michael J. Fox do it.
 Therefore, that's the story.
 That's what you get.
 - Hold on, can I ask, this is a reboot not a sequel, right?
 So it's in the contract that they can't remake the first one.
 - No.
 - But they can, you can remake their back to--
 - They made the sequels.
 - Yeah, 'cause they made the sequel.
 - Exactly.
 Yes, they made all three, part one, two, and three,
 and the contract that they've suggested, the clause,
 is that no reboots or sequels without their involvement.
 Yeah.
 - Can I check?
 Did they sign this amazing contract
 before it was really successful?
 - Yes, because--
 - It's actually the beginning.
 - Because that makes it easier,
 because then no one's demanding.
 We must have this.
 And if you can get it signed before it's hugely successful,
 maybe that helps?
 - Absolutely.
 I think that was the case.
 - But at the same time studio,
 it's just wanna keep everything, everything.
 I mean, I've had deals fall through just because
 American companies will want the stage rights.
 And you sit there going,
 "I'm not gonna give you the stage rights."
 - Really?
 - And the whole deal's been canceled, wow.
 - Because of that.
 So they are repacious.
 - So to let someone do that, that's a great lawyer.
 - Yeah.
 - That's really astonishing.
 - Well, it sounds like that might have been
 a bit of Hollywood anyway.
 So Ghostbusters had a similar clause, not as strong as that,
 but it needed approval of Acroid, of Bill Murray,
 and maybe One and Rightman.
 And the reason Ghostbusters 3 took so long to come out
 is because Murray just didn't want it.
 He had, he didn't even rise it.
 He was just one of the stars in it.
 And he had a veto over whether or not they make it.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 So maybe Hollywood stocks.
 - Contracts were just a bit looser about that.
 - Yeah, those were the days.
 - Wow.
 - There's a great fact that we did as a headline fact
 on Fish Ones, which is that the person credited
 as the official consultant about the future
 for the movie Back to the Future.
 He was a consultant was the great grandson of H.G. Wells.
 - Yeah, that's who they brought on to it.
 - Do you think that man just piped up and said
 I'm the grandson of H.G. Wells and Light?
 (all laughing)
 - I know how I did the job.
 - Yeah.
 - Because then, really, what could interest us to start giving?
 - How was the incident?
 - How was the incident?
 - Any more logs in it?
 - No.
 - Oh, well, that's right.
 That wouldn't be in that period.
 Yeah, that's quite correct.
 - Absolutely, it's like, yeah.
 - Can I tell you something about Chinese time travel?
 - Yeah.
 - This is really interesting,
 'cause we did a fact maybe--
 - It's a good one left to write.
 - Lovely.
 - No.
 - 10 years ago, maybe we did a fact with it saying
 that time travel narratives are not legal in China
 and that they crack down on it.
 Because, of course, if you're changing the past,
 you might be changing the future.
 And therefore, you might be implying a world in which
 China didn't have a communist revolution or a vista.
 So, it's really interesting.
 That has changed a lot in the decade
 also since we discussed it,
 because there are now loads of stories
 which have alternate histories.
 But it turns out the main use of the alternate histories
 is to take modern political thinking and technologies back
 so that everyone could be communists even better
 and even earlier.
 - Really, they're really popular
 and they're basically make China great again stories,
 like Red Dawn, where the main character goes back to 1905
 and says, "Hey, communism, 45 years early."
 - So, I think that's fascinating.
 - I did, 'cause I remembered that fact
 and I thought, "Okay, Russell with Doctor Who
 "was that ever a problem?"
 And I found an article that said in 2017,
 China finally signed a deal with the BBC
 to allow for Doctor Who to be shown.
 And so, I looked into it more and before that,
 I found a blog by a lady called Susan Bloomberg Caseon
 and she's an English teacher
 and she wrote a thing saying,
 "I teach English speaking and listening
 "to groups of post-grad med students here
 "and in order to help them learn,
 "I put on an episode of Doctor Who."
 And she said, "After a while, the conversation
 "in the room started to get a bit heated
 "and then suddenly one of the students
 "lept to his feet, raced to the front
 "and paused the episode.
 "They're followed a four-minute rant
 "and Mandarin in which I'm told,
 "this particular cardiologist
 "to cry both the program, the choice is showing it,
 "my parent's marital status,
 "and a few other interesting things."
 And then they all complained and said,
 "Sit back down, he's just trying to get higher up
 "in the party and they watched the rest of the episode."
 - Every!
 - But there were heated students who thought,
 "Time travel, not allowed.
 "This is tomorrow."
 - Also, cardiologists, and he's got two hearts,
 I mean, that's lovely.
 - Oh, wow. - It's like a radical here, yeah.
 - Wow.
 - There was a big fuss about the BBC signing a deal
 with China, and then it was never heard of again.
 - Right. - I'm not aware of a single,
 I'm really screening.
 Now you say this, I remember that,
 and I'm never, I'm not aware of a single sale
 of the China or a single Chinese viewer.
 That's weird, what happened there?
 - Yeah. - I may never know.
 - Yeah, tell us if you're listening in China.
 - One of the early chunks of the book of your book
 is The Reboot of Doctor Who.
 I mean, you have a review back to my book.
 - Thank you.
 - But you really appreciate the strenuous effort.
 And the publicity of what was looking at me saying,
 "You should be doing this for so long."
 (laughing)
 - Thank you.
 - I was being kicked under the table, actually.
 I'm really, no, but you did do this.
 You did take on the juggernaut,
 and I was quite surprised by some of the details.
 I'm not sure if you've ever said those before,
 but it wasn't meant to be David Tennant,
 so you were recording a--
 - A Peter O'Toole.
 - It was Peter O'Toole.
 (laughing)
 No, but almost to the equivalent,
 because it was Tom Baker that you initially thought
 that you would bring back in 2001.
 I was brought into, kept on being brought
 into me various different people every time.
 And at that point, I was like, well, why not Tom Baker?
 Why not have, you know, the world's greatest living doctor
 is still sitting there in retirement?
 So it was discussed.
 And then the tide came in, and the tide came out.
 It was never mentioned again,
 and different people came in, and blah, blah, blah.
 But it was talked about.
 Yeah, it's just like, wow, is he so brilliant.
 - Yeah.
 - I became obsessed speaking of the history of Doctor Who
 with something now these guys will be brought by,
 which is the first voice of the Dalek.
 It was a guy called Peter Hawkins.
 - Yes.
 - Dalek's are often compared to a pepper pot.
 - Yeah.
 - Everyone knows this, right?
 What was his other big role?
 A flower pot.
 He was the voice of Bill and Ben, the flower pot man.
 (laughing)
 - That's a really good pepper pot flower pot.
 - Pepper pot flower pot.
 - Pepper pot, please.
 - Thank you.
 - Can I say a fact that we have a,
 listen, I call David Leaver, who sent in
 a lot of wonderful Doctor Who facts recently,
 and we weren't able to do them all.
 But I just like this one so much,
 that when the deadly assassin,
 now regarded as one of Tom Baker's best episodes,
 - Great show.
 - Was released.
 The head of the Doctor Who Appreciation Society
 hated it so much.
 He immediately disbanded the society.
 And then David, this was the last time Doctor Who
 found's ever got this proportionately angry.
 (laughing)
 - That's great.
 - That's for me man.
 (laughing)
 - Russell, did you, when you read
 the 12 volumes of Casanovers or typography,
 did you read his five volume science fiction novel?
 - No, I didn't.
 - Is that available anyway?
 - I don't know.
 - We know details about it though.
 - It's people who lived on the moon, is it?
 - No, they lived in the Hollywood.
 - Oh, in the Hollywood.
 - That's it.
 - It is wild.
 - Which is quite a long-running Hollywood theory, isn't it?
 - Yes.
 - That's very, it was coming up.
 - It was kind of the...
 - Knockers.
 - Knockers.
 - Knockers.
 - It was the knockers.
 - That's all connected.
 (laughing)
 - That's the Nova's knockers.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, there we go.
 - Yeah, it was, I mean, it sounds amazing.
 It sounds incredibly inventive.
 Basically, it was a two, I think there were brother and sister
 and they go into the earth.
 - Oh, yeah, I'm about to hear that.
 - Yeah, you got stuck in the earth, are they?
 - I don't know what happened to me.
 - No, I'm just with it.
 (laughing)
 - Well, I mean, everyone was at it in the proto-earth inside our planet.
 There were 18-inch tall, hairless humanoids with red, blue, green,
 and mixed-colored skin.
 - Come on, that's a well-snap.
 (laughing)
 - I could say that.
 - They would get some of their nutrients,
 or a lot of their nutrients from the breasts of women,
 one of which produced milk, the other which was wine.
 - Oh, it's a mix of mojacama. - Oh, jacama, jacama, jacama.
 Here we go. - That's what it was like there.
 - I believe that actually. - Mind you, that actually, so.
 (laughing)
 - Well, this is very exciting.
 Russell T. Davis says, "Casanova's knockers coming soon."
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we're all online, I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 - @AndruHunterM.
 - And Russell. - Please don't bother me.
 - Yeah. (laughing)
 - Really, what the hell are you talking about?
 - But if you wanna see stuff that Russell's up to,
 you do have an Instagram account, which is very active.
 - Duke. - Catches lots of fun adventures,
 and you've got your new book out.
 So that is out now.
 It's the story of your life in TV, basically.
 So we spoke about Cassanova and Doctor Who,
 but there are so many more shows.
 Years and years, queer as folk, it's a sense in children's shows,
 so poppers, everything.
 - Everything, it's a fantastic book.
 I've read it, it's called The Queerest of Folk.
 It is out now.
 So get your copy.
 You can also ask us some questions about this episode.
 If you want by emailingpodcast@QI.com
 and to go through all the emails,
 he will pick out those questions.
 He will bring them to our special bonus episode,
 which is called Drop Us Align.
 And you'll find that as part of Clubfish,
 which is on Patreon.
 So go to patreon.com/clubfish.
 There's lots of extra bonus stuff there.
 Do check it out.
 But if you have maybe an extra fact
 that you think you want us to know about,
 why didn't you send that?
 Because we collect all of our best facts
 and we bring them to Little Fish.
 That's our Monday bonus show.
 So if you want to hear one of your facts right out loud,
 again, podcast@QI.com.
 Otherwise, come back here next week.
 We are going to be back with another episode.
 Thank you as ever to Lee and Lee, Ethan Ruperelia,
 as well as the wider fishbuster team.
 And we'll see you next week.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
