 (upbeat music)
 Hi everyone, Fred Dan, Shriver is away today,
 but we have an absolutely cracking guest for you.
 It's someone that I've wanted to get on the show
 for ages and ages.
 Definitely one of the wittiest, funniest people
 working in Britain today.
 And in fact, for the last 20 years,
 it is the fantastic Miles Jupp.
 We had such a great time with him.
 So I hope you like the show.
 And he has just done the first hint of a tour
 with his live show On Eye Bang,
 which was brilliantly reviewed.
 And for those of you listening in America,
 get excited, he's coming to you.
 He will be going to New York in November.
 Do look up the dates that he's playing there.
 You can go to his website, milesjupp.co.uk,
 or just look it up.
 It's at the Soho Playhouse in New York.
 And I'm pretty sure more live dates
 are very soon to be announced,
 both in the UK and America.
 So keep your eyes peeled.
 You definitely won't regret it.
 He is so, so funny.
 And hope you enjoy this show as much as we did.
 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in a whole boron.
 My name is Anna Toshinsky,
 and I am sitting here with James Harkin,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and Miles Jupp.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts in the last seven days.
 In no particular order, here we go.
 Miles, what's your favorite fact?
 - My favorite fact from the last seven days is
 people who get really lost usually don't travel
 more than a hundred meters from their starting point,
 regardless of how long they walk for.
 - That is insane.
 Is that stupid?
 - It's partly an element of humans have a tendency
 to walk in circles.
 And there was a theory it was literally
 because one leg is always slightly shorter than the other.
 - That's what I thought it was.
 - That sort of would happen,
 like an enormous, perfect circle.
 - Is that really what you thought, Andrew?
 'Cause I think that sounds ridiculous.
 - I did think that, and I was told this when I was at school
 that if you ever get lost in the wilderness
 to walk for five minutes in a straight line
 and then turn around and walk backwards
 for five minutes in a straight line
 so that your one dodgy leg is on a different side of each way.
 - Oh, so literally, sorry, walk backwards,
 you're not backwards where you started.
 - That's what I thought you meant.
 - No, walk backwards.
 - That's good.
 - I went to quite a posh school,
 but we didn't have our own wilderness.
 It sounds very extraordinary facility.
 - That's what they call the graffiti covered
 bit of tarmac up back.
 - But it's not that.
 - It's not that, but it doesn't seem like people
 we really know.
 I mean, is there an idea that it might be evolutionary
 because it's safer to end up back where you started
 and, you know, it's a good homing instinct to have.
 - Yeah, that you would end up in the way that a drone now,
 if the battery fails, it gives itself just enough time,
 doesn't it, to work back to where it was to launch from.
 It should do, I think,
 but occasionally you find old ones in rivers
 where, for instance, that technology sadly fails.
 - In the rivers near where I grew up,
 you get shopping trolleys, not drones.
 - Oh yeah, shopping trolleys can't find their way back
 to where they're from.
 - They do go around in circles, though.
 This is people who, I think they were blindfolded,
 weren't they, in this particular study.
 I mean, people have been documented to walk around
 in circles so many times, but yeah,
 this guy did this study in 2009, blindfolded them,
 and literally, they didn't travel any distance at all,
 not more than 100 meters, regardless.
 - In this experiment, were they on rough terrain,
 or, as in, if I was blindfolded and in the woods,
 I probably wouldn't go more than 100 meters,
 as in, I would feel my way quite carefully
 for the duration of the experiment.
 - What if it was a day long, and no,
 it's not to do with terrain,
 the worst place is to be on a massive open field
 with no landmarks whatsoever. - That's really, yeah.
 - And no sun to look at and no moon.
 'Cause landmarks are such an important part
 in how we navigate, and in the same way
 as how we tell time, you know, you're able to remember
 when things happen because you've got little signposts
 that, oh, the milk comes on Tuesday,
 and I know it was a day after that,
 that I got my new trousers, or whatever it might be,
 but the same-- - The milkman had
 a terrible little rest of the day, didn't he?
 - The trouser man has been.
 - Yeah, you leave out the old trousers, don't you?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But you'd need those sort of landmarks.
 I read a very good book about wayfaring by a man called,
 he's called Michael Bond, but he's not that Michael Bond,
 but it was that thing where things look so similar
 that you can get lost incredibly easily
 because there's nothing to tell it apart,
 and there were incidents in that,
 so people at the Appalachian Trail,
 they wander off the path to go and have a piss,
 and then take your rucksack off, you know,
 presumably if you wear a heavy rucksack every day
 and you take it off, you've got an absolutely set way
 of doing it, but if you're sort of quite new to it,
 or whatever, you can't remember that I turned left
 as I took it off, and then when you go to put it back on,
 you think, is it facing towards the path, is it not?
 And people are found dead, you know,
 just tens of yards away from where they left the park,
 because they cannot find the way,
 but I think the distance thing is about panic as well,
 if you're feeling lost, and you don't find where you need
 to get to within a hundred meters,
 and already you were uncertain where you were, for instance,
 and I imagine you think I'd better go back to where I was,
 so I think there's a fear element to it.
 You've got to be very foolhardy to go,
 I'm just going to keep going in that way.
 - But I think we really can't walk straight.
 I mean, that's, it's just really impossible
 for humans to walk straight without landmarks,
 but I think you're right, the panic thing which sets in
 means that we also over adjust,
 so you think you're walking straight,
 but I think instinctively you think,
 oh, I must have wobbled a bit there,
 because your brain is constantly making little mistakes
 of perception, it thinks you just wobbled a bit,
 you better rewobble.
 - And then you sit down to measure your legs
 before you do it. (laughing)
 - There's an interesting thing about this
 with virtual reality.
 So because we can't really walk in a straight line,
 if you're in a VR situation, so you've got your goggles on,
 and you're walking towards something,
 the VR can slightly change the horizon
 and change the things around you
 that manipulates you into walking in a circle
 when you think you're walking in a straight line.
 And what they can do is they can get someone in a VR
 who thinks they're walking in a straight line forever
 for miles and miles and miles and miles,
 but you can do that in a room that's just 44 meters wide,
 because it manipulates you to go into a 44 meter circle,
 where you think you're going straight the whole time.
 - That must be frightening, because you know,
 you've seen before they put the headset on
 that you're in a small room that's only 44 meters wide.
 - Yeah, you've both of them before they go in the room.
 You say, "Right, we're about to go onto the Savannah."
 So good luck out there, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - But it is really interesting.
 - It's amazing.
 - And it just means that for now you can have video games
 where the whole area goes on forever,
 but you don't need a forever room.
 - That's useful, we'll save costs.
 - So because of the realness,
 if I don't have one, but a friend of mine has a VR headset,
 and I insisted that he bought a cricket game for it,
 and then I was just, money well spent, his money,
 but nevertheless well spent.
 And although you've just gone into the city,
 and you know where everything is,
 within a while you're just in this different world,
 and it's not even very realistic,
 because the visual cues, and you've got the ones in your ears,
 you're so immersed in it that within seven minutes
 you have sort of collided with a radiator
 or whatever it might be,
 because it's hard to imagine that you're not where you are,
 and to hold in your head those things that, you know,
 you might signpost them before you put the goggles on,
 but that's gone, that information.
 - But we've played that, haven't we, Anna?
 - Oh yeah, we did play a remote game.
 - Was that the oval?
 - Yes.
 - Well, what, you think it was oval?
 Actually, it was a 44 meter circle.
 - Yeah, in the savannah.
 (laughing)
 - Have you guys heard of Tristan Goole?
 - Nope.
 - Sounds fun.
 - I don't remember that name, I think.
 - He's terrific.
 So he's the only living person to have both solo flown
 and solo sailed across the Atlantic.
 So he's a very good explorer and adventurer and navigator,
 but he writes a lot of books
 about how you can tell your surroundings from,
 you just look at your surroundings
 and you can tell where you are.
 But he has these amazing tips, which I just,
 if you're out in the wilderness listening to this podcast
 and you're lost, snails need lots of calcium carbonate
 to build their shells.
 So if you see any away from a pond,
 that's a sign that you're on a chalky landscape.
 - Is that helpful?
 - I might have just saved someone's life.
 - Did they not also need moisture snails?
 - Yeah.
 - So why are they going so far away from this pond?
 - Oh, maybe some water's gathered in a leaf.
 I don't know all the other...
 - You've got to sort of have a geological map
 in your head, haven't you, for the chalky bits.
 - You do have to remember which bits of the country
 are chalky. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I don't know where I am, but gosh, it's chalky.
 Is that the same as we've found?
 - Yeah, it's doors that have a lot of chalky.
 - Hello, something emergency services.
 I couldn't tell you where it is,
 but it is undoubtedly chalky.
 I know because there are snails.
 Thank you.
 Yes, I'll hold.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, fair point.
 Well, he can identify a bonfire
 if there was a bonfire somewhere years ago
 based only on the foliage that's grown around it since then.
 - Again.
 - Okay.
 (laughing)
 - That's the whole country every Guy Fawkes day.
 - I think he's terrific, I love him.
 - On going in circles, Mark Twain had a nice story
 in his, he wrote a travel log called Roughing It.
 And he had a nice story of how he went,
 they headed out in a snowstorm.
 They had to get somewhere.
 And there was one man in their crew
 who was a real cocky guy called Olandorf
 who bragged about how he had natural navigation skills.
 They didn't need a map.
 He had inbuilt sense of direction.
 And they were all on horseback
 and they wandered for about almost an hour on horseback.
 And then they found some fresh tracks and thought,
 brilliant, well, they'll be headed towards the,
 the place we're headed or follow them.
 And then they kept,
 they kept meeting more and more people
 joining the party of fresh tracks every half an hour.
 And they wanted for two or three hours
 before someone said,
 "You are so Olandorf, these are our bloody footprints."
 - If you've been walking in the savannah for a long time
 and it's sunny,
 then you can tell which way you're going
 by which side your sunburn's on.
 Oh, that's, yeah.
 In the Northern Hemisphere,
 if you're more sunburn on the left side of your face
 or your left arms, you're probably going westward
 because the sun's in the,
 - Oh, in the south.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - That's useful.
 - You can also look at where the sun is, right?
 - You can't look at the sun, of course.
 - You shouldn't go blind.
 - Of course, don't look at the sun.
 But I think that's how we instinctively--
 - So which side your blind are on?
 (all laughing)
 You know, you feel sort of coming at it from an angle.
 - Yeah.
 - But it's daytime, so you can't use the North Star.
 - That's true.
 - I didn't realise why the North Star is the North Star.
 As in why it's useful for navigation.
 Should it come out earliest?
 It's just, it's a fixed star.
 So all the other stars revolve around it.
 And that's because it's sort of
 above the North Pole as it were.
 So it moves a tiny fraction in the sky,
 but really it doesn't.
 I just didn't know that.
 I never did my D.O.E.V.
 So it's aligned with the Earth's axis.
 So over the course of the night, it stays still,
 which is very helpful.
 - Do you know who else uses the stars to navigate?
 Dung Beetles.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Yeah.
 And they found this out by taking them to a planetarium.
 (all laughing)
 This was scientists at Lund University.
 They took some dung beetles to a planetarium
 and showed them the Milky Way
 and saw which way they went.
 And then they covered up the Milky Way
 and saw they went in different wild directions.
 And when the planetarium turned into Madam's Swords,
 presumably they were completely lost.
 I thought I was going home.
 Now I'm heading towards sort of Dr. Crippin,
 or Prince William, or--
 - Or Lord of Medehasenborough.
 - Yeah.
 (all laughing)
 - Did you guys know you can all echolocate?
 Almost certainly.
 Most of our listeners can echolocate.
 I mean, like bats can.
 - That's how I get here from the tube every time we record.
 - Yeah.
 - Possibly blindfold on and start screaming.
 (laughing)
 So you're listening for the echo
 and that tells you how to move.
 - It tells you how to navigate and where you are.
 And there have been a few studies into this.
 But I think the first one was in the 1940s
 and it blindfolded a few people
 and it told them to walk towards a wall
 and stop just before the wall.
 And they did it.
 But then when they carpeted the floor
 and then they walked
 and they weren't making footstep noises anymore,
 they all walked into the wall.
 And so it turns out we just,
 and naturally I've tried this myself
 and I think I do need a few minutes more practice.
 - Come on, let's clear the furniture.
 Let's see how this goes, yeah.
 - But isn't that amazing?
 And we can all do it.
 And humans can actually be taught to be quite good,
 quite fast.
 - What do you hear?
 Are you hearing things or are you sensing air pressure?
 - You're hearing things.
 So you're hearing the slight difference in sound echoes.
 You're hearing the sound bouncing back
 from your footsteps off the wall.
 And we can tell amazing things.
 Like in studies, they found that people can tell the shape
 of something they're going towards.
 So they'll put a triangle in front of them
 and they'll say, you know, this is, yeah.
 - If you imagine yourself at one end, say, of a subway
 and you're spun around and you've got a blindfold on.
 So already it's quite terrifying.
 But don't worry, it's an experiment you're part of.
 But you mentioned in a situation like that
 where you've got hard, concrete walls or whatever,
 you would back yourself, wouldn't you?
 To work out, right, left to your own devices.
 Which direction is the other end of the subway in?
 Where are the walls and whatever?
 Because you'd be able to hear the, you know, the echoes
 and where things were bouncing back from.
 I'm sure you'd back yourself.
 - Would you not press your back yourself?
 I mean, we should be backing ourselves.
 - I'm not sure.
 It depends on the stakes really.
 - But the difference, but if you've got walled,
 say two feet either side of you
 and then the other wall isn't there
 for sort of another 40 meters.
 - Yeah.
 - But then it's also just the ears, like the eyes
 and the nostrils, isn't it?
 We're using the input from each of those
 to sort of work out the information.
 Like our vision isn't real, is it?
 That sounds mad.
 What I mean is what we see, the image that we see
 is that's constructed in our brain, isn't it?
 From the information from the two different eyes
 and the same way with nostrils,
 you could view a following smell
 and you could think that's more of that.
 - Yeah, triangulation, things like that.
 - Yeah.
 - Can I tell you one more thing about getting lost?
 - Yeah, go for it, yes.
 - This is in 2011, a computer scientist
 called Ben Kerman invented Get Lost Bot, okay?
 And this was a technology
 which tracks your movements every day.
 And if you are too predictable,
 it sends you somewhere new.
 So if you have the same lunch at the same cafe every day,
 it will direct you to a different cafe.
 - That's clever.
 I read that like if someone had your mobile phone
 and got all the data off it,
 they'd be able to tell where you are
 and any time of any day to within like a 90% accuracy.
 - 'Cause we're doing the same routes.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - So exactly, and this thing was not popular, by the way.
 - No, not probably with office bosses.
 It's going, "Where have all my staff gone?"
 - When you say if someone gets hold of your phone,
 I mean, they haven't got hold of our phones.
 - Yeah, no, absolutely.
 - They know where we are and what we're doing now or whatever.
 - It didn't work very well Get Lost Bot
 because one user found the app,
 had noticed him going to church every Sunday
 and told him to visit a nearby mosque instead.
 (laughing)
 - That's very clever.
 - It's going to be open on a Sunday.
 And other issues.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - All right, there's time for fact number two
 and that is Andy's fact.
 - My fact is that one of the fiercest critics
 of poet Alexander Pope was a writer
 called Esdras Barnivilt.
 This was a secret identity
 and the real person criticising Alexander Pope
 was Alexander Pope.
 - Wow, what a twist.
 - The last person you'd expect.
 - Yeah.
 - He wrote a full thing slacking off his major work.
 - Was he doing it so why?
 Was he like being self-hating
 or was he trying to get ahead of his critics maybe?
 - I don't think he was.
 I think a lot of this stuff was done for fun
 and loads of stuff was anonymous at the time.
 So it wasn't mad to have a lot of stuff coming out.
 So it was literally on the day that his epic poem,
 which is called The Rape of the Lock,
 is about a society woman who has a lock of her hair grabbed.
 So it's based on the Iliad and the Odyssey, but it's fun.
 (all laughing)
 - More fun.
 - More fun, yeah, yeah.
 But he wrote, on the day it was published,
 he brought out a key to the lock under this fake name,
 Esdras Barnivilt, and he wrote to Pope.
 He addressed Pope directly himself
 and said he's writing an antidote against the poison
 which has been so artfully distilled through your quill.
 - So what did he do?
 Like say this bit's shit?
 How hard did he say it would have been better
 if you'd done it this way?
 - I think he was advising a bit about the meaning of it
 and maybe throwing in some other games
 and things along the way.
 I mean, it was just a fun thing to do.
 And he did this a second time, actually.
 So in 1735, there was a publisher who'd brought out
 an edition of Pope's letters.
 Apparently his unauthorized letters were being published.
 Imagine just someone publishing your WhatsApps
 like full, just nightmare.
 And this publisher was called Edmund Curle, with two L's.
 - How many are?
 (all laughing)
 - It's so weird that you stress the R and not the L.
 (all laughing)
 - But this was not true.
 Pope had collected his own letters.
 He'd edited them very carefully,
 then arranged for Curle to get hold of them.
 But he had instigated it.
 And then he had them seized.
 They were actually fake letters.
 Then two years later, he releases his actual letters.
 All sorts of just horse play going on.
 - So they're confusing games.
 What's he playing out there?
 And wasn't this thing there that he had a plan
 that some of those letters contained
 some correspondence with various members of parliament
 or the nobility where it was actually legal
 to expose them 'cause they're of a certain status.
 So he thought, oh, good Curle will be seized
 by the authorities, which he sort of was.
 But then no one cared.
 - But then he fell out with Curle
 'cause Curle had now thought, oh, now this is cool.
 I can just do all the letters I want.
 So he got a load of other letters.
 Ones that he didn't want anyone to see and publish those.
 And so Pope met him at a pub, the Swantaband,
 and gave him an emetic to cause him
 to go into convulsions of vomiting.
 - And that's why the toilet's still blocked in that.
 - And then Pope wrote some pamphlets about that,
 about his vomiting.
 And so they really fell out those two.
 - But is it done for fun or is it sinister?
 - I think it's for fun.
 - But it depends whether your Edmund Curle
 will be giving an emetic in the pub.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Having a spasm in a pub toilet turns.
 You think, this has gone beyond banter.
 - Yes.
 - This is perfectly harmless.
 Just lashing lads, didn't you do that?
 Yeah, yeah.
 I don't know.
 I mean, he was a really, really funny guy.
 He was strange.
 He was called the wasp of Twickenham, was his nickname.
 - I think he was quite cruel.
 - He had to just turn up a pic next to him.
 - But yeah, even people who liked him.
 I think Virginia Woolf's dad, Leslie,
 wrote a biography of him.
 And even he said, look, I like his writing.
 It's very funny.
 It's very clever.
 And mostly, by the way, we should say he was famous
 for his translation, his serious translations
 of the Iliad and the Odyssey at the time.
 He said, I like his writing,
 but still, morally, it's a bit indefensible
 to like this guy 'cause he's so horrible about everyone.
 He called him a monkey pouring boiling oil on his victims.
 - That's a good reason for him to criticise himself
 first, essentially, isn't it?
 So he's one of the people who are in the sights
 of this sort of mystery critic.
 And then he goes, well, it can't be me.
 He's had a go at me.
 And then he can really, you know, go at people.
 So I suppose that's the mistake.
 Is it that more contemporaneous sock puppets have made
 is to not turn the gun on themselves first?
 - He didn't do all his other criticism.
 The mistake he actually made was not criticising everyone
 under the pseudonym, sadly, which would have been safer.
 - All of his other criticism was under his own name.
 - Was under his name, I like the sound of both.
 It's very confusing because there was a big thing
 between Protestants and Catholics at the time.
 So this is the end of the 18th century.
 William and Mary had come in.
 They'd swept the Catholics away.
 Pope was a Catholic.
 And so there was a lot of criticism of his work
 for being too popish.
 But that is quite confusing.
 - He wasn't allowed to go to university.
 - No, no.
 - No positions of trust or power.
 So what do you do?
 - The term wasp then that would be not,
 he wouldn't refer to himself as that.
 Nowadays you might label yourself waspish, wouldn't you?
 - Yeah, I reckon he would have labelled himself.
 I think he quite loves things.
 - But I think it was that other people called him that
 because he had an illness called Pots disease.
 He was only four foot six.
 And he found it very difficult to do anything basically.
 And I think that probably is what slightly made him
 an angry little man.
 - He was four foot six which made it difficult for him
 to do anything or he was four foot six.
 - No, he was also, yeah, like he had lung problems,
 heart problems.
 He had problems walking and standing up for long periods
 and stuff like that.
 - There was a theory that his growth was restricted
 because of his nurse's milk.
 - I believe that is true.
 'Cause it contained a bacteria called myobacterium tuberculosis.
 - It doesn't sound good.
 - No, it doesn't.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, and it causes this thing.
 And he was worried about it.
 And he wrote to Lady Mary Wartley Montague
 who was someone who he really fancied for most of his life
 saying that he imagined a place where women best like
 the ugliest fellows and look upon deformities
 as a signature as a divine favor.
 So he was like really,
 he knew that he was not an attractive man.
 - Yeah, be hard not to know 'cause you clearly aren't.
 And then everyone's telling you you're hideous as well, so.
 - But you're also slacking them off in print.
 - Yeah, and you're slacking yourself off in print.
 And it's very, and it's often should be limited,
 nowadays you could join an app that was specifically
 sort of dating app for people who are short
 and have had odd milk and he would be besieged
 with offers and opportunities.
 - You do wonder if he might actually in this day and age be,
 this is a kind of my facile thing people say on radio,
 isn't it, be a meninist, what are they?
 You know. - In cell?
 - An incel, yes.
 Well, he's small, he's got some confidence issues
 and he hates everyone.
 His podcast would have been terrific.
 We do know that.
 - Very good, wouldn't it?
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Slacking everyone off.
 - The podcast is really good.
 He would never have called himself a wasp
 because that means white Anglo-Saxon Protestant.
 - Yes. - Oh, of course, yes, yes.
 - He was white Anglo-Saxon Catholic.
 - Yeah, that's true.
 - The nickname unpickable, can you already forgotten it,
 the nickname, the name he gave himself
 for writing criticism. - Oh, Esdras Barnveld.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Esdras Barnveld.
 - Stupid idea, I haven't looked up.
 - I don't know if it's an acronym or a--
 - Clues or anything about it.
 - Well, Esdras looks like cod latin, doesn't it?
 Do you know what I mean?
 - It does a bit. - It's like, yeah.
 - But it doesn't quite work.
 - Thanks, Miles, I'm gonna spend the rest of this fact.
 Just reel in the message over and over and over.
 - No, you're right, I should have--
 - Could be an anagram or something.
 - I'm just gonna write out the,
 I'm just gonna write a little spider map of the letters now.
 - Just while you two are doing that,
 I was gonna mention just to Jane something about it.
 - Boris Dippelman, I think it's, yeah.
 - You think that I'm not getting involved
 with this anagram or stuff?
 - Sick. - You've known me
 for 12 years and-- - I'm not gonna get
 involved in it, you can talk to me.
 - Thank you, I really appreciate that.
 This lady, Mary Montague, he fancied her.
 She didn't fancy him.
 Quite an awkward moment where he made
 very, very passionate love to her
 in the old fashioned sense, he didn't, you know--
 - Was it wooing? - Wooing, yes.
 - Propositioning, yeah.
 - And she said that it was like a very awkward moment.
 He'd chosen a socially stupid moment to do it.
 And-- - She was basically convulsing
 in her pet toilet. (both laughing)
 - Yes.
 - She said that he did it so passionately
 that in spite of her utmost endeavors to be angry
 and look grave, she had an immediate fit of laughter.
 So she burst out laughing in his face,
 so then they became sworn enemies
 'cause he was quite upset.
 But the amazing thing about her is
 she invented the smallpox vaccine.
 And I think, I'm surprised we ever mentioned her before,
 actually. - Yeah.
 She was part of that, wasn't she?
 - A few people would claim,
 Jenna was there as well at the time in the area.
 She was the one who first, she went to Turkey
 'cause her husband was an ambassador.
 And she noticed that the locals in Turkey
 visited this lady who injected them
 with little bits of smallpox
 and the children seemed not to get it.
 And so she was the first person who said,
 "Right, I'm gonna get my kid exposed
 "to these weird smallpox rubbings."
 - The really fun thing about that
 is that he then started writing horrible poems about her
 and saying, like, making jokes about smallpox
 and the other kind of pox like venereal disease
 and saying that she, you know, she had syphilis or whatever.
 - Who did he?
 - And she got really upset about it.
 And so what did she do?
 She went to Sir Robert Walpole, the prime minister,
 and asked him to have a word.
 - Terrific.
 - We can all do that with our enemies.
 - I know.
 But yeah, he really fancied Lady Murray.
 - Yes.
 - Whenever he was with her,
 he would start talking in over elaborate puns.
 - Oh, oh, Alexander.
 You're already fighting some considerable disadvantages
 in the romance game.
 Don't do the elaborate puns.
 - I think it might work for some women.
 - James, you're...
 - James, you married you in spite of that.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that's my fact.
 My fact this week is that the first person
 to map the functions of the brain
 did so by literally sticking labels
 to different bits of it on a living person.
 - Sticky labels?
 - Yeah, they look like little post-its.
 And I read the study and I couldn't find out
 exactly what they were made of.
 - It doesn't feel like, 'cause they must have glue on them.
 - Yeah, I think that...
 - Doesn't feel very healthy for a brain.
 - And also to have had a large chunk of their skull...
 - Oh yeah.
 - Yes, no, also.
 - I mean, that struck me first.
 - Awesome.
 - It's temporary, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - Temporal.
 - It grows back.
 (laughing)
 - It's like earthworms.
 You just wear a cap for the rest of your life.
 This was a Canadian neurosurgeon called Wilder Penfield,
 and he was the first person to do that thing
 that you might have seen in Hannibal,
 but also in brain surgery,
 which is safe if you do it right,
 where you can remove someone's scalp while they're awake
 and perform brain surgery on them.
 And he was trying to remove bits of brain
 that caused epileptic seizures
 on people who couldn't be cured any other way,
 but without damaging any other bits of the brain.
 And so he got a little electrode,
 stimulates lots of bits of the brain,
 and then writes down exactly what those bits do.
 So he, you know, poke a bit,
 and then he'd write something like,
 "Twitching of the left arm,"
 or, "Hmm, numbness of right side of the tongue,"
 and he can ask them.
 - Evacuation of the bells.
 (laughing)
 - Repeated cries of help.
 (laughing)
 - And so he'd put numbered labels
 and lettered labels on each bit,
 and he was basically the person who created the map,
 the thing that mapped the brain onto the body,
 the homunculus.
 So he drew, in his study,
 once he performed all these experiments,
 a picture that you've probably seen,
 or seen variations of,
 where you have the brain,
 but then you draw sort of following the line of the brain,
 you draw the size of bits of the body,
 depending on how much brain is allotted to them.
 So, you know, each section of this strip of brain,
 he found that controlled all of our movement,
 there was a section devoted to each finger and the thumb,
 and lots of big sections devoted to the face,
 the eyes, the nose, the ears,
 but then, you know, you've got a tiny torso,
 because what does the brain need to do with this?
 - So it's like a very monstrous figure with a big head,
 big hands, big genitals.
 - Exactly.
 - The male homunculus has big genitals,
 because men devote more of their brain to, you know,
 you're conscious,
 but the female doesn't have any genitals at all,
 and that might be because his sample size was very small
 of the women he was asking about this,
 an experiment, I think it was 2009.
 - 'Cause it certainly isn't that women
 don't have a single bit of their brain
 devoted to their genitals,
 so they've got everything else.
 But yes, we don't really know why he missed the women off,
 but I think it was actually a woman
 who drew the homunculus for him,
 called Mrs. Hortense Cantley,
 and I think some people have suggested
 she was a bit too prudish.
 - She said, "I'm not drawing that."
 (laughing)
 Certainly not at the size you suggest.
 (laughing)
 Make sure you look as if I think of nothing else.
 (laughing)
 - Exactly.
 - This thing, this method he invented
 that you're describing,
 the, you know, your brain is exposed,
 don't being operated on, but you are awake,
 is called, I just love this,
 the Montreal Procedure.
 And it sounds very spy-film-y, doesn't it?
 You know, like, the Ottawa Protocolls.
 You know, there's just a sort of, it's quite cool.
 But if you see people playing a musical instrument
 during their surgery, that's the thing,
 because they need to work out
 how to not damage your brain
 and the bit of you that's doing fine motor movements.
 So if you play the violin, that's really useful to them.
 If you can't play the violin, it's very bad.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And it's got to be an instrument
 that's sort of bearable as well
 within the slightly stressful environment
 of an operating theatre.
 - Oh yeah, you don't want bike bikes.
 - Yeah, exactly that.
 - There was last year.
 - Not many space for a harmonium in here.
 (laughing)
 There was someone last year in Wisconsin,
 he developed really shaking hands
 and he couldn't, it got to the point,
 he couldn't pick up his granddaughter
 and he really wanted to sort that out, obviously.
 And he was operated on for deep brain stimulation.
 And they said, well, do you play an instrument at all?
 And he played the trombone.
 (laughing)
 - Well, he didn't, in the end, he didn't play it.
 He did the fingering movements,
 but it turns out that when you play the trombone,
 you know, it causes high pressure.
 - You know, when you just said,
 when you do the fingering movements
 and then you mined fingering,
 do you know how to play a trombone?
 (laughing)
 - Not, you will play the clarinet there.
 - Yeah, I'll play it.
 - That's a, yeah, alto sax.
 - Yes.
 - That's why my big band failed.
 It would have caused too much pressure inside its head,
 which might have killed him.
 So, yeah.
 - That's the last thing you want
 when you're doing brain surgery on someone.
 - It's very clear.
 This is brain surgery.
 I had brain surgery in 2021.
 And I, so, I then, I found myself sort of fascinated
 by that, you try not to think about it too much beforehand,
 but then afterwards, you think, gosh,
 I'd have to know how that worked.
 I'm not saying I'd like to sort of witness it happening.
 I remember having knee surgery once
 and saying to a friend, is it a physio?
 It sounds fascinating, the operation.
 It's a shame it's not a local anesthetic,
 'cause I quite like to watch it.
 And she said, you would absolutely not.
 (laughing)
 I see a lot of these, no, you would really,
 you would really struggle.
 - Oh, really?
 - But the actual brain aspect of it, I mean, it's so,
 you know, in terms of there's a heavy machinery
 that is required.
 And then there's sort of a very sensitive work
 that's done once that bit's done, you know.
 - Yes.
 - It's absolutely, you know.
 - Yeah.
 - Contrast of skills.
 - Yeah, well, that's the best.
 Then you get a thing like an old fashioned sort of 1970s
 ashtray basically plonked on top of your head
 so they can sort of lead instruments on it or whatever.
 So you sort of turn you into a kind of giant fondue,
 I suppose.
 - Is that what it is?
 - Yeah, so I've got some dents in my head,
 which are like, what's that bit from?
 They go, oh, that's just where the thing was attached.
 You know, this tray is, they'd attach to people's car doors
 for their burgers and things that drive through.
 So sort of clip on.
 - The clip on the equipment shelf onto your brain.
 - Do you not kind of wish they left it there?
 It could be useful.
 - For just for storage.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, I think so.
 - I feel like we've got a house with quite a few
 sort of low door frames and things like that.
 How can I see it?
 How can I see it beginning to impact other members
 of the household as well?
 On my own, of course, I don't see it, I love it, you know.
 - So they sort of had to open and then,
 yeah, they sort of went around the side of the back for me.
 - I find it strange thinking of,
 'cause what Wilder Penfield was doing
 was operating on the surface.
 - Yeah.
 - But not the, I don't know if he got into
 the very deep tissues of the brain and how that's,
 I can't understand how they get through
 one bit of the brain to get to the rest of it.
 I think that's extraordinary.
 - Well, now they can use a sort of laser knife, I think.
 So you're doing, that's basically,
 you're targeting something specifically,
 not just in a sort of two-dimensional way,
 but in a three-dimensional way.
 Goodness knows how the science of that works.
 - Is that what they did?
 Do they use a laser on you?
 - For me, no.
 What I had was a fairly, within this particular field,
 quite a straightforward view.
 - Just a spoon.
 - Just a spoon, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Dessert spoon, please.
 Do you wish you'd been awake during it?
 - No, I, no, I don't, I really don't.
 But I am sort of fascinated by the, I just,
 I didn't used to be sort of fascinated by it,
 I just sort of slightly take it for granted, I suppose.
 But the idea of then doing something so extreme
 and the sheer usefulness that that is now
 in terms of what symptoms that can be related
 to an aspect of the brain and therefore you could have no,
 you don't have to go in at all.
 You could just go, "Oh no, this is textbook."
 If that's happening, it's because
 there's a specific issue and it can be got to
 without us even going inside you.
 - Yeah.
 - You know, a sort of piece of laser equipment
 can handle that.
 That's, I mean, it's completely remarkable.
 - It is mad.
 - And I feel like we always owe such a big thank you
 to Epileptics over the last 100 years for it
 'cause it's basically them who are always
 being experimented on.
 Like hundreds of times, if you've got epilepsy,
 they're fascinated because you have an excuse
 to open the brain, so they say, "While we're here,
 do you mind if we do lots of twiddling around
 to find out how the brain works?"
 - That's what Penfield was doing quite a lot, wasn't it?
 - That's what Penfield was doing, yes.
 - I find him so interesting.
 He had a really amazing life.
 He's a classic friend of the podcast, I'd say,
 in that served in the First World War.
 His ship was torpedoed and sank.
 His obituary was printed,
 despite him not being dead when that happened.
 He was a road scholar at Oxford.
 He was a football coach before that in his homeland.
 He was a medical ambassador after all these big discoveries.
 His sister had a terrible brain cancer
 and he operated on her to try and save her life.
 Really complicated surgery and very dangerous.
 He had to remove an eighth of her brain in the process.
 He wasn't able to save her life in the end,
 but he did grant her years more of life
 that she wouldn't have had otherwise.
 But he was really pioneering.
 He was just discovering new things all the time
 and then having to do the most difficult thing imaginable.
 I imagine operating on a member of your family
 to try and save their life, just extraordinary.
 - I think there's a time after which
 it does count as saving your life.
 If someone's lived an extra five years,
 plus I'd be saved their life, you can claim that.
 - It's a terrifying area in which to be a pioneer in.
 I remember some builders saying to us when we lived in Peckham,
 we talked to them about loft extensions.
 So we haven't done one before,
 but of course you have to do a first one, don't you?
 And we thought, "Nah, sorry, guys."
 The idea of having that conversation
 in a sort of neurology war.
 Terrifying.
 - Can I do something quickly about how the brain evolved?
 'Cause it's kind of mental, right?
 So you go back to the start of animals.
 You have something called coano-flagellates,
 and they're the relatives of all animals.
 And they are the first ones
 where the cells can talk to each other.
 So that's kind of where brain cells begin,
 because you've got lots of cells talking to each other.
 And they have been described as a sperm wearing a skirt,
 'cause that's what they look like.
 Basically, they're very, very simple animals.
 - Sounds like the sort of thing
 Pope would call someone that he had got.
 (all laughing)
 - And then you got neurons, okay?
 So these are actual brain cells.
 And they started in something called an herbilitarian.
 Oh, he said, "hypothetical animal."
 But it's definitely a common ancestor
 of all the animals that are split in two.
 So like, basically all mammals
 and lots of other animals as well.
 They had the first tiny brain.
 They also had the first eyes and the first anuses.
 And people usually draw them like a little slug, okay?
 - Okay, their pioneers, seriously.
 And socially, they must have been very popular, you know?
 They're cut above the neighbors.
 - Yeah, yeah. - They've got eyes,
 they've got, what was it?
 - An anus. - An anus and a brain.
 - People must have been terribly bunged up till then.
 - Please. (all laughing)
 Very uncomfortable.
 - Often things would come out of the same way as the mouth.
 - Oh, dear.
 - Very much an Alexander Pope and Mr. Curl situation.
 - Pope toilets were ruined across the world.
 - And then it's really difficult for brains to evolve, right?
 - Because you kind of need them to work all the time.
 So you can't just keep trying things
 because if you try something,
 probably that animal will struggle to live, right?
 - Sort of mutations. - To mutate, right?
 So sometime around 500 million years ago,
 two organisms had sex
 and their entire genome was duplicated, okay?
 And these are relatives of all the future mammals
 and all the future kind of this.
 And when you had two lots of the genome,
 that meant that one half of the genome
 could start practicing and start trying things out.
 And then you get loads more mutations there.
 And you might have an extra arm here
 or an extra bigger brain or whatever.
 And that's really important for brains to develop.
 And then we now think, and this is really recent,
 we think that that happened a second time,
 about 100 million years ago,
 where the entire genome got duplicated.
 And that's when the brains got much, much bigger.
 And we're not sure about that,
 but it's called the Ono Hypothesis.
 - Hypothesis?
 - After Japanese geneticists, Sumo Ono.
 (all laughing)
 - Very good.
 - So there's no exclamation mark.
 - There's no exclamation mark.
 - Not only one, that's perfect.
 - And then you get the brain.
 There's a few other steps.
 (all laughing)
 - But now you've got it to the punch line.
 (all laughing)
 - I just found this funny name
 and I thought, how am I gonna get to it?
 - Long and winding road.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number four and that's James.
 - Okay, my fact this week
 is that in 1885, a Samoan king plotted to kill a rival
 by disguising his army as a 200 man cricket team.
 (all laughing)
 - Was he caught out?
 - Oh, yeah, very good.
 - Was he caught out?
 - When he slipped.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, let's get those out of the way.
 - Is it a bit sledgehammer to crack or not?
 Getting a 200 man team to kill one rival.
 - Oh, well, the rival would have had an opposition army.
 - Oh, he had his own men coming.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - 400 ping pong players.
 (all laughing)
 - So this is 19th century Samoa.
 Cricket had been brought over by the British
 and they kind of had their own version
 that had lots and lots and lots of players in a team.
 We might get to a specific cricket in a minute
 and how that's different than normal cricket.
 But he was in Apia, the capital of Samoa
 and he'd heard that his rival was gonna come over
 and try and take over
 and he decided he was gonna get in there first.
 So he sent like a Trojan horse of cricketers
 'cause you might have a really big cricket team
 in those days.
 They had like the cricket bats and the cricket balls
 in these boats when they're going from one island
 to another, but underneath were guns
 and grenades and stuff like that.
 - So they weren't just gonna use the ball to the back
 'cause this was the days before Bodyline was banned.
 So you could really just kill people.
 - That's true.
 - Just like sharpened stumps and things like that.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - But the coup was foiled in the end
 thanks to the indiscretion
 of one of the players.
 - Oh, she must have, that's a very poor team member.
 - Yes.
 - That's like Kevin Peterson texting the opposition.
 I mean, what's going on?
 That's a very nice reference, but what specific cricket
 then if you can have?
 'Cause obviously to us like 200, that would be like
 that's half the playing staff of the county championship.
 It would sort of stick out like a sore thumb, wouldn't it?
 But you could have the specific cricket
 has complete different rules.
 - Yeah, definitely.
 So Samoa wasn't really into cricket for ages
 and then it turned out that the British brought cricket
 to Tonga and Tonga got really into it.
 And they would, the Tongans would go over to Samoa
 and say, "Oh, you guys can't play cricket, you idiots."
 And so the Samoans decided
 that they were going to get into it as well.
 - They're very childish aren't they, the Samoans?
 Yeah, you're probably not supposed to say it.
 - It comes across that way, doesn't it?
 But then it just kind of evolves that way.
 You know, like village against village.
 Even in those times, soccer and rugby and stuff
 was quite often much bigger teams like village against village.
 But in Samoa, yeah, it kind of evolved that way.
 And it's known as kilikitty.
 It's actually pronounced cricket,
 but it's spelled kilikitty.
 So most people would say kilikitty.
 - It's really fun.
 - Yeah, and you might have,
 instead of one batsman at each side,
 you might have three batsmen at each side
 and you would have no sixes and fours.
 You would just whack the ball
 and then just keep running and running.
 - Run as many as you can.
 - Quite often you would have runners,
 which you don't really get in cricket these days so much.
 So if you were overweight,
 you would just get a young person
 in to do all the running for you and stuff.
 - Is this kilikitty?
 I'm gonna say that.
 - Let's say kilikitty, yeah.
 - The Samoan version.
 It was so much fun that when in the year 1900,
 Britain ceded control of Samoa to Germany,
 the Germans banned it.
 'Cause it was taking up so much people's time.
 And in Tonga, in fact,
 they had to pass a law
 that you're only allowed to play it one day a week.
 'Cause everyone was just bunking off the whole time
 to go and play cricket.
 'Cause also, if you're that many people playing,
 presumably, you could be perhaps not very active
 in the game, but be quite happily absorbed.
 If you've got 200 people on each team,
 then there's quite a few passengers, aren't there?
 - Absolutely.
 - The level of which I play,
 you can have sort of two or three people.
 I could sort of, you know,
 I pulled a muscle the other week
 and I couldn't really move and that was fine.
 - Doesn't make any difference.
 - If you've got 200 people,
 you really could turn up going,
 where's the sort of quieter?
 The ball doesn't seem to be going anywhere much.
 - Yeah, you're so right.
 - They did ban it,
 but actually no one paid any attention to it.
 They carried on playing anyway.
 But there was a civil servant there
 called Philip Snow.
 This was just before it was ceded to Germany.
 And he said that work,
 Wesleyism and women were all suffering
 due to cricket, basically.
 He was saying, because people were so into cricket,
 they just were doing nothing else.
 They weren't going to church.
 They weren't looking after the family
 and they weren't doing any work.
 - I mean, cricket's more fun than all those things.
 So, he was CP Snow's brother.
 For anyone who likes to read CP Snow.
 Philip Snow, this chap who went out
 and yelled at cricket.
 - And CP Snow was?
 - And CP Snow was a writer.
 I've actually never read any CP Snow.
 - I've read the two cultures.
 - Is he good?
 - It's terrific.
 It's about the world of arts and the world of science
 and how...
 - Anyway, back to cricket.
 (laughing)
 - It's basically saying, I'll just say it,
 if you say, I don't know what an atom is,
 no one looks down on you in a social setting, right?
 Whereas if you say, I've never heard of Mozart.
 - I've never read CP Snow.
 (laughing)
 - That people will think you're a complete
 irretrievable idiot.
 And he was saying, this is not really a reasonable thing
 because actually atoms are arguably
 even more important than Mozart.
 And you shouldn't have this huge divide
 between the two cultures.
 - Mozart was made of atoms in many ways.
 - Exactly.
 (laughing)
 - And so, it's mad that the absolute granular,
 like the most basic floor level entry thing of science,
 for example, knowing what an atom is.
 - We're not expected to know.
 - We should be expected to know that.
 You know?
 Anyway, it's a terrific essay.
 It's an essay, it's not even a book, it's short.
 - Anyway, cricket, you're talking about cricket?
 - Yeah, sorry.
 - When I'm killer kitty, the bowling is all throwing.
 So, you know in cricket, you're not allowed to throw the ball.
 You're not allowed to chuck.
 - I've seen it, I've seen it, I'm telling you.
 - You had to keep a straight arm the whole time
 and sort of go over the top of your head
 and throw the ball like that.
 But you're not allowed to,
 if you were to throw a snowball, for instance,
 you would bend your elbow, wouldn't you?
 - Yes, I would.
 - We've already said in the past
 that you're not great at throwing things.
 - No, and this is taking me right back
 to a cricket ball throwing competition,
 which I lost as a boy.
 We don't need to get into it back.
 Mental snake pit.
 - But it was too a nine-year-old, isn't it?
 - It was too a seven-year-old.
 - So sorry, seven.
 - And you were at what age?
 - 14.
 - Okay, did they have particularly long arms?
 She did not.
 (all laughing)
 But she was German and I think that gave her
 a sudden athleticism, which meant that I, yeah, anyway,
 look, when I actually grew up in sort of Soviet era,
 she'd been one of these people
 who had been sent to a throwing college
 from the age of three.
 (all laughing)
 She heavily drugged.
 She's clearly never seen a cricket ball
 before in her life being German.
 - Roided up to the max, yeah.
 Anyway, look, we're not here to,
 if I could have one bit of my brain removed,
 I think it might actually be that memory.
 (all laughing)
 - So this is according to a writer called C.H.B. Pridham,
 who said about the bowling as all throwing.
 He also said, "There is no idea of defensive play."
 So in cricket, if someone bowls to you,
 a lot of the time you're just trying to stop them
 from getting you out.
 You're not trying to score runs, but there was none of that.
 And he also said, "Barracking is not in the Australian model,
 but consists of pious invocations of the deity."
 So you wouldn't say, you know, why are you so fat?
 'Cause every time your wife shags me,
 she gives me a biscuit or whatever.
 You would say--
 - As we would say.
 (all laughing)
 - As Shane Moore famously said,
 but you would say instead, God's gonna get you.
 - You've been abounding and neglecting your Wesleyanism.
 Would you say that?
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - But that really hurt in the 19th century.
 And they really, in Calicutty,
 they really sort of made it official, the Barracking.
 So they had, this was a particularly Calicutty in Samoa,
 so slightly different between Pacific islands,
 but they had cheerleaders called Lap,
 and they would dance and they would sing
 to support their--
 - The Lap dancers.
 (all laughing)
 No, darling, no, it's not what it sounds like.
 (all laughing)
 It just sound like, actually it does sound like it.
 (all laughing)
 But actually, it could be that this was all just one man's
 excuse for something that I've read,
 but apparently the Lap dancers would sing around
 and the batsmen would get all geed up,
 and then once their sides bowled out,
 then they switch over to the other group of Laps,
 and they're the ones who Barrack and Hurlabue sat
 the opposition as their backing.
 - This all sounds better than the hundred.
 (all laughing)
 As a format, I think.
 - So you play cricket, Miles, don't you?
 - Yes, and not, I should say, to a very high standard.
 - With your county days are behind you.
 - Long behind, and in many ways ahead.
 (all laughing)
 - Are you a butter or a bowler?
 - I'm bits and pieces, really.
 I'm there, I particularly like the bit afterwards,
 where you sit down in a camping chair
 and talk about what's just happened.
 To me, that's what the day is building up to.
 - It's very important to happen to this.
 - James, you like going to really unusual places
 at unusual times, I think that's fair.
 Have you ever been to Bramble Bank?
 - Give me more?
 - I have.
 - In the Solent?
 - Yes, I have.
 - Oh, no, I haven't, in fact, if it's in the Solent, no.
 - This is, so we're talking for international listeners,
 just between Southampton and the Isle of Wight, basically.
 - Yeah, it's sort of in the French channel.
 - Yeah, just La Monche, if you're listening from,
 no, we have no French listeners,
 we've shaken them all off over the years.
 - Why does that happen?
 Are we really delivering policy stuff about cricket,
 basically, yeah.
 - As a group of people who have played a gig in Paris,
 we could definitely say we have no French listeners.
 - Oh, really?
 - But basically, there is the sound bar
 in the middle of the Solent,
 which drains out twice a year for one hour or so.
 - Yeah.
 - And they try and play a game of cricket on it
 as soon as it opens up.
 - And you've been there?
 - Yeah, I did a thing with Stuart Broad, the England Cricketer,
 where it was sort of a promotional thing,
 but we had to get there very early,
 quite early in the morning,
 we've got, I think, a boat called us Rib,
 which is like some sort of speedboat thing
 that they hang quite a lot of people on,
 and arrive at this, and they just start playing.
 It's very, it's not very big at all.
 It was quite, you know, just as much you get on this can.
 And they do set up some stumps quickly,
 and just play a sort of a game of knock about cricket.
 I was umpiring, Stuart Broad was playing.
 - I'm gonna say, if you just turned it up there
 with your mates on this sort of sand bank,
 and Stuart Broad turns up on the greatest bowlers
 of all time.
 - It was, yeah, I mean, the golf obviously is extraordinary,
 but he was just whacking everything.
 But you have to, you know, you're fielding,
 you have to go and get the ball out of the sea and stuff.
 - Yes, it doesn't land in the water.
 - Well, yeah.
 - Yeah, and it just gets to a point where they go,
 "Okay, it's up to our ankles, we've got to go."
 The last sort of bit you're playing.
 And there was spectators as well.
 Of course, the longer the game goes on,
 the closer the spectators have to stand for the action.
 There are people playing the game.
 We're further away from the wickets and the spectators.
 - And all the lap dancers as well, that must be a nightmare.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - The idea of being on the south coast after the game is over,
 like being a part of like the immigration authorities,
 and seeing one of these small inflatable boats coming back,
 and looking at them, thinking,
 "Is that Miles Jappens, Stuart Broad?"
 (laughing)
 - What are they?
 - I hope we're not expecting a coup.
 (laughing)
 - Amazing.
 Have you heard of the fellowship
 of Fairly Odd Places Cricket Club?
 - No.
 - So this is a Dutch team,
 and they only play one game every year,
 but it always has to be somewhere strange.
 So the first game they played
 was on the borders of Belgium and Netherlands.
 You know, it's a really sort of funky border
 where you can walk from the Belgium into the Netherlands
 across the border like 10 times.
 The second game was against the Vatican.
 They thought that they were gonna win that easily,
 but they got absolutely battered.
 (laughing)
 They thought it was gonna be a load of Cardinals and stuff,
 but it turned out to be a load of theology students.
 - Brilliant.
 - Who were all great at cricket, it turned out.
 - Should have called themselves the Vatican.
 (laughing)
 Carry on.
 - I'm trying to pull Lady Mary-Wartley-Montague off
 and it shows over.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, dear.
 It doesn't even feel worth carrying on after that, does it?
 They played Iceland in the Northern Arctic.
 - It was more hard to trump the invention of the Anus.
 (laughing)
 - They played Andorra and they, in 2017,
 the last one I could find,
 they played a place called Hirst Schanger in Munich,
 and they chose that as Fairly Odd
 because of the proximity of the Newt Sombavers
 in nearby garden.
 (laughing)
 - Were they sort of a target?
 Was it like that's a four?
 That's a six?
 - Six and out.
 - Yeah.
 - Wide ball.
 No, it's just the way the lights show falling across it.
 - Let me see your googly.
 (laughing)
 - Crikey.
 - Oh, crikey.
 - Oh, dear.
 - You went on Mastermind years ago, didn't you?
 - I've done it twice, yeah.
 - Oh, have you?
 Well, once your specialist subject
 was David Gower.
 - Yeah, that was unsuccessful.
 - Is it?
 - Yes, the first time, though,
 it was Mike Latham.
 Cricketer Mike Latham.
 - Okay.
 - And I had no passes on that one,
 but I didn't really get out on the block
 second time.
 - Both times, you picked a cricketer.
 - So it's not broad interest, isn't it?
 - It's why, because they say, what's your,
 no, not at all.
 - He has got a broad interest.
 (laughing)
 - Well, David Gower, do you know,
 I wonder if there's something that you don't know about him,
 but did he ever tell you?
 So did you meet him?
 - Many times, yeah.
 - Okay, you have?
 - Yeah.
 - I was reading about him.
 So he's a famous, he was an England cricketer.
 - Thank you.
 - In the eighties.
 He sounds like quite a fun guy, actually.
 In 1990, he went on holiday to St. Moritz,
 and he had, there was a frozen lake,
 and he was in a hire car at three in the morning.
 You can only imagine that if he was breathalyzed,
 it might not have gone well,
 but I'm not saying that I know that for sure.
 It was three in the morning,
 and he thought, I'll drive around on the lake.
 And he spent an hour zooming around on the lake,
 you know, doing handbrake turns and spins
 and having a great time.
 And then he saw a patch of what he knew was thin ice.
 He thought, cool, I'll try and drive towards that
 and brake just before I get to it.
 - Just sensible decisions at three a.m.
 You know, is it crooked?
 Isn't exciting enough on this day?
 (all laughing)
 - And he misjudged it, and he didn't break in time,
 and the car sort of went through the ice
 and got quite stuck, and he tried to reverse out.
 So it didn't go all, it didn't sink all the way down.
 It just got a bit wedged in the ice, broke through.
 So eventually he had to climb out and walk back to the hotel,
 went to bed, and the next morning came down
 and said to the hotel manager,
 would you mind sort of calling your people
 and checking if there's still a hire car on the lake?
 'Cause I need to go and pick it up.
 And sadly the hotel manager said, no, there's not.
 - No, there's no longer any ice on the lake.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 And the hire car was never seen again.
 But that made me think, he sounds like fun.
 - He's Johnny, yeah, well he injured himself.
 I think he did the crester run.
 - I think he once had to miss some matches
 'cause he'd broken himself between the crester run.
 - Did he? - What'd I do?
 - Bob sledding. - Yeah, yeah.
 - He also did that in the hire car.
 (laughing)
 Hurt, yeah, it certainly does.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us,
 you can find some of these people
 on some of their social medias.
 James, you're on--
 - My Instagram, it's no such thing as James Harkin.
 - There you go, Andy.
 - My Instagram is @andrewhunterm.
 - Miles, do you, are you contactable?
 - I'm not actually.
 - I'll share, I'll just phone number
 with you all in the credits of the show.
 And to get in touch with us as a group,
 you can email podcast.ky.com
 or you can tweet @nosuchthing
 or go to Instagram @nosuchthing as a fish.
 Or head to our website,
 listen to all of our previous episodes for free.
 Or if you wanna be part of the exclusive,
 awesome, really cool secret club, Club Fish,
 then pay a teeny bit of money
 in order to listen to extra bonus content
 and add free episodes and much else besides,
 but mostly that.
 And if not, we'll see you all again next week.
 Thanks for listening and bye-bye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
