 (whimsical music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here
 with Anna Chazinski, James Harkin, and Andrew Anja Murray.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in a particular order, here we go, starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that a group of scientists
 is currently making their own lava.
 Pretty cool.
 So there's a lot of scientists who are,
 the University of Buffalo's Center for GeoHazard Studies
 and they want to study what it's like
 when lava and water meet,
 'cause it's something that you don't get to study a lot
 in the wild, in the natural world.
 But it's really important as well,
 because when lava and water meet,
 it gets really, really explosive as opposed to only
 normal lava explosivity.
 And so they are making their own stuff
 and they melt 10 gallons of basaltic rock
 at a time in a furnace at 2,500 degrees.
 - Is there not a thing about water and lava meeting,
 which is related to the ladenfrost effects,
 one of James's favorite effects?
 I think it's, which is when two substances
 of vastly different temperatures meet each other
 and it means that the water isn't caused
 to boil straight away, because this layer of gas
 suddenly forms between the water and the lava.
 And I think that might be what makes it so explosive,
 because this layer of gas forms
 and then eventually that layer of gas collapses
 and then this massive explosion happens to us.
 - Do you know where they could have gone
 to see lava meet water?
 - No.
 - 1973.
 (laughing)
 - They went to 1973.
 There's a nice landic town called Vest Mania,
 I'm pronouncing that wrong, obviously.
 But in 1973, they had a volcano erupt
 and the lava was heading towards this town,
 which was quite far away.
 And what they decided to do was they got water cannons
 and they pumped billions of gallons of water
 at the lava that was approaching to stop it.
 And they did it from months on end
 and eventually did stop and so the town was saved.
 - Some people would say it is harder for scientists
 to build a time machine and go back to 1973,
 possibly even than making their own lava.
 - It would have been a better fact though.
 - Wasn't there a town, was it in Spain,
 or Italy, where there was a volcano going off?
 The villagers kind of made a trench
 so that the lava wouldn't go into their towns.
 But instead they directed it into the next town.
 (laughing)
 - It was in Sicily.
 - It was one mountaineer exploded.
 The village was called Catania
 and they dug an artificial breach
 so to redirect the lava.
 And the really cool thing is they,
 do you know how they kept cool?
 They wore wet sheep skins while they were working.
 - But they, the villagers who they redirected
 the lava flow to then redirected it back
 to this other place called Boterno
 and the Boternians just sent it right back that way.
 - No!
 - It's so funny.
 - Do you know how to tell if a volcano explodes
 whether you're really, really, really in trouble?
 - No.
 - And you look up at the spout of lava
 that's coming out of the volcano.
 And if it's moving left or right,
 you're absolutely fine from your perspective.
 If it appears to be staying still, you're in trouble.
 - Well, because presumably that's coming towards you.
 - Because it's exactly on the same axis as you.
 - I'll be going directly away from you.
 - Well, it's not James, it's coming towards you.
 (laughing)
 - I'm being annoying.
 (laughing)
 - I find it amazing that volcanoes are made of lava.
 I never really thought of that.
 I thought, oh, they're just made of rock
 that's sticking up and then the lava comes out of it.
 But they're made of either lava or lava
 and ash in layers, building up over millions of years.
 - I thought what was amazing is,
 do you remember the tunnel going through the Alps?
 The Got-Hard tunnel, do you remember that?
 And how, when they went through it,
 some of the time the rock was really hard
 and then some of it was crumbly like sand.
 - You always think of a mountain as being like solid
 all the way through, but it's amazing
 that there are gaps in there and little crumbly bits
 and it's like a trifle.
 - Yeah, you said there are bits,
 you said, 'cause we did on nice such things the news,
 there are bits which were as soft as butter.
 - Yeah.
 - But I can't believe that.
 Actually.
 - You can't believe it's butter.
 (laughing)
 - You'd be so annoyed if you were building on that mountain
 or you're trying to get through that mountain
 and your mate got the butter bit
 and you've got the granite bit next to it.
 - So you turned up with a massive boring machine
 and he's just got a buster knife.
 (laughing)
 - Actually, speaking of tunnels,
 there are lava-related tunnels on the moon.
 - Oh, there's the best thing I've read this week.
 - It's so amazing.
 Yeah, and I can't believe I didn't know these existed.
 So we discovered this quite recently, I think,
 that the moon has these underground tunnels
 and they were formed by lava flows 3.5 billion years ago.
 So lava would flow and then it solidifies on top,
 faster than it solidifies underneath.
 So the top creates this roof and then underneath the roof
 is hollowed out as the lava flows through it.
 And so there are these hollow lava tunnels
 and one of the ways we know this is because they have things
 called skylights in these tunnels,
 which is where a bit of them fall in
 and then we see this hole that suddenly created
 which shows us this tunnel underneath.
 - It's so cool.
 The reason that scientists are really interested in it
 is because the idea of building these moon bases
 that always get proposed one day will have a moon base.
 They actually think so part of the problem
 with moon bases is all the radiation coming in
 and they think that these tubes could lead
 to these sort of underground bunkers
 where we could put the bases.
 So they're now looking into these tubes
 and they've got probes that have been flying over,
 they've been sussing them out and trying to learn more.
 - So exciting. - Yeah, so it's amazing.
 - You know how we've been discussing
 in the office recently, the football
 and Iceland has a lot of volcanoes?
 Well, the Icelandic football team
 until the 1950s played and practiced on lava.
 They played on gravel which was made of crushed lava.
 - Wow, that's great.
 - They wonder they're good these days.
 - More impressive to do it on liquid lava
 as it flows out of the volcano.
 That would be pretty cool.
 'Cause also if you put your foot on lava,
 it's so hot that it sets fire to your foot.
 So that would be quite cool.
 You'd look like one of those cartoon characters
 that has your shoes on fire.
 - No, that would have been a very impressive.
 - Yes.
 - Yeah, I mean it's not a practical idea.
 - In cartoons you do see people falling into lava
 but that would never happen 'cause lava's quite thick
 and gloopy and more viscous and humans.
 - Would you just fall onto it?
 - You fall onto it and settle on fire.
 - Right.
 - Rather than kind of go, "No!"
 and kind of the last thing you see
 is your arm going into the lava here that's--
 - So what about the end of Terminator 2, spoiler alert,
 where Arnie of course goes into the liquid steel?
 - Well, is he not a robot?
 - He's made of metal.
 - Yeah, so it's slightly different to humans.
 - It's a huge difference.
 - Yeah.
 - He'll have a different density to humans.
 - All right.
 - They have researched it Andy.
 They're not just making stuff up on the top of their heads.
 - Yeah, no, no, no.
 - Have a swim in Terminator?
 - No, he doesn't, that's why.
 (laughing)
 - I was reading Mark Komode in Simon Mayo's book
 and they were talking about movie endings
 that don't quite make scientific sense
 and one of them they say is that Lord of the Rings
 right at the end, for Frodo to go into Volcano,
 that wouldn't be possible
 because you would just explode from the heat.
 - Sure.
 - Is that true?
 - How dense are hobbits?
 I mean, these are all made up things aren't they?
 - Volcanoes aren't made up,
 but they're in a fancy world, so they could have them.
 - Talking could have specified
 that in Middle-earth volcanoes are a bit colder.
 (laughing)
 - Oh yeah, that's true.
 - Now you do have cold volcanoes.
 Have you heard about this?
 - No.
 - Are you talking about fountains?
 (laughing)
 - There is a volcano called Gelae Volcano,
 which is near Lake Natron, which is in Tanzania
 and their lava is made out of natural carbonateite
 and it has a different melting point to normal rock.
 Which means it's a lot colder than normal volcanoes.
 I mean, it is 510 degrees Celsius, so it's not that cold,
 but it is that slight half the temperature
 of a normal volcano.
 - Bring a jumper, you're saying.
 - I'm saying it.
 - If you're gonna wear wet sheepskins,
 then you'll be better off at that one
 than a normal volcano.
 - It's a great tip.
 - Okay.
 - Although you do get ice lava.
 - Really?
 - What?
 - How cool is this?
 Not on Earth on other planets,
 but they're in the solar system.
 There are ice volcanoes, also known as cryovolcanoes,
 and they throw up not molten rocks,
 they throw up water or ammonia or methane in liquid form.
 And then it's so cold on those planets
 that it freezes almost instantly,
 that crashes to the ground.
 And so that happens on Pluto,
 it happens on some other moons.
 - That's very cool.
 - Yeah.
 - Has anyone seen a mud volcano?
 - Nope, no.
 - I saw some of them in Romania last week.
 You kind of drive up to the top of like a mountain.
 It's kind of a flat plateau.
 And then you just have this bubbling mud,
 these little pits of bubbling mud,
 and then they kind of spurred out a little bit
 and then rolled down the hill.
 And it's just, yeah, it's a really awesome,
 - It sounds like you'd expect some kind of slime monster
 to emerge from it.
 - Yeah.
 - Is it dangerous?
 - Is it dangerous?
 - Yeah.
 - When you go there, they tell you not to touch it,
 but because it's in Romania
 and they don't really seem to bother about health
 and safety too much,
 it's not like in Britain there would probably be fences
 and you won't be able to go within a mile of them,
 but actually you can go right up to them.
 - And that's why you're missing a hand this week.
 (all laughing)
 That was actually eaten by the slime monster.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, here's the thing.
 The largest volcano in the world,
 and he guesses as to which or where it is.
 - In the world.
 - In the world.
 - Yeah.
 - Is it underwater?
 - It's underwater.
 - It's called the Tamu Massif.
 It's a thousand miles east of Japan underwater.
 It is equivalent in area to the British Isles.
 It is 120,000 square miles in area as of volcano.
 It's not active thankfully,
 but it's so gradual, the slope on it
 that if you were on the seabed,
 you would not be able to tell which way it was
 towards the top.
 It's really, really, really, really gradual towards the top.
 But it is, it does slope, and it is the size of Britain.
 - You know, scientists have made lava before.
 A couple of years ago, they made lava by heating up rock.
 This was a scientist at Syracuse University
 and it took them 70 hours to heat-rock and turn it into lava.
 And once they'd done it, they made the world's hottest barbecue.
 - It's hard enough, isn't it?
 To make sure that the outside of your chicken wing
 is not burnt in the inside's coat.
 It's gonna be charcoal on the outside
 and completely rarer on the floor.
 - Yeah, apparently there was a chef called Sam Bompas
 who was present and he said it was the best steak
 he'd ever had.
 - Yeah, right.
 He's always going around saying that.
 Bompas.
 Okay, so just quickly this is about making things artificially.
 - Do you know what the hottest temperature that humans
 have ever made is?
 - What?
 - 7.2 trillion degrees Fahrenheit.
 - And what's that in centre grade?
 - It's only 4 trillion degrees Celsius.
 - I don't know what either of those numbers mean,
 but light is that hotter than...
 - To give you an example, that's 250,000 times hotter
 than the sun.
 - Yeah.
 - It's that Bismarck 75 million.
 (laughing)
 Fan-on or fan-on?
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that the word Timbuktu
 means woman with a sticky out belly button.
 So this is a book that I'm reading the moment called
 The Bad Ass Librarians of Timbuktu
 by Joshua Hammer and it's a brilliant book
 and this is just the first bite that I found in there
 when I started reading it.
 And nobody really actually knows why it comes from this phrase.
 There's some thought that it might have been
 the goddess that they look towards.
 What I kind of thought is maybe it's just a belly button thing
 and it could be that it's in some kind of depression.
 I think Timbuktu's in like a depression
 so it could be like it's the belly button of that area.
 - Although then that would be a real any, wouldn't it?
 - Yeah, so it's a depression.
 - Unless you're looking at it from the other side.
 - You're right.
 - From inside here.
 (laughing)
 You're right.
 No, I think there are some disagreements about the translation.
 It could be large belly button rather than sticky out belly button.
 - Okay.
 - It's one of these kind of nobody quite knows
 but this is the most likely.
 - That is condition, isn't it?
 There's a medical condition which gives you sticky out
 of belly buttons.
 - Is that so?
 - And it's known in the area.
 - Yeah, and it's known in the area.
 It does happen there so possibly that was a woman.
 - I read actually on a Reddit thread
 and I couldn't verify it that someone said,
 "As per my source, brackets the 1996 Guinness Book of World Records."
 So if anyone's got that check it,
 the longest outie ever recorded was 11.9 inches.
 - Oh, come on.
 (laughing)
 - If someone's really screwed up the unbilical cord.
 - If you have like a sensitive cord.
 - Oh, but that's not how it works.
 - Oh, so that's not it.
 - A lot of people think that a belly button
 is where they've got the unbilical cord but it's not.
 - It always gets cut a couple of inches away
 from the stomach but then the muscles seal themselves off
 and that bit of skin just dries up.
 And I don't know where it goes.
 I mean, there have been 90 billion of those things
 since humanity evolved.
 - But you think there's some kind of a pit somewhere?
 - There must be somewhere.
 - Shed belly buttons.
 (laughing)
 - But it's like, for instance, everyone's toenails
 are always growing and people trim them.
 But it's not like there's a massive cave of toenails.
 - It says, "Well, you know James."
 (laughing)
 - Wait till we get to--
 - Wait until we get to--
 - So Tim Buck too.
 - Yeah.
 - Do you know what it's twinned with?
 This is rather nice.
 It's twinned with "Hey on Why."
 - Oh, yeah.
 - And when it was announced, someone from "Hey" said,
 "Tim Buck too" is the oldest home of the written word in Africa.
 It has a large number of private and public libraries
 housing ancient Arabic and African manuscripts.
 "Hey on Why" is the second hand book capital of the world.
 (laughing)
 - That's basically the same.
 - Actually Tim Buck too had a few was twin with a few
 and actually, obviously that makes you not a twin
 as soon as you've got more than one.
 - Yes.
 - You can't be tripleted with.
 - It's amazing looking into Tim Buck too
 because I genuinely knew nothing about it.
 I know the only thing I knew about it
 was that it was a lyric in an Oliver song.
 - Go to Tim Buck too and back again.
 That's the only thing I knew about it.
 - Yeah.
 - And it turns out that it was this incredible
 cultural hotspot for knowledge in the--
 - Well, that's why it's so good that it's twinned
 with the second half of the world.
 Because actually it's right.
 They do have loads of manuscripts.
 And this book is about a guy who tried to take a load
 of manuscripts away from Tim Buck too
 to the Mali and Capital Bamako
 because they were under threat by Islamists.
 - Yeah, and it's an amazing story, isn't it?
 - It's a great story.
 - And they genuinely did it.
 So Islamists were coming into Tim Buck too
 and they thought we bet they're gonna try
 and destroy our libraries
 'cause they had hundreds of thousands
 of really valuable manuscripts
 and lo and behold, a short while later, a few months later,
 then the libraries were sort of raised to the ground
 and they'd managed to save and smuggle out of the country
 more than 300,000 manuscripts
 and a few hundred were left.
 So everyone thought when these libraries collapsed,
 oh no, that's all gone.
 And then these guys came out of the woodwork
 saying, don't worry about it.
 We got rid of them.
 - And where are they now?
 - I'm not telling you.
 (laughing)
 'Cause this goes out on the internet.
 - So why did Tim Buck too have a big collapse
 to the point where I read a 2006 survey of 150 Britons,
 34% did not believe it existed.
 - So I've actually got the survey here
 and this was reported by the sun
 under the headline Tim Buck, who?
 (laughing)
 - God.
 - But anyway, the survey, I think this is the survey
 we're talking about now, it was in 2010
 and it was of 18 to 30 year olds.
 - Okay. - Okay.
 And of them, maybe it was the same,
 maybe it was different.
 Half thought that Tim Buck too was made up.
 10% thought that Kazakhstan wasn't real.
 A third said that Atlantis was somewhere in Greece
 and one person thought that France was in Spain.
 (laughing)
 - But actually for a long time, Tim Buck too,
 people weren't sure whether it existed.
 It was kind of a half legendary place in North Africa
 and because Europeans didn't really go to North Africa,
 a lot of people went to try and find this so-called city
 where great education happened and so on.
 - And gold reserves, right?
 It was quite famous for its gold a few hundred years ago.
 - Exactly.
 The first Westerner in modernish times to try and find it
 was a guy called John Lediard.
 And when he went, he'd never been to Africa.
 He didn't know a single word of Arabic.
 And when he got to Cairo, he had a bilious complaint
 and decided to treat it with sulfuric acid
 and took so much that he immediately died.
 - Whoa!
 - Yeah.
 - Hang on, so he was just trying to find it.
 He didn't make it.
 - Well, he got as far as Cairo.
 And then he saw some, what he thought was Gaviscan
 that was actually--
 If only he'd known a single word of Arabic,
 namely sulfuric acid.
 - It's not the first word you learn, though, is it?
 - No, it's not.
 - I'm deep into the textbook.
 - It's right at the back of the phrase book, isn't it?
 It's in the medical section.
 You just do hello and where is the toilet and stuff like that.
 - He probably could have done with where is the toilet.
 It's not the way.
 - Do you know about the first Westerner to get to Timbuktu?
 - No.
 - He was called Gordon Lang.
 Okay, he got there in 1826.
 And he was a Scott and he was an adventurer, basically.
 About 30 years old.
 And he had this huge competition between Britain and France
 to get to Timbuktu.
 And they obviously had a head start up,
 because they're closer, but--
 - Yeah, 'cause we're in Spain.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 He said to his parents, "I shall do more than has ever been
 done before and shall show myself to me what I have ever
 considered myself a man of enterprise and genius."
 Right, so big claim.
 This is from a website called GreatBritishNutters.Blogspot.
 (laughing)
 Amazing.
 So he got to Tripoli immediately proposed
 to the British consul's daughter,
 and she fell in love with them, and they got married.
 And then he said, "Right, I'm off to Timbuktu."
 He thought it would take him a few weeks.
 The temperatures were huge, right.
 120 degrees Fahrenheit.
 The food was patties of dried fish and camel's milk.
 Bandits everywhere.
 One night he was attacked in his tent by bandits,
 as he was sleeping, hacked out with swords.
 He got 24 wounds, 18 of them serious.
 Next morning, he still said, "Put me on my camel."
 So he was strapped onto a camel for 400 miles,
 seriously injured, kept going, right.
 It took him over a year to get to Timbuktu.
 He finally got there after recuperating all of this stuff,
 and it was abandoned and poor.
 It wasn't this great center of learning anymore.
 And then two days after he left,
 he was murdered in the desert by bandits.
 This is incredible, sort of awful journey.
 And do we know if he thought it was worth it or?
 We don't know, because--
 Glad he went.
 It wasn't what he was looking for,
 which is, like James says,
 this amazing center of learning at the university
 and gold and books.
 You know, it wasn't like that anymore.
 There's got to be a moment on that track
 when you've been strapped to a camel.
 And you've got hack woods from giant swords
 that you think he'd, "Did I make the right call here?"
 Just at least for a minute, he must have had doubts.
 Just a second.
 Do you know when we started thinking of Timbuktu
 as that semi-fictitious far away place?
 No.
 So you know how we say today, "Oh, we'll send him to Timbuktu,"
 because we know it's just constantly saying that,
 right, I'll put it in that case.
 I'm constantly hearing it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's actually an Oxford English Dictionary definition
 in its own right, the word.
 Yeah, of course, a long distance place.
 So it's been in use since Lady Duff Gordon,
 the English writer, in the 1860s, was in Cairo.
 And she was getting really fed up with the fact
 that Cairo was being sort of gentrified.
 So lots of other British people were coming there.
 That was a serial cafe.
 That was exactly a problem.
 So she wrote a letter back from Cairo saying,
 it's growing dreadfully cockney here.
 I must go to Timbuktu instead.
 And that was the first reference of, you know,
 going to escape to a more distant place than this.
 Yeah.
 So the idea that Timbuktu, the name,
 meaning the sticky-outy belly button,
 I started looking into what places, how their names were derived.
 So it's thought that maybe Canberra means women's breasts.
 No one quite knows where Canberra comes from in Australia.
 Yeah, they think it means meeting place as well,
 because it derives from an Aboriginal word, but actually--
 But often they would meet at women's breasts.
 So it's very confusing.
 If there's more than one woman in the bar while you're meeting.
 Manchester's named after breasts.
 Yeah.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 The man in Manchester comes from mum, like mummaries.
 And it's because of the hills around Manchester.
 So it should be called breastchester.
 Yeah, chestchester.
 It should be called breastchester.
 And then this is my favorite.
 This was named after someone.
 There's a place called Anus Haven.
 I'm probably pronouncing that wrong.
 I don't think you are.
 I think it is.
 I think it's Anus Haven.
 Or it could be Anus Haven.
 But the thing is, is that this place is in Armenia.
 And it's named after a World War II hero
 called Dr. Anus Haven Galilean.
 Anus Haven, actually, sounds like another cupboard in your house,
 that's it.
 OK, it's time for fact number three.
 And that is Chuzinski.
 My fact this week is that lovers hearts beat in sync.
 Gross, gross, gross, gross.
 This disgusting fact comes to you, courtesy of research
 that was done by the University of California Davis in 2013.
 And it put couples in a room and it monitored their heart rates
 and the couples weren't touching each other or speaking to each other.
 So they were married.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Speaks to the married man.
 Right, so these couples didn't touch or speak to each other.
 But it was found when their heart rates were monitored
 that their hearts were beating in sync
 and their breathing really closely matched.
 And then in this experiment, they
 mixed the people up a bit.
 So they put males and females with people
 that they weren't in a couple with.
 So just like strangers in the room with them.
 And their hearts wouldn't be in sync.
 You know other things that synchronize.
 Other occasions on which heart beats synchronize.
 This is quite cool.
 So mothers and infants, their heart beats synchronize
 when they're just looking at each other.
 So a mother with her own baby, basically.
 Also, choirs, their heart rates rise and fall at the same time.
 And they think that is a breathing thing as well.
 Because some bits you need loads of breath
 or when you breathe in your heart rate goes up.
 Well, and also dogs and their owners, sync heart beats.
 Yeah.
 According to research by pedigreech.
 Yeah, I know.
 I know.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I love when you read where that research is coming from.
 It always is.
 Yeah.
 Although I don't know how that helps with sails.
 Well, what was interesting about that study was it
 basically said that when dogs are reunited with their owners
 after separation, then both those beings
 heart start beating faster, which isn't necessarily
 them syncing.
 It's presumably more likely than being quite excited
 that they're seeing each other again.
 Here's a cool thing about heart rates.
 Obviously, different animals hugely
 faster and slower depending.
 And I think we may have even said before that so sperm
 whales have about nine beats per minute,
 shrews 835 beats per minute.
 If you put a whale in a room with a shrew,
 I'll put a stand.
 They synchronize.
 If they love us.
 And the whale speeds up to 400 beats per minute
 and immediately dies.
 No, OK, this is the really cool thing.
 So the whale and the shrews hearts both deliver
 over the lifetime 200 million liters of blood per kilo
 of body weight.
 So it's exactly the same rate for both animals.
 So in both animals, each gram of tissue over the animal's
 lifetime receives 38 liters of oxygen.
 How weird is that?
 This is a stupid question.
 But is that true proportionally for most animals?
 I think it'll be true.
 Well, yeah, I don't think it's not just those two, basically.
 This is a sort of a rule of life.
 Yeah, it's true of all mammals, I think, pretty much.
 But humans don't work in the same way.
 So it was thought for a while that all mammals
 had the same number of heartbeats in the lifetime
 because the shorter lived animals beat much quicker
 and the longer lived ones beat much slower.
 And it does kind of work a little bit,
 but it doesn't work with humans.
 And I think the reason being that we have really good
 medication and stuff, so we live longer
 than we probably should do.
 There's about a billion heartbeats.
 Most mammals, with some exceptions,
 like humans, get a billion.
 So it might still be worth getting into a relationship
 with someone who has a very slow heartbeats.
 With a sperm whale.
 In an attempt to extend to life.
 But if you got-- let's say in the future,
 we managed to do heart transplants.
 Is it a case of confusing a single heart
 that, how many times, it's personally beat?
 Or is it responding to the body?
 As in, if you take a heart that has had no beats
 and put it in the body of someone who's coming up
 to a billionth beat, will reset the clock?
 The heart will keep going, yeah.
 I mean, if your heart's beaten a billion times,
 then it'll be much more time than the heart.
 Yeah, it's not that you can get to 90 years old
 and then put a child's heart in your body
 and you're going to live for another 90 years.
 Well, someone's got to tell Rupert Murdoch.
 But let's say that it's a heart collapse
 that you had that leads to your death.
 Would it eliminate the chances of that happening?
 Well, it's certainly true that if your heart is in trouble,
 you can have a heart transplant, and it will help.
 But did you know this?
 You can transplant your heart into someone else
 and still live.
 No.
 What?
 OK.
 So this is a medical procedure.
 It doesn't happen very often.
 But say, for instance, I needed a heart and lung transplant
 from another person from NSA.
 But done--
 I didn't sign anything, by the way.
 And then done needed a heart transplant.
 What they can do is, because the heart and lung coming
 from Anna would be better working together,
 they can give me the heart and lung from Anna,
 and then I can give my heart to Dan.
 So I've actually transplanted my heart
 and received from another person who does occasionally happen.
 Do I then give my heart and lungs to Anna?
 Yes, where am I getting my heart?
 I'm going to say what?
 You don't make it in this kind of a story.
 You're the person who is a donor.
 Why doesn't Anna just give me the heart?
 What was-- why were you the in between?
 I really need-- let's say I really need a lung transplant.
 The lungs will work better with a heart of Anna.
 So Anna's lungs will work better with Anna's heart.
 So I will get the heart and the lungs.
 But my heart will then go to you because you need a heart.
 Yeah, got it.
 And your lungs are fine.
 Right.
 So why am I not involved in this?
 Do you know that laughing can increase your heart health?
 So start cracking those jokes.
 Yeah, it vasodilates your blood vessels.
 So it increases the width of your blood vessels,
 and it means that you can pump more blood around your body.
 And it increases them by 22%, which is actually really significant.
 So how much do you have to laugh for that?
 I just more than--
 You can instigate.
 So they've also found that happiness can actually
 damage the heart as well.
 It's all to do with-- so there's that thing that it's
 called the Takotsubu cardiomyopathy, a broken heart syndrome.
 It's the idea of broken heart.
 And then you just kind of convince your heart.
 And in very rare cases, you convince it to the point of you dying.
 And they've recently found that happiness can trigger the same thing.
 So it's a rare condition, but happiness has the same effect.
 It suddenly puts the heart into a kind of oddly stressed position,
 and that can lead to death as well.
 So happiness can be dangerous.
 Is this why when you're in love, sometimes your heart feels uncomfortable?
 That's just-- surely, that's just there.
 Just the nerves in the trinalinia.
 It's just interesting that the sort of physical sensations of emotion--
 why should it be in the chest?
 Why on earth should I feel anything in particular there?
 Because that's about fight or flight, isn't it?
 And why is it like that?
 Because your heart is in the legs.
 Well, my-- nobody's got blood in it, isn't it?
 That means sense of Valentine's card to pitch the legs out.
 When you make my ankle beat twice as fast.
 You are my anus haven.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that this year, Hugh Hefner sold the Playboy Mansion.
 It comes with 30 rooms, a pool, a tennis court, a zoo license, and Hugh Hefner.
 So comes with Hugh Hefner.
 You get to keep Hugh Hefner, but this place comes with Hugh Hefner.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I got a tool.
 The idea of being that he is now allowed to just live in this house until he dies.
 That's the part of the deal that he did.
 He ended up selling it to his neighbor.
 And I think they've known each other for a long time, so that seems to be an OK thing.
 But yeah, so it's been sold.
 And obviously, back in the '60s and '70s was known as the kind of Disney land of sexuality, basically.
 It was because we love the misogyny.
 Yeah, exactly.
 The Disney land of misogyny.
 But now it's sort of very dirty, very run down.
 And-- Yeah, you be dirty, not just sexually, it's literally dirty.
 It literally is, yeah.
 It can't be filled.
 It does contain a pipe organ.
 It does.
 That's not a euphemism.
 Sorry.
 [LAUGHTER]
 To imagine Hugh Hefner asking if you want to see his pipe organ.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, so he's in his 80s at the moment.
 Do you guys know where he is going to be buried when he does pass away?
 Is he one of these people who has to be buried, like, on top of Marilyn Monroe?
 He's being buried right next to Marilyn Monroe.
 Okay.
 He bought the plot right next to her.
 Yeah.
 That's weird.
 She was the first ever cover girl for Playboy.
 Yeah.
 And he's been obsessed with her his whole life in--
 Oh, well, it's not weird at all.
 Oh, sorry.
 Just qualifying the weird person.
 He put it in contact by saying he's obsessed with her.
 Yeah.
 It sounded like he had a healthy professional disinterested when he said that he bought the
 cemetery plot next to hers.
 That's what I could win to this.
 I thought you were going to say that he was going to be buried in-- because one of the
 places that the playboy mentioned has is a pet cemetery.
 Did you know that?
 It has a pet cemetery.
 Presumably is where all the bunnies are buried.
 Very good.
 Thank you.
 I have a hard attack.
 Send Marianne.
 But, yeah, that one of his girlfriends had a whole bunch of small dogs, didn't she?
 And then the women who lived in the mansion said that they would be summoned to his bedroom
 every Friday.
 And that's when he would give them that allowance, which I think was $1,000.
 And when they went to his bedroom, they had to wait for the first richer, which was him
 scraping all the dog poo off his bedroom floor.
 Oh, my God.
 It's too sexy.
 In 2011, this was a story that happened 100 people fell ill after going to a party at the
 playboy mansion.
 And they think it was because they were bacteria in the whirlpools bar.
 Because they forgot to scrape the dog poo off of it.
 I thought this was interesting.
 40% of all of playboy's income comes from China.
 China, you don't mean they sell terracotta, like what they sell tea sets, so that's exactly.
 So yeah, in China, the country, and the interesting thing is that the magazine is not sold in China.
 So they licensed the bunny logo completely for things like perfumes, things like tracksuit
 clothing.
 I always used to see that in Hong Kong.
 You would see kids wearing playboy outfits, but because in China, it doesn't have the sexual
 connotation.
 In fact, they completely rebrand it out there to be a more family-oriented thing.
 What is it, basically?
 It's just a big brand.
 There was a lady called Chloe Woodall, who bought some playboy for her VIP body spray from
 I think it was Azda Romline, but it got substituted for it's a dog's life pet care kind and gentle
 shine.
 And she said, "I do have a Staffordshire Bolteria, but how did they know that?"
 You know, this really old idea that people used to say that they would read playboy for
 the articles.
 It is one edition of the magazine that can genuinely be claimed to have been read for just the writing,
 just for the articles.
 And that is something that's been published since the 1970s, the Braille version, they take
 out any of the nudity.
 So it's not as if they've made like 3D pictures or anything, purely words, and it's purely
 the articles.
 I think it was the first magazine that came in Braille, isn't it?
 What's it?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Private Eye.
 It used to have, and I think still has, an edition for partially sighted author blind people.
 But I actually has an interesting connection with playboy.
 Peter Cook went over to America to ask Hugh Heffner for funding for Private Eye.
 According to the official Peter Cook biography, Peter Cook for anyone listening overseas,
 one of Britain's biggest comedians, Heffner Tom Pessoff, according to this biography, but
 it also meant that one of the best stories that I love about Peter Cook happened in this
 period.
 He was at the Playboy Club, and there was this guy trying to get in and the bunny at
 the front didn't let him in.
 So he started yelling into the whole club going, "Do you know who I am?
 Do you know who I am?"
 Peter Cook went up to him, and he then yelled to the rest of the club, "I'm sorry, ladies
 and gentlemen.
 Gentlemen doesn't seem to know who he is.
 Does anyone know who he is?"
 So the playboy mansion that they sold is not the first playboy mansion.
 There was one in Chicago, the first one.
 It had 70 rooms.
 It had a swim pool.
 It had all sorts of stuff, and now they've turned it into three family homes.
 So you can actually live there, I think students live there some of the time.
 And it had a brass plate on the door with a Latin inscription under your Latin is quite
 good.
 Do you want to translate this?
 See Non-Osculas, Noly Tintinare.
 If you don't, Osculas, look.
 No, it must be something like shake.
 Of course you do.
 Of course you do.
 Right?
 Is it if you don't have an orgasm, you're not excited?
 Or something like that?
 See Non-Osculas, Noly Tintinare.
 Tintinare.
 Don't impersonate Tintin in this building.
 So Tintinare is wring as in wringing a buzzer.
 Right.
 And so see Non-Osculas, Noly Tintinare.
 If you're not shaking, don't wring.
 Is it close?
 But it's a rhyming thing.
 Osculas.
 Swinging.
 Swinging.
 If you don't swing, don't wring.
 If you don't swing, don't wring.
 Yes.
 Ah.
 Latin put to good use, finally.
 Yeah.
 I mean, yeah, it's horrible, but it's great.
 Is the magazine still going?
 Yeah, it is.
 And they made a big change last year, which is they've stopped doing nudity.
 That's the latest move.
 I think they're just not working anymore.
 Is it sort of a brand?
 Is it now going more towards the brand thing?
 I think so.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I personally read it just for the party hosting tips, before a party.
 Scrape all the dog extrovert off the floor.
 OK, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things
 that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy, @AndruhontoEv, James, @EdShape, and Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, where you can go to our group account, which is @kypodcast.
 And you can also go to know such thing as a fish.com,
 where we have all of our previous episodes.
 We're going to be back again next week with another episode.
 Good bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
