 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of no such things a fish which was recorded when I was on my holiday
 So when I presume you have someone else in my place not just a cut out of me
 Nope, we had a little hand puppet of you and then did insulting northern accents the whole way through it was actually more enjoyable
 No, that wasn't the case
 We had the brilliant Ali plumb on the fantastic film critic who I'm sure many of you will be very familiar with from Radio 1 and such
 like he's known for interviewing the biggest celebs on the face of the earth and
 Then he finally got to meet us
 He did indeed and if you would like to learn anything more about Ali then the best thing to do is watch his interviews on Radio 1's
 YouTube channel or BBC Radio 1's iPlayer
 He also has a podcast called BBC radio on screen time where you can hear him talk about movies and you can of course follow
 Him on social media as at Ali plumb and don't forget there is a bee at the end of his name is
 PLU and be Ali plumb on all those social medias
 I'm fairly certain I have to say that because I'm assuming Dan will pronounce his name correctly all the way through but you never know
 Maybe that is gonna say Ali plumb. I'm very excited to find out actually that is the main reason
 I'm gonna listen to this podcast so do keep listening for that, but we do have another announcement as well
 Absolutely. We are going on tour
 We are going all the way around the world
 Well actually specifically the UK island Australia and New Zealand
 But what we want to do today is remind those of you in the UK and Ireland that we are playing Edinburgh Bristol Dublin Glasgow Newcastle Cardiff
 London and Manchester a pretty sure London is at least on the verge of selling out if it hasn't already sold out
 But there are a few tickets left I believe for all those other dates
 So snap them up ASAP and to do that go to know such thing as a fish comm slash live and
 You know click on the links and stuff. You know to do it. We'll see you there
 Can't wait absolutely we can't wait and I can't wait to hear this episode of no such thing as a fish with Anna
 Andrew Dan Shriver and the incredible Ali plumb. Okay up with the podcast on with the show
 Hello
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Hoburn
 My name is Dan Shriver. I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray Anna Tashinsky and Ali plumb and once again
 We have gathered around the microphones with our fourth favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here
 We go starting with fact number one and that is Ali
 My fact this week is Jurassic World Dominion is the first film to have its parody movie be released before it itself was
 released
 Lovely you with me. Yeah. Yeah, does that mean that Jurassic World Dominion is actually it becomes the parody
 Like whatever comes out second becomes the spoof. Whoa, because I've seen it and it's quite funny in lots of ways
 I think arguably funnier than the parody
 They came out of it and that's a sick burn because I love the director
 I will say yes that the bubble fails to give as many lolls as Jurassic World Dominion, but it is the bubble we're talking about
 This is a Netflix
 Movie somehow came out in April 2022
 Whereas Jurassic World Dominion came out in June that same year and the reason why it happened is essentially
 Because of the pandemic and the idea of the bubble is that you have a group of actors in this meta comedy
 Trying to make a movie except everyone keeps getting covet and they're inside this bubble
 Hence the bubble and the movie they're making is the sixth in a franchise of a sci-fi
 Sort of horror sort of adventure dinosaur movie and it's called cliff beast six
 battle for everest
 memories of a requiem
 Needless to say and it's from judd apatow and it features the likes of
 david kovni leslie man kate mckinnon pedra paskow and is it not good?
 That's a great cast. I can only say that the first half hour is not good. There it is
 There it is. I I am built to love everything judd apatow does so I did like it
 But I I can see arguably it's not his best. Well, that's the biggest slam you've ever given anything done
 Yeah, that's that's a sick burn. Yeah
 You should be the film critic. I know right take over. Yeah, I just find these weird
 Coronavirus glitches now that we can sort of ish find it funny. Yeah quite bizarre
 For example, billy eilish won an oscar for best original song for no time to die
 Before the film itself came out
 Right. Yes because she was eligible to win for that year because the song was actually released as a single prior to it
 So it had to be in the year of the grammy's but she hadn't already she hadn't written the song and then they said, you know, that'd be an incredible name for a bond
 That wasn't it was it she'd be contracted to correct a film. Okay. I don't know how it works. Um parody movies go back a long, long way
 Oh, yeah, this is a got a beautiful history and the earliest that I could find and it certainly comes up at most lists as the opening one
 Was a movie that came out in 1905 called the little train robbery
 Directed by edwin s porter and so it was a parody of a 1903 movie called the great train robbery
 Which was also directed by edwin s porter. Nice. He parodied his own movie. Maybe it's easier to parody if you've got the inside track
 Yeah, and you're not going to really annoy anyone because you're the person you're annoying
 But actually it says it's a parody. I would argue that he was almost making a kid's version
 Well, it's it's the same film scene for scene except starring children. Yeah
 It's bugsy Malone, right? I think it sounds really I think more. Have you not watched it? No, haven't is it good?
 It's only 12 minutes, mate
 I was watching the first half hour of the bubble. I did not have time
 It is. I mean, is it good? It's made in 1905. So you've got to take it for his time, haven't you?
 I looked at the interviews on imdb and someone's like three stars. No, it's not quite his best work as a parody
 I'm on buddy. Where are the zayk invented parodies in film?
 He um, sorry the director of the great and little train robberies changed his name because he was born edward
 And he changed his name to edwin stanton after the secretary of war under Abraham Lincoln, which I think is niche anyway
 Hello, the ladies love it. I'm sort of 40 years later as well. Yeah. Yeah, absolutely
 I did find out was he trying to pass himself off? He might have seen my earlier work in the civil war
 One of mine. What are the early funny ones?
 But yeah, it's very it's very good and they hold up the train at the end as they do in the
 1903 great train robbery, but in the kids version they just get sweets and sort of toys off them
 I love it. By the way on the earliest incarnation of a certain kind of movie we're talking about early parodies in
 1900 so that's even before the great train robbery and the little train robbery
 The first appearance of Sherlock Holmes as a character on screen
 Was in a very short short seriously short short that came out again at the turn of century
 And that was a parody of the concept of Sherlock Holmes knowing everything because it was one of the first trick
 Cinema shorts where it was cuts in and out things disappearing
 And it was Sherlock being baffled and that's why it's called Sherlock Holmes baffled
 And that's the first time anyone ever saw Sherlock Holmes and as a result
 His popularity has meant that he's been the most seen character almost inarguably across the history of cinema and television
 Wow, that's cool because he's there at the very beginning. Yeah, everyone who's ever seen a screen
 Understands. We've seen a version of Sherlock Holmes on screen at some point or another. That's extraordinary. That's very cool
 I just find all this stuff fascinating and again, it's only 30 seconds. So maybe it'll be on a tiktok soon. Yeah, right
 I won't find the time. I'm sorry. I'm just so busy. So was this was Jurassic World?
 Wait, what was it called the real serious?
 Jurassic World Dominion Jurassic World Dominion and I do want to kick the tires of this fact a little bit because I'm aware that there are more
 Direct parodies in the universe, right? So hot shots is definitely a parody of top gun
 Yes, there's loads of other stuff going on in there, but you can see the direct parallel
 Here when it comes to the bubble and Jurassic World Dominion, it's the sort of bubbliness
 This coronavirus. Mm-hmm. That's the parody and the parody film seems to be within the film the bubble
 You've got it. So it's sort of double meta
 And this reminds me of one of my favorite jokes. I think in any movie, which is in hot shorts part. Uh, beautiful movie
 Now in this film charlie sheen and martin sheen both appear
 And referencing each other's vietnam war movies. They're writing in their own little diaries
 Excerpts from each other's movies
 They both then as the boats that they're on pass each other in a river stand up and say father to son
 I loved you in wall street
 Okay, think about that. Are they
 For half a second and your brain explodes because they were both in wall street in the universe of hot shots part
 Dirt they've both seen each other's film that they were both themselves in and their father and son and they've both seen the other
 Vietnam
 Wow, I guess in a darkened movie cinema you can tell who the critics are in the crowd
 You just hear a brain blow. No, you just hear a load of scribbling as they write down the joke
 Let's say you can tell when it's funny. No one's laughing. Yeah, so we said that it was delayed
 I assume it was delayed. Maybe you did say that. Yes the film coming the series film was delayed Jurassic world dominion was delayed
 It's also just got much more CGI at a much higher level
 Although ironically it was ilm industrial light and magic who did the dinosaur
 Visual effects for both movies. So, you know, why not do both just if they both ask you then just go ahead
 Yeah, you think there would be a contractual thing that you put you'd say you're not allowed to work on any other dino stuff
 Or one that's directly taking the mick out of us. Yeah. Yeah. Um, can I tell you about the another dinosaur?
 This is not a parody. This is a very cool thing. So this was a film that's out in 1993
 And it is a famous dinosaur film from 1993 that was released before Jurassic Park, right? Okay
 So Jurassic Park was the second
 Dino movie in 1993. The first one was Carnosaur
 Yes, go on and it was about it was about a doctor
 It was about this mad scientist planning to exterminate the human race
 And replace humans with genetically engineered dinosaurs much better plot arguably. Um, wow
 Roger Ebert is a famous film critic. He named it the worst film of 1993
 And it was but the thing is it wasn't a parody of Jurassic Park because it was it was also based on a book, right?
 There's a book called Carnosaur by a writer called John Brosnan, which was written in 1984 before Michael Crichton wrote the book of Jurassic Park
 However, the film was only green lit when they heard the Jurassic Park was being made
 So they were kind of looking around. Oh, I wonder if we have some other dinosaur content that we can get out
 But this is the crazy thing
 Diane Ladd the actor was cast as the evil protagonist
 She is the mother of Laura Dern
 Oh in real life who's in in real life who's in Jurassic Park
 So that was casting coup to say let's get your star's mum to be in art
 And then there's that scene in Dominion where they're passing each other in a boat
 There are so many dino parodies though. It seemed to have spawned so many
 Like Jurassic Park is such a cultural phenomenon and it's so easy like a Bond movie to go right. I get it
 Welcome to Jurassic Park. There's an old man with a cane. Mr. DNA all this stuff
 Here are all real names a real dinosaur part
 The Jurassic dead
 Because they've come back from the dead because one of those evil scientists has managed to that's like undead. It should be
 Yeah, but that sounds good. That does sound good. Well, it sounds good
 The Jurassic games
 It's like the hunger games
 But with dinosaurs. I watch that. Yeah
 And this is my favorite and it knows that it's dumb, but it's called the velocirpasta
 As in it's a vicar
 Brilliant who has the ability to turn into a velociraptor and kill evil doers
 When he can't control his anger sort of thing, but the honey tagline is godlike
 man of the claw
 Hold on
 Give me a minute. Wait. He's not done. He's not done. He's not done. Sorry
 Man of the cloth, correct
 Man of the claw
 You can't interrupt people mid-joke. I would I would put that on Ali for stopping that long mid-joke
 And man of the cloth is that's great. How is it? It's well in cloth. They just I think Ali made pretty clear a spell
 But it's it's a it's was a fake trailer that you'd see on youtube
 And then someone said, you know, this is actually pretty good fun and they went
 Well, let's get like 10 grand and make a movie out of it
 So let's not pretend like the velocirpasta is trying to be the next Jurassic park. It knows it's dumb
 Do you as part of your job which is in film criticism have to watch all of these?
 No, I think there needs to be an audience desire for my thoughts on
 Yeah, the velocirpasta and if there isn't then I don't feel the obligation. I bet there will be now
 I just sound so good. Um, dan have you heard of the film caveman from 1981 and there's a very specific reason i'm asking dan this
 Yeah, I haven't seen it ringo star. It stars ringo star as a caveman who lives one zillion bc
 And they also meet an abominable snowman at some point in the movie
 So I just thought this is the most dan film. Dan, why haven't you seen it? I thought it sounds too much like a glitch in the universe
 Like I'd proven this was all fake. It's the Truman show. Yeah, no one would have made this film unless you were alive
 I can't exist. I think the only thing it produced was ringo star second marriage and that's about the only to Barbara bark
 That's right. So who is a bond girl? Well, she was also the female lead in
 Caveman 1981
 Which is she proud or if I wonder don't know who could say probably ringo
 By the way speaking of bond obviously bond is such a huge franchise news just in that it can inspire its own
 Franchise its own genre of bond parodies and we have to at least acknowledge them
 But are you guys aware of the film called okay Connery?
 It's also called operation kid brother. Yes. So good and what happened here is that Sean Connery's brother
 Neil got into the press
 For and I think it was like the mirror or something for being fired from his job
 Because he lost his tools. This was a little bit of news bonds brother loses tools
 Loses job or the sort of thing and someone said a bit like a joke. Well, he does look a bit like Sean
 Let's get him into sort of like euro cheapo
 Bond knockoff and it got called okay Connery because when they were giving him his first notes for the audition they kept going
 okay Connery
 Okay Connery anyway, so that became the movie and what I love about it is that it is dreadful
 But also it features bond stars that came back
 To appear in a bond spoof right which happens quite a lot
 Johnny English has two in the form of Rosamund Pike and also Olga Kirilenko
 And they have said and it was I think Lewis
 Maxwell that she got paid more for okay Connery than she ever did for her work as money penny
 On the bonds now. I think she was sort of saying it as a joke, but you have to watch okay Connery because he was
 So sorry Neil so bad at it. Right an American
 Voice actor had to come in and dub his lines. So half the reason why you hired him just got removed last minute
 You must look it up. So someone doing an impression of Sean Connery. Oh, not even it's just an American voice
 Oh, right. Okay. They didn't ask him to pretend to be Sean Conner
 Do you like when the when the relatives of the main stars get brought in for these kind of things?
 You'll know this ali. I'm pulling this out the top of my head here
 But toy story the merchandise doys the merchant the merchandise the merchandise the the toys
 I think it's tom hanks's brother
 Who does the voice over for the toys themselves not tom hanks's brother who had a handkerchief company?
 That's his son
 Paul Hanks family like Paul tommy this cottage industry around different people
 Achieve he's not entirely insane, but it is very bizarre
 There's a lot of nepotism in the film industry like anywhere else, isn't there actually speaking of bond spoofs
 Austin Powers and the actor who played mr. Bigglesworth the cat the cat
 It was an actor called
 Ted nude gent
 But he I'm so confused. So this was a cat called Ted nude gent. Oh, right. Okay. Who played mr. Bigglesworth?
 Okay, funny name very well. I'm sure
 I'm nailed it very talented actor
 But then he's got two nephews dinner how talented they are they're called hairless potter and skin diana jones
 And they are also actors now, but you do have to wonder is that pure talent or is that?
 You know the nepotistic connections that have got you there skin diana jones is an absolutely rank name. I'm sorry
 It's a brilliant pun, but it's horrible. Is it one of those little hairless?
 Like a tiny me
 It's not healthy. I have a bunch of terrible, but also funny bond parody film titles. Oh, great. These are all quote unquote real
 Never say never mind the swedish bikini team dr. Goldfoot and the bikini machine
 Agent 077 mission bloody Mary
 Kiss the girls and make them die
 That's arguably just a good title. It is a good title. Yeah. Yeah. All the others sound like they're made by very early ai
 Yeah
 That hasn't quite got it
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is andy. My fact is that britain is home to the planet's largest manhole cover
 Strong brag from britain. Yeah
 It's enormous. Wow
 Don't make it so sexy so quickly
 How big a man can get into this hole?
 Any man
 So this is it's a 1200 ton concrete lid
 It's huge that is going and at the moment it is used for access
 By workers, so it is technically a manhole and it's round. So, you know, yeah
 It's a little as in how do you get through the concrete? How do you lift it and what's underneath it?
 It is going to be closed and then I believe the plan is that it's not going to be lifted up again
 So, you know, it's playing a bit fast and loose with what a manhole cover is
 It's experimenting with the form
 And this is part of a thing an amazing thing if you haven't heard of it
 And if you're overseas, you won't have done um called the tens tideway tunnel is the biggest infrastructure project in europe
 It's happening right now. Some of you aren't overseas and they also don't feel bad
 It's a new thing that's happening in london. It's going to be called the super sewer
 And it is a ginormous pipe that is going to run under everyone's looking at me like this is boring
 Well, no, I feel like you're being paid by them at this point
 You're talking like trump all of a sudden
 It is ginormous. It is huge. Can you give us some numbers trump? Can you give us anything that's true?
 It's going to be 16 miles long, right? And the the basically the problem in london is it's got this amazing sewage system for the 1860s, right?
 unfortunately
 Time has moved on and london's population is now way bigger than it was then
 So you get all of this sewage that if it rains heavily the sewage system overflows because rainwater and sewage water
 They go to the same place that was a clever thing to do at the time
 But these days it doesn't work anymore and you get lots and lots and lots of
 Horrible sewagey water in the river
 problem we say it overflows also every single sewage company in the country
 Deliberately dumps billions and billions of gallons of it into the rivers just again if you're overseas
 You might not know let's not act like it's an accident. Please go on andy. It's not it's not an evil scheme
 But it is a bad it's a bad system. It hasn't been updated anyway
 The super sewer is essentially as the project manager Ryan Moore said a massive toilet
 It will be able to take a huge amount of overflow
 So it's going to make things a lot better and it has this enormous manhole cover on it
 Enormous it's a matter and i'm just so excited. Can I just tell you one more thing before we talk about manhole covers?
 Is that how big it is? It's yes it is
 It's so huge, right?
 Please withhold your what are you compensating for emails
 It's it's funny isn't it because i've been on a quest to find the most boring thing
 Interesting and I think now I might have got there
 Ali actually checked his watch a second ago. This is somebody who's been dying to come on our show
 He's been listening to us for 10 years
 Um, right. So the the huge falling down pipes where the the overflow water is going to smash down
 They had to be designed especially because if you just let the water pour into it
 It would smash into the bottom and erode the base of the thing
 So it has to be kind of channeled around these huge great massive cathedral pipes
 Um, go down to the spiral put in a vortex bubbles put in not like an awesome like, uh
 Water slide it will be the most disgusting water slide you could possibly imagine
 Please field trip. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah, and it's all about to be sealed off humans won't go in for the next 10 years
 Because if you want that ride get there now. Absolutely. Yeah, and it's opening
 I think it'll be fully open next year, but basically it's just an amazing. It's an amazing thing
 I found out that sewage moves about walking pace
 Wow, isn't that a nice idea? That is nice. So the way it's um
 Hang on is it?
 It's a night. It's nice to know if I ever dropped into a sewer that you could escape it
 You could escape it and it's not going to be gush and pass you that's a fear I have magic falling down a manhole like lava
 Yeah, like lava moves quite slowly when it's flowing across ground very similar
 Well, I think this is average, but basically the way it works is largely by gravity
 So in fact, it really reminds me of a log flume. This is certainly in London
 In such a joke here. Yeah
 Let's take a photo. London's most real log flume
 I don't want this on my keychain actually
 It um it saunters at walking pace down because it gradually slopes downwards the sewerage system
 And then once it's got as low as it can go lower than anyone wants to dig
 Then it's pumped up again like on a log flume. So you get on the ramp and it's tickly tick tick tick tick
 You get up to the top and then it flows down again
 That's interesting. Yeah, very fun for the little bits of bits poo. Yeah, what a sentence
 Um manhole covers
 There's a thing that I had never heard about before which is that they were one of the most
 notorious questions that you would get asked if you were doing an interview for Microsoft
 Yeah, so the question you'd be sitting in your interview with Microsoft and they would say why are manhole covers round?
 that's the question and you have to give an answer and
 It's part of these lateral thinking questions that these huge corporations have become famous for so
 People around the world have submitted the questions that they were asked from Microsoft a summer intern candidate was asked
 Devise a way to make sure there is always milk in my fridge. I'd like that big fridge
 Let's let's sort of have a field in there. Maybe some cows. Yeah
 Cow in the fridge. Oh just let read let put a sorry just put a label saying fridge on the cow
 He's got it. No, you can't make something
 Call your cow fridge your cow. It's called fridge
 She won't mind. She won't there you go
 Doesn't like if I put a label on you saying genius Andy does that make you a genius?
 If I'm labeled that by you I'm it's not for me to say but it's not for my fridge to say whether it's a fridge or not
 I'm saying that's like if I give that answer you've got the job. You've got the job. You've got the job. You've got the job
 You're now running Microsoft. Yeah. Yeah. Gaze is gonna resign. We'll do a press conference later today. We're gonna say we found the better answer
 Yeah, there's another one. Okay. Here we go. The infamous clock hands question
 This is what a software development engineer candidate was asked
 How many times do the hour and minute hands of a clock overlap in a 24-hour period?
 Rename the clock
 If it's a stopped clock, they won't overlap at all. I karate kicked my way out of the room
 Throw the clock on the ground. Yeah, peace out right out on fridge the cow
 We're buying apple. Yeah, great. Our watches are all digital at Microsoft
 Nice
 Who keeps learning this guy back in the room?
 I'm gonna say interviews always go well when the interviewee is going
 Oh my god, this is gonna be so annoying for you guys. I haven't got the action
 Because because most of them I I forgot to notice that that had an actual answer
 You could give because most of these are hypotheticals, you know, how do you fill the milk in my fridge?
 By the way on the round manhole thing. Yeah, there's loads of answers to it. Yeah, that's yeah
 If you were giving genuine answers, there's no one which is so obvious. You go. Oh, yeah
 Is that you there's that noise again? You take it off and you can just roll it easier. Yeah
 If you need to move it, that's easier to move than a square one. You go well, obviously
 Also, it can't fall in because if you have a little rim
 The edge means it can't go in it just kind of stays there like there are loads of reasons
 But if someone asked you that question point blank and you're not expecting it, you just go, uh, uh, because they're round
 Do you know how people steal manhole covers?
 Because there used to be a thing of they're very valuable for scrap the big heavy things the made of metal
 Yeah, the scrap metal valuable. Um, this is so clever. There are some
 theft vans
 Right, theft vans
 Scrap stealer vans, which have how are they? How do they do it?
 Well, they oh, they park over it. They have their own manhole in the bottom of their van
 And then they pick it up and replace it with that's got it. It's not that clever. I've got it. I've got it magnets
 Really big magnet. All right, we've already had the answer
 Oh, I see. I've not got this. You're hanging around outside Microsoft HQ. I've thought I've counted
 I've waited a whole day and I counted the number of times the hands
 No, that is okay. That is interesting. So if you see at van parks, it's probably stealing a manhole cover
 The client said the most I just think the most incredible thing about manhole cover. So I didn't know is that they're always exploding
 In new york a manhole cover explodes every day explodes off its manhole into the air. Oh, really?
 Yes, every single day on average. How many deaths do we get some deaths? Yeah, really not?
 I think the last one was 2008 but a lot of injuries and it's especially in
 January and February and it seems to be this combination of old wiring and then there's rain and snow melt and then
 Salt spread on the roads to stop ice gets in and that's all corrosive and electrical and it creates this massive explosion
 So like there was a guy sitting in a parked car
 Recently who just his car he had an explosion and his car lifted off the ground
 And then it shot back onto the ground and he legged it and then watched it explode
 That would be just the comeuppance for somebody trying to steal a manhole cover. They go right. We've nearly we've nearly got it
 Okay
 There's time for fact number three and that is
 Anna my fact is that a spaceman was originally a journalist paid according to how much space their writing took up
 Brilliant so good. Yeah, I just think I came across this researching about a couple of weeks ago
 And I was just looking in the oed for something and I saw spaceman clicked on spaceman
 And actually the first definition of it is from 1892 and it is a journalist
 Well, as as I said, they got paid in those days according to how long their articles were how much space they took up
 And the meaning to mean someone from outer space or someone who goes into outer space
 Didn't rock up till 1932 right 40 years later
 This is like the classic fact of batman existed before batman existed. What does that mean?
 i.e a batman is somebody who would help like a an officer in an army
 Yeah
 And then later we have the understanding of what a batman is or a valet. So is batman a parody?
 That's right. Yes, correct. He was a man who really took his job much too seriously
 And then ended up dressing up as a bat. Yeah, and then his parents died and then insert more jokes here
 I don't know, but it's not a pun. It's not a direct. It's not a pun at all
 But if batman if batman is the valet, who's the boss? Oh my god, that's right. Hold on isn't batman's batman
 What's his name? Pennyworth. Oh, no the
 So pennyworth is batman's batman. No, who's the old guy who's alfred?
 Alfred Pennyworth. Alfred. Oh Alfred. Sorry. Alfred Pennyworth. It's this thing on. Who calls Alfred by his surname?
 Even batman has never done that. The guy who watched the tv show that's based on a kiddie knot the
 Use of Alfred Pennyworth called Pennyworth. I'm gonna leave. Didn't know that. There's a tv series about the butler. Correct. That sounds boring
 It's no manhole covers. I'll give you that. Oh, sorry. What a great point. Why am I so nice?
 Master wine that guy. Yes. He's got his own tv series. Were you doing Michael K? Master wine. I was doing the impression of master wine
 I'm actually my I'm actually Michael Cain's brother
 Roger Cain I've had so many series. Do the blow the doors offline
 I'm only supposed to blow the bloody master wine
 The bloody doors
 Dreadful cold you've got Michael
 Anyway
 The gilded age very brief period of time the gilded age 1870s to 1890s in the u.s. And that's where journalism
 I think was undergoing a little bit of a revolution. I think newspapers had finally
 stopped increasing sales and they were trying to give journalism a boost in various ways
 And yeah, people would get paid by length and people would get furious because also the idea of an editor was coming in as well
 And I read a rant actually by a journalist at the time
 Who was saying that editors are the worst obviously because they hack away at your
 salary
 So you've written 17 000 words of tribe in the hope of getting paid 30 quid or whatever
 Um, and yeah, people used to get furious one writer saying many a time
 Have I had my financial prospects of a big bill grow smaller and smaller as that inexorable blue pencil went on its avalanche like mission of extermination
 Yes, I think we can see why your writing is cut down sometimes sir. You're the quiesciosity is noted
 I've got a list of uh
 Old-fashioned terms that were used in the olden days great
 Which sound a little bit naughty, but they fit in with what you're saying. Do you know and this is relatively famous?
 What a dog's dick is? Yeah, I certainly do
 A dog's dick or a dog's cock or a screamer
 Or a shriek. I normally say the word screamer
 It's one of those big exclamation points at the end of a headline
 Lovely, there are other words like fudge box. Is that to
 mess with the facts that is
 A small area you kept free the sort of fudge box that you could sneak in just at the last minute
 Oh, right. So when people literally said the phrase stop the press
 They'd use that fudge box and then shove it in and then you could have things in after the deadline that could be fudged
 Like how you always think for the ivy restaurants fully booked, but they've always got a couple of tables on reserve in case
 Very relatable stuff there, and am I right guys if I had
 A nickel for every time
 Well, that's that's the thing the sort of empty stuff being filled in later
 I didn't really realize the precursor to newspapers is basically the sub-stack model, which is newsletters
 so
 Before papers he would subscribe to newsletter, which I really like
 And it would be delivered personally to you. Yes, it would and it was it was handwritten
 You would get a handwritten letter rounding up interesting events
 Basically like news as gossip in a way, but there were hundreds of clerks who would write these out and sometimes in your
 newsletter the handwriting would change halfway through
 Because there'd been a shift change or something
 And they they were formatted like letters some of them and they started with the foreign news at the end with
 You know local or more recent news. That's amazing. So I mean circulation can't have been very much
 I wonder how many letters they describe
 And you might share a subscription with your neighbor because they were really expensive. So you might club up
 You know, yeah
 And other newspapers were limited by official licensing laws. The government restricted newspapers very heavily until the late 17th century
 So this was a workaround, right
 There's another term just jumping back to Ali's terms
 called yellow journalism, which was back in the 1890s as well
 And this was and it's kind of almost the start of where newspapers started
 Sensationalizing things and exaggerating headlines and bending fact into what it's not for the sake of getting newspapers sold
 And yellow journalism was named after a comic book that used to appear in one of the newspapers in America
 Where the character was called the yellow kid and he was he was a bold headed kid
 His his head had been shaved because of lice
 He wore a long jumper that was yellow and he would always have a slogan on it
 which would parody as it were the big billboard advertisements that you would get for products and
 Because they did that and he would often parody news of the day and so on in the comic strip
 That became the go-to term for what these big people like william randolph hurris were doing
 Where they were trying desperately to sell their version of the newspaper because when back in the day
 You would go to a newspaper stand particularly
 That's almost a famous image in america, right where it's read all about it read all about
 And so they'd be yelling the headlines you go well that headline sounds better than that headline until you get it
 And so it was a it was a war of fake news or exaggeration or exaggeration rather. Yeah
 I didn't know that was where it came from because you still sometimes refer to the get you know
 Sometimes one his yellow journalism
 Because it was um a time of fake news hugely
 In fact, there was an issue of the journalist, which I guess is the um sort of paper that analyzes journalism in 1892
 That estimated that the majority of stories supplied to newspapers
 Were fiction or just completely made up and if you weren't going to make something out people staged their own things
 So um journalists would kind of try to create a mad a mad event
 There was one I think this is the 1880s in buffalo new york who bought a cadaver's arm
 And then cut it up into loads of pieces dropped all the pieces in the canal and then found one of the fingers
 And then wrote an article on whereas this finger come from what they're doing in the canal
 Why isn't there a missing person and created a big storm that everyone else reported on and then you know
 Other bits turned up in the canal that other people found that's a good question for microsoft interview
 I've just found a finger in a canal. What's going on? No, no, that's a good way of losing a job
 I'm just trying to get out
 I think you should answer not set the questions andy. That's what we're learning here
 I think if you go into the interview with extra questions that they should ask that's another power move
 You're answering back with a question of your own
 Use yeah when they say at the end of the interview. Do you have any questions for us? You're like, yeah, tell me where I got these fingers from
 We're just on spacemans quickly
 We're talking fake news and we're talking about the fact that the word means obviously someone in space
 But it also in newspapers. I have found a spaceman that combines all three of those things
 Oh, wow. So
 An astronaut who was paid by
 The I've cheated it. Okay. It's not a real astronaut
 It's someone who spent a large part of their time in space but in the world of television and film
 It's Sir Patrick Stewart. So Jean-Luc Picard of the ss enterprise. Yeah
 he
 Used to be a local journal
 When he was a young when he was age 15
 He um, he left school and he stayed in the area. He was living in which was murray field
 And he joined a local newspaper. And so he became their
 Person who would sort of write up the births and deaths all the announcements
 And then he would go to local plays and so on and he would watch them and do little bits of critique writing as well
 Can I just check this is the character, right? This is Sir Patrick Stewart. Sorry. This is Sir Patrick Stewart
 That's not the backstory of captain Picard and Star Trek. I started out in local journalism, of course before I started
 Spreading peace through the universe seems like I was joking but genuine now. Let's do that whole thing going
 So did all the star trek people have backstories based on their earth jobs? They're always reading the newspapers
 They've got a little printing press in the back on the enterprise. The actual backstory is that his family were in vineyards
 Yeah, so there you go. Also, was it the USS enterprise? I had to stop saying anything
 I know no no glad I've got that in because otherwise that sounds like a Nazi ship chasing after them the ss enterprise
 I was thinking to myself there'll be so many letters, but I I just didn't want to interrupt your flow
 So yeah, the USS enterprise and so Sir Patrick Stewart before he was an actor. He was a local journalist, but
 He because he was busy getting ready for his acting world used to have a lot of evenings where he would go and practice his own plays
 So in some cases he never saw the play that he was meant to see and critique
 He would call people up and say what was it like or he just made it up and he often made up a lot of the news
 So he a spaceman in two forms was responsible for fake news brilliant very nice combination
 Also, we love you. Can I just something that I find so weird about journalism around this period
 We've been talking about when it changed is that the revolutionary thing that was happening was it was going into the inverted pyramid
 Structure, which is a
 Term it's still taught today the inverted pyramid. Yeah, there you go
 And the inverted pyramid is how we read almost all journalism and it's very simple the way it works
 Is that at the top of an article you have the amazing most newsworthy big news
 And then the second bit of the article is the next bit of the pyramid
 Which is the important details in it
 And then the third bit of the article is like background general information
 You know, can you be asked to get there? Maybe if you've got nothing else on the day. Yeah, exactly
 But that and we're so used to reading stories like that. It's hard to imagine journalism written another way
 But I was reading from when it was done in narrative style where you just start at the beginning of a story
 And you would move on and I don't know if you guys have ever read the Associated Press report from april
 1865
 From the report from ford theater. Have I?
 What year what year this is lincoln sure is here's how it begins. This is the the story
 president lincoln and wife visited ford theater this evening
 For the purpose of witnessing the performance of the american cousin
 It was announced in the papers that general grant would also be present
 But that gentleman's a late train of cast for new jersey. Hang on. Is this a patrick stewart thing where he hadn't actually been but he just
 wrote it up
 You've buried the lead and the president
 It's so weird how far until we get to it
 It's third paragraph the next paragraph is the theater was densely crowded everyone seemed delighted with the scene before them etc
 etc, and then it goes on to say a sound was heard and someone ran across the
 Stage and he said these were if finally it's the groans of mrs. Lincoln first disclosed the fact that the president had been shot
 I mean, isn't that amazing? Was there a headline on this piece?
 That's such a good question. I don't think there was because this might have predated big headlines. Yeah, I think this predated big headlines
 Yeah, there was no dog stick that would be inappropriate. No, so you really had to focus on you really had to read the full thing
 You never know whether this is the most important story of the decade
 Imagine not having somehow missed the news that Lincoln had been killed and you're just reading a nice review and that pops up halfway through
 Sorry, what?
 What?
 What about the play? Yeah
 Another phrase that you might say to do with journalism is today's news is tomorrow's fish and ship paper, right?
 So I'll think about that because I've moved to a seaside town and I'm getting a lot of fish and ships at the moment
 And I ain't seeing any newspapers. They're not wrapped in it. So I think that might be something that's been phased out
 But what do we know about the newspapers? Where did they get them from?
 Oh, you run a fish and ship? Yeah, where did you where did you get your newspapers from?
 They can pick them up off the street when they're discarded. So that's a bit disgusting. I don't want to know it. I mean
 It's a bit disgusting. Yeah, okay. I will only I will actually only have my fish and chips from a copy of the daily telegraph
 Because you get more chips that way. It's a massive paper. It's a big. Yeah. Yeah, you got the job
 No, so what it is is one thing you probably will have noticed is that if you ever opened up your fish and chips
 You never had the front page of a newspaper. You would always have had something from the body of the newspaper
 So they never used old newspapers. What would happen is at the end of the day at a news agent
 They would have return copies that they would need to send back
 But that's huge and bulky and what are the papers going to do with it? They don't need it
 So what you would do as a news agent is you'd rip off the front page or enough that you would have the date
 And the title of the newspaper and you send that back to the newspapers to get your refund
 And then you give your unread newspapers to the fish and chips and they use it from there
 Hang on. So the newspaper will refund you for just sending the front page
 It's proof that you haven't sold the paper. I guess which is the main thing
 They don't actually physically want it back unless they're trying to pulp it, which I guess they weren't doing
 So, yeah, that's brilliant. That's amazing. Yeah
 Wow, that's really cool. I remember thinking if I had a big printout image of ink on it
 I don't want that on my chips
 No, well now you get fish and chips delivered on um, bbc news articles online
 It's on the kindle these days. I get mine. Mine keep popping up as alerts
 Oh, I don't need another chip
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact
 My fact this week is that there is a spider in east africa that really wants to eat us
 But because it can't it finds other animals that have eaten us and eats that instead brilliant. Yeah, it's it's extremely clever
 This is the east african spider. It's sometimes known as a vampire spider and it really wants to eat us
 It wants our blood so much hence the word vampire, but it doesn't have pincers that can penetrate enough
 It doesn't want to be killed. It's got all sorts of issues. So what it's done is it's identified that if it instead
 Didn't eat us and then hunted female mosquitoes instead that had just eaten us
 It could get the juicy juicy blood out of them. So when you say eats animals, it's mosquitoes mainly because
 I read that as
 Like I don't know what lions. Yeah, I lie and it's just and they go oh wow the lion's got a really good tourist
 I'm going right after that lion. Yeah, no, it's it's specifically mosquitoes hence the vampire thing
 by the way, this was discovered in australia macquarie university and
 Basically, they wanted to see what the eating habits of this of this spider wear and wine
 So they did that they put in mosquitoes in there that didn't have any human blood in it
 And then they put in female mosquitoes that did and they kept noticing that it could smell it out
 Even by sight because they tested it two different ways
 There was one where they put it in front of mosquitoes and let it smell the you know a male
 A hungry female or a full female pick the full female and then it showed them from behind glass like an id parade
 The same thing a male an empty female and a full female, but it couldn't smell them, but it definitely knew it sort of said
 Really like a menu. It's a really clever thing. I like the sound of it. They're really cool. They're also really into smelly socks
 That's the other thing
 So they explain that to me. Well, it's appealing to mosquitoes
 smelly socks contain secretions from your foot
 Which smell good to mosquitoes so mosquitoes are seeking those out. So the spider is going whether mosquitoes are likely to be
 Oh, this is just what a genius. That's brilliant. This has blown my mind because you know how people have sweet blood
 And they say, oh, yeah, they always get bitten. Oh, yeah, it's because they have sweet blood and that's sort of colloquialism
 The truth is your feet stink
 You got really stinky socks. So forget the sweet blood thing. That's just your mom trying to be nice
 I've never noticed mosquitoes gathering around my feet
 That'll be a that's the superpower no one wants
 Could I talk a little bit about other animals that have vampire in the name?
 Oh, yeah, the vampire
 Brand it's very strong
 Not all of them glitter, but it's just interesting that you can have a vampire squirrel bear with me
 So this is a rare tufted ground squirrel that is only found in the hilly forests of borneo
 And it is notable not just because it has the taste for blood reportedly
 But also because it has an incredibly bushy tail
 It has the busiest tail of any mammal compared to its body size
 Again, it's called the vampire squirrel
 And I just think is it a vampire squirrel or is it just a very big tail squirrel?
 But it likes blood
 Yeah, I mean that that it doesn't matter how big your tail is if you like blood you're a vampire
 I guess so the species is really very bizarre
 So the tail is 30 larger than the rest of its body
 But in terms of like the blood it will eat gynacorns, of course it will
 But it also will perch on low branches and then jump onto a deer
 Go into its jugular vein
 And also disembowel the carcass
 Okay, sorry
 No, I know there's no squirrel that can take down a deer. It's not taking
 If it's disemboweling the carcass and it's step one is jump onto it from your tree
 No, but it but it's the pincing must be like a vulcan death grip, right?
 Like it must be a pinch or whatever that is more letters coming in goes through the neck takes it down
 If you can get the right spot you can incapacitate
 It's just like I've I've seen lions fighting with deer for minutes on end
 But they're the same size the same size
 It's like have you ever had a kid punch you in the balls? Not you
 But have you know like fighting a kid it takes a while before you can get a good punch in you think that's
 You think fighting a kid
 So you're saying fighting a kid is harder than fighting a fully grown adder. I'm saying it's like even so many fights
 Marguerite seafront is full of is littered with bodies large and small give me a fish
 No, if a little thing is crawling a spider crawling on you whatever it's hard to
 It's hard to punch a spider. Yeah, and if it's on your balls, you're in big trouble
 As the saying goes
 Look, I will say it's not been scientifically observed that there have been deer kills in this manner
 But the local tribe these are the forest dwelling dyke hunters
 Say that it does attack and kill deer to eat their stomach contents. Yeah. So again squirrels cute
 Yeah
 So the spider you wouldn't think is very vampire-ary as well because its length is five millimeters long
 So we're talking about like a little tiny little thing here is very very small
 The most vampire-ary thing of the animals has to be the vampire bat. That's a fair shout. I think yeah, yeah
 Because it literally and I was reading about the vampire bats and we've mentioned a couple things about them in the past
 But what I didn't know is is that if they are taking blood from an animal
 So a vampire bat will land on the ground and crawl over sink the fangs in
 If it's a if it's a particularly hairy animal and the animals usually sleep it will shave the animal
 Yeah, it uses its teeth and cheek teeth
 It's got cheek teeth inside and it will shave a patch as if it's about to do surgery and then it will put its fangs in
 So it does it's like a barber. It's just a little schik schik schik
 You'll wake up with ball patches all over you and you'll know that someone sucked your blood
 Yeah, I guess so if you're an animal
 And do we know is that because you know how it's very unpleasant to kiss someone who hasn't shaved
 Is that because it's also unpleasant to drink blood from someone who hasn't shaved?
 Is that just to make it a more comfortable experience for them? I think you you get your food in their beard
 Uh, you know what I mean? Yeah, that's cool on that. Is that other documentary the twits?
 Uh, um, this is a
 An acting related fact for these spiders. There's a spider which only survives because it's a bad actor
 Oh, it's like it's one of those spiders that fakes a death kind of thing to avoid predators thinking it's alive
 And you pity them because they're so bad
 Oh, wow, he's got a lot of work. I don't eat that and then you ali you go soft on it in the press tour
 I do. You know, you think it doesn't deserve well. Yeah. Yeah. Um, so this is called sila calling woody
 And it pretends to be an ant right because ants are often quite scary for predators
 They've got strong jaws and they can really bite you back as it were
 So a lot of predators avoid them
 This spider doesn't have that but it lifts up its front legs and waves them around as if they're antennae
 Oh, okay, um, and it shakes his abdomen about so it looks a bit like it looks a bit like an ant
 But its impression is so bad that it could be any one of multiple ant species
 Effectively, it's not a very good specific ant impression
 But that means it deters multiple predators. That's great because it could it sort of looks a bit like loads of ants
 It's like me being able to do one accent which actually sounds plausibly like loads of different countries
 It could have come from my life cania
 Exactly. Yeah, um, it's an all-round in person. It's a generic impersonation
 It's that's the shoulder. Am I doing a Welsh accent? Am I doing a completely different accent? It doesn't matter
 It's the factory setting of accents. Exactly. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So every animal goes
 It's like if something's on the turn. It's like, I think it's okay to eat, but it might be that poisonous one. It might be an ant. Yeah
 Yeah, exactly bin. Yeah. Yeah, um, this spider is only found in Lake Victoria
 You know how big Lake Victoria is big. It's so big. It's so biggy
 It's six times the size of Yorkshire. That's bigger or smaller than that manhawk cover. You are
 It's ginormous. ginormous. This lake is massive. Um, yeah, it's the just it's so it's uh, it's east Africa. It's um
 Kenya, Uganda and Tanzania, right? The three countries on its borders. It's so I love this. It's so big
 It's one of only two places in east Africa where you can watch the sunset over water
 But you're not on the coast. Oh
 Yeah, that's nice. You just look out and the sunset and it's it's actually there's more land on the other side of it
 Yeah, it's kind of cool. That is cool. Yeah. Yeah. Um, it's basically half of England
 That's big. That is large and it's amazing, isn't it? It's an ecological wonder
 I didn't know about this at all and it kind of helps you out Dan
 Um, just to update you Ellie Dan makes references to evolution a lot and occasionally they are verging on incorrect
 But it does help out your evolutionary arguments when sometimes you assume evolution can happen quite fast
 Oh, yeah, Victoria
 It's like zoom and it seems like we don't really know why and this is specifically these cichlids
 So about 16,000 years ago. There were three species of cichlid, which is a kind of fish
 You see them in aquariums a lot
 Um, there were three species of cichlid there. There are by the mid 20th century. There were over 500 species
 And now that is an incredibly short amount of time for them all to have
 Shagged mutated turned into different species not been able to yeah
 And as far as I can tell one of the reasons it happened so far seems to be that they're quite bad swimmers
 So so they get stuck in specific bits exactly doing their own breeding. Yeah, exactly
 You get a loose touch with yeah loose touch with the home the home planet how interesting
 Cichlids carry their newly hatched offspring in their mouths
 That's another reason why they don't breed very much
 They could not compete because it limits your breeding drastically a rubbish at kissing
 Give me a give me a cichlid image. What's a cichlid? It's like you think think of a fish in an aquarium in a shop
 Yeah, it's like that. Okay, right. It looks like a nice classic fish
 Yeah, no, you're right
 That's not good for like a date night where you go to kiss lay up in their mouth and the children are in there
 Anything I should know
 She was a lovely great listener. She sounds a bit like Michael Cabe
 Okay, that's it that is all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening if you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said
 Over the course of this podcast. We can be found on various social media accounts. I'm on at schreiberland
 Andy at under hunter m alley at alley plum with a b on the end
 And Anna, where can they get to the four of us? You can tweet at no such thing or instagram
 No such thing as a fish or you can email podcast at qi.com
 Yep, or you could head over to our website. No such thing as a fish.com
 You'll find all of our previous episodes up there
 You'll find bits of merchandise up there
 But most importantly most crucially you will find links to the live tour thunder nerds
 We're back on the road later this year
 So come grab a ticket if we're coming to a city or town near you
 And uh, otherwise just come back here next week because we're gonna be back with another episode and we'll see you then
 Goodbye
 Guys before we go
 I've googled it
 So how many times do the two hands on a clock coincide?
 In a 24 hour period. Okay, so the obvious guess was 12. I think it's gonna be 24 or 24
 24 they did a 24 hour period. Oh, sorry. It's 24 hours. Sorry. It was in the question. You're out of the interview process
 Get your stuff and leave early and ask Selena always read the top of the exam paper
 I need final answers guys 22 23 22 for
 Andy
 23 for Anna. It makes no sense. I'm just gonna split the difference
 22.5. 22.5. Yep. Okay. That was a terrible idea
 I'm out. Look bloody. There we go. Bye. The answer is 22 times. Andy's right
 The hands coincide at times 12 o'clock 105 211 3 16 and so on
 Every 65 minutes not 60 minutes. They coincide 11 times in 12 hours. Therefore 22 times in 24 hours
 So when I thought it was 12 then I was right with 11
 Because I was so stupid
 I didn't even listen to the wording of the question and that is how you don't get the job
 And that's why Andy is now working at Microsoft. Thank you very much. I cannot excuse why I made my guess
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
