 Hello and welcome to another episode of the No Such Things A Fish International Fact Ball.
 Brought to you by the QILs and visit england.com.
 Today I'm joined by John Mitchinson, Molly Oldfield and James Harkin.
 My name's Anna Tishinski and today we'll be putting Greece against Japan to find out which
 is the most quite interesting country. Let's kick off with Greece.
 Oh, I've got a good fact about Greece. Nobody knows how many islands there are.
 The estimates are between 1400 and 6000. Wow.
 But there are only 227 are inhabited so that's like 1 in 26 if you go for the higher estimate.
 That means there's a load of Greek islands up for grabs.
 Yeah. You're saying we could claim them as our own?
 Well, why not? So during austerity last year, which was obviously a tough time for the Greek,
 a TV program was cancelled live on air, which I would usually look up.
 It's pretty awkward. I can't tell what they're saying because I'm not fluent in Greek.
 But it looks like a news program and people just walk on at the end of it and like pack up all
 their stuff around them. It's kind of sad. Wow. Lions used to live in Europe and the last
 place they were before they died out was in Greece. Really? Yeah. What happened was they were
 hunted to extinction because they needed them for the gladiator fights and eventually they died
 out because of that. But yeah, lions on Greece. Really? Until when?
 That was until around 1 AD. Oh, okay. A while ago. Yeah. It's not like there are probably some
 still roaming around out there. Unfound. Could be on one of the uncounted 4,000 islands, you know?
 So, do you know what the Greeks call themselves? They don't call themselves Greeks.
 Hellenic? Well, yeah. It's the Hellenic Republic. But I was quite interested to discover that every
 single European country except for one calls them some version of Greece. So it's, you know,
 Gretcher in Italian or Gretia in Spanish. But there's one country in Europe that calls them
 Hellas. And that's weirdly Norwegian. Really? Yeah.
 Random. That's weird. The Hellas. And you know what the Turks call them? This is even more
 interesting. Unannistan. Unann is the Persian for Greece because the bit of Greece that used to be
 in Asia Minor called Ionia, which they were all kicked out of in the early 20th century. That's
 how they got the name. So, but Unannistan. Weird. Greece don't like Macedonia, do they? They don't like
 them taking that name. No. Because they think the Macedonia is actually in Greece. And there is a
 Macedonia in Greece. And then there's a bit of Bulgaria that's also called Macedonia. And they're all
 trying to claim Macedonia because they all want to be the place where. By just calling themselves
 Macedonia, like if I living in the village of Chiselhampton called it Rome, I could tell people
 that I lived in Rome. And that works. All roads lead to Chiselhampton. Chiselhampton. It's brilliant.
 So the Greek flag is blue, right? Blue and white. Blue and white, right? So what do we know about
 the Greeks and blue? They have no word for it? Oh yeah. Yeah. It's kind of weird. It must be
 difficult for Greek commentators. You see our beautiful flag over there that is white and that other
 thing that's strange color. I think it speaks for itself. Well, Homer called the sea bronze, didn't he?
 Yeah, he did. The idea is that the Homeric colors were more like intensities of light and shade rather
 than natural colors. So Aristotle said there were seven shades of color, all of which derived from
 black and white. How many shades of grey did he see? I don't know, but I know you got a good fact
 about shades of grey. That was the deliberate shoe hog. But yeah, I went on the Pantone website to see
 how many shades of grey they sell and they sell 104 shades of grey. Brilliant. Nice. Between
 1920 and 1983, letpracy was specified in Greek law as grounds for divorce. That's fair enough,
 really. I mean, what do I use that as a grounds for divorce? Would you not? I wish I could leave a
 little something of yourself behind with your loved one. Or maybe if your ring finger fell off.
 About 10% of people worldwide have got something called Greek foot. Do you think any of you have it?
 It's when your second toe is longer than your big toe and it was a really idealised form in Greek
 sculpture. And actually, these are statue of liberty. It's got Greek feet. Wow. I have that.
 You have Greek foot. Yeah, definitely. Second toe longer. Cool. You've gone down very well in ancient
 Greece. Yeah, my sixth toe is the longest. Is that normal? Yeah, join a circus. Speaking of Greek
 statues. So we always imagine them. I guess we always see them in that grey colour, but they were
 really colourful. So they've done lots of colour sampling now. We've got modern technology which
 can tell us what colour Greek statues were, what colour the path none was. And they used like
 really bright primary colours. And the path and then they found really bright blue. I think it's
 called Egyptian blue. Although they would have just called it Egyptian, that colour that is quite
 sort of bright. Tourism in Greece. Oh yeah. Huge 20 million visitors a year. One in six of those
 visitors of British. We, I think, are the biggest single tourist body in Greece, which is
 interesting. Closely followed, of course, by the Germans. Yeah. We're usually closely following
 them to the sun lounges. So weirdly, the Greeks didn't have pockets in their clothes. So
 apparently, when they went shopping, they used to carry small change in their mouth. This is the
 ancient Greeks, right? Yeah. Yeah. How did they ask for things? When they were full out.
 Do you think that's why when you die in Greece, you put a coin in the mouth of the dead
 person. Do you? Yeah, exactly. Speaking of death, Greece is the only European country without a
 crematorium. Really? Do they just bury them? I think the Greek Orthodox don't agree with
 the kind of thing. Yeah, that makes sense. There were two Greek Orthodox churches on the island of
 Kiosk and every Easter, they fire rockets at each other. Oh yeah, I've read about this. 80,000
 rockets are fired on the evening of Easter. Yeah, it's really the thing to see all these things,
 but until 1889, they used real cannons. And now they just use home fireworks, which is probably just
 as dangerous in a way. Yeah, yeah, yeah, right. I actually read some ancient Greek jokes.
 Oh yeah? So just going to round off on a really, really bad ancient Greek joke.
 So, wanting to train his donkey not to eat, an idiot stopped giving him any food. When the donkey
 died of starvation, the man said, "What a loss. Just when he learned not to eat, he died."
 Well, Mitch likes that one. I'm chuckling. Oh, that's good. That's the half time whistle, I think.
 So now it's time for our visit england.com quiz about England. And I think each of my three fellow
 panelists have brought a question about England. Let's start off with James. What's your question?
 My question is relating to the town of my birth, Bolton. When Icelandic footballer Goodenbergs
 and left Bolton, what did he say he would miss the most? Was it you? Oh, no. No, that didn't seem plausible.
 Okay, that's James's question. Molly, what's yours? My question is, what did Harold Godwinson
 have tattooed on his chest? Was it my name? Unfortunately not. No, seemed unlikely as well.
 Mitch. My question is, rugby school, where the game of rugby union was invented,
 had, as it's part of its first official kit, an item of formal wear. What was it?
 Interesting. And freaking. Okay, thanks guys. And if any of you listening to this one,
 I hear the answers to those questions. You're going to have to listen to the rest of the podcast
 because that's when we're going to reveal them. Or you can fast forward to the end.
 I mean, that's the whistle to kick off with the second half. And we're going to go with Japan.
 Anything interesting about Japan, anyone? Well, the Japanese at least do know how many islands they have.
 There are 6,852 islands, although only four make up 97% of the whole land area of Japan.
 And more than 80% of Japan is forest. Do you guys know what innemoury is? No.
 So it's a positive thing and it literally means sleeping whilst present. And it's sleeping on the
 job. And it sort of is a good thing in Japan because it's symptomatic of like a really hard worker.
 And the prime minister's been seen doing it. People have faked it so that their bosses
 seem they're working really hard. So it's really a great thing to do. That probably explains why
 Dan's been asleep all the way through this podcast. The average Japanese person gets two hours
 less sleep per night than the average Chinese person. What about during the day? They catch up then.
 Yeah, I guess they do. Nintendo translates to English as leave luck to heaven. And Canon used to be
 called Huanon after a Buddhist goddess. Oh, really? That's quite good. So Canon's a good example of
 this thing they do in Japan, which means that 98% of their adoptions are men in their 20s and 30s.
 Really? Yeah, because so there's a strong history of family businesses that pass down through
 the family. But the Japanese worked out in the 16th century. I think it was the 17th century
 that if you pass it down through the bloodline, often your son's a bit crap and ruins the business.
 So rather than just say we're going to stop passing through the bloodline, they now adopt people.
 So like examples of this are Canon, Toyota, Suzuki, and in almost every generation, rather than
 handing down the business to their son, they adopt a 20 or 30 something guy to take it over and it's
 much more successful than companies that don't do it. That is a nice idea, but I imagine the real
 son must get really annoyed. There must be so many resentful sons in Japan. And vent killings.
 Well, I'm not blaming anyone. I've said about Greece how leprosy was grounds for divorce.
 Well, in the early 20th century, left-handedness in a wife was sufficient to divorce her.
 I love vending machines in Japan. There's one vending machine for every 23 people
 that you find them everywhere and you can get pretty much anything from pot plants and live
 lobsters to, well, sexual lubricants, that kind of thing. I love the idea of a vending machine for a
 live lobster. That's just a brilliant idea. For dinner or? Well, I guess. I don't suppose there's a pet.
 Gerald the Neval. He had a pet one that he used to take out. They can live for a week out of water.
 Well, I'm not sure they love doing it, but they can, as long as they're moist. But there is a
 machine at the summit of Mt Fuji, a vending machine at the summit of Mt Fuji. What does it sound?
 Coffee in a can or Pocari Sweat. What is Pocari Sweat? Pocari Sweat is a soft drink. It's salty.
 I don't know that it is particularly salty. It's just been advertised on the moon. It's the first
 piece of advertising to happen on the moon. They sent a can of Pocari Sweat up there as a PR campaign
 and it's now. That's where it is. Here's a fact for you. Just out of the blue.
 The Mariko Ayoki phenomenon is a phenomenon consisting of the urge to defecate while visiting
 a bookstore. Originating in Japan, it is named for the woman who first publicized such an urge.
 That is getting your name to live on in history, isn't it?
 Did you publicize it by acting it out? I think she just wrote about it.
 Okay. I didn't know this was a phenomenon. It's never occurred to me, but has it? Have you felt that
 sensation? Yes, yes, I have. But I used to work in a bookstore. So I felt almost everything.
 Almost every known human emotion I have at some point. Maybe I'll just switch these microphones off.
 Speaking of emotion, there's something called Paris Syndrome, which is when about a dozen also
 Japanese people a year have to be repatriated after they go to Paris and they think, oh my goodness,
 this place is not what I imagined. People are mean to them. It's really noisy and polluted and
 they just totally freak out. Oh, really?
 Adopt nappies, outsell, baby nappies in Japan. Oh, yeah, they do. They wear them on the train to go home.
 Like, on the holidays, there's like so many people traveling on the train that nobody can use the
 loot so they wear nappies to go home. Maybe. There's only one of them in bookshops.
 Indeed they do. Tintin in Japanese is tantan because tintin means penis in Japanese.
 So they just thought they ought to. It's not not a great name for a character. It's not ideal.
 Oh, so they have an annual penis festival in Japan. It's called Festival of the Steele Fallos.
 And it's in Canemara. It's the first Sunday of every April. And there's a legend behind it saying
 there's a demon who invaded a woman's vagina and bit of any penises coming her way
 until a blacksmith forced a steele fallos that defeated the demon. And if you google the photos,
 it's pretty mental. There's just giant pink wheelies everywhere. I think I'd rather not.
 I also like the idea of any penis coming her way. They're just walking down the street and they say,
 we should wrap up on that. I think I just heard the full-time whistle in fact.
 Nope, there it is. There it is. Yeah. And that's the end of the match. So before we reveal who
 won, it's time to tell you the answers to our visit england.com quiz. So James, what was your question
 and the answer to it? My question was relating to Icelandic footballer Gugney Bergsson and what
 did he miss most about Bolton when he left? Well, he missed the good old Bolton drizzle.
 Why wouldn't you? He just liked this very fine rain we get in Bolton that they don't get in Iceland.
 Okay, thanks for that. Molly, what was your question? My question was, what did Harold Godwinson have
 tattooed on his chest? According to William of Portia, he had Edith, which was his wife's name,
 an england tattooed on his chest. And it came in handy when he lost the battle of Hastings because
 that's how Edith identified his body. Mitch, what was your question? My question was which
 bit of the original rugby school rugby union kit was a piece of formalware. And the answer was
 they had a bow tie, which is kind of fantastic. You could imagine, yeah, you could imagine it now
 sort of round the thick neck of the England front row. Okay, so there are all the answers. Of
 course, you didn't get to win any prizes even if you knew all the answers, but you can win a prize if
 you go to visit england.com where you'll have the chance to enter a ballot and win some marvellous
 QI goodies. And if you would like to confront any of these guys about their questions and answers,
 you can get James on that eggshops, you can get Molly on at Molly Oldfield, you can get Mitch on
 at John Mitchinson and you can get me on else at qi.com. But his for the grand finale, the climax
 of the whole event, who's going to be the winner of this match and someone's going to pick a random
 and I think it's going to be Mitch, who do you think should win? James? Oh, which country? Oh, I see
 of the game. Oh, I understand. Two teams. Oh, I think absolutely Greece without a shadow of a doubt.
 Greece without a shadow of a doubt. There we go. There you go. That's the answer. Thanks a lot for
 listening guys and tune in tomorrow when it's going to be. It's going to be a triple threat much
 between Iran, Argentina and Ecuador. Okay, so join us without three way tomorrow. See you then. Bye. Bye.
