 Hey there club fish members, Dan here. Welcome to your secret bonus bit of content. We've
 got a compilation episode for you this week, all the outtakes from various episodes over
 the last few months. The show mainly features us four fishers, me, Andy, James and Anna,
 but you will be hearing right at the end of the episode, Melanie Bracewell, who joined
 us while Anna was away for an episode. So, hope you enjoy it. Just one bit of context
 for one specific clip. When you hear me going into a fact about Napoleon, that was in reference
 to a fact that Andy did, which was thousands of soldiers who died at Waterloo were all
 turned into sugar. So that's just going to help to ease that little clip in there. Otherwise,
 if you've got any questions about things we've said on this week's episode, you can always
 get us on our various social media accounts or you can email podcast@qi.com. That gets
 sent to Andy and we can bring stuff up on a future Drop Us a Line episode. So, here we
 go. Hope you enjoy the episode and we'll see you in a couple of weeks with another club
 fish bonus. On with the show.
 When they expand, they expand so much that if an average human man did it, their waist
 would be inflated to a circumference of three metres. Wow. That's a conference. Not diameter,
 not radius. Not as impressive. It is impressive when you know that the holder of the Guinness
 World Record for the largest waist had a waist that was 302 centimetres. So, two centimetres
 much. So, pretty much that guy, he was called Walter Hudson. He was exactly as Andy would
 be if he was a puffer fish and puffed himself up. You might turn into Walter Hudson. Wow.
 And you'll often see this Walter Hudson. If you go to like Ripley's Believe It or Not
 or the Skinner's Records thing, there's often going to be a statue of him. That's amazing.
 Did you see that thing? It was a great thing online the other day. I think it was on Twitter.
 It was a hotel bathroom and it had one of the tiles in the wall, had a hole in the middle
 of it and above was embossed in ceramic razor blades. And if you finished with your razor
 blade, you just put it through that hot little slot in the tile and it just went into the
 wall. Oh, yeah. I have seen those before, but I always thought that that was a collection
 point. So, they just live in the wall. It just goes into the wall of the building and
 you never see it again. So, if they find this in 200 years, they'll say they were doing
 this for good luck. Maybe that was just cats. It was like, here's where to put your dead
 cats when you're done with them. Shop it in the cat slot. It used to be a rule in some
 parts of France that if you had a dead cat, you had to throw it in the nearest chasm.
 What? The chasm? Yeah, yeah. How many people have access to a chasm? There were a few in
 the south, but then it turned out years later that they realised that's where they were
 getting a lot of their fresh water from. Right, yeah. And so, whenever they threw the animals
 in, they were basically polluting their water supply. Nice. That's crazy. Anthony Trollup
 had a son who moved out to Australia to become a sheep farmer. So, Anthony Trollup went to
 visit him and apparently, this was the first time a major celebrity had gone to Australia
 according to a guy who's written a whole book about this. He said, "Prior to that, you only
 had people like, Darwin was there on the Beagle trip, but that was 20 years before he published
 'Origin of the Species'. So, Trollup got there and was known. He was received by Australia.
 He wrote a sort of nice little poem when he arrived. He went in, he lived on the farm
 where his son was shearing sheep and managing them. And he went down mines. So, when he then
 got back to the UK, he wrote a book about Australia in which he basically just knocked
 it. He would just say, "Oh, they think their food is, they're always going on about how
 good their food is, how good all this stuff is." And Australia went completely against
 him. All the newspapers were going, "Actually, do you know what? Now that I think about it,
 when he went down the mine, he was drunk." And they just absolutely, yeah, ripped him
 apart and he, yeah, just, it went from love to hate immediately.
 He had an impact because I don't know what Australians working on about how good their
 food is anymore.
 Did you guys read about, in the course of your research, Jonathan Sumption?
 No.
 So, he's a very, very eminent guy. He's a lawyer. He, I think, was a Supreme Court justice,
 you know. He's really, really top British lawyer now. He has been writing a history
 of the Hundred Years War since 1979. He published the final volume last year. It took 45 years.
 More than a third of the duration of the actual Hundred Years War, Jonathan Sumption spent
 writing a history of the Hundred Years War.
 That's all right. It's like playing a podcast at 2.5 times the speed, isn't it?
 I've worked out an interesting thing about this whole sugar thing, just to jump back
 to that quickly, which is, there's a theory that the reason Waterloo didn't go Napoleon's
 way is because he was suffering from major hemorrhoids. That's something that's often
 put out there. They say he couldn't sit on his horse. He couldn't get high enough to
 see.
 No, that's what they say. They say he couldn't see. He was famously a tiny man. He'd sit
 on someone's shoulders.
 I think I know where you're going with this. You're going to go to the, what they call
 those candies that you really like, the Sour Patch Kid theory.
 Oh, well, no, what I was going to say was that if you put sugar on hemorrhoids, it makes
 them go down.
 Exactly. So I was thinking as a tribute to the wind, you could take the sugar, apply
 it to Uranus if you have hemorrhoids and really stick it to Napoleon because the fallen soldiers
 are now getting rid of the one thing that ended the war in his favor.
 Do you remember?
 I was actually good. I was even going to correct ourselves about 10 years ago when I think we
 first mentioned that fact. And I think when we were loose, we were fast and loose with
 the truth back in our glory days.
 What the piles think.
 The piles think.
 It's not true, is it?
 It's true.
 It's very unlikely.
 It's not true that necessarily it works, but it's definitely true that people do it
 and that it's called that.
 So that's all true.
 Yeah.
 I just mean that the polytheism.
 The polytheism.
 James, very upset at the amount of sugar you shoved on his arms.
 It's definitely true, OK?
 James is recording this episode on a horse.
 Just to prove it.
 They might have created the original zombies with their poison.
 Oh, yes.
 I think.
 Yeah, I feel like this is in Downs area because you're a fan of Wade Davis.
 Yeah, Wade Davis.
 He wrote a book about this serpent in the something.
 Wade Davis.
 Who's that?
 Yeah.
 Well, so this is about zombies.
 So the origin of our zombies comes from Haiti and they had a tradition where if you put
 a voodoo curse on someone, then they'll die and then they'll come back as undead.
 But there were theories that what actually caused it was someone eating puffer fish toxin
 seeming to die and then being revitalized.
 So they weren't actually dead.
 They were kind of in a bit of a coma and then they came back and they were like a zombie.
 A bit like a zombie, yes.
 And then they were enslaved, according to this.
 And Wade Davis did an investigation.
 He said he'd found the formula that turned people into zombies and based it on a real
 life case that he investigated.
 This was the big battle of the day was between tinfoil and wax cylinder discs and shellac
 discs, which, as James says, they're flat and they're round and they're much, they're
 like the discs we have today.
 And it sounds like the wrong side one.
 Oh.
 I don't want to.
 Interesting.
 Much like the Napoleonic Wars, actually.
 No, no, no.
 Okay.
 Well, Edison was convinced that his discs were better and they did have a better sound
 quality.
 So is Edison on the shellac side?
 Sorry.
 Edison is cylinders.
 Wax cylinders.
 Wax cylinders.
 And they do seem genuinely better.
 There were a couple of disadvantages.
 One, they couldn't have a B side.
 Obviously, you could turn a vinyl, so down you put a B side on.
 And secondly, the storage is more difficult because you can store discs flat.
 You can't store cylinders flat.
 Yeah.
 However, supposedly the sound quality is better on a wax cylinder than these early shellac
 discs.
 God, I'd love to meet the pretentious person when you're saying, you know, vinyl is such
 high quality.
 Person in the corner.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah, you go to your Doulston vinyl shop and the next door, the wax cylinder shop are looking
 at you going, oh, Phil and Stine.
 I don't want to be rude, but I feel like we are talking to that person right now who's
 giving us this fact.
 I feel like you're making a case for it.
 Wax cylinders.
 I'm saying maybe at the time they sounded a bit better, but just the market broke in
 the other direction.
 You know, like video and Betamax or all of those things.
 You still have a lot of Betamax at home, don't you?
 It's coming back.
 Two other things that kind of got introduced during this period, and this is to do with
 Edward III.
 So I mentioned before that the sort of the nobles and the aristocracy were speaking
 French while peasants and so on speaking English.
 It was in that period that basically English became the language of England, that the French
 slowly started dipping out.
 So that's the period where that happened.
 And also, Edward III, it was in his reign that now that we have commons and lords with
 our parliament, that is him.
 That's part of his reign.
 There was the separation at that point.
 Oh, yeah.
 Thank God for that.
 Two big institutions.
 There was a very, really interesting study done, and I might not remember the details
 of this, but basically about names and how they dictate your success in life.
 And it looked at if people's names were Norman or not.
 And it basically found that today there is a direct correlation and as much as there
 ever was since 1066 in England between whether your name is Norman.
 So a French origin.
 So you're from the ruling classes because.
 Oh, right.
 Sorry.
 I was going to say I don't really know anyone called Norman.
 Sorry.
 Norman Wisdom.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 He was the prime minister for a while.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Very powerful.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 Of French origin, of French Norman origin.
 Right.
 Anyway, and so they were the ruling classes at 1066, obviously, when France invaded and
 conquered England.
 And a thousand years later, people who are descended from those people are still the
 ruling classes.
 It's not interesting.
 Did you guys know Buzz Aldrin, I don't think we've said this before, he has lived on a
 yellow submarine.
 Didn't know that.
 That's amazing.
 He has been to the Titanic in a yellow submarine, a yellow submarine, a yellow submarine.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 Maybe lived as a massive stretch, but he was part of a mission to raise a bit of the
 hull.
 He raised up a section of the hull, which was all a bit controversial.
 It was in the 90s, and it was sort of, should we leave it there, or could we raise a bit
 of it up for money?
 Are they excited on the latter course?
 Yeah.
 If you were a submarine maker in the 1970s, and you would say, OK, I've got this submarine.
 What colour am I?
 Fired yellow.
 Fine.
 Fine.
 Get some more yellow paint.
 No one's told you we had a blue submarine in the 1970s, are they?
 No.
 No, that was deep camouflage as well.
 Just to put context, because you have heard Wade Davis before on the show, Andy, he's
 an ethno-botanist and sort of anthropologist.
 Mr. Poo Knife.
 He's Poo Knife.
 He's Poo Knife.
 He's Mr. Poo Knife.
 Should we say for newer listeners who Mr. Poo Knife is, or is there?
 Yeah.
 He claimed that someone pooed when they were out in a very cold tundra area, shaped it
 into the knife shape.
 It froze as a knife, and he cut through a dog, made a sled and rode off into the distance.
 Why did he cut through a dog?
 He needed to get a sled, so he used the rib cage as a sled.
 Yeah.
 He needed to explain that in the story.
 Yeah.
 He tried to poo out enough poo to make a sled, but that wasn't going to work.
 Who pulled the sled if the dog was a sled?
 I mean, one more dog.
 Oh.
 As if you're that dog.
 It's a high pressure work day, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 It's a high pressure work day, isn't it?
 Well, Tony's not coming off a dinner on Friday anymore.
 Sorry.
 He's got two live dogs.
 Oh, a few live dogs, I heard that.
 He's got two live dogs and a poo brewing, and he poos, shapes the poo into the knife.
 Yeah.
 Kills the dog.
 Kills the dog.
 With the poo knife.
 With the poo.
 It feels like there's a, but it feels like there's a shorter way of doing all of this.
 I don't know.
 We should probably question the veracity of this story a little bit, right?
 Taskmaster, isn't it?
 It's like extreme taskmaster.
 I would love Taskmaster.
 I'm sure we might have said this before, but Dan on Taskmaster is the one who's fashioning
 out a poo for every task.
 I am available, Alex Horne, whatever you need me.
 This fact has altered my understanding of what neighborhood animals are in relation
 to my life now in terms of it's exactly magpies know your face and remember your face and
 they're there in your neighborhood.
 They are neighbors, right?
 Yeah.
 And I've just never considered, I've always thought if I saw a magpie in an area, it's
 probably another magpie.
 Yeah, but that, I just didn't, like.
 That's not true of all animals.
 Like the foxes might not remember you all day.
 But cats probably would, and dogs, and so on.
 It's more that when I go out and I see a magpie, I always think must be a new magpie.
 You know, like that Steve.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Instead, Steve's going, it's Dan.
 Yeah, but the other thing on the other side of that is people often think that if there's
 a robin who comes to the garden every year, they're like, oh, I friend the robins back
 this year, but actually they only live for about one year a robin and they're also quite
 violent and tend to kill each other quite a lot over territorial arguments.
 So usually, if you see a magpie, if you see a robin the next year, it's probably a different
 one.
 It might have even murdered to your previous friend.
 Interesting.
 Oh.
 Merry Christmas, everyone.
 Do you know how the puffer fish closes its eyes?
 Can fish close their eyes with an eyelid?
 It's got no eyelid, right?
 But it can.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 So this is pretty amazing.
 It's the opposite of a cartoon, sort of, where the eyes pop out.
 Oh, so the puffer fish looks at an unattractive puffer fish and sucks the eyes back in.
 Sucks its eyes 70% back of the depth into its head and uses the available skin to just
 squeeze shut.
 Oh, what a creepy wing that would be.
 Yeah.
 That's really good.
 70% of the size of the eye, do you mean?
 Yeah.
 Diameter, is it?
 Yeah.
 Diameter.
 That is it.
 That's really, I do wish we could do some of this stuff.
 Well, you can.
 I've known a few people.
 Close to me, I've had one eye and the skin does that a bit, sucks in.
 You run with scissors a lot, don't you, Anna?
 And, of course, she's served for a while on the Black Pearl pirate ship and you can't
 run with scissors on a pirate ship.
 That's why they all got eye patches.
 They're not my friends anymore.
 But I think the puffer fish does break records.
 I read that the 70% thing is among the greatest eye-sinking depths ever recorded in an animal.
 And you know, when you read that, you just think, how many of those have they actually
 measured?
 When they say that, I think they've just gone, I bet this is like, who else is doing it?
 He's going to fact-check this.
 Yeah.
 Let's just say among the greatest, just in case.
 A lot of people say that the Napoleon hemorrhoids couldn't sit on his horse, then came around
 from the pro-Napoleon propaganda campaign, which said he couldn't possibly have lost
 the war.
 He must have had a serious complaint.
 And it's like, you'd think of something a bit less embarrassing than you.
 Oh, he was attacked by a spurned lover, and they stabbed his thigh.
 Exactly.
 You wouldn't say he's got piles.
 I'm actually very plausible for Napoleon.
 There were certainly a lot of lovers in his backstory.
 Is that true?
 Yeah, he had a lot of mischievousness.
 So all of the lovers in his backstory is actually how he got the hemorrhoids.
 What are you for a son of a...
 Another thing that came from the Hundred Years' War, I find this really interesting, there's
 a historian called Remy Ambul who's been looking into his loads, is the Prisoners of War.
 This is the first war where the phrase "prisoner of war" was ever used.
 It was in French that it was used, and ransoming was mega, and there was a mega financial incentive
 to capture soldiers from the other side.
 And obviously, everyone benefits in a way because it means that you are likely to sign
 up and join the army if you think that when you're captured, you're not going to be killed,
 you know?
 There is some risk of being killed in a battle, but if you're captured, fine, you'll just
 be ransomed and you survive.
 And there were big cash prizes available if you could capture someone senior from the
 other side.
 Genuinely, so one archer, an English archer, captured a valuable French prisoner, and he
 earned £100 personally from that ransom.
 Now the rate of earnings at the time was six pence a day, and the old system, it would
 take you 40 days to earn a quid.
 So that's about ten years of earnings just by capturing one person.
 On baiters, Dan.
 Yeah.
 Great.
 Have you heard of Robin Ficker?
 No.
 Is he related to Robin Ficker?
 Who is it?
 Who calls it?
 Just for Bell's understanding of it.
 Who calls it?
 Robin Ficker.
 What's it?
 Anna or you?
 Just me?
 Oh, it's just it.
 You know the singer, Robin Ficker.
 Yes.
 Robin Ficker is...
 He's no relation to Robin Ficker.
 Sorry, it's something else.
 Because it's only his first name that's the same.
 But it sounded so...
 It sounded...
 What is it called?
 Ficker.
 Ficker.
 I mean, we can also wear a red robe.
 He was a fan of the Washington Bullets basketball team in the 90s.
 And he was a famous Hecler or a barrack, you might say, in Australia, I guess.
 He would sit behind the opposition's coaching bench with a megaphone to distract them in
 every game.
 When they played the Chicago Bulls, he read aloud raunchy passages from the coach's sex-filled
 autobiography.
 That's incredible.
 Wow.
 That's good.
 Really good.
 Isn't that good?
 Don't put it in an autobiography if you don't want it to be read out with a megaphone.
 Sounds like this guy really blurred the lines of what was acceptable.
 Oh, my God.
 Yeah.
 I'm with you.
 Okay.
 And so, yeah.
 They're red linneas.
 Yeah, they flew him out to an NBA finals game so that he could distract the opponents.
 But he was ejected from the game within the first quarter.
 That's very interesting.
 Because that happens, I watch a lot of basketball and more and more these days, you notice that
 this is NBA.
 If there's someone close to the court and the player can identify, he was saying, "Screw
 you."
 They just go, "Get them out of here."
 And they're out.
 They're ejected.
 The player has the power to eject.
 Yes, it's astonishing.
 I would think the megaphone seems, I feel like a better thing to bring would be a whistle.
 So then you would be able to blow the whistle subtly, and then it would go off, and then
 the person with the ball would go, "Oh, there's been a call.
 I'll just stop playing."
 Yeah.
 And then, you know, you get the advantage.
 Yeah, that's good.
 It will fit nicely into my wily coat again, so we're going to have.
 I didn't know that there are other things that swell up as well.
 I thought it was just puffer fish, and actually the bearded goby, the pygmy leather jacket,
 amazing, the sargassum fish, and the swell shark.
 Did you read that?
 It sounds like a good guy.
 It's a great guy.
 We're going to have a party tonight, going to invite all the sharks, but definitely the
 swell shark.
 The swell shark is so cool.
 I think the swell shark, they're cat sharks, right, and they're about a meter long, and
 when they're threatened, they go into a crevice, a nearby crevice, and they do their swelling
 up thing.
 Yeah.
 So they double in size, so they cannot be dragged out.
 That's clever.
 It's brilliant.
 And then, if they're in open water, there's no crevice nearby, but they're threatened,
 they will grab their tail in their mouth and then swell up, so they become a donor.
 No!
 They become a donor.
 What?
 Impossible to grab hold of.
 You can still grab hold, can't you?
 I think it's much harder to grab, like grabbing a rubber ring or something.
 They have this massive mouth relative to their body, right?
 Yeah.
 The reason that they can swell up so fast is because they open their mouth and all this
 water comes in.
 Yeah.
 And the other clever thing is that's how they eat, right?
 They don't hunt for prey.
 They just wait for something to swim in front of its mouth, open their mouth, and everything
 in the nearby area just gets hoovered into their mouth.
 That's extraordinary.
 And they've got a meal.
 Wow.
 So cool.
 The donut thing's amazing.
 I've never heard of that.
 I know.
 Swell shark.
 Swell shark.
 Like a dog chasing its tail.
 It might be an evolutionary hangover from when dogs were in the oceans.
 Yes.
 Dog shark.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There you go.
 It's a lot quicker than any other is a type of moss.
 Is it?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yes.
 This is a moss called Takakia, and it was already a hundred million years through its life,
 as in it had been around the species for all that time when the Himalayas rose underneath
 it.
 Wow.
 And it thought, "What's going on?"
 So the Himalayas is a relatively new mountain system when two tectonic plates hit each other.
 These mountains rose.
 This moss was around for it, and it has found that because it's now in such a weird new place
 on top of the world's biggest mountains, it's had to do quite a lot of evolving because
 it lives half of its life in like the ice and the other half in very high up sort of
 lots of ultraviolet rays, very close, low oxygen, a very difficult environment to live
 in.
 And so it's just had to evolve like hell.
 It's like what an amazing forced evolution moment where you're just like, "Fuck, we're
 still going up?
 Are you kidding me?
 We just sorted it out at this level."
 Have you heard about Neo-Tantra?
 No.
 It's when Tantra was introduced to the West for the first time, and it wasn't really
 done properly.
 It was by a guy called Pierre Bernard, who was an occultist and businessman, which is
 always a bit of a red flag.
 He also referred to himself as "Oom the Omnipotent".
 He's got fraud written all over it like a stick of rock, but he marketed Sanskrit and
 Tantra and yoga to America in the early 20th century, and he made millions of dollars doing
 it.
 It was very, very successful.
 It wasn't really clear who he was, but he founded this thing called the Tantric Order
 of America, and he claimed he'd travelled to India and learned Sanskrit.
 It wasn't clear that he had done that.
 Yeah, there was a bit of that happening around that time, wasn't there?
 A lot of it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And he had a hypnosis clinic.
 He and his wife developed a Tantric health system, and he was in fact a guy called Perry
 Baker from Leon, Iowa.
 He loved reading about spiritualism and the occult, and he had a Syrian Indian teacher,
 and he did start following him, but he basically introduced yoga.
 That was his thing.
 The first ever yoga class with Matz and Tites was in 1910, and he hosted it.
 He and his wife.
 What?
 1910?
 Yeah, he also had a crystal ball, so that has been dropped out of the modern
 yogic practice.
 Interesting.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But anyway, I just want to distract us all briefly, because he had this colleague called
 Bernard McFadden.
 Bernard was originally called Bernard, who changed his name to sound more like a lion.
 Bernard.
 Hold on.
 Two Rs.
 Sounds like a noise the lion makes.
 Yeah.
 Bernard.
 Yeah.
 Sounds like a pirate.
 It does.
 Yeah.
 It's got a weedy one.
 The pirate accountant.
 Bernard.
 Bernard.
 Crypto numbers.
 That taxier would be upon us.
 How many pieces of aid do we need to pay?
 Okay, I'm just reading this from a paper I read.
 Bernard McFadden has been blamed for America's fixation with both large
 rebreasts and large penises as symbols of power and vitality.
 Which did he have?
 I don't know of you.
 Well, he did invent the penoscope, which was the world's first penis extender.
 Oh.
 Okay, well, that does explain why.
 That's not why I thought a penoscope was going to be.
 I thought it was something you would need to use to see.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 This, I think, was more of an extendable.
 An extendable penis.
 No, it's like a celloscope.
 Right.
 It's like a pump.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's like a penis extending stretch.
 It's like a versatile penis pump, really.
 That was Bernard McFadden.
 Wow.
 Good on him.
 I know.
 What a great contribution.
 Sorry, and he was mate with the tantra guy who introduced yoga.
 With the omnipotent.
 Yeah.
 There you sound like a great pair.
 I know it's a bit of a stretch to get out of where.
 It's like in a really Terry Pratchett book this late.
 It's crazy.
 And he toured around with Mary Williamson, who was Great Britain's perfect woman, 1913.
 Ah.
 Okay.
 And every night, their show Climax, when she jumped onto his stomach from a seven-foot
 platform.
 Yeah.
 They were the most physically perfect.
 They toured as the world's healthiest man and woman.
 That was their act.
 Yeah.
 We are both really, really, really fit.
 Yeah.
 You know.
 I miss those.
 I've never seen an act do that.
 And I know there's a huge period of that.
 I would have loved to.
 Yeah.
 You know, like Eugene Sandoe picking up a piano and walking off the stage and stuff like that.
 Yeah.
 I've never seen anything like that.
 I think that's like what Britain's got talent should have been really, like just weirdo things
 that people can do.
 Yeah.
 They ended up just being dogs and singers.
 Yeah.
 It's like someone turns up with the peniscope.
 That's what I want to say.
 I want to see a peniscope and then a guy multiplying two, six, because they're together.
 We've all heard of Tuvalu.
 Yes.
 The island in the Pacific.
 That's right.
 So they, I think we might have even said before, Tuvalu earns about a 12th of its national
 income from licensing out the dot TV, which is its domain name.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 They were issued it, I think 25 or 30 years ago, and I read this piece about it.
 They actually got faxed to let them know you've got dot TV.
 Great news.
 And everyone there was saying, what is this?
 What is the internet?
 Basically, it was not popular at the time.
 But this is the cool thing.
 A lot of that money comes from licensing its name to places like Twitch, the streaming
 site.
 And yet on Tuvalu, there are no streams.
 And there's no water?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's a tiny atoll of only a few thousand people in the Pacific, and there are no streams.
 Isn't that, that's sort of richly ironic, isn't it?
 So when it rains, where does the water go?
 Just runs off, I mentioned.
 In what?
 Stream?
 In a random direction.
 I don't know what happens when it rains on this.
 Is it like when it rains?
 You know when you put water on a hob and it just sort of like goes into little balls and
 she's right.
 I bet it does that.
 I bet it does that.
 I'll say anything to stop these questions.
 That's so funny.
 And if you're in Tuvalu and you know what happens when it rains, drop us a line.
 I think, is it Anguilla that has .ai, and that's about to make a lot of money for that.
 Oh, brilliant.
 Yeah.
 Why is it Anguilla?
 It's an island in the Caribbean.
 Nice.
 I think.
 We don't even have .nz.
 We've got .co.nz.
 Yeah.
 So even if something amazing happened with those two digits, I feel like it would lose
 its value.
 Who's got .nz?
 I don't know.
 It just is.
 It's the same with Australia.com.au.
 .co.nz.
 It's just not as simple.
 .co.nz.
 OK.
 Oh yeah, we don't have it either.
 Oh yeah.
 Nuts.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 It's a sad note to end on.
 [laughter]
 [music]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
