 - Hey everyone, just before we start the show,
 we've got a couple of exciting things to announce
 for July to fill up your July calendar.
 One is that we're doing a whole bunch of live shows.
 Yeah, time to get back on the stage.
 And they're gonna be at the Royal Institution,
 which is such an exciting venue.
 - Yeah, we've played there once before,
 but we were missing an essential ingredient.
 And this time we're getting that ingredient four times over.
 It's Anna Toshinsky.
 It's gonna be the four of us on stage for the first time
 in a very long time.
 And if you wanna come, tickets are available.
 They are going quick.
 I think a few of them are nearly sold out.
 So if you had to know such thing as a fish.com/live,
 you can get tickets there.
 This is obviously in London, the Royal Institution.
 But if you live overseas, good news.
 We're live streaming the first show on the 21st of July.
 So you can sit in the comforts of your home
 and tune in to a room that is one of the headquarters
 of science knowledge.
 It's an amazing place.
 - It really is.
 So do that now, book for all four shows.
 Why not?
 They'll be different.
 And also earlier on in July to fill up your time,
 we are doing a quiz, a live quiz
 that you can participate in on the 8th of July at 7pm.
 - That's right.
 And we've done these quizzes before,
 but they were missing an essential ingredient.
 At this time, we have it.
 It's Anna Toshinsky.
 She's gonna be joining us.
 If you have not joined one of the fish quizzes before,
 it is an absolute couple of hours of chaos
 that you will love if you love our show.
 And in order to get to be a part of it,
 all you need to do is join Club Fish at the highest tier.
 So if you go to patreon.com/clubfish,
 you will find friend of the podcast as a tier option.
 Join that and you can join us 8th of July at 7pm.
 And it goes on for an hour and a half or so
 and it is absolute chaos.
 - Okay, that's all from us.
 Me, the essential ingredient and Dan, just Dan.
 - Okay, enjoy this week's episode on with the podcast.
 - On with the show.
 (funky music)
 (funky music)
 - Do you know what that, who the fuck is this?
 (funky music)
 Do you know what that, who the fuck is this?
 (funky music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 Anna Toshinsky, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that if you want to make your work
 of art more profound, give it a pretentious name.
 This is scientifically the case.
 - You mean just art as in painted or does the podcast count?
 - Oh, is it art form?
 - It's an art form.
 - Is it?
 - It is.
 (laughing)
 - In this particular case, it's art paintings,
 as opposed to art podcasts.
 This was a scientific paper that was released in November 2019
 and it was called Bullshit Makes the Art Grow Profounder.
 And what they did was--
 - Lost.
 - Lost.
 (laughing)
 - We know four jokes.
 (laughing)
 - Coming from me, that is a lot.
 They did a study where they show different bits of art
 and they gave them different names.
 So one piece had a very mundane name,
 but then the next person might see the same piece
 and it had an interesting name that might make them go,
 ooh, something like the Death Echo, right?
 - I think this completely makes sense.
 So they found it more meaningful, right?
 - This is, I guess they were just testing this idea
 that if you give something a pretentious name,
 it doesn't add to it. - Another question.
 - Sorry to interrupt.
 Does it work with human names?
 Like if you give yourself a pretentious middle name,
 like, oh, you don't, oh, Andrew Hunter Murray.
 - For instance. - Yes, right.
 - No, hang on.
 - You are more profound, what do we think?
 Right in.
 (laughing)
 What's the pretentious?
 It's a perfectly good name.
 - Wow, what's the definition of that, didn't I?
 - Hmm, very defensive.
 - How do you determine pretentious?
 Who's deciding whether Death Echo is pretentious?
 - Good call, what is pretentious?
 I think that's a really good question.
 I found myself asking it at the whole time
 as I was reading this.
 - Did the study answer it?
 - Oh, well, I think pretentious means
 it's completely unrelated to the content of the work, right?
 So if it's a painting of a lemon,
 and I call it Sicilian Dreams,
 you know, Sicily grows a lot of lemons, right?
 That's a normal-ish title, I see.
 Whereas if I call it a grandfather,
 then it's her, I see that pretentious name.
 - It is the way he said it.
 All right, the well, the well of sorrows,
 then that is, it's much less related
 to the content of the picture.
 - But if you call it shit sandwich,
 that's not pretentious even though it's not related.
 - I think it can be, I think it can be pretentious.
 - Yeah, okay, very much.
 - It's a bit, this is all mentioned in my new podcast.
 What is pretentious?
 (buzzer)
 - Is it the cat that drinks Evian,
 or is it the owner who feeds the cat Evian?
 (laughing)
 - Wow, yeah, I'm gonna get defensive now.
 (laughing)
 - It does know James.
 - Yeah, I think this is completely reasonable though,
 because what is apart from, you know,
 an artist creates a work of art of whatever kind,
 and then the viewer engages with it in whatever way.
 And if you're thinking about it,
 and if it's more conceptual,
 it's harder to get your head around.
 - And there is always the question of,
 does this painting mean something,
 or does it mean nothing?
 And I didn't know about disembration,
 the art movement, disembration.
 - I don't know that game.
 - Which is the epitome of this.
 It's so cool.
 So this is an art movement that was started in 1924
 by an artist called Pavel Gerdanovich,
 and he created this painting called Exaltation,
 which is of a woman holding a sort of floppy banana tree,
 starfish-y type thing,
 and a tilting hut in the background.
 And it became very popular, it was reviewed,
 and it looks a bit like kind of naive art, right?
 - Yeah, what it looks exactly like is,
 do you remember that mural that was defaced
 by women trying to fix it a few years ago?
 - The picture of Christ, okay, almost.
 - Yeah, I thought it looked a lot like that, do you not think?
 - Yeah.
 - So I thought a lot like Gogan.
 - Well, I would say a lot of his others like Gogan,
 but anyway, this guy was not an artist,
 he was a guy called Paul Jordan Smith,
 who was pissed off at people like Picasso,
 who he thought were impenetrable,
 and his wife happened to have done some still life,
 which were very realistic,
 that hadn't been very well received.
 And so he said something like,
 I've made up my mind that critics will praise
 anything unintelligible.
 So he painted this exaltation,
 and it is, I suppose, bad,
 but there were art journals, like posh art journals,
 who, one of the best quote I thought was
 from the French journal, of course,
 the review of the true and the beautiful
 that said, Pavel Jardinavitch is not satisfied
 to follow ordinary paths.
 His spirit delights in intoxication,
 and he has prayed to the aesthetic agonies,
 which are not experienced without suffering.
 And then in 1927, he went, I was taking the piss, guys.
 I thought some of his were actually okay.
 Even knowing he was meaning to be silly.
 - Actually, did you like it more
 because you knew the story maybe?
 Because that is a thing.
 So there was a study where people were shown
 painted by Van Gogh,
 and they said, what do you think of it?
 And half of them were told, it's just by Van Gogh,
 and the other half were told,
 oh, this is by Van Gogh, who cuts his air off.
 And the people who were told
 that he cuts his air off liked it more,
 because their artist is slightly wacky,
 and I think that's, yeah, again, it absolutely makes sense.
 Like, for example, when I make jokes,
 if I have a story behind them
 as to why the joke is there.
 - When have you ever had a compelling story
 behind Eddie of your jokes?
 - Well, that's what I need, clearly.
 People would laugh a lot more if I said,
 and I'm cutting my air off right now.
 - Wait, so do you think we would actually think
 one of your cop dramas is good
 if you came in with a missing ear lobe?
 - Oh, there's no question.
 - Right.
 - A guy in an alley cut off my ear,
 but it gave me this amazing idea.
 - Def Echo Cop.
 - Yes.
 (laughing)
 - Yes.
 You only said yes once there, but it bouts not well.
 (laughing)
 - But this is a thing, isn't it?
 Tortured artist is a thing that we get drawn to,
 the story behind the artist,
 and they have done a few studies
 where they've shown portraits and general artwork
 from the artists from different periods of their life,
 and weirdly, when they voted on them,
 they voted for the ones that were not done
 in a point of mental anguish from the artist's point.
 - Oh, really?
 - And they voted that the better one.
 So it's interesting that it sort of doesn't correlate
 with their tortured art as this.
 - Oh, wow.
 - You're saying when someone is calm and happy and productive,
 that's actually when they're doing the best work.
 According to this, that's really interesting.
 - One encouraging thing I think about this whole torture
 artist thing is AI can probably already do art
 better than any human on Earth, right?
 But people really care about the stories
 behind the people doing the work.
 And so even if my painting of a unicorn with three legs
 is not quite as good as one that chat GPT can do,
 if people know that I did it because my daughter loves
 a unicorns and I love my daughter,
 then they're going to think that it's a better work of art
 than the thing that the company does.
 - Yeah, the question, as in--
 - Well, I'm going to think it's incredibly now.
 - Right.
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, that's why your art journal folded,
 and it's like, this is all shit.
 But this is the really interesting thing
 about how technically good quite a quite a work of art is,
 'cause it's not about whether it's an accurate
 or a realistic drawing of a unicorn.
 And this all relates to the early 20th century
 when photography was coming in in a big way, right?
 A century before that, if you could paint
 an incredibly good picture of a lemon,
 you were set for life, right?
 - There would be like, this guy paints bloody good lemons.
 - I mean, it looks like a lemon, you know?
 - Have you seen Sicilian Dream?
 - It's extremely-- - It's true, right.
 And then when photography comes along,
 there's this question of, oh, right,
 photography's kind of eating our lunch here.
 So art becomes more conceptual, partly as a response
 to the fact that you can now just get photos of things.
 - Yeah, I had to talk about that, okay.
 - And then that is when you get more titles coming in
 because the art has become more conceptual
 and you're getting more like theoretical work
 underpinning the art.
 - Yeah.
 - So that's when these--
 - It's like what's the kind of me painting
 a perfect picture of your face
 when I could just take a photo on my phone.
 But if I put the nose on the side
 and the eyes on the top of your head,
 and it tells us something about your mental state,
 then it's only that's much more interesting.
 - I think it tells you about your mental state.
 - It is.
 (laughing)
 - Here's a question for you guys.
 Jackson Pollock, we all know him love Jackson Pollock.
 - Okay, sure.
 - Do you think a child could do it?
 So it's just basically, it's dripping lines on a canvas,
 right, the kind of squiggles on a canvas
 lots of different colors.
 Do you think a child could do it?
 - Oh no, I think so.
 - Could they get away with a pollock imitation
 that we would say that's a pollock?
 Is that what you mean?
 - Wait, are they forging a pollock?
 - That's what I'm asking, yeah.
 - Let's say, for instance, Andy forges a pollock.
 - Yeah.
 - That sounds like a euphemism.
 (laughing)
 - And a 10-year-old forges a pollock.
 - Don't come in, Mum.
 (laughing)
 I'm forging a pollock.
 (laughing)
 - What's that dripping?
 (laughing)
 - Oh my god.
 (laughing)
 - Like, a 10-year-old forges a pollock.
 Andy forges a pollock.
 Which one is gonna be the best forgery?
 - I think a child will be more naive about it
 and therefore better.
 - You are absolutely right.
 When computers have analyzed ones that children have done,
 ones that adults have done,
 and ones that pollock have done,
 the pollock ones are more like children's ones
 than like adults have.
 - No, it's right.
 - Because they're more simple,
 people like them a bit more,
 because it's almost like your shape's easier to see
 and like, but when adults try and do it,
 they always try and do it a little bit to complicate it.
 - Rather than, is the skill of the artist in a way,
 is to reclaim that innocent child-like state?
 - The innocent state, exactly.
 Here's an interesting thing,
 relevant to the fact that this is about names of art.
 A lot of artists don't like naming their art pieces.
 That's why you often see something just called untitled.
 And a lot of people, like Ringo's star of the Beatles,
 when he is giving names to his artwork,
 he has to pick a name because when you're saving a file
 on MS Paint, you have to write a name, right?
 So what he just calls them one, two, one, two, three, four,
 doesn't he?
 - No, because of Ringo's artwork, one.
 - Ringo's artwork, this one.
 Ringo's artwork finished, finished, this one.
 (laughing)
 - Real final.
 But yeah, so they have to give it a name.
 They're often asked if it's going on exhibitions,
 touring and so on, what's this called,
 and they have to give it the name,
 so it can be catalogued and not lost.
 And this is a thing that only started happening
 sort of as the 18th century came around.
 Before then, you just didn't give names to any pieces of art
 because they didn't travel around.
 They were staying in people's houses.
 - Yes, you didn't need a name for them.
 They were either massive, or they were on the wall
 of a monastery or whatever,
 as in they were locationally specific.
 - Yeah.
 - And if it was on the monastery,
 you would know it was St. Clair devouring an angel.
 - Right, you're a monk, so you know that stuff.
 - Yeah.
 - Or if it was in your house, you know it's Uncle George,
 like you don't need a title for it.
 - Well, it's a lemon, as you ever know.
 It's a lemon, it's a beautiful lemon, it's a bloody good lemon.
 (laughing)
 And also, nobody can read it, but it's coming by going,
 what's this?
 - Is that melon?
 (laughing)
 - So then also, the names that we do have
 for certain paintings are not names given by the artist,
 the Mona Lisa, that was someone many, many, many years later
 who just needed to give it a name and that stuff.
 - Well, I think that modern paintings do benefit
 from titles, so you know what was in the artist's head,
 'cause that's gotta be the point of all this Pollock Pollocks.
 And yet, it doesn't seem to matter.
 I mean, there's this case of Pacifica,
 which is one of his most famous paintings,
 which I actually think is quite nice to look at,
 painted it in 1943.
 And it was originally called Moby Dick.
 Now, Pacifica is the queen who gave birth to the mind and soul,
 when she shagged a bull, Moby Dick, obviously,
 is Moby Dick, a whale, in a story.
 - Yeah.
 - And so it's very--
 - There's a lot of like Heath Rothham.
 - Obviously not, it looks like a load of things
 that a child could paint, but I find that bizarre
 that Pollock called it Moby Dick, thinking it was that.
 And then he just showed it to Peggy Guggenheim
 and another art critic.
 And they said, like the painting, don't like the title,
 have you thought about calling it Pacifica?
 Because one art critic had read the story that morning
 and Pollock was like, yeah, we could switch to that.
 So what was then and why he's supposed to be saying
 in that painting?
 - But does it matter?
 - Well, he can't call them all squiggle.
 (laughing)
 - Just kind of give them some name.
 - Squiggle it.
 - Some people do.
 Some people say, you just like squiggle number three
 or whatever. - Yeah.
 - So Whistler, oh yeah, famous for.
 - His mother. - His mother.
 - Whistler's mother, he called that painting
 "Arrangement in Grey and Black number one."
 And what that point of that was is he was trying
 to draw attention to how it's composed
 rather than, look at my mum, you know,
 so that's why he calls it that.
 - Well, he shouldn't have such a fit mum with sluggenheim.
 - Yeah, yeah, it didn't work
 'cause everyone just calls it Whistler's mother, obviously.
 And they're more interested in the son painting his mother.
 - Also, if you say, the Grey and Black painting,
 there are just loads of those around.
 Whereas if you say the one of Whistler's mother.
 - Yeah.
 - Even if most people started giving it the right name,
 you know, the black and white and grey one,
 people like, which one, you know, the one of Whistler's mother?
 - Yeah, I know, I guys, eventually.
 - It's a title that sounds like you're trying
 to be woken some kind of way, you're like, you know,
 the black and white one, the black and white one.
 You've seen it.
 - I don't see colour.
 It seems to me quite obvious that he didn't name that
 'cause if he did, it would be called my mother.
 (laughing)
 Have you seen his "Your Mums" series of pages?
 They're wonderful, wonderful.
 (upbeat music)
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that most Disney princesses
 are ambidextrous.
 - I just thought we'd done too much pretentiousness.
 - Yeah.
 - So we're going lowbrow.
 - Is that because they reversed the film for the projector.
 So obviously it's backwards.
 - Oh, I see what you're saying.
 - So they're all left handed,
 but then they thought they had to compensate.
 So they remade the right handers,
 and they ended up with both.
 - Yeah, see my colleague Anna.
 - Yeah, for the clarification.
 - It's because it's not enough to have a 16-inch waist,
 and huge boobs, and long blonde hair,
 and just be perfect.
 You have to be good with both hands as well.
 - But enough about you.
 (all laughing)
 - So this is a study from Montclair University,
 and they looked at how Disney princesses
 have evolved over the years.
 And really they wanted to see whether attitudes
 towards handiness has changed,
 and they did it by looking at the princesses.
 And they found that before 1992 most princesses
 were right handed, and most villains were left handed,
 or more villains were left handed than princesses.
 But in general, things have kind of changed.
 Over the last 20, 30 years,
 and now the characters are much less strongly handed
 than they ever have been before.
 And they have quite a few left handed princesses,
 and quite a lot of right handed villains now.
 And they don't really know why it is.
 They put it down to perhaps that there was a group of animators
 called the nine old men, who had these kind of ideas
 that villains should be left handed,
 and that good people should be right handed.
 Someone else said that it could be the handedness of the animators.
 You may be, they've just employed a lot of left handed animators,
 and that's why they're doing it.
 I personally think probably it's because the animators
 keep forgetting what they're supposed to do.
 Oh, yeah, this is it.
 But you make them right with whatever
 had these closest to the camera.
 So we put the pot on this side, so as you get with that hand.
 But this is what they say.
 They think that it might be due to the left handedness
 being less of a bad thing than it has been in the past.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Because people were left handed people in the '50s and '60s and schools
 were forcibly made to right with the right hand.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Well, a good example of that is Ringo Starr.
 And we've mentioned this many, many years ago,
 but he was left handed, and he got made to become a right handed person
 in his childhood.
 But then he slowly, after he left school and left home,
 went back to being left handed.
 So he drums as a left handed drummer,
 but he writes with his right hand.
 He'll sign with his right hand.
 What about his artworks?
 What does he produce those?
 I think he draws them with his right hand.
 But he saves the file with his left hand.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, it must just be that it's less of a social stigma.
 There's much less.
 Well, you say it must be.
 I think it's just because it's random, right?
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 In the old days, there was more social stigma.
 Even though this is my fact, I will kind of agree
 with that art.
 Also, it's a very small sample size.
 Yeah, true.
 Yeah, how would you just do it just in sort of that?
 It's been like a dozen.
 Because they are.
 They're always like an indication of the society
 that they're produced in, right?
 The Disney princesses.
 Because the very early ones are home makers, you know,
 Snow White Cinderella or Aurora,
 who I didn't know was in Sleeping Beauty.
 And then the modern ones are all CEOs and stuff.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hi there.
 Hi.
 Moana, girl bosses.
 You know, there's a cereal running under the seat.
 Is it maybe like some wave power that she's getting?
 What's Moolan doing?
 She's running under the seat, tidal solutions,
 incorporated, and you know?
 Right, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 What agency is what I'm saying?
 Yeah, they've changed enormously.
 Although I can't believe Ariel's the most modern Disney
 princess you can think, come change, come on.
 It was more of which one is least likely to be a CEO.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 CEO.
 There you go.
 Yes, yes, yes.
 No, you're absolutely right.
 Disney princesses now are just-- they're sort of like
 painfully strong, confident woman.
 I want one who's just like as lazy and crap as me.
 Where's the lazy crap from?
 I ask you.
 One thing that hasn't changed that much
 is hand size.
 She reading this ages ago and now I can't not see it.
 If you compare hand size of women to hand size of men
 in Disney films, it is insane.
 They are on average three to four times bigger.
 And I was looking at the difference in hand size between women
 and men on average.
 And men's hands are 12% bigger.
 8% to 12%.
 Four times bigger.
 Yes.
 It's mad, isn't it?
 Are you just watching Beauty and the Beast?
 Let me show you.
 I'm telling you, what was it that was looked at?
 How to train your dragon too?
 We'd lead Nomeo and Juliet frozen.
 What time is bigger?
 Open me up and choose.
 Frozen is the only one of those that hasn't Disney princesses.
 Yes.
 This is where just women are men.
 I was at a table read through for Sherlock Nome's two--
 Oh, sorry.
 Nomeo and Juliet two Sherlock Nomes.
 Who did you get a load of improvised comedians
 in to read the script?
 Who did you read as?
 I'm very proud to say I played Sherlock Nomes.
 I don't know.
 They went with someone called James McAvoy
 for the real thing.
 But I was going on there.
 I thought I was auditioning.
 I was not.
 Your hands are too small.
 Maybe if I read this really well,
 they won't give the role to James McAvoy.
 Disney princesses, I did not know that this is a canonical thing.
 They're only 13 of them.
 And they have to be very specific kinds of person.
 So they have to be human.
 They can't start off in a sequel.
 I mean, they wanted that the man made.
 Yeah, you're right.
 That's controversial.
 I guess she's half human.
 She's only half human.
 But she's a princess for sure.
 She is a princess.
 How does it end as she stay in human form?
 No, she gets her legs at the end, doesn't she?
 Yeah, exactly.
 But they're all--
 So she does stay in human form.
 She doesn't go back to fish.
 So right at the end, she qualifies.
 She's a daughter of like fish man in the sea, isn't she?
 Yeah.
 But they can be born royal, or they can marry royal,
 or they can be Moulin, who apparently just gets around it.
 Anyway, I found this wonderful argument
 on the website Polygon that there
 is a Disney-owned franchise, which does have a queen,
 who should be included in the Disney princess canon,
 which is the queen from Alien.
 She goes, you know--
 We take her our hands.
 Well, tied.
 But you know, she's bipedal.
 So that's a-- she's human, like, in some respects.
 You know, she's a wonderful mother.
 She's explored multiple planets, defense her children.
 She's a strong woman, inspirational figure
 from a magical far off land.
 I just love the art.
 She have blonde hair and big boobs.
 She's not clear.
 [LAUGHTER]
 She's got big eggs, I'll say that right.
 Look at her, your eggs aren't her.
 Yeah, we had two of the princesses
 that were part of the canonical 13, got demoted.
 So I don't know what the number was when they were there.
 With the features of EGD.
 No, that's fine, sorry.
 Yeah, was Tinkerbell?
 Was one?
 Tinkerbell from Peter Pan.
 Not a human.
 Not a human, a fairy.
 So she got put in her own new category.
 And she was a sidekick.
 She didn't have her own sidekick.
 There's quite a few interesting things that qualify for it.
 And in the hunchback of Notre Dame, Esmeralda,
 got taken away because she's not princess.
 But neither is Mulan, the whole thing's right.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Falls apart in terms of emanations.
 Basically, whoever they're going to put in the big show
 in Disneyland, isn't it?
 Yeah, basically that's it.
 If the film does really, really, really well,
 you're likely to be made a princess.
 As in some film just bombed and they've--
 Mulan.
 So Mulan is a Chinese girl who is not a princess or anything.
 This is in the original Chinese story.
 So she's like a peasant girl.
 And then she joins the army.
 It pretends to be a boy.
 And then they find out that she's not a boy.
 And then she saves the country or something.
 Yeah, I can confirm that's also in the Disney film.
 That's in the Disney film.
 What isn't in the Disney film is in the original stories,
 she served under the emperor Yang of Sui
 who wanted to take her as a concubine.
 But she took her own life before he could.
 That's in the seat of you not in the lantern.
 I haven't seen enough.
 I haven't seen enough.
 She's a very short film in the lantern, yeah, yeah.
 Wow, gosh.
 Oh, she could be a concubine in Mulan Rouge.
 Brilliant.
 Brilliant.
 I haven't seen the Hunter back of Notre Dame one.
 But I do know that the character Esmeralda in the book
 certainly does seductive dances for nearby men.
 And I don't know if that made it into the film.
 Well, you know who did it?
 Yes, oh my gosh, there's most dark song in the film
 about how much the villain fancies
 and wants to shag Esmeralda, even though he also hates her.
 It's very inappropriate.
 Well, you know who voiced Esmeralda.
 I believe I'm right in saying this, Demi Moore,
 who was in striptease.
 Hey.
 Well, as well as Betty.
 Oh, there's some freshs here on her.
 That was-- you presented that was such a flourish.
 And it's really good knowledge.
 But it's-- I don't think it means what you think it means.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's just like--
 Like we said, Demi Moore, it was like everyone
 was automatically supposed to go, oh,
 he was famously in striptease.
 I can't believe I had to say the extra bit of that sentence,
 in fact.
 And go, oh, it's come full circle, OK.
 There's a topless woman in the rescuers.
 OK, pardon.
 What's the rescuers?
 Sorry, what's the rescuers?
 There's two mice.
 There's two little chippendale, I think.
 It's so much like Jim and Dale.
 But they're Bernard and Bianca.
 Mice, you ride atop a large bird.
 This is the topless woman you're talking about.
 That's not the topless woman.
 Chippendale is such better names for kids,
 animation characters, than Bernard and Bianca.
 Hey.
 It was the seven of these.
 Wait a minute.
 What are the days of the strippers?
 Chippendale's.
 Oh, this is coming full circle.
 I rest my case.
 Here we go.
 And you know who played Chippendale to me more.
 And he did the run through.
 There's a topless woman.
 She's not meant to be there.
 But this is amazing.
 I never heard this, because you know there are all those,
 like in the Lion King, he plumps in the sand
 and it spells out sex and there's always a rumours like that.
 This is for real.
 In 1977, the first rescuers was released.
 It wasn't until 1999 that it was noticed
 that in a few of the shots, Bernard and Bianca
 were on the back of the Big Bird, the Albatross.
 And in the background, in the window,
 there's actually a real, it's not a cartoon.
 It's a real image of a topless woman.
 I couldn't make our head.
 It's just her boobs and sort of slim torso.
 And it stayed in between 1977 and 1999
 when someone pointed out and Disney suddenly had to say,
 "We don't know who put that in there.
 "No animators are putting their hands up and saying it with me."
 And they removed it.
 No, we recalled all the videos.
 And imagine if you're the woman and you know
 your boobs were in the rescuers.
 You're not going to watch it.
 Like in the cinema and go, "Wait a minute, rewind, rewind, rewind, rewind, rewind."
 Darling, how dare you.
 I'm really like the way.
 All these studies are done on Disney princesses
 and the social attitudes that they reveal
 or how they change and all of this
 'cause they get a lot of stuff pinned on them.
 And I'm sure, I know it does have an influence
 on the children watching, right?
 I do know that.
 But I think sometimes academics might go a bit far.
 So there was a study by a Durham University expert
 about the cultural perceptions of work
 who says that these princesses and these films
 may have contributed to reluctance
 among the younger workforce
 to join traditional workplaces.
 But you're always hearing, right?
 The kids these days, they don't want to come into the office
 all of this.
 Maybe that's because Cinderella
 has to slave away for her step sisters
 and that's why Millennials want flexibility
 in the workplace.
 Millennials are watching Cinderella,
 that's who are these Durham University academics?
 Exactly.
 Maybe they all want to grow their hair really, really, really long
 and surely you do want to do the work
 because if you work hard enough,
 eventually you'll get swept away by a prince
 or something.
 Is that what happens?
 Yeah.
 And that's exactly the same expert said.
 If you think about that situation in a modern workplace,
 that's the dangerous for you to have.
 You just carry on being exploited
 because you think everything is going to turn out to be okay.
 I just don't think that's a reasonable,
 like there's plenty of stuff to pin on those films,
 but I don't think people wanting to work
 from home two days a week is because Cinderella.
 I also think it's a stretch to call people
 who do these studies academics to be fair.
 So, wow.
 I'm very happy for them to confront me about that.
 Interesting.
 It comes out as big crunching fits again.
 (laughing)
 I've just got ambidextrous stuff.
 So, there was the ambidextral culture society
 in the early 1900s, which I hadn't heard of,
 but it is the cause of Boy Scouts Handshakes.
 I also didn't know this.
 I don't know that.
 Boy Scout Handshakes always left-handed, apparently.
 And it's because there was this guy
 called John Jackson.
 He was a head teacher at a Belfast school,
 and he decided that we all should become ambidextrous
 'cause we're wasting half of our brain
 by being either right-handed or left-handed.
 He wrote that each hand eventually
 should be absolutely independent of the other.
 One hand should be writing a letter
 while the other can play the piano
 with no diminution of concentration.
 He said, "Well, you played on the piano with one hand."
 (laughing)
 Chopstick.
 (laughing)
 You're right, piano was a terrible example.
 Maybe this guy was an idiot.
 I mean, his theory's pretty wacky.
 But he said he imagined a brave new world
 of two-handed, two-brained citizens.
 And it was a very pervasive view
 that training yourself to use your other hand
 would make you smarter.
 It really pervaded until the '50s and '60s
 when they disproved it.
 And Baden Powell was one of the adopters
 who was vice-president of the society.
 And to believe that, you know,
 make yourself right with the other hand,
 and your brain will get better.
 Actually, it doesn't at all.
 And there's some evidence that maybe it would make it worse
 because the reason that we have lateralised brains
 is so that we can specialise in certain things.
 Right, yeah.
 Was anyone else here in the Scouts?
 Yeah.
 Were you in the Scouts?
 Yeah.
 Did you ever do this left hand to touch me?
 I've never heard of that.
 I've never heard of that.
 I don't think of Scouts as having a hand-truck.
 I think other Masons is having one.
 Yeah.
 Free Masons.
 I'm sure it does exist, but we didn't do it in Bolta.
 I know, no, I think maybe it might have died out.
 You know, we're all getting more ambidextrous.
 Oh, yeah.
 As we get older, one thing that we do again
 is we get older is more ambidexeracy.
 There was a 2007 study that looked
 at a bunch of different age groups.
 Youngest group, age 25, on three writing tasks,
 much better with their right hand or their left hand
 in everything, depending on, you know,
 if they're right or left handed.
 At 50, they were better with their dominant hand at some things,
 but like an aiming task, they were about equal.
 And then by 70 and 80, people were equally good
 with both hands at most of the tests.
 And it's because you're just quite shit at that point,
 it's just, it is literally just because you're right
 and gets worse and worse and worse
 until it's as bad as your left hand.
 Or vice versa.
 So you're kind of that ambidextrous, you're ambisonistrous.
 I'm afraid that's the case, yeah.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is, Saddam Hussein and Nelson Mandela
 had the same tailor with their always awkward weights
 and the probably in the room.
 So this was a guy called Resept Caesar.
 The really strange thing about him is he was a curd, right?
 In fact, I think he might still be alive.
 But Saddam Hussein visited enormous evil on the Kurdish people.
 But as Resept Caesar said, he was a good customer to me.
 So Saddam went there for, I think, 80 suits.
 He was a very loyal customer.
 And this guy Caesar has served all sorts of people,
 lots and lots of world leaders.
 So Pakistan's president, Afghanistan's, Nelson Mandela
 was only a one-time customer.
 So he bought a jacket and trousers from Resept Caesar's label.
 Yeah, I'm not sure you even went to the shop or anything.
 Well, he was probably on Robin Island at the time.
 So it was in 2000.
 So I think he's well by then.
 Do we know why he didn't do repeat custom?
 Did he not like the clothes?
 The clientele, yeah.
 Yeah, sort of shots of Saddam Hussein being sent to him.
 Nelson Mandela had very specific suits that he was.
 Didn't he add like African patterns on his suit?
 Yeah, yeah.
 So he wouldn't have wanted to.
 So maybe this was for a rare occasion, yeah.
 What do you think Mandela would make your headline, Andy?
 I think he'd forgive me for it.
 This guy, I saw an interview with him who said
 that he watched Saddam's trial with great interest
 because he wanted to see how he looked at his suits.
 Yeah, he could be the only guy watching for that reason.
 But he said that sales in Iraq tripled during the trial
 because people were watching saying, "Mmm, love the fit."
 Why would you need ever 80 suits?
 How sweaty a man was Saddam Hussein?
 Oh, well, I mean, I suppose that's kind of the Zuckerberg thing,
 isn't it?
 You know, you open the wardrobe and it's just all the same clothes.
 So you don't have to think about what you were.
 Just taking off the suit off the thing.
 But that means that he only does a wash once every two months.
 Yeah, that's true.
 That's true.
 So it's very busy day when you see Saddam at the lawn
 dread. I don't know, Anna, why did it take dozens of cars
 when you can only drive one at a time?
 I don't know.
 You see, it's not all about practicality.
 I think it's not exclusively that.
 My of the royal family got such a big house.
 I can just live it up to you now.
 You can only have one living room.
 You've only got one aft to sit on one sofa.
 I've been wearing the same pants for 10 years
 and I'm absolutely fine.
 I love when he was in court.
 I love this little detail in an interview that he gave
 where they said, do you know what you provided for him?
 And he brought out a list from his files
 and he said it shows two complete outfits
 with a total cost of 1,540.
 And we included two pairs of socks as a gift.
 I'll give you a gift as well, are you?
 That little extra detail of the socks is wonderful.
 Gosh.
 Speaking of socks, did you know you can buy socks
 made by the Pope's official tailor?
 Amazing.
 Yeah, I've bought some, but they've not arrived yet.
 How do you?
 Yeah, I've got some coming in the post.
 We might bring it up in a duel sometimes.
 Oh, wow.
 But yeah, the tailor of the Pope is called Gamma Rally.
 And basically in the late 20th century,
 the rules on like vestments for priests kind of changed
 and there were not as many priests anymore.
 And when the Iron Curtain came down,
 the priests in Eastern Europe were not getting
 these clothes anymore.
 So basically, they lost, started losing a load of money.
 And so they decided to diversify
 and started making normal suits for normal people.
 So they were making stuff for priests and popes and stuff.
 But now you can just buy one of their suits
 and you can buy your socks.
 And are there some novel T socks
 with lots of brightly colored polka dots on them?
 They are the ones that the Pope wears.
 And either the same color.
 No.
 Because James, I was reading about this too, Gamma Rally,
 because they do, how do you say, holy socks?
 Well, not holy socks, as if they don't have holy socks.
 But they're an individual person.
 They're knee-length silk apparently.
 But you've reordered knee-length silk socks.
 And if you're a different level in the church,
 you get to wear a different color.
 They do. It's like karate belts.
 You get black, scarlet and violet socks
 and the only the Pope.
 So hang on, are you saying you've managed to get...
 Yeah, they should sell them.
 Have you put your addresses like the Vatican?
 You're having a redirected through a PO box.
 They're supposedly, they only sell the white knee-length ones
 to the Pope.
 But on the website, they sell them.
 I don't know. Maybe I've put something different.
 Might be in a different shade or something.
 Maybe there's going to be a Swiss guard arriving
 with them to arrest you and take you into custody.
 Well, maybe I become Pope as soon as I put them on.
 OK. The easy way in, the new Pope.
 OK. This is a movie.
 This is a movie.
 The Pope sucks, basically.
 There's a mix-up at the sorting office.
 Yeah. The Pope gets my sort of like wacky golf socks.
 And I get his.
 And then when I put them on, I turn into the Pope.
 Beautiful. And he wins the PGA.
 He has to do a podcast.
 And he... I'm going to say it.
 He's out of his depth.
 And the kind of stuff we do.
 Yeah. Right.
 I'm so... He delivers amazing speeches, but...
 He knows fuck all about Disney princesses.
 He's still doing it.
 This is a good film.
 Oh, wow.
 You know your question earlier about why we do need so many suits.
 James Bond, on average, will have 60 suits of the same kind.
 He's not real.
 Yeah, but...
 Good news, per film.
 So this is when they're filming.
 If they're doing a scene where he's in a particular suit,
 60 versions of that suit will be tailor-made to Savile Rose standards.
 And they use Tom Ford for the last Daniel Craig ones.
 30 of those will go to the stunt doubles
 who will be acting in the scene.
 Now this is for an action scene.
 Okay.
 But he basically has an impossible suit.
 Because when he's on a motorbike,
 the coat that he's wearing has longer arms, specifically made.
 So it doesn't come up.
 I think he'll be in spectacadre.
 Exactly. It's so odd.
 But when his trousers are tailor-made to be longer,
 if you see him on a motorbike in that suit,
 so that his ankles don't show.
 It doesn't look like what you see now, kind of like.
 That's amazing.
 So Bond is wearing technically an impossible suit.
 That's amazing.
 Why doesn't everyone do that?
 Why don't all then when they want to cross their legs?
 Immediately put on a different pair of trousers.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Another famous tailor is a guy called Jonathan Mayer,
 who was Bo Brummel's tailor.
 And he and Bo Brummel, the reason I bring it up now,
 is that they invented a new kind of trousers,
 which had a loop underneath.
 And you put the loop underneath your feet.
 And so whenever you moved your legs,
 it wouldn't ride up or down.
 I don't want to reveal my social status here,
 but just like Dodpas.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, actually, I don't like Dodpas,
 but I do a bit of horse riding myself.
 And I would say it's exactly like that.
 James has been on a horse once in your absence,
 and he's not let us forget about it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Did they squeeze you into a pair of droppers,
 but there's elastic bits around the foot?
 No, they didn't.
 Not pro yet.
 Several retailers are having a good time at the moment.
 Are they?
 Can you guess why?
 Because you've just mentioned them on the podcast.
 Yeah, so if you guys do want to send a few over to us,
 we'll read that other inside legs at the end of the show.
 Actually, I like a Disney princess.
 I dress to both sides.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is it to do a pop culture at all?
 Is to do with something that's happening a lot now?
 Uh-huh, OK.
 What's happening a lot now?
 People are wearing suits.
 People having to go back into the office?
 No, people on Zoom wearing suits,
 because they want to seem professional.
 It's got an o and a z in it.
 There's thing that people are having.
 A zempick.
 A zempick.
 A zempick.
 I was on Wizard of Oz, so.
 Yeah, there's a big Judy Garland core trend
 in the city at the moment.
 A lot of business were wearing a gingham suit.
 So many pairs of red shoes there.
 Oh, it's a zempick.
 So basically, people are having a zempick,
 finding their shape is changing quite a bit.
 And they're then getting clothes altered,
 you know, maybe clothes that have fit them perfectly a year ago,
 but now really don't.
 Or clients are saying things to one tailor like,
 I'm going to wear a thick velvet dinner jacket
 for the first time.
 That's what you do when you've lost a couple of things.
 Getting more experimental.
 Circling back to Saddam Hussein and having so many different suits
 while in jail.
 He was on the pen, wasn't he?
 No, but he was losing his weight going up and down.
 And so they did do it to different sizes.
 Yeah.
 Well, one of my favorite conversations with a tailor,
 and I've got a lot in my bank, is about that.
 It's about how size changes.
 And the tailor needs to adjust to that.
 And this is the conversation that Lyndon Johnson
 have with his tailor, which if you haven't heard it,
 it's absolutely fantastic.
 You have to look up on YouTube.
 He's ordering six new pairs of trousers.
 And Lyndon Johnson, like, I think we've probably talked about.
 He's a quite non-pleasant man.
 He's doing a power play a lot of the time,
 and he's really obsessed with his penis.
 And he said that I want a half an inch left in the waist.
 I very tend to 15 pounds a month.
 Is that a good Lyndon Johnson?
 No, he's more--
 Is anyone heard him?
 I think he's doing it.
 Yeah, I don't think the voice is so well-known that--
 Yeah.
 I think just tell us what he said.
 He says, look, I very tend to 15 pounds a month,
 so you need to leave half an inch in in the waist
 so I can let it out if I want, which I thought quite impressive.
 He can let out his own trousers when he wants to.
 And then he said, the crutch down where your nuts hang
 is always a little too--
 You've gone back into it.
 You can't say down where your nuts hang in an English accent
 and the crutch down where your nuts hang is always a little too tight.
 So when you make them, give me an inch so that I can let it out there,
 because they cut me.
 It's like riding a wire fence.
 And when I gain a little weight, they cut me under there.
 Leave me an inch from where the zipper--
 That's a big burp he does--
 from where the zipper ends, round under the back
 and back to my bum hole.
 And it just goes on and on.
 This incredibly intense conversation with his tailor
 talking about how much more space he needs
 for his balls and his bum hole, and then--
 Who is recording this, by the way?
 I don't know why it's recorded.
 I guess it's just a must for a public record.
 Why else, conversations?
 But probably because it's America there
 and said, right, this needs to go in the presidential library.
 Now we need to reserve this artifact for all time.
 And it's just a bizarre touch at the end,
 where the guy says, where would you like it?
 Santa and he says, the white house.
 Look, I have to go.
 I've got to go to a funeral now.
 So let me hand you over to my boy who will take it from here.
 Right, I think it's--
 It's just amazing.
 It's very interesting.
 Yeah, I'm sure tailors--
 any tailor who doesn't know to conceal the bum hole
 isn't doing their job.
 It's good out of me.
 It feels like as soon as you get your cloth,
 that's the first bit of cloth it goes there.
 And they do work out from there, don't you?
 It's amazing.
 I wonder if he searched the Library of Congress
 with the word bum hole.
 How many times has that come up?
 Might that be the unique moment that was there--
 All the custom Garfield, of course.
 It's really great through his bum hole.
 So maybe there's a book in it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Powerful bum holes.
 Yeah.
 Why else bum hole?
 The first bum hole.
 There's something in this.
 I think we should focus on the body swap
 with you and the Pope first.
 I do think that was good.
 Not paying a tailor is a big thing, isn't it?
 Sorry?
 What do you mean?
 Not paying a tailor.
 You know, the old days, like that was the mark of a true
 aristocrat, was that your tailor was constantly saying,
 my children are hungry.
 I need to eat.
 You're saying, yeah, I think I'll pay any year.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Not paying a tailor was a huge thing for the upper glasses.
 OK.
 My friend is a tailor, a suburb of a tailor.
 And weirdly, she was saying this just the other day.
 She says, no one ever pays.
 That's so--
 Yeah, she's like, it's nuts.
 We have to invoice from months and months and months.
 They've got a machine at the till now.
 I just don't understand.
 So basically, I only bring us up because of speaking
 of world leaders' tailors.
 There was a 19th century one called E Torts.
 That was a great name.
 And Churchill never paid.
 Spent six years, I think, owing for some gold lace trousers.
 And then another tailor he had later on, 1937,
 he owed them 197 quid, quite a lot of money
 and today's money, over 10 grand.
 They were so insistent on saying,
 look, can you just pay us for the clothes, please?
 They said, right, I'm not coming anymore.
 I'm dumping you as my tailor.
 Outrageous.
 Did they fight him for the breaches?
 There you go.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that desert grassland
 whitetail lizards get pregnant by pretending
 to mate with each other.
 Oh, this is crazy.
 Yeah, this is pretty amazing.
 Yeah, it's basically by grinding the--
 Oh.
 Sorry.
 I wish I hadn't used that word.
 It was sick.
 These are amazing, though.
 So many species of whitetail lizards are all female.
 Desert grassland whitetail lizards are an all-female species.
 They're across North America.
 And basically, this fact was discovered in 1979.
 There was a biologist called David Cruz,
 who collected a bunch of them because he'd heard,
 these are all female, and this is amazing.
 We'll have a look at how this works.
 And he noticed one lizard in the cage biting its cage mates
 legs and tail, which he knew was a sign that they were mating,
 because that's what they do.
 They bite their legs and tail.
 And then climbed on top of her and started riding her,
 adopting, as I think he described it, the donut pose,
 which is kind of where imagine you're riding someone,
 but also you're bending your head around and biting their tummy.
 And there's a little hole in the middle
 that you could sort of fit your hand through.
 They look like a bracelet or a donut, in fact.
 But these were female lizards, both females.
 Females.
 And the thing is, this actually helps them to get pregnant,
 because by simulating this act of mating at the right time,
 it triggers these hormonal changes in the receivers,
 as in the person underneath's body,
 that mean that the egg can start developing into a new lizard.
 Yeah, it's really interesting.
 And as different times of the month,
 they'll be either like the males that were version,
 or the female version, as in different times of the month,
 if they're higher in progesterone,
 then they'll know that they're to go on top.
 And they do it as a couple.
 Is it the same two lizards, or might they find another lizard
 to act the male role if they--
 I think they go to find another.
 I think maybe they pass it on.
 So once you've got pregnant as a female,
 then you can play the male role and go and pass it forward
 to someone else.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah, pay it forward.
 It's nuts.
 It's what there are no nuts.
 That's the thing, isn't it?
 It's nutless.
 I'm not nuts.
 One thing I found interesting is there's a guy
 who studies this called Professor Alexander Mikaev.
 And he says that it's almost--
 I mean, he slightly anthropomorphizes it,
 but he says it's nature and evolution,
 placing certain checks on eliminating sex completely.
 Even though they're not having sex,
 they're still going through some of the motions.
 And that means that sex is not going away.
 Because actually having sex is a good thing for animals,
 because it usually means that they can--
 Diversity.
 Yeah, you can diversity in your genome and stuff like that.
 But this is the really bizarre thing,
 because they are doing the activity of sex,
 but they're not having sex.
 And as a result, the one who gets pregnant,
 her genome is completely replicated
 in the next generation, right?
 So they're not getting the advantage of sex,
 which is mixing up your genes and more resilience
 and diversity across the species.
 They're just having to do the sex.
 And actually--
 And just like a little clone.
 They're getting to do the sex, Andy.
 OK, let's also say having to do the sex.
 OK.
 All right.
 That wasn't a way we were sending a sex-positive podcast.
 But actually, I think in some of these lizards,
 I don't know if it's this exact same species,
 but they have twice as many chromosomes as other lizards.
 Yes.
 And so actually, it's not an exact clone,
 because let's say you have 100 different genes or whatever.
 You might get half of them from one of your sets of chromosomes,
 and half of them from the other set of chromosomes.
 So actually, there is some shuffling going on.
 And probably what happened is this species
 is a hybrid of two other species.
 But when they made it one time, they somehow
 got both sets of chromosomes inside them.
 Yeah, and in fact, they've got--
 because we have like two sets.
 And they've got a third set, which makes it--
 So they've got three sets.
 So they're doing all this shuffling, like recombination.
 We call it when we do it via sex.
 So yeah, it's not what I thought at all.
 Like pathogenesis doesn't lead to clones.
 So it actually seems that if we could perfect it,
 men become--
 OK, I'm at it.
 I just want to read a quote that I really enjoyed.
 Because I thought this was good.
 It was an anautilus article, I think, the website
 "Nautilus," which is very good.
 So sex is far from the perfect way to reproduce.
 It imposes a huge cost on a species,
 and that cost is called males.
 If half a species is made up of males, obviously,
 who can't make babies, what's the point in that half?
 They're just a massive waste.
 So there was a big push for this in the 1970s,
 especially among radical feminist lesbians, who basically said,
 this is happening in the animal kingdom.
 Let's do it in humans as well, and let's get rid of all the men.
 And when you look into it, basically,
 they're all radical feminist lesbians,
 but they're also quite eugenicistic,
 and also quite interracial superiority.
 There's one amazing paper about these people
 written by Greta Resenbrink.
 But it's almost impossible to find anyone
 who was into this idea who was also eugenicist.
 No, I'm not necessarily saying that.
 I'm definitely married to it.
 But for any version of purposes, you can see the advantage
 of not having any men.
 Everyone can have a baby at one point or another,
 which means you can spread the species.
 And there was, it all came from some work
 by a friend of the podcast, actually, Dr. Helen Spurway.
 And she was the one who was, I think, in a relationship,
 yeah, in a relationship with JBS Haldane.
 And those two did loads of experiments
 about not having oxygen in their bodies.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 So as well as doing that,
 she did a lot of work on guppies
 who reproduced through pathogenesis.
 And she was the one who said,
 I don't see any reason why humans can't do it.
 In fact, there are reasons why humans can't do it.
 But she was one who said it.
 And it was her work that all of these people
 started jumping on the back of saying,
 well, let's do this.
 How did they propose to do it?
 There's quite a big jump in there from let's do this
 to let's start reproducing pathogenetically.
 Yeah, I think the idea, well, for instance,
 when this started, there was one tabloid
 who kind of got on the back of it as well
 and started sending out messages saying,
 have you ever given birth to someone without having sex?
 And loads of people replied,
 "Yes, I did. It was me. It was me."
 That's so funny.
 This is really cool.
 One percent of American mothers, nearly,
 claim their birth to a version of births.
 Come on, why do you say it like that?
 That's completely insane.
 No, I read it.
 OK, but I find it fascinating because there's qualifications
 behind that one percent.
 Absolutely.
 So this comes from 2013 and it was 0.8% of respondents
 who said that they gave birth despite being virgins.
 And the good news is, there are things you can do
 to make it like clear that you can have a virgin birth.
 So 31% of the virgin mothers had signed a chastity pledge.
 That really helps.
 If it's during advent, that's even more helpful.
 I think something like 60%, some mad number found out
 they were pregnant during advent brought up to Christmas.
 You're likely to be younger and also to have parents
 who did not tell you about sex or contraception.
 Those are the things you could do to really game the system
 and show you have a virgin birth.
 Very cool.
 Very nice.
 Hey, by the way, this whole thing that these two lizards
 go through, the act that you were describing,
 if you would like to experience that yourself,
 there's actually a workshop you can do to simulate it.
 But were you kind of getting a donut with someone?
 Yeah, well, I assume the donut must be part of it.
 There was a play that gets put on in various places
 around the world by two performance artists.
 It is called the Desert Grassland Whiptail Lizards.
 It's a dance drama.
 They dress up as the lizards.
 They come out on stage and there's sort of scientific captions
 explaining what's going on.
 They just sort of put their tongues out, so on.
 And then they start mating on stage
 and then you see a post-coitle moment at the end of the play.
 And it was so successful.
 It was so successful.
 It's literally called Desert Grassland Whiptail Lizards.
 They needed to give it a more pretentious day.
 At the moment, I'm not really into it.
 But there is a--
 There is a donut of erotica, would be good.
 Oh, yes.
 Donut of love.
 Donut of love.
 Double glazed.
 Oh, fuck.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because like donuts have glazed.
 They are glazing.
 Yeah, I don't think anyone's getting glazed.
 It's not real.
 But clearly, it's so popular.
 They got asked, how do I get involved?
 And so they do workshops now.
 Will you come and you lay down as the lizard
 and you understand the movements?
 And it's this specific one.
 And I've seen photos.
 It looks fantastic.
 That's got to be 100% perver audience of the workshop, doesn't it?
 I don't-- it doesn't look like that's how it's being presented.
 We have actually touched on these guys before just
 to quickly say, people who listen to the Merry Road
 episode might remember what we talked about the state lizard
 of New Mexico, which is the leaping lesbian lizard.
 And that is a subspecies of the ones
 that we're talking about.
 One other Whipped Tail.
 Another Whipped Tail, yeah.
 And again, it's because-- the reason they're
 called the leaping lesbian lizard
 is because they mate without the need for males.
 Right.
 Did anyone else start to feel a bit--
 sorry, for all Whipped Tail lizards?
 That they are known for just one single thing.
 And when you're actually trying to research anything else
 about them, you can get to page 20,000
 on Google and you're still at-- oh, they have lesbian sex.
 They probably have really interesting hobbies.
 I read that they stress eat in response to noise.
 So there's a load of them who are living near an airbase
 in America.
 And whenever the aircraft go over, they
 have a higher level of cortisol, so they're more stressed.
 And they're also eating way more.
 So that's one thing.
 They also don't like eating very colorful grasshoppers.
 They found that the more brightly colored, the grasshopper
 is the less likely it is that these Whipped
 Hills will eat it.
 May I be honest?
 I can see why this is left to page 20,000 of one on Google.
 It's sex worthwhile.
 This is the debate.
 Is it?
 Yeah, between who?
 Well, in your wife.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yes, it is because you get genetic diversity.
 That's it, right?
 All animals have genetic mutations
 that crop up every now and again.
 In humans, it is possible to deal with negative mutations
 through this recombination thing that Anna you mentioned.
 But with other animals, that pure pathogenesis animals,
 which never have to have sex, they only clone themselves,
 the bad mutations just escalate.
 And their mutations are normally negative,
 so they just slowly affect your fitness over time.
 Until that genetic line, that particular lizard or whatever,
 it's just absolutely screwed.
 It just can't function very well in the world.
 You can't say I'd like to go back to only having two balls, please, or whatever.
 Well, land to have sex.
 Yeah.
 Well, actually, that does sometimes happen.
 So there's some species of stick and sex
 that have arguably the best or the worst of both worlds,
 whichever way you look at it, in that they reproduce pathogenetically.
 But every now and then, they have sex.
 Mm-hmm.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And so, yeah, they've just looked at the genetic line
 of all these guys and seen that it's very similar,
 very similar, very similar, very similar.
 And then suddenly, there's quite a big difference.
 And it looks like they're having sex at that moment.
 And then they'll go back to pathogenesis for a few more generations.
 Wow.
 That's crazy.
 That generation must be so disapproved of when it comes to sex.
 But every generation thinks they have vented sex, right?
 In this case, it's actually true.
 Yeah.
 But it's like, fashion, it comes around in 70 or so cycles or something, doesn't it?
 Sex is back.
 There seem to be other species that have sex sometimes,
 and then pathogenetically procreate sometimes.
 One of them's boa-boa snakes, so boa snakes.
 So in 2024, there was a Brazilian rainbow boa called Ronaldo.
 I don't know why.
 It doesn't have any feet.
 Been kept in a cage in Portsmouth.
 And it hadn't been in contact with another snake for nine years.
 So they claimed.
 And there was a student monitoring his cage.
 And student came reported to their superiors.
 Her superiors, that 14 babies had appeared in Ronaldo's cage.
 Mm-hmm.
 And I felt how bad would this intern have been
 that the animal care technician who this was reported to said,
 we just didn't believe him at first.
 They thought they'd made a mistake.
 Which is quite weird to come and report
 that you've seen 14 new snakes in the cage, and they're supposed to go--
 I don't think you have.
 You've also, can you go and recount?
 It's just one.
 OK.
 That's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we are all online on social media.
 I'm on Instagram under Shriberland.
 Andy.
 I do a hundred of.
 James.
 No such thing is James Harkin.
 Yep.
 Or you can get to us as a group by going where Anna.
 You can email podcast.QI.com or on Instagram at no such thing.
 That's right.
 And if you would like to contribute to the Monday show, which is known as Little Fish,
 do send in your best facts to that email address as well, podcast@QI.com.
 Or the feedback that you've got about the show generally because we gather all that stuff up
 and we bring it to our secret club, Club Fish, which exists on Patreon.
 If you want to join patreon.com/clubfish and you'll find multiple tiers of exciting stuff
 that you can get involved with, one of which is drop us a line.
 This is the audience feedback show.
 We love reading out your mail.
 So do check that out.
 Otherwise, just come back next week because we're going to have another episode.
 Thank you as ever to our team here.
 Lee and Lee, Ethan Rupert Relia, as well as the other Fish Busters.
 And we will see you again next week with another episode.
 Good bye.
 [Music]
