 Hey, everybody, Dan here.
 Welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 Before we begin this week's episode,
 we have a big announcement.
 We have signed to an indie label
 because we are releasing a vinyl.
 We genuinely are releasing a vinyl.
 It's an exclusive episode we've recorded.
 And if you buy it, you'll get a remastered version
 of our first 52 episodes.
 That's the first year of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 We're doing this through Alcopot Records.
 You can go to qi.com/fishvinyl
 and do pre-orders now.
 There's a limited edition completely yellow vinyl.
 The vinyl itself is going to be completely yellow.
 And we're going to be launching it properly for sale
 on the 20th of November.
 If you'd like to come to our launch night,
 that's going to be the live podcast recording
 we're doing at the Lyric Theater in London's West End.
 It's our biggest gig ever.
 It's a thousand seeder.
 Hopefully you can come and pick up a vinyl.
 And also, speaking of the Lyric Theater event,
 as another string to our rock and roll bow,
 we are on tour and we'd love to see any
 and/or all of you at one of our tour date venues.
 So if you go to qi.com/fishvents,
 you can see all the venues that are confirmed so far.
 We're going to be in Manchester.
 We're going to Brighton.
 We are going to Glasgow, Leeds, Bristol, Birmingham.
 So yeah, come along.
 On with the show.
 [funky music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you
 from the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 Joining me is ever the three qi elves.
 Please welcome to the stage is Andy Murray,
 Anacisinsky, and James Harkin.
 [cheers and applause]
 And once again, we've gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that Las Vegas hosts
 an awards ceremony for people who make awards.
 [laughter]
 What do they get?
 They get a gold obelisk.
 Oh, that's good, isn't it?
 It's the awards and personalization association
 and they celebrate things like best trophy.
 That gets an award.
 Best plaque.
 That gets one.
 Best plaque.
 Best plaque.
 And a best sandblasting.
 That's one.
 What is that?
 I didn't look it up.
 [laughter]
 Yeah, the US and Canada industry for awards
 is $3 billion a year.
 That's how much people spend on awards.
 And that I worked it out is enough to give every person
 in the country a three to five inch resin trophy
 in the spot of their choice.
 [laughter]
 That seems a much better way of doing it.
 Just do away with all the games and spots.
 Just give everyone a trophy.
 Yeah.
 You're great.
 That's amazing.
 That's because, well, they aren't hugely money, don't they?
 The Oscars, we might have talked about this before,
 the Oscars, the party bag that you get
 if you're attending the Oscars is extraordinary.
 It's worth something like 120 grand per bag.
 Last year's or the year before's came with every female
 who'd attended a got in their party bag,
 genitals stimulator, I think.
 Also, no, it was surgery that can be performed on you
 in order that you have better orgasms.
 And every woman who attended the Oscars
 got a little voucher for one of these surgeries.
 [laughter]
 So yeah, it's good to, it's better than the party bags
 of youth.
 [laughter]
 Yeah, it's not a balloon and a bit of cake wrapped
 in the tissue, is it?
 Mind you, I think you'd be in trouble at a child birthday party, yeah?
 [laughter]
 I started looking up some other awards ceremonies
 that the UK has based on this fact.
 And you might like to know that there is a British cabab awards
 where categories include best newcomer cabab restaurant
 and outstanding contribution to the cabab industry,
 which this year, I'm sure we all know,
 was one by Edmonton Meat.
 How are the acceptance speeches for that?
 You just have to slowly turn around as you make a speech.
 [laughter]
 Another award ceremony that they have,
 which I think the prize for this is enormous,
 given the nature of it.
 So the smelly foot contest, the reiki foot competition
 for which is called the sneaker contest, the sneaker contest.
 And the winner every year gets $2,500,
 as well as two nights in New York and a trip to a Broadway show,
 which just approving that you're happy to say.
 But having smelly feet.
 Yeah.
 How's it judged?
 It's the panel of judges.
 I can tell you how it's judged,
 because I actually coincidentally googled this as well.
 [laughter]
 They check the condition of your heel of your shoe,
 the sole, the tongue, the shoelaces,
 the older of the shoe, which is tested by a group of people,
 one of whom is NASA's sniffer.
 No.
 The guy who smells everything before it goes up in space.
 Oh, this guy's incredible.
 Nothing goes into space unless he goes under his nose.
 And he goes, yep.
 That's the only way it goes into space.
 If he doesn't like the smell, it does not go to space.
 This is the most powerful set of nostrils on our planet.
 And he gets test four times every year,
 where they put beakers of different smells under his nose.
 Some contain no smells, some contain a tiny trace.
 And if he fails, he loses his job.
 He has never failed.
 He's got the best nostrils on the planet.
 And even if he did fail, he's got a lucrative sneaker
 judging career to fall back on.
 And so the other thing that these guys do in the competition
 is that the entrant has to give a verbal response
 to the question, why he stroke she feels
 that he stroke she has rotten sneakers
 and how they got that way.
 And last year's winner, Ken Jung-Hiss,
 answered the question with, I bike and high coffin.
 I've worn them through mud.
 And also through chicken, pigeon, goose, and dove poop.
 And they also don't wear socks.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So that was her answer?
 Oh, the sock bit got you.
 That was--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, yeah, and you get into the hall of fumes, don't you?
 The odouritas hall of fumes, if you win it.
 That's a very clever contest.
 No, that's actually true.
 There wasn't me making a really bad joke.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Where you go?
 Supposedly, the original trophy was an ancient Greek word.
 And it comes at Trophane, it's what it was originally.
 And it was when you hung your dead enemy's armor
 on a tree after a battle.
 So everyone could see that you had won.
 Yeah, nice.
 Have you guys heard of the Golden Colour Awards?
 No.
 Which are a really big deal, apparently.
 Every year, there's an award ceremony
 that follows the Oscars for the best dogs in films.
 Really?
 Yeah, yeah.
 And you get the same category.
 So you get the best dog in a theatrical film,
 which I think the dog in the artist
 won it in the year I was reading it out.
 RIP just passed away.
 Oh, no, no.
 Sorry.
 It's not breaking news.
 It happened ages ago, just no one knows,
 because no one cares.
 It's not like a--
 Well, after his death, he might have taken part
 in the UK's Good Funeral Awards, which is a real thing.
 Categories include Cemetery of the Year,
 Embarmer of the Year, Major Contribution
 to the Understanding of Death.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 And the final look at in my favorite
 is Grave Digger of the Year.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's real.
 What is it to dig a good grave?
 Yeah.
 What is the qualifications?
 Is it like quality of policy?
 I don't know if it's a policy.
 Strength or speed or death?
 Death?
 I mean, because there's a famous term that sort of gives it
 a sort of bottom ceiling, as it were, 60.
 I don't like the phrase bottom ceiling at all.
 Yes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And I'm like, OK, we always lose that at some stage.
 It was a bit early today.
 Not really, tonight, yeah.
 So speaking of bottoms, something
 you could do with your bottom, relating to awards ceremonies,
 is be a seat filler at the Oscars, right?
 And I think we should try and do that.
 But so I think you can only get the job
 if you work for PWC, which sponsors the Oscars,
 or if you know someone involved.
 But it's because if the camera pans out to the audience
 and like, you know, live Tyler, or whoever's famous these days,
 goes to the toilet, then it looks like there's an empty seat.
 And so you've got to wait there in the wings.
 And as soon as the famous person stands up,
 then you've got to run into their seats
 in extra George Clooney for a bit.
 But your unrestricted instructions
 not to interact with any of the actual invitees.
 This isn't funny, but I have that.
 The national television awards.
 We went on stage, and then people came in our seats.
 And then afterwards, we had to--
 [LAUGHTER]
 I used to do that job weirdly.
 How I met everyone at QI was--
 [LAUGHTER]
 You told-- because I would have thought,
 if I'd gone and got an Oscar and gone back,
 and someone would stolen my seat.
 I'd just be like, what the fuck are you doing in my seat?
 I was reading an article about the Oscars.
 And they make about--
 I think it's about 50 every year.
 Yeah.
 And you're not allowed to sell them, either, are you?
 I thought you had to offer them back to the Academy Awards
 first for a dollar.
 For a long dollar, yeah.
 And then if the Academy Awards were like, oh,
 we can't really afford that, then--
 Then you can put your Oscar on the Ebay.
 We'd love to afford it, but unfortunately,
 we blew all the budget for this year
 on buying every woman who attends Magic for Dinosurgery.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And I have a few recursive things.
 Can I say those?
 So this is an award ceremony for awards.
 There's a village called Barton on the Water in Gloucestershire.
 And it has a one-nights scale exact replica
 of the village inside the village.
 But that replica also has a village inside of it.
 And that replica has a village inside of it.
 And the recursion stops after level four-- well, five,
 if you include the original village.
 Yeah.
 But yes, got five villages inside a village inside a village
 inside a village.
 Have you guys heard of Alice Brady, who won an Oscar in 1938?
 She won the Best Actress Oscar in Best Supporting Actress
 in a film called In Old Chicago.
 And she was unable to make it.
 So I think she was either on holiday or she was sick.
 Everyone knew she was unable to make it.
 So someone went and picked up the Oscar in her place
 at the ceremony.
 Turns out, no one knows who that person was.
 She had an sanction at all.
 And someone just walked over the Oscar.
 No one's ever found out where that is.
 Wow.
 I was.
 They just need to search for a person
 with vaginal surgery.
 Check it against all the records.
 Go ahead and search for that claim.
 Oh, you guys are not googling hard enough.
 Should we move on to our next act?
 OK, time for fact number two.
 And that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that Napoleon loved Rose
 chicken so much that his household chefs
 were constantly cooking some in case he decided he wanted any,
 which is my personal aim for my life.
 I think that's when you know you've made it.
 But so is this-- I mean, is there a lot of--
 is chicken sort of really, if you read an Napoleon biography,
 is it just everywhere?
 Is it just constant mentions of chicken?
 Or--
 Barely a page goes by in the 700 page Napoleon biography.
 He was more chicken than man by the end.
 No, I don't know, it's just something that was an article
 about it recently, which I spotted.
 This was at his palace in Paris, the twelery.
 And just chicken was constantly being cooked on a spit
 because he was very erratic in the way he ate.
 He would have meals at odd times of day.
 And he wasn't breakfast lunch and dinner sort of man.
 Once when he went on a journey from Cairo to--
 oh, where was it?
 I think Suez.
 He just took three roast chickens wrapped in paper
 as his provisions with him.
 So yeah, he loved it.
 Found it quite a cool Mussolini had a code word
 that he used to tell his wife whenever he was doing something
 at the table.
 And he didn't want his mother-in-law to know what he was doing.
 What was he doing at the table?
 Is it the same as what these people were doing at my awards?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry, I should clarify, it's once he left the table
 that he started doing the thing.
 So he loved joling with swords.
 He was really obsessed with joling with swords.
 And so he got into fights all the time with people.
 Over just minor little things.
 And he would say at the breakfast table, to his wife,
 this was the line, today we are making spaghetti.
 And that was code to say, today I'm going outside
 to fight another man with swords.
 And I--
 Yeah.
 What happened if he actually was eating spaghetti one day?
 And then some guy just came at him with a sword
 because he thought it was a code.
 Yeah, and it's a confusing code.
 I agree.
 And also, I bet, at the same time, the mother-in-law,
 because she was living with them, would probably be going,
 ooh, spaghetti tonight then.
 And no matter what was the plans for dinner,
 would suddenly be changed, because Mussolini wanted a fight.
 You've just got a cooked man's hand here.
 What happened today with this spaghetti?
 How many secrets did he keep from his mother?
 Did he have a code for I'm going to enslave a nation
 and then go to war with various other nations?
 Was that--
 No, I'm going to feed the cat.
 Yeah, just as a side note to this fact,
 I found a website all about rabbits during the course
 of my research called Napoleon Bunny Part.
 Just so you knew.
 Was Napoleon once not attacked by rabbits?
 There is this story, yeah.
 And it's hard to know what's propaganda.
 It's been explained as his biggest ever defeat
 that he was attacked by bunnies on a battlefield
 and had to run away or something like that.
 Yeah, I thought it was when he was visiting Egypt, possibly.
 But yeah, he was mobbed by rabbits when he was out hunting
 while shooting.
 And people always think he's afraid of cats, don't they?
 Which I don't think is true.
 But I think they're confusing him with Napoleon
 and the third is nephew, who used to have to jump onto a table
 if a cat entered the room or like climb up the curtains
 to avoid it.
 That's one thing cats can do if they were cats.
 Yeah.
 That's weird.
 Not a smart man.
 That's why he doesn't have the--
 Yeah, the cute also to his uncle does.
 Josephine's dog really hated Napoleon.
 Yeah.
 And apparently during the wedding night,
 it bit him on the leg while he was asleep, not during the--
 OK.
 So they had a problem with animals, didn't they?
 I wonder if his actual--
 the rest of his life has actually distracted us
 from the fact that he was the one human on Earth who
 animals all hated unanimously.
 And we've been blinded to that actual real extraordinary fact
 about a man.
 There was another Napoleon.
 I think one of the very last members of Napoleon family
 are Jerome Bonaparte.
 Jerome Bonaparte?
 Jerome Bonaparte.
 They moved to New York.
 Or the fact no, they did.
 Guys, let's stop it.
 They escaped after the fall of Napoleon,
 lots of his family members with lots and lots of money.
 And one of them died.
 Jerome Bonaparte, I think it was, died
 after tripping over two entangled dog leads
 while out on a walk.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 Ooh.
 Well, also, he had problems with horse ride.
 I'm loving this theory.
 I really think you might be right.
 So some historians speculate that the reason that he lost water
 glue is because he had incredibly bad hemorrhoids, which
 was a serious problem for him that repeated throughout his life,
 and that he couldn't sit on his horse throughout that day,
 which is due.
 So I think we don't have any evidence that he rode his horse.
 And so he couldn't survey the battlefield properly.
 And he couldn't ride his horses into battle.
 He had to stay backstage because he couldn't sit
 in a saddle.
 It was too painful.
 And there we go.
 That was the end of everything.
 So you just thought he were high enough?
 I mean, he wasn't that short.
 This is a myth that he was short, wasn't it?
 Yeah, he was kind of short.
 He was, I think he was an inch taller than Sarkozy.
 OK.
 But at the time, he was taller than the average Frenchman.
 Yes.
 He was taller than Nelson, I'm sorry to say.
 But it is weird how often I was reading a thing of first-hand
 sources about Napoleon.
 And it's weird how often people point out
 his small stature, given that we say
 that he was above average height.
 Maybe he just seems-- you know when you see someone who seems
 like their small, but actually they're six foot.
 Maybe he's just at a very small demeanor.
 I don't know.
 Why were people always going on about it?
 Can I tell you someone else who likes chicken?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Is it-- is it-- I, James, like chicken.
 No, it's Stacy Irving from Birmingham, of course.
 She eats chicken nuggets.
 It's the only thing she eats.
 Chicken nuggets all the time.
 She has 20 a day that she shares with her boyfriend.
 And doxas have one that is very, very, very bad for her health,
 just eating chicken nuggets.
 I mean, if she shares them, she's not having 20 a day, then that's like--
 I mean, she is kind of like, it is really bad for her health.
 But the newspaper article said,
 a less serious consequence of her craving
 is that she's struggling to start all of the free toys
 that come with a fast food meal.
 So she might be dying, but yeah, where
 is she going to keep those toys?
 What is it?
 The world's largest chicken nugget is twice
 the size of the world's largest chicken nugget?
 I think it is.
 Whoa, really?
 Yeah.
 Imagine finding that in the box.
 Someone else, actually, you'll probably
 know this Gary Watkinson from Huddersfield.
 Of course he is.
 He only eats beans on toast.
 That's the only thing he ever, ever eats.
 And it's from ever, since he can remember.
 But he actually said, the beans on toast thing
 is only more recent.
 Before that, it was just beans and toast separately.
 And then, like a second Einstein, one day,
 a moment of inspiration.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, Evonne Wake from the Nutrition Society said,
 Gary is probably not constipated.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I read it.
 So just on the subject of leaders and food.
 So a lot of leaders get given international gifts all the time.
 I'm thinking, in particular, of the American presidents.
 Two pandas were given to Nixon, that kind of thing.
 I discovered that LBJ, Lyndon B. Johnson,
 was given by an unnamed source, a Chinese chef called Mr. Wong,
 who just rocked up to the White House door.
 And he used to-- there's all these reports.
 No one really knew what he was doing there.
 Mr. Wong just lived with them during his term.
 They were trying to go to the holiday retreat that they
 go to, and they couldn't find Mr. Wong,
 because they were bringing him, because he decided
 to play hide-and-seek with the president.
 And they eventually found him behind some curtains
 after a good long search.
 But he was hiding from a cat to be there.
 That's a-- presidents aren't allowed to accept gifts
 that are worth more than something like $5.
 So he must have been an extremely cheap man.
 I don't know.
 Did you know that fittingly, someone bought--
 so Napoleon has two of those hats that survived
 in Napoleonic hats, and one of them
 was bought for 1.5 million pounds last year.
 And it was bought by a chicken mogul.
 It was bought by this Korean guy who
 owns a chain of chicken, fried chicken restaurants,
 the Ha Rim group, which I think provides
 fried chicken to the people of Korea.
 So on things of Napoleon's being sold,
 in 2006, one of Napoleon's teeth was sold for 11,000 pounds.
 In June, this year, a couple of months ago,
 a single one of Napoleon's hairs was sold at auction
 for 130 pounds.
 And I think we've said before on this podcast that,
 after he died, Napoleon's penis was removed and mummified,
 and has passed through several hands,
 and has been auctioned several times.
 But I have a theory that someone out there
 is reassembling Napoleon.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I think the hair thing is a small victory for Napoleon
 against Wellington.
 Because-- so later on, the hairs obviously
 depreciated in value, because in the '90s,
 a lock of Napoleon's hair sold for 3,680 pounds at auction.
 And I think the same year, Wellington's hair only got 598.
 So that's quite a nice-- it's like balances out
 the record between those guys.
 A penguin named Napoleon Boulder Parts
 has fallen in love with a Wellington boot.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Can you imagine if we don't know really what reincarnation is,
 but everything is conscious, and that's
 they're actually just having a-- sorry about that past life.
 I hope you're well.
 They never met, did they?
 Did they not?
 Never met.
 But so once the English had defeated the French,
 Wellington had an idea that he presented the British government
 that was disgust that rather than sent him into exile,
 they built him a house, really near Wellington's house,
 somewhere on the British coastline.
 And they lived near each other.
 And they just hang out on an exchange
 like strategic tips and anecdotes.
 I mean, what a great idea.
 Who can I boss that plan?
 Because that sounds fantastic.
 We've said on the show that Wellington was obsessed with Napoleon.
 He bought all of Napoleon's stuff after Waterloo.
 And he hired Napoleon's ex-cook.
 The mysterious and everlasting, Mr. Wong.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm going to have to move us on in a second.
 Has anyone got anything else?
 I've got one last thing.
 This is-- it's not particularly interesting or anything,
 but it's just a hard sell down, please.
 But sometimes you read a sentence.
 You think that's the best sentence I've read today.
 So it's just this.
 Stalin loved bananas and would be furious if you served him
 a substandard banana.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, it's time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that IMDB was originally just
 a list of actresses with beautiful eyes.
 It just started as this little list that the guy created.
 And he just thought, I need to put together
 a list of all the actresses that I think
 people need to know have beautiful eyes.
 And then people started going to and adding other lists.
 And then IMDB grew out of it.
 And it was called "Those Eyes" to begin with.
 That's the original name.
 Wow.
 The way it brought his Colneedman brought together two things
 to turn them into IMDB.
 And people often say, IMDB grew out of this list of women
 with beautiful eyes.
 And what he brought together was, one of those things
 was the list of actresses with beautiful eyes.
 And then the other thing he brought in, just a little addon,
 was a list that someone else had created, which
 was a movie ratings report, where participants were asked
 to rate movies on a 1 to 10 scale.
 But it was mainly based IMDB on the actresses
 with beautiful eyes.
 I mean, it sounds like the actresses with beautiful eyes
 was kind of a random, irrelevant list
 that just happened outside it.
 He sort of put them all together.
 He recalls the details of every film that he sees.
 And he has done since he was 13 years old Colneedman.
 And he has seen-- this was 18 months ago.
 So he's seen more since then.
 But at that count, it was 8,505.
 That's one film for every 48 hours since he was born.
 Wow.
 His favorite film is "Vertigo."
 Really?
 And that's why it always tops the charts.
 Yes.
 He's rigging it, isn't he?
 Because it's a good film.
 But I read an article that said that he and his--
 it was a quote by him.
 He said that he and his wife love going to the cinema.
 And they watch a film together every Tuesday lunchtime.
 But what it sounds like is they do do that.
 But the rest of the time, it's just him watching loads
 of other movies.
 So it's more like, my wife has begrudgingly agreed
 to come to the cinema with me once a week.
 Otherwise, we would never see each other.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And when he was a boy, he rented out the film Alien.
 And he watched it every single day for a fortnight.
 Wow.
 That's a waste of his time.
 He needs to be getting through these films.
 Yeah.
 Well, he said that recently there are so many more good films
 being made these days.
 It was just that at the time that was one of the best films
 ever made.
 And it was so huge.
 It is a fantastic place.
 I actually do a fair bit of QI research
 by looking at the IMDB.
 Did you know section?
 I love reading the user reviews, because the honesty of it
 is just, here's my favorite one.
 I haven't even read further than the title of this review.
 But it was for the movie Batman and Robin.
 And the headline was, I lost faith in humanity.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sign the Joker.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you know what is the bottom ranked movie on all of IMDB?
 No.
 It's called Jurassic Shark.
 It's from 2012.
 It's got a rating of 1.5%.
 And here's what it is.
 It's, when an oil company on Wittingly Unleashes,
 a prehistoric shark from its icy prison,
 the Jurassic Killan maroons a group of thieves
 and a beautiful young female college student
 on an abandoned piece of land.
 How did they manage to screw that up, though?
 Because that sounds like such a winning.
 This film.
 I'll give you some others in the bottom, like 20 or something.
 The Hottie and the Nottie from 2008.
 Oh, it's a Paris Hilton movie.
 Oh, is it?
 Apparently.
 Apparently.
 I think we found that why it's not at the absolute bottom.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you know the-- so there's one film on IMDB which
 isn't marked out of 10, which is Spinal Tap,
 and the IMDB page marks that it's rating as marked out of 11.
 So it gives 8 out of 11.
 Which, and then--
 Oh, which actually really affects how good a movie it is
 in the overall rating because--
 Yeah, so it's really annoying because I worry
 that people have a notice, and they're giving it an 8,
 thinking that's out of 10, and that's 80%.
 But it's not.
 It's obviously X% that I'm not going to patronize you
 by working out here myself right now.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, it's a lower percent.
 Yeah.
 It should be higher than 8 out of 11.
 I read them at cracked.com article about the most depressing
 IMDB pages.
 Their top one was someone called Leslie Bremer,
 and she's only had nine roles in her whole career.
 They include Girl in Bikini, Shower Girl, Party Girl,
 and Girl Leaving Room.
 She's only had one named party in her entire career,
 and she played Sandy in a movie called School Spirit.
 But on IMDB, it says, in several scenes,
 actress Leslie can be seen wearing a necklace with the letter L
 on it, despite the fact that her character's name is Sandy.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm going to have to move us on in a sec.
 We're going to power through to the last one.
 Anyone got anything else?
 I looked up IMDB's current poll of actresses
 with beautiful eyes, and it's just a list.
 It's really weird.
 So there are lots of people who submitted their own lists,
 but their own curator ones.
 But this one's a poll which takes others users into account.
 So the top 20 is all people like Cameron Diaz, Rachel Fies,
 Natalie Portman, other people like that.
 And then Joan Plarrite is in there, who--
 I don't know if you know who that is, but I mean,
 she's 85 years old.
 She is a kind of famous stage actress.
 She's often in things like Inspector Morse playing
 a servant woman.
 But does she have a really nice eyes?
 I looked really hard, and to be honest,
 I found it hard to see what they're talking about.
 Everyone's got nice eyes.
 I mean, just eyes are nice, aren't they?
 Yeah.
 How long?
 OK.
 You know, you can say someone's got nice hair
 or not very nice hair, but eyes are just nice to look at.
 Everyone likes looking at a knife.
 I've seen some bad eyes.
 Have you?
 There were some really bad eyes.
 I have a couple of facts about eyes if you want them.
 Yeah, fact number one, eyes are lovely.
 Fact number two, the first person known to have had blue eyes
 was we know who it was.
 So it was 7,000 years ago.
 It was a caveman living in Spain, because it's a mutation.
 So everyone who's got blue eyes can trace the ancestry back
 to that particular individual.
 I wonder if everyone just went to that cave
 and then went, you have beautiful eyes.
 And then Andy went, everyone has a beautiful eyes.
 OK, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Chosinski.
 Yes, my fact is that the word fascinate literally
 means the embodiment of the divine fallace.
 Certainly the sense in which I use it all the time.
 So this is the etymology of fascinate.
 It comes from the Latin word fascinum, which
 was either fascinus the phallic god, which we know very little
 about, or it was a phallic object that you carry around
 for good luck, which they did a lot of the time.
 I just like to ward off the evil eye or something like that.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So the verb fascinari in Latin was
 to use the power of the phallus to either ward off the evil eye
 or to hypnotize someone in an evil manner.
 So if you're fascinating somebody,
 you are using the power of the phallus.
 And what would a cast a spell on them?
 This is what Dan was doing at that award ceremony.
 Yeah.
 So I spent most of today googling penises
 of fascinating.
 And it's a lot out there.
 All penises are beautiful.
 Well, back in back May last year, James
 and I were in the office alone together.
 And we kind of ran out of conversation.
 And this is kind of--
 This is really not the time, not the place for this.
 People need to know.
 So we kind of just ran out of conversation.
 And James, just in a way to sort of just spark up conversation,
 just looked up to me and said, hey, do you know that there
 was over 600 guys in the world with two dicks?
 And as if that was like, oh, good, we're back in.
 We have a conversation going on.
 And I googled it.
 And there were 600 men in the world who have two penises.
 And on Reddit, there's a website Reddit.
 They have that thing, AMA.
 And AMA asked me anything.
 One of the most successful things I ever had
 was someone coming on saying, I have two penises.
 Ask me anything.
 It was what bit where it an interview was talking about.
 It says, the most upsetting moment for him
 was a girl he dated.
 Seriously, he got-- he was over one night stands.
 And they dated for three months.
 They were just kissing and cuddling.
 She finally was ready.
 I'd put it off for another month after that.
 But when it came down to it, I told her
 that I was built different from other guys.
 So I was sort of slightly built different.
 She said she didn't care.
 I revealed them to her.
 And she said she definitely cared.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Only she had known that all penises are beautiful.
 There was a guy that used to freak shows
 in the 19th century.
 And there was one guy called--
 I think he's called like Dos Santos or something like that.
 And he was known as the man with two swords.
 And he used to show himself off as a man with two penises.
 And he married a woman called Blanche Duma
 or something like that.
 She called two scabbards or something.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, she-- but she did have two vaginas, yeah.
 What?
 There's someone out there for everybody.
 OK, this was a fact about etymology.
 Oh, yeah.
 Sorry, sorry.
 Yeah, back to Roman penises, at least,
 because that's more highbrow, I think.
 They were more highbrow then.
 So the age of nine days, Roman boys
 would be given an amulet with a phallus inside it.
 And that was to ward off the evil eye.
 That was the point of it.
 And they'd have to go around wearing this amulet
 with a phallus inside it until they came of age.
 Because they weren't really-- they weren't as obscene
 as they are now, although they weren't seen as being obscene,
 because of this old good luck thing.
 Yeah, and also getting rid of this evil eye,
 it was really thought to be a really serious thing.
 There's a Roman mosaic of a phallus ejaculating
 into a disembodied eye.
 Wikipedia described it as a relief.
 So have you seen the relief?
 I've seen it.
 So it's pretty--
 It's so weird.
 The phallus has its own penis, which
 is doing the ejaculating.
 So it's a lovely stone-carved relief, as James says.
 And I think it's in Turkey.
 And it's a phallus with back legs.
 And then there's a smaller penis coming down from it.
 And it's shooting ejaculating into an eye
 with a scorpion on top of it.
 Amazing.
 I like the penis with the little penis.
 It's like that village in Gloucestershire.
 Yes.
 I mean, not exactly like that.
 Roman prostitutes sold things called colifio,
 which were little bread rolls shaped like penises.
 That's a bay.
 Yeah.
 And you don't get that in Gregg's, do you?
 It was a clarify that Gregg's is not
 a staffed excuse me if I prostitutes.
 Yes, I would like to try.
 That's why you keep getting injected from Gregg's James.
 So there's a theory that the reason we don't know very much
 about fascinus is that Christians tried
 to eradicate from our collective memory
 all the weird stuff that the Romans were interested in,
 like this, because they thought it was a bit
 prudish.
 But there's another god called--
 has a really good name-- called Moutunus Tutunus.
 And he--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry.
 I was midship, and then it was the best day
 by the way.
 Yeah, yeah.
 What was that?
 Moutunus Tutunus.
 Mouti Tutu, and nobody ever called him.
 And he was sort of a god of fertility.
 And so there was a tradition in which there would be sculptures
 of Moutunus Tutunus, and he had a large phallus,
 because that was what he represented.
 And it has been written that Roman brides
 to prepare themselves for marriage
 would have to straddle the phallus of Moutunus
 to prepare themselves for the upcoming intercourse.
 He was a dildo.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Mouti Tutu, the first dildo.
 If that's not in the goodie bags at next year's Oscar's eye,
 you're going to turn down your award.
 This person is called Faskinus.
 And another word that comes from this guy, whose name
 means penis, is fascist, because originally
 it came from Fasky Sicilianie de Levittori,
 and the word Fasky came from meaning a group.
 And that originally was like a bundle,
 but it also had the same kind of connotations
 as something large and whatever.
 And that was where the word fascist came from.
 What Faskers rods of office, literally,
 that Roman officials carried to show their authority?
 So basically, all fascists are dicks.
 [LAUGHTER]
 If I were you, the rest, you didn't really get into that way.
 Audience fascists here tonight.
 I feel like I'm going to be making a lot of spaghetti this evening.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I read, I discovered a new martial art discipline today.
 It's called 99 Power Chi Gong.
 So it's part of Chi Gong.
 It's one of the rarer, practiced bits of Chi Gong and martial
 arts.
 Its other name is Iron Crotch.
 Men of a certain age, suddenly need
 to start attaching lots of really heavy things to the dick
 and allow it to just get some exercise.
 I think that's the kind of thing.
 There's a guy called Master 2.
 He goes around the world, teaching people how to do this.
 He's described on his website as a graceful man
 who moves like a swimming dragon with sudden bursts
 of thunderous gestures.
 But what he's mainly known for is that he
 can tow trucks with his penis.
 What's wrong with a tow rope?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, I'm just only mentioning it in case anyone's
 looking for an interesting Christmas gift to give the someone,
 because you can buy Iron Crotch the DVD, which is,
 like those exercise DVDs that you get.
 And it comes with a rope and a hook to hook.
 And you'll be able to find that.
 I know such thing as a fish.com.
 This Christmas, along with your motunus to tunus still though.
 And a free copy of Jurassic Shark.
 OK, I'm going to have to stop us there.
 OK, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on Twitter.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 @AndruHunterM.
 James.
 Hearts, eggshapes.
 Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to nosuchthingasofish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We're also doing a tour around the UK.
 So if you want to go to the website,
 you can see all those tour dates there.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 Thank you so much for being here, guys.
 Thanks for listening at home.
 See you again next week.
 Good bye.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
