 [music]
 Hello and welcome to a very special bonus episode of Meet the Elf. This one with a twist because
 you've already met him. Let's meet him again. This is Jack Chambers, who I'm sure you remember
 based on everything about him. We probably don't need to go back through your history at QI unless
 you have any new exciting information to tell us about yourself. No, no, I don't think so. I'm
 another sort of year older and bit less hair on my head and my voice hasn't changed, so maybe you
 recognise it. Have you become a podcaster since we last spoke? Yeah, we've basically me and Manu,
 who's also been on Meet the Elf, and our good friend Rosie, who's a food expert. She's a stylist
 and influencer and professional chef. We have created a podcast called Lunchbox Envy and it's
 basically the QI approach to food, which is common to everyone. I think there are very few people
 except for those breatharians who don't eat food. Yeah, it's a clever subject to choose. Well done.
 This is not so much Meet the Elf as Reheat the Elf. Oh, yeah. Okay, I mean you actually had the
 word "meat" in the title there, but that's cool. That's not solely meat-based. An episode on garlic.
 That's true. That's the first one we're going to release on February the 24th. Right. You can
 find details at qi.com/lunchbox. And we've had a preview and it's great. We have, it's very fun.
 It's a very QI fish style, lots of interesting facts about food, but interspersed with genuinely
 useful cooking tips. Yeah. I mean, my level of cooking is so basic that any cooking tip is very
 useful to me, like put the toaster in that way and put the toaster. Pan the right way up. Yeah,
 exactly. But I think even better cooks will find it useful, but it's full of amazing facts. So do
 listen, but today you've brought a fact for us, I believe, and you deliver it to us by means of a
 riddle. So my question to you, why can't you make a banana violin? So many reasons. Are we talking?
 Okay. Firstly, unpack what a banana violin is. Yeah. So let's let's huddle here, guys. So violin
 is an instrument. Yeah. Is it a violin made out of banana or is it like a banana shaped violin?
 Do you think? Well, that's the thing. You've got a good shape where you could twang two bits of string
 on the side. In fact, you've got those bits of filament that run along the length of the banana.
 So you could just tie one of those at either end and ratchet it up a bit. And then actually,
 actually, turns out Jack, you can make a banana violin. You got no bow. It's because it doesn't
 come with a bow. A banana, a straighter banana. Yeah. Is this a violin made out of bananas?
 Well, I picked a violin not because of acoustic properties, but because it's made of wood. It's
 made of wood. Yes. So what's strange about the banana tree? Bananas are not trees. They're not trees.
 They're herbs. They're herbs. Yeah. The biggest herbaceous plant in the world, in fact. It doesn't
 have lignin in its stem. So when you see a banana tree, its trunk is basically just folded up leaves.
 And in fact, I have sliced through one and then it's really like mushy and wet inside. There's no
 like... Well, you do that when you worked on that banana plantation before QI.
 Yeah. Well, you did slicing through a banana tree plant.
 No, that was with my neighbour, actually. She was 76. So she doesn't, you know,
 trust herself with a saw. I don't know why she trusted me. She's got a banana in her garden.
 Yeah, surprisingly. You can use it from Jamaica, right?
 No, hang on. I sure I've researched recently the giant, the Kiwi giant banana,
 by which I mean the New Zealand giant banana, which is very, very tall, but it only grows in valleys.
 And that's because bananas are not woody, so they can't stand up to high winds.
 So only in a deep valley where there's no high wind can this giant banana thrive.
 Interesting. And I read that that's why the leaves get so tattered in the wind,
 because then get become less like sails and less able to blow the whole tree over.
 So sorry, you're saying an entire, the entire trunk of a banana tree is just, it's just all leaves.
 Can you picture it? It doesn't look like a trunk. It's not like it's disguised itself.
 It hasn't painted itself like a park. I'm picturing an oak.
 That's the kind of tree I'm picturing right now. No, it's a chunky, girthy...
 But it does look like a tree. No, no, it's odd.
 And if you asked like a four year old to draw a tree, it would look a little bit like a banana
 tree, right? Yeah. It's the same shape. Yeah.
 Was it banana trees that Sean Locke once mentioned on QI, they move?
 You said they walk? Yes, they walk. Is that because why they walk in Jack?
 You've got a food podcast now? This is within your purview, not...
 Not as easy as Alex, is it buddy?
 I've heard this the case with the palm tree, which kind of has like the roots are above ground,
 kind of like a crab, and then it will kill off one of the roots on one side and grow a
 new root on the other side. So it can move about two meters a year. I don't know if that's the
 same thing. Wow. Have you ever seen, speaking of weird tree roots, I saw the other day a specific
 tree, and I can't remember what it is, but it's one of the trees that grows in kind of swampy,
 waterlogged areas, and its roots grow really oddly. So you'll see a tree and then around it,
 it's like it's got 100 or 200 spikes, like big spikes, meter long spikes sticking up out of
 the ground really pointed, and there it's roots, and its roots grow back up out of the earth,
 like it's got this massive defensive wall all around it, and we just don't know why it does that.
 We think it might be for stabilizing it, but... It's a tropical thing.
 It's in like mangrove swamps. So yeah, tropical, sorry.
 Is it cypress? No. Cypress the tree. Yeah, yeah. Cypress the country. No, no, Cypress the tree.
 It's trees that grow in mangrove swampy type areas, they're quite waterlogged, but it looks so cool.
 It's the catch on where he crawls. They've got a special name, because we were researching a body
 part. I think there might be elbows. We were researching elbows recently, knees. They're called
 knees. I've got it. We had to research knees. The tree's knees. And they're called the tree's knees.
 Very good. So some trees have knees. Do they have nectar? Could you make honey from a tree's knees?
 Do you see where I'm going? Yeah. I think no one's, no one's tried.
 Okay. Oh, I thought you were saying that as another body part, as a neck.
 Yeah. No, no. Bees, trees, knees. Bees, trees, knees. Oh, see. It's good.
 This new show's gonna be good. More of these puns. It's all rhyming. Keep doing shows, isn't it?
 Yeah, it's done in iambic pentameter, actually. They've got trunks, which is another body part.
 I've got a trunk. Yes, you do. What's your trunk? We all do.
 This is your trunk. You call the torso your trunk? Yeah. Don't you? We all do.
 We, well, I'm one of the four people there. I don't know if it's my trunk.
 It's a bit, it's a bit old fashioned, calling it your trunk.
 Yes. Okay. You know, you might sort of salatiously refer to a woman from the 1920s as having some sort
 of, what do you? Well, I don't know. Having a nice trunk. Isn't that just me? That's just you, pal.
 Love your trunk. That's you and Charlie Chaplin. Yeah.
 Trunk magazine. Speaking of, actually, just to get back to bananas. He famously said
 the funniest thing to do is to have the banana skin on the floor,
 and then they can carefully step over the banana skin and fall down a manhole.
 Yeah, he told that to David Niven. It's in an autobiography by David Niven,
 because someone, he overheard, sorry, it wasn't to David Niven. Niven overheard him
 responding to a comedian who was saying, how do I make the most used gag in cinema
 funny again? And Chaplin, at the top of his brilliant brain, said, yeah,
 turns around, looks at it, goes, huh, relief, walks into a manhole.
 We get, we get the comedy. You didn't need to go through the emotional role.
 I do. That's where he acted it out.
 When Jack's a hundred eps in, he'll know how to tell stories of it more dramatically.
 I just, this is a mentoring.
 I do feel it's amazing that you can mention anything to Dan, and Dan will say, yes,
 David Niven once overheard Charlie Chaplin tell an anecdote about this,
 and you'll have the book, and you'll know the page, you know, it's great.
 But they have been a comedy trope for a long time. I think they first appeared in
 vaudeville shows because they were, it was back when New York was getting,
 you know, more and more populated, and they hadn't really sorted out how to get the bins
 removed. So you'd find trash on the street, and so in the cartoons and the newspapers,
 they would use the banana skin on the street to represent like Mucky New York, you know.
 So people thrown trash around.
 I was reading about this just yesterday, about the New York situation, because New York has a
 lot of rats, and it turns out it's just because they put their rubbish out in bags and not in bins.
 And that's, and it all dates back to a bin strike by the city's bin men in 1968,
 which is when they started just having to put their rubbish out in bags.
 And then it became the norm.
 And then it became the norm. And then, and recently they've been trying amazingly,
 having actual bins, which they put out, and astonishingly, the rat population has declined.
 And for years they've been trying, what if we make stronger poison for the rats?
 And actually no, the answer is it's not to give the rats an all night banquet every night.
 We have it in London in some places. We used to have that in our London house.
 What?
 What if we just put the bins out in bags.
 Just put raw bags out on the street.
 Raw bag, yeah.
 Yeah, that's a bad idea, and you deserve to have rats, and you should have used bins.
 Thank you, but I blame the council not myself.
 It's actually usually the foxes who got there first.
 But that, so the whole New York thing, then led to that becoming seen as you would slip on a banana.
 And that would be funny when people saw it, Sean and Freud.
 And then there was a guy, do you know Jack, the comedian who, I don't know his name,
 but that was his act. He would go on stage and he would just slip on bananas.
 Because it was just such like a new, great gag.
 As a whole act, was this like a big Stuart Lee set piece, like an hour of just the same.
 Filled up and up.
 It was, it was back in the day where you would do a spot
 on, so it's like, "Now please introduce."
 And then you'd come out in a tux or whatever and slip on the banana.
 And you'd do your five minutes and then you'd hair off to the other side of town.
 Yeah, and it was a huge hit.
 I bet.
 There's a banana slipper.
 And then they tested it on mythbusters.
 Oh yeah, they did, yeah, yeah.
 To see whether or not it truly is the...
 They're actually slippery.
 Yeah, if they are slippery or not.
 Because all slightly decayed vegetable matter will be slippery.
 I think so.
 You can slip on an aubergine, you can slip on a tomato.
 But there's a thing about the inside of a banana, which makes it particularly
 slippy, that little, well, I don't know.
 I mean, Jack, you're...
 You're the banana expert.
 My guess would be that the reason it's famous for bananas is because you don't,
 like an aubergine, you eat it all.
 Yes, you do.
 Or other vegetable you eat it all.
 In the olden days, people didn't have as much food as you and I.
 Why don't we feel bad?
 Orange, the orange, the apple?
 Orange peel, it should have been an orange.
 Yeah, the apple.
 Which bit of it?
 Oh, you can slip on apple cores.
 Yeah, apple.
 You can't know, but it doesn't spread out as nicely and create such a good
 skate for your foot.
 I think it's just easy to draw.
 Like, as a cartoonist, you would think, oh, I could draw an orange peel,
 but a banana skate.
 Oh, look, it's just funny.
 Banana.
 Exactly.
 Say the word out loud.
 Look at it.
 How much of bananas' cultural clout is due to the name and the bright color?
 Yeah, yeah.
 And the shape.
 And the shape.
 And the shape.
 And the shape.
 It's very phallic.
 It's brilliant.
 Candle salad.
 In fact, you'll hear about that in the podcast, and I won't spoil it.
 Oh, I've seen a lot of salads.
 He probably talks about it as well.
 Oh, yeah.
 Interestingly, the word banana is actually the only Walloff loan word I can find.
 And Walloff being the language of Senegal.
 There is a theory that dig as in, can you dig it?
 You know, do you dig me?
 It comes from a Walloff word, but not the, you know, the digging as in digging soil.
 Dig it.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Because it feels like can you dig it?
 It just comes from digging.
 Yeah, that doesn't make sense.
 No, I can't think of any even long-winded way around why that would make sense.
 Do you dig that?
 There's a Walloff word dig out, which means to understand.
 So they think it might have come via the American slave trade into the American South.
 Right.
 Okay, I buy it.
 You sound very easily persuadable.
 Oh, I'm in the market.
 We're going to put up a fight.
 No.
 You're in the market for new slang to bring into your life.
 Sorry, you can dig it.
 New etymologies of slang is what I'm looking for.
 That's cool.
 That's very cool.
 That's very cool.
 Are they, is Senegal known globally for bananas, generally?
 No, I think they originated in Southeast Asia.
 Sort of the Philippines and what is now Malaysia.
 But they did spread around the world quite quickly.
 What is now Malaysia?
 You can just call it Malaysia.
 This is hundreds of years ago.
 Yeah.
 It's not what he calls it.
 And of course, I went to what is now Zimbabwe language.
 I love these eyes.
 I suppose what was Pangea and it's now the Philippines.
 What's your favorite banana fact then?
 I, well, I mentioned them all in the podcast, in fact,
 which you'll have to listen to all of the things I'm saying here,
 none of the which I mentioned in the podcast.
 Wait, so these are your least favorite banana facts.
 Yeah, I think so.
 But there's so many amazing things.
 I've got way more facts, actually, about a cousin of the banana,
 the pseudo-banana.
 And it's known as the NSET.
 I don't know if you've come across this.
 I don't know.
 A cousin of the bananas, like I say, it's a pseudo-banana.
 It's native to Ethiopia.
 And there are about 20 million people,
 which is a fifth of the population of Ethiopia,
 who rely on this as a staple crop.
 But as I mentioned, the trunk is not made of lignin.
 It's not wood, as we know it.
 And they use the trunk.
 In fact, the fruit is the only thing
 that's inevitable about this tree.
 And it's been described as the tree against hunger
 because it grows so fast.
 It grows so commonly and it grows all year round.
 There's no season for it.
 It propagates, so you don't need the seeds.
 Yeah, they've been cooking it in Southwestern Ethiopia
 for hundreds of years.
 You basically chop the tree down, grind up the trunk,
 and then leave it underground for up to two years to ferment.
 And then you make bread out of the powder that comes out.
 Wait, so does it grow bananas, which you eat normally?
 No, you don't eat them because they're inevitable.
 Right, I see.
 So you only eat this bit of trunk.
 Yeah, and the roots as well.
 The roots create tubers of potatoes.
 Everything but the fruit.
 Everything but the banana.
 Come on, that's a good name for something.
 Everything but the banana.
 That should be the name for your podcast.
 Change it.
 Still trying to think what this is.
 Can you make any instrument out of bananas?
 We're trying to think what what is.
 You know he gave us the answer.
 You're kidding.
 The answer's already happened.
 I'm so sorry.
 Did it happen right at the top of the show?
 Yeah, right at the top.
 Yeah, it didn't take long.
 I thought you were teasing us with a detail there.
 No, I know.
 I know he just slipped it on the razor.
 We've just been going on this whole time.
 Yeah.
 No, I agree.
 It's looking confusing.
 We've sort of changed the format.
 We did the whole format in the first 30 seconds.
 You've already met me.
 You know the idea, you know.
 We've been rambling on.
 Wait, so what was the answer again then?
 Do you know what the question was?
 Yeah.
 What's the question?
 Why can't you make a banana violin?
 No, you know the answer, I think.
 So do you know the answer?
 No.
 Well, Jack said it.
 We've said it a few times.
 What do violins made of?
 Wood.
 Well, that bit I got.
 Right.
 So what do bananas not make?
 Yeah, they gave.
 So you know the answer.
 Oh, I thought that was just a clue along the way.
 It's like being a primary school lesson.
 At the end of the lesson, the teacher's like,
 right, so two plus two is?
 Have a banana.
 No, because the format of this show
 was we get clues along the way.
 I didn't expect it to be so quickly.
 I thought there was one more plot twist to it.
 Yeah, well, you know, we know each other quite well.
 It's still a good answer.
 You're not knocking it.
 I just thought it was a clue.
 This is like David Foster Wallace novel way.
 You get the novel, but then most of the book
 is just footnotes.
 Yeah, right.
 And we've just been in the footnotes for so long.
 So we're in the footnotes here.
 Yeah.
 Do you have a second question?
 I feel like every else should have a second question
 in case we want to be like Simon Cowell.
 Or you just get it straight away.
 Yeah, we're halfway through, we wave our hands.
 Yeah, we have a second.
 And then that's the one that really launches you
 into the hearts of the UK.
 So speaking of Ethiopia, it's a very unique place.
 I think partly because it's pretty much 1,500 to 4,000
 meters up.
 So it's described as the roof of Africa sometimes.
 OK.
 Not as low at its point as 1,500.
 Most of it is over 1,000 meters.
 But there are bits that are almost sea level.
 Cool.
 It's Lesotho, the only country in the world,
 with it's all above 1,000 meters.
 Lesotho doesn't count it.
 It's a dot on that.
 Sorry, no offense.
 And Lesotho listeners.
 But yeah, Ethiopia is also, it wasn't colonized
 by the Europeans.
 And it's the only part of Africa I think there wasn't.
 Which might have meant a lot of the traditions have survived.
 But yeah, they eat--
 I don't know if you've been to Ethiopian restaurants.
 They often serve you injera bread.
 Got to have injera.
 It's elite.
 It's like it's used as a plate.
 So it's like a big pan cook.
 And then they put all sort of curries and stews and meats on.
 And then you just take bits off and scoop up the vegetables
 and eat them.
 Eat the plate as you go.
 Yeah, with my favorite--
 I reckon it was my favorite cuisine in London for about a year.
 It's bloody delicious.
 But then there's only one of it.
 So once you had it every week for a year.
 But it is very cool.
 There's some huge percentage of the world who don't use--
 they use their hands to eat everything.
 Right.
 I'm not sure where it came from.
 There's a quote attributed to the Shah of Iran.
 And he said, "Eating meals with cutlery
 is like making love through an interpreter."
 [LAUGHTER]
 She's a bit pretentious.
 Which I actually think could be a--
 Add a frisson to the experience.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Ooh.
 He says, ooh.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But yeah, so injera bread is made of teff,
 which is a cereal that's not particularly well-known.
 T-E-Double-F.
 It's a species of love grass.
 Have you eaten all these?
 I haven't eaten--
 Koccho is the name of the bread you make from the end set.
 I haven't eaten that.
 I did hear a BBC radio for--
 From my period.
 Yeah, that's what I'm saying.
 [INTERPOSING VOICES]
 I heard a woman on BBC Radio 4.
 He found a restaurant.
 If I was setting up a food truck, I'd call it teff-steff.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Steff.
 And I'd have to hire a woman called Stephanie to run it
 day-to-day.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But I still--
 Why wouldn't you call it "steff-steff"?
 That's even better.
 It's a "steff-teff."
 You're on 10%.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Here's one for you all.
 "Name a very posh middle-class North London grain."
 Oh, um--
 Are you shooting for someone like Quinoa?
 Well, obviously, Quinoa originally
 was eaten by a bunch of people at the moment, is?
 Yes, that's not the point I'm making.
 OK, sorry.
 Sorry, I'm sorry.
 Do you want more suggestions?
 No, no, no, that's fine.
 Anna's fallen into the bed.
 She's currently impaled at the base of it.
 I don't need any more.
 She's impaled at the mangrove knee.
 No more bodies on the bamboo, please.
 It's not a grain.
 Quinoa's not a grain.
 Uday cereal.
 Yeah.
 Do you need more genetics for this series of QI?
 It's not a grain.
 It's not a grain.
 I was like, what is it?
 Niner's buckwheat.
 I can't remember.
 It's something like a sort of kind of edible fish or something.
 I don't know.
 It's just--
 It's probably a flower or--
 Well, it's like--
 Redbush tea is actually a pea.
 So you'd ask for a cup of pea if you're being accurate.
 Nice.
 But don't do that.
 And going back to bananas, they're actually berries.
 Herb is a berry.
 I thought it was a herb.
 Well, the tree is a herb, as in it's a herbaceous plant.
 I think herb is a culinary term to describe small leaves
 that you would add to the dishes to give them flavor.
 And obviously, we don't do that with bananas.
 But herbaceous plant is a botanist term
 to describe something without a woody stem.
 And yeah, technically, a banana is a berry.
 Very nice.
 Yeah.
 Lovely stuff.
 Can you make a violin out of quinoa?
 These are-- so they're seeds.
 Is that it?
 What, quinoa?
 Yeah.
 I think that's what you're eating is a seed.
 The seeds of the cereal.
 Well, not a cereal, but a--
 Yeah.
 I really thought you were winging it when you said pseudo cereal.
 No.
 You just-- you just knew.
 I thought that went up.
 Buckwheat as well.
 A buckwheat isn't wheat.
 It's not even a cereal.
 It's a pseudo cereal.
 I love this-- I love this stuff.
 It's what got me into QI in the first place.
 All the pseudo stuff.
 Minor correctness.
 That's what it got down in as well.
 But I think--
 Quite a big gap between my pseudo and--
 Udo.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's it.
 [INAUDIBLE]
 Hey, so listen, we should wrap up in a second.
 But Jack, before we go--
 so I haven't actually heard the show yet.
 So what episodes are going out?
 And what can the listeners expect?
 So on February the 24th, we'll launch garlic and banana.
 And they'll be released at the same time.
 Yeah, then we'll have weekly episodes from there.
 Are you just talking about garlic the entire episode?
 That's amazing.
 That's pure QI, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 The premise is we all bring in our lunchboxes,
 and they have something in them based around garlic.
 And we don't know what they are until we open them.
 And sometimes--
 And often, Rosie's is something genuinely delicious,
 and then they've brought some kind of weird scientific angle
 that you wouldn't actually want to eat.
 From the 1,500s, yeah.
 Because Jack, when we were recording back in Covent Garden,
 Jack would always be sitting just outside the recording
 bit with the glass door.
 And I'd go out and be like, how you doing?
 And he's like, oh, I'm experimenting
 with eating one of each of these things for the entire year.
 What was that experiment that you were doing?
 I did try and avoid-- because wheat, rice, and maize
 constitute 50% of the global calories eaten.
 So I tried to go a week without eating any of them.
 That's probably what you're remembering.
 So I was eating a lot of quinoa and tida cereals,
 actually.
 You were doing a lot of weird experiments.
 So I just want to say to the listener,
 this is the real deal here.
 But yeah, we really love making it.
 And we'll keep cooking things, even in our own spare time,
 even if we turn the mics off.
 But we'll be chatting food at the office and meeting up
 with Rosie.
 Listen to them, chat food, lunchbox,
 envy, track it down.
 You know how to find a podcast.
 Do it.
 Thanks, Jack.
 And there's one all about bananas.
 Yep, that's one of the first few.
 But all those facts you just heard
 with the rubbish banana facts and the good banana facts
 are in that episode.
 Thanks for bringing the shit ones to our show, Jack.
 Appreciate it, Jack.
 Sloppy Seconds is a good title for a food podcast.
 OK.
 All right, now on that note, let's wrap up.
 We'll see you in a couple of weeks
 for another bonus episode.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
