 [music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 This is your bonus Monday episode where we put down our four favorite facts from the
 last seven days and we go through your favorite facts that you've submitted to podcast@qy.com
 Andy trolls through the email inbox he picks out the best choice selections and we bring
 them here so why don't we get into it who wants to start off?
 I'll start off. I'm James by the way. Nice to meet you.
 I have a fact from someone called Thomas Martin.
 That's a nice name. My name's Andy.
 He's mentioned you in the intro.
 Did he? Yeah.
 Well I feel like we're off the blocks.
 Well Thomas.
 Thomas Martin writes that the richest person in the world lives in Nottingham.
 Oh interesting.
 I catch chew trillian air.
 Nottingham was a big chew country wasn't it?
 Yeah that's not Fountain I think.
 Sorry. Nottingham has a goose there.
 Has caves?
 Oh yeah. Lots of caves in there.
 Caves. I'll say somebody's monetized caves.
 Dun any thoughts?
 Well I'm just seeking Robin Hood's from the area.
 Oh yeah.
 I mean imagine bumping into the richest man on earth on the road.
 That is a good payday.
 You could give it to the poorest man of the world.
 Yeah.
 Here's the thing though.
 I'm pretty sure Elon Musk is the richest person alive.
 So he must be from Nottingham.
 Is there's a clever riddle that Thomas has posted?
 His money is just on paper really.
 And in a way you could say that this person's money is just on paper as well.
 Because this person has got 63 quadrillion pounds.
 But they can only spend it in one particular coffee shop in Nottingham.
 Because someone gave them a gift card.
 And there was a little typo on the gift card and the £10 balance
 to this place called 200 degrees coffee actually came through as 63 quadrillion.
 That's really funny.
 That's really funny.
 And if you can spend it all in the coffee shop within a month,
 you get to keep everything.
 It's like Bruce's 63 quadrillion.
 Yeah, amazing.
 Oh that's so charming.
 I love it. I love those stories.
 I love them.
 Yeah. Do you remember the 6th of October 2016?
 Of course, the night of that.
 No, I just remember the daytime.
 Yeah, well probably when you were asleep because I'm talking midnight,
 everyone in the UK lost 10% of their worth.
 Oh, literally everyone.
 Is this like a gravity thing?
 No, what happened was around that time,
 François Hollande did a speech about Britain.
 And a lot of the transactions in the stock markets and in the financial markets
 are done by computers.
 And he did this and it triggered off a mini-cell-off of sterling.
 Right.
 And then the computers sort of saw that and then sold more and then sold more.
 And these programs all started selling loads of sterling.
 Then there was a second cell-off limit that was hit.
 And then even more started being sold.
 And then it all got fixed before we woke up in the morning.
 So within two minutes of this happening,
 8% of the value of sterling was wiped off.
 And then when the human traders caught up, they sort of fixed it all.
 So only if you've gone to a bureau de Change at midnight on that day
 and tried to change your pounds into euros, you could have had a problem.
 But for everyone else, it didn't make any difference at all.
 So funny.
 That's like a financial version of that film "Night at the Museum."
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 What happens in that?
 Well, everything goes crazy in the museum every night.
 Ben Stiller has to fix it all before the morning.
 Oh, and then does it get fixed?
 I see.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's like a financial version of The Simpsons, isn't it?
 Because whatever happens in The Simpsons, by the end of the episode,
 they're always back to normal.
 Right, okay.
 Can I just say, I'm staggered that one of us has not seen Night at the Museum, Dan.
 Well, I'm staggered you haven't seen Night at the Museum.
 No, I just didn't accept your premise that it was similar to this situation.
 It becomes a museum that is sentient.
 Everything is sentient all of sudden.
 Yeah, true.
 Money didn't become sentient.
 But then the markets traded by themselves.
 Uh-huh.
 So there is a little bit of sentience there.
 Okay.
 Well, that's still calling it more--
 Space Odyssey, you know?
 It's like it's a sentient AI, as opposed to a wax work of Roosevelt.
 This is why our film podcast didn't work, okay?
 I just want to say that.
 I'll do a fact.
 Yep.
 This is a fact about Canada.
 And it comes in from Martin Williams, good Canadian name.
 This is about Wood Buffalo National Park.
 It's the largest park in Canada, right?
 Do at night the Wooden Buffalo becomes sentient and run a mark.
 Very funny, okay?
 It's just about the size of this park.
 Okay.
 Some parks are big, right?
 Yeah, hide that.
 Hide park pretty big.
 This park is 44,000 square kilometres.
 It is bigger than Denmark.
 And if it became an independent nation,
 it would be the 130th largest country in the world.
 Right.
 Which I love.
 And Martin has done some more maths, which I respect.
 Sorry, point of order.
 Denmark on the Greenland.
 Yeah, Martin.
 So actually, Denmark is the largest country in Europe if you don't count.
 Russia.
 Really good point.
 Does it out in Greenland or was it one of those funny things where
 Greenland owns itself, but it's governed from--
 It's the other way around, so Denmark owns it, but Greenland governs itself.
 I understand.
 I understand.
 Okay.
 It's time we're recording.
 Of course.
 You have time we're recording.
 All right, well, I'll do the rest of Martin's email anyway,
 because it's brilliant.
 Collectively, the 39 National Parks and Reserves of Canada
 have an area of 343,000 square kilometres,
 larger than the Republic of the Congo,
 and over 40% larger than the entire UK.
 This was why my picnic failed in Canada,
 because I'd like to have eggs.
 I'll see you in the park.
 It's middle of the park here, yeah.
 So that's how big they are.
 Despite this, not one of them boasts a wait-rose
 or weather spoons location.
 I am aware of these chain institutions,
 almost exclusively due to your podcast,
 which mentions them curiously often.
 This is peaked by own curiosity.
 And should I ever travel to the UK,
 I will most assuredly visit a weather spoons.
 Okay.
 It is interesting that you can learn that quite a bit
 from our character probably by the various institutions
 that we mention on this show.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 And Martin says,
 the one who's already picked the weather spoons he'll go to,
 he says, "I'll go to the mechanical elephant
 "in Margate in the hope of bumping into Dan.
 "Hopefully, hopefully it looks better in person
 "than the photos of life."
 That's a bit unfair.
 I mean, sure.
 He hasn't combed his hair today, but...
 (laughing)
 I wonder what you say.
 I won't be in that one, obviously.
 I'm in Ramsgate at the far superior weather spoons.
 I don't want to give the impression, by the way,
 that I go to weather spoons.
 I've been to that one.
 There's nothing wrong with going to weather spoons.
 I don't want to be the weather spoons guy, though.
 It's you're not the weather spoons guy.
 You're the wife guy.
 You can't be bothered.
 (laughing)
 All right, let's move on to another one.
 This one has been sent in by Pete Serelle Cameron.
 He says, "I don't know if you have covered this before.
 "I don't think it's an outrageous fact,
 "but it's always tickled me that Oscar-nominated actor,
 "Michael B. Jordan's father,
 "is called Michael A. Jordan."
 (laughing)
 That's really good.
 I've never heard that before.
 That's really good.
 I try to look in more to see if there are
 any other initials that were in sequence.
 Well, there's Michael double A. Jordan,
 and there's Michael triple A. Jordan, who's half the size.
 Yes, yeah.
 Well, so his dad, Michael B. Jordan, is not an actor.
 He works as a supervisor at John F. Kennedy Airport.
 JFK, of course, son of J.E.K.
 No.
 No.
 Not true.
 Not true.
 Yeah, had me.
 He was JPK, his dad.
 And then weirdly, J.P.K.'s dad,
 was P.J.K.
 So that's a whole new game there.
 What is the piece, therefore?
 Well, you know, his Patrick, I believe.
 (laughing)
 Who knows?
 Who knows?
 But I'm going to say Patrick, okay.
 I believe.
 Okay.
 Yeah, just quite fun.
 I love that little bit of sequencing.
 Yeah, really nice.
 The only one that I thought of,
 which was another confusing version of that,
 is same first names.
 So you guys remember,
 Evelyn Wall, or Evelyn Wall,
 had a wife who was also called Evelyn.
 Yes.
 So the way that the friends distinguished them
 was he was Evelyn, and she was Evelyn.
 Okay, very nice.
 And they had a child called Evelyn.
 (laughing)
 Yes.
 Yeah, lovely fact, really good.
 Really great fact.
 Here's one from Tony Elquist,
 and Tony said around the year 1000,
 French peasant Lutard of Virtus
 was commanded by God to preach
 against certain practices of the church,
 including tithes, oaths, sacraments,
 and the veneration of the cross.
 Eventually, he was branded a heretic
 and killed himself by throwing himself in a well.
 The way God chose to communicate with him
 was via a swarm of bees,
 a swarm of bees that flew into his anus.
 (laughing)
 Well, don't know if anyone saw
 where that sentence was going.
 (laughing)
 I'm starting to see why he threw himself into a well.
 (laughing)
 I think the constant bees flying into your anus would be his--
 Actually, quite interestingly,
 the bees flew into his anus.
 (laughing)
 Yes, that is it.
 (laughing)
 So, sorry, did you say he was a saint?
 He was, no, he was a peasant.
 Okay, can we both?
 You can absolutely, many of the best ones.
 Yeah, we're both.
 But no, he was a heretic.
 Oh, sorry, okay.
 The church night, he was a heretic.
 So, I'm sure some people venerate him
 because that's a thing with heretics.
 Like usually, the majority of people don't like you,
 but there's usually a few.
 Like JD Vance.
 (laughing)
 Oh, he said he's a saint or a heretic.
 A heretic, I think.
 Okay, I believe.
 So, at that time, recording, he's beefing with the Pope
 about matters of Catholic theology.
 Like, that is honestly bringing a knife to a gun fight.
 It's not that the Pope would approve of either fight,
 but still.
 Um, no, so sorry, God communicated with this heretic
 by flying a swarm of bees up his bottom.
 That's according to Tony.
 Yeah.
 Amazing.
 What are the bees communicating?
 (imitating a swarm)
 Yes.
 Right, so it's like an alarm.
 Uh, hi, honey, I'm home.
 Yeah.
 In your ainus.
 It could have been worse.
 They could have communicated him with him through his nostril,
 which we know is the most painful place to be stung by a bee.
 Yeah, it's more painful.
 According to Schmidt.
 Yeah.
 In the Schmidt pain index.
 Yeah.
 Um, do you know, do you know what scaffers him is?
 Scaffers him.
 Is it a kind of heresy?
 Um, no, but it's something that could happen if you were heretical.
 Oh, okay.
 It was a...
 Yeah, method of execution.
 Oh, okay.
 And it was done by the Persians, according to Plutarch.
 And he described that the person who was to be killed
 was trapped between two boats, one on top of the other.
 So, like, you're inside an Easter egg kind of thing.
 And your heads and your limbs are sticking out,
 but they're covered in milk and honey.
 And you're basically eaten by insects.
 That's your punishment.
 Oh, we're dead.
 Death by insects, basically.
 Between two boats.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I didn't fully understand that.
 So, like, imagine two like row boats.
 Oh, row boats, yeah.
 Like, it's not two fairies.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So it's like one row boat on top of the other.
 So you have...
 Like an egg, yeah.
 Like an egg, yeah.
 I see.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Um, so yeah, but it was basically just a place to hold your body down
 while you had to stick your bits out.
 And then the insects would eat your bits.
 Crikey.
 That is fun.
 No fun being a heretic back in the day.
 No.
 You would say this has got to be the heretics era, really.
 Absolutely.
 Isn't it?
 Isn't there's never been a nicer time?
 It'd be quite funny to see an animation
 of, say, like Richard Dawkins being subjected
 to all the different ways that heretics were murdered
 back in the day.
 Wow.
 We're just to give us an idea of like what...
 He's living in a good time.
 He's able to go on stage and say these things.
 Yeah.
 A different time.
 He would have had...
 I didn't know that.
 Like, we didn't know that there was an option of death.
 Has he been cancelled Richard Dawkins?
 Not as far as I'm aware.
 No, no, no, no.
 Because that's the modern punishment of a heretic,
 isn't it?
 Food for thought.
 I'll take the cancellation, please.
 Over.
 I'll have the bees.
 You get the bees on the bun.
 You have to go in between two boats
 while insects eat your arms
 and you get a Netflix special.
 Here's a great one from Anna Lisa.
 With two eyes.
 Who...
 How many noses of mouths?
 Very strong.
 In the west coast of Estonia,
 we used to have about 10,000 Estonia Swedes living.
 They moved to what is now Estonia about 1,000 years ago
 and stayed rather insulated
 until the second one more, isolated, I suppose.
 But in the olden days, this is just a cool fact
 which Anna wants to let us know about a thing called hamfish,
 as she calls it.
 In the olden days, it was a tradition that every year
 after a girl was born, a smoked ham would be put away
 and stored for her wedding.
 So a few days before the big day, 20 or so well-aged
 hams would be available.
 And you'd then boil them to make them edible.
 And you'd have all your wedding, wedding hams.
 That's a really nice idea.
 Yeah, I think that's a really good idea.
 Hmm.
 Let's just put it in a little bit aside.
 It's like a bottom draw we would call it.
 It's like a junior riser.
 That's it.
 Yeah, a little bit like that, yeah.
 It's slightly more similar to miping
 where you literally put things away for the wedding.
 Yes, I see that.
 I do see that, yeah, yeah.
 But yeah, I like the analogy.
 And then we'll be government campaigns saying,
 you really should put hams away.
 You really should salt hams and store them
 for your daughter's eventual wedding.
 Nothing to know what about what the sun's got.
 I suppose if there's one wedding at this time,
 you've got half a ham.
 You've got half a ham, yeah, yeah.
 That's very good.
 That is very cool.
 I've got Andy.
 I'm sure we've said this before many times
 that you pick all these facts for us.
 Do you sort of curate what James and I get?
 I just don't know why you pick
 these particular themes for me sometimes.
 I'm really sorry.
 Well, there's Rob Walto sent in saying,
 you can absorb aspirin through your skin,
 which is why you shouldn't masturbate for too long
 with liniment.
 Thank you, Andy.
 What's liniment?
 liniment is, well, dand, there's all that.
 As it made from the willow tree,
 I think it must be a medical goo.
 I think it's a, yeah, it's getting heated as well.
 It's one of those heat liniments.
 Oh, dear.
 All like deep heat.
 Yeah.
 All crumbs.
 I believe so.
 Okay, well, we've got to take a reason.
 I mean, I haven't used it in quite a while.
 But not after that first time,
 but I think that was liniment.
 Yeah, okay.
 Okay, yeah.
 And then this other one sent in by John Turbot.
 Here's the headline from Scientific American.
 This may be the oldest butthole imprint on earth.
 Yeah.
 I'm just going to a lot of butthole masturbation stuff
 from you and my...
 James, help these up as Boston.
 I don't...
 No, it's fair enough.
 What I would say is, if I see a fact that's really good,
 but I don't want to read it out myself,
 I think I know, I know I'm Patsy.
 Can you tell us about the oldest bug?
 Yeah, this is actually very interesting.
 Thank you.
 You're welcome.
 So they discovered an animal squatting in the mud
 and it was preserved
 and it's the first time that they've seen this.
 Now, it's a cloaca, right?
 So it's the exit point of multiple different things.
 So they didn't find the animal.
 It's the oldest fossilized imprint of the bottle.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And it's around 299 million years ago
 that there was a volcanic eruption
 and this was buried in a patch of mud
 in what is today, central Germany.
 Yeah, so it's fossilized, the fossilized butthole imprint
 as scientific American puts it.
 Yeah, it's a...
 I do love that idea that we've got a more organized filing system
 for what we let out of our bodies.
 That's...
 What do you mean?
 Like, as it's birds,
 everything goes in and out of one hole,
 but we have a few different options.
 Exactly.
 We have a few different holes
 in which we allow the urine out or the poo out.
 Thank you, Professor.
 Yeah.
 I'm still reading the scientific American article here.
 What feels like progress is what you're saying.
 Yeah, I feel like I'm more organized
 than you guys say I am just by the nature of that.
 And I assume from how you are in your day-to-day working life
 that you were still rocking the cloaca.
 Just sort of thought,
 damn way they've got around to sorting this out yet.
 What a sort of like really posh schoolboy bird
 that would be a school.
 I honestly think you haven't even reached cloaca status.
 You're like a shipworm that only has one opening.
 So you...
 Everything goes in and out,
 including the food goes in,
 and the poo comes out,
 and the weed goes out,
 and the feeding happens all in one hole.
 What's going to work?
 I won't think of me.
 But you wish you'd been a bit nicer
 about my night at the museum analogy,
 now I think that was a really cool idea.
 Here's one from CCLAM.
 This is about a really interesting sounding place
 in Southern Utah, USA.
 My husband and I were visiting St. George, Utah,
 and I drove a rental car
 from Las Vegas up to meet him.
 And as I drove, I could see the gorgeous Virgin River,
 as it's called, as I crossed it on my way to Zion Country.
 I learned shortly afterwards that the Virgin River I crossed,
 that's his name, was named after a Mr Virgin,
 who was an early settler of the region.
 It's named after Thomas Virgin.
 19th century settler.
 That's very good.
 And that was one where you tried to trick us.
 Yeah, how do you go?
 You tried to slip it in.
 Did you do it?
 Unlike anyone did to Mr Virgin.
 Brilliant, super.
 While in St. George, we went to visit a fascinating dormant volcano
 in Snow Canyon State Park,
 named, of course, after Lorenzo and a raft of snow.
 No.
 Who were the early Mormon pioneers in the area?
 Ah, that's very good.
 Snow Canyon.
 Snow Canyon.
 Yeah, that's fine.
 It's fantastic.
 That's very good.
 Lovely, a lovely double tap there.
 Lovely, double tap.
 Well, hey, listen.
 Thank you, everyone, for sending in your facts.
 Please do keep them coming in podcast@ky.com.
 We love going through these and reading them out here.
 But before we wrap up the episode, one more thing to do,
 which is if you are part of the highest tier of club fish,
 which is our private members club on Patreon,
 it's called Friend of the Podcast, that tier,
 you will be eligible to become custodian of one of the facts
 from the 12-year history of fish.
 And so we've been going through the big long list,
 dishing them out, and we've got eight new custodians
 to give away today.
 Who wants to go first?
 I'll go first.
 This one goes out to Stuart Earl.
 I'm Stuart.
 Your fact is that the Statue of Liberty
 originally wore a headscarf.
 Yes.
 I think this was one of my facts.
 It was.
 Yeah.
 And I remember because I was looking at the Statue of Liberty's face
 before it was erected on top of the body.
 And I thought it looked exactly like Elvis Presley.
 So I started digging into it.
 How interesting.
 Was it based on the mother of Bertoldy or something?
 Yes.
 I think it was based on...
 How interesting that she looked like Elvis Presley.
 Yes, so that's interesting in her own right, isn't it?
 Anyway, I started looking into it and then there was this whole thing
 about Egyptology at the time.
 So I wanted to ridden a book about the sort of obsession
 with Egypt at the time.
 And it was just a fact within that.
 Interesting fact.
 Elvis Presley wore size 479 blue-sweighed shoes.
 Brilliant fact.
 We've got to explain that's the sandal size of the Statue of Liberty.
 And I'm also, I think I might have got the number wrong.
 But it was 800 and something.
 I think it was 879.
 I think you got that.
 I think I was that.
 Anyway, um...
 Shall I do one?
 Yeah.
 This one goes out to a llama.
 A polo mint takes 42 and a half minutes to dissolve
 if you stick it up your nose.
 Very good.
 We did this at a live show.
 Yeah, we did it.
 When I say we did this at a live show down,
 you I believe did it at a live show.
 You stuck a polo up your nose.
 Yes, because we were we were recording over an hour.
 So I thought, okay, this is interesting.
 It might be done by the time we finished.
 Not stink like Leninman's on the penis.
 Or a flock of bees up the bottom.
 Sorry.
 A flock.
 He's heard.
 Swarve swarve.
 Swarve.
 I was like, herding bees, you heard the old saying, guys.
 What happened?
 I can't remember.
 It didn't work.
 It didn't work.
 No.
 No.
 But there's, it came from a study because you need to know
 if things get stuck up children's noses.
 How long they have been up there.
 Yeah.
 Maybe they use polos because it's like, you know,
 boiled sugar basically.
 Right.
 So it will dissolve eventually.
 Yeah.
 Maybe you, maybe the pH in your nose is unusual in some way.
 Oh, interesting.
 Yeah.
 You've got an unusually mild nose.
 Well, right into scientists.
 Let's do another one.
 This is for Georgie the first.
 Georgie, your fact is now when you have a tattoo,
 lays it off.
 You end up pooping it out.
 Beautiful.
 You think it's Georgie L?
 Yeah, probably.
 Okay.
 Congratulations, your majesty.
 This was one of yours, Andy.
 This is quite a few sort of famous facts.
 All of famous.
 Yeah, I would say.
 It's good to know where all my tattoos have gone
 since I had the procedure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Is that the ink goes into your poo.
 It's not that the poo has a picture of...
 I'll show you.
 I'll show you.
 I'll show you.
 I'll show you.
 I'll show you.
 Whatever you might have tattooed on your body.
 I showed you that in confidence.
 And it was a different type.
 What was on the other bum-cheeker car remember?
 It was...
 It was Hugh Edwards, but the point...
 Oh, I bet you regretted getting Scott Mills on your penis.
 I bet you regretted getting Scott Mills on your penis.
 Yeah, no, that was...
 I was thrilled by that fact.
 It was a very funny fact.
 Yeah, very nice indeed.
 Okay, here is a fact that is now under the custodianship of Martin Nurtibum
 and Apologies Martin if I've mispronounced your name.
 But your fact is that the man who invented the airship, Alberto Santos Dumont,
 had dinner parties with ten-foot high chairs,
 so his guests could experience the joy of flight.
 Yes, fantastic.
 That was another old type.
 Out of Santos Dumont was such an amazing character.
 Yeah, he is brilliant.
 I saw, I went recently to the Science Museum
 and they've got one of the top floors is the flight thing
 and his name is all over it.
 They've got loads of his alien designs and things and yeah, it's really good.
 Is he...
 Is he the one or it was definitely in that era in Paris
 where they were like the only person who had a dirigible, like a hot, a balloon
 and they used to float from house to house and just sort of set outside your window going,
 "Ah, it's me!"
 It sounds really familiar.
 I think you're right.
 I think you're right.
 He did that, lovely.
 I remember years ago at the QI building, we organized a book event with Philippe Petit.
 He's the man who did the tightrope walk between the twin towers.
 And so I was there helping him set up and so on.
 And he sort of went, "Do you have a ladder?"
 And we're like, "You want a ladder?"
 And he likes to start all of his talks while perching at the top of a ladder
 to give you the sense of him maybe falling off.
 Wonderful.
 Just before the beginning of his talk.
 Wonderful.
 I don't know if he does it for all, but certainly that day.
 I have to go find the ladder.
 What a guy.
 Anyway, let's hear another fact.
 Here's another one.
 This one goes out to Rachel Robertson.
 Rachel, your fact is a new scientific study has concluded that there are too many scientific studies.
 I have vintage doubt phrasing there.
 And this would have been about 2017.
 And I guess they just...
 They stopped, didn't they?
 They stopped.
 Quite right.
 We've had enough of scientists.
 We've had enough of experts.
 Yeah, sort of time-wasting science studies, I suppose, is what they were concerned about.
 Yes.
 But is any study really a waste of time?
 No, you never know where the new breakthrough is going to come from.
 It might be something about, you know, how long does it take a tortoise to go around the lake or something.
 But you go, "No, like that could be the next."
 Exactly.
 Metasunglasses.
 Exactly.
 It's a pick one brilliant, brilliant invention.
 Let's do another fact.
 This is going out to Kathleen Frederick, speaking of tortoise studies.
 You should never pick up a desert tortoise in case it peas itself to death.
 Oh, yep.
 Good advice.
 I learned that when I went to Death Valley in America, because that's the rule.
 It might even say it on science or something, like don't pick them up.
 Really?
 Are they around the place?
 Did you see one there?
 I don't think I saw one.
 No, I think they're like to hide away.
 Oh, yeah, I'm sure they're pretty too secretive.
 Death Valley, of course, named after Ser Regional Death.
 Yes.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Thank you, Valley.
 Thank you, Valley.
 Brilliant.
 I'll do one more.
 This is a James fact, and it goes out to Renata Strasser, and it's that firefighters use wetter water than we do.
 Yeah, I love that.
 Yeah, that'd be great one.
 It's a really good one, because they put little, like little chains of something.
 Polymers.
 Polymers, that's what I was stretching for.
 And it just makes it more slippy, but it means that it goes through the pipes quicker,
 which means that when you fire it out, it goes quicker to the fire.
 It's stunning.
 That's fantastic.
 When you find that, it's one of those facts, when you find it out, you have to just, you have to know more.
 Yeah.
 It's great.
 I think we said at the time they keep slipping over on the extra wet water afterwards, which is quite funny.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so good.
 We do have one more fact to dish out.
 Okay, I'll do the last one for the day.
 And that is, oh, this is a very interesting one.
 So, Katie Baker-Smith, your fact is that plants have their own internet made of fungus.
 And I think what's interesting about this is that we did this fact quite soon after this was discovered.
 There was a few books that came out around the same time that talked about this mycelium network between trees.
 But I think in recent years, there's a suggestion that it's been overblown a little bit.
 Really?
 And the interesting thing is, because it's such a good idea, and like intuitively it sounds like, oh, this must happen.
 Right? And it tells you a lot about forests and whatever.
 It gets taught everywhere now.
 And if you go to it, lots of museums, they'll have like full areas that tell you about mycelium network and stuff like that.
 But actually, my understanding is it probably does happen to a certain extent that fungi help the trees.
 Yeah.
 But the idea that they all kind of talk to each other and stuff might be a little bit overblown.
 Right.
 So they still might have basic communication, but not to the point of, because they're saying stuff like they do, and we said online shopping to the point where they can distinguish between their relatives and they can make sure they're stealing from other competing plants and, and all that stuff.
 Online shopping, I guess they'd be using Amazon, which is of course a place where there are lots of trees.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 I think I was fine.
 Yeah, that's good.
 But yeah, I'm not sure.
 I know I have quite a few tabs open for a debunk of this with the idea of going into it on QI in the next couple of years.
 Oh, wow.
 That will be fascinating, because that's a good example of where we can learn how sometimes we overblow and pull that out.
 How did we overblow it?
 Because it's data that was showing what was happening.
 That's great.
 I'm excited about that.
 I could hear the keyboard tapping in the background, who you are asking for.
 Just a big one line.
 Yeah.
 And I'm going to be writing a pretty stiff complaint.
 Chat GP3.
 Oh, that's tough.
 Okay, congratulations to Katie, Renata, Kathleen, Rachel, Martin, your Royal Highness, Georgie I, or Georgie L.
 Alama and Stuart, you are now the custodians of those eight facts, as well as getting that you will have already received a digital certificate, which, oh, Andy, you've got a joke.
 You're looking curious.
 It's going to be better than Chat GP3.
 It's not.
 All right.
 Anyway, moving on, you will have received, as I say, a digital certificate.
 So if anyone wants one of those, they're very cool.
 You just need to go to patreon.com/clubfish, because clubfish, as we've said, is our private members club.
 So head there.
 And do please, as I said, keep submitting facts for this show.
 We love it.
 So podcast@ky.com, they all go to Andy.
 Otherwise, we'll just see you again on Friday with a big fish.
 So we'll catch you all then.
 But for now, for me, goodbye, James.
 I also say goodbye.
 Okay.
 And we'll see you next week.
 Sorry, Andy.
 I guess it's tree commas.
 Okay.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
