 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you from Orrenmore in Glasgow.
 My name is Dan Shriver and please welcome to stage
 its Anitazinski James Harkin and Andy Murray.
 (cheering and applause)
 And once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my fact, my fact this week is that in Utah,
 it is illegal to wear a hat in your driving license photo
 but you can wear a colander.
 (cheering and applause)
 Yeah, one of those pasta strainers, you can wear them.
 (laughing)
 Who's genuinely true and it obviously pisses off
 the authorities whenever someone says it's my right to
 and the reason they say it's their right to
 is they say they can do it on religious grounds.
 - Yeah, is it pasta fairy anism?
 - Pasta fairy anism.
 - Such strong name.
 - How many people know about pasta fairy anism?
 - How many people are pasta fairings?
 - I'm a minister.
 - Whoa, did someone just say you're a minister?
 - Oh no.
 - What?
 - If anyone would like to get married tonight.
 (laughing)
 Which you can do, can you do it here in Glasgow?
 Can you get married?
 - The legislation that brought in same sex marriages
 last year, part of that was to allow non-traditional
 religious groups to perform weddings well.
 I'm not quite sure.
 (laughing)
 - Wait, you're a minister mate.
 You should have that covered.
 - Dan, do you know, I'm a minister
 of the priest of the church of the latter day dude.
 - What?
 - What?
 - Yeah, I signed up online.
 (laughing)
 It's a very, very stringent thing you have to go through.
 You go onto their website, you put your email,
 it's basically signing up to a mailing list,
 but they say that then you're a minister in their church.
 - What do you get to do?
 Apparently it's something.
 - You get to dude.
 (laughing)
 Dude, dude, dude, you take this woman.
 (laughing)
 I dude.
 (laughing)
 - I don't think you're taking my religion.
 - Very serious, sorry.
 - Sorry.
 - So it's from a movie with the dude.
 I don't know what, I've never seen it in my bioski.
 - Oh my god.
 - Think of the bioski.
 - You never see, it's like, it's like a Jew
 hasn't read the Ten Commandments.
 (laughing)
 And when I signed up, I vowed to uphold the principles of dudeism
 to take it easy, to be easy going to everyone I meet
 and to keep my mind limber.
 And I had to promise that the ordination was for me
 and not for someone else or my dog or whatever.
 (laughing)
 - That's very cool, that's amazing.
 - Wow.
 - So what about paciferianism?
 What's that all about?
 - Well, it was started in 2005, wasn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - And it's people who are protesting against teaching,
 intelligent design in schools in America
 as an alternative to evolution.
 - And so they created their own kind of god,
 which was the spaghetti monster.
 (laughing)
 Yeah, and it's becoming, this is the thing,
 it's becoming quite a large religion
 to the point where people are ministers
 and are wearing calendars on their head
 because that's the religious headgear
 that they wear in the photos.
 And they even have now, it's gone so far
 that there are some people who aren't quite sure
 whether or not they believe in the flying spaghetti.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, there's spaghetti monster.
 - So, most paciferians believe that he's tomato based
 whereas others believe.
 (laughing)
 Whereas others believe that it is pesto or cream.
 (laughing)
 And they're called spagnostics.
 (laughing)
 - So I have a fact about things that are not hats.
 (laughing)
 I wanted to find out things that are not hats
 that have been used as hats.
 So I googled the phrase worn as a hat, specifically that.
 And it turned out that in 2002, a 17-year-old girl
 wore a chameleon as a hat through Manchester Airport
 and was stopped by the customs guys.
 (laughing)
 The telegraph said, "Despite its abilities,
 a camouflage itself by changing color."
 (laughing)
 But the chameleon attracted the attention
 of people with a luggage carousel.
 And she'd flown all the way from Dubai
 with this thing on her head.
 (laughing)
 And it was a very endangered species.
 So they took it off her and sent it to a safe house
 and eventually sent it back this way.
 - There's an Australian guy who once muggled a snake
 in his underpants to Bali.
 - Yeah.
 - On a plane, that's an early day.
 - Is that how you used to do this?
 (laughing)
 - Oh yeah, I might have misheard that story.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, no, okay, back to you.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - On wearing odd things on your head.
 - I wouldn't put a snake in my pants.
 - Sorry, sorry.
 - No, please, I think this is a fruitful thing to pursue.
 - I would probably put it in, you know,
 there's ice cream lolly containers.
 I'd put it in the ice cream lolly container
 and then I'd put the handle on, you know, the lid on.
 - Right.
 - I don't think anyone knows what you're talking about.
 - Guys.
 (laughing)
 You know when you're making a lolly
 and you pour the lolly stuff into the mold
 and then you put the mold in the freezer,
 I put it in one of those.
 - But that'd be quite a small snake.
 - Yeah.
 - You see my lolly mold.
 (laughing)
 - And that is not the first time I've heard you use
 that shelter one.
 (laughing)
 - And it won't be the last.
 (laughing)
 - So there's a guy in America
 - Yeah.
 - Who decided to wear a colander on his head
 for his gun license and the police took his guns away.
 (laughing)
 - That's what you have to do to get your guns taken away.
 (laughing)
 - He said I was told I was mentally competent
 and I've never misused my guns or intend to do so.
 So it's a real kick in the guts
 that if I was told that I was to go for another photo
 with a colander on my head,
 my guns will be taken away again.
 So apparently, if you wear a colander on your head
 for your gun license, they're gonna take it off you.
 And he said he's gonna wear his colander on his head
 for his driving license
 and he said what they're gonna do?
 Take my car away.
 (laughing)
 I think probably they will.
 (laughing)
 - I've read an account that it's someone in Russia
 got the first ever license.
 I think they were the fifth person worldwide
 to be officially allowed to wear a colander on their head
 because of this planx spaghetti monster.
 - Yeah.
 - But it said that this person, if he was driving,
 he had to be wearing the colander at all times.
 (laughing)
 Because you have to look like you do in your license.
 - I think he wore a knitted colander as well.
 - It hates it. - It's not an actual colander.
 It's just a knitted one.
 - On driving licenses,
 there's a guy called Jared Haiams
 who lives in Victorian Australia
 who's been fighting with authorities for five years now
 for the right to have a penis drawing as his signature.
 (laughing)
 - On his driving license.
 (laughing)
 - And he said this all started.
 He was registering for a change of electoral address
 and he thought this would be funny
 rather than sign it, I'm gonna draw a cartoon penis.
 Which is quite a good drawing of the cartoon penis actually.
 And he said, I was receiving letters and phone calls,
 telling me I couldn't have that as my signature.
 And I thought, that's interesting, why not?
 (laughing)
 - You don't have to, a signature doesn't have to be you
 writing your name, it just has to be a mark
 that you produce that can look the same every time.
 So if you can draw a consistent penis picture,
 that's your signature, I'm with him on this.
 - Well, I think he's getting away with it.
 I think it might be on his driving license thing now.
 - And I think he's been signing my front door.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - We need to move on fairly soon to the next fact.
 Anything else before we do?
 - There is a guy, there's a Swedish artist.
 I just love this guy, he's called Frederick Sacker
 and he painted the picture for his driving license, right?
 So he did a self-portrait because you have
 to submit a likeness and a photo,
 but it doesn't have to be a photo of you.
 It just has to be a photo that looks enough like you
 that if someone looked at it, they thought, oh, that's him.
 So he did a self-portrait, he took a photo of the self-portrait
 and he submitted it and the authorities said, fine.
 But they were very cool about it.
 They just said the picture we have received
 looks like any other photo,
 so we have had no reason to question it,
 and they'd let him do it.
 - I mean, they're accepting collenders and penises now,
 so I find that unsurprising.
 Can I just, there's a problem
 with driving license applications in the US.
 And this was raised by a woman in Florida last year,
 I think, when she'd had, she got her driving license renewed
 and she'd had it for a few months
 and she started noticing people were treating her a bit weirdly,
 so she tried to stay in a hotel
 and she couldn't stay there, they wouldn't let her stay.
 She went to Disney World and they said,
 I'm sorry, we can't let you park here,
 we can't let you come in.
 And eventually, someone checked her driving license
 and pointed out that they'd accidentally labeled her
 as a sexual predator rather than an organ donor.
 (audience laughing)
 - Whoa.
 - That's a different kind of organ, I think.
 (audience laughing)
 - But only those two boxes are just right next to each other.
 (audience laughing)
 - What box is that though?
 'Cause it's not like there's another interesting fact section
 on my driving license, there's no trivia bit on your passport,
 you know?
 - It's not like, as he says, lolly-mold-infusey act.
 (audience laughing)
 - Should we move on to our next fact?
 - Sure.
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Andy.
 - My fact is, there was a Victorian job
 that consisted solely of pushing people into the sea.
 (audience laughing)
 This was a real thing, these people were called dippers.
 (audience laughing)
 And so it's all to do with Victorian swimming etiquette,
 basically, so they were quite strict
 about segregating sexes for reasons of modesty and decency.
 You would have these people whose job it was
 to push you quickly into the water
 so that your modesty was preserved as a woman.
 I think it was mostly for female swimmers.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - So these bathing houses that they used to go into,
 that's the thing that got taken into the...
 - Yeah, so to go swimming,
 you had to go into a special cart on wheels,
 then they would take horses, attach them to the cart,
 the horses would drag the machine into the sea,
 you would change and then you would dive in off the end.
 - Yeah.
 - You would mostly go nude because,
 and I'm hoping that you guys can confirm this,
 swimming at the beach,
 and these big, laborious things with horses
 bringing you down there were invented
 before the swimming suit.
 So everyone went naked and they're like,
 how do we get around this naked thing?
 Let's build a massive house and then we'll get a horse
 and we'll bring it in, but it just didn't have swimming clothes.
 - I think they did have like woolen swimming suits,
 but they got quite heavy.
 - But everyone was drowning.
 - People did swim naked at the start of the Victorian period,
 but then about halfway through everyone,
 got a little bit prudish as we all know,
 and that's when they had these kind of houses and things,
 I think.
 - Yeah.
 - Because swimming in the Victorian era at first
 was really more for medical purposes
 than holidaying purposes, wasn't it?
 And so I think sometimes some people thought
 you had to be dipped in three times in and out,
 and it was quite important how quickly you got dipped in,
 how many times, and that could cure you
 of TB or flu or whatever you had.
 - Oh wow.
 - So yeah.
 - And they were really unpopular as well.
 People hated the differs.
 So somebody said they were the most horrid looking creatures
 I ever beheld.
 Good heavens to be dipped by one of them and sourced
 like a condemned puppy or kitten.
 (audience laughing)
 - I was looking into swimming around the world now,
 'cause I thought, oh, I wonder if different cultures
 have different ways of going to the beach,
 and if you're living China and you go to the beach,
 how would that be?
 In China, there's a big new fashion with swimming costumes,
 and I'd not heard of this, and maybe you all have,
 but called the face keeny.
 So it's basically, they wear what effectively
 is a nutcher Libre mask over their heads,
 because they don't want sun tans, it's a big kind of no-no
 though to have a sun tan.
 So they wear these, yeah, these Mexican wrestling masks,
 and they go to the beach.
 So if you go to the beach in China,
 it's just packed with wrestlers.
 (audience laughing)
 - If you wear one of those, can you go naked
 on the rest of your body?
 - 'Cause it doesn't matter, 'cause no one knows who you are.
 - So this is the thing, a lot of people do it now,
 it's not about the tan anymore.
 It's about an anonymous state at the beach.
 You can do whatever you want to hang out,
 and just go and do whatever you want,
 and no one will know who you are.
 - That's, they actually did that.
 Women used to wear masks in the 16th and 17th centuries,
 for exactly that reason.
 It was a fashion thing, so women of high society
 would go around in masks, and they'd often wear them in bed,
 and that was to stop your skin being exposed too much
 to sunlight and to stop yourself getting a tan,
 'cause it was unfashionable.
 - Wow.
 - Do you know, it was illegal to be topulous in America
 in the early 20th century, and people were arrested for it?
 - It was a man or woman.
 - It was a man, sorry.
 I didn't, how sexist am I?
 I just assumed by Tobias, I meant all men.
 Yeah, in 1935, 42 men were arrested for being topulous
 in Atlantic City, and people who were arresting them said,
 "We will have no gorillas on our beaches."
 And yeah, it was a thing, it was so very improper.
 - The man who invented the lava lamp was a nudist, wasn't he?
 - Yes.
 - Yeah, he used to make videos
 of women swimming underwater naked,
 and then presumably went from there to lava lamp.
 (audience laughing)
 - Obviously.
 - The logical joke, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Do you know what's happened to bathing machines today?
 Do you know what happened to them?
 - No.
 - They are now, they were repurposed into those bathing hubs
 that you get at the back of beaches,
 so they just took the, they wheeled them back off the beach
 as it came as people thought actually it's more sensible
 for us to wear us something costume.
 They wheeled them back to the back of the beach,
 they took the wheels off, and now that's why they're fashionable
 because bathing machines were transformed into that.
 - Oh, someone last year built a new bathing machine,
 incredibly exciting.
 This is the first one built for 100 years,
 is on the coast, somewhere, obviously.
 (audience laughing)
 I think it was in Margate, and he raised about 30,000 pounds
 on Kickstarter, and it's really cool.
 It features one of the little special features
 that you used to get on bathing machines,
 but it was a modesty hood,
 which is this little canvas tent,
 and basically the end that's facing the sea,
 you kind of lower this canvas hood,
 almost all the way to the water,
 so that you can have even more privacy to get in.
 - That specific awning was invented by a guy called Benjamin Beale,
 and he's often given credit for inventing the entire concept
 of the beach house, the bathing house,
 but all he did was the awning,
 and he just got all the credit.
 - That is outrageous.
 I'm so glad that you are rewriting everyone's assumptions
 about this guy.
 (audience laughing)
 I'm glad we've rited that wrong.
 (audience laughing)
 - I know you're an asshole.
 (audience laughing)
 - Come on, Benjamin Beale.
 (audience laughing)
 - I was reading about, there's a,
 'cause obviously people love swimming,
 and there's a lot of beautiful places in the UK to go swimming.
 There's one absolute,
 if you look at photos of this place,
 absolutely beautiful, and it's called The Lagoon of Bucsden.
 Absolutely stunning, but it's really toxic.
 It's really dangerous, and so they're doing everything they can
 to stop people from swimming in it,
 but because it looks so beautiful,
 people just ignore the signs and keep going in.
 So one sign that's up there, it says warning,
 do not enter water, due to high pH levels.
 This can cause skin and eye rotation, stomach problems,
 fungal infections, such as thrush.
 It says that inside there are car wrecks,
 dead animals, excrement, rubbed,
 and still people keep going in.
 They keep going into a swim, and they're getting quite ill.
 So what they've had to do in the end,
 they've had to die the lagoon black,
 so that people now go, oh, that looks disgusting.
 So they've altered a beautiful place or a beautiful place.
 I wonder why, how beautiful it can be.
 Well, it's full of car wrecks and car experiments.
 Oh, look at that.
 Beautiful, turd floating by.
 Ah, the serenity.
 There are swimming pools in New Zealand,
 which are being terrorised by mystery poors.
 And this is in it.
 Terror, right.
 This is terrorism in New Zealand.
 Yeah, there's a swimming pool.
 One is in a place called Middle March,
 but there are a couple who've experienced it,
 and there were three feces incidents in a week,
 so they think it was deliberate.
 There was one incident where this was in a invacargue
 splash palace pool, so avoid that.
 Where there was a view.
 No, it sounds beautiful.
 No, James, I went and I got thrushed.
 Yeah, so this place is full of shit
 and Andy's vaginal infections.
 Well, it said there was a large amount of human waste
 deposited into the deep end, so everyone was evacuated
 and moved to the learner's pool,
 and then they were evacuated from that
 when it was discovered that the learner's pool was also full of feces.
 All right, let's move on to our next fact.
 OK, it's time for fact number.
 It's time for fact number three, and that is Chisinski.
 Yes, my fact is that desperate Dan stopped eating cow pie
 because of mad cow disease.
 He gave up cow pie, which is his favorite food.
 So that was really sad.
 Yeah, I think it was in 1996, and source is very,
 and I can't find the original comic strips,
 but I think he started eating aunt Aggie's vegetable
 and fish options as a replacement.
 The cow pie's E.A., so the thing with mad cow disease or C.J.D.
 is that the danger was eating strange bits of a cow, wasn't it?
 And desperate Dan did used to eat the whole cow,
 because they had the horn sticking out and the tail sticking out.
 So I would say if anyone was in danger of contracting it,
 it was probably him.
 We should say, for listeners overseas and things like that,
 who desperate Dan is, just in case people get noticed.
 So Britain's two biggest comics, ever,
 called the Bino and the Dandy, and the Dandy star,
 the cover star, desperate Dan, who was a cowboy,
 and he was this huge guy, and it did amazing things.
 He had to shave with a blowtorch, because he was so tough.
 And he parted his hair by firing a pistol through it.
 And it's just one of this amazing tradition
 of really, really great comics and really imaginative things.
 I read these when I was a boy, and that's very good.
 He used to smoke through a drain pipe.
 He used to use a drain pipe as a cigarette or a pipe, I think, didn't he?
 And it was a dustbin full of rubbish at the end of it,
 which I think he lit and smokes.
 He was pretty hardcore.
 He was.
 He had a gun.
 He had to give that up as well in the '90s or the '80s
 for political correctness.
 Gone mad.
 So I don't know how he parted his hair after that.
 Maybe he went for--
 I think he had a water pistol after that.
 OK, yeah, that's intense.
 He sounds a lot better than the guy who
 was in the first episode of the Bino called Hairy Dan.
 And Hairy Dan was an old man whose long white beard usually
 saved the day.
 And in the first episode, he used his beard as a sail to win a boat race.
 And you could rescue children from down wells?
 I'm sure he did.
 I think I can see why Dennis the Menace took his top spot after a short while.
 Those are amazing factors, and they're about Dennis the Menace,
 which is that they-- so there were two Dennis the Menace's.
 One is an American version, and then one is the British version.
 And they were both created in the same year,
 independent of each other.
 They had no idea that they were being published.
 They both had the red and black costume.
 They both were called Dennis the Menace.
 I think it might have even been in the same week.
 I think it was the same week, really, really.
 And it's often used by people trying
 to explain coincidences and why they're not surprising
 that you, in a world where infinite things can happen,
 you expect the old coincidences.
 So actually, when we discovered that, we should have gone,
 well, yeah, obviously, mad things will happen.
 Yes.
 And just move on.
 It's not amazing at all, in fact.
 The other argument about that is that ideas have a time.
 So maybe there was some other children with spike hair
 in some other cartoon, and other people with red and black,
 and other people called Dennis.
 And the same thing came with calculus, when Liebnitz,
 and Newton all came up with it at the same time.
 It almost did exactly the same time.
 And it's like, well, was it a weird coincidence?
 Or was it just the time for that areas to come up?
 Yeah.
 Dennis the Menace's dad now has spike hair.
 In fact, the Bino did an extremely exciting reveal
 a few years ago, which was that they showed
 on one of the bits of comic strip, a photograph
 of Dennis the Menace from the '80s.
 And they had Dennis' dad saying, look, that's a picture of me.
 So it transpires that Dennis the Menace is actually now.
 Dennis is dad.
 Oh, I don't know when the switch happens.
 Wait, they used a photo of Dennis the Menace from the '80s.
 Dennis's dad said that used to be me.
 Yeah, there's no plotline where Dennis grows up in the '90s,
 and that's just father's son.
 That's like, that is stupid.
 I'm so angry here.
 Anyway, he's changed his hairstyle, Dennis the Menace's dad,
 so they've tried to upgrade the Bino to make it more realistic.
 And the case is now that we live in a happier time
 where parents don't all abuse their children
 and kids don't all hate their parents.
 And so Dennis's dad is now, yeah, spiky hair,
 and he's a bit cool and groovy.
 He's a little bit like, I used to be a rebel too.
 Yeah.
 Is there an authority figure who's still the enemy, though?
 Because that was always the thing.
 It was always Anarchy, you know, the Batch Street kids,
 or the like, "Teach was the enemy."
 I think the teachers are still quite bad, but...
 This is called the guy who draws the Batch Street kids.
 This is a niche fact now for people who are at the beach.
 He's called David Sutherland.
 And here's drawn that comic strip since 1962.
 Wow.
 53 years.
 He's drawn over 2,000 of them.
 Well, here's a weird one as well.
 Neil Tennant of the Pet Shop Boys.
 So the lead singer of the Pet Shop Boys
 between 1975 and 1977, he worked as an editor for Marvel UK.
 So his job was to anglicise all the things
 that were Americanized in the original comic.
 And his main job was to look at all the points of, say,
 like, cleavage or two short skirts, pointed out,
 and then they had to draw over the cleavage and readdress it,
 because we had different indecency laws over here.
 Really?
 So the poor Pet Shop Boys, he was stopping cleavage
 from getting into the comic books of...
 There was a big thing in America in the...
 Where was it?
 It was in the '50s, '50s and '60s, where they had a censorship of comics.
 They might have even banned it, banned them for a while,
 but they definitely censored them.
 And there was a guy called Frederick Wurton,
 who wrote a pamphlet called "Ceduction of the Innocents"
 where he complained about all these comics
 and what they were doing to children.
 And he said that Batman and Robin were obviously homosexual.
 And Porkey Pig was an open invitation to Buggery.
 LAUGHTER
 Now, I have never got that from the cartoons.
 What was this man's name?
 He was called Frederick Wurton.
 And he was as my contestant, so he should know, actually.
 OK, well, I think there might have been a little bit more going on in the Wurton brain.
 Just on that subject, though, with Porkey Pig,
 there's a very big porn website in America called "PornHub"
 and they recently looked into the analytics of the most search for words.
 Within people go on, they put in a word like "Milf"
 was a massive one in a lot of American states, stuff like that.
 They found that in Nebraska, Arkansas, and Tennessee,
 the number one search term was "Cartoon".
 Another fact, in South London, it was lollimold.
 LAUGHTER
 What were on this?
 LAUGHTER
 I read a list of characters in the Bino.
 OK.
 And they included "Little Dead Eye Dick", "Deep Down Daddy Neptune",
 "Cocky Dick", "Wondering Willie", "Sticky Willie",
 and "Polly Wodley Doodle" and "Her Great Big Poodle".
 So every single one of those is an invitation to Bugery.
 If Frederick had been around.
 Open. Not a private invitation to Bugery.
 It's on the billboard, it's at your turn.
 On Facebook, it is, this is an open event.
 Do you guys know what the world's first comic strip is?
 Bio-tapestry.
 That's very funny.
 A lot of good comedy in there, if you want to see it.
 No, I think so.
 I think Rusty and me, a comic strip is a series of cartoons
 that are sent out to people's homes.
 So the beer tapestry was just in one place.
 You didn't receive it through the letterbox.
 So, which have speech bubbles and people talking.
 And the first one was made in Glasgow.
 And it was the Glasgow-- well done.
 It was the Glasgow-looking glass.
 And it was in the-- in 1825, it had its first issue.
 And the first comic strip in it was called "The History of the Coat."
 And it was--
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was the adventures of a coat going from one owner to the next.
 That's a pretty good one.
 That's really cool.
 Kind of cool, yeah.
 And also, it had a lot of heart-hitting sati.
 It had a lot of bitching about the English in it.
 Even though it was set up by a English guy who'd had to flee London
 because he was in so much debt.
 So he went to Scotland and was obviously like, OK, cool.
 I like these guys.
 He made a comic strip, which partly bitched about the English.
 And then he racked up so much gambling and drinking debts in Scotland
 that he had to flee again back to England.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And so it stopped.
 Do you know who invented the speech bubble?
 Oh, controversial.
 I've got a theory.
 What's yours?
 My theory is that it's 650 BC.
 And it was the Meso-Americans, early central American people.
 Are they of super fame?
 Or is that--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Have I pronounced that right just in case we get letters?
 It doesn't mess up.
 All right.
 I don't think any of them are going to write to you now, Andy.
 But they have little speech bubble.
 They have drawings of people.
 And they have these tiny little sort of arrows
 showing that, like, to a dagger drawing.
 And it shows that people are slacking each other off in the drawings.
 Yeah.
 And that is a speech bubble that's sort of signifying abuse.
 And do you agree with that, Anna?
 I do agree with that, probably, yes.
 You know, super-ted.
 You know that his first language is not, in fact, English.
 It's Welsh.
 Yeah, really.
 Super-ted's first language as well.
 So it's a Welsh cartoon.
 And when it first went out, it was in Welsh.
 And they just dubbed it into English.
 We should move on soon.
 Have you guys got anything else before we do?
 I quite liked the quote from you and Kerr,
 who was a--
 I can't talk about it.
 You won Kerr.
 Poor you, Anna.
 [APPLAUSE]
 How did I not see that?
 I'm not really doing my job properly.
 I wrote down the name You and Kerr.
 I did the notice.
 I'm so embarrassed.
 Yeah, so Youwanker is a top guy at DC.
 Thompson, which makes the vino and the dandy.
 And he was-- there's an interview with him
 semi-bemoning how they've had to go a bit politically correct.
 So corporal punishment, smoking, and racial stereotypes
 are now taboo.
 It does limit us in a way.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But we get to be slightly ruder than in the old days.
 A bit more bodily functions instead.
 We know that's what the kids laugh at now.
 Those stupid kids, not laughing at the racial stereotypes anymore.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Let's move on to our final fact of the night.
 And that is James Harkin.
 OK, my fact this week is that the oldest sperm is worm sperm.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Mostly because I just like the cadence of it.
 But we found some 50 million-year-old sperm cells.
 No, ask them what we ask.
 You leave us out of it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I was swimming in bookstore.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We have 50 million-year-old sperm cells.
 And they have been found in an Antarctic worm.
 And they were in a fossilized cocoon.
 Because normally sperm cells are so small and delicate,
 they normally die, and they don't get fossilized.
 But these ones did get fossilized.
 And they're the oldest ones that we have.
 And they're from worms.
 50 million years.
 Did you know that sperm had evolved at that point?
 Or is this the first proof we've had that it did evolve there?
 I don't know about that, actually.
 But yeah, I suppose there was no evidence
 that they'd evolved at that stage.
 It kind of been.
 Does it still function?
 [LAUGHTER]
 There is a sperm that's worked after 23 years, I think.
 So the world's oldest baby is 23 years old.
 This is an Australian guy who got quite ill.
 And he was, I think, 15 years old at the time.
 And he decided to save his sperm before he was going
 to have some kind of operation.
 He survived his problem.
 He grew old.
 He got married.
 And then I think the operation that he needed at the point
 meant that he could no longer produce sperm.
 So he had this sitting there from all those years ago.
 And they used that, and it worked.
 And so he has a kid from his sperm from when he was 15.
 It was like frozen in a lab.
 It wasn't just sitting there.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because you have to freeze it properly, don't you?
 You have to freeze it at a really low temperature.
 Freeze the temperature will not do.
 Yes.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's a man who spends a lot of his time, apparently.
 They're refrigerated, yeah.
 Thinking-- I'm now thinking that lollimold sounds
 like a disease.
 It's the touch of lollimold, anyway.
 And there are sperm smugglers as well who are freezing sperm.
 Smuggling-- smuggling is happening in--
 not spuggling.
 That's what they should call it.
 Is they should call it spuggling or something, yeah?
 So what's with people smuggling sperm?
 Yeah.
 Boltzperman.
 Boltzperman.
 No, this is in prisons.
 So people who are in prison who aren't allowed
 to have contact with their wives are smuggling sperm.
 So there's a baby who was born to Regina Granato in America
 in 1999, even though her husband had been in prison since 1987.
 He was a gang leader gangster.
 And yeah, this baby was born because she'd
 smuggled in a cryogenic sperm freezing kit and given it to him
 and then he'd spermed into it.
 And then she'd give it up.
 She'd spermed into it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, that's the verb, that's the verb.
 That's what you do.
 But she smuggled it in because they're not allowed
 to touch each other.
 So she smuggled in the kit.
 The only people who the prisoners are allowed to touch in--
 I think it's in Pennsylvania--
 people under the age of eight who are allowed
 to give their parents a hug.
 So she brought her husband's nephew in
 and gave him the cryogenic sperm freezing kit
 so that he could hug his uncle and his uncle could slip the kit
 out from his coat pocket.
 I was Googling worm and sperm.
 There's a lot of amazing things, but they're so disgusting.
 This is a really hard topic to talk about because--
 OK, so for example, there's a type of worm, a female worm,
 that when after she's been spermed into--
 [LAUGHTER]
 --she can then decide that she doesn't like the sperm.
 So then she puts her face into it and sucks out the sperm
 and just spits it away.
 So--
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Is there a kind of worm?
 This is a kind of worm.
 Yeah.
 So this worm does it.
 It just goes, no, I'm not having that.
 And goes in, takes, sucks it out.
 And so it's got to the point where the sperm--
 I think has evolved now to be a bit savvy to it.
 So it has this little clinging stuff inside.
 So actually, it's like you need to properly suck.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because it's hanging on.
 Because that's amazing.
 Yeah.
 It's like an arms race between the two sexes in the species.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, because the scaly cricket--
 I think the male scaly cricket has to copulate constantly.
 It can copulate more than 50 times in three hours or something.
 Because the female scaly cricket, for some evolutionary reason,
 that's beyond us, her response when he does copulate into her
 is to take it out immediate and eat the sperm.
 So it's very rare he's slipped on through.
 She thinks he'll be feeding her.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I found a flatworm and buckle up, guys.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's called macrostomum hysterics, right?
 And if it is lonely, and if it can't find a mate,
 they're all hemaphrodites.
 So they have both kinds of genitalia.
 If it's lonely, it can stab itself
 in the head with the sperm-filled hypodermic needle
 to inseminate itself.
 We've never seen it doing it.
 But scientists left certain worms on their own,
 and they then came back later and they found,
 oh, they've got a lot of sperm in their head.
 But how did it get there?
 And these worms had injected themselves
 because they can fertilize themselves
 using both bits of genitalia.
 And yeah, and they hatched, and they had hatchlings.
 They call that "selfing."
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 Do they have selfing sticks?
 [LAUGHTER]
 There is a ground louse that reproduces
 by slapping one giant sperm onto a female's back.
 And its Latin name is "Zorotipus impoliteus."
 You know, larger animals tend to have smaller sperm.
 That's the way I think the study was done
 on this really recently to try and work out why.
 And it's quite interesting.
 So fruit fly sperm is the largest sperm in nature,
 I think.
 Elephant sperm are very small.
 So I think a fruit fly sperm is about 1,000 times bigger
 than an elephant sperm off the top of my head.
 Something like that.
 And it's because, if you're a big animal,
 then the sperm have further to swim.
 And so in order for them to have a chance to succeed,
 you've got to produce more of them
 to make it more likely that one of them
 is going to finally get to the egg.
 And if you produce more of them,
 it takes up more energy so you can't make them as big.
 Whereas if you're a little fruit fly,
 it's like the sperm, it's easy.
 It's about about a centimeter to go.
 And so you can produce a few giant sperm.
 No one, people who are more attractive men wise, have worse sperm.
 So men who are attractive to women
 tend to be men with deeper voices
 who are a bit more manly, who evolution has told us
 we should be attracted to because they've got more testosterone.
 But actually, it's a trade-off.
 So if you fed all your testosterone
 to building yourself ridiculously large biceps
 or penis or whatever, then you have less wealthy sperm.
 Have you seen that room in the gym?
 LAUGHTER
 I assume that's what they were doing.
 LAUGHTER
 So yeah, keep going.
 That's it, so there's too much testosterone going
 to making lifting weights with your penis or whatever.
 So it's...
 You don't have enough leftos to make healthier sperm.
 I find that really surprising.
 I can't believe that testosterone is spent on attractiveness,
 in that sense.
 Well, I suppose if you're spending on attractiveness,
 then you're going to attract more mates.
 And so there's a higher likelihood
 that you'll be able to fertilise one of them.
 So it's almost like, "Okay, well, never mind
 "the less attractive people will give you some better sperm instead,
 "so that the one mate you finally do manage just as you use.
 "You've got a higher chance."
 You leave my wife out of this.
 LAUGHTER
 Well, goodness, why haven't we learnt to lie to you?
 LAUGHTER
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said,
 please don't in this particular episode.
 LAUGHTER
 We can be found on Twitter.
 I'm at @Sriberland, James.
 @EggShaped.
 Andy. @LollyMoldLover.
 LAUGHTER
 @EggSimsky.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to no such thing as a fish.com,
 all of our previous episodes are there.
 Thank you so much for listening at home.
 Glad to go. That was awesome.
 Thank you so much, Andy.
 LAUGHTER
 We'll see you in the next video.
 CHEERING
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 LAUGHTER
 LAUGHTER
 LAUGHTER
 LAUGHTER
 LAUGHTER
 LAUGHTER
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
