 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, where we were
 joined by the absolutely brilliant science communicator Greg Futt.
 Now I have no Greg for many, many years.
 He is really, I would say, one of the UK's premier fat checkers.
 If you listen to BBC Radio 4, you might know him from the show Sliced Bread, where he
 looks at different products and claims and sees whether the science backs them up or not.
 But he has a brand new podcast, it's very exciting, it's called The Baby Fact Check.
 And it is something that I really wish I had about three years ago, when I had a very
 young baby because Greg is a new father himself, congratulations to him and his partner.
 And they have realised that there is so much information out there, so many claims from
 companies from the internet and Greg has decided to use his many, many skills to work out
 which of these claims are true and which of them are false.
 It's such a great idea and he has done it absolutely brilliantly.
 So if you want to listen to that, then go to The Baby Fact Check, wherever you get your
 podcast and in fact at The Baby Fact Check is the place to go on Instagram to learn more.
 And if you want to know more about Greg in general, then go to Greg Futt, that's giregfwt.com
 and everything will be on there, on with the podcast.
 No, not on with the podcast.
 Hi James.
 Hi.
 We have more news, one more exciting announcement we are doing, a little run of live shows this
 summer.
 We're going to the Royal Institution, 'Tenorable Home of Science' and now us, temporarily.
 We're going to be in the lecture theatre.
 It's an amazing thing.
 We did a show last year there and it was so much fun.
 It's such an amazing, historic, wonderful venue.
 It's where the Royal Institution Christmas Lectures are and we are going to be there.
 On the 21st, 20 second, 23rd and 25th of July, they're all at 7.30pm, the one of the 21st
 is going to be live streamed and available on catch up for two weeks.
 So please, come on down, come and see us, ruin the home of science and its reputation
 with our stupid jokes.
 If you want to get tickets, you can go to no such thing as a fish.com/ri-summer.
 Okay.
 Come and see the show.
 Come and see us.
 Can I do one with the podcast now?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Oh, with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish coming to you from the
 QI offices in Hoban.
 My name's Andrew Hunter Murray and I'm here with James Harkin, Anna Tijinsky and Greg
 Foot.
 Hello.
 We've gathered around the microphones with our four favourite facts from the last seven
 days.
 So in no particular order, here we go, starting with fact number one, that is Greg.
 Tests have shown that a Volvo 240 used to be the best car with the right vibrations to calm
 down a crying baby.
 Wow.
 I was told this by one of the UK's leading infant crying academics by now.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 They're leading infant crying academics.
 It goes to all the annual crying conferences he was telling me to say, wait a little time
 but that feels too soon for us.
 Oh, I love that.
 You've come to the right place for jokes like that.
 That is amazing.
 I think remembering back where I was three or four years ago when my baby was very young.
 If I heard this, I'd be straight onto auto car and by myself a Volvo 240.
 Except you said used to have babies changed or have Volvo's changed.
 Well, I was picturing the Volvo's at that big old boxy car in the different late 70s, early
 90s.
 I think cars have got quieter.
 I see.
 I think they probably dampened their vibrations a little bit more as well, so yeah.
 So James needs to go second hand.
 Do babies have a bigger carbon footprint than the rest of us because they're driving around
 to these massive Volvo's?
 Babies do have a big carbon footprint than they like and the household pets as well.
 They say that those are two big changes you can make in your life that's going to massively
 increase your carbon footprint.
 Feed the dog to the baby.
 So that's glad you went that way around.
 This is really, so I didn't know about Volvo's in particular, but I knew that vibrations help
 babies stop crying.
 And Honda announced in 2022, the big Japanese car giant, they had developed a car specifically
 to stop babies crying.
 Yeah, but it was a small plush toy car, which recreates the sound of the womb.
 Yeah, so I think that's what it comes down to.
 I was reading some science papers about it.
 Firstly, they call this rhythmic vestibular stimulation, which I think is what got us into
 this problem in the first place.
 But it's all about the motion and the sound, supposedly being similar to what's in the
 womb.
 Maybe this kind of the sound acting as white noise as well and kind of calm the baby down.
 White noise is really interesting.
 I read about the first ever white noise machine.
 I don't know if you guys found this.
 No.
 It was static on a wireless.
 It's older.
 It's older.
 Do you want to guess?
 I don't know.
 It's an ancient Egyptian.
 Oh, it's disgusting.
 Look at you.
 You always should have done that.
 Pre-sumerian linearity.
 It's got talent.
 It's definitely earlier than you might think.
 It's from 1667.
 And the first person to ever use a white noise machine was Pope Clement IX.
 And he's suffered from bad insomnia.
 And so he commissioned an architect called Gian Lorenzo Bernini to come up with some
 way of helping him sleep.
 And it was well known at the time that like flowing water could help you sleep.
 And so Bernini came up with this machine, which had a rotating wheel, collected some paper,
 and it would just make this white noise.
 And it worked.
 And the Pope slept like a baby.
 That's what they do look like babies, don't they, most popes?
 So maybe that was one of them.
 That's one of them.
 Being the Pope used to be the absolute sweetest gig in the whole world, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 If the modern Pope commissioned an architect to build a machine to help him sleep, everyone
 would say you've lost touch with the people.
 But back then, I mean, he does live in an enormous gold palace, which is decorated by the greatest
 artist of all time.
 Yeah, but he didn't.
 Let's hand me down.
 Let's hand me down.
 Yeah.
 They got it all vented.
 So I've also been chatting to various sleep experts recently, and one I spoke to about white
 noise.
 And they said, look, white noise can help mask noises in the house, dog barking, doorbells
 going that sort of thing, bit of advice, if you are going to use white noise around your
 baby, don't make it too loud, don't put it too close to the baby's cot.
 But then I had this really interesting chat with Professor Ellen Boyle, who's the director
 of the Durham University Sleep Lab.
 And she was saying, should we really be encouraging babies to sleep more deeply and for longer, because
 actually you need them to stay aroused, and you don't want to blunt that arousal with
 something like white noise.
 On the other hand, if the babies are asleep, you can sleep.
 Yeah.
 That is exactly it.
 This is a huge problem I have with all parenting advice, is it's very, it's very baby-focused.
 Especially with babies waking up, you know, so many people online are like, oh, teaching
 a baby to sleep with the night, it's actually quite unnatural, it's quite normal, and don't
 worry, it's healthy for your baby to be waking up every hour, it's, I don't give a shit.
 It's not healthy for me.
 And actually, for the whole family, it's less healthy if the parents aren't fresh,
 right?
 Yeah.
 I mean, there's definitely a question there.
 So, what baby you need and what you need?
 Yeah.
 Well, I've shown you what side I'm on.
 Well, you know, there were some advice for babies that would have worked for you as well,
 Anna, because it does seem like, in the medieval times, a lot of babies would drink wine.
 And in quite decent quantities as well.
 So there was a physician called Baphala Meas Cherumullah, who was asked, what should you
 do if you can't get your baby to stop drinking wine?
 Well, he said if you cannot get the child off wine, referring to red wine, then give it
 white wine, well done, and that will ween it off the red wine.
 And doesn't stay in their teeth as well, you know?
 They don't have teeth, they don't have teeth.
 So it was diluted, but I mean, still, probably not best practice.
 Well, I think so.
 No, no, no.
 Yeah, colic drops.
 They used to be alcoholic.
 What was that?
 Colic drops used to be alcoholic.
 So colic is basically just a catch-all term for uncontrollable crying, lots of crying.
 Yeah.
 And you used to get these drops that would help them, and they would have alcohol, but also
 opium sometimes, I think.
 Yeah.
 It does affect.
 It does affect.
 There was something called Mrs. Winslow Soothing Syrup, which was basically morphine.
 But in the Ebers Papyrus, which is one of the oldest papyruses from Ancient Egypt, that
 we have about medicine and stuff, they do say that you should prevent the excessive crying
 of children by giving them opium.
 Wow.
 All of this would have been extremely effective.
 You can't deny it.
 And definitely not saying we should do it, but it would have worked.
 It's a bad idea.
 Yeah.
 It would have worked.
 Yeah.
 Who do you think is better at distinct?
 This is going to be a biased sample, but distinguishing their own baby's cries from
 other babies, our mothers and fathers.
 I'm going to assume mothers evolutionarily.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It is quite notable when you hear even like as older children, when they're all playing
 a load of them and your child cries, you can kind of know sick, aren't you?
 Well, there you go.
 And you're not a mother, are you?
 No.
 Well, there you go.
 So that's two theories exploded in James' last point.
 So it's not mothers particularly.
 It's just that mothers have always historically and studies been better at distinguishing their
 babies crying and much better because they've always spent more time with their babies.
 But if you do control studies, then it's just about how much time you spend with a kid.
 And so that's changing a lot.
 And actually, it doesn't even have to be your child.
 They ran a study where non-parents were trained to identify a specific baby's cry here
 at a few times and then have to pick it out of a bunch of other cries that weren't that
 baby.
 And they were as good as the parents are doing it.
 Talking baby cries, have you heard that whole thing about how you can tell from the
 cry what is up with the baby?
 Like, this is called the Dunstan Baby Language.
 And the idea is that there was particular cries for hunger.
 I'm sleepy.
 I'm gassy.
 Lower gas or upper gas.
 Wow.
 Different cry.
 And it was a big thing.
 I came across this because of social media.
 It was a clip from Oprah many years ago and this lady was on there explaining these cries.
 And I watched it.
 And I was like, that's totally it.
 My baby's doing that.
 I've totally got it.
 And I became this like baby cry detective for the next week trying to figure it out.
 And then I spoke to the experts and the expert was like, nope.
 Oh, great.
 Thanks so much.
 Yeah.
 It just doesn't work unless the parents have contextual information.
 It's not a thing.
 I think, I mean, I think that is the truth is that baby's cry and you just basically try
 everything that's worked in the past, you try all those things until one of them works
 again.
 Yeah.
 And to save possible parents a lot of time, there is almost no reliable evidence on the
 best way to raise children at that age because the studies have not been done.
 So there are good studies that say, don't neglect your abuse your children, they have
 a bad time.
 There are not good studies that say, if you hold and stroke your child for eight hours
 a day, as opposed to 10 hours a day, they will grow up to be really independent.
 Because it's just so hard to get any evidence with that level of detail with enough of a sample
 size.
 Exactly.
 And across enough time.
 A million variables.
 Not particularly ethically though.
 Just leave that one crying.
 Yeah.
 But look after that one.
 Let's see what happens.
 And how babies keep crying is insane because babies can cry for hours and hours, right?
 And if any one of us were to scream for several hours, we would be in pain.
 Oh my God, how do they do it?
 Have you got cancer?
 I've got cancer.
 Should we get them on the backpipes?
 Or babies are either Scottish or Australian, they're really good.
 But yeah, no, you know, you'd get, what is it called nodules?
 I mean, you'd really, you would have serious injuries.
 Like for instance, a lot of like metal singers, they can do it for a little while and then
 they have terrible, they have tough operations.
 But basically their vocal chords, babies vocal chords are physically just very different
 to adult vocal chords.
 They don't have stiffening ligaments and they're full of higher leuronic acid.
 So what that means, the effect is that they're way more elastic and they absorb way more
 shock, which allows the baby to cry for hour after hour after hour.
 And it's part of the ring.
 It's not the whole reason.
 It's part of the reason they can't speak.
 It's all too floppy.
 It's all too floppy.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's not the only reason they can't speak.
 I don't know anything.
 I've known a lot of people who speak very well, they don't know anything.
 Actually.
 I don't know.
 I'll be back next week.
 No, no, it's not fair.
 It's not fair.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, that's why they're conscuring for it.
 That is, I'm so happy I know that because I always felt quite sorry for certain babies
 if they're left for prolonged periods crying because I think that must be really hurting
 them at this point.
 But no, I know they don't care.
 No.
 They're fine.
 One of the favourite facts that I came across recently in the baby fact check podcast
 that I've been making is that there's this really interesting bit of research looking at
 Italian babies and American babies.
 Now, Italian babies were found to say fewer words than American babies of the same age.
 Okay.
 However, when researchers actually looked into this, they saw that Italian babies use gestures
 way more than American babies that they say for words like eat and telephone and big
 and hot and good.
 And when they added up the number of spoken words and gestures from the Italian babies,
 it was the same number of spoken words from American babies.
 No way.
 How awesome is that?
 Italian American babies are a different thing as well, they don't mess with them.
 If you're trying to sort of reduce the amount that your baby cries in the early days, don't
 bother because they've done that one of the few reliable studies they have done is looked
 at all societies, including hunter-gatherer societies to see which baby's cry more or less.
 And it's basically exactly the same in terms of frequency that a baby under three months
 will cry.
 I think three months may be under two months.
 So they cry for less long often in hunter-gatherer societies, largely I think because hunter-gatherers
 tend to pick them up, whereas often in our societies we leave them there.
 There is a cry curve that is universal.
 On average I think babies increase their crying around week five to six until week eight when
 it starts to reduce.
 And researchers looked at 8,600 babies and their cry levels.
 And they found that there were babies, even at the peak, that only cried 30 to 40 minutes
 in 24 hours.
 Super babies.
 Whereas others cried for seven hours out of every 24 hours.
 So it's a good spectrum.
 Yeah.
 Is it just literally good luck or bad luck most of the time?
 Like it seems to me like the number of people I know who have more than one child and one
 of them has been a perfect angel and the other one has cried non-stop.
 Yeah.
 It's just it seems to be.
 Yeah.
 It's not even good.
 I did read like you said that pretty much all societies are the same but I did read one
 study that said that Danish babies cry less than other.
 This is later on so yes you're absolutely right.
 This was just in the early days and then when the babies get older than six weeks or so
 then there is a big variation isn't there?
 Yes.
 And we don't really know why the Danish children don't cry as much.
 Some people think that it's like because Danish parents hold the children more, maybe it's
 genetics.
 Some people think it's because they have such good healthcare and long parental leave that
 the parents are stressed and it means that the parental stress isn't sort of impacting
 on the child.
 I've heard breastfeeding.
 Have you?
 I've heard that.
 I mean we're in the middle of something.
 I'm sorry.
 Are you saying a fact?
 You're not super hearing that you can hear it from the other side of London, can't you?
 I must go.
 The woman is breastfeeding but not being observed by a weird stranger.
 All right.
 Time for fact number two and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is in 1654 a public competition was held between a team of 30 horses and a
 vacuum.
 Yeah.
 And the winner was the vacuum was a competition who can suck up the most bits of dust from
 the carpet, Henry one.
 So this is an amazing thing.
 So when I said vacuum, I'm being trickery.
 It was a vacuum not in the sense of a vacuum cleaner.
 It was just in the sense of avoid in space a vacuum with nothing in it, you know.
 That's right.
 You didn't say the word cleaner.
 No trick.
 Well, except it.
 So this is the thing that's called the Magdeburg Hemisphere's the Magdeburg at Halbkugel
 Magdeburg City in Germany.
 I didn't know what a hemisphere is.
 It's a hemisphere.
 But it's a hemisphere.
 Half a sphere.
 It's the brainchild of this guy called Otto von Geriker who was crazy and I maybe will come
 onto him.
 But he was interested in the idea of the concept of a vacuum because people didn't really
 know what a vacuum was.
 And you know, it all comes back to barometers.
 As it always does with you at least.
 So you've got a glass tube full of mercury, right?
 And when the pressure drops because the weather's about to get turned bad, the mercury drops
 in the tube, right?
 But what goes in that gap?
 What is at the top?
 It can't be air because there's no way for air to get through the mercury.
 What is in there?
 And various people thought it was something called ether or it were all sorts of theories.
 And von Geriker thought he'd experiment to find out.
 And in 1654, he created one of the first ever vacuums.
 He made these two ion hemispheres, sealed them neatly together, didn't attach them at all
 apart from pumping the air out.
 And once he'd done that really effectively and closed the valve, nothing could pull these
 hemispheres apart.
 And he did this big public demonstration in front of the emperor, I think, where two teams
 of 15 horses were attached to each one of these hemispheres.
 And they tried their absolute hardest.
 This was entertainment.
 Have you ever come across these things, Greg?
 I don't have any horses.
 Andy, I did bring you a present.
 Look at this.
 Oh, my God.
 I've brought you some mini Magdeburg spheres.
 I'm so excited.
 I have a lot of science props at home and I thought I must have some of these.
 So here you go.
 There's one and a half past you.
 OK.
 And now the seal that you can see inside.
 Yeah.
 Actually known as a mating rim.
 Cool.
 Oh, all right.
 You're a mating rim and my mating rim.
 Shall we leave?
 No, please say.
 So hang on.
 OK.
 Let's close together.
 OK.
 Let me just attach this.
 This is the filly bit.
 OK.
 I've got a rudimentary, not vacuum pump, but a way to remove some of the air.
 So just put that on the end.
 Here we go.
 OK.
 So Greg's kind of pulling on a trigger of like, it's like a gun shaped rubber thing.
 And he is presumably removing all the air in between these.
 Close the valve.
 OK.
 So now we've pulled out quite a lot of the air that's inside the spheres.
 I'm so excited.
 You bring your best 15 horse power.
 Yeah.
 I mean, 15 horses.
 OK.
 Ready?
 Yeah.
 Three, two, one.
 Oh, my god.
 It's not going to happen.
 I'm even twisted.
 No.
 Wow.
 Oh, goodness.
 Once I open this and the air comes out.
 Oh, my god.
 Love it.
 Although, if Andy had just asked his wife to do it, it would have been.
 I'm just very good on the jars.
 That is stunning.
 That's so cool.
 That is so cool.
 Greg, I love it.
 Is it great?
 Look at that.
 Magdeburg hemispheres.
 I guess we should say what causes them to stick is basically that the air pressure on the
 outside is pushing in so hard because there's nothing on the inside.
 There's nothing to push out.
 Right.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 You was actually pushing against atmosphere, aren't you?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But it's controversial.
 We're not controversial.
 But, you know, no one thought he was right about this.
 Yeah.
 But the vacuum couldn't exist for most of history.
 One of the ancient said nature, a pause of vacuum and the idea was if one ever came in nature
 somehow something would fill it.
 Right.
 Makes sense.
 Yeah.
 It does make sense, but it's not true.
 As we have seen right now, we can make them.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, this guy, this guy, how do you say his name, Andy?
 Vongerica.
 Vongerica.
 He did this in Magdeburg and Magdeburg had very, very recently been the victim of the worst
 atrocity in the 30 years war, where the population went down from 20,000 to 4,000 due to an enormous
 massacre.
 God.
 And this public competition was almost like, look, we're back guys.
 Like having the Olympics or something.
 A little bit like that.
 Yeah.
 It was like, you know, we've had a terrible time, but Vongerica was now the mayor or kind
 of the mayor.
 Yeah.
 And well, look, we can put on these big events of horses pulling things apart.
 Yeah.
 Isn't that weird?
 I was reading about this was 15 horses versus 15 horses.
 Someone tried it was 16.
 Someone tried it was 17 over the coming years.
 It really didn't help.
 I don't know.
 I wonder how many horses would be able to pull that apart.
 There must be a limit, right?
 Yeah.
 Well, I don't know.
 I mean, I was looking at the maths.
 And apparently, if he could achieve a full vacuum inside the hemispheres, it would have
 been held together with a force around 20,000 newtons, which is the equivalent to lifting.
 People say a car or a small elephant, it depends on the type of elephant, if we want to be
 pedantic, which I know.
 Do you like?
 Do you?
 Do you like very much love to be?
 And the car?
 It's a small plush car made by Honda, maybe not.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Okay.
 There's a monument to him or to the spheres in Magdeburg now.
 Yeah.
 It's beautiful.
 It's just, it's one of the sets of hemispheres and one horse at either end of that.
 They're straining away in that, you know, it's not coming apart.
 This guy, von Gerrker, he was like, I'm really surprised that his name doesn't come up more.
 It seems like he was absolutely massively important in loads and loads of physics, but just never
 got anything named after him.
 Yeah.
 It's a hard word to spell.
 Yeah.
 Is that a university?
 Oh, there's a university named after him.
 I think that's cool.
 But it's not like Pascal, after whom the pressure is named after or.
 He did write this up in his book, which was only published in English in 1994.
 What?
 Oh, no.
 Oh, no.
 Black publishers.
 Great news.
 We've got a translation deal.
 What if we dead for 350 years?
 Um, guys, what do you think would happen if you got into a vacuum?
 Die.
 Yeah.
 I just explode.
 I just explode.
 Not necessarily.
 Well, not immediately.
 You would die very soon, but not as quickly as you might think.
 In the 1960s, when it was more okay to do this kind of thing, they put various animals
 in vacuum to see what happened, because they, you know, was the age of space travel.
 They were thinking what will happen to humans if they end up, accidentally.
 And so in 1965, they put dogs in a vacuum and they found that dogs in a vacuum for 90 seconds
 always survived.
 Always.
 Now, they had a bad time.
 They would immediately fall unconscious.
 The gas evacuating from their whole bodies, because once you're in a vacuum, the gas wants
 to leave your body, cause simultaneous defecation, projectile vomiting and urination.
 And they swelled up to resemble a massive balloon.
 But good news.
 One, three, pressurized.
 They're fine.
 After 10 minutes.
 They were blind for a little bit longer, but that's, and they did the same with chimps in 1964.
 And they found that chimps could last 3.5 minutes, and then within 72 minutes after re-compression,
 they're fine.
 Again, they swelled up like a huge balloon, and then they were okay.
 So that's good to know.
 If you do fall into a vacuum, you've got maybe 3.5 minutes.
 Well, we think we're closer to chimps, so maybe three and a half minutes.
 Okay.
 The first vacuum you were talking about was made like with barometers.
 They're just bringing it back to barometers.
 Thank you.
 It was by a guy called Tara Shelley.
 And Tara Shelley was also the first person to explain that wind is caused by changes in
 air temperature.
 So he's quite, people before that thought that wind was caused by dampness coming from
 the earth and causing stuff to blow around.
 But he also invented something called Tara Shelley's trumpets, right?
 So this is, it's a cone.
 And the cone gets thinner as it goes along, and it gets thinner and thinner and thinner
 and thinner.
 But it goes on for infinity, so it's infinitely long.
 Did someone build this?
 It cannot be built.
 It's a theoretical cone.
 But the really interesting thing about it is in the background of the orchestra, he's also
 in the front row of the orchestra, he's also 200 miles away.
 The really interesting thing about it is that the surface area of the cone is infinite because
 it goes on forever.
 But you can show by maths that the volume is finite, you can work out what the actual volume
 is.
 And so that means that if you fill it with paint, you can have a finite amount of paint,
 which covers an infinite amount of area.
 What?
 No way.
 No, no, no.
 Hang on, hang on.
 How's it?
 The logical paradigm.
 It's going on forever.
 How can the volume be finite?
 Because the thing is going on.
 Yeah.
 Does it eventually get tighter than an atom of paint?
 It's basically just a trick of infinities, and it's a mathematical thing.
 It's theoretically.
 It can't exist.
 Right.
 That's amazing.
 And it's because, basically, you work out the surface area by adding a load of things together
 until you get to infinity, and you work out the volume by adding a load of things before
 you get to infinity.
 And there's slightly different things, and one of them ends up equaling infinity and the
 other one ends up equaling a finite number.
 It's a good prank as well for someone on their first day.
 Can you just go out and get some paint?
 No.
 We've got a stripy paint.
 I need enough paint to paint the inside of what was this trumpet?
 Tire-telling.
 Tire-telling trumpet.
 Yeah.
 But it's just getting down to being cute.
 On vacuums.
 Yeah.
 So one place which has one of the biggest vacuums, I think in the whole world, is Sun.
 So large Hadron collider, particle accelerator, very, very big and exciting physics happening,
 and what they have to do.
 They have to have these enormous vacuum systems to clear the tubes, so that the particles
 test that I'm simplifying, but I'm also, I know I'm simplifying drastically, so the particles
 don't smash into the wrong things, they try to mash particles together.
 So apparently it's about, they say, the nave of a cathedral in volume, that they have to
 completely empty out, because it's a massive, great ring, you know, but the volume is thousands
 and thousands of cubic meters, they go to the outside, you get different size cathedrals
 of course.
 This wasn't like a small, plushy cathedral.
 It wasn't.
 No.
 What a good point.
 More of St. Paul's.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like that same medium.
 All right.
 Let me get the cathedral thing.
 All right.
 They have to empty out.
 Just the nave.
 Not the chancel.
 Just the nave.
 It could probably be the whole of a tiny computer.
 They have to suck out a volume of air.
 Thank you, great.
 And they concentrate on the wrong thing, apparently.
 But basically, so they pump in this extremely cold gas.
 It takes two weeks of pumping to get the gases that are inside the ring to condense and
 then adhere to the walls of the pipe by adsorption.
 So not adsorption, adsorption, the sort of chemical attachment.
 And even after this huge amount of work they've done, the air inside the space they're trying
 to clear it still contains about three million molecules per cubic centimeter.
 Oh, what?
 So even after all that work, and that's just because there are more molecules everywhere than
 you think.
 You can't get your head around that.
 You can't get your head around it.
 No.
 It's just where you have to say avogadro.
 Well, yeah.
 Remember that from chemistry.
 Avogadro is constant.
 Avogadro is constant.
 Yeah.
 Some things.
 And you always have to add it to your equations to get the number of molecules and things.
 Oh, right.
 How do you calculate how big a cathedral has to be?
 Okay.
 Thank you.
 And basically, it's the equivalent of being several hundred miles above the Earth, because
 the atmosphere.
 There is so much less up there, so many fewer molecules, but it's still not completely empty.
 Well, this is because what would you guys say is the definition of a vacuum?
 Well, completely empty, I would say.
 Completely empty.
 Is there never a real vacuum?
 No, well, basically never.
 And almost everything that we call a vacuum isn't even close.
 You know, any like vacuum pack, or vacuum sealed, or all of that stuff, vacuum cleaner, all
 of that stuff is like you just have to basically the definition of a vacuum is actually the air
 pressure on one side is lower than atmospheric air pressure.
 That's it.
 It doesn't mean empty.
 Oh, okay.
 So just usually if you've taken out about 70 to 90% of the air, then that creates the vacuum.
 And so it's all got air in it, isn't it?
 Interesting.
 Very much.
 A vacuum cleaner doesn't suck, it blows.
 So there's a fan inside that blows air out of the machine.
 And as you've just said, that lowers the air pressure inside.
 So there's a pressure differential between the inside and the outside.
 The surrounding air then rushes in, and it brings any little bits of dust and crud and
 whatever and toast on your kitchen floor into the vacuum cleaner.
 Clever.
 That's why you shouldn't use them backwards, because it just flies it all back down.
 It flies dust out.
 Yeah.
 That's really interesting.
 So what am I saying when I go into A&E and I have it attached to it?
 And it blew my penis into it.
 That's it.
 Okay.
 It's time for fact number three and that is James.
 Okay.
 And my fact this week is that volcanoes sometimes clean up after themselves.
 Good luck, guests.
 Yeah.
 Are we talking lava going back?
 Amazing.
 They suck.
 They don't love it.
 No.
 So this is something that they found out from the Hunger Tonga, Hunger Harper submarine volcano,
 which erupted in 2022 and basically blew up a lot of Tonga.
 It was an enormous volcano.
 It's one of the biggest we've had for many, many, many years.
 And scientists managed to do some studies about it and recently they found that it fired out
 all of this methane, okay, which would be very bad for global warming because it's a greenhouse gas.
 But at the same time as with firing it out, it fired out some other stuff which destroyed methane as well.
 It's okay.
 So it fires out seawater mixed with ash.
 And that can mix with sunlight to produce reactive chlorine atoms.
 I'm going on very much the edge of my understanding here.
 And that helps to accelerate the decomposition of methane, which means the methane loses its hydrogen atoms,
 gets chlorine instead, turns into form aldehyde, which then turns into CO2 and water.
 Now the problem is that it does this on a huge scale, but not nearly as huge as the scale it does of blowing the stuff off.
 So it releases overall about the annual emissions of methane of about two million cows.
 What this eruption did.
 Yeah.
 But it kind of cleans up around 300th of that per day.
 And it does it for about 10 days and then it stops.
 So there's still plenty of methane being said, but it does do some cleaning.
 And the interesting thing as far as the research is concerned is it's possible now that we've seen this happens in nature.
 It could be a way of us scrubbing methane out of the sky.
 Yeah, wow.
 By using something similar.
 Because methane is one of the really bad greenhouse gases isn't it, but it's shorter lived.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So if you act on methane quickly, that's a really good way of dealing with the chunk of the problem.
 Yeah, exactly.
 If you manage to shove a load of chlorine up there as well, which does also feel like it might have its own issues.
 What's the hole in the ozone layer?
 CFC, isn't that chloroflora carbon?
 I presume it's at a different height or at a different size.
 Chemistry is by far the weakest of all of my sciences.
 Yeah, let's not pretend we all know the difference between chlorine and chloroflora carbon and the effect they would have.
 But someone should do something, but someone should start firing volcanoes at the atmosphere.
 But what you're saying.
 I just like the idea of them cleaning up after themselves.
 Well, to the extent that if you ask a teenage boy to clean up after himself,
 you know, he does a little bit of the work.
 They did find a lot of the methane underneath the bed.
 I think, does that mean you put a little volcano in a field for the cows?
 Oh, that's a good idea.
 Or a load of cows into a volcano?
 Oh, that's lovely.
 It's part of a few nights.
 But the reason that I brought up volcanoes is because I saw a video of you, Greg,
 that you went to see some volcanoes in Japan, is that right?
 Yeah, I did.
 This was a few years back now.
 So I was traveling the world meeting scientists whose work was investigating the science of risk.
 And there was a scientist who was looking at the risk of volcanic ash affecting jet engines for aeroplanes.
 And he was doing a lot of work out in Japan.
 So I went to see the Sakurajima volcano, which is the most active volcano in Japan.
 And we got there and we thought, "Okay, we've got three days to try to get you some camera."
 That's fine, loads of time for me to chat to the scientist and we'll get a lot of, you know, TVs,
 loads of shots of it.
 Within an hour of getting there, the thing erupted.
 Wow.
 And then it basically didn't stop every like two hours.
 It would erupt again.
 Wow.
 And so I can say I've had sushi under an active volcano.
 We would just sat there going, "Oh, it's going again."
 Wow.
 And what did it look like?
 Could you use it with just lots of black smoke?
 Actually, a lot of white smoke.
 Oh, so that is a new pope.
 Or actually slightly blue smoke.
 This was quite interesting because of the sulfur dioxide that's coming out again, chemistry.
 And I could hear it burping on the way as we were kind of driving up towards this volcano.
 So these like, these bushes, which was it venting?
 It was like building up the pressure and like burping out a bit in the pressure again.
 So it was a phenomenal experience.
 You'd see these absolute massive lumps be thrown out from this volcano.
 And I remember Dr. Chimarelli was his name.
 It was like, "Oh, yeah, that one, that one's as big as a bus."
 Like, "What?
 You can't get your head around that."
 Yeah, it was incredible.
 Burping sulfur and methane sounds like sort of being around an alcoholic.
 Oh, I've been to see, I've seen two erupting volcanoes and didn't have nearly as good an experience as you did.
 I went to one in Reunion where it was kind of a really tiny eruption that was happening on the side of a mountain.
 And you could just see a little bit of red and a little bit of smoke.
 It wasn't like a big one that you see in a cartoon or something.
 And then I went to IFE Atlas Yuckel in Iceland.
 Well, probably remember when that happened.
 Yeah.
 So I was there then and I took a bus up to the fields where it was happening.
 And I got loads of videos of just gray ash.
 You can't see anything at all, it's just complete ash.
 I didn't know you were there for that.
 No, I've forgotten that as well.
 Did you see any lightning?
 No, but I have heard about this.
 Yeah, the electrification of the ash can produce thunder and lightning in the cloud that comes out of the volcano.
 And that is one of the theories for how life started on the planet lightning in a volcano.
 That is cool.
 It's a Frankenstein moment, isn't it?
 It dies amazing.
 Yeah, this one in Tonga that happened in 2022.
 Apparently there were over 200,000 flashes of lightning which was about 2,600 flashes per minute.
 Wow.
 It's basically the most lightning ever seen in one place at one time.
 Oh my God.
 Do you guys know about Robert Landsberg?
 No.
 I don't think we've talked about him before.
 He was a photographer and he lived quite near mountains and hellens in Washington State.
 And he in 1980, it looked like it was having a little eruption as they do.
 Someone's a little belch.
 And so he went to take some photos and video of it.
 And he'd been a lot before and done that.
 And when he got there, well, we don't have his first count and a count for reasons you'll realise.
 But when he got there, it's quite a little alert.
 Check all the volcano.
 He clearly realised at some point that it was going to be a huge eruption as it was.
 And that he was probably too close to get away.
 But what he did was, what we know he did was we took the photos.
 And then he put the shutter back over the lens.
 He rewound the whole film into its protective canister.
 He put it back in his bag and then he lay on top of his bag to protect the photos that he'd had.
 So his body was found a few days later.
 Would that work?
 It did work.
 We've got the photos.
 To be honest, they're only okay.
 But...
 Did they come back with a little sticker on them saying, maybe you stay further away from the camera?
 No, I'm not going to sacrifice.
 What was his name?
 He's called Robert Landsberg.
 Wow.
 Dedication to the job.
 It just feels like, I don't think you sink in lava, do you?
 Because your body is lighter than it.
 Yeah, I think it was more the ash.
 Oh, it was the ash, I see.
 Or like the extreme sort of pulverised him with a safety.
 It wasn't like a big sort of lava flow came and it went over the top of the ice.
 No, no.
 Don't we only just found out what the largest volcano on Earth is?
 I think it was five years ago.
 It's a shield volcano.
 So these are the really gently sloping, massive ones.
 They're not the cartoon volcanoes.
 They look like a shield if it's lying down because they slightly come off the ground.
 And then they've got a little nipple in the middle, which is where the lava comes out.
 Anyway, scientists were doing a survey serving the ocean floor in 2020.
 We thought it was Mona Lower.
 And they found a volcano that is twice as big.
 Oh, it's an underwater one.
 Underwater one, yeah.
 Cheating a bit, I know.
 That's right.
 The lower is the one in Hawaii, which is if you go from the bottom of the ocean to the top of it,
 it's taller than Everest.
 Yes, exactly.
 But it pokes up above the ocean, but it starts underneath.
 Is that right?
 Yeah.
 Okay, yeah, nice.
 But anyway, it can't even claim that.
 It's Puhahunu, if anyone asks, which means turtle surfacing for breath.
 Love that.
 And it's big.
 Yeah.
 How many cathedrals?
 I beg your brother.
 People are still amazing.
 People are still finding volcanoes, but not always under the water or on earth.
 There was someone called Linda A. Marabito, who was the first person to find volcanic activity in space
 on the I/O, a moon of Jupiter.
 She was working for the Jet Propulsion Laboratory, and she saw some images and thought that could only come from a volcano.
 And then since then, people have found also some volcanoes on various different moons.
 Rosalie Lopez found 71 volcanoes on I/O.
 And why, like about her, is she was an astronomer.
 But during the last three weeks of her course, Mount Etner exploded near where she was working.
 And she thought, you know what?
 I should also go into volcanoes.
 And she completely changed the direction of her studying and went into space volcanoes instead.
 And then became one of the best people who have found some of the most volcanoes in space up.
 Anyone?
 Are they bigger?
 So I feel like the ones on I/O must be bigger.
 Yeah, but they're a lot way away, Andy.
 No, no, I know, I know, I know.
 I know.
 It's quite hard to see them.
 I'm not saying she's taken the easy way out.
 I wasn't even close to that.
 No, I know you weren't.
 So yeah, I think the largest one we know of is on Mars, isn't it?
 Oh, I'm sure you're right.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And again, it's like very, very wide. It's like from the bottom to the top, it's like the size of France or something.
 Oh, wow.
 It's like very, very, if you walked up it, you'd barely even notice you're walking up the hill.
 But by the time you got to the top of it, you were higher than anywhere else.
 Wow.
 So we know about that.
 And Katya Mori's craft?
 You read about them?
 No.
 Of course you were so.
 They are fantastic.
 A French pair of volcanologists who really lived their life.
 You know, they had a honeymoon at Stromboli, which is a volcano.
 They would often the first people to get to a volcano and they shot a lot of footage.
 When was this?
 70s and 80s.
 All right.
 So lots of the classic footage that I remember seeing as a child, you need to have a video about volcanoes.
 It was exciting.
 That was, you know, I'm sure lots of it was shot by them because they just, they took so much amazing footage.
 And they did it.
 You know, they rushed as soon as they had a volcano was going off.
 They'd rushed there.
 And tragically, they died as well.
 They rushed to mount a UNZEN in Japan and they were killed by it.
 It's not tragically when they would genuinely say they died doing what they left.
 They did.
 In fact, Moris said he wanted to die at the edge of a volcano.
 I mean.
 Like would it be tragic if like a microphone fell on your head and you died doing what you loved?
 If people laughed, then I'm doing what I love.
 Well, actually, if there's an awkward silence, then we move on.
 That's my true quick gift.
 OK, it's time for the final fact of the show now and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that Paul McCartney does eye yoga.
 So he's done quite difficult chemistry.
 That physics so far.
 Are you keeping us highbrow, Anna?
 Yeah, exactly.
 I'm keeping us, I'm keeping us rooted in what the people want to hear about.
 And that's eye yoga because it's becoming a bit of a thing.
 Paul McCartney was introduced to it on a trip to India in the late 2000s, I think.
 And he was asked what his eye yoga entailed.
 So he said you keep your head still and then you look up as far as you can for two to three seconds.
 Then as far down as you can, then diagonally.
 So you make a union jack as he described it.
 And next you cross your eyes for two to three seconds.
 What are you doing?
 Then you look great by the way, guys.
 And then you've finished by focusing on a distant object and the idea is that you're exercising your eye muscles.
 How distant, like a volcano on the moon.
 If you can get there, then you're doing very well.
 And what is the idea that this makes his eyes healthier or helps his just general vibe or what?
 I would say to give him credit flippantly comments that he does still doesn't need glasses and that's probably why.
 But that it makes your eyes healthier because you're exercising the muscles.
 I mean, there's no evidence to support that at all.
 The only thing that there's evidence for is that if you do sometimes take a break from looking at the screen and focus on something distant,
 that's good for you know, stop getting headaches.
 But a lot of people do this eye yoga and yeah, it's a thing.
 And it comes from Buddhist practices.
 Candle gazing used to be where you're just supposed to stare at a candle without blinking into your eyes water and that purifies your body.
 Oh, you can have a blind spot every time you blink for the rest of the day.
 Yeah, do you take a break from the candle every 20 minutes if you're doing a lot of focus candle work.
 I'm trying to look at something else.
 Ideally, look at a phone.
 I was trying to come up with Beatles related when I saw her standing there.
 Oh, that's great.
 I saw.
 Yeah.
 You're stopping your eyes being sore.
 I would say like we send each other these fights about a week ago.
 And it's quite easy to go on to Wikipedia and look at a list of all Beatles songs that I was supposed to go up with.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I missed that crucial step.
 I just thought, oh, that's one it'll do.
 It made its way into my notes.
 And I haven't bothered to.
 I should have gone back for a second bite of the cherry here.
 Yeah.
 Well, the inbox is podcasting.
 No, I know you actually don't write in with all Beatles songs with the word "I" in them because we don't like.
 I don't have the bandwidth.
 I'm sorry, I wish I did.
 Yeah.
 No, I, yogurt, it's just looking at stuff.
 It's just looking at stuff, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 It's like the eye test as well because I wear contact lenses.
 So when you have an eye test, you have to look in every direction.
 How do you?
 I do.
 Yeah.
 They're trying to see the inside of the back of your eye.
 Oh, yeah.
 And so just to get a good view of everything to make sure it's all.
 I don't think so.
 I don't think so.
 I was peering in Paul McCartney's eye though every time he was doing it again.
 I know he's good.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Same time tomorrow.
 Although he did say he likes people looking at him when he does his actual yoga.
 So he's a yoga practitioner and he says he says he regularly practices yoga with a group of friends
 who are called the yoga boys, which includes Alex Baldwin.
 Very cool.
 Well done.
 But he finishes his yoga morning.
 He finishes his yoga workout every morning with a five minute headstand.
 And he says he basically sort of drives it to show off because he says if I'm in the gym, the big guys
 have got their weights and they're looking really beefy and cool.
 And they're suddenly really impressed by his five minute headstand.
 They come up to him afterwards and presumably say you're fucking Paul McCartney.
 You're like Paul McCartney for upside down.
 Like a lot of these yoga poses are relatively new, right?
 They're from the 19th and 20th centuries.
 Yeah.
 Almost all of them in fact.
 Yeah, I think they all, yeah.
 Because like the old historical yoga practices, they would basically meditate.
 They weren't, do a downward dog.
 No.
 All this kind of stuff.
 And all this kind of stuff came in the late 19th, early 20th century and it's a mixture between
 old Indian practices and Western, especially Scandinavian exercise routines that people did.
 Yeah, stretching is good.
 Yeah, not to say this is nothing wrong with things.
 Absolutely not.
 But did you read about Bernard who invented modern yoga?
 Bernard.
 Yeah, Bernard.
 Gaggle Pierre Bernard from Des Moines.
 Okay.
 There had been a few monks who'd come over to the West, right?
 And done a bit of yogic practice.
 But it wasn't the developed, it wasn't lots of the exercises we know today.
 And Pierre Bernard, he founded this thing called the tantric order of America and started teaching
 yoga in 1905.
 And he claimed he'd learned it from a guru who was either Indian Persian, Syrian, French, or Bengali.
 Okay.
 It was not legit.
 Lots of, I know that is a curveball.
 It is a curveball.
 Yeah, yeah.
 The thing is lots of his followers were massive white supremacists.
 This is an ironic thing who claimed that an Aryan, are white race, had created yoga.
 No way.
 Moving to India in the first place, none of this is true.
 Don't tell the yogis that.
 It's white supremacists who got it popular.
 Yeah, well, I think some of his followers were not all of them by any means.
 But lots of those things, as James says, down with dog and son salutations and 1930s things
 that are even after him.
 There were some kind of things that you did that were poses, but they were mostly just sit comfortably
 while you're doing your meditation.
 But they did have different names and they were mostly based on animals.
 So there is a 13th century kind of yogic manuscript that says you might sit like a curlew or a camel.
 I feel like I don't see curlew sit.
 I picture them standing.
 Yeah, I think you sit like a curlew stands, maybe.
 These manuscripts, there's some old ones that say that there are 8.4 million asanas.
 And the asana is their pose.
 But each of the poses represents one of the species of animals on earth.
 Okay.
 Now 8.4 million asanas.
 In 2011, a marine ecologist Camilo Mora and his team estimated that there are approximately
 8.7 million species on earth.
 And this is, if you go on Google and search how many species are on earth, that's the figure that normally comes up.
 So in the 13th century, we had 8.4 million and now we think 8.7 million.
 That's pretty good.
 It's a rounding error, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Well, we should be able to come up with any species and there'll be a pose for it.
 Yeah.
 But a lot of these will be minuscule wasps.
 Like a round different of the pose is going to be...
 The parasitic wasps pose you have to get inside the castle.
 Are you into this stuff, Greg?
 Into yoga.
 Yeah.
 No.
 Okay.
 But you're into fitness and wellness and stuff, right?
 Into fitness for sure.
 Yeah, wellness is a very low design.
 Someone says wellness to me and by the time it's reached my ears, I'm hearing bollocks.
 Okay, fitness.
 Yeah, so I also have a podcast called Slice Bread and that's all about looking at products that
 are making claims, big bold claims to make you happier, healthier or greener and looking
 for the facts behind them and analysing those marketing claims to find out if they are marketing
 BS or the best thing since Slice Bread.
 And we do a lot of wellness related products as part of that.
 So, do they have wellness people often not meet the mark, would you say, or is it not that?
 Often it's there's something in it, but then it's massively exaggerated.
 Right.
 Or applied in a dose or in a manner that you're just not going to get in, say, a supplement
 or something like that.
 Okay.
 Are there some brilliant products that you've tested that have come up short or long?
 We have looked at something like 150 different wonder products now.
 I think some of the favourites in terms of most played air friars back in 2022.
 We were looking at whether they're cooking with an air fri or save your money.
 Petrol that was one of the favourites, premium versus regular face creams.
 Are you going to tell us?
 No, this is all a hook, isn't it?
 Oh, right.
 You're going to have a listen.
 Dish washes versus hand washing.
 Oh, which one's better for the environment?
 Which one uses more or less water?
 Oh, so not just wellness.
 Just what's the best?
 We'd look at a whole bunch of different products.
 We recently did the infrared saunas.
 I found that one quite interesting.
 Oh, okay.
 I was tempted, thanks to social media, whether I want you to buy an infrared sauner.
 Is that you can find the criminals in the sauner.
 You see if anyone's ejaculated the sauner.
 Yeah.
 Didn't come up in the research.
 So to speak.
 And is the infrared, sorry, just quickly the infrared sauner.
 What, actually, is that?
 So it runs at a lower temperature than the traditional kind of dry.
 Just a room.
 Finish.
 It's a room with infrared panels.
 And the expert said essentially heats you from the inside out, like a microwave.
 That's it.
 Kind of like a microwave, yeah.
 Well, after one and a half minutes, you have to come out and jump around and then go back.
 I looked up different kinds of yoga.
 Oh, yeah.
 There are various sort of silly kinds of yoga.
 You know, there's, there's broger yoga for bros.
 Yeah.
 Totally.
 Toge.
 Toge with your toes.
 Yuck.
 Doge.
 Doge, bring a dog.
 What?
 Does a dog do down with dog?
 I don't know.
 I think the dog's just a little too big.
 Does it do down with human?
 There's a yogi and there's a doge.
 You know, all of that.
 Goat yoga, face yoga, horse yoga.
 You're on a horse.
 But basically, I opened a bunch of tabs about this.
 You know, often I will open a load of tabs and then I'll read through them at my leisure.
 But that sometimes backfires because on a reasonably busy train this morning, I've just
 opened a tab and found how to get better, stronger erections using yoga.
 That was quite, I was reasonably observed at the time.
 That would click faster than you've ever clicked anything in your life.
 Yeah.
 And.
 And this is simple.
 Yeah.
 All of the cart, it does it.
 Absolutely.
 I'm not trying to find Beatles puns about.
 No, no, no, no, no, no.
 Hard days night.
 Hard days night.
 Come on, get back in the hard days night.
 Yeah.
 Down is turning in.
 I don't like the Beatles.
 What can I say?
 Hard days night.
 It's a very hard days night.
 Yeah, there we go.
 Do you know you have a sphincter in your eye to pick yourself?
 So I was looking into Paul McCartney's eye yoga.
 And where there are any of this actually stands up to scrutiny or not.
 And essentially, there are these various pairs of external eye muscles that some people say
 when you're doing this eye yoga, you're working on them.
 But eye doctors are saying, it's not going to do anything for your sight.
 Perhaps focusing close on your nose, which I believe is one of the moves.
 That's it.
 Yeah.
 That's working, Anna.
 Apparently, that could potentially do something for your internal muscles.
 And one of those internal muscles is the iris sphincter.
 It's partner and crime is the iris dilator.
 Opening closure iris.
 So maybe this eye yoga can teach some of these internal muscles to relax your lens easier
 and focus up close easier.
 Yeah.
 But there are better things to do that.
 Like focusing on a pen that's really close to your eyes.
 I mean, it does, it's not the maddest thing because they are muscles, the eye.
 So Paul McCartney, I think it was said that the guy who taught him how to do this said,
 well, you don't know muscles in your ears.
 So you can't exercise your ears and improve your hearing.
 But you can exercise your eyes.
 Your ears moving because ears right now.
 You are moving your ears.
 That's not the ear drama.
 You're also moving your forehead.
 Yeah.
 Can I move my whole head when I do it?
 But the rest of his face is locked in concentration.
 But what you can do, which is quite cool, is if you put your hands on the back of your skull
 at the bottom, either side of your spine, and then you close your eyes.
 And if you look up and down with your eyeballs, it took me a while to find the right spot
 on the back of your skull.
 But if you just look up and down with your eyeballs, you can feel the muscles moving, which is quite cool.
 They're not the muscles that are moving your eyes.
 They're connected to the muscles that move your eyes.
 So they go all the way back to the back of your neck.
 Isn't that cool?
 That's amazing.
 I was trying to think of the smallest, what's the smallest muscle in the human body?
 Because if something is a muscle, surely...
 You have muscles that kind of make your hairs erect.
 Yeah, and those you can't consciously control, of course.
 I wonder what the smallest muscle is that you can actually train.
 So I think you know, you're exercising those muscles, even if you're not improving your sight.
 Because that's something that's slightly different.
 The smallest muscle is the stapidius, which stabilises the stirrup bone in your middle ear.
 And it's one millimetre long.
 Yeah, but when you went to that bodybuilding exhibition, you said,
 "Okay, you guys look good, but look what I could do with my stapidius."
 And you went, "Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh."
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to hear any more about the things that we've said,
 we can all be found on our social media accounts.
 I'm on the Instagram @AndruHunterM.
 James.
 My Instagram is no such thing as James Harkin.
 Anna?
 Instagram @GregFoot.
 And you have a couple of podcasts.
 You mentioned sliced bread, but there's another one.
 Yes, so the new one is called The Baby Fact Check.
 It is a new parenting podcast where trusted experts fact check all the baby advice
 that is filling your social media feeds.
 Fantastic.
 That's @TheBabyFactCheck on Instagram for clips.
 Or you can watch it on Spotify, Apple podcasts and YouTube.
 Terrific.
 If you want to email us as Anna says, it's podcast at qi.com.
 If you want to email us facts that we'll use in little fish,
 our Monday show we love receiving them.
 If you want to email us with corrections, clarifications, beetles, puns and more.
 For stories about how fish is affected your life, all of that stuff.
 Then we wrap all of that stuff up and it goes in droppers of line,
 which is our Fortnite League bonus show.
 That is part of Club Fish, which is our Members Club.
 You can find it on patreon.com/clubfish.
 And there's all sorts of bonus stuff there.
 There is extra material that James puts together.
 There is droppers of line.
 And at the upper tiers, there are things like merch and getting your own fact dedicated to you.
 Patreon.com/clubfish, it's really fun.
 But for now, that's it from us.
 We'll be back next week with another one.
 Thanks to the Fish Busters team of Lee and Lee, Ethan, Reparelia and everyone else in Team Fish.
 And we'll see you next time.
 Goodbye.
 Norwegian was.
 Norwegian was.
 Oh, it's so good.
 Yeah, really.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
