 "Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you this week, from four undisclosed locations.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Anna Toshinsky, James Harkin and Reese
 Darby.
 Once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven
 days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Reese.
 A charismatic adventurer discovers a cable car in Atlantis and that's the quickest time
 to breaking our format and show, we've ever experienced.
 Yes, oh gosh, it's been to Atlantis, has he?
 Well, for those of you that may know anything about Atlantis and where it is, one of the
 main spots of contention is Santorini, the Greek island and said person adventurer, he discovered
 a cable car in Santorini.
 Now, he'd been twice, this is a second visit to Santorini.
 And was it a mysteriously lost, a fabled Atlantean cable car?
 Well, he never saw it the first time he went, he went to his 20s with his then wife Rosie.
 Actually, oh, they're still married, hang on.
 And actually, I don't know if they were married back then, I have to check on, when you're
 married a long time you do forget how long and when the actual, you know, I imagine Rosie
 fix it's been quite a long time.
 Right, you're in Santorini at Atlantis, that same place.
 Yes, yes, yes, for me, it's probably the most Atlantean place.
 If you go back to the Plato readings, you know, Athens is just around the corner, yes.
 The whole place volcanic erupted about 3600 years ago and so all the islands are created
 from the whole thing falling through into the sea, big hint there, that's what happened
 to Atlantis.
 So it used to be just a normal round blob of an island, like an island, huge volcano comes
 and collapses in on itself and now it's got a big hole in it.
 And that was like 1,600 BC, it used to be called Stroghili and then it got renamed Santorini
 off the back of the fact that it's more than one island now, isn't it, sort of it's
 a sort of round shape and did you go there, it's because of the connection or was it just
 on the cruise, was it a stop happening anyway?
 I heard a rumor that there was rumours of a cable car, so I wanted to just get it down as
 a definite, you know, get it in the book.
 Have you ever been on a cable car before, Rhys?
 Because they're quite common.
 Yes.
 No, it turns out, yes, they are, but this one I hadn't been on before, so I try to go on
 every cable car I see.
 You know what I think might be even better than the cable car is there is an Atlantis
 Museum in Santorini.
 I think it might be the only Atlantis Museum in the world that's been the whole time on
 the cable car, got it down to the museum.
 And the idea is that the Minoans were there and there was a really good civilisation of
 Minoans that was very advanced and then they probably disappeared when this eruption
 happened.
 In fact, right now they're kind of going to the bottom of the ocean and they're finding
 lots of evidence that this civilisation was very advanced.
 So I think whether this is what Plato was talking about, I don't know, but definitely there
 is a big old underwater civilisation.
 Right.
 That's so interesting.
 Do you know there's an Atlantis language and it was only spoken very briefly, I think
 in the 1990s and it was when Disney were making their movie, Atlantis, the Lost Empire, they
 chired a language expert who constructed a whole grammatical system, everything put
 in place.
 Yeah, an entire language.
 How do they make it like Atlantian as opposed to any other like language?
 It was, yes, unfortunately, they were sinking and they were half underwater at the time when
 we heard the language.
 So it does sound very bubbly and liquidy.
 But no, I actually haven't seen Atlantis the Lost Empire despite both my Reese's interests
 in it.
 Are you seeing it?
 I can't recall.
 No, which is another confusing.
 Well, it's probably a bastardisation of the true factual, historical truth that you guys
 adhere to, I suppose, the disinification of it.
 True.
 That's right.
 And that's different to avoid it.
 But that's amazing that they went to the trouble of creating a language.
 It's not Lord of the frickin' rings, guys, it's a film for five-year-olds.
 Who's he?
 They don't care.
 Yeah.
 I mean, Lord of the Rings is a film for kids, isn't it?
 Shame.
 Well, the Hobbit is.
 The Hobbit is.
 Exactly.
 You graduate Lord of the Rings.
 Do you believe in Atlantis?
 I kind of, I do.
 I tell you why I do, because we always forget how old the earth is, and some of us don't
 even know, and some of us...
 (LAUGHTER)
 You know, speculate the wrong age.
 But the world has been turned over and turned over so many times, and they're finding
 every day, not every day, let's say, once, once a week, they're finding new bits that they
 haven't seen before, layer upon layer.
 And now with this new LIDAR and this E-radar technology that they're using, you know, they're
 finding lost civilizations under the forests in the Amazon and all sorts of things.
 So I think the technology is catching up, and it's the one good thing I'll say about
 artificial intelligence is that's going to help.
 I was speaking to a chap the other day, and he works in the AI-interpreting animals language
 system.
 Oh, cool.
 And we're getting really advanced on that.
 We're figuring out using AI what animals are saying, and that's going to be a crazy thing
 to happen.
 It's going to happen in the next couple of years.
 We're going to work out what our cats and dogs are saying, or thinking, which is going
 to be very...
 It's going to be very confronting.
 Very weird.
 It is an issue from the cat.
 I could I just say those cats are liars, and whatever they say, it's not true.
 I know my dog's just going to be like, "I love you, I love you, I love you."
 My cow will be, "I still haven't been there for the last three months."
 Yeah.
 Do you know that on Santorini they have Martians, as well as Atlantis?
 Oh god.
 He's drunk the Kool-Aid.
 Here it is.
 Oh, so this... I haven't been to the museum.
 These are some caves called the Balas Cove Basalts, and scientists have checked the rocks
 there and compared them with Martian meteorites, and they say that they're basically the best
 rocks on earth for checking what they're like, and if they're like this, then the Martian
 meteorites will be like that as well.
 Okay, cool.
 Yeah, right.
 Yeah, the clay, the soil there, it's all just wild-cannot-cash, isn't it?
 Which means, excitingly, for me, is the only place in Europe where you can get really, really,
 really old wine, because we've discussed before that.
 All other wine was wiped out at the end of the 19th century by Philuxera, which was an insect
 that feeds on vine roots, it wiped it all out, but Santorini immune to Philuxera because
 it's all volcanic ash, so they couldn't... they couldn't live in it.
 These insects can't survive in that environment.
 So if you want a wine that's more than 150 years old, and who doesn't, you can go there.
 And it's quite famous to wine, it's in Santor, a white wine that thinks it's a red.
 Ooh, I like that.
 If that's a healing.
 Have you had a white pinon noir?
 No, but I did read, that's one of the few ones you can get in white and red.
 Yeah, is it nice?
 Is it nice?
 Oh, well, I mean, you know, in the dark, of course, you can't tell, but during the day...
 I'm like this shouldn't be tasting like this.
 Do you do a lot of drinking in the dark?
 (laughter)
 I went through a phase, you know, I've been out of work for a bit.
 (laughter)
 As well as having Atlantis and Martians, did you know that Santorini has vampires?
 Really?
 Yeah, these are Greek vampires called Vricolacus, and it's basically Santorini was thought
 to be the place where they came from, and to send vampires to Santorini is like to send
 Coles to Newcastle, or to send Alstwathons, or Samovast and Tula, or, you know, like sending
 something to somewhere where they already have a lot of it.
 We're not really sure why, but it could be due to this soil that we were talking about,
 and maybe the soil doesn't rot the corpses very well, and so, like, there would bury people
 in the soil, and they would still be bodies after quite a long amount of time, so they thought
 they were vampires.
 I read a story as well, James, which is that it was an island where they plopped plague
 victims, people who were still alive at the plague, so that they were isolating the problem,
 and they were sort of just left to their own means, and there's accounts of people saying
 that they could hear across the water from the island screams of pain and so on, and
 so they were treated as vampires, but actually they were just very, very ill.
 Oh wow.
 I'm just imagining Rosie sort of thinking, great, I'm taking Reese away from all this weird
 bigfoot stuff.
 We're going to go on a Greek cruise.
 We're just going to have a nice time.
 Oh my God.
 Atlantis is there.
 The island of vampires is around the corner.
 Oh shit.
 She's like, no, no, Reese, Reese, there's a cable car up here.
 Let's go there.
 She did side-track me with the cable car.
 She knows I've got a cable car, I'm sitting here.
 Yeah.
 Did you?
 So on your cruise, did you happen to stop nearby the land of Sorter Immortals?
 Oh.
 I've given it that nickname.
 It's called Icaria.
 It's an island where the longevity rates are just far greater than anywhere else than
 the rest of Europe and America.
 They live 10 years longer on average.
 They have lower rates of cancer and heart disease, and people have studied them because so
 many of them live into their hundreds, and they've studied their food.
 They've studied their sex life, so they found that 80% of Icarian males between the ages
 of 65 and 100 were still having sex.
 And of those, a quarter did so with good duration and achievement, isn't that amazing?
 Don't market it as an achievement.
 I think that's going to give a lot of people a complex, no one's judging either way.
 I have achieved.
 Geration, achievement, and that.
 He has this island where they just live and live and long, and they're studying their food,
 they're studying everything about them.
 But we think they're shagging their way to longevity.
 Basically.
 Because I think there's another theory I think we have mentioned that actually they've all
 just been fiddling the books and their dates are birth or in Rome.
 And I think it's just places like Ireland, which have dodgy record keeping.
 So they're claiming they're lasting for ages, and they're amazing in the sack, and they're
 saying they're 100.
 They're all 50, and actually they're prematurely ejaculating all over the shop.
 I can give you one tip, Reese, for next time you're in the islands.
 If a lesbian offers you their placenta, then you must accept it.
 And that's because on the island of Lesbos, a placenta is what they call backlover.
 And it's really rude because of this Greek idea of zine aware.
 If you go to someone's house, they have to look after you, and they have to offer you food
 and stuff, you should always accept it if they give it to you.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 That's good.
 Okay.
 But look, that's good advice.
 But I'm definitely, I'm a yes man anyway, so I never say no to things.
 Regardless of if it's actual placenta or backlover, you're just.
 You're going to have it.
 Yeah.
 I'm just a kind receiver, and then, you know, and the later on in the day, maybe even
 in the dark, when I'm having a wine.
 I might just sort of put it away somewhere, but I'm going to be saying again.
 Well, there's another tip, Reese.
 Next time you don't need to go all the way to the Greek islands to get to Santorini.
 You just need to go around the corner to the Hollywood hills to castle our gile.
 Yeah.
 Because castle our giles, it's a senior living community.
 And they've started doing virtual headset excursions together.
 I mean.
 And the first place they went as a pilot test was to Santorini.
 So they all sit down, all the old ladies and old men sit down and they put on their headsets.
 And there's a tall guy who says, okay, look to your right, see a cable car.
 There you go.
 And then a lot of people who are in these care homes don't have shared experience together.
 And if they did used to go traveling, it's quite isolating because they say why I used to
 go to this place.
 I used to do that.
 Now they all go together and they experience it together.
 And so they can talk about the time we went to Santorini together.
 Yeah.
 Like it's quite a useful thing if you're not able to leave the confines of your home.
 That's amazing.
 So there you go.
 And Rosie has already paid for your first two years in there after that you'll have to find
 the money.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Hannah.
 My fact this week is that the introduction of sheep to Argentina doubled the amount of
 dust in Antarctica.
 Riddle me that.
 Is it wind?
 Blue and old us.
 No, actually James, it's aliens to put hat in your face.
 Oh, yes, it's bloody wind, alright, it was blown over, but this is this amazing correlation
 that we found, scientists have found, I read this in an article on NASA's website about
 how human activity in one place has massively far-flung geographical impacts.
 And basically, there's been a doubling of dust in Antarctica since 1935, which it's getting
 very dirty.
 And that coincides exactly with when sheep came to Patagonia, 70% of the forested lands
 were wiped out and it was turned over to mostly sheep farming.
 And it caused massive land degradation, turn into desert vegetation loss and all of that
 kind of stuff loosens the soil, it gets puffed up in the air, trotted up by all of these sheep
 trotting all over it and it sails away to Antarctica.
 And then there's a bad in Antarctica because it melts the ice or?
 It's simply dreadful in Antarctica, it's, I find it very amazing, sunlight is terrible
 at melting snow, sunlight barely melts it.
 If you shine sunlight at fresh snow, it reflects about 90% of the sunlight off it.
 As soon as you get dust on snow, suddenly it absorbs 50 to 60% of the heat from it and
 it suddenly melts much, much faster.
 So the more dust you get on your snow, the more it melts and the more it melts, the more
 it's screwed with it.
 So is there someone out there who's job at least just the dust snow?
 Yep, yep.
 It's a cleaning gig that you can get.
 You get sent to Antarctica with just the dust pan and brush and sweep it up.
 There should be.
 What are you doing these days?
 Oh, you'll never guess what.
 I've got a new job.
 I used to work at the cable car, but now I'm in Antarctica, brush and shovels.
 Why have put me onto it?
 Absolutely love again.
 And sheep basically wreck everything, don't they?
 As soon as you get sheep somewhere, according to some people, that's probably not fair because
 I think it's an argument.
 So half of the people seem to think, actually much less than half of people think that if
 you put sheep somewhere, it wrecks the whole environment, much less than half of people
 think actually sheep are quite good for the environment.
 And almost everyone else doesn't really have an opinion on the subject.
 And do you have a side you full on bearing in mind that we're about to be able to translate
 all of what sheep can say apparently?
 So the next two years, well, I was reading an article by George Mumbai, who's like the
 main guy who is anti sheep.
 And he says that the lake district where I used to live has been sheep wrecked.
 Oh, that's a good pun.
 So he's got like the good headlines.
 Yes.
 He does.
 It's funny because George Mumbai is known for so many things.
 He's sort of famous in the UK for internationalness is a very famous journalist, but no one has
 ever said he's just known for being anti sheep.
 You know what that's like?
 I mostly know him as like a rewilder kind of guy.
 Oh, yes.
 You're right.
 Rewilding.
 Yes, I hadn't thought of that as being spun as I just known for his puns, great puns from
 all of them, Reese, talking about AI and sheep, you've been in the headspace of a sheep recently
 because, well, Reese was a sheep in the sheep detectives, which is a new movie.
 That's just come out.
 Is this why you met the AI language guy?
 Was he telling you how to be a sheep?
 No, no, there was, there was a different party.
 I was at.
 But look, for a start, you guys have got to see the sheep detectives if you haven't seen
 it.
 It's a fantastic movie.
 No one knew that it was going to be any good with, you know, it's about detectives who are
 sheep.
 But one of those runs that surprises you.
 I've read an amazing review of it.
 I know this sounds mad, but I've just gone, oh, it's that one.
 With the detectives who are sheep.
 Yes.
 They should have worked harder on the title, shouldn't they?
 They did.
 It's not quite clear enough.
 It's Hugh Jackman's most highly rated film of his career.
 No.
 Yeah, on the, on the tomato meter, absolutely.
 It was a huge kids book.
 It was massive.
 I think it was German initially called Three Bags Full.
 The author of who was Leonie Swan, and then she's got a sequel, which is called Big Bad
 Wall.
 So it sounds like there's a potential next movie coming up.
 I think there'll be more.
 I think there'll be more because it's done very well.
 Yeah.
 Sounds like George Monbio has a, has a rival for his pun contest.
 Yes.
 The only.
 It's hard for me to see someone being anti-sheep because sheep are so docile and you talk about
 them ruining the environment, but you only have to look at New Zealand and it's definitely
 not ruined and we have a lot of sheep.
 So it's all down to how much paddock they get, how much grass, what their environment is
 and how spread out they are and that type of thing.
 You know who gave you guys sheep, New Zealand?
 It's a big old name.
 Who?
 Big old character.
 Cook.
 Captain James, I'm just going to say.
 He's credited it.
 Yeah, with it, between 1773 and 1777, he brought over the first sheep, just quite an iconic name
 to have dropped off.
 Wow.
 So you know, if you have a load of sheep in a field, this is a question for everyone.
 How many would there have to be that you could know how many they're out without counting
 them?
 So if there's two there, you would just, you wouldn't have to count one, two.
 You would just know them two.
 Yeah.
 But if there were 300, you would only know there was 300 by counting them.
 So how many do you think you would just naturally know seven?
 I think a Kiwi farmer would be would differ with, you know, because they'd be the used to
 seeing blocks of how many and they do hang out together and they'd be able to just instantly
 go, right, there's 40 there.
 Okay.
 I think that's what's key.
 I feel like maybe they do hang out in groups of four or three.
 So you're just, you're going, okay, there's 10 groups.
 So now that's 40.
 That's still counting though.
 That's still counting.
 You just on site.
 Look at them and you just know the number.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 I can definitely agree that like Kiwi farmers would have like an inherent advantage of this.
 But most humans can seem to be able to do five and then once there are six, you have to
 start counting them or you have to save us two lots of threes or whatever.
 But there was a 19th century German calculator, a man who calculated things called Zacharias
 Days and he could do 30.
 So if you put up to 30 sheep in a field, he could just say 26.
 Oh, really?
 Was it only sheep?
 Could it be anything?
 It was just sheep.
 It could work with anything.
 He's got no idea.
 It works with anything, but he did it with sheep.
 That was his party trick kind of.
 And sheep tend to not move so much.
 So when, for example, if you're putting 30 goats in there, they're going to start moving
 around a lot more.
 But 30 sheep, if one of them is staying still, the others will just stand next to it.
 Oh, nice.
 Do you know the best way to count sheep, if you're not that guy, if you're a sheep farmer,
 but not that guy, is, and this is what farmers do is for every 25 white sheep, they have one
 black sheep.
 And this is to work out if your sheep have gone missing.
 So if you've just got white sheep, it's very hard to count if you've got 1,000 sheep.
 But if you've got, I mean, let's say you've got 20 black sheep, you know you've got 20
 black sheep, you can count them much faster.
 And you can go, okay, three black sheep are missing.
 That means I'm missing roughly three out of 20, three 20s of my sheep.
 So the equivalent number of white sheep will be missing.
 Yeah, but you know, so 75 white sheep will be missing.
 Oh, but if you were a good poacher, you would just make sure you don't steal the black sheep.
 So your farmers looking round going, all the sheep are here, but you're down to six black
 sheep.
 Nothing else.
 No white sheep.
 I shouldn't have said this.
 Should I?
 Just expose that.
 You can be away the secrets.
 Yeah.
 Did you guys know there's a butcher's hall in London and the butcher's hall has the cleaver
 that cut up the first New Zealand lamb brought to England and served to Queen Victoria.
 No.
 Yeah.
 So this is 1882 and the first shipment of frozen mutton and lamb along with some port
 came along and the carcass was brought to Buckingham Palace, I believe, and it was brought to
 Queen Victoria and it was carved up for her.
 And that cleaver has become such an iconic cleaver as a result that if you go to the butcher's
 hall, it's framed with an explanation about its importance.
 Yeah.
 The perks of being a royal are weird.
 I don't know if I want a massive sheep carcass brought into my living room and cleavered
 in front of me.
 You know?
 Oh, they love that kind of stuff, the royals.
 I suppose they do it on there, as long as you can set the car up.
 Because they couldn't do it with peasants anymore, so they kind of had to do it with sheep
 and good point.
 Yeah.
 It's a real second best.
 In ancient Egypt, around 3000 BC, so long old time back, the most fashionable tattoo you
 could get was a sheep.
 Right.
 What it seems is that it was people who had caught a barberry sheep because they're really
 difficult to catch.
 But when you caught one, you got a tattoo and if any woman saw your sheep tattoo, she'd
 be immediately very attracted to you because it proved that you could kill a barberry sheep.
 Right.
 Oh, actually.
 Wow.
 Also, they're quite easy to draw probably if that's why it's just a cloud with a head, isn't
 it?
 Is that a cloud or a sheep on your tattoo?
 Well, what would entice you more?
 A sheep obviously.
 Yeah, that's a sheep, mate.
 That's a sheep.
 That's a sheep.
 Let's head to the perimeter.
 Here is.
 You were in the territorial army, weren't you back home in New Zealand?
 No, I was not down.
 The territorial army is part-time sorry.
 Okay.
 So I was regular.
 You were regular for us.
 Out of you.
 I'm so sorry.
 How many times?
 Do I have to, I was in the cadets, the regular force cadets, and then the Royal New Zealand
 signals.
 Okay.
 Poor.
 Is it right, as I've read?
 I should know this because I know you so well that quite a lot, not quite a lot, but
 a few times your job was to rescue sheep that were stuck in certain places.
 Yes.
 Oh.
 You don't get that kind of big mission in the territorial army, do you?
 Territorals would not get that.
 They are the weekend warriors, you know.
 So yeah, we were out there midweek, and the territorials, of course, they're still working
 at the supermarket or whatever they're doing.
 We are out there with our velcro gloves running after the sheep to bring them back.
 Velcro gloves to stick to the wool.
 Yeah.
 No.
 That's the way you grab them with the big velcroes.
 You run behind them and you grab them in the velcro, just as they're leaping off a cliff
 or anything like that.
 Velcro's us.
 So many true.
 So many true.
 A lot of our military training was grabbing hefty sheep with the velcro gloves because it's
 a lot of upper body strength.
 So they would normally choose, they'd look at the line-up of the soldiers and they'd go,
 "Oh, Darby, because you can see my upper chest quite big and they'd go," you grabbed the gloves
 for this one.
 We've got two sheep on the loose, heading towards the cliff.
 Yes, sir.
 And I off I'd go, get choppered in.
 Then I abseil down and then just release from the carabiner and then sometimes I just leap
 from the helicopter onto the sheep.
 This is real James Bond stuff, isn't it?
 Yeah, it's all coming out in the book.
 I'm doing the follow-up to my order biographically.
 The first one was this way to spaceship and I'm just trying to think of a title for the
 second one.
 I don't suppose you know, like spaying is cutting the genitals off an animal.
 You could be this way to spay sheep.
 Oh.
 I can't see that falling off the shelf.
 What's he done here?
 I'm going to play on words on the first book, is he?
 I want to see doing this for.
 He's done born as life.
 Is he hired George Mombia to come up with his titles?
 OK, it is time for fact number three and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that one theory as to why we haven't seen aliens is they have
 all been trapped on their own planet by their own garbage.
 So this is the Fermi paradox, which is if there are so many aliens out there, which you
 would think because the universe is so big, the chances are they are out there somewhere,
 but if they are then why have we not heard from them?
 And there is something called the Kessler effect, which is as soon as you start putting stuff
 in orbit, eventually more and more stuff gets up there.
 When there's enough, then they start colliding with each other and making even smaller bits
 of garbage.
 And eventually those collisions get worse and worse and worse and you just get covered
 in bits of metal and you can't send rockets out of there so you can't go and look throughout
 the rest of space and find us.
 Yes.
 I mean, this is a big genuine worry that I have about all our satellites in space that multiple
 collisions will just lead to us being trapped by these bullets that will just forever more
 be circulating our planet and we can't get out.
 Essentially like an asteroid belt.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Well, I don't think you personally have to worry about it too much, Dan.
 No.
 Oh, I think it's probably not going to affect your life massively.
 But you're worried on behalf of humanity because you're a very selfless guy, right?
 No.
 No, no.
 Billions of future people.
 It's a good point.
 And actually, that really frees me up for more eBaying.
 So that's cool if I don't have to think about that.
 Like, and cancel this space trip.
 Have you guys heard of the Zoo Hypothesis?
 And this is another reason for why possibly if there is life out there and they know of
 us, they haven't touched us, which is it's kind of similar to the principles of David
 Attenborough Filming Documentary.
 If you see an animal in distress, let nature take its course, it's, it's simply watching
 the earth and how it evolves and how life evolves and not making contact with it so that you
 don't spoil it.
 So observe it in the way that you would animals at a zoo is the idea.
 And that's what we think.
 And this was put forward by an actual astronomer.
 I guess this is the thing that makes these fun hypothesis seas be quite legit is that this
 was John Ball who was an MIT astronomer in 1973.
 And he's saying that the aliens are thinking of us as like a nature reserve, right?
 Or a patch of wilderness and they're protecting us and staying keeping their distance.
 Yes.
 Well, it is a big thing to a lot of astronomers to sort of say, well, look at how many stars,
 look how many potential planets are out there, why haven't we been visited and coming
 up with these hypotheses are so exciting when you read about them all.
 I guess if we go into the outer space and we find some aliens, then it would be a
 little bit irresponsible to just go straight in with our size tens and start sort of stomping
 on people.
 Like we would probably sit back and decide what to do at least before we went in and showed
 ourselves.
 In fact, I think that's, I read an interview with someone, was a NASA, it was some astronomer
 who said kind of exactly that, that we're not even trying to collect data on things that
 we might potentially see.
 We're literally just trying to see if there are any signals out there.
 And that's it right now.
 So, we are very cautious, yeah, we're not going down and abducting people and doing experiments
 on them and flying sources.
 Well, the other theory is the dark forest hypothesis.
 And this idea is that there are civilizations out there and they spend a lot of their time
 hiding as if they were in a dark forest or re-striking some wine at night, you know, so
 that no one can spot them because they realize, and it's a thing that Stephen Hawking was saying
 at the end of his life, stop sending signals out, they will come for our resources.
 We've got water, we've got metals, we've got amber, we've got all these amazing things on
 our planet.
 Stop it.
 And so, that's another theory, where are they?
 They're out there, they're just hiding really well.
 There's a little thing in the military called reconnaissance and that's what you do when
 you are staking some place out, ready to invade and that can take a long time.
 But that's, I believe, what they've been doing.
 Have you guys seen disclosure day?
 No, yeah.
 It's the Spielberg movie.
 Yeah.
 Come on, get off your seats and go and do it.
 That's so good.
 Is it?
 And that kind of dives into the element where, you know, the governments have been keeping
 it from us.
 These things are real.
 But Trump has sort of, has got a load of files about UFOs, hasn't he, that he's slowly
 releasing them maybe?
 He's well known for doing a bit of a slow release.
 But then JD fans was in the news last week saying that he thought all aliens were demons.
 Oh, yes, that's the other problem is the very Christian side of us because that's what
 they believe.
 Yeah, some of them.
 The very, the very, you know, frontenders.
 Um, wait, so he believes that aliens are from hell?
 They just don't know what they're talking about, you know, they think they think they believe
 there's probably a hell it's inside the earth or whatever the whole thing is, you know,
 it gets so much.
 Yeah.
 And so like, unlike the clean UFO aliens are real.
 They come and probe out.
 Can we just agree what they are?
 They're from here, they don't mean any harm if they, if they did, it'll be wiped out years
 ago, which is I think, you know, who knows, we could be an experiment that they've put together
 and they're watching.
 Yeah.
 Hey, can I, can I recommend a book?
 It's one of my favorite books I've ever read and it's called Is Anyone Out There?
 And it's written by Frank Drake.
 And Frank Drake is known to many for his equation, Drake's equation, where he works out, um,
 the likelihood of life in the Milky Way, um, and I think you can expand it further.
 Sorry, the, the equation for what it's like, um, he takes the number of different galaxies
 and the number of planets they're in the galaxy and the likelihood of one of those planets
 having life and then the likelihood of that life being able to get off his planet and
 all that kind of stuff.
 I think.
 Yeah, yeah, that's right.
 And, and he Drake's equation was something that he debuted, uh, to his friends when he
 was setting up the first sort of international effort to set up what became setty, the search
 for extraterrestrial intelligence.
 And it was quite secretive.
 So as Frank Drake, it was Carl Sagan.
 And Sagan has kind of emerged as more famous of the two sort of popularly because of shows
 like Cosmos, but Frank Drake was part of the team that put together the plaques that went
 on Pioneer.
 So the drawings of a human that went out and he also, uh, was part of the Golden Record,
 the furthest thing we've ever sent out into space to show that we exist.
 And, um, a remarkable guy.
 And I, there's this great fact in one of Robinans' books called The Importance of Being
 Interested, which he says that once setty after all these years of convincing the government
 to fund it, getting private funding from people, getting people convinced that it was not
 a crazy thing, Carl Sagan finally sat down and listened for the first time to the dishes
 receiving these signals within half an hour, he got so bored, he fell asleep.
 I thought it was going to happen when we translate what Reese's dogs are saying.
 It turns out.
 It turns out.
 No, it's interesting.
 Here's an interesting thing.
 So setty, so it's the search for extraterrestrial intelligence.
 And one of the things that they're doing is trying to learn the language of animals.
 Um, so, especially humpback whales, but actually quite a lot of animals, other animals.
 And the reason that they're doing it is because let's say the aliens try and talk to us.
 We might not speak their language, right?
 So how can we practice, how can we practice learning what another species has to say?
 Well, we get Reese's dogs and we try and work out what they're saying.
 And then if we could do that with dogs and we could do it with whales and we could do
 it with animals and we could do it with everything, then we'll be able to do it with aliens
 when they try to talk to us.
 That's quite cool.
 What I find funny is, or, you know, maybe not funny, but weird and profound, is that the
 vector diagram of where we're going with artificial intelligence and the UFO discloser
 situation is going like this.
 And so the exact moment when we're going to have contact with these extraterrestrials
 is the exact moment when I think AI is going to be at the point where we're going to
 be able to understand what they're talking about, almost like they've designed it.
 Oh, interesting.
 So Mark, my word.
 Have people open this wide open?
 2030.
 Well, I would say one of the reasons that maybe that won't happen, maybe, is because of another
 Fermi paradox explanation, which is that basically there aren't any other interstellar
 life forms, aren't there any other aliens because of the great filter.
 And this seemed to be the main explanation initially for why we haven't come across
 aliens is actually that there's just one moment in evolution.
 And I think the most likely moments are either the moment that life happens or the moment
 that you go from single cell to multicelled organisms that is so unlikely to happen that
 it's almost impossible to clear.
 And in fact, we're the only ones that have cleared it.
 So the idea is that actually there aren't any aliens out there because life is so impossible.
 But the thing we don't know is, is that hurdle behind us or ahead of us?
 So how have we passed the hurdle?
 In which case, that's really good news because that means there probably aren't any other
 life forms out there who are going to attack us and try to kill us because we're the only
 ones who've got passed the hurdle or is the hurdle coming up, which basically means there
 have been shed loads of other life forms, millions, but they all hit this absolute catastrophe.
 Maybe it's the invention of AI.
 Maybe it's coming in 20 years.
 They all hit this huge hurdle, which always wipes them out.
 Maybe the garbage around the planet could be there.
 Maybe the garbage, they all crashed into the garbage and extinguished themselves.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what we're going to do when we find aliens, if we find aliens?
 Like there is a protocol that's been invented by the International Academy of Astronautics.
 So do you know what we do?
 And you're a scientist, right?
 You're listening to loads of stuff coming from the aliens on your transistor radio.
 And you hear a, "Hey, it's ours, it's ours."
 Like what do you do?
 What's the first thing?
 I think it's just you go, "Oh my god, oh my god, oh my god, oh my god."
 And then you leave voice notes for 15 of your friends.
 Try and play it too though, no, no, no, no, no.
 Actually, it's the exact opposite of that.
 The protocol is very clear that you do not tell anyone.
 You keep it to yourself as much as possible.
 Just tell important scientists and then do loads and loads and loads of tests to make sure
 it's real and that it's not a fake thing.
 Because in recent years, especially with the rise of fake news and stuff like that, people
 need to be really, really certain that what you found is real.
 So the scientists have been told that as soon as you find it, do not tell anyone that you
 test it as much as possible.
 Shit.
 But then that feeds into the idea that the government is hiding it from us and they literally
 are telling us now that that is what they would do.
 So it's okay.
 Maybe that's always been the protocol.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I've left those voice notes before.
 I've left the follow up voice notes so many times before of, "Oh my god, sorry, please
 don't tell anyone that.
 I've just kind of like, I wasn't meant to mention it."
 I was just thinking all the voice notes I've had from you over the years out of that.
 Like two and a half minutes long and I'm like, "I'm not fucking listening to that."
 They're all alien-refeels saying to me, "You're the only one I told."
 And I say something quickly about Fermi, Fermi, who this paradox is named after.
 So physicist Enrico Fermi, and he was the one who first said in 1950, "Where is everybody
 to his fellow astronomers who are saying aliens must exist?"
 But something else that exists is Fermi questions.
 And I like Fermi questions because we all kind of know what they are, but he basically invented
 them.
 And they're questions you ask people where you ask them to work out the rough answer
 to a question where they have almost no information and they just have to use their knowledge of
 the world and their human intelligence and their everyday experience.
 So if I was like, "Guys, how many ants do you think there are in the country of Cameroon?"
 And then you'd have to just, you'd have to give me an answer.
 Okay.
 Then you go like, "Okay, well Cameroon is a medium-sized African country."
 Exactly.
 And then, so it must be about this big and there must be this many ants in my garden and
 you kind of come up with a number.
 There you go.
 325,000 ants.
 I like to put a white ant in my head to see...
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Franz Kafka's grandfather could lift a sack of potatoes with his teeth.
 I love it.
 Wow.
 What a ridiculous one.
 I found this fact while reading a play by Alan Bennett called Kafka's Dick.
 And it's a brilliant play and it's largely about a biographer whose poor wife has to put up
 with this man who's constantly telling her boring as health facts like Franz Kafka's grandfather
 could lift a sack of potatoes with his teeth.
 And I couldn't relate to it, but I made my way through the play anyway.
 To me, the most fascinating thing about this fact is that Franz Kafka didn't want us to
 be talking about him right now.
 He asked his friend Max Broad to burn all of his unpublished papers when he died and Max
 didn't do that.
 He kept the novels and he published them and he wrote biographies on him and he turned Kafka
 into one of the most written about figures in literary history and the very fact that we
 know that his grandfather could lift a sack of potatoes with his teeth is a testament
 to how badly that wish went for him.
 And I think Broad actually says that his grandfather could lift a sack of flour with his teeth.
 So potatoes has come somewhere along the line as a, it's in lots of biographies, but maybe
 he was, it's a party trick, isn't it?
 Yeah, to be honest, I think it's mostly the weight of the thing that you lift.
 I think it's flour or potatoes, probably doesn't affect the trick that much.
 Exactly.
 Whatever's in the pantry.
 I don't know where it is, isn't it, yeah, but I recommend reading, I'm on a huge Alan Bennett
 binge at the moment.
 Highly recommend reading him.
 You learn amazing little facts in random plays.
 For example, did you know that Butcher's Hall in London has a cleaver that cut up the first
 New Zealand land.
 I heard that.
 It was brought to England.
 And so it's a Queen Victoria.
 Yeah, you find out stuff like that in his books.
 But party tricks, I'm excited because I've never really looked into people's party tricks
 from history.
 And there's so many great ones.
 Abraham Lincoln, when he was young, he could lift the barrel of whiskey from the floor and
 hold it while he took a drink out of the bunkhole.
 So like that's it.
 Again, it's a strength thing.
 It's like being able to lift up all barrel and drink it.
 And he once did that.
 There was a gambler who had been arguing with an employee of a bar or something.
 And he settled that argument by saying, okay, okay, well, don't give him the money.
 But I will take on the bet.
 I will bet you the same amount that I can do this.
 And then he did it and he won the bet and the barman managed to get off it.
 But when he was running for Senate, people found out about this and said, oh, well, you're
 an old drunkard when you're a young lad and you were getting in all these scrapes, weren't
 you?
 And they tried to use it against him in the future.
 It's never going to work.
 He was the ballpark of his day, right?
 I mean, that literally is what he was.
 Incredibly famous world leader who can also down some beer.
 Obviously, I have heard him of his day.
 Yeah.
 No one's buying that that's irresponsible when they're a world leader.
 Bob Hawke, the very famous Bob Hawke, of course, former Prime Minister of Australia, surprised
 it.
 You've said it's like Justin Bieber.
 I feel like someone that most people are not going to know.
 Maybe he's so famous in Britain because he was Prime Minister of Australia, but he'd
 drunk a yard of ale in Britain.
 So he's just known as being a laxit legend, but it speaks to the people, though, doesn't
 it?
 Yeah.
 You know, you're a politician and you might be, you know, a bad person or, you know, immoral.
 But then, oh, my God, look, he can drink.
 Yeah, he's one of us.
 Yeah.
 All is forgiven.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 But yeah, Rhys, have you got any, if someone says, what's your party trick, impress us?
 Well, I'm the biggest party trick, well, I guess would be not being invited.
 But actually getting into parties was a bit of a trick for me.
 I'd lag my way in over the back fence, you know, dress up as a waiter.
 I'd done many different things, created my own party once doing an Edinburgh show.
 I'd said to the whole audience, let's go to Brett's place and party.
 And I knew there was a party and Brett didn't say, you could bring a friend if you want.
 He wanted to get more people in there.
 So I brought the entire audience and just prehungered us and knocked on the door and he said, oh, welcome
 to the party.
 I've got a couple of friends with me and he said, ah, a couple is fine.
 And he looked at them and he was three hundred people.
 So your party trick is bringing everyone from one party to another party.
 Yeah.
 But like the pipe, the pipe of cool.
 I went on to the Oxford Dixie of National Biography, which is quite a dry list of famous people
 from British history and it tells us all about them.
 And I searched for the words party trick and I found three.
 So Gilbert Murray, who was a classical scholar and public intellectual, who was the Regious
 Professor of Greek at the University of Oxford and President of the Humanists, could take
 his socks off without removing his shoes.
 Oh, impossible.
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 It doesn't say how.
 That's a good one.
 You'd have to do it with your feet alone.
 So by squirming your feet out of them, they'd have to be loose.
 Yes.
 I think they would have to be a bit too big.
 A few sizes too big.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And George Porter, who won the Nobel Prize in Chemistry in 1967, he could balance a half-pipe
 mug of beer on his forehead and then wiggle his forehead around and drink the half-pipe
 without touching the glass.
 What?
 No, he couldn't.
 He could.
 As he's standing on his head.
 What?
 I don't know.
 According to the ODNB.
 Mary Hermione Hobhouse, who is a British architectural historian and secretary of the Victorian
 Society, she could skin, carve and bone out a large chicken, then put the flesh together inside
 its skin.
 What?
 I don't know.
 Hang on.
 Say that again.
 So basically you get a chicken and then you take all of the bones out and all of the flesh
 out and then you put all the flesh back in and all the skin back in.
 So you have a chicken with no bones in it.
 What's fitted is like when you order a whole chicken at the restaurant, but you say, can
 you finish it for me.
 But it's like, can you imagine her a party she's like, is anyone got a chicken?
 This party's not a ride, but I tell you what, if you, someone gives me a chicken mate,
 we're going to have a great hour here.
 Okay.
 It's daisy.
 You won't hurt her really.
 Well.
 Wow.
 You know the actress Glenn Close, very famous actress.
 She can fit 42 carats in her mouth at the same time.
 42.
 42.
 I want to give, I want to do a correction to that.
 It's Glenn Close's daughter who can do that.
 What?
 It runs in the family.
 Well, Glenn Close did do it on a show and she didn't fit as many, but she said, oh, that's
 the image I saw.
 Yeah.
 42 carats in the mouth.
 Glenn Close.
 No, she, it was an interview where she was talking up her daughter's amazing skill with
 the 42 characters.
 I think she got about 12 then, which is pretty impressive, but that daughter's got a big
 mouth for ever.
 She is.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And she is a bunny boiler and bunnies.
 What do they love?
 Carrots.
 Carrots.
 When you say bunny boiler, what's a bunny boiler movie?
 What's a bunny boiler movie?
 Oh, yes.
 Glenn Close is where.
 For younger listeners and James, who hasn't watched any films from pre-2000, it's where the
 term bunny boiler comes from, isn't she?
 Because she in fatal attraction put a bunny in the oven or in a kettle or something.
 There's a local hero from where you're from, James from Bolton, Amir Carr, the boxer.
 I saw the most incredible party trick.
 And I almost think someone must be pranking me.
 Like I must have misread April the first on it.
 But you know how boxers, when they have a boxing bag and they do that classic thing where
 they spin around their fists really fast and they can and then they can take it slow and
 it's going back and forth back and forth.
 I think kind of Popeye can do that to people's heads.
 Yes.
 There we go.
 Better example.
 What Popeye does to people's heads, he can do that with an empty plastic bottle.
 To take like a bottle of water, he lifts it up and he hits it and the, yeah, James has
 got a sand pellagrino and no doubt for his cat Harley, who's needing some drinks soon.
 But he can hit it and without holding it with another hand, spin it so fast that he can
 do the boxing thing with an empty bottle and it continues spinning in the exact same spot
 in the air.
 It's phenomenal.
 Come on.
 It looks like an empty gravity bottle.
 I've seen video footage of it.
 Oh, James is just got sandpaper everywhere.
 So it's like you're running on a treadmill, but your hands are your feet and the bottle
 is the treadmill.
 Just to help people out here.
 That's made more sense to me.
 You're welcome.
 Do you go to have any party tricks?
 Oh, really?
 James can rip a phone book in half with his bare hands.
 Oh, that's powerful.
 Well, again, it's just a trick, but I suppose they all are, aren't they?
 But yeah, I can do that.
 Solve Rubik's cubes, I guess.
 Yeah.
 What else?
 Oh, that's your party tricks, sitting and doing helicopters and door open and creaky door
 open.
 Yeah, I guess sound effects.
 I could do some weird noises or throw my voice, you know, make our like I'm in a different
 room.
 Hey, I'm over here, guys.
 And then they look around.
 No, I'm just behind you.
 But that, you know, half a second of slight joy.
 And then I'm often, great, looking for the dark room to have a whining.
 Yeah.
 What I like to do is, whenever I get to hang out with Reese, what I like to do is,
 do is release what are the sheep from his local paddock and hand in the velcro gloves and
 just watch as he absolutely restrains it in no time.
 I read a spectator article about party tricks.
 And one of the examples given is that in 1999, one of Queen Elizabeth's royal footmen
 was demoted from Buckingham Palace, because he had a party trick of pouring booze into
 the Corgi's food and water and watching them just stumble around drunkenly all the
 time.
 And they got caught doing that.
 But it also said in this article that it was a case back in the 16th century and actually
 17th century where if people had party tricks, it often got mistaken as potentially witchcraft.
 And so that there were a few books that were written at the time, the discovery of witchcraft
 by regional scots and Thomas Addy, a candle in the dark, which tried to separate between
 party trick and witchcraft.
 You don't have to burn the person who's just ripped a phone book in half.
 A Pierce Brosnan, what do you think his party trick would be showing off that he was bond?
 Yes.
 That's number one.
 And if people aren't impressed by that, he can eat fire.
 Oh.
 And yeah, he started out as a fire eater.
 When he was trying to make it as an actor to make Hen's meat, some of us work in a cafe,
 he did a little fire eating act, this is back in the late 60s, early 70s.
 And then he was called up when he just done gold and I was called up by the Muppets tonight,
 which I think was like a live show of the Muppets.
 It was like Saturday Night Live, but with the Muppets.
 And they called him up and said, we need you to come on, but do you do some kind of cool party
 trick?
 Do you sing or you do dance?
 And he said, no, not really, if only he said that when they called him about Mamma Mia.
 But anyway, then he said, I do do a fire eating act.
 And so they said, okay, great, do fire eating on the show.
 But they somehow gave him the wrong kind of fuel.
 I went on a forum of fire eaters and apparently this is quite a common thing.
 Everyone said it.
 And in the middle of this act with these two Muppets there cheering him on, the flame shoots
 off and then is sucked back into his mouth and burns the entire inside of his mouth so
 that his whole inner mouth is scorched and blistering.
 But the great thing is when you watch the clip, you wouldn't have a clue.
 Oh, wow.
 And that's Bond.
 Yeah.
 That's James Bond.
 We did the rest of the show.
 How to look really cheerful.
 Oh my God.
 And then straight to the hospital.
 That's a cold water if you don't mind.
 Shaken, not stirred.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can all be found online.
 I'm on Instagram on @Sriberland.
 James.
 Instagram is no such thing as James Harkin.
 Anna.
 You can email pukas.ky.com or Instagram @nosuchthing.
 Yeah.
 And Reese.
 And I'm on the insta with Reese, Ed Reese, R-H-Y-S-I-E, Derby.
 And also how you've got a new special out, right?
 Yes.
 My new comedy special, 25 years is out now on Gorilla Comedy Plus and also on YouTube.
 So check it out.
 It's 25 years the best of my material from the year dot.
 Amazing.
 If you've never seen Reese live, you were missing out.
 I hand on heart.
 This is not just saying it because he's a good friend.
 Funny a stand up.
 I have ever seen in my life.
 Barnum.
 Oh, thank you.
 Just unbelievably funny.
 And so if it's going to be the best off, presumably that's just going to be the best comedy
 special ever made.
 Yeah.
 So you've got to watch that.
 I buy logically.
 That's the best bits of the best stand up.
 All killer.
 There you go.
 So that's out now.
 Do check it out.
 If you'd like to write to us podcast at qi dot com as Anna said earlier is the place to send
 it to and we love to cherry pick from that email address.
 All of your best facts, which we bring to our Monday show, little fish.
 Or if you want to tell us about your experiences, if you want to send us photos, interesting bits
 of audio, we have another show which is hidden inside our special club, which is called club
 fish, which you'll find on patreon dot com slash club fish.
 And that show is called drop us a line.
 So Andy curates that he finds all the best emails to send them there.
 We love discussing all of your stories and join club fish anyway.
 There's amazing fun things that you can do there.
 Otherwise, just come back next week because we're going to be back with another episode.
 We'll see you all then.
 Good bye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
