 [MUSIC]
 >> Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Hoburn.
 My name is Dan Schreiber,
 I am sitting here with James Harkin,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and Anna Tyshinski.
 Once again, we have gathered around the microphones with
 our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is James.
 >> Okay, my fact this week is that
 L. Frank Baum based one of
 the witches in the Wizard of Oz on his mother-in-law.
 >> I didn't know that he was a 1970s stand-up comedian.
 >> It sounds like such a sexist fact, doesn't it?
 >> Yeah.
 >> But if we tell you who the mother-in-law involved is,
 it won't sound sexist.
 >> And also which witch it was.
 >> And which witch it was, yeah, that's more important.
 It's the beautiful and benevolent Glinda,
 who is the good witch of the North.
 >> Gotcha, you thought it was the green one.
 >> No, I don't know what color she is, I've never seen the film.
 Is it black and white?
 >> She's famously, the wicked one, is famously green.
 >> Okay.
 >> And it also is black and white, and then not.
 It was sort of the introduction of
 Technicolor to Cinema World, really.
 >> Is it?
 So it's not like follow the black and white road,
 they didn't do that.
 >> No, they invented the color process
 halfway through the first screening of the film.
 >> Yeah, very exciting, so quickly.
 >> Just randomly.
 >> He had this mother-in-law who was called Matilda Elector Jocelyn Gage.
 And it turns out that she was a very, very awesome woman,
 as well as being his mother-in-law.
 She was one of the three leaders of the women's rights movement in the US.
 So you might have heard of Susan B. Antony.
 There was also Elizabeth Cady Stanton, and there was this lady,
 Matilda Elector Jocelyn Gage.
 >> She was very cool.
 >> Yeah, she gave him lots of ideas for the story.
 In fact, she maybe even gave him the idea of becoming an author.
 And she came up with the idea of putting a cyclone in the story,
 which spoiler alert is what sends them to Oz.
 >> This is a spoiler alert from a guy who hasn't seen the film.
 >> I couldn't work out, and therefore I have a theory on how she suggested the cyclone.
 She died in March 1898, which is just when he started writing.
 And I wonder if he was having a massive mental block where he just spent years,
 like, I've got this idea, but I've got no idea how to transport them.
 And then on her death bed, she said, I've got it, cyclone, and that was it.
 Because she literally died as he was starting the book.
 So it must have been the first idea that was had.
 >> I wonder if she just already half written this book.
 And then when she died, he picked it up and went, oh, this is good.
 Because she was also an expert on witches.
 >> Oh, yes, she was, the real kind.
 >> Yeah, because when she did a lot of her sort of feminism and all that kind of stuff,
 people just kept calling her Satanic and the heretic and stuff like that.
 And they would call her a witch, which is obviously a way of demeaning women in those days.
 And as such, she decided, OK, I'm going to study them.
 And she was a real expert on witches.
 >> Yeah.
 >> So that's another part that she had to do.
 >> That's a very good point.
 >> She inspired a term.
 So she not only was a suffragette, she also was looking at any kind of discrimination
 that was going on in the States at the time.
 And she wrote a pamphlet and it was called Women as Inventors.
 And she basically said, here are all the women who have not been given their credit
 for all the inventions that they've done.
 And years later, the term, the Matilda Effect, is used to describe exactly that.
 So women who have been brushed aside from history and should get the credit.
 Now, interestingly, there's a male equivalent to this, which is called the Matthew Effect.
 And the Matthew Effect is when a male scientist who is distinguished and older often gets the credit
 if he has a co-writer who is younger and new to the field.
 That was invented by a guy called Robert K. Merton.
 Interestingly, his wife, Harriet Zuckerman, appears on the Matilda Effect list
 because she provided all the data that led to him inventing the Matthew Effect.
 Yeah.
 >> Can I ask the Matilda Effect, if you're talking about a really awesome woman
 who is like one of the main leaders of the women's rights movement,
 but you start the fact off about her son-in-law who wrote a children's book,
 is that kind of similar?
 >> I think you're banked the right stuff, yeah.
 >> Do you guys know what the reverse Matilda Effect is?
 >> Okay, so it's where women get loads of extra credit for stuff that they hadn't done?
 >> You'd think it was that, but--
 >> Is it this podcast?
 >> Wow.
 >> That is the reverse though, isn't it?
 >> Oh, wow.
 I mean, it is logically the reverse.
 I'm afraid that's not the thing that's been labeled the reverse Matilda Effect.
 This was a quite interesting study that was done in Poland last year, actually,
 where a Polish scientist ran this study where they showed over 800 school children
 a bunch of presentations about the history of math and science and STEM stuff,
 and then as part of it, they mentioned people who'd invented certain mathematical or
 scientific physics-based things, but these were made-up inventions.
 They were made-up people, and for one group of students,
 they had a woman be the inventor,
 and for the other group of students, they had a man be the inventor,
 and it turned out when they asked the students afterwards,
 when they'd mentioned that a woman was the inventor,
 the people just weren't interested in the subject.
 They were like, "Well, that sounds like a shit subject,"
 and they didn't want to study it anymore.
 >> Oh.
 >> And so we need to stop talking about women in science
 in order to get women into science, and it was the girls and boys.
 >> It was awesome.
 >> They were both like, "Ugh, women did this."
 >> And it was the same level of coolness of invention
 they were discussing for both the women and the men.
 >> It was the same invention itself.
 >> Oh, it was the same, it wasn't, okay, okay, okay.
 >> It wasn't like someone invented a doily,
 and this man invented the space rocket.
 You'd run some great studies there.
 >> But I think a doily is a cool, I've come into contact much more with the doily
 than the space rocket.
 A doily has probably avoided more human misery than a space rocket.
 >> No, it is more up your street, I agree with that.
 >> I can imagine you starting your doily ex company
 when you become a billionaire.
 >> The world's most revolutionary doily.
 >> So before he was a writer,
 L. Frank Baum worked in shops,
 and he did amazing sort of window displays, didn't he?
 Really, that's what he was famous for at the time.
 >> Didn't you have a magazine?
 How famous can you be for writing a magazine about window displays?
 >> I think in the areas where he had window displays,
 people would copy his ideas,
 and then he had the magazine,
 and he came up with lots of different ways of doing things.
 Like he thought that if you had an American flag in your window display,
 you shouldn't have a fan blowing it,
 because that's not the correct way for an American flag to be flown.
 It should be on the end of a massive stick with someone waving it,
 like a figure of eight.
 And he came up with a mechanical system
 to get a flag to go that way instead of being blown with a fan.
 >> Oh, incredible.
 >> So he just came up with loads of amazing innovations
 that we all know today, like that.
 >> And then put it in his magazine.
 >> And then he put it in his magazine
 and said, "This is what you should be doing, guys,
 not your stupid fan thing."
 >> Yeah, okay.
 >> I didn't know he did the window displays.
 I thought he just wrote about them.
 >> Oh, no.
 We should say the magazine was called "The Show Window,"
 which then became a book called
 "The Art of Decorating Dry Goods, Windows, and Interiors,"
 which was almost the last thing he published
 before "The Wizard of Oz," actually.
 >> I think it was in the same year, wasn't it?
 >> That was 1900.
 So it was maybe a year or two before.
 >> I wonder if he's got anyone out there who, if they say,
 "What do you think of L. Frank Baum?"
 They go, "I prefer his early stuff."
 >> He had a shop called Baum's Bazaar,
 which was a complete disaster,
 because it was lots of tap, basically.
 It was sort of a...
 Do you call it a bizarre stuff?
 Very nice.
 Didn't want to let that go unmarked.
 >> You know, I probably would have cut that out,
 but now that you've made a point of it,
 I think let's keep that in now.
 >> Let's shine a harsh light on that, then.
 >> Thank you, Andy.
 >> And it sold also.
 It was a very novelty-based shop.
 It was not a dry goods emporium.
 It was, you know, like chocolates and...
 >> It was based on Woolworths, wasn't it?
 >> Yeah, it was any old stuff, like lanterns,
 paper lanterns, strange glassware, anyway.
 He opened it shortly before a very harsh drought
 decimated the entire region.
 And the appetite for paper lanterns and amusing glassware
 just went through the floor.
 And lots of people were ruined.
 And I think that was the point at which,
 I think his mother-in-law, I think Matilda,
 was very concerned about his prospects.
 She didn't originally want her daughter to marry him,
 because he was a bit of a bum.
 >> Well, he was just a very bad businessman.
 [LAUGHTER]
 >> Brilliant. Brilliant.
 >> See, that's how you do it.
 >> That was good.
 Thank you for the lesson.
 >> Say it loudly, and then a loud laugh to follow it up.
 Yeah, he saw he was very bad at business,
 and that bazaar, in fact, had to be renamed Gage's Bazaar.
 And this was another member of his wife's family
 who helped him out, who I think was Helen Gage,
 his sister-in-law.
 So he drove the shop into the ground,
 and his sister-in-law was like, oh my God, poor Frank,
 he's screwed up again.
 And so she bought up all the remaining stock,
 renamed it Gage's Bazaar, and made it a very successful stock.
 >> Really? That's so good.
 We haven't mentioned his wife, Maud, daughter of Matilda.
 She came into his life, as it was a quite quick marriage.
 They were introduced by Bounds Auntie.
 He immediately said, I'm going to be marrying you one day.
 They married a few months later.
 But she was quite brutal from some of the stories
 about how she ran the house in certain ways,
 because she sort of did everything in the house.
 >> Do you mean the donut incident?
 >> Yeah, the donut incident.
 >> Let's talk about this.
 >> It's incredible.
 So he comes home one day, Frank, with a box of donuts.
 >> Right.
 >> But he hasn't consulted her about buying these donuts.
 She is furious.
 She's the one who decides what food enters the house.
 She wants only good food in the house.
 So if he was going to do anything like that,
 it had to go through her, and it was not going to go to waste.
 So he was going to have to eat all of these donuts.
 He couldn't manage it by the fourth day.
 >> It's very much a Matilda and Bruce Bogtrotter situation,
 isn't it?
 He has to eat the whole cake.
 Do you remember that?
 >> Oh, yes, yes, exactly.
 >> It's that.
 >> So by the fourth day, they start going moldy,
 and he thinks, I can't eat these anymore.
 So he sneaks out into the backyard,
 and he buries them under the ground.
 >> Right.
 >> She knows something's up, so she goes into the garden.
 She digs them back up.
 She presents them back to him and says,
 "You never buy donuts again," and he doesn't.
 And she says--
 >> Can I ask, how many donuts did he buy
 that he couldn't eat them in four days?
 >> Exactly.
 >> Well, he's got one of those Krispy Kreme full packs,
 isn't he?
 There are like a dozen in there.
 >> Anna, I've seen you go through those packs.
 >> James, we don't need to talk about my history with Toda.
 >> No, you're right.
 That is the whole in the story.
 >> Yeah.
 >> I reckon I could get through 50 in four days.
 No problem.
 >> Well, you'd have a happier marriage.
 >> Than he did, clearly.
 I love the sheer list of his failures.
 He's one of the--
 Actually, he is one of these guys who makes you think,
 if I haven't made it by age X,
 like, you know, if you haven't started by the age of three,
 you're not going to be a tennis pro, for example.
 Boom, until mid-30s, we're still just knocking about
 doing random stuff.
 >> So, is he giving you hope?
 >> He's giving me a lot of hope.
 He was a chicken breeder.
 He managed to fail selling oil in America
 in the 1880s and '90s.
 He just couldn't hack it.
 How do you fail a petrol company?
 Just ridiculous, yeah.
 >> I thought the saddest story about Frank
 was, did you read about when he tried to be an actor?
 >> No.
 >> I will save him.
 He tried so much.
 The reason I know I'm not him,
 I'm not going to suddenly be successful at 40,
 is that he, like, had a new fan every year
 and he threw himself into it.
 And his dad bought a bunch of theaters
 and he decided I'll be an actor.
 So he kept on asking producers to cast him.
 And eventually, one said,
 "Oh, yeah, I'll definitely cast you in loads of leading roles,
 but you need to provide all the costumes
 for all of the possible leading roles you could be cast in."
 So when he told his mum and dad,
 his dad said, "No."
 The mum said, "Oh, come on, he's got a job.
 Buy this stuff."
 So they spent thousands and thousands of dollars
 buying up all the leading roles,
 like, you know, Romeo, Macbeth, all the costumes.
 He turned up with the theater troupe.
 On the first day, the actor was playing Romeo, said,
 "Oh, my doublet's a bit broken.
 Can I just borrow that costume of yours?"
 Oh, my God.
 "Within four days, every single costume
 had been taken from him and not returned."
 Did he play anyone in the play in the end?
 He got some tiny little extra parts.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He got so many.
 No.
 That's amazing.
 Speaking of costumes, by the way,
 obviously a movie, The Wizard of Oz.
 Yeah, yes.
 The Cowardly Lion costume was very, very heavy.
 But the really interesting thing about it
 is because it was made of real lion fur
 and because lions have distinctive fur patterns,
 they had to use the same one
 all the way through.
 Because if they wore a different lion,
 they'd be like, "Oh, that's just a different lion's costume
 because it's a different pattern."
 Wait, as in would a viewer, a casual viewer of the film,
 think, "Where did the lion go?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Who's this?
 Who's just a new character they've just introduced?"
 Well, on the other hand, you might say,
 "Good work," to say, "Let's try and make it
 as much fun to do it to as possible."
 And probably to kill as few lions as you need to.
 I agree with all of this.
 I don't know if you needed to kill one.
 If I'm going to be totally honest,
 was the real lion fur completely necessary?
 Because actually, I'm thinking about the character of the film.
 He looks nothing like a lion.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They could have just put a yellow carpet on him, couldn't they?
 And then, "Oh, we'll just keep using the same yellow..."
 Actually, use the second yellow carpet.
 It doesn't matter.
 I had no idea that that was an actual lion's costume.
 That was a real lion's fur.
 "What? How about perm?
 Lions don't have that natural perm."
 Like, the head bit was separate.
 The head bit was moulded.
 But the actual fur bit was real fur.
 Oh, right.
 The one with the furringed.
 Another interesting thing about that
 is that it went up for auction in 2014.
 And one way of authenticating it
 is they looked at the patterns on the movie
 and they could see it was the same
 on the costume that they had.
 So they knew it was real.
 Ah.
 And it sold for $3 million,
 which makes it the third highest priced outfit
 ever sold from a Hollywood film.
 Incredible.
 And the winner is...
 Can we guess the others?
 I think you can guess one of them.
 Batman's costume with the nipples on from the TV.
 The TV version.
 Very true.
 Very good, no.
 Jim Carrey's wig in Dumb and Dumber, the four haircuts.
 Oh, I'm going to say Ruby Slippers, surely.
 So they're not from that movie.
 Marilyn Monroe's dress from...
 Is it the 70-year-rich?
 The winner from the 70-year-rich.
 $4.6 million that sold for.
 Rosebud, the sleigh from...
 No, you won't get the other one.
 That's not a costume.
 That was an actor in that.
 Not that you won't know it, but you won't have guessed it.
 It's Audrey Hepburn's dress from My Fair Lady.
 Oh, from My Fair Lady?
 Wow.
 Yeah, that's incredible.
 Andy, back to your point very quickly about...
 He was going through lots of different careers
 and he finally had enough and he was like,
 "I'm going to become a proper writer."
 And he sits down finally to write The Wizard of Oz.
 I really like this because you do often wonder
 if you've written something that is going to change the world.
 I always wondered, does an author have that feeling?
 He clearly did.
 He got to the end of it and he had his pencil
 that he'd used to write the manuscript with
 and it was right down to the nub.
 And he immediately framed that pencil
 because he knew that he'd written something that was great.
 It was next to his window display pencil
 and it had his exotic chicken pencils in it.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the journey towards modern weight loss drugs
 begins with the venom of a Gila monster.
 Do you mean a Gila monster?
 I do and that is how I've seen it written down.
 It's because I don't live in Utah.
 I've never heard it called a Gila monster.
 We have had this discussion before we came on Mike
 and I always called it a Gila monster
 but apparently you've been wrong.
 No, it's not.
 I don't even think you need to do the...
 Yeah, I don't know where that came from.
 I think it's just...
 What do you meant to say?
 Just Gila, right?
 Wait a minute, wait a minute.
 It's healing people and it's a Gila monster.
 Oh my god.
 We blowed the shit wide open.
 Wow, wow, wow.
 You've got to reword the fact.
 That's terrific.
 So I read this on a great blog called Astral Codex 10
 and it was from a piece about Ozempic
 and it was about this whole class of weight loss drugs
 and where they come from.
 They're called GLP1 drugs.
 They were invented for diabetes
 and then the scientists noticed no, everyone's losing weight.
 Human and rat who were trying this on, they're all losing weight.
 The basic thing about these drugs is
 and the reason they work for weight loss
 is that when you eat a meal,
 you're intestine detects that you've eaten
 and it releases this hormone which is called
 glucagon like peptide 1, GLP1.
 That hormone tells your body you're full
 and commences operations to sort of deal with it.
 So, you know, your body will, you know,
 it tells you pancreas to release insulin.
 It pushes sugar down and so on.
 But the problem is, originally, you couldn't make a synthetic version
 of that exact chemical, the GLP1,
 because it decays within a minute.
 So if you were going to use that as a drug,
 you would have to inject yourself with it every hour.
 You know, it's not an effective way
 of tricking your body into thinking you're full.
 But in 1992, scientists found that healer monster venom.
 I pulled out of the full Espanola, healer monster venom.
 It has this chemical in it which does a similar thing.
 It triggers all the processes that GLP1 does,
 but it lasts two hours.
 And so they started playing around with the structure of that
 and making a synthetic version of that.
 And they came up with something called exenotide,
 which was sold to treat diabetes.
 And then other scientists piled in
 and started, you know, the thing which led to his M pic.
 Yeah, I really like.
 So it was 1984, Dr. Daniel Drucker.
 I have a lot of connection to that.
 I was born in '84, called Daniel as well.
 Got it spooky.
 It's really weird, isn't it?
 Jesus Christ.
 I love that he found out this thing about the healer monster
 and thought, I need to test it,
 but they didn't have any of its DNA in the bank.
 So any that they did wasn't usable.
 So he had to get in contact with a zoo.
 He had to go and actually get one in person
 and had to apply for them to go and find one.
 He didn't go and get one.
 Well, they actually, it fluted him on a plane.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it was good too.
 We'd go in the zoo and sneak one out and just come.
 But he sort of talks about how it was very different back then
 when you were trying to get any of these kind of DNAs
 that you had a theory about.
 And that's what it was.
 He said, I think this could be to help diabetes.
 And they went, fine, that's good enough.
 We'll go and get you one.
 It came in a cage with a metal bottom
 because they're so good at digging healer monsters
 that they thought if we put it in any other cage,
 it will just dig its way out.
 Dig its way through the bottom of the plane.
 Oh my God, imagine if that's what caused a terrible tragedy.
 So then he did this work.
 And then there was a guy called John Eng
 who synthesized a version.
 So this Daniel Drucker was working with actual healer monsters.
 And then John Eng came up with this version,
 which was fake, not fake, but you know what I mean.
 It was synthetic.
 Yeah, synthetic.
 And he had never seen a healer monster in his entire,
 he probably pronounced it Gila monster like that.
 He'd never seen one in his whole life at that stage.
 Also, we should say, obviously,
 as Epic has become one of the most valuable,
 remarkable drugs in the world.
 It does sound like the beginning of a horror film, doesn't it?
 Like, it was great.
 We all started inventing this synthetic lizard saliva
 and the effects were great at first.
 We should also say that Novo Nodesk, who make as Epic,
 they say that the Gila monster study has nothing to do with Epic.
 And that it was an important step in the making of this kind of drugs.
 But their work was separate to the Gila monster.
 Well, actually, I don't know if you know this,
 but the Gila effect, James, is the name for when Gila monsters
 are not given due credit for the inventions that they make.
 There isn't an enormous bank of Gila monsters
 somewhere in Denmark being systemically drained of their venom.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's not.
 But it did take about 20 years between the Gila monster discovery,
 all the way for it to be approved by the American pharmaceutical companies.
 Yeah, that's because it was two different.
 Yeah, it was a long journey.
 And yeah, so that happened April 28th, 2005, which is my birthday.
 Yeah, that's stunning.
 Your 21st birthday when you became a man is the, my God.
 And here's one more thing just to say.
 Like these new drugs that people are taking to make them thinner,
 it gives you this GLP1, which helps you not want to eat.
 You can get GLP1 naturally.
 Good news for everyone.
 But unfortunately, you have to eat basically healthy foods and exercise.
 Well, guys, it doesn't have to be that healthy.
 You could literally just eat porridge instead of taking a Zempik.
 And it does the same thing.
 And that's an exaggeration because it's not nearly as powerful.
 But I did find it really interesting, the role of fiber.
 I had no idea what fiber did as an appetite suppressant.
 So it does the same thing when you eat fiber.
 It goes through your digestive system really slowly.
 You can't really digest it.
 So usually the stuff you eat, like Andy said,
 it triggers the release of this GLP, which tells your body,
 "I'm full. Don't eat anymore."
 But then it goes away really fast.
 If you eat loads of fiber, some brown bread, some porridge,
 then that takes ages getting to your colon.
 And then that triggers way more release of it later on.
 So as Zempik does, it will tell you,
 "I'm full two hours, three hours after you've eaten."
 There's a weird thing about Zempik,
 which is that it works inside the brain.
 So the anti-diabetic effect happens in your intestine
 because that's where the GLP1 is released.
 And that is what triggers the body to slow down its release of sugar.
 For example, to prevent a big sugar spike.
 But scientists didn't know for a long time
 exactly how Zempik controls the mental sensation of hunger.
 And it shouldn't be possible for it to happen
 because there's the thing in your body, the blood-brain barrier,
 which is meant to keep your brain just working on nice, clean blood
 with no other stuff in it.
 Just stops any big molecules from getting in.
 And Zempik, the drug, is a big molecule.
 So what the hell is going on?
 And it turns out that if a little bit gets in
 and that activates a bit of the brain stem,
 which in turn acts as a kind of transmitter, relay station,
 for other bits of the brain,
 that then makes your brain generate its own GLP1
 because it's not only made in the intestine.
 So that's why you feel less hungry.
 That's really weird.
 So there's another thing that I was going to mention
 off the back of - I wonder if Fibro would do this for you,
 and I don't think it does.
 One of the side effects of taking a Zempik and other weight loss drugs
 is a lot of people have reported the stopping of what they call food noise
 and food noise.
 I've never personally had it, but if you need -
 I've sat next to you while you're eating,
 and you do have a lot of food noise.
 I have outward food noise.
 Yeah, not inside food noise.
 And inside food noise is if you can't help,
 but keep eating and keep eating,
 it's your head talking to you going,
 "We need food. We need food right now.
 Do you see that place?
 Why don't you get some food?"
 And it's this thing that people really suffer from
 when they're trying to be all done.
 I don't think it's always necessarily like a voice saying it.
 It could be just a feeling.
 Exactly.
 They call it the noise.
 And supposedly, a Zempik knocks out the noise as well as suppressing the -
 But is that just because you feel full?
 And so your body, your brains can stop saying it?
 I think people who are full still have the noise going,
 "We could probably get a bit more."
 "We could probably get a bit more."
 "We could probably get a bit more."
 Another doughnut.
 "Come on, you can do it."
 It's great that mould off the top, but it's still good.
 It is the case that it's not just about when you're full,
 because it stops other cravings, I think.
 So it's supposed to be quite good for people who are addicted to other things.
 Yes.
 And unfortunately, people who are addicted to exercise,
 it seems to stop you from wanting to exercise.
 You don't need to anymore, you've been.
 We haven't actually mentioned the real major player in the Zempik story.
 And that is the great theme tune it has.
 You know, Magic by Van Kled Pilot.
 So that it's, "Oh, whoa, whoa, it's magic."
 You know that one?
 Okay.
 Okay, Andy doesn't know it.
 Well, we might not be able to put that in for legal reasons,
 but we'll Google it if we haven't.
 But they changed it to, "Okay, so, oh, oh, it's magic."
 Oh.
 They changed it to, "Oh, oh, oh, ozempik."
 And so, everyone was singing it.
 And they were saying that psychologically,
 they think it worked really well, because it's such an upbeat song.
 It makes you feel good, but you all at the certain age know
 that the word that ozempik represents is magic,
 and magic is now in your head.
 And so, the lead singer of Pilot had no idea that this was happening.
 He just started getting messages going,
 "I'm hearing your song everywhere in America."
 And he was like, "What's going on?"
 Because they're able to license the song out,
 no one had to ask him for its use of adverts and...
 Okay, so it sounds like we can use it.
 Sing the whole thing.
 Unfortunately, it'll be owned by a huge multinational music company.
 That's the issue, yeah.
 But so, he himself is so on board with it
 that he's even gone back to Abbey Road
 to record the ozempik version of the song.
 Is it possible that all of the science behind ozempik is nonsense,
 and the only way it works is that that theme tune
 has replaced food noise in people's heads?
 That could be it.
 Shall we go on to Healer Monsters?
 I said at the start, we're blowing shit wide open.
 They do open their bums to keep cool.
 Clever.
 Can they do it?
 Can they just, with thought, or like with muscle movement?
 They don't hold it open.
 They don't hold it open.
 That's what I'm asking.
 They don't have a poseable thumb stand.
 What do you do with a finger?
 Well, they could do each other's.
 Basically, a lot of reptiles keep themselves cool by opening their mouths.
 But they can open the cloacas as well,
 which will help moisture evaporate,
 and it can cool them by up to three degrees.
 That is a lot for Healer Monster parties that must be,
 "Are you feeling too hot?"
 No.
 I think you are.
 Shut your asshole at the dinner table.
 Because they're found in the desert of North America, aren't they?
 Yeah, they have underground mostly, because it's so hot.
 They only come out for a few weeks each year.
 You just see a bum sticking out.
 But their tail as well, right, is amazing.
 When I was reading about them, I thought,
 "Well, that's a cool thing. I wish we could do that as well."
 Well, store your fat in a tail.
 Yeah, so it means that they only need a few meals per year, basically,
 and if they're in trouble, that's their stock sitting there,
 all the fat in their tail.
 There's another thing they can do,
 and this, I'm afraid, is at that end of the body related to the bum thing.
 They store water in their bladder, right?
 And then the phrase I found was,
 "They reabsorb it across the bladder epithelium."
 And what that means is they can have a reverse piss inside themselves back into their system.
 It's not mad.
 Can they do that just with thought?
 Or do they have to shut their hands off?
 Squeeze.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that for many years in the 2000s,
 New Zealand's highest-earning sports personality was Tiger Woods' caddy.
 It's a bit embarrassing, isn't it?
 Well, who's your greatest sports star by brute force of economics?
 Is this guy who carries stuff around?
 Oh, there's a lot more to it than that.
 There's so much more.
 It's an incredible job.
 Being a caddy, if you don't carry the things around, you do get fired.
 That's undoubtedly the main part.
 I'll give you that.
 How much are we talking?
 Well, I very specifically worded it as personality.
 Obviously, it's not sports star, you know.
 The 2000s, you would have had Jonah Lomu, you would have had all these characters.
 I didn't want to call, and his name is Steve Williams.
 I didn't want to call him very specifically a sports star.
 I would say he's famous in the golfing world.
 Absolutely.
 The reason he got so rich is because caddies have a salary, right?
 They get paid all year round by their golfers if they're playing the whole year.
 But on top of that, when the golfer wins something,
 a percentage of it goes to the caddy.
 Now, those numbers are sometimes hidden.
 It's often thought to be 10% of what they get.
 So if you're winning, you know, a million dollars, that's a good amount.
 And he was Tiger Woods's caddy.
 There was an unprecedented, I think I'm right in saying, James, moment in golf,
 where he won all the majors.
 He won four back-to-back.
 And Woods, were there signs on the golf course
 that it was going to the caddies head?
 Like, was he turning up with a golden bag and things like this, you know?
 He had his own caddy, I think.
 Yeah, I don't really do the carrying part.
 It's not really for me that.
 Yeah, I think they're all quite humble caddies,
 actually, having met a few in my life.
 I think, and because it's historical, isn't it?
 It goes back to, you guys must have found this.
 It was like people in Edinburgh or something.
 A few hundred years.
 And they used to be kind of general porters in Scotland,
 who were, the word caddy was applied to just someone.
 It was like a delivery driver kind of thing.
 Yeah.
 It was a kind of person who would pick you up something
 and bring it to your house.
 And they were unionized and stuff like taxi drivers kind of thing.
 And, you know, if you needed someone to do you a job,
 then you would just get a caddy to do it.
 Right, yeah.
 And the thing they seem very keen to emphasize now,
 which probably people don't know who aren't into golf,
 is that there is more to it than carrying all the clubs around,
 even though that's the main part.
 Yeah.
 And I didn't know that they do give lots of advice.
 I'd actually like to know from James,
 actually, in reality, on the golf pitch.
 Jesus.
 You know, how much do they do that?
 Because the idea is with a caddy,
 you have to know the whole course,
 like all the bumps and lumps.
 Are they like a pilot for a ship?
 You know, you have pilots who know the local terrain
 and advise how to get out of this particular river
 without bumping in something.
 Okay, so if you play normal golf with your mates,
 you don't have a caddy.
 Okay.
 Be very rare to have a caddy.
 Would you look like a real tool if you turned up with one?
 Yeah, you would.
 I mean, it would be insane.
 It would be utter, utter insanity.
 However, if you like, let's say you go and play in St Andrews,
 which is the oldest golf course,
 one of the oldest golf courses in the world,
 probably the most venerable.
 You turn up.
 It's a really important moment in your life
 because you're a huge golf fan.
 They will have caddies there who will carry your bags for you
 and give you lots of tips.
 And they will really tell you,
 okay, on this hole, it looks like you should go to the right,
 but actually it's better if you go to the left,
 that kind of thing.
 Yeah.
 And in the professionals, though,
 would Tiger Woods have his caddy,
 you know, give him advice?
 Yeah.
 Or like, they're too good.
 Like, you know, in reality,
 would it be a free shot?
 So before the round start,
 your caddy would walk out and walk the whole course.
 They would make their books,
 which would tell you where all the shots come in from,
 the different yardages.
 They, yeah, they just give you lots of advice.
 The suggestions about which irons to use
 because you have multiple different ones.
 You have, you know, it goes even deeper than that.
 Like, for example, in Tiger Woods's case,
 there was one time when there was a boulder in the way of his ball.
 So he hit his ball and it landed behind the boulder.
 And they worked out that the boulder was loose on the ground,
 which meant it was a loose impediment.
 And his caddy, Sisyphus, was able to...
 [LAUGHTER]
 Temporarily remove it.
 Just for the moment, yeah.
 But no, and so that was his job.
 He had to get down.
 I think what happened there is they got a load of people
 who were watching to move it.
 It was part, actually, Tiger Woods had such a large team
 that it was his team.
 But legally on the rules,
 you can have onlookers come and move an object.
 If it's just sort of resting on the ground, rather.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So because it was loose, he was allowed to move it.
 This Steve Williams, who we're talking about,
 he used to be the caddy for Raymond Floyd.
 One of his jobs was when Raymond hit the ball,
 towards the hole.
 Both Raymond and Steve had to stare at the ball
 and will it into the hole?
 That was part of his job?
 Part of his job.
 Is that his job description?
 Well, you might get fired if it doesn't go in,
 and he looks at you and says, "You weren't willing it."
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was your fault.
 So yeah, so yeah, it's a real...
 It's like when you watch those car races that are off-road,
 where they've got someone sitting there
 with a little buck telling it, "It's like that."
 Really, drivers?
 Yeah.
 Well, so there was a very famous caddy,
 troop, in the Augusta National Golf Course,
 which I guess is the biggest deal in the world,
 as a golf course, one of the biggest deals in the world.
 One of the biggest.
 A big deal.
 Yeah.
 It's where the masters happens.
 Correct.
 America.
 America, yes.
 Thank you.
 In Georgia.
 Okay, got it, got it.
 And they had a very famous troop of caddies,
 so it was started in the 1930s, 1934, I think,
 and the caddies were all sourced from a local area,
 which was a completely black area,
 and they were all like black kids
 who were making a bit of extra money
 by carrying their bags around.
 And between 1934 and 1983, I think it was,
 it was like all black caddies who were sourced from there.
 I think the first white caddy there was 1983,
 when golfers started bringing their own,
 which was very controversial.
 But the godfather of the Augusta caddies
 was this guy called Willie Pappy Stokes,
 who started when he was 12,
 and he ran this caddy's school.
 But yeah, they set a lot of the golfers at the time,
 said it was completely down to the caddies that they won.
 There was a champion called Fuzzy Zella,
 who was very famous.
 Yeah, we all know the champion called Fuzzy Zella.
 We all know Fuzzy.
 And we all know that he was the only person
 ever to win the Masters on his debut.
 And when he did so, he said, it was nothing to do with him,
 he said he was led around by Jerry Beard,
 his caddy, like a blind man with a seeing eye dog.
 Fuzzy and Beard.
 Is that your takeaway of that, Anna Gollum?
 It's all I can remember.
 Is this true, James?
 I don't know if you...
 That's the person who plays golf here.
 They're known as the 15th club.
 I can understand that because you're only allowed 14 clubs.
 Right. And there's this great...
 But you're not allowed to use them for that, are you?
 Yeah, it's rare circumstances where...
 They're a bit like the daemon in Philip Pullman's Northern Lights, you know?
 Yeah, they're always a different animal.
 They're so umbilically tied to the golfer,
 you know, that's a real team thing.
 There's a golfer, right.
 If I'm saying his name wrong, I'm sorry, Ian Woozenham.
 Correct.
 He was doing extremely well in 2000 in the Open Championship.
 He was playing the golf of his life.
 Yeah, he was very far ahead.
 Oh, Woosie.
 Woosie.
 That is his nickname.
 Woosie.
 Has Fuzzy ever played Woosie?
 And then at this key moment when he was doing brilliantly,
 his caddy said to him,
 "There's too many clubs in the bag."
 And he'd miscounted the number of clubs.
 And the golfer, Woozenham, had to go up to the judge, umpire,
 manage charge, rules official.
 There we go.
 And say, "I've got 14, I've got 15 clubs."
 Yeah, this is a shot for every hole, I think.
 He was penalized a couple of strokes and he lost his cool.
 And it was all the fault of the caddy, just not counting.
 How many?
 Because he'd tried two different versions of the same club
 and then they'd all just gone into the bag.
 That's terrible.
 And he was ahead and he would have won big money
 and then he didn't.
 And then he was forgiven.
 Woozenham forgave him, probably through quite a gritted teeth.
 And then the next, he failed to show up on time for an early tee off.
 I think a few, not long after that, I think he got shown the door.
 Fair, absolutely fair.
 They do get fired every now and then.
 There's a guy called Robert Allenby, who's an Australian golfer.
 And he has fired a couple of caddies,
 but one of them, he fired them halfway through the round.
 And so one of the spectators had to come in
 and carry his bag for the rest.
 Really?
 That's good to be a serious infraction, if it's...
 I think he was a troubled man at the time
 and they'd had a bit of a set too.
 Okay.
 Did the spectator provide the advice?
 Or was he going, "You hit it sort of over that way?"
 A bit higher than you did before.
 It does sound really scary,
 like the intensity of some of these moments
 because of the penalties that you can get.
 That's fascinated by the rules of golf.
 There's a story from that same period with Tiger Woods
 and with Steve Williams, where it's the final day
 of one of the major tournaments.
 And he's going into the bag to get Tiger Woods a ball.
 And he's suddenly like, "There's way less balls in here.
 There's only three balls in here.
 There's meant to be six."
 And what happened was,
 Tiger Woods had been practicing putting in his hotel room
 and forgot to put three balls back inside into the bag.
 Yeah, that's what he was doing in his hotel room.
 So he's...
 So that's Tiger Woods' fault?
 Tiger Woods' fault, except no, it's Steve's fault.
 Steve should have checked the balls before they started.
 Now the game has started.
 And the issue is, if you can't say to the guy next to you,
 "Can I borrow one of your balls?"
 If he's playing with a different one,
 you will get a penalty and strokes will be added to your count.
 So he's going, "You've got three balls.
 Don't tell Tiger.
 It's absolutely fine."
 Tiger hits the first ball, scuffs it,
 goes, "Oh, this is crap.
 Hands it to a kid."
 Steve goes, "I can't take it off the kid.
 This is live TV.
 It's going to look so bad."
 So he doesn't do that.
 Then they go, and then later in the game...
 He's very brave to have to ask,
 "A kid, can I have my ball back?"
 Yeah, true.
 And then he hits it off into a spot
 where I think he wants to reset the ball.
 So he goes, "Give me my next ball."
 Now Steve knows this is the final ball.
 So things are going to screw everything over for Tiger Woods
 if he doesn't land this next shot.
 I'm so stressed.
 I know.
 That's the thing.
 It's like high octane.
 It's like a poly-13.
 Anyway, it makes the shot and it's fine.
 But you don't really know what's going on.
 Is that it?
 Does the poly-13 end abruptly as well?
 Yeah, it all works out fine.
 Yeah, it's all fine.
 Right.
 Okay.
 It's intense.
 Yeah, wow.
 It's so intense.
 There's one other caddy who got fired that I read about.
 I don't know if you guys know about him.
 So first of all, they all have nicknames, apparently,
 which is quite cool.
 Literally, every caddy seems to have a nickname
 like John Stovepipe Gordon or Frank Marbleye Stokes.
 And there was one called Willie Cemetery-Pertit
 who was Dwight Eisenhower's caddy.
 Oh.
 So his nickname Cemetery.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So his nickname Cemetery.
 So he was fired in the end for being too old and slow,
 but the way he got...
 We all get there very slow.
 James, your days are numbered.
 But the reason he got his,
 the reason he got his nickname,
 it was given to him by Eisenhower
 and it was because he by night was a jazz drummer
 and he was leaving a gig
 and he was jumped by this gang with knives
 who had been sent by his ex-girlfriend
 who was upset that he dumped her.
 And he was very badly injured.
 He was sent to hospital.
 People thought he was dead.
 He basically woke up in a morgue
 staring into the eye of a mortician
 who was about to, you know,
 to cover him in wax or whatever and imbarm him
 because he'd been given the wrong medicine.
 Everyone thought he had died.
 Wow.
 And so from that day on, he was called Deadman
 until Eisenhower said,
 "I don't like having a caddy who's called Deadman.
 Shall we go with Cemetery?"
 Isn't that a good nickname story?
 That is good.
 That's really cool.
 That's a solid one, Keith.
 I wonder if he's in the caddy hall of fame.
 He's not.
 He's not?
 Oh man.
 I had to look into the caddy hall of fame.
 130 men and women have been entered into the hall of fame.
 129 men.
 Exactly.
 Actually 128 men.
 There's two women,
 but one of them isn't a caddy.
 So it's a lady.
 So Fanny Soonison, who is a very famous caddy.
 She was Nick Valdos' caddy for many years.
 She's the only actual female caddy in there.
 The other person's called Laura Cohn,
 and she's who founded the caddy hall of fame.
 And so she's in there for honorary purposes.
 Just to get herself in there.
 Yeah.
 That's very funny.
 Someone else who's in there is George Lucas.
 Oh yes.
 Yeah.
 It's a caddy hall of fame.
 Absolutely.
 George Lucas started his career as a caddy,
 and he is actually the king of the yardage books
 that James mentioned,
 which is the books that now everyone carries around.
 Actually now they've been banned.
 Actually.
 Have they been fully banned?
 Like as in in the last maybe six months.
 I'm sorry.
 What's a yardage book?
 It's a thing where a book that was sort of invented
 by a few individual golfers in the 50s or 60s,
 where they drew up the complete lay of the land,
 very detailed, all the contours, the distances,
 the angles and everything.
 And then this George Lucas guy was like,
 I'm going to make an official one.
 Spoiler alert, it actually wasn't the same George Lucas.
 I don't think, although I didn't a hundred percent check.
 It is a different George Lucas.
 What an incredibly, incredibly misleading fact.
 Jesus.
 Here we go.
 I'm going to put you back.
 Oh great.
 Okay.
 He's actually more interesting than George Lucas,
 and they could be the same person
 because the way he measures all the distances
 is he goes around or he went around golf courses
 with a laser and he fired lasers
 at different spots on the golf course.
 And you know, the time they took to bounce back
 told him the distance it took.
 Which, if that's not a light saber, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 I don't know what it is.
 Well, he does insist all the golfers he caddies for
 will go as they're about to hit with the club, doesn't he?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Yeah, he's wild.
 He's, what's his nickname?
 He has a nickname.
 This is George Lucas.
 George, not that one.
 It was something like gorgeous.
 Like.
 Oh yeah, gorgeous with a J.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Wow.
 Very nice.
 Okay.
 I don't know how I got onto this,
 but I was trying to find sports where you can bring a friend.
 Like, like carrying, I suppose.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Okay.
 So, you know, weightlifting.
 You often have someone to like help you with the weights.
 No.
 You would know someone to spot you,
 you know, when you're lifting a big heavy bar,
 they might be able to step in
 if you get into difficulties or whatever.
 In professional stuff, do they?
 I don't know.
 But they might do.
 They might do.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Anyway, just the Google, you know,
 what shows up automatically
 when you type in sports where you can.
 It's quite interesting.
 You've got sports where you can be short.
 Oh yeah.
 Fair for you.
 I didn't look it up.
 Sports where you can start late.
 And I thought originally,
 I thought that meant like at noon or whatever.
 Actually, it turns out it's sports where you can start.
 If you want to be the L.
 Frank Baum of.
 Exactly.
 That's it.
 Exactly.
 Exactly, start late.
 And wait a minute.
 If you just, the gun's fired, everyone's gone.
 Are you gone?
 Just give me a second.
 I'll start on the next lap.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And most of those articles,
 I did follow this one.
 It's mostly, look, even if you're 12,
 it turns out you can start this sport
 and be fine with it in life.
 But the one exception
 doesn't seem to be equestrianism.
 Yeah, jockies.
 So old.
 Show jumpers are often in their mid 40s.
 There was another New Zealander
 called Julie Braum,
 who debuted at the Rio Olympics age 62.
 And a lot of the horses are old, too.
 Are they?
 They're teenagers.
 In horses.
 In horses.
 They're quite old for a horse.
 Yeah, yeah.
 We've spoken to a lot of sports people
 for our other podcasts that we won't go into.
 No, I don't want to mention it here.
 It's embarrassing.
 It was last year when we did all that plug-in.
 But occasionally,
 like, I think shooters tended to be a bit late.
 And occasionally, you do come up with someone
 who started when they're at university and stuff.
 Like, you get rowers who start at university and...
 Yeah.
 So it's time to get into it, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Often in the Paralympics, you start later,
 which is quite hard to decide to do that.
 That's a slightly weird thing
 that I wasn't expecting to learn about caddying,
 which is, I assumed that maybe it was an alternative career
 once you tried to be a golfer,
 and then you pivoted into that as a secondary job.
 But Steve Williams started doing it at six.
 And a lot of caddies started when they were very, very young,
 and that was the primary job.
 Is it?
 Like, it's a job.
 That is interesting.
 It's a skill.
 It's a...
 It's got this whole...
 The money is so variable,
 depending on whether you're Tiger Woods' caddy or not,
 basically.
 Yeah.
 And there have been some controversies.
 Like, there was a golfer some years ago
 who he won $1.3 million on an event,
 and he paid his caddy $5,000.
 And that was a real controversy.
 What is it? How'd you do this?
 That was that Jim Furrick, was it?
 It was Matt Kucha.
 Oh, Matt Kucha, that's right.
 Matt Kucha.
 And there was a little bit of backlash to that at the time.
 But he said, "Look, we had an arrangement.
 He's very happy with it.
 He's earned five grand a week.
 Well done, him."
 He's really happy with that.
 Honestly, still people bring that up to Kucha.
 Really?
 In interviews and stuff, yeah.
 So, is it that discreet?
 Because Dan was saying you have to pay some of the prize money
 to them, but it doesn't matter.
 I think his normal caddy wasn't there,
 so he brought in a new person and said,
 "I'll pay you this flat sum."
 Right, so there's not a rule
 which is like you have to pay them 10%.
 Just on rich sports people and jockeys,
 you can be super rich and old as a jockey.
 And do you know the--
 Keep talking.
 So, I happened to come across a list
 of the 50 most well-paid jockeys in the world.
 Okay, current.
 And current.
 And 29 of them are Japanese,
 with 29 out of the top 50 are Japanese.
 It's huge in Japan because it's one of the only
 four sports you can gamble on legally.
 So, they get loads of money.
 And the top guy, Yutaka Takei, is 56,
 and he's earned a billion dollars.
 But what?
 I think a lot of that money was when he was a sumo wrestler
 before he got the azempic.
 You're absolutely correct.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that if 88 elephants
 balanced on a 50p piece on a parrotfish's beak,
 the beak would not break.
 What part is the 50p piece playing in this?
 It feels like an unnecessary intermediary layer, does it?
 I'll tell you, I'll tell you what part it's playing.
 Pressure, it depends on area.
 And I think I have to say,
 and I have to come out and say it at the top,
 because otherwise, someone's going to mention it.
 I was clicking through some stuff,
 and I ended up weeding an article in Scientific American
 called Fun Facts About Teeth.
 And yes, I'm a senior QI researcher,
 and it's a long time since I read an article
 called Fun Facts About X.
 But it was a good article, and it was in this article,
 and it said it's about an inch.
 So, if you have them balancing on it, it's where inch.
 So, I thought 50p is about an inch, probably.
 One of the old ones.
 I had the 50p on its side.
 Did you hit it on its edge, but it's not.
 No, sorry.
 No, I think that would break it.
 Sorry.
 No, it's 50p laid down flat.
 Then I've got a big apology to make to my parrot fish.
 And this is just the power.
 We're going to cut to live to see the experiment in action.
 Abort!
 Abort!
 Have you factored in the weight of the 50p?
 Because it's exactly 88 elephants.
 I haven't.
 Okay, it's 87.9999 elephants, and the 50p piece.
 Asian or African elephants?
 Bullocks.
 Are we talking full grown males, or are we talking newly hatched?
 All right, I'm just going to give you the amounts.
 Okay, let's just take away the stupid metaphor,
 and I'll tell you that one square inch can take 530 tons of pressure.
 You happy?
 Okay, what's a parrot fish?
 So, it's a fish, and they have these beaks,
 so they're the fish you often see on coral reefs gnawing away,
 and they're quite beautiful.
 What should move the elephants out of the way?
 [Laughter]
 Yeah, it wasn't a great dive.
 The reef was covered in elephant dung.
 It was horrible.
 That's why they're dying out.
 Yeah.
 They have, they're very beautiful, except for their faces, I would say,
 and maybe it's just a personal thing.
 I get that a lot as well.
 [Laughter]
 Because they've got these weird beaks,
 and it looks a little bit like, if you've ever seen,
 what's it called, the sheet-ped fish, which has almost human, giant human teeth.
 Yeah.
 But their beaks are made from about a thousand teeth,
 arranged in 15 rows, but they've been compressed and compressed and compressed,
 and sort of a molecular level of woven to make them incredibly hard.
 It's the stiffest biomineral ever found,
 which, of course, is not the same as the hardest.
 It's only the second hardest.
 What's the difference between stiff and hard?
 The questioner took me a sitting long time to work that out.
 Did you have something you did?
 Harder means if you, like, get a diamond on it.
 One of them will scratch the other.
 Yes.
 Basically, yeah.
 Okay.
 That's oddness.
 Diffness, I think, is more about how bendable it is.
 So if you try and dent it with your fingernail,
 it will dent the least out of any, what did you call it, biomineral?
 Biomineral, yeah, basically just a thing that's made by nature.
 It's fluorapatite, right?
 Yes, fluorapatite.
 And fluorapatite is the same stuff as you get on your teeth
 if you use fluoride toothpaste.
 Really?
 Your teeth create fluorapatite, which makes them so strong.
 I did not know that.
 But I would not be able to, for example, as these fish do, chew coral.
 No, because most of your teeth are made of dentine and other stuff,
 but you do get small amounts of fluorapatite in your teeth if you use fluorine.
 That is very cool.
 But don't try the elephant trick.
 Okay, so these parrotfish, they're very good in a way for coral reefs,
 despite the fact they eat large chunks of coral reef,
 because the reef gets algae growing all over it, doesn't it?
 And that slightly inhibits the growth and the natural functioning of it.
 So along comes Mr. Parrotfish and just crunch, crunch, crunch.
 Because it wants to eat the algae.
 Weird thing is the parrotfish don't want to eat the coral,
 they just want to eat the algae on it, but it's bloody hard to scrape off, isn't it?
 Yeah, there are loads of species.
 Some of them just scrape off and some of them do more gouging.
 And they do all kinds of varieties, but they're massive.
 So each adult green humphead parrotfish,
 which is a particular species of parrotfish, they're the biggies.
 They can get about a metre and a half long.
 They can eat five tonnes of reef per year.
 It's a lot.
 It's so much.
 Yeah.
 And then they poo it out, we've mentioned before, as sand basically.
 Beautiful white sand.
 Beautiful white sand, they're responsible for so much.
 They poo out hundreds of pounds per year.
 A single parrotfish can produce up to 90 kilograms of sand each year,
 which is enough to fill the most popular parasol holder on Amazon.
 At the bottom of a parasol, you have a really heavy sort of thing.
 But it's not always heavy because otherwise, how do you get it to the beach?
 What you do is you bring it to the beach and you fill it with sand
 and that makes it heavy and stops your parasol from blowing away.
 Sorry.
 Anyway.
 Well, you're the only producer of that.
 That actually is quite disappointing to me.
 One parrotfish would fill that in a year.
 Well, that's less than I thought.
 At first I thought you were talking about one of those parasols
 that ladies had in lack of my fair lady.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, but you mean a big one?
 Yeah, I don't think we've said before about parrotfish.
 One of the other brilliant things about them
 is that they have two sets of jaws, like the alien in alien.
 They open the mouth, then uh-oh, there's a little mouth inside.
 Second one.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 What are they using it for?
 What's a word for that?
 There is a word for that, isn't there?
 It's pharyngeal teeth.
 Pharyngeal.
 Pharyngeal.
 So I think moray eels have them and a few other things,
 but they're really rare.
 If you're diving a wreath with pharyngeal teeth, that's a moray.
 Look at that.
 James, that's beautiful.
 Brilliant.
 And those are the teeth which grind up the coral
 and turn it into sand, basically.
 Yeah, okay, right.
 So the main teeth just bite off chunks
 and the pharyngeal teeth are the ones that do the fine milling of the coral.
 Yeah.
 You mentioned the giant bump-head parrotfish, the big ones.
 Yeah.
 And they, so they fight each other by headbutting,
 which I think was only filmed recently for the first time.
 And it's just, it's quite funny to watch because they've,
 they've got quite thin heads.
 Like if you look at them face on, they're almost two-dimensional.
 So you watch them going after each other and they miss each other.
 Three-quarters of the time.
 They just whizz past each other and spiral back around
 and then eventually bump into each other.
 It's like jousting.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Did that happen a lot in jousting?
 You just whizz straight past.
 I saw some jousting last summer at a castle.
 Of course.
 Oh yeah.
 I was like, what do you mean, of course you did?
 You're a renaissance man.
 Oh, you really flipped that into a coffin.
 That was amazing.
 Yeah, no, it was great.
 But they, they didn't, they didn't.
 Was it not violent?
 Oh, it was.
 Oh, that's why you liked it.
 Well, I blindfolded myself for the violent bit.
 But I, no, it was, it wasn't too violent.
 There wasn't, that wasn't enough gore.
 It was, you know, everyone, everyone walked away.
 Okay.
 What was it?
 Like, it was a.
 It was, it was just a, I think it was Hever Castle in Kent.
 Oh yeah.
 Beautiful.
 Ambulance Old House.
 And they were just having a sort of medieval fairy.
 And there was jousting.
 And we all, there was a great hype man,
 dressed as Henry VIII, who was doing a lot of crowd work.
 And then they did a good, good bash at each other.
 It was really fun.
 Yes.
 And was it, as with the giant bumper parrot fish,
 that the winner got to shag the woman at the end?
 That does explain why they sent us all home.
 Wow.
 So that's how that ends.
 That's how that ends.
 Yes, yes.
 It is.
 Although they all start out, or almost all parrot fish,
 start out as women, don't they?
 As females.
 There are a few that are born male,
 known as primary males, but quite rare.
 And then as they get older, they get sexually mature.
 And the biggest female in the group has a sex change, I think.
 Well, it's one male and then a load of females.
 So it's a harem situation.
 And then one day the male wakes up and finds out,
 oh, hello, my biggest girlfriend has turned into another bloke
 who's now challenging me.
 This is a nightmare scenario.
 And the thing I find amazing about it
 is that if you've got the harem,
 which they do seem to be referred to as,
 a female and a male, but then the male dies,
 another female will know to change sex.
 And how does that happen?
 Is that unbelievable?
 Does she think about it or does she kind of go inside?
 Do some molding.
 There is a different kind of parrotfish.
 Just so these are not the only fish
 that get called parrotfish.
 This is a, I never know how to say it, Cichlid.
 I always call them chicklid,
 but I don't think they are chicklids.
 That's a word that I always mispronounce.
 Cichlid is what I...
 There's land on that.
 C-I-C-H-L-I-D.
 But they are called the parrotfish.
 These were invented in the 80s.
 What?
 I just find that so weird.
 Like sea monkeys.
 They were a hybrid of two different Cichlids.
 Cichlids.
 And I was on Tropical Fish Magazine website,
 which said it was as improbable as Steve Urkel
 and Madonna getting together.
 That's one for the oldies, isn't it?
 Who's Steve Urkel?
 Steve...
 Well, Dan knows who Steve Urkel is.
 No, I don't actually know what show he was from.
 I can't remember.
 Oh, God.
 But he was like a very annoying, sort of nerdy American...
 Point Dexter sort of.
 Oh, right.
 And who's Madonna?
 Which is the Virgin Mary,
 which is why it would be so surprising for her
 to cop off with Steve Urkel.
 But they get bred because they're breedable ones.
 These are for aquarium nuts because
 they're on Tropical Fish Magazine.
 They get bred jelly bean parrotfish,
 which have been soaked in a dye and artificially coloured.
 Some of them have tattoos.
 So they're soaked in a dye and then permanently
 they say that colour?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Some of them have tattoos on.
 Like you get people who tattoo their fish.
 It feels bizarrely unnecessary because of all the fish.
 Parrotfish are famously beautiful patterns and colours.
 But everyone is different.
 And those are proper parrotfish, not these.
 These are the proper parrotfish.
 Okay, sorry.
 Oh, so maybe these ones are a bit more dull
 and they wanted to be more like the proper ones.
 So they tattooed them.
 Very weird.
 But yeah.
 That is amazing.
 And they get even more colourful when they're pissed off.
 So depending on territory,
 they'll get even more attractive.
 Yeah, vibrant.
 There's quite a few species of them as well, right?
 There's between 60 and 90 subspecies of a parrotfish.
 So when we're talking about one,
 it might, a thing we're saying might not occur
 in another subspecies.
 But they do do that thing that we've mentioned
 on the show before as well,
 where they create a mucus bag when they go to sleep.
 So it's a sack that they just sleep in overnight.
 It just looks amazing, doesn't it?
 It looks incredible.
 And that means that they sleep so long.
 They're so lazy.
 They sleep 10 hours a night.
 Oh, I imagine.
 I know.
 You just need to learn to build your own mucus bubble.
 And you try that.
 I have been trying, Anna.
 It's pretty disgusting.
 We need to clean this room every time you're in it.
 Every night.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It takes an hour, I think.
 The idea is that they do it to stop parasites, right?
 And the way that they work that out is scientists
 got a load of them in a pool or something.
 And when they made their sleeping bags,
 once they'd fallen asleep,
 the scientists sort of very slowly pulled the blankets off them
 so they didn't have them anymore.
 And then they put parasites in
 and found who got better than the most,
 and they got way, way more.
 That's interesting.
 Because there's also a theory that they are using it
 so that if anyone is trying to pull the blankets off,
 they've got time to escape
 rather than just being outright sitting there to be eaten.
 I'm sure there's multiple reasons behind it.
 Yeah.
 So it's for big predators and small ones, in effect.
 In a way, yeah.
 That's what pajamas are for.
 That's great.
 Your pajamas are covered in metal spikes, aren't they?
 But no parasites on Andy's.
 No, exactly.
 There was a test on the moray eels, actually,
 an experiment.
 Just while we're on the experiments done on these things.
 So on the pharyngeal jaws,
 the cool thing about them for the moray eels
 is that it means they don't need to feed in water.
 Oh, well, they can grab something like a mosquito or something.
 Kind of, or a little bit of prey outside.
 But I find this so weird.
 Basically, it's to do with the mechanics of how you eat.
 Like, all other fish need to be in water,
 to have the mechanics of water so that they can feed.
 We would find it difficult to eat if we were submerged in water.
 Do you know what I mean?
 Like, the mechanics of physics doesn't work as well.
 So the scientists who did this on the eels,
 they trained the eels.
 They took five years training seven eels
 to slither up a ramp, grab a mouthful of fish
 from outside the water, and then go back into the water.
 I don't think there was evidence that they were doing this before,
 that they were eating outside water,
 but I think they were trying to show how these jaws worked.
 What if that knowledge spreads among the eel community?
 And now...
 They all leave the ocean.
 Yeah, I mean, again, that's the start of a horror movie, isn't it?
 Like beachgoers...
 Oh, you mean disasters for us?
 I was thinking disasters for the eels, but you're afraid of the...
 I just think we shouldn't be teaching animals
 to come out of the water and bite live prey
 and go back in.
 Yeah?
 Sorry if that makes me old-fashioned.
 Guy who's seen a jousting match at a castle.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our various social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram, on @Shriberland.
 James.
 My Instagram is @NoSuchSingHasJamesHarken.
 And Andy, I'm on @BlueSky.
 Oh.
 I don't know how to...
 Are you...
 You are @BlueSky.
 Oh, God.
 I'm old.
 I think I'm at @HunterM on BlueSky.
 I'm not sure.
 Okay.
 Nice.
 Good luck, everyone.
 Sorry.
 With that hunt.
 Or you can get to us as a group
 through various different means, Anna.
 What's the best?
 Yes, you can email podcast at qi.com
 or you can tweet @NoSuchThing
 or you can Instagram @NoSuchThingAsAfish.
 That's right.
 If you want to find out anything more about us,
 our club fish, you want to find all our previous episodes,
 you want to just read general stuff about us,
 you can go to NoSuchThingAsAfish.com.
 All of that stuff is there.
 But otherwise, come back next week.
 We'll be back with another episode
 and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
