 You know what I'm talking about, right, isn't it?
 You know what I'm talking about, right, isn't it?
 You know what I'm talking about, right, isn't it?
 (audience cheering and clapping)
 Uh-oh!
 And welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 or weekly podcast, this week coming to you
 from the Soho Theatre in Central London.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting with the three regular elves.
 It's James Harkin, Andy Murray, and Aniches Zinsky.
 And once again, we've got around the microphone
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact this week is that finished budget meatballs
 have so little meat in them
 that they have had to be renamed "Balls".
 (audience laughing)
 In Finnish Piori Kuita,
 probably pronouncing it wrong,
 which translates as "Balls".
 (audience laughing)
 But the thing is, this is not entirely fair.
 It's due to European labeling requirements.
 Basically, all the meat has already been cut off the animal,
 and the stuff they use to make the cheap meatballs
 is, you know, a recost-ituted,
 mechanically reclaimed meat, but they are 50% animal.
 They're just not 50% stuff
 which you can genuinely call meat.
 (audience laughing)
 Like a chop, so they have had to rename them.
 - I didn't realize meat stops being actual meat.
 I thought, as soon as it's from an animal,
 that's it, you'll meet for life.
 - I know.
 - Yeah.
 - So Finland has the world's oldest piece of chewing gum,
 as well, doesn't it?
 Or it had, that was where it was found.
 It's a 5,000-year-old piece of chewing gum.
 - Wow.
 - It's made from tar made of birch bark,
 and it was found by a 23-year-old archeology student.
 It's sad teeth marks in it.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - Did they say where it was found?
 - In Finland.
 (audience laughing)
 - I was hoping it would be on the bottom of the world's oldest
 chew or something like that.
 (audience laughing)
 - Did you guys know that in weird ingredients in food,
 sand is in a lot of what you eat.
 - Oh, it's good.
 - And it's just, if you look at the sand, which is--
 - I've never thought that.
 (audience laughing)
 - Not them.
 - No.
 (audience laughing)
 - Soup.
 - If you have a soup sandwich--
 - Sure.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - And then soup.
 - If anything, so it's down to silicon dioxide,
 which I guess we kind of all know is sand,
 but you never really think about it.
 So it's put on the ingredients list.
 I checked my soup in my cupboard as anti-caking agent,
 brackets, silicon dioxide.
 And it's just sand.
 And they put it in like--
 - Yeah, I'll be liking a grated cheese,
 so it doesn't stick together on that side.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - There was a guy, an artist from Chile called Marco Evaristi,
 and he mixed fat, removed from his body
 by liposuction with ground meat to make meatballs.
 - Did he--
 - What?
 - I bet trading standards got involved, didn't I?
 Did he eat them?
 What did he say to someone else?
 - I believe he definitely displayed them in a gallery
 'cause he's an artist.
 I'm feeling he might have fed them to his friends.
 - Oh, wow.
 - Did he tell his friends?
 - Yeah, I think they knew.
 - Right.
 - Yeah. - Otherwise that would be
 a bit of a bad trick, wouldn't they?
 - Yeah.
 - Well, as end of friendship.
 - Why have we had no Christmas card this year?
 - We haven't seen them since May when I fed them my own body.
 Grounded up with meat that I found.
 - I found a few things on--
 When you said this fact, I just--
 I love whenever someone is forced into having to rename themselves
 something new because the thing they were saying was not true
 or as just they were stuck in a thing.
 There's a great one.
 It's actually in one of the QI books of the fact books,
 which is that there's a place in Australia called "Shark Bay."
 But it was renamed "Safety Beach" to attract more tourists to it.
 First, they changed the name from "Shark Bay" to "Shark Beach."
 And they still weren't getting many people in.
 Guys, maybe it wasn't the Bay Beach thing that was putting people--
 Well, what else could it be, Frank?
 - I was reading an interview with a Greek brewer,
 a Greek beer brewer, who was complaining about that.
 His beer that he's trying to brew keeps her being pushed out of the market
 by Heineken, which basically dominates the Greek beer market.
 And his beer only has 5.5% of the market in Greece at the moment.
 And it's called "Vagina Beer."
 And it's just confusing.
 Is this interview going to mention at any point in the fact
 that perhaps a bit of rebranding might work?
 - Another one that's a favourite of mine.
 There was a sushi bar in Montreal that got forced to change its name.
 By a judge, a high court judge.
 So the name that they gave it was "Fuck yo sushi."
 "Fuk yo sushi."
 And it looked like there was a moment where they were going to try and defend it
 because it's a genuine Japanese word.
 You know, it means good fortune in Japanese.
 It's also sort of a karate stance, apparently.
 It's also the main complaint that people give at the restaurant when they have it like a food.
 But they, yeah, so their downfall was the fact that they have a Facebook page
 and they started saying we have other ideas for bits on the menu that we want to put up.
 And this really was their downfall because the other bits on the menu were a "Fuck you to roll."
 "Fuck me roll."
 "Fuck you all roll."
 And my favourite, the "Fuck yo mama roll."
 Wow, they've changed it.
 - I like that. So we're embracing it, trying to embrace it.
 - I think it was a joke from the beginning.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, back to bowls. - Sorry.
 - Okay, in the early 20s there was a law case between Uncle Luke's mint bowls.
 These guys who made these little confectionery things.
 And Uncle Jack's mint bowls.
 And Uncle Luke was saying Uncle Jack shouldn't be making mint bowls, et cetera, et cetera.
 And the judge decided that the term "Uncle" could not be copyrighted
 as there are millions of uncles around the world.
 And he said, "Uncle Jack is just as entitled to offer his bowls to the public as Uncle Luke."
 - Wow.
 - My parents are in tonight.
 - So it's the facts about Finland?
 - Oh, why not?
 - Finland is a brilliant place.
 - So the facts, that's my fact.
 - Damn, and I had that one too.
 - They like strange competitions in Finland.
 So they have the mobile phone throwing world championships,
 the World Air Guitar Championships, the Wife Carrying World Championships,
 Swamp Soccer, and the finals of that are called the SS World Championships.
 And I think it's too late for that one.
 - Actually, there was just speaking of SS.
 Do you remember "South End On Sea"?
 Their traffic wardens, I think, had a uniform which had SS on it.
 I don't know how to change it because there's too many complaints.
 - Yeah, they could have had SOS very easily.
 That's why I'm paying attention to the odd.
 - Finland's also got an ant nest sitting competition that you do.
 - What?
 - It's basically the idea behind it is there's a bunch of ant nest,
 and you take your trousers down, you sit on it, and then you wait.
 The last person to leave is the winner.
 - Wow.
 - There's one of the champions of the mobile phone throwing competition
 is also a hammer thrower, which I quite like as if you're hammer throwing
 you don't know what to do in your office season.
 You've just got to move off throwing championships.
 But also in the Wife Carrying Championships, then there are various different positions
 in which you can carry your wife, and people debate over which one is the most efficient.
 And there's one which is Estonian style, which is if you have the wife's legs over your shoulders
 and hanging down, which makes you wonder what kind of weird racism was happening
 are the Estonian sexual practices, whatever that was named.
 - I think it was because the first people to do it were Estonian.
 But it is the most populous, it is the most populous style,
 and it's the one that the winners always use these days.
 It's the best one.
 - The first brief flop of Wife Carrying.
 - Yeah.
 - It must be every year someone comes in with a rogue new position.
 They've got their wife in.
 And everyone gets nervous going, what does he know that we don't?
 - And then they fail every single year.
 - Yeah.
 - Like Estonia's going, oh yes, we did it.
 That was a good Estonian impression, either way.
 There's a boot throwing world championships, also held in Finland.
 And for an interview, they asked the two time organizer, not the two time winner,
 the two time organizer of the championships.
 And they have their own official throwing boot.
 So you can't use another boot, you can't use a non-regulation boot.
 And they have all kinds of, they have anti-doping regulations
 and people being kicked out of a boot throwing competition for drugs infractions.
 - booting out.
 - Yeah.
 - They also have a mosquito killing championships.
 That is how many mosquitoes you can kill in five minutes using only your hand.
 - Wow.
 - Are you allowed to use your other hand?
 - Would it just...
 - I think you have to go and find them.
 Because it's like, there's a lot of mosquitoes in the arts academy.
 - Yeah, do you have a tiny, tiny gun dog to go and retrieve the corpses when you've killed them?
 - No, you're being silly, I think.
 - They must have so many gold, like, potential gold meblists in Finland
 who, like, have the Olympics brought up the Wifecat notice?
 Like, Finland would wipe the Olympics clean if these were allowed in.
 - Yeah.
 - And if they didn't just have normal spots in the Olympics.
 - Well, there's a word in the news reports of, like,
 whoever's won the mobile phone, carrying all the Wifecaring or whatever,
 it's always, it was won by a Finnish man this year,
 as if anyone else is really going there.
 - Also, you can't call your friends to tell me you've won,
 which is a bit of a nightmare.
 Oh, James and I met a guy just speaking of throwing things.
 We met a guy two days ago who, he's a scientist who,
 part of his major study and he published a paper on this
 and he's really proud of it, is that he throws snails for a living.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - So he shuts them over his garden fence,
 and then he waits two years to see if they come back.
 - And he knows if they've come back because he puts
 Tipex dots all over them.
 - And then he trucks them.
 - He puts one Tipex on, whenever he gets one in his garden,
 he throws it over into there's like a railway that goes next to him,
 so he throws them over onto the rails.
 - He's onto the tracks.
 - But then every time they come back,
 he puts another dot in another dot in another dot.
 And I think there was like one with 17 dots on it in the end
 because he just kept coming back and coming back.
 - Oh.
 - And he doesn't use slugs because the Tipex doesn't hold on that.
 - So he has no way of doing it.
 Sorry, we're gonna have to move on, but yeah, do you want to?
 - Another cool thing they have in Finland is fines.
 All of their fines are dependent on your salary or your income.
 And so there was a Nokia executive in 2002, for instance,
 who was fined 116,000 euros for going at about 40 miles an hour
 and a 30 mile an hour speed limit or something.
 - It feels like the mobile phone throwing was invented by Nokia,
 don't you think?
 Because he's like throwing it away.
 Are you gonna have to buy another phone now?
 - Do you know what Nokia used to make?
 They used to make gas masks.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 The Finnish army used Nokia gas masks until 1995.
 - That's cool. - That is good.
 - Can you imagine?
 - You've got your gas mask on.
 - Do do do do do do.
 - We need to move on.
 I just got one last thing, which is that the movie,
 just going back to Meatballs,
 the movie "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs" in Israel
 was retitled, "It's raining for luffle."
 (audience laughing)
 If you could...
 In Finland, they've renamed it "Cloudy with a Chance of Meatballs."
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay, time for fact number two.
 And that is Juzinski.
 - Yeah, my fact is that Queen Victoria's acquaintance
 once had to apologise to her after her pet jaguar
 killed three of the Queen's pet deer.
 - Wow.
 - Which I just think would have been a really awkward moment.
 - It's bad planning though, isn't it?
 Where can I leave the jaguar?
 Just put him in with the deer.
 (audience laughing)
 You're not going to believe what happened.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, I do, it's an amazing sentence.
 That is the closer sentence to the kind of other
 worldliness of royalty.
 - Yeah.
 - When you're having to apologise that your jaguar.
 (audience laughing)
 - But this one was, she wasn't a raya was she?
 - No, she was by weird coincidence.
 She was Bozie's aunt.
 You guys know Bozie, like Oscar Wilde's aunt.
 And she was an amazing character.
 She's called Lady Florence Dixie.
 She was an explorer.
 She was a raging 19th century feminist.
 She picked up the jaguar in Patagonia
 when she was chased up a tree by a jaguar mother.
 And she was in this tree.
 And she had to shoot the jaguar mother dead.
 And then she felt bad for the baby jaguar.
 And so she brought it home.
 And she recounted all this in a letter to Charles Darwin, in fact.
 - Wow.
 - But they were correspondence.
 She did correct so.
 - This is such a name drop of a sword.
 (audience laughing)
 - I was at Queen Victoria's because my son is dating Oscar Wilde.
 And anyway, Darwin.
 - The thing is, is that it's...
 Could you put any more...
 - She was well connected.
 - Yeah, wow.
 - What I love about her is the guy who she married.
 You know this guy.
 He was called, "Alexander Beaumont Churchill Dixie."
 And his nickname was ABCD.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh!
 - God, I don't...
 - I know it's not one of his nicknames, actually.
 So they were known in court circles, apparently, as sometimes a lady always drunk.
 (audience laughing)
 I think she enjoyed a good time.
 I actually don't think Queen Victoria would have liked her very much,
 because, hey, her jaguar killed me Victoria's beloved pet deer.
 And was then sent to a zoo.
 But also her...
 You know, John Brown, Queen Victoria's lover of her later years.
 Lady Florence Dixie claimed that she'd been attacked by Irish transvestites
 in the grounds of Windsor Palace.
 And demanded that that be investigated.
 And so John Brown was sent out into the wet cold.
 And he died about six months later of a cold he caught out doing that.
 - Oh, really?
 - Six months later of a cold he caught, wow.
 That is a big cold.
 - Not going to be the same.
 - Mega Manflue.
 (audience laughing)
 - So I've never looked into Queen Victoria before.
 She was such a badass.
 She was so good.
 Yeah, she wore crotchless underwear.
 - What?
 - She did.
 - She wore quite a suit.
 - I think you might be googling the wrong person.
 (audience laughing)
 - Are you googling Victoria's secret?
 (audience laughing)
 - No, she...
 - How is that badass?
 Does any badass, if you're horse riding, also think?
 - I just...
 (audience laughing)
 - I'm still like hard.
 (audience laughing)
 - I'm playing it fast and lose it.
 - I was building up to the more badass.
 - All right, go on.
 - Hey, I saw that Fiona Bruce on Antique's Roadshow.
 They were showing that they were selling them
 and they were like, this is a crotchless bit of underwear.
 - So what happened was when she died,
 her underwear was auctioned off to people, I think.
 And she had enormous bloomers like she was very big
 by the end of her life.
 - In fact, this is a conference of Queen Victoria's waist
 by the time she died was larger than her height.
 - Wow.
 - Which is quite impressive.
 - So she was technically the wrong way up.
 For the last years of her life.
 (audience laughing)
 - Very sad.
 Very sad.
 (audience laughing)
 - She did the first thing she did after her
 exhausting five hour coronation ceremony.
 She ran upstairs to wash her spaniel.
 (audience laughing)
 - She had a spaniel called Dash or Dashy
 and she loved it so much.
 She loved all her animals.
 A huge amount actually.
 When one of her dogs died, she had to be sedated.
 She was so upset.
 And she had a parent called Coco,
 which could sing God Save the Queen,
 which was a fun trick.
 - That is the most arrogant thing I've ever heard of anyone
 doing with their pet.
 - I think her family taught it to sing God Save the Queen.
 And then they revealed it to her and she was delighted.
 - Okay, fine.
 - She and I had huge arguments as well.
 They had not, they're painted as having had a very, very
 rosy marriage, but actually she was very angry with him.
 She was having children all the time.
 She at one point had nine children under 15 years old,
 which is a lot.
 And she was just constantly busy having children.
 And so Albert had a lot of the responsibilities of state
 found out to him.
 So he did a lot of dealing with parliament in his life.
 But she was very angry about that.
 He had to go and put notes under the door apologizing
 when he'd wielded too much power.
 - She has the reputation of the famous quote
 of we are not amused.
 And so it's attributed to her, but there is no direct evidence
 that she ever said it.
 And the thing that we have from her staff and family,
 they are on record as saying that she didn't say it
 and that she was, in fact, immensely amused.
 (laughing)
 - That's such a lovely PR push.
 - Actually, she was immensely amused.
 (laughing)
 - No further questions.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay, some things on pets maybe?
 - Okay, yeah.
 - Okay, so Rudolph, the second, the Habsburg Emperor,
 and King of Hungary, he had a pet lion.
 And he had his horoscope read by Tyco Brahi,
 a friend of the show, (laughing)
 who told him that the King and the lion had the same star sign.
 And so when the lion died, Rudolph shuts himself
 in his room, was convinced he was going to die as well.
 And he died three days later.
 - Oh really?
 - Yeah.
 - Because Tyco Brahi, we've talked about him before,
 but he was a serious scientist who understood
 that astrology was all complete follow-ups.
 But it was how he made all his money, wasn't it?
 So he kept on poor guys from life having to feed these guys' lives.
 - He should have got a pet tortoise or something.
 (laughing)
 But you can't throw someone to the tortoise, can you?
 (laughing)
 - During the Civil War, another friend of the show,
 Prince Rupert of the Rhine.
 (laughing)
 - We're very popular, isn't it?
 - Den people.
 - No, he had a poodle called Bye,
 who he trains to cock his leg and urinate on cue,
 whenever the name of his enemy, Commander Pym was spoken.
 So whenever he said his enemy, the dog would urinate.
 And the people thought that he was satin in disguise
 this dog, the enemy thought that.
 And they thought he was immune to bullets
 and could catch bullets fired at Rupert in his mouth.
 (laughing)
 - That's Rupert's had some good PR.
 - Really good PR, isn't it?
 - People didn't believe him.
 Amazing nonsense, didn't they?
 Back in the day.
 - Yeah, it wasn't true.
 - It wasn't true.
 - No, no.
 - I'm sorry, you're good.
 - Dali used to have a pet otolot,
 who he took everywhere with him.
 And if the otolot urinated on one of his paintings,
 when he was painting it, he would charge the Bion more for it.
 - You would charge the Bion more?
 - Charge the Bion more.
 - Oh, right.
 - When he saw the painting, he'd be like,
 "My otolot weed on this."
 So that's 10% increase on the price.
 - Jike work.
 - Wow.
 - The first budgees cost as much as a house.
 (laughing)
 - Budge your house, Budge.
 Dali, I really think we need to go over the house.
 - Come on, we've got to get on the budgey ladder.
 (laughing)
 - In the 19th century, in 1845,
 they cost about 50 quid,
 which for a working man was an annual salary.
 And there was a budgey boom as well.
 Well, that value shot up,
 'cause demand outstrip supplies so much,
 'cause they have to be brought over from Australia.
 Do you know what I found out,
 the budgey costing as much as a house thing?
 - Capes, former Britain's strongest man competitor,
 Jeff Capes, now keeps budgees.
 He's the president of the budgey society.
 - Oh, wow, yeah.
 I was looking into royals with pets,
 because I just say it's so bizarre,
 because they do get given a lot of presents
 which end up being exotic animals and stuff.
 And Henry the third of France,
 he had this thing where he used to carry,
 so he had pets, he had three dogs,
 and he used to carry them in a basket around his neck,
 like a big bit of bling.
 He used to bark at people they didn't trust,
 and he'd be like, get away from me.
 If they didn't like the person, the dogs would bark them away.
 But I looked into the Tower of London,
 because I've met through standup,
 a guy who is the raven master of the Tower of London,
 who does stand up as well.
 - It's crazy, he looks after the ravens,
 he lives there, that's his job.
 He does stand up, he has dick jokes, it's amazing, right?
 But basically, the Tower of London has extraordinary animals,
 or at least did, back in the day.
 It was a white bear, no one knows for sure,
 I can't see anyone who's apparently used to swimming in the turments, right?
 - Yeah, it was kept on a long,
 but that was Henry the third of England, wasn't it?
 - Yeah, it was kept on a deliberately long lead,
 so it could go for a swim.
 - I went to the Tower of London.
 - To the Tower in those days.
 It's very confusing, because it sounds like the animals had a lot of liberties.
 I went to the Tower of London's website,
 and they have a whole page on the animals that used to live there,
 and they included, they had monkeys,
 which the monkeys were actually, they lived in a furnished room,
 so you could go and visit these monkeys,
 and it says be amused by their antics and human-like behavior,
 but they've removed eventually,
 because one of them tore a boy's leg off in a dangerous manner.
 Which makes it sound like the first time they did it,
 it was kind of quite funny.
 - Oh, you did it safely this time,
 so we're gonna keep the boys coming into the room,
 but you are in the warning now.
 - We're gonna have to move on, but any last minutes.
 - I just have pet facts.
 In 2004, a man called Jake Perry owned the Guinness World Record holder
 for the world's oldest cat.
 In 2005, that record was broken by another one of Jake Perry's cats.
 - Oh.
 - This man has owned the two oldest cats by chance.
 - Oh, he's lying about how old they are.
 - Oh, he painted the first one a different colour.
 - The other one died.
 - The other one died.
 - They counted the number of rings.
 - They were old.
 - It's terribly sad they have to drop the cats down
 to find out how old they were.
 - That's all the first one died.
 And yeah, he said he feeds his cat's bacon, eggs,
 asparagus, broccoli, and a cup of coffee every morning.
 - And they smoke 40 a day.
 - They've just been along the lift.
 - It just fills the spirit.
 - We're going to have to move on to fact number three.
 And that's my fact.
 My fact this week is that the Statue of Liberty originally wore a head scarf.
 So the Statue of Liberty was originally designed for Egypt.
 And it was originally meant to be at the mouth of the Sui's Canal.
 It was going to be standing there with a torch on hand.
 It was going to be a peasant lady.
 And it was all designed.
 It was already.
 And then Egypt had a financial situation where they couldn't afford it anymore.
 And the guy who was called Bartholdy, he was an architect,
 he was so distressed that he had this colossal thing that was going to be built.
 That was no longer built.
 He went back to France, he was French.
 And he then said, why don't we make a new similar, very similar look in the back for America.
 And that became the Statue of Liberty.
 So originally it was meant to be a peasant woman standing at the Sui's Canal.
 - He said touch in hand, actually, the head of Egypt.
 When he agreed to it, wanted the church on the head rather than the hand.
 Which would have looked a bit weird, wouldn't it?
 - It's interesting because it represents so much for America.
 And this guy, obviously when he was trying to get it made in America as well,
 he had to deny so much about the fact that it was originally meant to be for Egypt.
 And everyone was like, but it feels like you were definitely pitching this in Egypt.
 - No, totally not.
 Totally different.
 - Yeah.
 - And so they kept bringing up stuff like, well, okay, how about the fact that when you've now repitched it to us,
 you still want the Statue of Liberty, not on what we now know is the classic stand that the Statue of Liberty is on.
 He wanted it on a pyramid.
 They just did a really bad job of losing the Egypt connection.
 And then they said, but it's literally the same design.
 You've got a torch being held up.
 And he was like, oh, okay, sure.
 So how the hell am I meant to design a lighthouse effectively without a torch being up there for the light?
 For getting to point out that in both of the designs, the lighthouse element of it was in the head.
 So again, he just kept shooting himself in the foot.
 - Yeah, you talked about the, you talked about the kind of plimp that it's on.
 - Yes.
 - That was paid for by America, right?
 - Yeah.
 - So France paid for the statue and America paid for the plimp.
 By America couldn't get any money for the plimp.
 And so they had a big sort of campaigns trying to get it.
 And there was a company called Castoria, who made laxatives, who offered to give all the money if the name of the laxative would be displayed on the top of the statue.
 - Wow.
 - Really?
 - It's a very different kind of liberty, isn't it?
 - Free and easy movements.
 So the original sort of garment, the peasant garment, she was designed to be a slave.
 But the slave was called the word for it is a fella, right?
 And one of the main conspiracy theories about the statue of liberty, I'm straying into your territory here, Dan, is that the model for it was a man.
 And we don't really know.
 A lot of people say that the model was either a buttoldies mother, or the face was a model on his mother, but we don't know.
 - And what you're saying is that they heard that it was a fella, and they thought...
 - Yes, that's what I think it's come from.
 - That's cool.
 There was a really good book written last year, I think, about the statue of liberty, and I can't remember what it's called.
 But the woman who wrote that did hypothesize that he based the face on his brother who committed suicide, I think.
 - Wow.
 - Who he really loved.
 And it does feel like a very masculine face, if you look at it, it's a man.
 - Oh, I wouldn't say that.
 - So a man in a dress.
 - But the only evidence, actually, as far as I could find that it was based on his mother, is the fact that someone later on after it had been built, went to the opera, or went to a big sort of arts event with him and his mother.
 And when his mother came in, this guy was like, and I turned around, and I was like, "Whoa, it's the statue of liberty!"
 And then he said that to people, and they're like, "Oh, that must be it."
 So I don't know how credible he is.
 - The idea of the statue of liberty was actually by a guy called Labouly, who was a friend of Batoldi.
 And he said in a dinner, and this was in a newspaper article of someone who was at that dinner, that it should be a statue that can be seen from the shores of America to the coast of France.
 - That's big.
 - That is a big, big statue.
 - So some of the guys at qi.com/talk, positive and zziggy, works out how high it would have to be in order that you'd be able to see it from France.
 And it would have to be more than 3,000 kilometers high.
 - How high?
 - I'm an idiot, how high is that?
 - So the international space station, for instance.
 - Yeah, the ISS goes around what, like, three or four hundred kilometers high, so it's like another ten times that much.
 - It's massive, yeah.
 - Thomas Edison of electricity fame.
 - He suggested putting a massive disk inside the statue, so it could deliver speeches from inside it all across New York.
 - It's like it's talking to you, exactly.
 - And now I'm talking about it, thankfully.
 - It's weird to think of her as it, as originally brown or kind of golden, yellowish brown for the first 25 years.
 Obviously being made of copper, it was supposed to be this shining golden statue, because we so obviously picture green.
 And Bartoldy wanted her to be gilded in solid gold.
 I think at first he tried to petition the American people to raise loads of money to do that.
 And I think they said we've already raised quite a lot of money, thanks very much.
 He had real trouble funding it. He tried to get her image copyrighted, so that every single image of her that appeared, he'd get money for it.
 Which was quite in the 1880s, was quite a modern thing to try and do when he failed.
 - Do you know, you used to be able to, they had fundraising dinners as well, where they would try, desperately try and raise money.
 Because all they need, they had the statue, all they needed was the pedestal, and you could buy a meter tall version made of ice cream at these dinners.
 Fun. He sold his signature, Bartoldy sold it 3,000 times to raise money for it.
 And the only way they eventually got the money was by crowdfunding basically.
 They printed in Joseph Pulitzer printed in his paper the name of everyone who gave, even if you gave a penny to it, they would print your name in the paper.
 So it raised a huge amount of money and B, people bought the paper because they wanted to see their name in it.
 It's a circulation block, it's quite clever. - This guy sounds amazing, it sounds like he started copyright laws, kickstarter, this is really advanced thinking.
 So I went on to trip advisors to see what people thought of the statue of Liberty.
 And there was one guy called H. Jammah, and he didn't like it very much actually.
 He said, "It was bad because I don't like the sight, it's just a statue, nothing else."
 The tall was bad, and I owed a food at the cart, and the person sneezed on my burger.
 I really don't get it, this was the worst trip ever, one star.
 We're going to have to move on to our final fact. Do you guys got anything more that you want to add to that?
 No, that's me. - Time for our final facts of the evening, and that is James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that a poll moment takes 42.5 minutes to dissolve if you stick it up your nose.
 And first hand, QI research is the best time on research.
 I actually, when I read that, I stopped on the way to get poll moments.
 So, for the rest of the show, I might have won 50 minutes left, so just have half.
 While he's doing that, I'll explain the points of this fact.
 This, it was a fact given to me by my mum, actually, which is quite nice.
 She found this study, it was by a guy called Dan Leppard, and he's an ENT specialist at the University Hospital of Wales.
 And he wanted to see how long it took for people at home, Dan is inserting candy into his nose, and being put off here.
 Now, he studied five different popular sweets, favored by children, and saw how long it took to dissolve in the nose.
 And the idea is, he put them up his own nose, and the idea is that when children get things stuck up their noses, it's kind of hard to get it out, and it's quite, you know, not very nice thing.
 But he thought, if they dissolve quickly, then maybe you don't have to go through that whole thing, you just let nature do its thing.
 So, actually, it's quite an important study, even though it's a bit dumb.
 I like that. How's that going over there?
 Everything smells great.
 Actually, it's actually quite, I know that's not the point of it, but actually it's making my nose feel like I'm getting more air.
 Okay, so other sweets, Skittles take 37.5 minutes to dissolve in your nose, Smarties 32.5, and Tic Tacs 27.5.
 I'm now extremely skeptical about this study, because one of my friends is here who stuck a sour-skissled up her nose once on the day towards us.
 Not for a day, actually, just for fun, I think.
 And apparently, it was extremely painful, so I'd exploded in her nose. She tried to push it out, and it ended up in her eyes.
 All the weird sour acid was streaming out of her nose and bits of her eye socket were falling out of her face and stuff, and she managed to get to A&E, I think, which implies that it does take longer than that.
 Maybe sour-skittles have a difference as well.
 You might be right.
 I don't think this is really important to say at this point, but don't try this at home.
 Although, quick update, it feels smaller.
 I can feel the tight and smaller. So about polos, do you know that if you snap a polo in open in the dark, then it glows.
 I didn't know this, and I couldn't try it at home, because it was daytime when I read this.
 And nobody knows why, so it's a thing called Triboluminescence.
 If you turn on the lights out, snap a polo. They think it's about electrons suddenly rushing to a certain point of the polo.
 And it happens with polos, it also happens with cellotate. If you whip cellotate off its roll really fast in the dark, then it will glow at the point where it's being whipped off.
 And it also emits x-rays, and they did an experiment last year where they managed to get an x-ray of a researcher's finger by just the x-rays emitted by cellotate.
 You just put a cellotate, and he managed to get an x-ray through that off his own finger.
 How cool is that?
 It's cool. So when you get a hospital in future, they'll just have a massive roll of cellotate, just standing in front of the cellotate thing.
 I have something about smelling things.
 So when people who are asthmatic smell something that they think is going to cause them an allergic reaction, they will have an allergic reaction.
 Even if the thing they're smelling doesn't cause an allergic reaction.
 Oh wow, right. Yeah, and it's because from when you smell something, it goes to your brain before it goes to your lungs, as it were, the signals of what you've smelled.
 And they tested 17 asthmatics, exposing them to a rose smelling chemical for a quarter of an hour.
 And neither of them were told it would irritate their asthma, and the rest were told that it would calm them down.
 And that's exactly what happened, even though it was the same stuff.
 Really? How cool is that?
 The allergies are all in the mind.
 No.
 These people should stop me and stop. No.
 With their epiphan.
 It's the opposite.
 It's the opposite of that.
 It isn't the mind, but the mind is also a real thing, basically.
 In some people, yeah.
 They have my, another one of my friends, is a pediatric nurse, and she recently changed hospitals, and as part of the showing her around the new war, she worked an A&E, part of showing her on the new war.
 They were like, "And this is where we keep the metal detector."
 And they have now, in a lot of pediatric A&E wars, metal detectors, because it's much easier way, and that's expensive way than an X-ray.
 If a kick comes in and says, "I've eaten like 17 marbles."
 Not marbles, things are made of metal.
 That's called a marble bartering, yeah.
 You just go down the body.
 That's clever, because in this paper of the polo thing, they did say that if a child states they have inserted a suite into their nose, and it cannot be visualized, one must believe that there is indeed a suite, and not an inorganic or corrosive object.
 In other words, you have to trust the kid otherwise.
 If he says it's a suite, and actually it's something bad.
 But I also want to know what these mystery suites are, that no one can visualize.
 When they're in your nose, there's kind of a suite before.
 Can you describe it?
 No.
 So, I read a report that there was originally we thought that the nose had about 10,000 ways of smelling.
 We could smell 10,000 different things, and that recently they looked into it again and like, "Oh, we got the number a bit wrong. It's actually a trillion."
 It's a bit of a discrepancy.
 At the moment, obviously.
 All of us except Mike.
 How can we know that? It seems like such a high number.
 I have no idea.
 I have no idea, but we thank it only smell mint at the moment.
 Second update? Definitely getting smaller.
 Wondering if it might just fall out on its own accord.
 Stay tuned.
 I got me thinking about how, because I've always thought, you know, they test people for how good their hearing is.
 And an eyesight, you can see quite well.
 And I thought, "Smell, we must have humans who have amazing smell."
 And there's a guy actually who is job.
 And it's one of the most important jobs in the world, I think.
 This is his job title. He's NASA's sniffer.
 NASA has a sniffer who smells everything before it goes into space.
 This is how powerful his nostrils are.
 If he doesn't like the smell, it doesn't go.
 Literally, his nostrils are the gateway to all planet activity.
 Because if you put something up into the International Space Station
 and it starts to smell after a few months, then that can be...
 You can't open a window. You can't open a window. You can't get it out.
 So his nose has the ability to smell the tiniest of smell.
 So he can see if that smell exists, and if it's there, it can then eventually turn into something bigger.
 But so his job is tested every four months to see with a bunch of tiny little test tubes
 and some of them have no smell and some have the tiniest of smell.
 And if he fails, he loses his job. He still has a job.
 He's got the best nostrils on earth.
 Do you think he can smell all trillion things in the world?
 I don't know. I just don't know how you...
 I mean, maybe they can try very, very similar things.
 I have some things about things that get stuck up the rectum.
 Oh, God.
 Which, down your look, this wasn't my actual fact, otherwise...
 That would be in a very different experiment.
 The 1995 IG Nobel Prize in Literature was given to two surgeons
 who made a study called Rectal Foreign Bodies, Case Reports,
 and a Comprehensive Review of the World's Literature.
 And here are some of the things that they found that people would put up their bottoms.
 I might... I'll stop halfway through this, I think, when it gets too much.
 But seven light bulbs, a knife sharpener, two flashlights, a wire spring, a snuff box...
 Sorry, was this the second flashlight to try and find the first?
 We've just got dozens up there now.
 This is not the same rectum.
 These are different rectum.
 So, 11 different forms of fruits, vegetables, and other food stuff.
 Of jewelers saw a frozen pig's tail, and then one patient's remarkable ensemble collection,
 including spectacles, a suitcase key, a tobacco pouch, and a magazine...
 Oh, magazine?
 If you forget your handbag, I mean...
 It does sound like he was going on a journey, but he's got everything he needs.
 Mike, there's your bag. I don't need a bag.
 Why does he need a suitcase key if his rectum is axiom? Is he suitcase, boy?
 That must be the key inside the case again.
 We'll have to be the best day of your life if you're one of those immigration officers
 who puts the glove on and heads in to fight some drugs.
 It's like, let's see if you can even marry Poppins.
 That's no version of the Mary Poppins I've seen.
 Goodness me.
 We're going to have to wrap up very briefly this morning.
 Okay, one way that you could get out of being in the army was to pretend that you had polyps of the nose,
 and this is like a little tumour inside your nose, and if you had it, you wouldn't get in the army.
 So people pretended, and here's a quote.
 Attempts have been made to simulate this affection of the nose by introducing the testes of a cock,
 or the kidneys of a rabbit into the nostril, and retaining them there by means of a small piece of sponge,
 which is sometimes impregnated with fetid juices.
 But if it's that old war, you know.
 I'll fight in the war.
 Frontline Murray.
 I'm not a violent man, but I'll take the war, please.
 And another thing, we talked about the Ignaudal prizes before, and we're currently doing a bit of a talk with Mark,
 and we Mark Abrahams, who's in charge of those.
 And so I asked him about this, and he sent me a paper from the Journal of Medical Hypothesies,
 called "Ejaculation as a potential treatment of nasal congestion in mature males."
 Where are you ejaculating?
 Well, apparently, according to the abstract, its emission phase provides vasoconstriction and nasal decongestion,
 which I must say have never noticed myself.
 You'll lose clears up when you're having sex.
 And that's what this is saying, yeah.
 You do have erectile tissue in your nose, so maybe it's that.
 Speak for yourself.
 I have a normal nose.
 Maybe this bit adolescence listening, that's good excuse for when the mum walks in.
 I would just have to blocked up nose.
 We've already established that Andy's mum is here tonight, suddenly.
 It's like I have a blocked up nose. Oh, that's what all the tissues are for.
 Okay, we're going to have to wrap up.
 Should we quickly find out how my polo is doing in my nose?
 All right, so...
 God.
 Talk amongst yourselves.
 It's still here.
 It's still massive.
 Oh, okay.
 Okay.
 That's all our facts.
 Thanks so much for listening, everyone.
 If you want to find out more about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 you can go to us all on our Twitter handles.
 I'm on @Sriberland, James.
 That's egg shapes.
 Sorry.
 Andy.
 Andrew Hunter.
 And Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 We're going to be back again next week with another episode in the Soho Theatre.
 Thank you so much for coming to our shows tonight.
 We'll be back again next week.
 See you then.
 Have a good night.
 Goodbye.
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
