 We run it on qi a few years ago. Yeah. Which was there's no such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 He says it right there, first paragraph. No such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the qi offices in Covenant Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber and sitting here
 with Anna Chazinski, Andy Murray and James Harkin and once again we've gathered around the microphone
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is Chazinski. Yeah, my fact this week is that in 1874 there was
 a plan to transport dead bodies from all over Europe to mount Vesuvius and throw them in.
 Was this the plan of a supervillain? Well, maybe, maybe. So it's reported in a couple of
 newspaper articles from the time there's one article in the Daily Gazette for Middlesbrough
 which describes how an American company has got some capital to erect railways or
 like have trains running all over Europe and it takes people who have died who want to be
 cremated in Mount Vesuvius and it runs them up Mount Vesuvius and then it tosses them into the
 burning lava below. And this, so I can't find any proof of the history. I can't find that the
 company ever happened but seems strange that it would only be reported in the Middlesbrough Gazette.
 It's also reported in the New York Times in the same year. Okay, so it just tilts you in
 as the train passes, it just sort of tips the carriages over the edge and then they tilt back on.
 Well, I think the train probably stops at the top because the other article it mentions that there
 would be some sort of a chapel built at the top of Mount Vesuvius where you could have a small
 funeral service before you. Oh yeah. Reward tipping your family member into the. Be better if the
 tracks went actually over the Caldera and then just tip them out as it was. Or just like the if the
 bottom just opened up, you just dropped them out. Is there always lava at the bottom? No, there's not.
 See, that's, that's a weird thing that they always say with throwing people into volcanoes.
 I like that. This is what they always say. It's what they always say. If there's an active volcano,
 yeah, the fumes from a volcano are enough to kill you. So anyone trying to throw someone into a volcano
 would die immediately purely just off the back of the view. No, no, you could do it at a certain point.
 So there was one more source, which from 1878, which was just before Vesuvius had an eruption,
 I think, and it was like Vesuvius was getting ready. The West Lothian butte. It was very European,
 the local vapors. And I think it was sort of bubbling and waiting to erupt. And that's the ideal
 moment. That's when you want to catch it. There's a really funny letter that was written to
 the New York Times around this time about this idea. And it says it's recently occurred to
 certain thoughtful and genius persons that the constant fire maintained in the crater of Vesuvius
 generates an enormous amount of heat, which is wholly wasted. Occasionally, a native Italian has
 inadvertently slipped into the volcano and has vanished so suddenly and completely that not even
 a trace of garlic could be sent in the air. And nothing but a silent hand organ and a brave monkey
 remained to recall the fact that a citizen of free Italy has flashed into flame and dissipated
 in the gases. And it goes on because it's not just racist against the Italians. This is the New York
 Times. Even the stoutist British tourist who has toppled into the crater while searching for a good
 place to boil a tea kettle has disappeared before he could fairly mention his purpose of writing to
 the Times newspaper and denouncing the neglect of the local authorities to rail in the crater.
 Well, to be fair, they've got us to a tea, haven't they? Yeah.
 You've nailed us, yeah. Tea drinking and whining. I know sometimes we think journalism's always
 getting worse, but I think there we have definite proof that it sometimes gets better as well.
 I don't know. I think it's quite amusingly reported. Garlic has been an Italian trope, an Italian
 felon and not even his baguette and stripy jersey remain on the outside. I thought his trademark
 beret. And there's just one more part from this letter which is good and which the New
 Saper article reports as well, which is one of the advantages of this service, this funeral service,
 is that mornas have seen the remains of their loved ones comfortably cremated in the finest
 natural furnace in Europe can straight away distract their minds and delay their grief by enjoying
 the view from the summit of the mountain and making a subsequent visit to all points of interest
 in Naples and the vicinity. And the news paper actually reports that you'd get the train ride would
 come with a voucher to spend in Naples once you got out. I think this is really cool speaking of
 magma. So there's a new project to drill. See if we can drill further than we've drilled before
 into the earth and see if we can get basically to where the magma starts. And isn't it weird that
 the furthest we've ever sent an object away from this earth is 20 billion miles. So now I think
 it's the Voyager wasn't it. There was sent out in the 70s. It's now 20 billion miles away.
 The furthest we've ever got into the earth and it's not for want of trying is 12 kilometers.
 It's really hot down there. I mean it's really cold in space. Yeah. It's just as there's stuff there
 though. The geologist is just saying in space you got no stuff. People like it's such a big deal,
 but actually it's mostly space. There are a couple of molecules per cubic meter in space. That's
 true. But that's much much fewer than in the ground. Where there are loads of molecules literally
 every centimeter. That's more than you'll probably know. The Slates.com official explainer question of
 the year for 2007 was why don't we drop medical waste and nuclear waste into active volcanoes.
 Okay. And what was the answer? They'll blow up nuclear waste all over southern Italy.
 Oh, it will wrap it. It's basically put it in. It wouldn't. It's not hot enough to start
 pit from being radioactive, but it would just kind of fire it straight back into the atmosphere.
 So we don't have a nuclear volcanic eruption. Sorry, and I got a question of the year.
 I think that's one of the silliest questions I've ever heard. I read though that one of the issues
 with a volcano eruption is that obviously over the months after it, lava can just still travel
 towards towns and they don't know how to stop it. They don't know what to do. Right. One of the things
 that they tried back long time ago was they bombed the lava. So they literally bombed the area
 of where the lava was going into. Oh wow. George Patton did that. The idea was to divert
 the direction of the. If you can get it all in a channel. Yeah. So he launched a bombing attack
 on lava. Wow. There's a volcanic island called Ferdinandia, which is off the coast of Sicily.
 And it is only above sea level when it's erupting. So normally it's not. So it's not on very many maps.
 And so in 1986, the US Air Force flew over and bombed it thinking it was a Libyan submarine.
 Oh really? Yeah. There's that volcano in Tanzania, isn't there? The erupt's black lava.
 Oh yeah. It's the only example of of volcano erupting that substance in the world. And it's just
 because it's made of a carbon and titan instead of silicate silicate materials. But yeah, the lava is
 right. So it's called a very normal lava. Exactly. It can run at about 500 degrees Celsius, which is
 much cooler than normal lava. This is really cool. Sicilians used to use the slopes of Mount Etna to
 keep their food cold. Okay. Because there's snow all over the slopes of Mount Etna. So they used the
 caves in the side of the mountain to keep fruit cold and things like that in lemons. And yeah.
 Didn't Nero take snow down there and make like an ice cream kind of thing? He probably took credit
 for it, isn't he? You know Nero. He tramples over intellectual property rights of others.
 The land speed record on a bicycle was set on a, on a volcano. Was it? Yeah. It was on Ciro Negro,
 which is in Nicaragua, I think. And it's like a really steep slope. And so people go down there
 quite often for fun. And this was done by a Frenchman called Eric Baron, known as the Red Baron.
 And he reached 107 miles per hour before his carbon fiber mountain bike snapped into,
 sending him tumbling down the last section of the mountain. He broke five ribs.
 This locates a shoulder and tall muscles in his hands. Oh. But got the record.
 The record worth it. Do we know? Yeah. The thing I always see is when people are trying to break
 speed records and that, for example, cycling, you cycle along, but you cycle along with an enormous
 truck driving ahead of you really, and you're really close behind it. So you have to assess the speed
 quite carefully. And it's to get rid of the air resistance and all that. So that's if you're,
 if you're peddling, whereas this guy's just going down a massive mountain. It's a free railing. Yeah,
 it's more like plummeting really. Yeah, yeah. It feels like cheating as well. It's true. I was actually
 going to say this factful later in the podcast because my facts about running, but running is easier.
 Supposedly, I read this earlier today. I can believe it. Running is easier at about 20 degrees Celsius
 when the air temperature is there or higher, because there are fewer molecules to get in your way
 as you run much easier in space, much more difficult when you're going through the
 I don't believe that much different. I only lost that one because I think there are a lot of
 molecules out today. Yeah, my lane was full of molecules to be fair.
 Okay, time for back number two and that is Harkin. Okay, my fact this week is that in 2010, an
 abandoned wastewater treatment plant in Baltimore was found to be home to an estimated 107 million
 spiders with a density of 35,176 spiders per cubic meter. I just feel sorry for the work experience boy
 who had to count them. He didn't have a fear of spiders before, but he does now. Yeah, it wasn't
 estimated number and then they've kind of extrapolated that to get the number. And they were all alive.
 They're all alive, yeah. They are great though. Some of them can catch and eat fish. I think they've
 just found out. They found spiders can. They found out there are at least five species of spider,
 which one of them is the Dolomedy spider, which can catch fish. The fish are on average twice their
 size and they anchor their hind legs to like a stone in a lake or a river and then they grab the fish
 with their front legs. That's amazing. It's pretty impressive. Yeah, that is really cool. I read that
 they found not too long ago the oldest spider web ever. Okay, and it was in it was in East Sussex, I
 think, and it was in it was in amber. Oh yeah, it was like from dinosaur days and they they were
 studying it. Can I ask a definitely very stupid question? By all means. Yeah, all right, cool. Yeah,
 I'm learning to ask now. Why are we not for the things that we want to preserve, let's say for
 a long time in the future, just coating it in amber? You know, like imagine if dinosaurs
 cover themselves in amber, we might have a full dinosaur. No, no, I actually think that's brilliant.
 Do you? Yeah. I don't know. I don't know where we would get enough amber because obviously it's
 low quantities. I'm sure we have better ways of keeping things like I'm sure I just I'm
 older. But just from history, the only things that have survived through that are in a perfect
 state are things in amber. Yeah. And that just seems like an obvious time capsule of a thing.
 Okay, cool. Hey, yeah, I'm completely told. So why do spiders not get stuck on their own
 webs? Do you know that? Do they have some kind of lubrication around their legs? Well, nobody is
 at 100% sure, but what it seems like is that they leave their glue on the webs in only little blobs
 all the way around, and they just simply tip to around it so they don't stand on their own bits of
 glue. And if they do stand on it, then it's a little bit of a pain like getting, you know, chewing gum
 on your shoe or whatever, but it's not that bad. But when a fly comes into it, he hits like 50 blobs
 at once. And so that's what makes them stuck. Oh, I think it's such a big amount. So it's kind of like
 in a Bond film or something where you have to avoid all the lasers if you're a fly. Like Catherine
 Zeta Jones in that film has to creep around them. Amazing glue. Entrapment. Yeah. Maybe great film. Yeah.
 So the Ogreface spider called as such because it has massive eyes, which means it can't go out in
 daylight because it's much too bright for it. But anyway, it is pretty ugly and it does this really
 clever thing. So you reminded me when you said the spiders dropped little droplets on their web.
 First of all, it spins a web between its front legs. So acts as a sort of like a fly catcher.
 So it will hang down from its back legs above wherever it wants to stay to catch the flies. And then
 it swings this web or net that it's made between its front legs at its prey and catches them. And
 the way that it knows when to swing is it creates a target by doing a little white poo on the ground.
 And it leaves a little white blob of feces as a target. And as soon as it's in the dark, as soon as
 it sees an insect of some sort, cross this bit of poo, drops down upon it, gets it in its net. Wow.
 It consumes it. Very clever. What do you reckon the lifespan of a spider is 10 years?
 So I don't know the answer. What I do know is I know the, as so far as we know, the oldest living
 spider. So the spider with the longest lifespan. Okay. 28 years. It's in Mexico. They had one that was
 captured in 1935. It's the world's oldest spider. And it's 28. And what's its secret? Does it drink a lot of
 milk or bird eating? Bird eating. Okay. I eat birds. I smoke twenty cigarettes a day. I don't
 exercise. I don't know how I do it. There was, I was reading about the oldest recorded person
 who lived to be 122nd star in 1997. Yeah. I'll there. Yeah. And she quit smoking I think five years
 before she died. So she was 117. She went, okay, come on, this has been enough. But I quite enjoyed,
 I put dip at this on Twitter the other day. She was born in the year that Edison made the first
 sound transmission. And she died in the year that Hanson released... Was that what did for her in
 the end? Yep. But she was the one who said that I only have one wrinkle and I'm sitting on it.
 Yeah. Oh, that's for her. She was cracking. So just put the original fact in context, which is that
 there were 107 million spiders here with a density of 35,000 per cubic meter. The standard amount
 of spiders that we think are in like a British field would be about 49 per square meter.
 That's quite a lot though. It's still quite a lot. It turns. Yeah. That was a study done in 1958
 in Sussex, Meadow. In the 1950s, if you look at photos, they were actually overwhelmed with spiders
 all those films. That's why everyone's got their mouths shut in early photographs is to stop the
 spiders getting in. So is this a case of, you know, when they say if you leave rats and they
 breed in the root or any, is this a case of just a total isolated sort of spider farm? I think they're
 just... Oh, the Baltimore one. Yeah. Yeah, that's basically it. They had no predators there. They were
 allowed to just create as much as they wanted and eventually there was a hundred and seven million of them.
 It's extraordinary. You need a massive class. Wouldn't you to put that out? Yeah. Big shoe. What have
 they done with it? Do we know? The way it was worded, I think, I glanced at our article. They said
 the people at the Baltimore waste water treatment plant put out a call for extreme spider help.
 There's an understatement. I think the grammar's different. Stream spider, semi-colon help.
 Do you think spider-bad ever got any false calls of people wanting him to just get rid of the spider?
 Guys, I'm dealing with some proper growing here. Batman, bat, same thing. That's true. Yeah.
 Catwoman are still not married. Okay, time for fact number three and that's my fact. My fact this week
 is that according to the Vatican, the greatest pop album of all time is revolver by the Beatles.
 I would have thought they would choose Abbey Road, personally, but treasurer I know. Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's greeted with the devotional hum. What, according to the Vatican? Well, it's the Vatican newspaper
 who did a, they published a list of what they consider to be the best albums of all time. Is the Vatican
 newspaper called the Prairie Mail? It's called Losevatar Romano, I can't pronounce it. Which is a very
 funny pun in Italian. The weird thing is, first off, the Beatles were the ones who were more famous
 than any band in the world for having an association with a fight with the church when John Lennon said
 that the Beatles were bigger than Christianity. Oh, he's a bigger than Jesus, but I thought he said it.
 Sorry, then Jesus. But he also said Christianity would shrink and fade away in that very same
 piece. But I thought he said it despairingly. I think it wasn't, I didn't think he was
 celebrating the fact that they're bigger than Jesus. He was just talking about it. It was the very
 notion of what he said. I mean, it led to people were burning their records in the streets throwing
 all their merchandise. It was a huge backlash. Huge backlash. It was one of the biggest
 sort of moments of their career that they had to recover from. Wow. But so it's interesting. They
 given him a pardon now. They've pardoned him for saying what he said. They said the Beatles were
 satanic music. But the list is just, I mean, it's pretty, it's just a mismatch. You don't expect the
 Vatican to be saying the Beatles, David Crosby, Pink Floyd, Fleetwood Mac, Donald Fagan. Donald Fagan
 is the lead singer, Steeley Dan. So not even a Steeley Dan album. A solo work. Yeah, spin-off.
 Yeah, spin-off. It's like the equivalent of like nominating a John Bon Jovi solo album and not a
 Bon Jovi album. Like it's just a very obscure choice. So I think this newspaper is trying to
 hip up, isn't it? I've read the Vatican thought it was getting a bit dated. All this, we still
 love the hymns. We like our big long robes and our cross necklaces. I think there was a movement
 in within this newspaper to say, look, we're with it, guys. And so now they report, they so they
 review Harry Potter, which is again, that has had issues with the church. And they said that the
 Half Blood Prince was good because it showed a clear line of demarcation between good and evil.
 That's interesting, because the Vatican's exorcist really didn't like it. He came out here. No, he says
 it's satanic. Yeah. He also thinks that yoga is satanic. I think he needs to, he needs to get with it.
 He's 89. There was a big feature about this paper in the Guardian, and it said that until 2007,
 this was kind of the old days for Lose Vittore, there were two kinds of articles. The first one was
 those in which a Vatican department had definitely directly intervened in. And they had a code for
 that, which was three asterisks placed above or near the article. But the other kind,
 the Comich didn't have the asterisks on, with those which have been written by Lose Vittore's stuff.
 But they were so careful not to embarrass anyone that these articles were totally unreadably boring.
 You got a choice of reading either propaganda or tedium. But that's kind of changed now. I believe
 they've shaken it up a bit. But it's not the, it's not exactly the official voice of the church,
 is it? It's in a weird place between yeah, official and unofficial. It's allowed, it's allowed in
 the Vatican. It's a paper that's kind of seen as a daily paper there. Yeah. And it seems to have a
 lot of, it's, it's the place where if the Pope had something to say, there'll be the people to publish it.
 Very much the Middlesbrough Gazette. Do you guys know about the Apostolic Penitentiary system?
 Been through it mate. Yeah. That's on the title of our spin-off podcast.
 20 years in. No, what is it? So it's this tribunal. It's the oldest,
 it's the oldest established body of the Holy See. It's existence 1179. And it's where you go when
 you've committed a sin that's too heinous to be forgiven by a priest. So if you've got to confess
 something, you go to confession, the priest is like, whoa, out of my pay grade. Then you go to the
 Apostolic Penitentiary Tribunal and there are five sins that are too evil. Should we guess what they are?
 Yeah, go on. I'll go for murder. Oh no, murder is easy. Genocide even is, you can get genocide
 forgiven by a standard priest. Yeah. What? Yeah. What your local, how many Hail Mary's do you have to
 say for that? Look, it takes a couple of weeks, reciting in your roots. So three of them are.
 Cushing the Pope. What's Cushing in? Putting your finger up his bum.
 Defacing his ring. So most of the same, killing the Pope, you can't kill the Pope. That is understandable.
 Yeah. So there are three which just apply to people who want to work for the church. So if you're
 a priest and you've been in any way involved in an abortion, then you have to go here to confess it.
 Right. To directly to the Pope. And if you're a priest who's been confessed to and then you've broken
 your oath not to share your confession. And then the only other one that normal people like us can
 commit and we'd have to be sent to the Vatican is if we deface the Eucharist. What you mean at local
 church, if I get body of Christ and I drop it, I think dropping it is right. You can play the five second rule
 on it. That's probably the three-day rule of gaffling church. So it's more if you're doing it
 intentionally. There was a scientist in America recently, for instance, who drove a rusty nail
 through a bit of communion wafer. And I think the church was pretty pissed off with him about that.
 I like that. I just like the idea of the Pope listening to pop music. I don't think he does. It's
 obviously just this paper that's saying it. But there are a lot of, I like when you read about people
 who are in high power of positions and they admit to liking certain things. So the Dalai Lama is
 very good mates with the Red Hot Chili Peppers and the Beastie Boys, which is just such a weird
 mismatch, but he recognized that he could put free Tibet concerts on, use the power of these pop stars.
 And he realized that the people who spoke to people, so he became very good mates with them. David
 Cameron, do you know what his favorite album is? Coldplay? Coldplay album? No, he said that it was
 "Dark Side of the Moon" by Paul Floyd. But everyone knows that that's a lie because everyone knows
 that his favorite album is "The Queen is Dead" by The Smiths. But he can't say that now that he's
 prime minister, though he had constantly said that before becoming prime minister. Then when he did say
 he loves the Smith, both Marcy and Johnny Marr came out saying, "You are not allowed to like us."
 Like, "Band, David Cameron." Yeah, that's ridiculous. It's not really up to them. I know, I just like
 them coming out and saying, "It's ours. You're not allowed to like this." All musicians come out and
 band politicians from liking their music. After a certain age, you shouldn't have a favorite album,
 you should have a favorite. I don't know. Symphony. What's your favorite symphony, Andy? I haven't
 reached that age yet. It's my favorite album. It's my favorite album.
 On niche newspapers, can I tell you about my favorite one, which is "Jail Mail," which is a
 relatively new magazine, and it's for everyone in the prison system. There are two others which
 are called "Inside Time and Converse," as in "Convict and Verse," so "Converse." I think the daily
 jail would have been better, but I'm not going to. I think it's a weekly anyway. Anyway, it was hugely
 popular. It's had to double its print run for its next edition. It has advice on what to do
 when you're up before the governor and details of reading projects and how to find employment.
 Is it written by people in by prisoners? I think a lot of it is, yeah.
 Form and use of the world. I just think that's cool. Can I just on the Beatles? I didn't realise
 that apparently their concerts all just smelled of urine, and if you looked around the aisles,
 you saw women's P and Bob Geldof as tested to this. This is a room because women used to turn up
 and wet themselves so excited to make. These days of Rolling Stones gig smell of urine, but that's the
 act that's nothing. Okay, let's move on to our final fact, and that is Andrew Hunter Murray. My fact is
 that for the first 50 years of the Olympics, the only event was the 200-meter sprint, which must have
 made the two weeks of the competition extremely boring in the most part. It's just the modern Olympics.
 No, this is the ancient Greek Olympics. All right, so this is from a book I've just got called
 Eureka. Everything you always wanted to know about the ancient Greeks, but were afraid to ask
 by a guy called Peter Jones, and it looks like it's full of good things, and it basically says,
 for the first 50 years, it was the Olympic game, not the Olympic games, which is a nice way of putting
 it. And then after 50 years there, did the 400-meter race. But the cool thing is, if you want it,
 the entire Olympiad was named after you for the next four years, so it would become the Kevin
 Olympics or whatever that was, instead of the Athens Olympics. It's not great. It's really cool.
 The Usain Bolt Olympics. Yeah, and then they started adding funcier things later, like boxing,
 wrestling, and chariot racing. After a couple, after 200 years, they added a racing armor.
 Oh, that sounds good. Yeah, that's great. I read that that was the racing armor. The only body
 coverings was a helmet and shin guards. Wow. That was what the race and the rest of it was completely
 naked. Okay, I wasn't imagining that at all. I was thinking big heavy plates of armor, so it's
 a challenge, like American football or whatever. But the 200 meters wasn't even 200 meters, was it?
 I think it was 192. Yeah, that's true. Did they call it the 200 meters, if we just called it that?
 We've said approximation. It was called a stadium, which is where we get the word stadium from,
 and there was a measurement of a stage based on that. Okay, cool. And there were other games as well.
 I didn't realize this. There was the Pythian Games in Delphi. It was really short games.
 And the Nomean Games. And if you wanted the games at Delphi, you got Laurel, obviously at the
 Olympics, you got Olive, at the ISP3 in Games, you got Pine. And at the Nomean Games, it was Celery,
 which you won, which I find very pleasing. Where the Olympics were held in 2012 in London,
 that Burra Newham is the most physically in active Burra in the whole of the UK. Wow. That's good.
 Yeah. That's where I live. Is it? Yeah. I live in Hackney, but I'm literally, I'm 10 minutes away
 from Stratford. 39.17% of people in Newham take no exercise at all. Where's Newham?
 Stratford. It's time it's away from where you live. Yeah, but I've never heard anything. He could be
 asked to go there. In the 1932 Olympics, 3,000 meter steeple chase, it was actually run over 3,400 meters
 because an official lost count of the number of laps. That's so good. That's so good. Yeah.
 And you'd be, you'd realize soon after you'd forgotten, I don't know how many they've done.
 And you'd wonder if anyone else would spot you. Yeah. Oh, the poor guy. Well, the runners,
 is they coming in? Is they going to the final? Yeah. Well, he wasn't looking at you and you're not
 saying anything. You're like, why? And another one? Well, you just try and bluff it out, wouldn't you?
 Because you'd know if you stop them too early, you think, I definitely don't want to stop them too early,
 because they'll really know. But if I make them do another lap, it'll look like it's their fault
 for being slow. Yeah. Was the one, the person who crossed the boundary at the right time,
 or the person who finished at the wrong end time? I think it was the same person, but it would have
 been at the end when... Oh, my gosh. Because you must start. And everyone must have put on a real bus
 to get to the finishing line, and then no whistle, no crowds cheering, just... That would be a great
 Olympic race, though we're not telling you how many laps. That's really a lot. Sometimes it's one,
 sometimes it's 95. Yeah, that's a really good idea. Okay, so that... I'm the torture. And then we put
 them all in amber at the end. It's a really good idea. So there's no adequate training for it. Yeah,
 cool. Well, that is the spirit of amateurism, which they would want. They wouldn't, they weren't,
 they weren't amateurs from the start in the Olympic race. No, they weren't. They got loads of money,
 didn't they? Yeah. In their engine Greek limits. I think someone's worked out that,
 Gaius Appelius Diocles was extremely good at winning money, I think, in his Olympic games,
 and he won a lot of events. And it's been worked out that he won what would be the equivalent today
 of over 15 billion dollars in modern day cash. Wow, 15 billion. Just been winning in
 under the Olympic events. I think they work out on the percentage against, like, say, for instance,
 someone in the army, or something that we can... Yes. It's really hard, though. It's so hard doing that.
 There are three or four different ways of calculating it. Anyway, sorry, it was enough to... So he earned
 enough to pay the entire salary of the whole Roman army for more than two months, so they were like,
 "Wow, which he didn't do." They got... They asked him in the classic, "What are you going to do with all your
 money?" "What are you going to do?" Do you want to hear an Olympic-steamed joke? Yes, please.
 Marcus was so slow in the races that the groundsman locked him in for the night because he thought he
 was a statue. Isn't that good? Is that from... That's an ancient athletics joke. Yeah, yeah.
 Oh, I was going to say, in 1908, when we hosted the London Olympics. First of all, we did... So that was
 obviously the first time we hosted it, and we weren't supposed to host it. The reason, in fact,
 fitting me in this podcast that we didn't was because I think somewhere in Italy was supposed to host
 it, and Vesuvius erupted in 1906, so they couldn't... So we stepped in like the heroes that we are. We
 then copped it up in a number of ways. So we included... We had all the flags up on polls around the stadium,
 as you do. That was the first year that became tradition. We had the Chinese and Japanese flag up,
 neither of which countries competed. We forgot to include the Swedish and American flags, which
 were competing. So obviously the Swedes were really polite about that, and we're like, oh no,
 don't worry about it. So we'll just never mind. And America brought their own flag and their own poll,
 and hoisted it up themselves. Of course they did. It was sponsored by Oxo, by the way,
 for 1908 Olympic Games. Yeah, it was actually sponsored by Oxo, Indian foot powder,
 an old doll mouthwash. Fantastic things to be sponsored by. Was that Oxo, comma, Indian foot powder?
 I don't think it was used for that. Oxo was originally used to cure athletes.
 No. And we are announcing actually that today is our first podcast that's sponsored by Oxo Indian
 foot powder. In India they have a thing called the Rural Olympics, and they have three types of
 competitions in there. They have rural games, such as Kabadi or wrestling, modern sports,
 such as athletics and football, and performing sports, such as acrobatics, twisting an iron rod
 by placing it on the other example, passing a tractor over the rib cage, and cracking a big stone
 by placing it on the chest, etc. Would you mean letting a tractor go over your chest?
 Yeah, that's just one of the sports. How can you win at letting something happen?
 It's more of not losing. It's more of a disappointment after the tractor drives over your chest,
 and you look up and you see a judge giving you a five. Five?
 My lungs have collapsed. Come on. That's why you got a five.
 I have a fact, this is really fun. They think that the starting position for running races
 at the ancient Greek Olympics was just standing up next to each other, and with your arms stretched
 out in front of you, as opposed to the crunching. What a funny way of starting a race, it's not brilliant.
 Well, it might work if you then push your arms backwards, and it might give you some momentum.
 Yeah, it's a good point. It's the greatest.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thanks so much for listening everyone.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can all be got on Twitter, either at @QIPodcast or individually on
 at Shriberland for me, James, Alex Hakes, Andy, and Andrew Hunter. And Anna can be got on
 you can email podcast@QI.com. And if you go to nosuchthingasfish.com, we've got all of our previous
 episodes there, and we'll be back again next week with another episode. We'll see you then. Good bye.
 [Music]
