 Hi everyone and welcome to this week's episode of no such thing as a fish
 Which is one of my favorite episodes that we did in the Soho theater in our summer run
 No offense to our other guests who are all amazing as well, but I really really love this episode with Hannah Fry
 Now you'll probably remember Hannah. She was on no such thing as a fish earlier this year. She's a mathematician
 She's written a load of books that are definitely worth getting if you're even slightly into in fact whether you're interested in maths or not
 She makes a subject come alive, but the very important thing
 I also have to tell you is that Hannah has a new podcast. It's called
 Uncharted and would you believe it it is a podcast about graphs?
 You know those famously visual things in a very unvisual medium
 But like everything that Hannah is involved in of course, it's absolutely brilliant
 It's not just her reading out numbers or saying upbeat line downing line curly line all that kind of stuff
 It's actually stories about human behavior. It's about discovery. It's just an absolutely brilliant podcast
 I very very highly recommend you tune into that like I say called Uncharted and it's wherever you get your podcast
 Anyway, very much. Hope you enjoy the show as much as we enjoyed making it all there is to say is on with the podcast
 Oh
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast this week coming to you live from the Soho theater
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here with James Harkin Andrew Hunter Murray and Hannah Frye and once again
 We have gathered round the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here
 We go starting with fact number one and that is Andy
 My fact is that if this conversation had one extra person it would be substantially less funny. Oh
 Which extra person are you thinking of?
 Well this no anyone that's a thing. Yeah, so really any any extra person even if it was
 Alan Carr
 Like even someone as funny even Alan Carr right wouldn't make this conversation
 The original chatty man. Yeah, that's interesting. You said just think just think of someone's funny
 And he would say hit there. He was a funny guy. He's funny guy. Well, he wouldn't be if he was here
 So that's or he would but we wouldn't basically this is a this is a theory about the maximum number of people who can have a good conversation
 So it's about it's a it's about when you're out or you're so you're with friends or family or whoever
 And it's a theory by Robin Dunbar. Who's an anthropologist and he's an evolutionary psychologist
 He's best known for the idea of Dunbar's number
 Which is that most people have a social circle of about 150 people
 And he has been working on this idea and he says if the if five people are in a conversation
 Or if there are four people at a fifth joins the amount of laughter drops dramatically, right? Wow
 And obviously this is a slightly artificial. Well, it's very quiet when no one laughs
 But basically it's if what if there's what if there's 200 people
 Yeah, if a fifth person joins a group either it becomes two conversations almost immediately
 Yeah, you get this one person starts monologuing bit like now and
 And that that also doesn't lead to love it
 It's really interesting because he said that like four is the right number
 But if you have a dinner party, then it's kind of okay to have eight people
 You kind of want to stay in those four eight twelve and that made me think the last supper
 13
 Is that what was happening Judas was just sat there couldn't make any conversation. He's like fuck this. I'm going
 Oh, do you think he made it like a real killer joke and no one laughed. Oh, okay. Fuck this. I'm killing that guy
 Does that mean so six is wrong, right? You don't you don't want six people. I guess I'm funny for six. That's good
 I get yeah, yeah, how many are in Monty Python again? Oh
 Yeah, true. Yeah, I just have strong opinions about Dunbar. Oh, okay
 This maybe strong is too strongly stated, but I I I'm raising an internal eyebrow about this
 I think great make it an external eyebrow
 Wait, wait, tell us more about your internal eyebrows
 I
 Just outwardly I look calm inwardly. Yeah, I'm quizzical, but yeah, go okay the hundred and fifty number
 That he's famous for so the way that they got that was that they looked at the social groups of primates
 And then they looked at the size of brains measure the size of brains of the average human and the size of brains of primates
 And then they just had loads of dots on a graph and they just drew a line through and were like hundred and fifty
 Which is I would say not how you do science
 So is he but is he respected in the field or is he someone that's sort of it's like, okay
 You've called it a bit too early here. So I don't know that much about this four four five laughter thing
 Yeah, tell me more about their research methods. Oh, wow, that was so
 That was incredible. Oh god, I
 Think it was I think they were observing people in the fields. They would observe groups of conversations happening
 Yeah, I can't remember if they recruited them or if they know they did it just they they had like a party happening
 They would kind of just scientists with a
 Maybe that's why people weren't laughing so some creepy
 the other thing they did is that they looked at lots of movies and
 Lots of different things to see when you've got a movie how many people are in those conversations
 So they looked at sex in the city love actually pride and prejudice
 League of their own which apparently is a movie. I thought there was a sports paddle show
 They were talking about but apparently is a movie Tom Hanks. Gina Davis. Sure. Yeah
 Freddie, but they noticed that in those lots of people it was like just groups of four that were chatting all the time
 And they looked at Shakespeare as well
 And they found that in Shakespeare
 It was never usually more than four and one thing that they also found is if you're gossiping about someone
 Then actually it's better to be in a group of three
 And the reason being that you only have the brain space to be in a group of four people
 But if you're gossiping then that person is the fourth person
 Again, that's what the study says whether that's true and I like that and the idea was that if you so all the four of us
 We're talking and we're also trying to imagine what the other three are hearing
 But we're also if we're listening we're also trying to understand what the other person's saying
 Yeah, and it's harder to do that with five people than with four
 Yeah, so for instance if you had the sentence James knew that Andy thought that Dan wanted ice cream
 That's kind of a sentence as relatively easy to understand. Yeah
 If you were to say that Hannah believed that James knew that Andy thought that Dan wanted ice cream
 It suddenly becomes way more difficult to understand. Oh my god. Do you think you did though?
 I could just ask that without I didn't understand that. Yeah, I didn't understand that at all. Any of it? No
 And the other thing I suggested was that and I think this is where the research may be a bit stretched
 Is that SAS patrols and surgical teams do best when there are four members of the team because that makes the communications easier
 Although that's separate to the laughter thing as in
 I don't know the SAS patrols laugh a lot. That would be me as an SAS guy
 Heading into a building full of terrorists. Do you know what? There's actually four of you already. So I'm just gonna sit this one out guys
 It'll go better trust me. I was reading a bit about conversations generally
 Oh, yeah, and there's this amazing book watching the English by Kate Fox
 Oh, yeah, she sort of walked around all of the UK just ease dropping in on conversations
 And one of the bits of research that she discovered was that 94% of British respondents admit to having conversed about the weather
 In the past six hours
 Well, 38% said that they've had talked about it in the past 60 minutes
 So she worked out that that means that almost any moment in this country at least a third of the population is either
 Talking about the weather or has already done so and or is about to
 I know you mean but it depends when she did her study because if it was just after it snowed for instance
 And everyone's gonna be talking about the weather. Yeah, if it's in the middle of the night
 I know there's weather in the night
 But there is there is there is less. I think I'd say that yeah
 But she she makes that point that in places like Finland
 They just never talk about the weather if it's wintertime and you're snowed in so much that tunnels are actually dug to get you to the shops
 What you actually do is just sit with someone just in silence because you're like we don't need to talk about the weather
 We know what the fucking weather is like it's
 Yeah, the rules according to Kate Fox there are rules about talking about the weather
 The first rule is you always have to introduce the topic as a question like raining again
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, that's a very Aussie way of talking as well
 It is yeah like inflection just kind of gives you an opportunity for it to either be a question or a statement and the respondent
 Can decide what it was?
 Cricket again for instance. Yeah, but the other thing is that when people say that to you
 You're not supposed to ever disagree
 So if someone ever does a question about the weather to you, you should know it's really rude to say no, it's not raining
 I do that all the time. I do that. I do that all the time. It's drizzling or
 It's spitting. Yeah, it's not raining. I do that constantly
 That's so weird because you are the most English person I know as well
 Well, I have a strict categorization system in my head, but also I pride myself on not you know not giving up in the face of rain
 So I will say
 Sort of yeah, there was one really amazing study with a you know
 If you're looking at the the weather forecast and it says oh tomorrow
 There's a 40% chance of rain they went and actually asked people what they thought that that meant
 Oh, yeah, and actually like so for me it seems like okay
 Well, you know you really replay the day ten times and four times it will rain and six times it won't run
 That's because it sort of seems quite obvious
 But when they did this survey loads of people were like, okay
 It means that 40% of the land is that's a you know, so if it's like London 40% of London will be covered in
 As an alternative but then the most common response was that like it would be 40% rain
 So is in like if a hundred was maximum rain
 I feel like it's more like 25% rain
 That's amazing and there is this thing about when conversations end and whether you want them to or not no, yeah
 so there's a
 Psychologist I think he's a researcher called Adam Mastroianni
 And he was at a black-tide party and he looked around the room and he thought I wonder how many of these people are
 In conversations. They just don't want to be in any more
 Because it's hard to judge isn't it the end of a conversation, you know, you'll have a conversation one person will try to disengage
 You're still talking and the yeah
 God it's happening
 And they said so he and his colleagues they surveyed hundreds of people they put them on a room with each other
 They got to talk and said when the conversation ends you can leave
 Yeah, but they didn't say I don't think they said this is when the conversation will end
 Yeah, the conversation lengths weren't 50% longer than most people wanted them to be in general
 Okay, and although 10% of people ended the conversations even though they wanted to keep talking, but they were worried about being boring
 Everyone was having a nice time and they just thought I better so basically 98% of people don't think the conversations are the right length
 Okay
 Does that mean if I'm chatting to someone in a party I should stop early or I should carry on going
 Depends what they're doing
 Signals out there
 They're looking at you. Are they sitting down? Are they slowly backing away?
 Yawning yeah, and do you hear Hannah you've written books and
 You've you've written about famous characters from history who we do know some of the voices of and some of that
 We don't say like I don't know an old scientist like Robert Boyle or something like that
 Do you hear their voices in your head when you're writing the dialogue you're copying out on the book?
 Not for Boyle, but there is one person. Oh, I do do this for
 Appropriate but I'm gonna do it anyway
 It's that guy called Francis Galton. Oh, yeah, Galton. Yeah, yeah, Francis Galton. He
 Was like, I mean an amazing statistician like loads of the work that we use now says comes from his thing regression to the mean
 That was his idea loads of stuff about population stuff
 And the thing is that Francis Galton was so intent on collecting statistics about the human body and about humans because he was a
 Massive eugenicist. Yes. Yeah, and like total white supremacist like really just a not nice guy
 The thing about him though is that he was from Birmingham
 You have to imagine yeah, yeah, he's talking about white supremacy in a Bramley accent
 We've mentioned him a few times so one of the eugenicist things he did was he did a beauty map of Britain
 Didn't he where he went round sort of with a little clicker going? Oh hot hot hot
 She's really nice. Yeah. Yeah, she's really fit
 The word he has though for like ugly is horrible. I can't remember these it's like repugnant
 And he had a hat that he designed that had a flap on it because he thought he was so clever
 His head was overheating. So he was like better. Let's American. Yeah, that's great. Yeah, interesting guy
 You haven't persuaded me about Dunbar's number, by the way, you know the hundred and fifty one neither of them
 I'm not even the four. No, but aren't you enjoying so it means you're not joining this conversation, baby
 You you really wish Alan car was here to learn things a bit
 Well, you know, I think there's room for a fifth person
 There are some really nice things about friendships though about connections. So especially when you look at the network that's created
 So there was like a lot of work in this in the in the 90s
 Something called the friendship paradox especially and it really came into being when social networks came back
 You can actually test this out empirically. So the friendship paradox basically says that your friends are more popular than you
 Okay, and that maybe
 But this actually this works for everyone
 98% of people is that their friends are more popular than them. So yeah, how is how is that possible?
 Yes, so it's possible in the same way that almost everybody on earth has an above average number of arms
 Yes, yeah. Yeah. Yeah, right. So not like not by much not by much exactly not by much
 But the thing about so if you look at like Twitter networks, for example, you get some people who have like a hundred million followers, right?
 Whereas the vast majority of us have like, you know, very few and so when you kind of look at the mean like the average number of friends across
 Everybody almost everyone is below that threshold because there are some people who really draw the numbers
 But there's some really interesting things that happen when you look at how this plays out kind of in person
 So not on a social network and there's a brilliant story about this company in Hungary
 And this company were having all of these problems
 They had these three different offices and they were having to downsize they were like gonna make loads of people redundant
 So all these like horrible rumors flying around like vicious stuff about how many people gonna lose their jobs
 And so the company decided to try and map out the friendship networks inside the company to see what was going on with these rumors
 So they asked everybody
 Oh, give me the name of one person who you go to but if you want advice or information giving them one person
 Yeah, and then they're like map the network. And so in the same ways with social networks
 There was like most people had hardly any friends, right? Like one or two, but there was one person who had like a huge number of connections
 And it turned out this person was the safety officer for the company
 He's got to be the CEO surely the directors and managers. No one cared what they had to say basically
 But this safety officer so he was like going around to all of these different places
 Training people on you know the rules and just bringing all the juicy gossip with him as he went
 So do they sack him so that was the option right you can get rid of him and then cure the problem
 Also, no more safety in the company
 What they actually did which I think is much more clever is they gave him a pay rise and then used him to spread out the secrets that they wanted
 That's a star's way of doing it, isn't it? Oh my god, we need to move on by the way to our next factor
 Okay, just a quick thing on going back to conversations
 Yep
 So there was some research done at the University of Rocklav in Poland
 And they looked at loads of different people from different countries and they saw them in conversation
 And they worked out the distance where people felt they were comfortable talking to someone
 So how far away you are from someone when you're talking yeah, they found that in the UK at the preferred
 Distance if you're talking to a stranger is 99 centimeters which is about the wingspan of a tourney owl
 I was I was struggling to envisage 99 centimeters, but now you put it in owl terminology
 Yeah, if you if you're from Argentina or Norway, they're the closest they like to hang out more close to each other when they're talking
 Okay, they like to be about 40 centimeters between them. That's the wingspan of an arctic turn
 And if you're in Romania, yeah, then they're the furthest away if you're speaking to someone in Romania
 They want to be 140 centimeters between you and that's the same as a wingspan of a great skewer
 It's just it's just facts. It's just like if you want to know the skewer the bird not the skewer there
 Because that would be a great skewer
 Imagine the kebab you can fit on that
 Okay, what can I very quickly tell you one last thing one last thing we can start it and I'll let you know when I wanted to
 Very recent this thing happened last year or so there was a guy on reddit who was you know
 I'm ready you write to each other and you answer each other's questions
 And it's like it's a very community-based and he was having a really hard time interacting with people
 He spent about a year writing responses to other people's messages and he got nothing back
 You know you get you get sort of points and scores and things like that
 You got absolutely nothing back anyway
 It turned out he discovered after a year that he had mistakenly been blocked and nobody else on reddit could see anything
 He had written for a year
 And he'd been answering incredibly specific questions. He answered someone's cry for help and
 And he got absolutely no responses to it. He thought wow, okay
 I was like that thing with the the Horniman Museum in South London
 They weren't getting emails for ages
 They had no idea why and it turned out that a new system had put on their computer system
 And it was to filter out any rude words and the
 Mistakened it for Horniman when that's not coming through
 We need to move on to fact number two and that is Hannah. Oh, that's me. Okay fake diamond rings are better than real ones
 Fact well my wife is in tonight and there's something fake diamond rings. Yeah, I think they're better
 I think they're better. Oh, I think they're better. No, sorry dangerous subject
 Something to say about this objectively okay, so here's the thing right you want diamonds, right? Why do people like diamonds?
 They're sparkly sure they're rare sure they're expensive. They've got great thermal conductivity
 And
 That last one I accept they do have the highest level of productivity that I agree and the thing is on every metric
 There's something else that does better, right? So sparkliness. There's another sort of
 Substitute diamond called mossomite, right much sparklier interesting. Okay, you get like a greater display of the spectral colors and
 Expensive right there is other things that are more expensive. Also, they artificially inflate the prices bit kind
 be
 Exactly and then sort of big you can grow grow them in the lab that makes better, right?
 You know big ones, but the thing is right
 So the real reason why I think that the other ones the fake ones are better is because there's this sort of diamond substitute called
 Zircon right and there's like a lab-grown version of it called cubic zircona that you get in like Elizabeth Duke
 And the thing about Zircon, that's so that's a shop. Oh, yeah, it's sorry. That's a do you not buy your jewelry in Argos?
 I
 Probably wondering why I brought you here today. Well great news open the catalogue
 No, a cheaper page, please
 Elizabeth Duke, sorry. Okay. All right, so I want you to imagine a sort of 1999 Elizabeth Duke ring
 Okay, this is I think this I think is better
 So Zircon
 It is naturally occurring and the way that it naturally occurs is when it forms it makes like this jail
 So this the crystal structure is like they're almost perfect cubes with a sort of stretched in one direction
 All right, and they're formed in such a way that they can trap atoms of uranium inside them
 Okay, like literally uranium inside a jail and the thing about uranium is that it decays okay decays interled
 But it does it at a very
 Predictable rate so if you find a lump of Zircon in the ground and you open up and you count you see that there's a certain number of
 Uranium and certain number of lead inside you know how old that zircon is right cool
 So there was some zircon that was created at the beginning of the earth
 right 4.4 billion years ago and that is how we know how old the earth is because they found this really really old zircon in
 These hills in Australia and then went through counted up how many lead atoms there were how many uranium and that's how we know
 How old the earth is and that I think is much better than a sparkly rock. Can you get that one in August?
 So I think you can get them in some joy shots like the they both contain zirconium
 Cubic zircon and zircon, but the other thing is like the gold band so you can't make gold on earth
 There's no way to like make gold. We just have what we have
 We just have what we have it was forged in stars when they were colliding together
 So I just I love the idea that you go in that nineteen ninety nine ring. It's like and that's where your engagement ring
 Came in at 20 quid
 No, you're right
 You've got you've got a ring that is the birth of the solar system and so the the origins of earth which is extraordinary
 When did diamonds come about then later?
 Zircon's us zircon is that so hang on zircon is the mineral right and the metal is zirconium and
 Zirconium is not well known and it's used in the nuclear industry and for a few other things and braces for your teeth and tennis rackets
 Interestingly, some tennis rackets have a bit anyway
 But zircon's almost they're indestructible aren't they and that's why yeah finding these incredibly ancient ones
 So they can be washed down a whole river and they won't chip and they can be heated to sixteen hundred degrees Celsius and
 Nothing happens to them and so that's why they're the sort of pieces of evidence for
 4.4 billion years ago. It's just we know they still exist in exactly the same form. That is don't really change
 Yeah, there are some diamonds like so most diamonds are made in the earth in the middle of the earth right in these things called
 Kimberlite pipes due to the pressure of the earth and they're created
 But there are some diamonds like the largest one ever found which is called Sergio. I was found
 Sorry
 Named after a guy called Sergio boge's the Cavalio found it
 It's basically not like the diamonds you have like on your rings and stuff like that
 It's what's called a carbonado
 But it is a diamond and we're not sure how it came about you find them in only two places really on earth in Brazil and the Central African Republic
 Weird they're not near each other. The thing is they used to be near each other before all of the continents came about
 So we think they might have landed on earth in this area before the continents split
 And if that is true, then they might have been made in supernovas
 They're pretty cool, but they're not very shiny. You can use them in like drill bits and stuff like that
 But you can't really put them on two rings
 A lot a lot of diamond is used for drill parts, right? Oh, yeah, most of it is found in construction sites
 Conductivity, yeah, is that what it is?
 Well partly yeah, because you want to like wick away the heat if you're drilling
 So it so it gets hot as you're drilling and then it's yeah, but it like conducts it away and it conducts it away
 Wow, because Robert Boyle we mentioned him before didn't he do a thing where he used to he attempted to basically turn diamonds into hot water bottles
 At least that was one experiment that he don't raise your internal eyebrows at me
 Would they not be not be more like cold water bottles if they're conducting
 So, yeah, maybe it's a cold water bottle because he was trying to okay excellently raised eyebrows
 He tried to yeah cool down a warm bit of his body and bed at night. He thought that that would be a way of
 Expensive way to do it. Yeah, it is yeah, you can get a cheaper hot water bottle or a cold water bottle at Argos
 I suppose
 So this is just this is not a funny thing at all
 It's just I find it interesting is that the reason earth is able to support life is partly because of plate tectonics
 Which no other planet we've observed has right us because we haven't got very good details on many other planets partly
 But basically earth has plates which move and they fracture and they collide
 And it means that bits of the inside can get to the outside in the form of magma or whatever
 It is and that means that you have oxygen forming or it means you have carbon dioxide in the atmosphere
 You know, it's it's the relationship that makes it all possible for
 Frost will be here thinking about that. Wow
 That is very cool. Yeah, have the three of you heard of little oozy virt the wrapper. Yeah, is it really a wrapper? Yeah
 Oh, why is a musician? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, so he has a diamond which supposedly is worth 24 million dollars
 Oh, yeah, so worried about it being burgled from him that he had it implanted into his forehead
 Yeah, and if you look at photos online, no, honestly, it's there is about little oozy virt is he thinks his brain is so big that this
 Just cools it down
 But he if you see a photo, it's quite it's quite large and it's quite embedded as well in in his forehead
 Come on. How I want to know the mechanics. I don't know because it was almost stolen from him at a gig
 Oh, really when he went crowdsurfing because he made it a massive target in the middle of his forehead
 But it's so just okay
 It's just a brief tangent about diamond theft because okay, right the biggest diamond ever found was called the Cullen and the two
 Cullen and Sakurai was dug up in 1905 in South Africa, and it was given to the Royal family the British Royal when you say given
 We're talking about that
 It ended up in the hands of the British Royal family
 And it was huge right was 3000 carats is a bit
 And it's it was so huge basically they had to find a way of getting it to the Royal family
 So what they did was it could have just left it
 They could have dismantled the monarchy. I know they didn't do any of these things
 Yeah, we could all be leaving a more sensible life now, but we are where we are so
 They got armed guards and they had a huge great escort for it for it
 And they they put it you know they put in a big old sealed casket. Yeah, the casket on a train to Cape Town
 Loaded onto a Royal Navy ship in a massive safe huge security everywhere ship sails back to the UK
 That was a decoy and the real journey of the diamond was put in Princess Anne's head
 The real the real thing is is amazing it was put in a normal box and just put by registered post
 No, yeah, really. I know it doesn't that say a lot about the postal system. Hmm
 They just sent a three put a three shilling stamp on this diamond and just put it in a box and posted it wow
 They always ask you if there's anything worth anything in there. Yeah, right. Yeah, yeah
 Yeah, they fit isn't that an incredible decoy. That's really only your friend had done that then
 Well, yeah, and they took it out of his head during the crowdsurf and he managed to recover it
 Imagine if if Charles had to have that put in his head
 As part of the coronation would have livened up an otherwise dull ceremony. Yeah
 Penny Mordant is using the sword
 So gently in size
 One way that you can make diamonds
 These are nano diamonds and a guy called wu Zhong Zhou from St. Andrew's University has noticed that if you burn a candle
 Then the carbon which is burning there makes these nano diamonds about 1.5 million of them every second
 Right are made and obviously they're really really tiny. There's not what you could do about it
 He wonders that maybe in the future we might be able to somehow get them to coalesce and make new diamonds whether we will or not
 I don't know but I was reading about nano diamonds and there's an amazing thing that they've just done
 They've made tiny thermometers using nano diamonds and they use quantum mechanics to be able to tell the temperature of something
 And they managed to work out that nematode worm had a fever
 Wow
 He's one of these tiny diamonds isn't that amazing and then did they give it another tiny diamond as a hot water bottle?
 Take the day off. It's incredible. It's like amazing the opposite though
 I think it was no was yeah, but it's around and maybe it was like it's around the boil time
 Okay, where they were just obsessed with burning stuff, right?
 So I think this is like the whole kind of turning gold and you know all the alchemy stuff
 And then they decided to burn a diamond right to see what what would happen?
 And they successfully managed to make it disappear into thin air because basically it just went to carbon dioxide
 Nothing else. Ah, so I've kind of destroyed it, but I can't the idea that you would do that burn a diamond next to a tree
 The tree takes in all the carbon and then basically you've got yourself a diamond tree same carbon
 So, you know
 Swallowing diamonds is that a thing well not well. Yes, is it to smuggle them?
 It's well that there are a few different reasons that people have swallowed them over the years basically
 Sometimes it's to steal them
 There was a rash of cases in the last few years of people just doing a quick switcheroo in a diamond shop and then swallowing the diamond and running away
 Oh, wow being caught and you know, and they very rarely get away with it basically
 But one thing happened to an American woman called Jenna Evans in 2019
 She had just got engaged very exciting had a diamond ring very exciting
 Then in her sleep she took the ring off and swallowed it
 Because she was having a bad dream
 About she said she was on a train and there were some bad guys on the train and she had to keep the ring safe
 Oh, no in her sleep. She took the ring off and swallowed it. Wow. And did they retrieve it? They retrieved it
 Yeah, they they went to hospital. They x-rayed her. It's a very clear x-ray of a really nice looking diamond ring
 And they said it will be unwise to let this proceed and did she
 Excrete it. No, I think they went in and I did they think they went in and got it because they said it will be unwise
 To it would be unsafe to my damage the ring
 Am I telling you?
 It is time for fact number three and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that in 16th century Italy
 Jewels often took place where the chosen weapon was very hard maths questions
 That is so good isn't that amazing? Yeah, and it's and it is totally true
 So this was quite often it was people who were university professors professional mathematicians
 You might say wasn't much job security in those days. You kind of had to kind of you know get jobs where you could
 If you were in a job, you might not stay there for long
 So one way to get your name out there was to publicly challenge a more famous mathematician to a duel
 And you would go to a church or to a town hall square or something like that
 And you'd have like 30 mass problems and they'd have 30 mass problems and there might be a crowd
 Maybe a lot of people there and then you just sit there like the countdown numbers around just
 30 is such a big number. It's like an exam. They knew even bigger numbers than that
 It sounds incredible it is incredible you couldn't you couldn't set something that you couldn't answer precisely
 Yeah, because you wouldn't know if they got it right or so they challenge you they say this can't be done
 And so quite often it would happen if a new person had worked out a new bit of maths
 You would challenge someone knowing that there's no way they could work this out because you just worked it out yourself
 And it would prove that you'd worked out and use bit of maths
 But hang on so you're only allowed to challenge someone a question which you know the answer to yourself
 That means that when you turn up at the duel you've basically already won. No, because you've got their 30 questions
 So you say so you think you've sent it. Sorry
 Jewels those two yeah, I thought both you both of you were sitting the same exam paper and you
 Okay, but also though, there's no algebra at this point. There's no sort of like nice neat equation
 So these they're set in words. So like, you know, there's horrendous math problems, which is like Jim and Joe have three
 It's like it's like the worst version of that. It's like a train leaves Leo's station
 This side did they ever use examples where the answer unfortunately had to be like your mama is a you know, like
 The answer is my son is a dick
 But you know that kind of thing if that if those existed then they haven't been kept in history
 I'm sorry did they start with a few easy ones at the beginning just to get the crowd going like what is six times nine?
 And then have to build up from there. You know what I bet they did
 I don't know. How do you might know my vicious? I think that I went to town on each other
 But there was it was it was cubics a lot like so as an equation where you have like a number cubed
 Which were really valuable because I mean, there's no calculators right at this point
 And so if you wanted to calculate interest rates, then you need these the solutions to these equations
 But there was there was a few like very particularly famous characters. So there's a guy called Cardano who?
 Had a like long-standing feud with another returning guy called Tartaglia
 And Tartaglia got very annoyed with Cardano because he
 Accused him of publishing an equation that Tartaglia had known the answer to
 And so challenged him to a duel and I think Cardano refused didn't he well
 I think Cardano he kind of refused but he had a second like one of his students and said well
 One of my students could do it because Cardano was really famous at the time
 He was a famous astrologer a bit later. He actually got put in prison for doing a horoscope of Jesus Christ
 He was really really famous and he thought it wasn't really worth him. Sorry. I really reacted like that was a crazily
 controversial thing to do now
 Okay, yeah in the time it was yeah pretty amazing the other thing as well as
 It was high stakes for these things because if you lost
 Your reputation was damaged you were you were seen as someone who was not capable of doing great math
 And it kind of just ruined you if you won there might be a monetary prize or
 Alternatively the loser had to buy you dinner
 30 times for every every single one that you got right yeah in a local tavern
 They'd have to foot the bill no matter what you order Tartaglia actually was famous at the time for he'd done a few of these
 challenges and won them all and
 He'd turned down the dinners like they'd offered him these 30 banquets and he said no, I don't need that
 I just I'm happy to show them an amazing mathematician. That's pretty pretty cocky. It's pretty amazing. Um Cardano second though
 Ferrara isn't it? He
 He was like fine. Okay. You know what I'll see you I'll do I'll do your 30 questions
 But by this time he'd worked out how to solve any equation to the power of four, right?
 Hang on level up
 So he just said all 30 questions as to the power for and I told you I had no idea how to solve them
 So he got beaten it's so it must we're talking about it like it's it might kind of been very exciting to watch
 But actually the idea of a duel where you have you could like your opponent might have invented a new kind of gun
 Yeah
 You have to have a new kind of gun and it's tomorrow and you know
 I think we should bring it back. I think the next two potential Prime Minister candidates. They should
 One end of damage
 I would love to see Liz Truss tried to solve a cubic equation
 Um, that's not the best math school though. The best story about a math school is about gal war. Um, do you know about gal?
 Okay, so he's this really young French mathematician and he was absolutely amazing
 He was what he was looking at Quintic so equations to the power of five level up
 Anyway, he was absolutely amazing, but he was also a proper flirt. So he was
 having an affair with this soldiers fiance
 And in like the the the soldier came in and was like how dare you so go. I was like fine
 I'll challenge you to a duel, but he really wanted to finish his theory like his math theory
 So he went home that night. He's like 1920 years old
 He went home that night and he stayed up all night trying to finish gal war theory and like writing on this piece of paper
 And we still have the piece of paper and all the way through it's like this
 Unbelievable mathematics that kind of still stands today is like the father of group theory
 And and he finished right? He finished the theory, right?
 He keeps going all the like the muffin muffin, right? And it's like oh in the morning
 I will die and then he goes off me and he loses in the duel. Oh
 Yeah, and honestly the math is like really good. That's also he wasn't he wasn't bluffing
 We'll fill this bit in later after dual promise. It works
 He was part of the revolution right and he thought that if he died in the duel
 There would be a big funeral and all of his mates would use that funeral as chance to kind of rise up against the government
 So sure enough he did die in the duel and everyone kind of got to the funeral and everyone was there very sad
 And I like when are we gonna do it when are we gonna do it?
 And then halfway through news was passed around that one of Napoleon's marshals had just died
 And so next week there was going to be an even bigger funeral and so they went oh fuck it. Let's do it then
 And did they do it did the French Revolution happen. Yeah
 It's quite interesting question isn't it really when you think about it
 Yeah, just on duels. Yeah, so the last duel to happen in France
 Happened after the first seven Beatles albums were released. Really? Yeah, the guys who fought it two French politicians
 There was a mayor of Marseille and another politician who was called René Riviera. It was in 1967. It was filmed
 They they fought with swords in a private house. Wow, and they could have heard they could have heard revolver by that point
 Stunning how much Sergeant Pepper which was out later. So who's at the eighth album? Yeah, Sergeant Pepper. Okay, good
 Was it legal though for them to do it like if one of them had killed the other would they have gone to jail?
 I think they were because
 1967 I think the reason I think they were fighting in a private house because it was probably a bit legally iffy by that point
 Yeah, I think actually a bit earlier than that they outlawed Jules and yeah, probably yeah. Yeah, I'm speaking of the Beatles there was
 You know so Patty Boyd Patty Boyd. Um, she was married to George Harrison
 Thank you, and then she left George Harrison to be married to Eric Clapton and
 They had an affair and it was a big it was a big thing and he wrote George Harrison wrote something about Patty Boyd that song something
 Oh, yeah, and Laila was written about Patty Boyd as well by Eric Clapton
 So she is part of two major songs as the muse the inspiration and if you're gonna if you're gonna say they didn't if you could say
 They had a duel. I'm so excited where they had to turn up with a new chord each. Yeah
 completely so one night
 George Harrison's at home and Eric Clapton turns up drunk and they have a jewel. No a guitar jewel
 Stop it. Nothing is said a guitar is handed to Eric Clapton and according to Patty Boyd for two hours
 They sat silently just riffing at each other back and forth said nothing and Clapton
 Even though he's drunk as hell still just absolutely wiped the floor with Harrison. Wow. Isn't that cool?
 There was a guitar off between Harrison and Clapton. It's less cool than it sounds
 I think if you had to be there just watching these two drunk blokes play the guitar at each other
 I think it would have been amazing
 In the 19th century in Germany, it became quite cool to have been in jewels
 To such an extent that if you were a man with a scar on your face, you were considered to be good marriageable material
 The idea was you've been in a duel so you had honor
 You've managed to someone had cut you but you still managed to get through it
 So you must be hardcore kind of person
 And it was to such an extent that men would deliberately nick their faces with razors and then bathe the cut in wine
 So that it didn't heal properly so they made them look like they've been in a duel
 It's kind of interesting because there was a
 2009 study that found that women favor men with facial scars for short-term relationships today
 Short-term relationships. Yeah, yeah, yeah, as in the bad boy. He's got a scar
 Don't know if it's true. There was also a study saying to say I got a head injury in my first week of university
 Which led to some superficial scarring and I can assure you it's not true
 It doesn't say how short-term the relationship's like doesn't matter
 I've got great countervailing data, okay, well
 Here's another
 Here's another study which counteracts it
 There was a study done where they looked at people with scars and people without scars
 And they found that if you have a scar people are more likely to stand about a foot a further away from you
 And that's about wingspan
 What a thrush a thrush a thrush has got a one-foot wingspan. Yeah, approximately
 I'm more impressed by that than anything else you said
 Just 30 to 32 centimeters, but you look at a thrush. You think that's nothing. Yeah. Yeah, but you think it's a wing on both sides
 Yeah, that's true. I think I've not in fact all the way through your early bit. I didn't understand what a wingspan was
 All the way through you've been standing half the distance
 Let me tell you about these scars
 I was reading about jewels and I found a cool thing that was almost a weird little nugget
 So I'm gonna do it as a quiz question
 So there was a jewel that happened in July 1806 between two people mr.
 Ho worth and Lord Barrymore Ho worth just before doing the jewel
 This is with pistols takes his clothes off entirely except for his underpants for the jewel
 Why is it the same reason why?
 The IRA make you take your trousers off before they kneecap you. Sorry. Oh
 Interesting
 I'm doubly confused now. I've got I've got a theory. Yeah, so he his skin was
 Like woodland colored like he looked like a jungle and so it was camouflage for the duel
 Yes, and so the the the other guy in the dual could only see a pair of underpants floating around. Yes
 No
 But like yes, what an idea right but not that. No, of course not. Can we go back to Hannah's IRA thing?
 Maybe his clothes were big because of the era when this was whenever it was and it would make him a smaller target to take his clothes off
 That's good. No, so what it was. I don't think we finished guessing them. Oh, sorry
 No, what it was is that?
 This is according to the theories of the time. It might actually be true. I'm not sure but if you were shot with clothes
 The the clothing might go into the bullet wings
 So what is it? Okay
 But so the wound will be infected with whatever disease is sitting on the clothing that you have dirty bacteria
 Whatever and so therefore it could get stuck into the wound exactly
 So he stood more of a chance if he was hit by the bullet
 Naked surviving it than he did if he had the clothes on so we should always strip
 I think that happened a relatively not all the time, but it did happen from time to time
 There was in the 1890s. There was a movement by women saying that it's not fair that whenever people bespurched my reputation
 I have to get a man involved to do the dueling for me
 And so they decided they wanted to do the dueling themselves and in Lichtenstein
 Princess Pauline von Matanik fought a duel with Countess Anastasia Kielmansek
 And it was over a disagreement over a flower arrangement
 And again, they were topless and the reason they were topless is because they didn't want their clothing to be infected
 I'm not like that. Yeah, but and you're saying the IRA did that. Yeah, well, so it's like maybe I made this up
 No, I think it's nice. You don't hear many people these days willing to speak up for the IRA
 I think that's really good. And I think it's brave. Yeah. Yeah, I regret it. I regret it
 It is time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact
 My fact this week is that boxer Chris Eubank
 Once lobbied to cancel a championship match just hours before it began because he believed his opponent had been hypnotized
 To feel no pain and also so that he could see punches coming at him three times slower than normal
 I mean, this is Chris Eubank. He's the champion of boxing at this point
 Yeah, he was he was in a match against Steve Collins Steve Collins
 Basically used mind games against you bank to make him believe that he had super powers through the benefit of hypnosis
 So he said the hypnosis meant that no matter how much you hit me
 It's just not gonna register
 But the other thing that he said was if you throw a punch at me
 I'm gonna be like spider-man in that scene in the canteen where it just comes super slow
 Right, and I'm gonna be able to just dodge everything and it freaked Chris Eubank out so much that literally hours before he was
 Desperately trying to get out despite being the absolute dominant boxer in the match. Did they end up having the match?
 Yeah, they did and you banged lost. Oh
 Yeah, he lost it worked basically he was and he talks about it years later saying that when they have their first way in and
 This was first said to him
 And there were other things that were said but he said that's when I lost the match all the way back then
 Psychologically, I was done. I just couldn't match it
 He tried to do everything that he could when he got to the to the actual event itself
 This guy Collins came out. He had a hoodie on he had headphones in and he was listening to the rocky theme tune the whole time
 You bank comes in on a motorcycle trying to look all cool
 He's got Tina Turner simply the best playing out loud the whole time this guy. He's got his eyes closed sat in the corner of the ring
 He's giving him nothing all the intimidation tactics are not working and that throws you bank as well
 I just think I can't do this. Wow. Yeah, that's amazing. Thank you very much, James
 That's amazing they could make such a big difference though
 It's the one thing that came to mind immediately for me is the
 Koshnoy versus Karpov chess game. Oh, yeah
 Yeah, one of them had defected away from the Soviet Union the other one hadn't it was a big thing about
 You know who was the best the West or the East and Koshnoy thought that Karpov's assistant was hypnotizing him
 To such an extent that this guy who was called Zuka
 He thought he was hypnotizing him by staring at him the whole way through
 Obviously everyone was staring at him the whole way through because they were watching the game
 But he said that he wasn't allowed to sit on the first two rows and they made him sit at the back of the room because he was
 Sure, it was gonna happen
 He still thinks to this day that he was being hypnotized and couldn't play chess
 It was a good reason as well because this guy that was supposedly his job
 He would come in and he would he would mentally get inside your head
 But the truth was he did get inside his head. Yeah, didn't he just didn't do it in the way that he was suggesting
 Oh, the player that was worried about the hypnosis
 He had dark sunglasses on because he thought that might deflect it
 He had his partner sit next to him and they would she was tickling him and kicking him the whole time
 Yeah, trying to break the gaze and then the
 It was crazy. He he he he brought in three monks to come
 Sorry, it was two monks. Yeah, yeah, yeah, three would be overkill. Oh, no stick to the two and four no laughs to be seen
 And they they meditated and that helped him to regain a it was something like a four one deficit in the games
 Because it was six games in total the monks helped him. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah, it was it was mad that man
 I'm caution I lost but he still today thinks it happened because he thinks that Magnus Carlson
 Who's the greatest chess player who ever lived he thinks that he must be hypnotizing people
 He's the only reason he can beat so many people because people blunder against them
 So but that idea of in chess of like it being psyching out your opponent being a big part of it
 I mean Kasparov used to do that as well, right like Gary Kasparov that the really amazing guy
 So he would do this thing where he would take his watch off
 And you put it down the table while he was playing you and then you just sort of play along and then
 At the point where he was like I'm done toying with you now
 He'd pick his watch up and he would put it return it to his wrist and that would be like your cue to say like you're done like
 But then when he played against the computer obviously none of those tricks worked but IBM they deliberately put in a bit
 They they put in an extra bit of the code
 So Kasparov knew that the computer was like calculating the number of potential options
 There were and he knew that like calculations took time
 So the longer time it took the harder the calculation was working, but IBM deliberately put in a random amount of extra time
 Before the computer would give its response
 So Kasparov was sitting there trying to think about what the computer knew and it completely psyched him out
 And he says now I mean I think all the grandmasters say that he was still at that moment still better than the machine
 Yeah, he lost it because he allowed the machine to psych him out. Yeah, right. That is incredible the mind games of sport
 Yeah are fascinating
 Hypnosis though. I I always thought it was a bit of a dubious territory and it sounds like there is a bit more science behind it
 Then we possibly give it credit as I don't know. It's kind of a bit that you're doing it to yourself
 Yes, and some people are more and less susceptible to hypnotism, but some people are really susceptible to it
 People at home can't see that Andy's moving his hands quite a lot in my direction when he's saying this
 Which I think you might be trying something
 But you know that it is illegal to do any hypnosis on television or radio in the UK
 Off-com will stop you from doing that really the reason is you can hypnotize people over
 Television and radio and one of the ways that they see how suggestible someone is is by playing them tapes and seeing if it affects them
 But off-com does not regulate podcasts
 Close the doors
 You are feelings you will buy 20 copies of Andy's book
 You better say you are feeling very sleepy. We're worried one of the people are
 Um, no, they banned it in the 40s because I'd let this is a report from the New York Times about hypnosis being banned
 I'm quoting here the BBC experimented with a television program featuring a British hypnotist today
 But dropped the idea quickly when four of the six judges went into a trance
 It was when you had to audition for TV shows basically and apparently the judge like this hypnotist was so good that the judges fell asleep
 Random studio employee fell asleep the TV announcer fell asleep every one fell asleep and when they were woken up
 They said well, he's too good. We can't put him on TV. We can't do it
 Hypnotize the whole country. It would be a nightmare. So yeah, yeah
 But why didn't he just hypnotize them into thinking he'd been a bit shit, but basically fine
 And then the power he could have had
 You do wonder because like when you hear people like Darren Brown who can do it and Paul McKenna
 Do they have the power to do it within their day-to-day life?
 And is that ethical and it turns out Paul McKenna did use it once he's admitted to it and he says I felt very bad
 I'm never gonna do it again. What do you do? Well, he used his power to make his girlfriend at the time like curry
 She's so fair she didn't like curry. Oh, that's his book as it is is badly selling fifth book, isn't it? I can make you like curry
 Wow, so what that is unethical it is unethical
 He said he'd never would do that again
 He felt really bad for it, but he just really liked curry and she didn't and it was really getting in the way of the relationship
 If that's the worst misuse of his powers, he's ever made I'm a Dutchman
 I can't believe that
 Because you just would get on the bus wouldn't you and say I've paid and that would be it, you know
 It's not that quick. I try that every day
 It's not Jediism it takes minutes doesn't it it takes like seven minutes. I don't know. Well, yeah the bus will wait, won't it?
 You just pretend you're looking for your change all the time swinging that watch
 Bus crash today because the driver for some reason thought he was a chicken
 Have any of you guys ever been hypnotized? I'd never know. Yeah, I did I did happen
 Yeah, so it was me and my co-host and they tried to hypnotize us both and it didn't work on me at all
 But it did work on him and I just there's a little bit minute is what it was making
 I just don't believe people. I just sort of do think it's a bit faking. Yeah, no
 I well you have to you have to persuade yourself. I think you're you're you're definitely part of the equation, aren't you?
 Maybe that's how they say it works right is that you are actually doing it yourself
 But you're just allowing yourself. They're helping you along the way. Yeah, well, and you didn't believe you didn't believe
 But they say yeah, they supposedly used it during the Civil War and other other war. Yeah. Yeah English or American
 American, I believe sorry. Sorry
 Sorry, I was so aggressive that I just think we should be specific when we say the Civil War. Yeah. Yeah, there are so many countries
 I think I yeah
 I just think every time every time we use the words of the Civil War to be the American one
 Yeah, yeah, a little bit of ironically I think you're not being very civil
 Being very aggressive. No, so, you know remember Naysby is all I'm saying. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah
 We could have got rid of them we did get rid of them they came back
 Sorry, go on. Oh, no, I was just checking if anyone was sorry. Sorry. Sorry. I'm sorry. So yeah, I'm during the
 the Civil War the Civil War
 Hypnosis was used on patients because it's been found in in I mean, maybe it is a bit dubious
 But it is also a bit psychosomatic if you were hypnotized prior to surgery when they didn't have the proper meds
 They could hypnotize you into thinking that you could be in a in a less painful place and they found that surgery
 Works way better when people believe that it's going to be better for them in recovery periods and so on if hypnosis is used beforehand
 Well, they do in childbirth as well. Don't they there's like the whole sort of
 But what particularly famous case in the 1800s, I think Dr. Ellison who had two sisters 15 and 17
 He had epilepsy and he was trying to hypnotize them into being better
 But then it was like so impressed with how well he was able to mesmerize them
 He like started sticking needles in their necks. Oh, and then turned it into a show
 Do you say they were his sisters? No, they were just they were sisters. Sorry. Okay. I was about to say brothers
 No, wow
 Was that around mid 19th century? I think so. Yeah, because that was a big there was this like hinge moment before they discovered proper
 anesthesia like real chemical stuff where
 Hypnotism seemed to work and there was a doctor called James Esdale who worked in British India
 It was a Scottish doctor who's in India at the time and there were a lot of men at the time who had
 Hydroceals of the scrotum. So if you're not familiar with this, it's where your scrotum
 It's really painful and it's it's like a slight tube. It's kind of tumor
 It's full of bodily fluids and they can grow and it can be really uncomfortable for ages
 And but it was a painful operation to deal with it and patients would just put up with the
 Discomfort for years rather than have the pain of the operation one man was using his testicle as a writing desk because it was that big
 Yeah, but what I'm sorry what I'm trying to say is that you know, he used mesmerism to operate on and robbed this guy of his writing desk
 But it was a it was a it was a big success because he was using mesmerism and the post-operation death rate plummeted and you know, so
 I know the weirdest we work situation
 Dear Maria, I'll write to you again from my usual place
 My name is right nut
 You know Peter Jackson of Lord of the Rings
 Yeah, can you guess why he consulted about getting himself put it through a deep hypnotic?
 Okay, so sometimes people do it if they're scared of something was he scared of Hobbits? He was
 Deep hobbophobia. No, it's not that it's related to Lord of the Rings though. Oh, is it related to rings?
 It's like yeah, he'd swallowed the ring of true power and he needed
 Yeah, no, I love this. He said this a couple years ago, right?
 He wanted to be hypnotized into forgetting that he had made the Lord of the Rings films
 So that he could watch them like a normal person
 Because they're so good
 He said that that's wonderful. Wow. Can you believe that he said he said it was such a loss for me
 Not to be able to experience them like everyone else was yeah, wow. I watched them. I was feeling sleepy
 Stephen Fry did it once he needed it for a work reason
 So he was doing his a bit of frying Laurie with you Laurie and there was a sketch that they wrote where he needed to sing
 He wrote about this in his autobiography Moab is my wash pot and he has a pathological fear of singing out loud
 To anyone could be one person in a room. He just can't do it
 but he felt he needed to do it for the sketch and so he went to a hypnotist and
 So he writes that basically it was quite embarrassing for him because in order to get it to the point
 Where he could be triggered into being hypnotized
 He needed a key word and the key word was the lead-in line but the lead-in line was hit it, bitch
 So he had multiple sessions with a therapist so I'm going when you hear the words hit it bitch
 Sing and yeah, and I think he was worried for a while that like anytime he heard that you know
 Oh, yeah, cuz Stephen Fry hears that phrase a lot
 I don't know what his personal life is like
 I'm just
 Okay, I need a wrap us up guys that is it that is all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening if you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course
 Of this podcast we can all be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on at Shriverland James at James Harkin Andy at Civil War lover
 And
 Hannah
 Yeah, or you could go to our group account, which is at no such thing or you can go to our website
 No such thing as a fish calm all the previous apps are up there, so do check them out Soho
 Thank you so much for having us once again, Hannah. Thank you so much for being here
 We'll see you all again next week with another episode. Good. Bye
. Oh
 Oh
 Thanks everyone
 You
 (audience applauding)
 (audience applauding)
