 "Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish coming to you from
 the QILs in Covent Garden.
 My name is Anna Toshinsky, I'm sitting here with Andy Murray, Alex Bell and James Harkin.
 And once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favourite facts
 from the last seven days in no particular order here they are.
 And that's starting with you Andy."
 My fact this week is that Czech dear still avoid crossing the Iron Curtain between Germany
 and the Czech Republic.
 So they used to be the Iron Curtain which was a very very long electrified fence in between
 the two countries during the Cold War and at the end of the Cold War the Czech and the
 German authorities they established a nature reserve going across the country they thought
 this is a really nice idea, we'll have this huge habitat, all sorts of species, we'll
 have lots of them to play in and there'll be more animals as a result and it'll be good
 for biodiversity and it turns out 20 years later that dear on the Czech side just will not
 cross that border.
 So what you're saying is that all dear are communist?
 These are red dear for a nice day.
 And the headline from the Wall Street Journal when this study was reported was "deep in the
 forest, Bambia remains the Cold War's last prisoner."
 She's a good headline.
 There's a strip through Germany which was called the death strip I think because it was that
 strip it was sort of like a five kilometer area between East and West Germany where you
 weren't allowed to cross and it was cordoned off with lots of barbed wire and walls and you
 know men with guns and high towers and stuff and because no one touched it, no humans touched
 it for about 50 years it's now got like more, it's the most biodiverse area in Germany.
 It's got more wildlife than your own journey.
 Is that supposedly true of Chernobyl as well?
 It is yes isn't it?
 The last leading to that old joke, why shouldn't you go wildlife spotting in Ukraine?
 Why?
 Because Chernobyl's biodiversity is very high and we can't run the risk of damaging it.
 Also Chernobyl fall off.
 Just going back to the Iron Curtain and the Berlin Wall, did you know I maybe everyone
 knows this but the Berlin Wall came down by accident kind of?
 Yeah, sort of.
 Yeah, so they were negotiations and there was going to be a change of how easily people
 were allowed to cross and they had a live television press conference which was a bit of a
 rarity then it was a bit of a novelty and the guy announcing it mixes words up quite a
 bit carried away so there's lots of changes happening they're all happening immediately
 and then people massed outside the wall.
 Yeah, there's footage of him when he's asked directly so when are people going to be able
 to cross freely between East and West Berlin and he sort of grapples with a bit of a press
 release and looks at the back of it and goes immediately and then they go for it.
 And I read a theory that the checkpoint guard who was in charge that day was a guy called
 Harold Yeager and he sort of caved in to all these protesters who came flooding towards
 him saying let us through and one of the ideas of why he would cave in is that he was waiting
 on the results of a cancer test I read in one article and he was nervous and worried
 about that and he just sort of thought oh bugger this I'm you know I'll let them get through
 he was fine by the way.
 This needs to be a movie.
 It's amazing.
 Yeah.
 Just on that there was a thing in the I think it was the second world war where shortly
 after like the horrible defeat at Dunkirk and you know things were looking really, really
 bad for Britain.
 I think it was about this time and there was a sort of offer from Germany or an offer
 of a negotiated settlement and the BBC Newsreader who was announcing the terms of this
 said well obviously we're not going to accept that way before anyone and you know true
 enough they did decline but he said afterwards yeah I read us that was a bit strong.
 Do you know who invented the phrase Iron Curtain?
 Winston Churchill.
 Everyone says it was Churchill.
 Everyone says it in that stupid vice.
 It's almost as if they know it's the wrong answer.
 Gerbil's used it before Churchill did and before that it was used by an author called Ethel
 Snowden in 1920 but Gerbil's wrote it way before Churchill did and he wrote an article
 called The Year 2000 where he was predicting exactly what was going to happen in the year
 2000 and he said that our children's children will also have had children and the events of
 this war would have sunk into myth.
 The first bit of that prediction actually isn't that impressive.
 Nice true.
 But he also said one more fly from Berlin to Paris for breakfast in 15 minutes.
 It takes longer than that though doesn't it?
 I mean even getting through security takes longer than that.
 Yeah so Gerbil's was wrong.
 About loads of things that I like to say.
 Sorry.
 So there are two species of millipede in Tasmania that never meet each other.
 Oh yeah.
 Okay.
 There's like an invisible line that they never cross but the interesting thing about it
 is it doesn't follow any kind of rivers or hills or natural contours is just like an
 invisible line and no one knows why.
 Rob Meziboff who's a millipede specialist.
 He said it has got nothing to do with the environment.
 It's like a political thing between these two species.
 Oh wow.
 Is it a leg dispute?
 It feels like it's going to be a leg dispute isn't it?
 That's just stereotyping.
 You think that everything that millipedes do is to do with their legs?
 Yeah.
 98 legs good.
 99 legs bad.
 But there might be, I mean you might, the thing is you're so long as a millipede that
 you might end up in enemy territory without realising it.
 You've got your back off.
 Yeah.
 If you're like backing up somewhere.
 Can millipedes walk backwards if they want to?
 I think they probably can.
 I think they probably can't.
 Why really?
 Why wouldn't they be able to any more than anyone else?
 I think because it's a really tough job to coordinate that many legs surely.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 If there are any millipede experts listening, if you could tweet me at egg shapes and the
 at Andrew Hunter M and let us know which of us is correct here, I think there's a
 pint riding on it.
 Yeah.
 And there are a couple of instances where the millipedes that belong to one side have ended
 up in a little blob on the other side and they think maybe they were taken over accidentally
 on a truck and then but they still aren't mingling.
 Maybe they're embassies.
 Oh yeah.
 They're millipede embassies.
 That's what it is.
 Yeah.
 That's quite cool.
 I think it's called parapetric speciation and it's where I think there are like two populations
 of an animal that don't mingle and usually it's because there's a ditch in between them
 or there's some kind of topographical or geographical reason for it.
 Or millipede racism.
 Or millipede racism.
 Or we put a great big wall up for you isn't it?
 But yeah and it means that populations tend not to mingle with each other at all.
 They'll rub up against each other.
 They'll occasionally have a chat but they'll only really make with the people on their
 side.
 Especially that creates and that means they spur up into two different species.
 And it also happens with velvet walking worms in Tasmania, that's another mystery.
 So maybe Tasmanians are just unbelievably anti-social.
 Sorry, this is a walking worm.
 Yeah, that sounds amazing.
 That's right.
 A velvet walking worm.
 I didn't look into the explanation for the name.
 What I imagine is that the worm, it doesn't have any legs but it kind of squeezes itself
 up into two halves and walks like a pair of legs.
 Let's just go on believing is that they're never Google it, anyone, nobody Google it.
 Another thing is that there is a species of shark called mecosharks and there's a line underneath
 the sea where if you catch a shark from one side of it then it will be male and if you catch
 one from the other side of it it'll always be female.
 And that's why that is either.
 Do they only have sex on either side of the line?
 They must just come together for one part of the year I guess.
 Speaking of sex on borders.
 I think it's in Switzerland.
 That's the last time you're invited to that bookshelf.
 I think it's in Switzerland, on the border of Switzerland and maybe France or another country.
 There's a hotel with a penthouse in it and the penthouse bed is on the border.
 Cool, so you can take off two countries in one go.
 I don't know if you need passports or anything.
 Are you taking off all the countries?
 Yeah, and it's so irritating because I don't enjoy sex so the idea being able to take off
 multiple countries in one attempt.
 That's a dream country.
 Dear.
 Yes, dear.
 Oh, dear.
 Dear aren't always herbivores.
 Really?
 They've been caught eating birds, out straight out the nest, other meats and stuff like that.
 And so apparently there are several species that will or quite a lot of species that will
 eat meat if it's available.
 Really?
 And on a related note, cows, I've watched a video today of a cow eating a live chicken just
 off the ground.
 You're a sick puppy, Alex.
 And also, dear, don't have gallbladders.
 That's the only other thing I have about them.
 How do they blotter their gallblad?
 Warful.
 I know what you're saying.
 OK, time for fact number two and that is James's facts.
 My fact this week is that if every car in Monaco decided to go for a drive at the same
 time, they wouldn't fit on the roads.
 How much time have you been working that out?
 Not so much.
 So this comes from the economist world in figures, I think it's called, which is a yearly
 book that has loads of statistics in it.
 And the length of the Monaco road system, if you divide it by the number of cars, is less
 than the average length of a car, according to my calculations.
 Which if they're wrong, please don't write it.
 But I reckon that each car had about, you know, just around two metres of space and definitely
 cars along the amount of an average.
 Yeah, wow.
 Should we do a test and ask everyone in Monaco to get in their cars and go on to the roads?
 Now, if you're listening to prove this fact wrong.
 Because this is a podcast, people listen at different times.
 Oh, yeah.
 No, you're right.
 We'd need to arrange that.
 And we need the entire population of Monaco to be listeners.
 I'm fairly sure they are.
 I think that's all the policies.
 Obviously, also forgetting that's an incredibly irresponsible thing to do as well.
 Of course, multiple days.
 No one said this is a perfect plan, guys.
 So does Monaco have more cars per capita than anywhere else in the world?
 I think it does, and if not, it's in the top two.
 I read that they've got, and these figures are a couple of years old, 771 cars per
 thousand citizens.
 Yeah, it's a bit more than that now.
 Okay.
 So that sounds like a lot, considering how many citizens there are, or how few citizens
 there are.
 It's the second most populated country on Earth, I think.
 It's China.
 It's amazing considering Monaco is only two square kilometers, but it's got just shy
 of a billion people living in it.
 Order.
 Order.
 Sorry.
 Alex.
 Yes, because apparently Monaco is also the second most densely populated country on Earth
 after some place in China, I think.
 Like how?
 I could be.
 Anyway, it's the second most densely populated country on Earth.
 And they also have more cars than any other people in Earth as well.
 And one whole third of them are millionaires, 30% of the population of Monaco.
 300 million.
 That's right, there are 30,000 people living in two square kilometers, so it's incredibly
 densely populated.
 It really skews the statistics, doesn't it, because they have like 100% literacy rates,
 and I give the life expectancy is like 98 or something ridiculous.
 Yeah.
 In fact, it's also the oldest country in terms of the proportion of the population who are
 aged over 65, so there it's 27.8% of the population.
 So in the UK it's about 17%, 18%.
 So as a result of that, in 2009 Monaco spent 1.2% of its GDP on education, essentially there
 are no children.
 When you were saying the size of it is 2 square kilometers, I like to say that it's almost exactly
 the same size as chipping, sodbury quarry, because when I Google things that were 2 square kilometers
 in size that was the first thing we did.
 That's very cool.
 I think your Google result may be personalized.
 There's another thing which is 2 square kilometers in size, which is the largest building
 in the world, which is in China.
 This single shopping centre is 1.76 million square meters, and that is the total area of
 Monaco basically.
 Wow.
 Because they say that a lot of the biggest buildings are aircraft hangers, aren't they?
 Oh yeah.
 It's amazing seeing aircraft factories and how big they are as well, because those are the
 same as, you know, they're really, really, really massive aircraft hangers, you know.
 I was watching a video of, this is really off topic, but I was watching a video of a German
 factory that makes houses, basically like, entire houses of the flat back.
 And the whole factory is sort of this big white sterile place, and nothing touches the floor.
 Everything is suspended from the ceiling.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Why is that?
 Just in the interest of kind of tidiness and cleanliness and, you know, you can't lose anything.
 Everything sort of, everything, all the bits are always kind of hanging and going from
 rails and stuff.
 Oh, that is a weird thing.
 Really, I've got some DIY to do this weekend at my place.
 Is that why they call it a aircraft hanger, because they hang clothes?
 No.
 It's hangar, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Isn't it?
 What on earth is that?
 That's not a word.
 No, but it's like a coat hanger.
 But it's not a coat hanger.
 I actually have a coat hanger, which is for all my coats.
 I've just got all so many millions of coats.
 Because it's such a loser.
 Actually, speaking of planes, so your fact is about all the cars not fitting on the road.
 Is the same true for all the planes fitting in the sky?
 No.
 Yes.
 No, the opposite.
 I know what you're going to say.
 All the planes fitting on the ground.
 Yeah.
 I have heard that.
 That's why there's always planes in the air because they wouldn't fit all fit in the
 air pots.
 And they used to say during the millennium when the millennium was coming, everyone said,
 "Oh, gosh.
 What are we going to do?
 We're going to have to ground all the planes, but they weren't fitting the airports."
 But I've slightly looked into it and it's definitely not true.
 I think the only thing is they wouldn't all be able to fit in an airport whilst being connected
 to an airport, so passengers could board them.
 Because I mean, airports are huge, airplanes only take up about a 20th of them.
 The rest is just tarmac.
 So I think they could all fit.
 I mean, again, if you're a pilot or a millipede, do write in if you think that's not right.
 It would be an act of confidence to build and deliver it under capacity in all the airports
 in the world, like Ryanair booking more people onto a flight than actually some people
 won't turn up.
 So they probably built the airports and then made more planes, rather than thought, "Well,
 this is the maximum number of planes we're ever going to build."
 Now let's start on the airport.
 So your fact is about lots of people going out and doing something at the same time.
 Yes, it is.
 So I was looking at a couple of things all humans could do at the same time that might make
 a big difference to the world.
 So Carton Driver magazine worked out in the course of a really quite long article, a lot
 of maths, that if everyone in the world got in their cars at once and put their foot on
 the accelerator all at once, pointing in the same direction, then the opposing force that
 would create from the earth would cause the rotation of the earth to speed up by 0.1 miles
 per hour.
 Which means you make the day longer, so you get there faster.
 Yeah, it's a perfect way to stop itself being late.
 But the traffic would be really bad because everyone is out on the road.
 It's a good point.
 It's a flawed plan, again.
 So Monaco is famous for its grompries, and this fact is about Monaco and Cars.
 Actually the second ever grompry was held in Monaco.
 The race was mowed after a large pile-up on the first lap when an enormous wave from the
 half of flooded the course.
 Oh my god.
 I know.
 Is that amazing?
 So were they all just going in and then they all just left there, covered in seaweed?
 That would be amazing.
 That would be amazing.
 And by making a squid in the car next to them.
 It's very like wacky races, isn't it?
 Was that the one?
 So there was a guy called William Grover Williams who was the winner of the first Monaco
 grompry.
 Was it in 1929?
 Or, anyway, I think the first Monaco grompry was in 1929 and the winner was this guy called
 William Grover Williams.
 And he went on to become a spy because I think he was employed for the French resistance
 in World War II as a driver and it turned out he had quite a lot of other talents.
 What was his name?
 William Grover Williams?
 It feels like he's a spy and they've got what's your name and he goes William Williams?
 It sounds also, it's exactly the same as Bond James Bond, so to be fair, you know.
 Oh, you're right.
 The name's William.
 Grover Williams.
 Anyway, apparently so he was allegedly the Nazis claimed captured and executed but there
 were a lot of sightings of him afterwards and Rumor had it that he became a grocer in
 sorry.
 It's William Grover Williams.
 Just going back to the Monaco grompry in 2004 when Oceans 12 came out, they did a publicity
 stunt where the Jaguar cars in the race were fitted with a new nose cone, each of which
 had a diamond worth in excess of $300,000 inside the nose cone.
 During the first lap, Jaguar driver Christian Klein crashed his diamond encrusted car.
 They weren't allowed to go straight to kind of sort out the car because they had to do it
 after the race finished and by the time they got there, they couldn't find the diamond.
 And no one knows where the diamond is to this day.
 I bet one person knows.
 OK, time for fact number three and that is my facts.
 My fact this week is at the town of Centrelia in Pennsylvania has been on fire since 1962.
 So people aren't entirely sure how the fire started, but it's thought that people were burning
 trash.
 So there's just a heap of trash or garbage in Centrelia and they set fire to it.
 And the thing about Centrelia is they had a huge network of mines sort of underneath it
 and largely towards the outskirts of it.
 And the fire kind of fell down into one of the mines and their coal mines.
 And so obviously coal sets fire quite easily.
 Pretty quite well.
 And so the coal does caught fire and it's been going ever since.
 And they keep trying to put it out or they kept trying to put it out up until the 80s and
 then they just gave up.
 And yeah, you have a population of over a thousand and now its population is 11 I think.
 Oh, I've heard seven.
 Has it gone down?
 2010, there were tens.
 I can't find somebody moved there.
 Come to Centrelia, it's on fire.
 It's an incredible story.
 It's so weird.
 There's not unusual these things across America.
 There are hundreds of all across the world in fact.
 So I think there are over 200 other mine fires in America.
 There are thousands in China where there are lots of coal mines obviously.
 Apparently in total, these coal fires account for 3% of the world's CO2 emissions, which
 just is insane.
 And so they're not all people chucking stuff down.
 I think sometimes it's natural and there are all sorts of other occurrences of underground
 fires made, but many coal produced at CO2, three percent.
 I read that the ones in China alone are 1% of the world's CO2.
 Yeah.
 A couple years ago, the Chinese government said that they'd been putting them out and they
 were just lying.
 And all these kind of things went wrong saying, I can still see the fire down there.
 But the main one is the one in Australia.
 You guys must have all seen that one right?
 Yeah.
 Burning mountain, which has been going for 5,500 years.
 Yeah, it's mountain.
 I don't think you can blame that on us.
 That wasn't trash burning.
 Well, I read about the ex-possible explanations for Burning Mountain and apparently scientists
 think it may have been caused by a lightning strike or spontaneous combustion, which is very
 much science-speak for, we don't know.
 Also in Pennsylvania and Texas and some other places, you can get flammable water.
 So...
 petrol.
 Yeah.
 Now what means some of that flammable water for my power?
 It's water.
 It can even be drinking water that's just got high levels of methane trapped inside it.
 And if you put a match to it, it will go in flames of it.
 Really?
 And if you've got sort of level water, you can sort of set fire to the surface of it, a bit
 like when you set fire to brandy on your Christmas pudding.
 And there are videos online you can watch this woman just lighting, setting fire to the
 water coming out of her kitchen taps.
 I do watch them on the internet.
 Do you watch them on the internet?
 Do you watch them on the internet?
 Do you watch them on the video?
 It must be really dangerous, though, because surely if the fire travels along the pipe.
 It never really catches that much because there's not enough methane in the water.
 Okay.
 And there's water as well, so.
 Oh, yeah, true.
 Here's the thing about coal fires.
 When the Titanic set sail out of Southampton, she was on fire in the coal bunker because that
 was what the Titanic's fuel was, huge, huge bunkers of coal.
 There was a fire in there which had been burning, possibly since the 2nd April, which was eight
 days before.
 A fire that wasn't supposed to be burning that wasn't being used to fuel the...
 Exactly.
 Yeah, yeah, just in the coal bunkers there was a fire happening and the crew took a day
 to put it out.
 I can't believe they didn't spot it for a week.
 The whole thinking thing is dying to make sense.
 It was very slam-past.
 It was negligent crews.
 Maybe what they were thinking is what we need as an enormous amount of very, very cold water.
 Be careful what you wish for, Frank.
 Fire is a really important in nature, aren't they?
 Especially in America, some of their big trees like the Sequoias.
 They rely on forest fires to kind of keep them healthy and keep them regrowing.
 Not because in America, everywhere, really, they have this kind of anti-forest fire thing,
 which is essentially to stop people from throwing cigarette butts around, but actually kind
 of says that all fire is bad.
 Whenever there's a fire, they try and put it out really, really quickly, which actually
 can be quite bad for the ecosystem because you do need these fires for things like sequoias
 to grow.
 Yeah, you do, because they have pine cones, isn't it?
 There are certain pine cones which are held together really tightly by resin that relies
 on fire to get hot enough that it, the resin melts and it seeds, so...
 I'm not saying we should set fire to every forest, but you know, the odd little fire is
 quite important.
 Occasional tree wouldn't hurt, guys.
 Other forests where they have managed fires, sometimes.
 Yes.
 They burn sometimes.
 It's amazing that they need fires.
 The idea that there's a type of pine cone that has fire as part of its natural habitat.
 I find it incredible.
 But yeah.
 But there are controlled fires.
 You see them a lot.
 I can't remember where.
 I think you see them in Spain.
 But I think it's often to prevent other fires from actually happening, is to pre-empt
 the fire.
 To that fire.
 It is literally fighting fire with fires.
 I've got one more thing about fire, which is the record for the longest distance run while
 on fire, which is 200 metres, which is pretty good.
 How on fire was this person?
 At the beginning, he is so on fire.
 I mean, he's really, really, really aflame.
 By the end of it, it's just his back, which is on fire, because I think a lot of it is put
 out over the course of the run, but he's an Austrian stuntman called Joe Tudling.
 And he already had the record for the longest time on fire.
 And then he broke this one.
 And then they said, "What are you going to do next?"
 And he said, "Well, I've got three more records to break, which is the furthest distance
 being pulled by a horse while on fire."
 And then the furthest distance being pulled by a quad bike while on fire.
 And then a small motor vehicle while on fire.
 So he's found his knee.
 I've had some time off, get married while on fire.
 Maybe retired, just from gardening while on fire.
 OK, time for our final fact, and that is Alex.
 My fact this week is that the first recorded traffic casualty was a Roman pig who was run
 over by a chariot carrying an ornamental phallus.
 OK, let's start with the chariot.
 Why was it carrying a massive phallus?
 Well, because it was probably part of the Dionysic Festival, which was basically just this
 big festival where they had loads of phalluses, it was also due with fertility and generally
 being a bit raucous.
 So we're sure it wasn't a metaphor, and then it wasn't just being driven by the Roman
 Pears Morgan.
 This fact is from the pig's Delhi of Odessa, which is basically a headstone, a tombstone,
 which has an old poem on it in Greek.
 It was Roman, but it was written in Greek, and also an engraving, a picture of the pig being
 run over by a cart which has a huge dick on it.
 And it's basically a sort of satirical, slightly funny headstone, because it's eulogising
 a pig rather than a person.
 But the pig was supposedly on his way on the Veeer Ignatia, which is the road he was on,
 and was kind of all very excited about having a great life, and then got run over by a chariot.
 It's very sad.
 And pigs are worse symbols of fertility, I think, as well at the time, everything is
 symbol of fertility.
 I want to know in ancient Greece, I think, ancient Greeks wore oaths over the testicles
 of pigs, because I don't know why they would do that actually, just because it's a symbol
 of fertility.
 It was a lot of the time.
 Yeah.
 Is that right?
 They always say that the word testimony comes from putting your hands over your genitals,
 which I'm pretty sure isn't true.
 Yeah, I think that's right.
 But it'd be nice if instead it was the pig testicles where it came from.
 It would.
 It's not true either, is it?
 No.
 It would be nice.
 I was kind of just looking at generally Roman pigs and what they got up to.
 There's accounts of the migarians, apparently, dipping pigs in oil, and setting fires to them,
 and then driving towards elephants, and then the elephants would trample them and get
 very scared and trample everyone, and there would just be general chaos.
 I was going to ask about that, because I remember half-remember reading a thing about setting
 fire to pigs and thinking they were dragons or something, because they're screaming and
 there was fire and stuff like that.
 I think it's the noise that made them so scary, so it definitely hurts.
 Yeah.
 And then the enemy elephants trample their own people to death, don't they?
 Yeah.
 But you have the elephants at the front of your army, is that the idea?
 So when they see the pigs coming, they turn around and trample the enemy army.
 Yeah.
 This is something really, really 100% completely not related at all.
 But I was reading this yesterday in Covent Garden and around here, they had some riots
 when they changed the prices of theatres, and they called the op riots, and people shouted
 op, op, and op meant old price, or it could have been OP or op.
 But one of the things that they did was, as soon as their play had started, everyone would
 turn the backs to their play, and then start doing these chants and stuff like this.
 And another thing apparently they did was kind of prod pigs to make them squeal, like in
 opportune times, to put off the actors.
 And just like the idea of, I don't know, kind of sneaking a pig into the pig.
 Do you dress it up?
 I was like, oh, wait.
 I like the idea that it wouldn't be distracting enough for an actor if just a person in the
 audience started shrieking.
 Yeah, I tend to go to the trouble of smuggling a pig in.
 Someone else who prodded pigs was Louis XI.
 I think went apparently when he was depressed, he liked to get pigs dressed up and have
 them poked so they'd dance for him, and he constantly kept with him a dancing troop of pigs
 to entertain him.
 Is that Louis XI, King of France?
 Yes.
 Okay, cool.
 Just checking.
 Yes.
 I think there's such a thing as too much power.
 Are you doing that for entertainment?
 Yeah, you'd think you would sit back at one point and go, oh my gosh, what have I become?
 I'm not doing my life.
 But on the other hand, look at these great pigs.
 You know we've talked about cat pianos on QI.
 So you have like 12 different cats, and they all make a different tone.
 And you press a key and it hits the cat and they squeal at a different tone.
 And it was invented by a guy called Anastasius Kietcher, or something.
 Yes.
 There is also a Pigginino, there was a Pigginino, which is the Pig equivalent.
 Oh, I thought it was a sandwich with a Pig in it, but just one sandwich, mate.
 It wasn't.
 It was a piano with a Pig in it.
 It was a musical instrument.
 I think this might have been conceived by Louis XI as well, of France, because he liked
 the idea of torturing pigs for his own entertainment.
 And the idea was conceived.
 I'm not sure if they ever made one, but he challenged someone to make one.
 And the idea is that, yeah, you pull a high load of pigs in a piano and then you bash them
 with keys, which is a pretty big piano, so grand.
 Yeah.
 I mean, it depends on the size of the keyboard, as if it's an 88 key piano, then yeah, massively.
 Does it hit them?
 Or does it pull the tails?
 I just make them squeal.
 However, where you want to make them squeal is the idea.
 I don't know.
 You could do a number of things, I guess.
 There's a Pig Olympics.
 Yeah.
 There's Pig Olympics.
 It's organised by the Sport Pig Federation.
 And there's Pig Running, Pig Swimming, Pig Hurdles, Pig Jumping.
 Pig Hurdles!
 Pig Football.
 I'd rather watch Pig Hurdles.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, no.
 It's just, you know, Pig Jumping with little hurdles.
 I think none of these sports, you watch them, and it's actually just pigs running around,
 you know, thing.
 The football works, but they cover the football in fish oil, so they run around looking at them.
 I've seen pigs playing football.
 Are you not supposed to give pigs balls and stuff to play with because they get bored
 otherwise?
 Yes, you law.
 You have to give...
 Farmers have to stimulate pigs.
 Farmers have to give pigs stimulation.
 Yeah.
 I've done a bit of research on penis festivals, of course you have, to go on from ornamental
 palaces.
 So, there are some which still exist all over the world today.
 Where's the closest one to here, do you think?
 Well, the closest one to here is...
 Is in 10 minutes time.
 Is it?
 It's got us.
 I think that's in Greece.
 OK.
 In a place called Tinevos, but in the Japanese city of Kawasaki, they have an annual festival
 of the steel phallus.
 Do they?
 And they parade an enormous pink statue of a penis through the streets, and you can ride
 a battering ram which is shaped like a penis.
 You can buy sweets which are shaped like penises.
 You can dress as penises.
 I mean, just take any normal activity and replace the main noun with a penis.
 You can dress as penis while on fire.
 Also, the massive effigy that they carry through the streets is called Elizabeth, for no discernible
 reason.
 In 2003, cabinet magazine held a world's most phallic building competition.
 The point was the Yipsilanti Water Tower in Michigan, which is nicknamed the Brick Dick.
 A lot of contenders for that prize, like every skyscraper.
 Yeah.
 So, just about phallic looking buildings, do you remember seeing that picture on Google
 Earth of a church that looked like a penis?
 No.
 It was in Dixon, Illinois, and it kind of did the rounds a few years ago.
 And it really does, you know, you can see where they're coming from, really.
 But a spokesman for the church said, "The church was not designed to be seen from above."
 You hang on, when they say the building wasn't designed to be seen from above, all buildings
 have architectural plans, which you will be able to see.
 That's so true.
 That's a really good point.
 One more thing on penises. I found a cabaret event that was held in March of this year, which
 was specifically for men with small penises.
 It was established by a fellow called Ant Smith, who says he has a small penis.
 I'm going to be very glad you named Jackson, I'm shocked.
 But he was in all the papers at the time, I mean, he was trying to publicise this.
 He was trying to get the word out there, saying, "This is something that really worries
 a lot of men, and just come to terms with it, and it was to help men come to terms with
 it."
 And the entry fee was that you had to pay 50p per inch of declared penis.
 That's really good, I'm glad he's doing that.
 And it is kind of ridiculous that we make fun of that and keep on stoking this ridiculous
 fire.
 I think we're celebrating it.
 Small penises.
 Well, this kind of event.
 Yeah, I think we're all saying, "Well done, Ant Smith."
 Definitely.
 But if I got along, I would have had to pay six quid.
 No, I'd have paid £1.50.
 I'll just round it down.
 OK, that's all of our facts for this week.
 Thanks very much for listening.
 If you want to get in touch with anyone on Twitter from this podcast, you can contact James
 on @EggShoteAlexon.
 @AlexPull_Andy on @AndryHunterM.
 And you can email me on podcast@QI.com.
 And we'll be back again next week with another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 Thanks very much for listening.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Bye!
 (upbeat music)
