 Oh hello and welcome to another episode, and no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Huntamari, and Anna
 Chazinski, and once again we have gathered around the microphones only this time not with
 our four favorite facts from the last seven days, but with the best four facts sent in by
 you the listener.
 And so in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is you Chazinski.
 Yeah, my fact was tweeted into us by someone called Owen Nelligan, so thanks for this Owen,
 this fact is that the person who invented the lie detector married the first person he
 interrogated with it.
 Did he say will you eventually marry me, and she said no, and then it came up as a lie?
 Well, it's so close to that.
 According to a book about the history of lie detection and polygraphs, he, so this is
 a guy called John Augustus Larson, and he was using a lie detector to interrogate Margaret
 Taylor, and it was about a diamond ring that she'd had stolen, and so the result of the
 interrogation was that her diamond ring was found and returned to her, and she was so grateful
 that she volunteered her services to him to play criminal in other lie detection tests.
 And then after about a year, apparently he had her on the lie detection test, and he said,
 do you love me?
 And she said no, and it came up as a lie, and she said, did you tell me that?
 That's bullshit.
 Yeah, right.
 But no, no, I really don't.
 Oh, well, the machine's saying it.
 Sorry, what?
 I got something the machine's saying, and I must do it.
 Do you take this man to be a lovely wedding husband?
 No.
 Sorry.
 Because it made news, the fact that they got married, it was headline news at the time.
 The San Francisco Examiner had it on its front page, it said, inventor of lie detector traps
 bride.
 They had their wedding as well with all the police force there, and yeah, and they played,
 they played a prank on them, basically immediately after the ceremony.
 They beat them up.
 Yeah, they handcuffed them, and they packed them into a patty wagon and just abandoned
 them in a countryside, just left them.
 Yeah.
 It's a classic police prank.
 Yeah.
 So I'm a bit confused about him inventing this thing.
 John Augustus last at the man who married the woman he interrogated.
 Yes.
 So the invention of lie detector involves several stages, I guess.
 But what he did was he integrated a test for blood pressure that had already been invented
 by someone called William Masterson, and he integrated that with a way to measure your
 pulse, your respiration, and your skin conductivity, and put that all together.
 And then that was what became called the polygraph.
 So there are lots of different people who might have invented it.
 Yes.
 If only we had a way of telling who was the real one.
 And you say someone called William Masterson, but William Masterson is hugely famous in the
 world of comic books because he is the inventor of Wonder Woman.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 So the inventor of the lie detector also, well, the inventor of one of the stages of the
 lie detector also created Wonder Woman.
 And it was his wife, Elizabeth, who helped him sort of connect the dots about the idea of
 emotion and blood pressure being combined as a thing that you could tell people's emotions
 from.
 And that's for truth or false.
 How did he trap her?
 With the I assume the lissue, probably, the lissue of truth, because she has a Wonder Woman,
 has a lissue.
 Yeah.
 And anyone caught in it can't lie.
 She has a lie detector.
 Yeah, that's her weapon.
 That's not a lie detector, though, is it?
 If you can't lie, that's not a lie detector, because every single thing you say will be
 the truth.
 It's just a lie, a inventor.
 Yeah, that's true.
 It's just very quickly on William Marsden.
 He had a really odd relationship, because they're not sure who Wonder Woman was properly based
 on.
 They think that it was his wife, Elizabeth, but also they think it was this other lady
 called Olive.
 Turns out that they had an open relationship, and they're based on both, so just a little
 nugget there.
 He lived with both women, didn't he?
 Yeah, he did, yeah.
 Which of those two was the one who wore the weird outfit?
 One of them wore the outfit, but the other one had a golden lissue.
 Yeah.
 He wasn't a very creative man at all.
 He was a bit of a self-promote, wasn't he?
 I think that's why we associate him with the polygraph these days.
 So there was a Gillette advert in 1938, which he appeared on, to say that the company's
 raises were better than the competition, but he's using the polygraph.
 Yeah, he sort of hooked people up to it.
 Which race is best?
 Is it Gillette a Wilkinson sword?
 And presumably if they said Wilkinson sword, it can cut it.
 Yeah, as polygraphs don't actually work, do they?
 No, they don't think it's amazing.
 These things are complete crops.
 So they don't work, but they're still used or are they not used anymore?
 They're used.
 But am I right?
 I'm saying in court, they don't necessarily take them as solid evidence.
 They do.
 They do, and Jeremy Kyle though.
 Right.
 But they're used in lots of other processes.
 So there was an article this week about how Trump's having real problems with getting
 a border control force up.
 So he wanted to increase the US border control by thousands.
 And actually, their numbers are decreasing at the moment in the US border control.
 And one of the reasons for that is that two thirds of them fail the lie detector test
 that you have to pass to get into US border control.
 I didn't know you'd do.
 Do you need to pass one to become president?
 I do not believe so.
 But so if you are a particularly guilty person, just in general, you might fail a lie detector test
 just because you think of what would happen if you had told a lie, or if you had committed
 the crime that they're asking you about, so that will cause you a spike in blood pressure
 or a spike in temperature or a spike in your heart rate or whatever.
 And also, you can normalize the responses.
 So if they are asking you control questions at the beginning, and you let's say you bite
 your tongue or you stab the inside of your leg with a fork or whatever while that's happening,
 then that will cause a big spike.
 And I think, well, those spikes are normal when he's answering those control questions.
 So later on, when we're asking him about the murder, you might have the same spike and
 they'll say, well, no, you didn't do it.
 Do you think they'll be suspicious because you bring a fork into the polygrip test?
 Right.
 Yeah, they might.
 They might be leading out of your mouth for all that gun biting.
 Mr. Murray, is it true that you stole all the fox from the cartoon?
 Yeah.
 So on the guy that this fact is about, he solved the crime that he was put in charge of solving.
 So it was his mystery on the campus of the University of California over who was stealing
 lots of the students' possessions.
 So Margaret Taylor, who he married, had a diamond ring stolen.
 And he figured out who it was because he did a lie detector test on all of these students.
 And this is how it worked.
 He ended up working, apparently, to prove that the lie detector test would work forever more.
 The way it worked was he sat to someone down who was called Helen Graham and asked her if
 she'd taken the money.
 She exploded with rage to all of her equipment off around over to the recording device to
 tear it up and said it was outrageous that anyone was allowed to use that.
 She had to be restrained and said that otherwise she would have beaten the officer in the face.
 So it sounds like she did it.
 And she did it and then admit later on to doing the crime.
 So that's how they work.
 They just send you flying into a rage.
 I think that is how they work, isn't it?
 Like, really, the only way that a polygraph could possibly work in a court of law is by making
 you admit to something, right?
 Because people think they work.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So they then become truthful.
 So there was.
 This was supposedly a method they used in BC era to determine whether someone was lying
 or not.
 Supposedly in India, this was used.
 What you would do is you get a donkey and you'd cover its tail in soot, right?
 And then you put the donkey in a tent, okay?
 And this is a dark tent and it's that night that you do this.
 And then you put the suspected liar in there and you say, "We've got a magic donkey."
 And you have to grab the tail of the donkey when you're in there.
 And if it braze, we'll know that you committed the crime.
 But actually, what it is is, if they come out and they haven't got subtle over their
 hands, then you know that they didn't even grab the donkey's tail in the first place.
 So that's how they tell that you're the wrong one.
 There's a story that Charles Napier did that, who's won the Inventors of Logarithms, but
 he did it with a chicken.
 So he had his dark room, he put soot on his cock, and then asked people, "Andy."
 I knew you were going to say it, but I'm so pleased with it when you did.
 No, he put, he did a dark room, put soot on his chicken and then told people it was a magic
 chicken.
 And again, it was the people without sutted hands who he knew were guilty.
 Yeah, but actually, even if I was innocent, I wouldn't take the risk of the chicken actually
 being magic and wrong.
 Could you do this?
 It could be a magic chicken who's just got it in for you.
 Yeah, exactly.
 That chicken's always hated me.
 Because you do assume that if you pull a donkey's tail, it probably will braze.
 I think even in the illogical days of the BC era, people knew that they might do that, even
 if they haven't committed the crime.
 Or we went to say for the BC era, what's the correct way of saying it?
 I think that's it.
 Oh, I think that's it.
 Before the time of Christ?
 Yeah.
 Before the common era, I think.
 Yeah.
 What's the E when the BCE?
 Era.
 James said it.
 It's actually…
 Just said it naturally.
 Wow.
 But we could switch those two sentences right.
 Yeah.
 Do you want to know another method of telling the truth?
 Yes, please.
 Which era is it from?
 This is from the AD era.
 The anal domini era.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 What does AD stand for?
 So this is in China, when you're being prosecuted, you have to hold a mouthful of rice during
 the prosecutor's speech.
 Now, it was believed that when people are anxious, they stop salivating.
 And you know that feeling of having a dry mouth when you're nervous.
 So if the rice was dry by the time the prosecutor finished speaking, it was believed that you were
 guilty because you hadn't been salivating and the prosecutor's talking about your crime.
 Which is unbelievable.
 Because actually, it could have just taken lots of ecstasy, for instance.
 Yeah, that was true.
 Does that give you a dry mouth?
 Yeah, I've heard.
 Yeah.
 Do you know who invented the first way of measuring your pulse?
 Oh, that must be a before-common era thing, isn't it?
 It's not.
 So actually, maybe it's the first way that this book I was reading claimed.
 So it was Galileo, apparently.
 But it's really clever.
 So at the time, people didn't have watches where you could, you know, obviously check someone's
 pulse against the ticking of your watch.
 You took a checker by the sun dial.
 In the scene of hours.
 Full day.
 So he invented this thing called the pulsillodium.
 And what he did was he rigged up this pendulum.
 So he hung this pendulum up and then he got the pendulum going and it was attached to a thread.
 So it was swinging and attached to this thread that he could pull on to make it longer or shorter.
 And he'd have the pendulum in one hand with his hand on that thread.
 And then he'd test someone's pulse with the other hand.
 And he'd make the string longer or shorter until it was exactly in time with that person's
 pulse.
 And that's a really accurate way of measuring it because the length of the pendulum tells
 you how fast their pulse is going and then you know if that's normal, isn't that really
 clever?
 That is really cool.
 That is.
 He was pretty clever, wasn't he?
 He was OK.
 Yeah.
 There is a method where, so this is a test they tried in the 1980s.
 Basically, there were loads of different lie detector tests and would they hope that they're
 going to get a really accurate one at some point?
 There's a test called P300 which is basically that after you see a very distinct image,
 your brain will have a little burst of activity at 300 milliseconds after you see it, right?
 Right.
 So the idea was if someone had committed a crime, let's say I mugged someone who was wearing
 an orange suit and I saw that suit again later, my brain would register that same burst
 of activity.
 But then an orange suit is quite unusual.
 So I think if I saw an orange suit, I would also be, this is the problem.
 And you have to find things that the criminal saw and that are unique.
 So maybe he works in an orange suit, a factory and he won't register the same thing.
 And actually criminals wear orange boiler suits, don't they?
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 So he might just be worried about the prospect of getting to prison for a crime he didn't
 commit.
 So that did not work, basically.
 Yeah.
 So it's the logic there that if you know that that test happening, if you commit a crime,
 you should do it in a place with no distinguishing features.
 Like Slough.
 OK, it is time for fact number two and that is Andy.
 My fact is that Lichtenstein has roughly two companies for every person who lives there.
 So this is a fact from a guy called Richard Smith at Richard AV Smith.
 So probably we're not saying that these people all own two companies, are we?
 No, we're not.
 Other companies are from overseas, but they're registered in Lichtenstein because it's a tax
 haven.
 They make all their money from extremely dubious financial arrangements.
 They don't make all their money, or indeed any of their money from dubious arrangements,
 I'm sure.
 Just in case the lies are listening.
 I'm sure they make a lot of their money from practices that are frowned on in the wider
 international community, but which happen to be legal in Lichtenstein.
 But they make money and false teeth, don't they?
 I remember there's an old cue, I fact, that they're the biggest exporters of false teeth in
 the world in Lichtenstein.
 I think China might be about to overtake them, but Lichtenstein has been punching above
 his weight for some time.
 Yeah, they've got 35,000 people, it's amazing that they export more than China.
 How many of the companies are false teeth?
 Almost all of them, but yeah, there's very little tax havens stuff going on.
 Are we talking teeth with gums, like as in full sets of dentures?
 Dentures.
 So not individual teeth.
 Well, I guess it depends, doesn't it?
 I think it's dentures.
 I think it's one company that makes all these dentures.
 Right.
 I think it's in Lichtenstein.
 It's a funny old place, isn't it?
 It's an amazing little place.
 Yeah.
 I mean, it's named after the guy who bought it.
 That's pretty amazing.
 And the family who still are the royalty there are the descendants of him.
 So it's still the Lichtenstein family.
 You just never see that because they never use their surname.
 So weird.
 It's like Queen Elizabeth, you know.
 You rarely see Windsor.
 She's called England.
 Oh, she not called England.
 So it's 160 square kilometers, which is 74th the size of Yorkshire.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 I mean, I don't know how big Yorkshire is.
 It's quite big.
 Yorkshire is quite big, but it's smaller than like England, for instance.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I read a really good fact in Lonely Planet about Lichtenstein, which is that their last
 military engagement was in 1866.
 The last time they sent soldiers out.
 So 80 soldiers went out and 81 returned.
 They made a friend and brought one back.
 Well, what is a friend other than someone that you've captured?
 Well, he knows an Italian guy who's just like, I love you guys.
 You're really fun.
 I'll come back to Lichtenstein.
 That sounds like Stockholm Syndrome to me.
 In 2007, 170 Swiss troops marched into Lichtenstein by accident on a training exercise.
 They crossed the border.
 So basically, it's their army going into another country, which could be kind of a bad
 thing, I guess.
 But the truth is that Lichtenstein's defence is actually looked after by Switzerland.
 Lichtenstein doesn't really have an army of its own.
 That's such a confusing defence attack strategy that's going through your head.
 So you could march in.
 And then if anyone stops you, stop hitting yourself.
 They've done it a few times, actually.
 They threw grenades into Lichtenstein, I think, in the late '60s.
 Really?
 And another time they set a bit on fire with flame throwers, they started a forest fire.
 They did ring to apologise after the 2007 one, didn't they?
 I think they went in.
 Lichtenstein didn't notice.
 They ran away again quickly after they realised.
 And then they called the next day to say, I'm really sorry, we accidentally invaded
 you.
 And then the Minister of the Interior said, it's no problem at all, these things happen.
 So that happened again in 2002 when British Marines invaded Spain by mistake, thinking that
 they were practising and invading Gibraltar.
 Despite the fact that Gibraltar has a massive rock sticking out of it, and they said, well,
 the beach is very confusing, actually.
 So they stormed us off.
 They had assault rifles, they had mortars.
 They took up a defensive position, just to face a couple of Spanish fishermen and a
 couple of local policemen who said, Gibraltar's over there, look.
 And the MOD later on said, it was clearly an embarrassing and unfortunate incident.
 They made their apologies and left.
 But when they said Gibraltar's over there, does that mean the army asked for directions?
 No, I don't think they did.
 Right.
 I think the Spanish police must have known that they were doing a training exercise.
 Oh, yes.
 Yeah.
 Rather than assuming they were being invaded by British.
 Yeah.
 Although apologising and leaving is a very British way to invade somewhere.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 The ruler, Prince of Lixianstein, is the wealthiest monarch in Europe.
 Wow.
 He's in the billions, isn't he?
 He's five billion, I think, because of all the--
 They're both of the billions.
 Yeah.
 Well, because the crown wealth doesn't actually count towards the queen's personal wealth
 officially.
 Otherwise, obviously, she'd be well up there.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, he's loaded.
 But people love him.
 So in July 2012, Lixianstein did a bit of a turkey, and they-- there was a referendum
 on the trip.
 I think we can call it that.
 There was a referendum on whether the Prince should have all of his powers extended and whether
 he should have the power to veto the results of any future referendum.
 And 76% of the country said, yes.
 Yeah.
 We think if there are ever referendum in future, you should be allowed to overall them immediately.
 So they love the guy.
 Yeah.
 They do.
 And he-- he's an interesting character, because during that period, he threatened to just
 leave.
 I think that was why they voted.
 I think that was why they voted.
 Yeah.
 I'm just going to leave.
 I'm going to take all my money.
 I'm going to take the name of the country that is me, because I think of a new name.
 I'm taking back that Italian who came back with the army.
 I'm taking everything.
 And he-- because they had another referendum where they wanted to talk about abortion and
 whether it should be legal, because there's a legal in Lixianstein, and they said we want
 it legal.
 And he just went, no, sorry.
 I'm overruling that.
 It's not happening.
 He once a year throws a big party for everyone in Lixianstein to come to his-- the
 palaces.
 Actually, 20 odd percent of those wanted him to leave the country.
 Yes.
 The people invited to this party.
 We'll put them over near the toilet.
 Yeah.
 It doesn't all grudges like that.
 36,000 people invited to the same party, and it's supposed to be a garden party on his
 lawn.
 So I just want to know how big his lawn is.
 I guess if you own Lixianstein, the whole thing is your garden, so it's just like that's
 the party.
 That's where you are.
 So just stay at home.
 Yeah.
 Well, how do you not attend the party?
 If you're annoyed about the referendum.
 That's why everyone attends the party to leave the country.
 30,000 isn't that many though, is it?
 If you think about a football game, like Man United Game would have what, 70,000 or something.
 I guess.
 It's quite a lot.
 I'm thinking of my flat now.
 So I think his garden's probably bigger than your flat.
 But not by much.
 I know what you're saying.
 Yeah.
 I've never been to your flat.
 No.
 Oh, sorry, yeah.
 We had a party.
 I'm afraid not the whole population of the podcast is invited.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is by fact.
 My fact was sent in by Luke Haynes.
 That was on email.
 In 47 BC, there was a giant robot, Cleopatra, walking the streets of Alexandria, squirting milk
 from her breasts onto the heads of onlookers.
 OK.
 Yes.
 This was sent to you personally.
 Was it that one?
 This was sent to all of us.
 But I think it was edged towards me in the email.
 Do you stand by it?
 Well, I did when I read it and sent it to you and let you go research it.
 And now having Googled it, I can't find any evidence that it's real.
 It appears in a new statesman article.
 And it's delivered at the top of the piece, very confidently, as if it's fact.
 And I just can't seem to find it anywhere else.
 But I still stand by it.
 OK.
 So I read a review of a book called Cleopatra Alive by Stacey Schiff.
 Yes.
 The review was by Mary Beard, who I think we do trust, as a classist.
 And she wrote about a famous procession in honor of the god Dionysus in the third century
 BC by Ptolemy II.
 So that's before Cleopatra.
 And they wrote that there were floats, and one of the floats had a large statue which
 stood up mechanically without anyone laying a hand on it and sat back down again when it
 had poured a libation of milk.
 Oh, wow.
 So I don't know if this is the same thing, or even if that's true, but I, you know, that
 is from a good source.
 Yep.
 But it seems to me like maybe two things have been conflated.
 I don't know, though.
 Was it a statue of Cleopatra?
 Because that would be truly extraordinary before she was born?
 300 years before she was born.
 Yeah.
 Well, it might not have been before the first Cleopatra, because Cleopatra was actually
 Cleopatra VII.
 Yes.
 So one who is famous, you know, for having affairs with Julius Caesar in marketing and things
 like that.
 She was the seventh.
 You know how she hooked up with Caesar?
 Chop.
 Tinder.
 Yeah.
 It was, it was like their version of Tinder, and this is how it worked.
 She was married at the time to her brother, as was customary, so she actually married both
 of her brothers, both called Ptolemy, and she engineered the death of both of them as
 well.
 Yeah.
 No, so she decided that she wanted to hang out with Caesar, because he was a very powerful
 man.
 I wanted to have a bit of flirting with him, and she was having a feud with her husband and
 see Ptolemy.
 And Caesar was Ptolemy's enemy.
 Sorry, which Ptolemy we're talking about.
 We're talking about Ptolemy her brother, or Ptolemy her brother brother.
 She really had a type, didn't she?
 She's feeling in the profile of the dating aid, didn't she?
 Must be six foot, called Ptolemy, my brother.
 Yeah, it was Ptolemy her brother, which one?
 Her brother, her brother, her brother.
 Anyway, he said, you obviously can't see Caesar, because he's my enemy, and so she had
 herself wrapped up in a carpet and smuggled into Caesar's personal quarters, and then I think
 this is a famous depiction of her.
 She's always unrolled in films of Cleopatra, isn't she?
 Yeah.
 I love it.
 It's so fun.
 The idea of being unrolled from a carpet onto the floor.
 You know what, it sounds like fun, but I reckon when you do it, it's not going to be much
 fun.
 Because the carpet will be round by the end of the rolling process, but as it gets closer
 and closer towards your body as you're being unrolled, obviously the carpet will be more
 in your shape, and you'll be sort of bumping over the floor.
 You're going to be bumping, it's going to be.
 Yeah.
 That's if you haven't suffocated in the carpet, maybe there's a delay, you know?
 That would have been a sudden anticlimax, which is a dead clear pattern.
 Rolls out.
 Roll the back up.
 Take her out.
 Wouldn't they furotously imbred then if they were all marrying their siblings?
 Yes.
 But she wasn't having babies with them.
 No.
 It was all about keeping power.
 That would be disgusting.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 It was all about keeping power.
 So she married one of the tolamies when he was ten, and that was so that he could be the
 co-ruler.
 Ah, okay.
 But the thing is, I don't think they were particularly against having sex with each other.
 I loved it.
 You know?
 I loved it.
 Cleopatra had only six great-great-grandparents out of a possible 16.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 But on the plus side, she had a lot of extra toes.
 Is that a plus?
 I'm toes on that use, but I feel like I've just got enough.
 It would make the game of this little piggy goes to market, go on a long time, but that's true.
 Just on this little piggy, married as brother.
 It was also called tolamy.
 Tolamy.
 Speaking of toes, found out a thing a while ago, ancient Egypt.
 This is sort of going into robots.
 Ancient Egypt, they actually worked out how to make a strap-on toe for people who'd lost
 a toe so that it worked so that they could continue to walk like an Egyptian.
 That's a terrible joke.
 That's a terrible joke.
 No.
 So it's amazing.
 They found it.
 It's the oldest use of augmenting a human prosthetic where they were able to walk
 something, and they found it, because it's a leather and wooden thing that they would strap
 onto the toe.
 The flexibility of it was up to 86%, which meant that it literally worked like how a normal
 toe would function.
 It wasn't.
 That was like, they must have had prototype models and refined it and refined it.
 So the flexibility allowed them perfect gate for what they had before.
 Really?
 It was a specific rule in American football that you're not allowed to kick the ball with
 an artificial toe.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Why?
 Because it's spring loaded or something?
 Well, basically, they all, pretty much all the rules in American football, because people
 have done something and then they have to make a rule against it.
 But one of the best kickers of all time, I think he just got his record beaten for the longest
 ever kick, didn't have any toes on one of his feet, and he had a special fake toe made
 so that he could kick properly.
 And it shouldn't really have helped him in any way if you look at it.
 It shouldn't have helped, but obviously his opponents didn't like the idea, and so they
 banned it.
 That was really messy.
 Yeah, that's a shame.
 Was it that?
 Yeah.
 Can I just say, this prosthetic toe dates back between the time of 950 and 710 BC.
 Wow.
 It's really old.
 Yeah.
 It's really advanced technology.
 I have another thing from around 950 BC.
 Oh, yeah.
 Okay, so this is an automaton by King Mu of Zhu in China.
 I've probably pronounced that wrong, but that's how it looks.
 He had an engineer called Yanxi, and Yanxi gave him a human-shaped figure, which walked
 with rapid strides, moved its head up and down, and touched its chin, and began singing
 in tune.
 Okay, this was supposedly 950 BC, and the King obviously thought it was amazing, but then
 as the performance was drawing to an end, the robot winked its eye and made advances to
 the ladies of the audience.
 Oh, no.
 And so the King demanded that it be broken down until it was proved that it was actually
 an automaton, because he thought it was some kind of a live thing.
 Also, who was an automaton?
 And I assume the climax was going to be that that was obviously just a sleazy man.
 Just painted himself silver.
 Yeah.
 Well, I mean, it's a story from ancient China, so maybe it's not even true.
 The BC era.
 Yeah, they did have amazing things in the 18th century, so these are automaton, which
 so the recorded we have drawings of them and things like that.
 So there was one called the Volcancon duck built by a Frenchman called Jacques de Volcancon
 in 1738.
 It could stretch his wings, it could smooth his feathers, it could splash around in water,
 it could stretch out and take corn from your hand, and then it produced realistic, horrible
 smelling duck droppings.
 Wow.
 And this was an automaton.
 It was unbelievable.
 And sometimes, when he was making a performing front of ladies, de Volcancon would put it in
 a little skirt.
 I'm not sure why.
 Yeah.
 That's what was the purpose that it served?
 Was it useful?
 No, entertainment.
 It just provided you with duck droppings.
 Yeah.
 But that's all ducks do to be fair.
 Well.
 And more ducks.
 You can eat them.
 That's true.
 Like, if you have one of the greatest engineers in France coming to you with his new invention,
 then all it is is a bit of metal that produces duck droppings.
 You might be disappointed.
 They're actually not even real duck droppings.
 They're artificial duck droppings.
 For people, you know when people can't commit to a child, those weird people who, by one
 of those strange life-like dolls instead, was it for people who couldn't commit to having
 a real pet duck?
 So.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that was it.
 That's very thoughtful to invention.
 So just back to Claire Patrick quickly, she was pretty wild.
 She seemed to have a lot of fun in her life, according to, well, the contemporary records.
 When she got into a carpet warehouse, she, sometimes they wouldn't find it for weeks.
 Imagine how are the Oscars as well.
 And Claire Patrick's not a bit weirdly.
 The red carpet hasn't been delivered either.
 Oh, my God.
 What's happening here?
 That's different.
 Was it Elizabeth Taylor who played Claire Patrick?
 Yeah.
 You should have arrived like that.
 That would have been amazing.
 Okay, it is signed for our final fact of the show, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week came on Twitter through @FlockOfWords, and it is that Manatee's
 control their buoyancy through flatulence.
 Very clever.
 Yeah, it's very clever.
 There's loads of good ways that animals control their buoyancy, because if you think about
 it, if you're living in water, you want to decide how high and low you're going to be, don't
 you?
 Yeah, yeah.
 So cuttlefish.
 Cuttlefish have a bone with holes in it.
 Okay, cuttle bone, it's known as.
 And the hollow structure contains both liquid and gas, and the cuttlefish can change its
 density by varying the quantity of liquid within its bones.
 That is amazing.
 What?
 Isn't that amazing?
 Yeah, that's incredible.
 Do we do anything like that as humans?
 No, we go up and downstairs.
 Yeah, but do we do anything on the way?
 I mean, I fart a bit.
 Well, think about it this way.
 If you're in a swimming pool, and you hold your breath, actually you wouldn't sink under
 the water.
 You'll be naturally buoyant.
 Yes.
 And then if you let all the air out, you'd naturally go down.
 Right.
 Okay.
 Antarctic krill do things a bit like humans.
 They don't have these bones like cuttlefish, and they don't fart like manatees.
 But what they do is they kind of tread water all the time.
 So they're always kind of moving their little swimming legs back in front to make sure that
 they stay at the right level.
 That sounds so annoying.
 I know.
 Imagine that your whole life.
 You're just treading water.
 Oh, that's a horrible metaphor, isn't it?
 They migrate, I think daily, and they migrate, and they don't migrate across, they migrate
 down and up.
 Yeah.
 And they move to different bits of the water column, as it's called, depending on food and
 light and heat and this kind of thing.
 So that's how animals know where to hunt them.
 Are we sure they do that because of that, and not just they're trying to get to the surface,
 and then they're so knackered, they give up and they drop back down to the bottom again?
 I don't know.
 That sounds more plausible.
 Yeah.
 And that manatees, they have to hold their breath to be underwater.
 So they constantly have to come up and re-oxygenate, and they can take a lot in in one big breath.
 It's something like 90% of the oxygen just gets re- they change 90% of the air.
 Sorry.
 They're lungs in a single breath.
 In a single breath.
 Humans, any change about a tenth in a single breath?
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So what they do, though, is when they go to sleep, they go down and they effectively do a form
 of sleepwalking, but sleep-sleeping.
 Yeah, wait, sorry, sleep-sleeping, sleep-sleeping, where they come to the surface and they take in
 breath, but they're still asleep and then go back down.
 Wow.
 Yeah, it's just like a bit of sleep.
 Are they definitely still asleep?
 Yeah, because I can't tell.
 It's like a half-a-way, they say it's exactly, it's as close to, yeah.
 It's like if you know that you got up in the middle of the night to check the clock to see
 what time it was, or it was 4am, and then went back to sleep, but you can remember that.
 It's having a conscious memory, but sort of also being still asleep, kind of thing.
 Why don't you keep your clock just with the view of your bed so that you don't have to get
 up every time you need to sleep?
 Because my clock is my iPhone, so you've got to press the button to turn it on, to have a
 look.
 I see.
 Yeah.
 It's a bit more complicated.
 That must be so annoying, because they can only last about 20 minutes underwater max without
 going out for hours.
 Yeah, but it was constantly-
 Well, they nap all the time.
 They don't have a long period of sleep.
 They're not like eight hours in the evening.
 They just nap in small little doses all the time.
 They're pretty lazy, aren't they?
 Manatees.
 Yeah.
 I've seen them.
 I've seen them all close.
 Yeah.
 Oh, they look so cool.
 They are quite cool.
 I saw them in a sea center and also in the wild.
 And in a sea center, they all have scars on them.
 This was a few years ago from where boats have hit them.
 Yeah, probably 90% I think are scarred from the friend base.
 Wow.
 But they just kind of, they're like cows.
 That's because they're called sea cows sometimes, aren't they?
 And they just kind of go around the sea, just grazing, and then sleep in for a bit.
 What do you want them to do, build melt squirting robots?
 What?
 But they look like they're really fat, and like they've got loads of blubber to survive
 and call waters.
 And they haven't.
 It turns out they're all intestines because they're herbivores, so they have to eat loads
 and loads of plants.
 They eat about a tenth of their weight in plants every day.
 Yeah.
 And so they have to constantly be grazing and constantly be digesting, which is where they
 get all the methane for their flatulence fron.
 Ah.
 But the lack of blubber means they can't survive and call waters, so they have to migrate
 when it gets cold in winter.
 And sometimes they swim into the, you know, the warm water outlets of power plants and things
 like this.
 Yeah.
 Because you get hundreds of manatees in Florida just converging.
 In fact, did you see in 2015, they got, I think, 19 manatees got stuck in a pint and a drainage
 pipe in Florida because they obviously caught it.
 Did the first one go in, and then the next one tried to save him, and then they just
 fell in love.
 Can you imagine how annoying that was with the first one?
 Why wasn't he shouting back, going back up guys, I got this.
 Did they get out, okay?
 Yeah, they pulled it out, they were fine, they were big days.
 Okay.
 They had to go in and put them on stretchers.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 It's amazing seeing that they're gone.
 Yeah, they have the pipe open.
 Oh, okay, right.
 There's a manatee hotline that you can call in Florida to talk to manatees in your area.
 Yeah.
 Well, there's, because obviously there's a lot of interesting rules that happen in
 Florida when manatees, the stuff about, you know, out of touch, a manatee, there was
 a case where a dad almost went to jail because there was a photo of him touching a manatee.
 That's illegal.
 Not, I don't mean disgusting touch, like literally touching a manatee.
 Yeah, I know.
 Okay, I don't think anyone was thinking.
 I thought your face suggested that's what I was saying.
 No, it wasn't at all.
 Okay.
 But thank you for clarifying that.
 But so one thing that they often get is phone calls from people saying that we've got
 huge problems, the manatees are in huge danger by the shore.
 And often what that is is that manatees actually mate very close just off the coast of Florida
 and they do it in mass groups.
 And it looks like there's a struggle going on like because the water is going crazy.
 So Nadia Gordon, she's a marine mammal biologist with the state agency in Florida and she says
 the call we usually get is there's a mum and a tea and all the babies are trying to save
 it.
 But then in actuality, the large female can have up to 20 something males trying to breed
 the one female.
 And that's what's going on.
 So it looks like they're in serious trouble and that's a lot of the phone calls.
 So that's what happens.
 You get all the males who are trying to mate with the female.
 The females in the middle and all the males are trying to get at her, but they don't have
 claws or horns or anything like that or arms or anything so they're just kind of bumping
 each other.
 So it's kind of like if you're in a nightclub and there was a load of men trying to get
 towards a woman, but they had their arms by their sides and they're kind of bumping
 each other.
 I don't know.
 It'd be a bit like that.
 That's the weirdest.
 But I can imagine it, I like that.
 I would go to that club, yeah, but what happens obviously is that the one who's best at
 barging people out of the way gets the girl, but then the other ones, what do they do?
 Well, actually, they tend to just try and mate with each other.
 They do that.
 Right.
 I'll see in a way, everyone wins.
 Well, in a way.
 In a way.
 Everyone else has come to join second there.
 So you can obviously, they were mistaken for a mermaid.
 We think in Columbus's journal, he said he'd seen a mermaid, what the look of the refrigerator
 is a mermaid and we think it's a man I see.
 And you can kind of see why they look, if you look into their eyes, there's something
 very human about their faces.
 Well, they don't have eyelashes.
 Exactly.
 And I muscles close in a circular motion like an aperture on a camera.
 Right.
 So there are some differences, obviously, with the human and the man.
 Or you've got really weird boyfriends.
 They have large, pendulous breasts.
 They do.
 There we go.
 That's where the name Manatee comes from.
 It's an old caribword, meaning breast.
 Oh, okay.
 And Columbus, when he saw them, he did say that they rose well out of the sea, but they're
 not so beautiful as they're said to be.
 No.
 Well, their faces had some masculine traits, and they had scars where they'd been hit by
 boats.
 Yeah.
 They had no eyelashes.
 Yeah.
 On the other hand, those breasts were very pendulous.
 They have been at sea for a long time.
 That's true.
 I guess so.
 Yeah.
 And they are terrible in bed.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 That's all of your facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @tribaland.
 James.
 @egshapedandy @undruhunterm.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group count, which is @QIpodcast.
 Please keep sending us in facts.
 We might do another show like this one day.
 Also, you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com, or you'll find all of our previous episodes.
 You'll also find the link for our tour.
 There are tickets available now.
 We are doing a UK tour.
 Please come along.
 It's going to be really fun.
 We'll see you again next week with another episode.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
