 (playing guitar)
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you live from Newcastle!
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with Anichezinski, Andrew Huntsomari and
 James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go starting with fact number
 one and that's my fact this week.
 My fact is some of the plants at the Poison Gardens at Anich Castle are so deadly they are
 kept in cages.
 Yeah.
 They don't, surely they don't think they're going to escape do they?
 This is, this is, this is, anyone, we're up near the area of Anich Castle, does anyone
 know it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so this is, they have this Poison Garden and everything in it basically is aiming
 to kill you as a species of plant so you're not allowed to touch anything, you're not
 allowed to taste anything, it'd be weird if you did that anyway.
 I'm not sure because some of the things there are opium poppies, cannabis and magic mushrooms.
 So now I think I know why the cages are there especially after that cheer.
 If I was a gardener there, what I would do I would make some fake cages but I'd leave
 them you know busted open with the door hanging off its hinges.
 I'd just leave.
 Yes, exactly in the scanner out of the place and then just with your group you're bringing
 in just dash out.
 You've done say anything.
 Run around looking worried.
 No, this is, so they do have a number of cages, a couple of them it is because they are
 drugs like cannabis and opium but they also have things like giant hogweed and I listened
 to an interview by their head gardener who's called Trevor Jones and he was saying that
 that's one of the things that they need to keep in there because they have a lot of children
 coming to the gardens and giant hogweed a very tall, about eight foot tall and kids love
 to run around underneath it but it does things like bliss, if you touch it, it blisters your
 skin and it can go to almost third degree burns and gardeners that they know who work there
 who've had contact with it have all been hospitalized within hours.
 Wow.
 This is a very dangerous, deadly drug.
 Yeah, so I think also it is a bit of show that they want to sort of, yeah.
 Well, they do sit, don't they say though that also as well as not tasting or touching,
 you shouldn't sniff the plant in there and you say it's show but one summer apparently
 quite recently I think seven people fainted from just inhaling the toxic fumes that emanating
 from the plants.
 I don't know why anyone visits this place.
 Has anyone here ever fainted at the poisonous gardens?
 No.
 There's not proven yet but it will be.
 But what you say about it being like for show, I mean on the gates they do have like
 skull and crossbones and a big sign saying these plants can kill, so it is, you know.
 So it was set up by the local Dutchess, is it the Dutchess of North Ambulance?
 Yes.
 She kind of owns the place and she's pretty goth, like she's got, she's a big fan of taxidermy
 so she has 20 stuffed dogs which is a lot, even if you've got a big house that is a lot
 of stuffed dogs to own.
 So she has this whole, there's one plant there which is called Brookmansia or Angels Trumpet
 and the Dutchess says it is an amazing Afridiziac before it kills you.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 You die happy.
 Well supposedly Victorian ladies would add tiny amounts of the pollen to their tea because
 it gives you a bit of a buzz, a bit of a little drip and also I found this claimed, I don't
 think this is true, that prostitutes in Paris used to put the pollen in their clients
 drinks because it makes you sleepy but it also has the reputation of making you dream about
 wild sexual adventures and you'd wake up and you'd think you'd done all this crazy stuff
 and actually you hadn't slept with anybody at all, you just had a cup of tea and then a nap.
 Actually, Angels Trumpet is a particularly frightening one, people still take it, it was quite
 popular in the early 2000s at festivals when people got into herbal highs, it's really
 about it, it's take it, it's very dangerous.
 The man in Germany a few years ago took some and then used the pair of garden shears to cut
 off his own tongue and penis.
 Whoa.
 So, in that order, I just think, you won't be able to scream if you cut your tongue up.
 It is very weird.
 It's just sensible, isn't it?
 Whichever order you've done, it's weird that he did one and thought, "Oh, that was a good
 idea.
 Let us try something."
 Oh my gosh.
 I've never found a fact before that I'm just going to choose not to believe it's true.
 They say if you take Angels Trumpet, it makes you feel hot as a hair, blind as a bat, dry
 as a bone, red as a beat and mad as a hatter.
 hungover then.
 Wow.
 Do you know the word which is for a sort of blanket word for any antidote to a poison which
 is mythorodartis, it's been an old word, but it comes from mythorodartis, who's mythorodartis
 is a sick, he was an Anatolian king in the second century BC and I really like him, he had this
 terrible phobia of being poisoned, which is fair enough, his dad was killed by poisoning
 and it was the olden days, people were always trying to poison each other and so he decided
 to combat this really clever, you know, over two thousand years ago, he would ingest
 lots of poisons every day, his whole life to try and build up an immunity and this kind
 of work and it was actually kind of cool, he also was the first person to use a chemical
 weapon that he used, mad honey, so this is honey that makes you get really, really sick, it's
 honey that's made by bees of eaten poisonous roedadendron, so he's known for that, but so he
 was very successful in war and he was always eating this poison and he built up this immunity
 and then at the end of his life he was about to lose in battle and the thing to do then
 was to commit suicide and he tried multiple times and couldn't do it because he was immune
 to all the poisons, but he hadn't like stabbed himself in the heart, lots of times growing
 up, honey, he could have done something that wasn't a poison, well eventually he did have
 to get his mates to stab him, but it wasn't how he wanted to go, well there are some other
 people who did that, so the Vysher Kanya are known as poison damsels and they're in ancient
 Indian tradition, so they probably didn't exist, but it's the story and they were raised
 on poisons from birth and what it meant was that they possessed leafily poisonous bodily fluids,
 so they got loads and loads of poisons as they grow up and then all of their bodily fluids
 to anyone else was really poisonous according to legend and so anyone who had sex with them
 would die.
 Right.
 Wow, that's amazing, again it's not true, well they're doing it deliberately, yes, so again
 it's this myth redidism where they deliberately did that and they were used as assassins, but
 you could just go in someone's drink if you're one of these magic poisonous people, that's
 not as cool the way it's looking someone off, I just have one thing that I want to add and
 this is generally to people listening to the podcast, you should check out this poison
 garden, it is absolutely amazing, the amount of stuff they have there, every plant genuinely
 could probably kill you if you got too close, there's certain plants that have berries
 on them that if kids ate three of them would kill them in a matter of hours, two's okay,
 two's fine, they'll get all trippy and he'll be awesome and you should check out Trevor
 Jones who is the gardener there, he is such a fantastic personality and he's always there
 so people should meet him, but my favorite person is the Duchess of Northumberland and she
 was asked because she has such incredible knowledge about poisons, she said that her husband sometimes
 is worried about her knowledge of poisons and she said but I tell him he shouldn't be concerned
 because these days every single plant poison is detectable in the blood, so like I wouldn't
 get away with it and then she said so I can't possibly put in print how I would kill someone
 because she does know based on the poisons but my husband tells me that he'd hit me over
 the head with a salmon from the freezer and then eat the salmon, so she, okay it is time
 for fact number two and that is Andy, my fact is that the man who got nominated for an
 Oscar for editing no country for old men doesn't exist, it's not even Panto season, yes it's
 not, it's always a good show and the biggest laugh is for the audience, so how is this possible?
 Well he's called Roderick James, he's an elderly English gentleman and he's edited all the
 movies of the Coen Brothers and he doesn't exist, he's been nominated for an Oscar twice
 for editing Fargo and no country for old men, but the reason he has never been to attend
 the Oscar ceremony is because he is made up by the Coen Brothers, yeah you keep saying this
 but why? Well they edit all their own films and they write and direct and produce and all
 of it, so they have just made up this fictional man, well just for fun they think it looks
 braggie to have their name on two many of the groups, I read that it was to get around
 some union issues, I don't know if that's true, but whatever the reason they are really into
 it, so they were asked is he coming to the Oscars this year, he's been nominated and they
 said oh no he's very old, very old at late 80s, early 90s, I don't know how he'd make the
 trip and then he didn't win in the end, he got nominated but did not win and Ethan Coen
 was asked how James had taken the news and he said well we know he's elderly and unhappy
 so probably not well, didn't take it well, very sad, very cool, they've made a biographical
 note for him, so there's this whole paragraph where they say Roderick James began his career
 minding the T-Cart at Shepardon Studios in the 1930s, he remains widely admired in the film
 industry for his impeccable grooming and is the world's foremost collector of Margaret
 Thach and Nudes, many of them drawn from life, I feel like the Coen Brothers last film is going
 to be a biopic of this guy, I was just looking at sort of people who have been nominated for
 Oscars but weren't there or things like that and Banksy was up for one recently, a documentary
 one for Exit Through the Gift Shop, that film he did a few years ago and he actually asked
 if he could attend the Oscars and he could attend the Oscars in disguise and they said no
 so the executive director of the academy said sadly we had to turn him down because the
 fun but disquieting scenario is that if the film wins and five guys in monkey masks come
 to the stage all saying I'm Banksy, who the hell do we give it to, it's a fair point.
 So he was fine with it but Banksy said I don't agree with the concept of award ceremonies
 at all but I am so happy to make an exception if I'm nominated for an award.
 My favourite nominee for adapted screenplay was a person called pH Vazic and pH Vazic
 was nominated for Grace Stoke, the Legend of Tarzan, Lord of the Apes but this person
 was in fact not a person, it was a Hungarian sheep dog belonging to who it was, who was
 meant to be nominated, Robert Towne who was the writer but he hated all the changes that
 happened to the script so he put his Hungarian sheep dog as the actual script writer and that
 script writer got nominated so a Hungarian sheep dog has been nominated for a number.
 Did it turn up?
 No and it didn't win, so probably... But also he had a sheep dog called pH Vazic, that's
 the unusual name for a dog isn't it, giving it to initials.
 Well he's, hey if he can write screenplays he's probably going to have a very strong literature
 based name as well. I think you've misunderstood your own story.
 Have you heard of the actor Agi? No, no. So there was a big campaign a few years ago to
 get Agi nominated for a BAFTA for his performance in the artist and if you remember the film
 the artist it was that silent movie and Agi was the terrier who the dog was a big hit in
 the film and lots of, you know if you're a member of BAFTA you have to pick who you nominate
 and a lot of the members of BAFTA wrote to the committee to check am I allowed to nominate
 this dog for a BAFTA and BAFTA had to make a public statement about it and they had
 to say regretfully we must not, we must advise that as he is not a human being and as his
 unique motivation as an actor was sausages, Agi is not qualified to compete for the BAFTA
 in this category. It doesn't matter what their motivation is, most
 actors are motivated by money which they may well be using to buy solely sausages so we don't
 know. Someone who's got nominated a bunch of times but has never accepted an Oscar is a guy
 called George Scott, he was an ex brilliant actor in the 60s and the 70s and...
 But he's an ex brilliant, he used to be brilliant. Yeah, so he's still going, but he's all
 for that. Yeah, more, really embarrassing. So George, he's got, always said he'd never
 accept an Oscar, he was very clear about this, he called the Oscars a two hour meet parade,
 a public display with... He's motivated by sausages, obviously. He basically was like the
 suspense is contrived for economic gain, I don't want to be pitted against my fellow
 actors. He kept on getting nominated in 1960 and 1962, he got a best supporting actor nomination,
 he turned it down, he was like I don't want to be nominated, they wouldn't give up. In
 1971 he got a best actor nomination, I think that was for the film Patton and he refused
 the nomination, but they ignored his refusal and he won the Oscar. I really don't want this,
 please, take it away. But yeah, they gave it to him anyway. I think Goldie Horn was giving
 out the Oscar and she opened the envelope and she just went oh my god. I've pretty much
 only researched dogs and Oscars. Why dogs? I like dogs. So there is a thing about the first
 ever Oscars because off the back of Uggie in the artist there was a very famous dog called
 Rinton Tinn. This is way back, this is 1920s era Hollywood and Rinton Tinn was I think German
 shepherd maybe, like a proto lassie basically and was hugely popular and when the first ever
 Academy Awards happened, Rinton Tinn received the most votes for best actor. That's true, Susan
 Oilyen is a writer from America who's done a lot of research into this and it's her belief
 that this happened but he won the first round and they thought we have just set up the biggest
 film awards in the world, we cannot give it to a dog the first time round. We would be
 a laughing stock. So they then said well we're going to have a second round and the criterion
 for entry in second round is number of legs. Pretty much, you have to be a person. They weren't
 taking it seriously, the voters and I haven't seen Rinton Tinn's performance but they can't
 have been taking it very seriously if they really thought. He was a super popular dog. I
 mean he was more famous than a lot of the actors he paid on screen with. Do you say this
 is the first Oscars? Because the first Oscars was quite odd anyway, wasn't it? It was
 the 1929 one and there was this big long dinner with lots of speeches about films and other
 stuff and then the award ceremony lasted five minutes within which 15 awards were handed
 out. One award every 20 seconds, sprinting up on the stage and sprinting away again. That's
 amazing. There was for best actress there were five people nominated except three of them
 were the same person. Janet Gainer, she's nominated for three separate films she's been in
 and she did win it, yes. Do you know the most, I think this is the most embarrassing moment
 in Oscar's history? Not the La La Land, thank God. Not the La La Land moon, I think. I think
 although that was very embarrassing obviously. So this was in 1933. This was the best director
 award and Frank Capra who was a really famous director, a lot of classic golden age Hollywood
 films he directed. He was up for it and so was another director called Frank Lloyd and Frank
 Capra heard the presenters say come on up and get it Frank but he hadn't been listening
 properly and he had said it to Frank Lloyd and Frank Capra was already moving up the
 room to collect it. I think he got to the stage and he then realised his mistake and he had
 to walk all the way back in front of everybody. He later said the walk was the longest saddest
 most shattering walk of my life. I wish I could have crawled under the rug like a miserable
 worm. Okay we need to move on to fact number three and that is Chazinsky. My fight is that
 houses in ancient Turkey had no doors or windows. You got in by climbing a ladder up to the
 roof and dropping through a trap door. I just think this is so cool. So this is discovered
 and this amazing settlement that archaeologists have uncovered in the last few years. It's
 a settlement called Chathala Huyuk and it was settled over 9000 years ago. It's on the
 Konya plain in Turkey and it's amazing and they all built their houses back to back sort
 of clustered like you know terrorist houses which is very weird because they had lots
 of room and no doors or windows and like little ladders that you could drop down to climb
 up to get in and then you put the ladder down and you drop onto the hearth in the middle.
 It's a bit weird because the entrance which you dropped through was the same as the exit
 for the fire. So you wanted to make sure they didn't have a fire lit when you were coming
 back home. I read a description of it. It's a bit like a honeycomb. So you have all these
 like little cells that are next to each other so there's no path in between them. They're
 all you've got like six neighbors one on each wall and the other way to get out is to go
 through the roof. And the streets were sort of the roots, weren't they? If you were going
 to someone's house you would just walk along the top and you would go down. So it was
 a sort of as if it were an underground bunker but they just built it upwards and that
 became their new street level. In fact they did everything on the roofs. So anything you
 would do as a group so any kind of let's say you were doing some religious stuff it would
 all have to happen on the roofs because that's all the space you had.
 Half of the was one little area wasn't there where they defecated. Really? They had like
 a courtyard where they would put all of their feces and their rubbish and all that kind
 of stuff in a big midden. That's nice. We have one of those in the centre of Newcastle
 don't we somewhere? But they lasted so they lasted a thousand seven hundred years. That
 is such a lot when you really think about that. Just have a real think about that quickly.
 That's a long time. Yeah it wasn't the same people. No. And then they disappeared. Yeah.
 Well then they probably disappeared. We don't really know why. In about five thousand
 BC I think it was. The civilization just don't know what happened to it but they do have
 got amazing paintings that they found on the inside of their walls and they're always painting
 sort of like leopards and bores and bears and also they always do those hand paintings which
 I like because you always do them at primary school and it's nice that sort of cave people
 did that too. And they have paintings they have this really cool painting of people but
 without heads and then a huge one looks like a vulture and they think that's because they
 did that thing when people died they would put them out on the roofs and no other animals
 could get them but the vultures would carland be able to eat out their organs. So then they
 would take the bodies which had no longer any meat on them so it's just a skeleton and
 they would bury them in their houses under their beds. So you keep your grandma under your
 bed. I've got to say I think we're getting it right and they didn't. In some ways here's
 one thing that they did get right and one reason that people think they lasted so long is
 because when we look at these cells now where they all lived they're almost exactly the same
 and it's not like some of them have got more hand paints on or some of them have got more
 decorations and stuff like that. And it seems that that is because they all basically
 didn't have a way of accumulating goods. Everyone was exactly equal and one theory as to why
 the way it died out in the end is because when they started farming people could start
 hoarding food and then some people got richer than others and then eventually that's because
 of the inequality that's why the civilization died.
 But they were one of the first, they're almost the most important agricultural communities
 early agricultural communities aren't they when people went from being nomadic to being
 agricultural but weirdly their houses are nowhere near their fields which is quite confusing
 because you would have thought if that's all you're doing you want your field to be next
 to your house. But I think that's
 because the clay to build their houses they wouldn't have been able to carry that from
 wherever that was to next to the fields to build their houses. So instead they had to carry
 their corn back to their houses. So their houses are built where the building materials
 are. It's annoying to have to make that kind of trade off.
 But it's much lighter to carry corn than it is to carry a house but you've got to carry
 the house once. Exactly. Oh it's tricky isn't it?
 And you put it on the back of one of those trailers. What trailer? I'm sorry, what?
 Have you heard about the people who lived in the Old Dubai Gorge in Tanzania? No, no,
 yeah fair enough. This is supposedly where the oldest houses in the
 world are and they're 1.8 million years old. So that's 1.5 million years, 1.5 million years
 older than humans are. There's circles of stone which are... they're not lovely houses
 okay, because obviously they're 1.8 million years old. There are circles of stones and they're
 surrounding slight depressions in the earth in the middle and that's about there about
 13 feet across these circles. And some cynics have said these are not houses because they're
 just circles of rocks. But you think how do the rocks get into circles? We don't know.
 And there's a theory that maybe a growing tree pushed the rocks outwards into a circle
 then the tree died and it leaves a circle of rocks behind. That seems unlikely. That's silly,
 yeah. But we don't know, but we don't know, but it's theory. They had presumably roofs.
 They weren't just circles of stone at the time. We think or were there because if I just
 put a strewed a few pebbles around me and then said look, I've built a house. I don't
 think I'm being employed by any architectural firms. It's tricky because there's no definition
 really of what a house is. Yeah. I got a fact about trapdoors because this was about getting
 into a trapdoor. So Russo, the French writer, had a trapdoor in his office for whenever he
 had unexpected guests. Was it to drop them through? He pressed a button. It was to him to
 flee and they'd knock on the door and say, I want to see if Mr. Russo is in. Oh no, sorry.
 He's pulling the rug back over him for the trapdoor. I don't know. It's basically that Mark Zuckerberg
 has that as well. Really? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Generally, wow.
 Russo just locked his door. It's not as cool, is it? It's not as cool as the trapdoor.
 It's not as cool. They found a few years back what they think is the oldest door in Europe
 and they think it's 5,000 years old and it was found when archaeologists in Zurich were
 digging, I think it was for a car park and they suddenly found this door. Do you know how
 they dated it? Someone had put a letter in there and they looked at the postman. Oh, yeah.
 They counted the rings. It was a long shot. Yeah. What a wooden door. It had rings. Yeah,
 so they were able to count. Very good. I thought you sensed. Yeah, because you'd only know
 from when it was born, the tree, right? Oh, this is 12 years old. They could have carbon
 dated it, I guess, right? Yes. It's obviously the yet. Wait, they must. They did. Did they count
 the rings? They counted the rings, but the rings obviously
 had, but the tree was chosen. I don't know who wrote this bullshit. I'll tell you what,
 when we do it in the office, it's embarrassing enough. In front of a thousand people. I really
 have to question what's going on at this head of mind. Should we, another door, another
 door thing? Yeah. Quickly move on. Some Native American tribes and actually I think some
 East African tribes used to have keyhole-shaped doors. And this, why do you think that is?
 Of keys. They had really huge keys. Really big kind of dresses, and so it was the shape
 of them. Oh, that's right. Oh, like a lady's loose sign, which goes out like that, like
 a keyhole. They didn't have houses. They just had a load of lady's lavatories. Right.
 I get it, no, you're all incorrect. They counted the rings. It's the opposite of wearing
 dresses. It's either, it's like if they were wearing dresses, but upside down. It's keyhole
 shape because the top is much wider, and it's because people usually wouldn't want to carry
 big bundles on their heads. And then when they're entering their house, the top is wider
 so that they can fit those bundles through. But you don't want to let all the heat out
 of your house. And so the bottom is much narrower, so you can have heat, very cool. We need to
 move on to our final fact. Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the red triangle slug can escape from frogs by supergluing them
 to trees. Ah, so cool. It is really cool. So I read the story in New Sciences quite recently.
 There was a guy called John Gould from the University of Newcastle in Australia. And he
 made the discovery when he spotted a frog stuck to a tree. And there was a slug next to it,
 presumably kind of rubbing his hands with glue or something. And he cut a bit off the tree.
 He looked how old it was, and then he took it off. I believe it was. And then he took the frog
 back to his lab, and he left it there for a while to see if it would get free, and it really
 didn't. Eventually they prized it free, and they put it in a like a little container, and
 then it kept getting stuck to the sides of the container. And it turns out that this slug
 can get this kind of mucus, and it normally has a nice like slippery mucus that it can
 travel on, but it can also make this really, really sticky mucus.
 Wait, so why did they get the frog? Did they then interview the frog? Would they tell us
 how this happened? I was just trying to catch a slug, and it got all over my feet.
 But it is so weird, because it's so weird that the slug, because this is an amazing defense
 mechanism, once it's superglue the frog to the tree, as you said, it just kind of hangs
 out next to it's the thing that it slugged up. Wow, that is awesome. And it last days
 doesn't it? Yeah, the glue. So they do get off, but it is a couple of days of what must
 be horribly embarrassing sort of. Do the slugs invite their mates? Yeah, the other frogs
 must be like, we're going to go catch that cool frog movie. Do you want to come? I'll be
 there in a minute. You didn't get stuck, did you? I don't know, it feels like that would
 be a thing. Yeah, probably. So this mucus is really good, because it's a very unusual
 thing in that it's very glowy and very sticky, but as it gets wetter, it gets stickier. And
 this is something that doesn't really happen usually when things dry out, they get, or they
 adhere more. Like if you think about super glue, when it dries out, it's much more sticky.
 So this works better in wet conditions, and they think we might be able to use it, humans
 might be able to use it for like fixing wounds, or there are similar ones that they use
 to kind of put in people's hearts. If you have a lesion in your heart, you can hold
 that together, because obviously a lot of blood around there and it works there. So this
 might be really useful for us in future. Or blasters that don't fall off in the sea.
 Yes. That's amazing. I'm down with, I'll fund that research. That is weird. That's why
 when you get a slug slime on your hands, don't put water on it to wash it off because it
 just makes it worse. Really? Is that right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. Oh, yeah, because slug slime,
 it can kind of suck up water into it. So it just gets bigger. It drinks the water. Yeah,
 it can do. So if you think about a slug, they like to be wet, don't they? They like to
 be moist. But then they're always giving out this slug slime all the time. So you think
 they would just dry out. But what actually happens is some of that slug slime can take
 in the water because it just gets loads and loads of water in it, and it can actually
 almost drink through this slime. It's crazy. I was reading about banana slugs. They have
 a thing where sometimes when they have sex, the slime itself is so sticky that the male
 slugs penis will get stuck in there. And because it's just too sticky. So their only option
 is they bite it off and just leave it. This is where Anna's German guy at the festival
 got as ideas from. It's too sticky. It's got to go. Oh God. Yeah. Really? But they do sometimes
 bite each other's penises off anyway, I think. They're not really supposed to, but it's considered
 root. Sorry about it. I wasn't meant to do that. So they're all amaphyridites on this
 slug. So which is good. That means when they have sex, then both can go away pregnant,
 which is nice. But they will at the end, you have to scamper really fast. Otherwise, your
 partner might bite off your penis, which is a bit scary. But the best slug mating actually
 is the leopard slug mating, isn't it? Because the leopard slug has sex while upside down
 hanging from a branch. And the reason it does this is because it's penis is so big that
 it needs to use gravity to unroll it. We've all tried that line. My Tinder profile was me
 hanging upside down from a tree. I think you know what this means. This is amazing, though.
 They'll climb up a tree, two slugs on the side of their mating, and then they produce
 slime that can solidify really fast. So it acts like a bungee cord. So they drop down
 off a branch hanging from their slime. And then they unfold these penises, which are almost
 as big as they are. They're really, really long. And they intertwine their own slug bodies,
 which looks quite nice like a plant. And then they intertwine their own slug penises, which
 are sort of basically like extra slugs in the end if you look at it. It looks quite nice.
 And then they have sex. You've got such a low bar for what counts as nice, and I like
 that. It's very pretty. And then when they're done, they eat their way back up the rope.
 Wow. Oh, that's a bit you're disgusted by. He got some weird standards in your castle.
 Oh, what I'm thinking of is that seen in Mission Impossible, now, where he's, is he slowly
 lowers himself down the rope? If he'd got his knob out at the bottom of that rope.
 What are you doing, Ethan? Sorry. I'll eat the rope and come back up.
 There's a thing that I like as well, just on the biting off of penis bed.
 Well, it's about losing body parts, and there's a thing that some slugs can do. There's sea
 slugs that do this, certain sleas slugs, and there's tail dropper slugs. And what they do is,
 if there's predator coming towards them, they basically just rip off a bit of their body
 in the tail dropper. It's the tail. And they use it as a decoy bit of bait. So they'll
 be like, go have that. And so the predator will eat that because it's not moving. And while
 they're munching on the bit of that body, the rest of them can get away. It's not exactly
 right there. I think we mentioned there's a scorpion that does that.
 Oh, yeah, there is one. It breaks off its tail. Well, the problem is it breaks off its anus.
 Yes. And then it can't poo anymore. And it can't have a poo ever again. And the poo
 just sort of builds up in its body because it's thrown away its tail. So it doesn't get
 eaten, but then three days later it dies of constipation. Yeah. Does it really? Yeah. They
 don't explode. Yeah, they do die. I wonder if they regress it. I guess you've, you've
 then, it's then like another mission impossible film. You've got three days left to pass on your
 jeep. But it's quite hard to attract female scorpions because you're getting bigger and
 bigger full of poo. Yeah. Yeah. So that's an exciting pitch, I think, for a film. Ethan
 Hunt has thrown away his own ass. So I've actually been looking at glue and gluing things. Do
 you, because it was about, because it was about glue. So do you remember the guy who, who
 glued himself to Gordon Brown's sleeve? Politics was a lot more fun in those days. There was
 a guy called Dan Glass, and he was an environmental campaigner. He was from a campaign group called
 Plane Stupid. And he got invited to a reception at Downing Street in 2009 and he thought, now's
 my chance. And he, so he thought, I'm going to do it. I'm going to glue myself to the Prime
 Minister to make a point about climate change, fair play. And he said, I was saying to Gordon
 Brown, you can run away from climate change, but you can't run away from my arm. And, and
 he glued up his hand and he did it. He managed to grab Gordon Brown's sleeve and superglued
 himself to the Prime Minister inside Downing Street. However, the PM managed to outfox him
 by the relatively simple method of taking off his jacket. Okay, that's it. That is all
 of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you would like to get in contact with any
 of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast, we can be found
 on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @SriberlandAndy, @AndyHunterM, James Harkin, and Shazinski.
 You can email us at QI.com. Yep, you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing
 or our website. NoSuchThing is a fish.com. We have everything up there from upcoming tour dates
 to merchandise to all of our previous episodes. Thank you so much, Newcastle. We'll see you
 again. Good bye!
 [Applause]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
