 "Did you know what that would look like, isn't it?"
 "Did you know what that would look like, isn't it?"
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing As A Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covern Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, and I am sitting here with Anichesinsky Alex Bell and James
 Tarkin. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go. Starting with you, Alex
 Bell.
 My fact this week is that the controls in the world's first combat submarine were lit up
 with glowing mushrooms.
 "That is disgusting."
 "Amazing."
 "When you say the controls, with the controls themselves, the mushrooms? Or, I don't know
 of the amazing."
 "It was actually like in your car at nighttime when you're driving all the dials kind of
 lights up."
 "Yes."
 "It was literally the little needles on the dials and things that had tiny bits of
 foxfire, which is the type of bioluminescent fungi attached to them."
 "I think foxfire is what Americans call any kind of glowing fungus, and it comes from
 fox more like foe as in fake, fake fire."
 "He used to call it cold fire, didn't they? I think maybe Aristotle or someone said
 it's cold fire.
 When was this submarine?"
 "This was something called the turtle. It was more of a submersible, it looked like a
 giant lemon, a one-man submersible. It was built in 1775 in America and it was to fight
 British Royal Navy ships. So if you imagine a kind of acorn or lemon-shaped thing that's
 big enough to keep one man in, and that floats just under the water, and then it's got a little
 knobbly bit on the top that sticks above the water with windows in, and you put your head
 up in that bit, so you can see the ships.
 And it's the first submarine to use water as ballast, so when it needed to sink, it has
 water pumped in, and then you can pump it out again."
 "But the person who would claim to have built the first submarine is Cornelius van
 Drebel, and that was at the very start of the 17th century. And he sort of did the same
 thing, I think, where the way his submarine worked is that it was like a boat, but with a roof
 over the top. And under each seat there was a huge pig's bladder, and the pig's bladder
 was filled up with water, and when it was filled up with water, then it would sink, so that
 would be what waited it all the way down. And then I think they would just squeeze the
 pig's bladder so that they emptied in order to rise to the surface again, didn't they?
 "So if you're sitting on your seat and you had to go up to the surface again, you just like
 pushed down really, really hard on your seat, and then the water pumped out of the pig's
 bladder."
 "Like a whoopee cushion?"
 "Exactly like a whoopee cushion."
 "Did it make the noise?"
 "Hopefully, just to amuse the fish, but then that would give away your location to the
 enemy."
 "So obviously this is pre-electricity. Did they use bioluminescent, fungi for any other
 kind of household lighting? I mean, it's weird that they cracked the idea that you could
 use this in a submarine, but not use it in homes."
 "I know that the Scandinavians were supposed to have used it at nighttime during the long sort
 of winter nights, and there was a guy in the 1600s who wrote that Indonesians used fungus
 as improvised torches, and also micro-nesians used to put bioluminescent fungus onto their
 clothes, like for sort of rays."
 "I think they still do. I think they still decorate their faces and their headdresses with
 glowing mushrooms to scare people. That would scare me. It would, yeah. Hopefully you just
 get a massive mushroom of hope in every battle."
 "So I was looking into things that glow on earth, and one of the things I found was there's
 all these forests that glow with bioluminescence, fungi as well, and I've just never seen it before
 and you can see pictures online, it's stunning. It does look like you've gone into laser quest,
 but a forest."
 "And we only found out exactly the mechanism by which they glow a couple of years ago,
 I think, although it's just a chemical process that I didn't understand anyway, but we didn't
 know until a couple of years ago, and now that means that hopefully we can replicate it and
 they're thinking about using it in street lighting. I think there's a Dutch designer called
 Dan Ruzegard, whose name I will have mispronounced, and yet he's looking at bioluminescent creatures
 in order to make street lamps."
 "I mean, the one day we might plant street lamps, and they'll just grow. That'd be cool."
 "That'd be pretty good, wouldn't it?"
 "Yeah."
 "The glowing plants in the ISS, in the International Space Station, yeah, remember we spoke about the
 crests that they were making up in space? Well, the crests, they genetically modified, so it would
 glow a different colour if it was feeling stressed, because that's what they wanted to do, they
 wanted to test the stress levels of plants."
 "Crestress."
 "Crestress?"
 "Crestress."
 "So they managed to make these glow so they could be like, "Oh, it's really stressed, but they
 were actually pushing the stress on the crest as well. They wanted to see how far they
 could push it before it starts withering and..."
 "So it can't happen anymore."
 "Yeah, yeah, sending back down is not doing a little bit of stress on crest."
 "I guess, by putting it in space, I'm most important crest, I've got a really poor job."
 "Yeah, I think it's kind of lack of water would be stressful for plants or poor soil. I remember
 once reading that if clover is stressed, then it grows extra leaves because it needs to
 get more nutrients. And so if you see a four-leaved clover, it's more likely to come from
 a stressed environment."
 "Oh, really? It's actually an upset clover. It's terrible luck. It's good luck for you, but
 bad luck for the clover."
 "Oh, no, that's so sad."
 "Oh, wow. That's just really interesting. Yeah. That's what we're for, darling."
 "Finally, 130 shows in. That's what's going on."
 On mushrooms and fungi, some fungi make a noise when they release their spores. So there's
 a fungi called the Devil's Sagar, and it only exists in a really remote place in the middle
 of Texas and in Japan. But apparently, it makes a weird whistling noise.
 "Oh, yeah, okay."
 "What did you think?"
 "Well, you were saying all that. I was just trying to imagine what kind of noise is it,
 okay?"
 "I just won't be hilarious."
 "It was just like..."
 "It's just a little fog."
 "I was thinking more like tennis groan."
 "Oh!"
 "Sex, mate."
 "Well, that's what they're doing, aren't they? They're releasing spores. They all have
 into sex, I think."
 "No, they sure are. But they're more like masturbating, I think, because you're putting
 it out there, aren't you?"
 "Yeah, you're right. Although, I think masturbating, you're not kind of throwing your sperm out there
 in the hope that it collects someone's, does that know why you do it? I hope that it finds
 an egg somewhere."
 "So I am not allowed back to the sperm doing every hospital."
 "There is a famous thing about giraffes when they have sex. They can't always mount each
 other correctly. And so they often ejaculate, and their ejaculate is kind of lighter than
 there and drifts around. So, sometimes if you go to some zoos, there could be like little
 strands of giraffe ejaculate from their arse. Is that like the equivalent of a bride throwing
 a bouquet?"
 "Do they just chuck it into the wind and see which fiefel giraffe goes through?"
 "No, no."
 "Addling it out."
 "Some fiefel giraffe."
 "But underwater is the same, isn't it? Lots of species of things under water released
 there, but just into the water when there aren't fiefels around. And the assumption
 it'll get somewhere."
 "Curls."
 "Fungus, actually, is weird that you suggested the farting sound because fungi do make their
 own wind. So they generate their own weather. And this is a way that they disperse their spores.
 And so they've looked into this with oyster and shittaki mushrooms. And what they do is
 they give off water vapor. And that cools down the air just above them. And that makes
 this convection current, which makes the air, as if you remember, the old GCSE physics
 kind of spin around. And so the convection current means that the spores get blown further
 away.
 "That's like the opposite of sweating because we sweat in order for air to evaporate it,
 so it cools us down. But they're sweating in order to make the air move."
 "Yes, it's like an alternative to sweating. I don't know if it's the exact opposite.
 The exact opposite is like sucking in salty water."
 James always says that when you're in a club, there's almost a weather system above you
 in a club.
 "People have been to clubs, I'm sure, where it's so hot and sweaty that it starts raining
 sweat from the sea."
 "So is it like that?"
 "Yes, it's like a disgusting cloud of mushroom sweat."
 "But a single, fungy, creating."
 "Yeah, there are lots of them there. I guess you get a big cloud, a big sweat cloud of
 spores."
 "You guys always say that I'm wrong to be disgusted by mushrooms. But the more I hear about
 the sweat rain, the more I think, yeah, they're lovely."
 "It's also an alternative answer to why did the mushroom go to the party to create better
 air flow within the rave room so that it would rain."
 "Oh, yes. That would be the answer from the mushroom expert."
 "Actually, the reason he got home early."
 "I think I tweeted once that because it's why did A mushroom go, he's not a fun guy, he's
 a fun Gus. It should be why did the mushroom called Gus go to the party because he was a fun
 Gus."
 "I don't want to go to any party that involves James plus an expert, but going around running
 jokes."
 "The fastest accelerating thing on earth is a fungus. It's known as the hat throw or the
 Duncanon fungus, and it lives on feces. It needs to blast its spores away from the feces
 because the way it procreates is by having its spores eaten by, let's say, cows. And cows
 do not like to eat where they defecate, like a lot of us. So they have to blast the spores
 far away and they accelerate to 45 miles an hour within the first millimetre. So it means
 the spores will travel at more than a million times their body length in one second."
 "Interesting what you say about cows, because I was just thinking they do eat where they
 shit. Don't they?"
 "In a field."
 "Yeah, so in a field. Only in the like we sometimes shit and eat in the same house."
 "No, no, very different because it's not often that I will be in the kitchen or at the dinner
 table and there's a shit next to my place."
 "That's true."
 "Is there a kind of code amongst the cows to shit on the left-hand side of the field and
 dinners on the right?"
 "That does happen with some animals. There are some burrowing animals that will have
 a special place where they defecate and they definitely do. They have a special toilet where
 they excrete."
 "Generally, for animals like that, as long as you keep a few metres away, I think you're
 okay."
 "No, it's okay, but you might see a great patch of grass and you go over and you go, oh,
 someone's shot on my potential dinner."
 "The other thing is that the shit is obviously going to make the grass grow better because
 the fertilization. So really, you do want to eat where you shit."
 "One cow shit is another cow dinner. As the old cow come up, goes."
 "Here's a really good story that I love. Jim Lovell, the man who piloted Apollo 13. I don't
 know if I've mentioned him in the office before."
 "He might come up."
 "Yeah, he's my absolute hero."
 "So he almost didn't make it to Apollo 13 because he almost had to go down in an airplane
 when he was fighting in a war because his radar got jammed. So he turns his map light
 on, which is inside, so that he can guide his way home, looking at all those instruments.
 The map light short circuits the entire cockpit. So as a result, he's got literally no light.
 So he looks down into the ocean and suddenly notices in the ocean this huge long trail of
 bioluminescence, green algae that's just lit up the ocean. And the only way that this lights
 up is in the wake of a massive ship going by. So basically, it's a ginormous runway leading
 him back home and he follows that trail and he lands back on the aircraft carrier and survives.
 It's extraordinary.
 Like, the fact that he couldn't even see it when he turned off all his normal light, every
 single light in the cockpit had to go off for a second room to notice it, it was so faint.
 So he needed all those things to go wrong, his radar to jam, to be a short circuit in
 the, it's extraordinary. And nature guided him home."
 "Yeah, it is incredible."
 "Well technically it was the aircraft carrier destroying nature. Oh yeah."
 "Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is James."
 "Okay, my fact this week is that while he was president, Woodrow Wilson played more than
 1200 rounds of golf."
 "How many terms did he do?"
 "Did two terms."
 "So it's what, eight years?"
 "Yeah."
 "Presidential golf historian Don Van Natter says that it's between 1200 and 1600 and 1600
 goes into weight a lot more nicely, so that would be 200 rounds a year, which let's say
 50 weeks is four rounds a week."
 "And just to be clear to those of us who aren't golf knowledgeable, how long does it take
 to a round of golf?"
 "Depends, but I should think it would have taken him at least four hours if he's, you know,
 taking his time."
 "And also he wasn't very good, was he?"
 "No, he wasn't."
 "He was actually not very good despite all the practice, so probably did take images."
 "Yeah, he wasn't very good. But there's kind of a big history of American presidents playing
 golf and this particular fact came because this week Barack Obama played his 300th round
 and a lot of his opponents are saying, well he shouldn't be playing so much golf, he
 should be concentrating on being president."
 "And it turns out being president seems to just entail playing golf."
 "I did see a really funny anti-Obama website called Obama Golf Counter, and you go onto
 it and it just slowly tallies up how many days he's played Jalfon and it just has audio
 of him, just in a loop, about 12 different versions of him going, I will not rest until
 in an example of like, you know, ISIS so taken down, I will not rest, and it's just counting
 up and out the amount of days he's played golf."
 "But you're not resting if you're playing golf, it's very physical stuff."
 "It's extremely mind-driven, it's yeah."
 "So just to state how ridiculous he popular is among presidents, there have only been three
 presidents in the 20th century who weren't golf fanatics and they were Herbert Hoover,
 who just felt it was disrespectful during the Depression. And actually I think George
 Bush did a similar thing when America was at war in Afghanistan and Iraq, he said it
 was disrespectful, so he gave up golf." "Did Trump not do that quite recently? So Trump's
 making golf costs in Scotland, isn't he? And he went to look at it and they said, "Oh,
 why don't you have a few, play a few holes?" And he was like, "I don't want to be seen
 with a golf club in my hand because I'm slagging off Obama that he's playing, so I don't
 want to be seen playing golf." "Yeah, I see. And then the only other two are Harry Truman
 and Jimmy Carter, and all the other presidents of the 20th century and 21st century have
 been obsessed with golf."
 Woodrow Wilson, apparently, had the Secret Service paint his golf balls black, so he could
 play them in the White House. "I thought I was in the snow." "It was in the snow."
 "It was in the snow." "I don't think the White House is totally white."
 "Yeah." "And it sounds like the outside walls of the White House are absorbing the balls.
 Woodrow Wilson is on an American bill. Money bill. Didn't know that. "Is Bill Clinton?
 That would be good, right?" "That would be very good. No, he's not." "Was he on?"
 "He's on the $100,000 bill, which was only circulated for a few months, I believe. It
 was just you couldn't get any change." "Yeah, I was." "Well actually, Foddy, you should
 mention that because I just read that in 2004, a woman in Georgia, in a place called Covington,
 tried to pick up a 1,675 tab at her local Walmart with a forged $1 million bill, a $1 million
 bill, that had just been made. It's got the Statue of Liberty's head on it in place of where
 a president should be, and police quickly arrested her." "What kind of change did you think you
 were going to get from your $1 million bill at Walmart?" "On Woodrow Wilson, actually, he
 was in love with the Lake Districts, which I thought was quite bizarre." "The British Lake
 District?" "The British Lake District." So his mother, his family came from Scotland
 and from the north of England, his mum was born in Carlisle and he visited the Lake
 District for the first time in 1896 and he went there five times altogether. So he was
 a cycling fanatic. A lot of people say he was the first person in the state of North Carolina
 to get on a bike, but we used to do that." "They all own them." "What was too scared of that?"
 "Isn't the Cuxle of North Carolina rally, and they make bikes?" "It sure is!" "Whoa! Well,
 he was the first man to own and ride a rally bike in North Carolina, but he used to go to
 the Lake District and do these long cycle rides, so he did one from Glasgow to Carlisle when
 Scotland came back down and then Kessik to Grassmeer and this is what he loved. And before
 he died, he was planning his sixth trip and then he popped his gloves instead."
 So this afternoon, instead of researching, I've been watching the Olympics Golf and this
 is the first time that golf's been in the Olympics Rages and Ages and Ages. The last
 time was in 1904. It was at St. Louis and there were 77 players, 74 of them were American and
 three of them were Canadian and a Canadian won. And is that why they stopped doing it? America
 just shut down golf for a century. It was a guy called George Lyon. He was in his midforties
 and he only took up the game age 38 and the following Olympics in 1908, they were going
 to have a competition but none of the players from the Royal Nation could decide what the
 format would be and so everyone withdrew. The only person who didn't withdraw was George
 Lyon again and they offered him the gold medal but he decided, "Well, I'm not playing so
 I don't really deserve it, so he didn't get it."
 That is, I think that's really mean on George Lyon. How annoyed would you be if all these
 people just didn't bother? It's bad, isn't it?
 It's robbing him of his glory. Isn't the Olympic Golf Course being overrun by capybarras?
 I saw someone tweet a picture because I think they built it on a nature reserve or on a
 bit of a swamp that's in a nature reserve and there are capybarras popping up or not.
 The real story is that the capybarras nature has been overrun by golfers.
 Well, that's what they've got to do on their golf course.
 Jeremy, sorry, Jeremy Kyle. It was about Jeremy Kyle. I read it into you with him. In
 fact, I read it into you with his wife and he licks his golf balls before he takes a
 shot each time because he says he doesn't want to get his golf towel. His white golf
 towel dirty. Often when you go on play golf, it will say do not lick your balls and that's
 because they use a lot of chemicals on the greens to make the greens grow and a lot of them
 are quite poisonous so you can get really sick by licking your golf.
 There's a genuinely aside that says do not lick your balls quite often. I think it's done
 knowingly. Is it a habit that people have? Is this not abnormal then for people to lick
 their golf balls? If you had a little bit of mud on your balls, just one ball in fact because
 you only use one. If you had a bit of mud on then you just wanted to clean it then you might
 lick your finger and just wipe off the mud and then next time you get some more mud on it
 so you lick your finger again. If I have a muddy finger, I'll wash my hands.
 They don't bring soap and sinks around a golf course with you.
 President Eisenhower was on the board of the Augusta National Golf Club in Georgia
 and there's a tree on this golf course that he kept hitting so he thought it was in the way.
 So during the ball meeting he asked if it could be chopped down and the chairman was too embarrassed
 to just say no because he was the president so instead he just immediately ended the meeting.
 Really? That was a stop and a half. I'm pretty sure that tree got hit by lightning or something.
 I storm I think. That's the official story.
 Yeah, hit by lightning. What happened to the chairman? He was hit by lightning.
 Just very quickly I was just looking at the hobbies of the two presidents who didn't like golf to see
 what they did in their spare time. So one of them was Truman, a woman once wrote to President Truman
 asking what he did in his spare time and there was a reply from his spokesperson who said
 "The president has no hobbies and his official duties leave him little time for recreation.
 Most of his activities are reported in the daily newspapers where no doubt you're afraid of them."
 That's the end of Truman's no hobby. That's a really good reply isn't it? That's what you want.
 Busy making the country run, yeah. I don't want that at all. It's nippy though. It is a bit nippy but the
 other one is much better. So Jimmy Carter, my favorite president anyway, is into woodwork but really
 into woodwork. So he makes all this furniture and he sells it. So he's made loads of cradles. He made
 a full poster bed that he sold for a quarter of a million dollars. He made a cradle in 2007 that he
 sold for 320 thousand dollars. Now it is possible there's a slight inflation on these prices given
 that it's made by Jimmy Carter and the money goes to charity. I doubt it. But I think it's just good
 quality projects. I read about Lyndon B. Johnson apparently according to Forbes an article on
 that. His hobby was drunk driving around his property. Yeah he had a ranch and he liked to drink
 drive around there and especially he had an amphibious car which he would pretend that he was
 accidentally driving into a lake. He would do that with guests right. And then they'd be fine.
 Quiz question about Jimmy Carter. Jimmy Carter is the 39th president of the United States
 America. What first does he bring as a president and this is something to do with his personal life?
 First woodwork expert. That's probably I've definitely phrased this question. Was he the first to write
 a children's book? No. He was the first to put a bowling lane in the White House. No. Basically he's
 the first president to have been born in a hospital. 39th president. I love them were born in wood cabins
 when they were all built by him. Okay it is time for fact number three and that is my fact. My fact
 is that when the poets Shelley and Byron went on a rider's retreat to Lake Geneva in 1816 the hotel
 opposite them hired out telescopes to their guests so that they could spy on them. It's so surreal.
 So this by the way was a very very famous trip that Shelley and Byron had made because they
 they were sat in the house one night and there were lots of storms that were going on for about
 three days solid and it's during one of those storms that Shelley's girlfriend at the time Mary
 and Byron and Shelley started coming up with ghost stories and scary stories horror stories and
 that's where Frankenstein was born. So the five guests there were three great writers and then two really
 tragic figures. One of whom was Claire Claremont who was Byron's Flues who he'd impregnated and he
 really wanted her to stop trying to get off with him and she followed him there and so he invited this
 other guy his doctor called Polidori to act as like a third wheel to make sure that Claire didn't get
 a chance to get Byron in a corner and snog him whatever and yeah Polidori had the most awful time
 with Byron employed us his doctor and they were asked to write these ghost stories on this night by
 and challenged him to write a ghost story and Polidori wrote this story and wrote the first ever vampire
 story in the English language and he just kind of forgot about it. He sent it to a friend when he
 got back to the UK and it got lost somewhere and then a few years later it got published in this monthly
 magazine just under the title of the vampire tale by Lord Byron and so Polidori has spent you know
 many years being so jealous of Byron and hating him resenting him and then he finds that this one
 story is written as published under Byron's name. I like that sort of as a ghost story that was
 accidentally ghost written. Yeah. Not really a ghost story because there's no ghost in it. Yeah,
 but yeah. Anyway, let's get back to this hotel. What's quite amazing about it is A, I didn't realize
 celebrity paparazzi things were going on back then. I think Byron is often credited as being a part of
 the birth of that whole session. Yeah, one of the first boop rumble as well. Yeah, he was basically
 the Anna Winter of the time. He was defining fashion purely by what he would write as reports of
 a sort of vanity therapy or a party. Yeah, exactly. Right. So they found not too long ago in the last
 couple of years the addition of Frankenstein that Mary Shelley signed for Byron. So she sent
 him a letter saying I'd love to hear if you think this is a good book. He never sent back a comment.
 And then he then wrote someone asked him about the book and he wrote his opinion to them in that and
 he said me thinks it's a wonderful work for a girl of 19. So he did like it but kind of patronizingly
 I don't know. Was it anyone who still sends it with me things? I know. I thought it was like it's George
 our binks. Oh, yeah. It's things. Wonderful. Oh, God, I know. She was pretty weird actually,
 Mary Shelley. What's she? Well, I think she did a couple of weird things. So Percy drowned
 in a shipwreck. After he died, she bought this Clifftop house in Bournemouth and this was in 1851
 and then she moved there with her children but she also moved the remains of her parents there.
 So her parents were buried in their King's Cross and she was just like, well, I'm moving. I guess
 I'll just bring my parents along. Oh, you mean as soon she dug up the graves? Yeah. She had the graves
 dug up and had them re-buried in Bournemouth. Isn't that strange? Yeah. Well, she also kept
 Percy Shelley's heart in her desk. So the rumor goes. I don't think we have any evidence of that.
 Okay, because I think that more modern historians would say they actually think it was Shelley's liver
 that they mistaken for a heart. I think the story was told by one of Shelley's friends was that when
 Shelley was being cremated, his friend dived into the fire and seized the heart. So it's probably
 possible that he would have accidentally seized the liver because they weren't very anatomically good
 then anyway and there's a big fire in the way. So I guess he just went for the first organ and he could
 get his hands on. Yeah, who knows. Byron had a coffin at the end of his dining table. They really
 kind of loved that kind of stuff. He used to get skulls and have them converted into drinking cups.
 Yeah, drinking cups. Yeah, drinking cups. In fact, he wanted Percy Shelley's skull as well. You jumped
 into the fire. Yeah. He accidentally brought his femur out. They were worried. I've got a straw.
 I talk about my favourite spice satellite and telescope. You've been listening to all this literature.
 All I know, if you've got more literature. No, no, no. The corona spice satellites of reconnaissance
 satellites, they were kind of made in the 60s and 70s and they were one of the first reconnaissance
 satellites we put up into space and they had cameras in them but they were normal code act film cameras.
 So when all the pictures had been taken, the satellite would jettison out a canister of film
 which would fall to earth and so it would come through the atmosphere and then a parachute would
 open so it would be crashing down and then a plane would fly alongside it and grab it out of the air.
 That is unbelievable. I know. What? What? Why? Yeah, why would you fly alongside it and not
 just wait for it to land? Well, it meant that it was safe of because you could go to risk of some
 or pick it up but there were there were examples of them not catching it in mid air and they landed
 like farmers land and stuff and they used to write the words top secret on it but they stopped doing
 that because everyone kept opening them. Have you ever seen the the capsules which the
 Cosmonauts came down in and then it would say in Russian person inside to be not be scared
 this is not an alien. It's a Cosmonauts car. It's amazing. It said that this is not an alien.
 It's something like that. It's like, yeah, it's like, do you not be alarmed? Then maybe a person inside
 please help people water and stuff. Do not lick balls. Yeah. Andrew Hunter Murray, who's away at the
 moment, he was telling me that NASA have a telescope on a plane so they fly the plane up and then they
 start observing through a telescope on the plane. Do you have this on the list? I only put my top one
 because I didn't think you'd listen to me for that long. I read an article from 1998 and it was about
 people buying telescopes in New York and 5,000 people had bought a telescope but because of the pollution
 you can't see any stars. And so they asked a lot of these people why have you bought telescopes and
 the most common answer was to spy on my neighbours. Really? Yeah. There was a survey done in Switzerland
 that asked people if they spied on their neighbours and 22% of people admitted that they did
 actively use equipment like binoculars or camera phones or through the spy holes in their door
 and they were asked why they spied on their neighbours and in Switzerland the most popular reason for
 spying was to check out a neighbour's plants. 28% of people... That feels like a swiss you for this.
 They did the same study in the UK and a third of people said they spied on their neighbours and in
 the UK the most commonly given reason is to check their all right. It's to check open brackets if
 they're a bit of close brackets. All right. Okay it is time for a final fact of the show and that is
 Chuzenski. My fact this week is that famous historical games of Go include the blood vomiting
 game, the ear reddening game, the famous killing game and the atomic bomb game. So this is about the
 game Go which is a very famous game comes from China originally. It's the oldest board game in the
 world that's still being played. That's not Pokemon Go then. Sorry no that's obviously one of the oldest
 games in the world still being played. It feels like to some of us but no and there have been games
 documented throughout history for hundreds of hundreds of years and there are these famous
 historical games. So what were they again? So the blood vomiting game. Okay so what happens in
 the blood vomiting game? It's a lot like it sounds and it was in 1835 and it was a game where there were
 two players one was beating the other and then the other had these four spectacular moves and
 the first move was a move that his school of Go had been planning for months and months. So he won
 that and then the next three moves were given to him by Ghosts. So he won those three as well because
 Ghosts came down and helped him out so he won that game. I read that sentence and I just sat back and
 just let it soak in. It's the most enjoyable little nugget I've read in a fact for a very long time.
 How is that not cheating? I don't understand how that's allowed. Because in Go it turns out that
 you are allowed help from other people you just need to pause the game. Just to jump forward very
 quickly I think we should stick on the blood vomiting game for a minute. But to jump forward to the
 ear reddening game that game took three months to play. Yeah. Took three months because each player was
 allowed a 24 hour period of thinking time in between each move and they took it. We're a spectator sport
 if you want a day ticket. Okay. And what they would do in that 24 hour periods is often the person
 who was playing would go back into there wherever they lived and they would have a group of students
 study the game up to the point it was at. And they would then decide on what potential new moves could
 be done. The next move. And just to finish off the blood vomiting game. Penny was still wondering
 about the name. So as this guy started to lose he keeled over, collapsed on the board and started
 coughing up blood and he was dead within a couple of months. I thought he probably had TB but it
 might have been just the pain of losing. And the ear reddening game that Dan mentioned is called
 that this is an 1846 it was a hot century for go but in 1846 it was a game that a doctor happened to be
 watching and everyone else who was watching it thought the one guy would lose and the doctor said no
 I think the other guy is going to lose and people said why? And he said because I saw his ears flush red
 when his opponent made a move and that means he's distressed. And then DT was right so that's the
 ear reddening game. And then sadly the famous killing game is just a really intense game. Wow so
 he glowed under stress as well. Like the space crest. That's amazing. Maybe that's how you stress out
 a bit of crest. You just beat it at go. Should we quickly explain what go is? Yes. Just very very simply
 it's a board game a bit like chess or drafts and each player has white or black pebbles and you put
 them on the board. It's quite complicated but the basic thing is you're trying to encircle your
 opponent's pieces and get territory. Yeah encircle bits of territory and it's like one go at a time
 and it's incredibly simple the rules but very complex as James says to get good at it the strategy
 is completely complex. And the the famous thing recently is it's really hard for computers to play
 because there are so many different possible combinations of moves and one move that you do now
 in a hundred days time could be really important in ways that you haven't foreseen
 and so the computers can't work it out although recently I think they might have won that thing. Yeah
 I think this was a bit of a blow for the go community but AlphaGo which is made by Google's
 artificial intelligence arm and it's AlphaGo this thing that beat this Korean guy Lee Sedol
 and then so Lee Sedol is currently ranked fourth in the world and the person who's ranked first in
 the world is called KG and I'm really sorry that's mispronounced. He's 18 and he said when he saw
 AlphaGo being so good I don't want to play AlphaGo because I know that I'm better than AlphaGo
 I've watched as much as with Lee and AlphaGo is weaker than me and I don't want him stealing my moves
 so he's backed out of it so it's quite familiar from when I used to play chess as a child and my little
 brother started beating me and so I kept playing until I beat him once and said well now I'm the
 reigning champion I don't want to play anymore. But if you look at the rankings I think they're on
 official rankings but you can look at say the top 200 or whatever and they're all from either China,
 Japan or Korea apart from the world number two which is AlphaGo which is technically a British player.
 Woohoo! So we're number two in the world. That's very good. Yeah. Can I bring up another game that you
 mentioned in the headline facts? Yes sorry the atomic bomb game. The atomic bomb game. This is amazing.
 So they were in Hiroshima they were in the outer suburbs they were about five kilometers from
 where impact ground zero was through the bomb detonating. So they were mid-game and suddenly the bomb
 goes off and there was damage to their building people were injured around them. This is what's
 remarkable. They resumed play after a lunch break and then it was by the police coming around saying
 you need to go elsewhere and they just went further out to continue the game. Just on artificial
 intelligence and computers that we were talking about as James was saying goes quite a hard game to
 beat with a computer. There is a game that was specifically designed to be difficult for a computer
 beat by a guy called Omar Sayed who was inspired by watching Deep Blue defeat Casper off. So he
 invented this game called Arima which is it can be played on a chess board and it's basically a bit
 like chess but there are different pieces. There's like an elephant and a camel and a horse and
 dogs and cats. The idea is that it's supposed to be difficult for computers to play but easy for
 humans and because the computer can't use kind of like tree logic by looking up every single
 different combination and then working out the best one is by comparing them all. It's slightly
 intuitive but just like that a computer eventually won in 2013 they had an international competition
 every year there were three competitions there would be a human only competition a computer only
 competition and then the third one where computers versus humans and for ages computers always lost
 and then in 2015 they won. It would be good if they had Olympic boxing and then robot was and then
 the best Olympic boxer fought against the best robot was guy. Well they do robot football slash
 soccer now don't they and they do have the robots play a human team and Leven Skryra who is a very good
 friend of ours been on the show a few times. He reckons that by 2050 the robots will beat the human
 team. Yeah he does say that although they do look hilariously bad. It's like just putting a bunch of
 pigs into a football arena and say try and score they just have no interest in scoring they have
 no anything they're just running into walls. And pigs do play football sometimes don't they?
 I knew I knew I'd say something that would I would hope make no sense and James would come in saying
 actually. I think by law you're supposed to give them things to play with because they get bored
 and quite often they give them balls and they kind of like to nuzzle them around and I'm pretty
 sure I've seen a video of pigs playing football. Well maybe they're just looking them because I think
 it's good luck. Okay that's it that's all of our facts thank you so much for listening if you would
 like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this
 podcast we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Streiberland James. @Exhaped Alex. @Alexbo_Underskool.
 And Chazinski. You can email podcast@QI.com. Yep or you can go to @QIPodcast it's our group Twitter
 accounts and you can also go to nosuchthingasaffish.com where we have all the previous podcast episodes and
 you can listen to them there. We'll see you again next week for another episode. Goodbye.
