 [music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from three undisclosed locations around the UK. My name is Dan Schreiber and the reason we are
 three today is Anna is on holiday so I am joined by Andrew Hunts and Murray and James Harkin and
 once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven
 days and in no particular order here we go. Starting with fact number one that is Andy.
 My fact is that scientists are trying to save water voles by feeding them glitter.
 Yes. I thought plastic was bad for the environment. Well yes they're not feeding them plastic and not
 only feeding them plastic it's not like they're just shoveling glitter into these poor voles.
 Basically they're very endangered water voles in the UK. If you've never if you're listening from
 outside the UK we have these charming little things. Ratty from Wind of the Willows is actually a
 water vol is not a rat but they're really really endangered for various reasons and so conservationists
 are now trying to track them work out where they are. They're quite hard to track because they're
 quite elusive. We normally track them by looking for their poo but obviously hard to find like a
 small poo on a riverbank. As the old saying goes it's like looking for a poo on a riverbank.
 And so they're feeding them this edible like sort of biodegradable glitter the kind that you get on
 cakes and things like that so not plastic. I suppose yeah I suppose it's kind of useful because
 even if you find a poo on a riverbank you don't know who it belongs to. It could be a mouse
 or a vole or a fisherman or whatever you just. But voles are very organised with their poo.
 They have actual toilets so I think to an educated eye you would know immediately you're
 staring at a water vol poo. Yeah and they are on the decline aren't they Andy? It's 90%
 down at the end of the 20th century than what we had before. So what they're doing now they're
 feeding them glitter. They've been experimenting on captive voles to see if these produce extra
 sparkly poos which will be easier to spot. And the experiment very pleased report has worked
 24 hours later as the Beeb report put it a tiny glittery poo was spotted. So look out for that
 on the riverbank near you. It's quite cool as well they seem to be able to differentiate between
 different families of voles with quite an easy way do you know? Different coloured glitter.
 Different coloured glitter so you know one family might have silver poo and then you've got
 another with gold poo down there and that's how they can differentiate who's packed together
 and where they're going. That's going to become a status symbol in the water vol world isn't it?
 It's like the silver poos are not going to hang out with the gold poos anymore.
 We'd like to invite you to join our platinum poo club.
 Here's an interesting problem with this study I think that if you're trying to count
 water vol poos to count the number of water voles there is a problem because water voles
 tend to eat poo. Not only that they often eat or they sometimes eat poo directly from the Edis
 so don't it's not like you have a bit of time to find it before it gets eaten.
 Guys have a little respect. Have a little self respect. That's too keen isn't it? That's a bit
 too keen. It's too keen. That's sticking your mouth under Mr Whippy's ice cream machine isn't it
 before it hits the cone. They have these latrines where they all go and so they
 but there's another method that was pitched to find them in 2020 because it is really hard to
 find them because they're on the river banks and so on. It's just hard to survey especially steep
 river banks which was giving them floating toilets so they were given these rafts made of
 floating polystyrene and the idea is they'll think that is a terrific loo. I must use that
 little floating platform as a loo. It only works if they don't have fantastic loos already.
 If they've already got a great loo setup then they won't use your platform.
 Yeah they've set those up largely because you can't walk around looking for water voles. You
 often mess the local environment up so if you ever see a platform look around you might see
 a bunch of men with binoculars sort of honing in on the little platform.
 They're not perverts. We're not perverts. You'll see them and you'll think what a bunch of perverts
 but actually they're looking at water vol poo. They're heroes. They're conservation heroes.
 Yeah it's better than the old way. So an old way of doing it was you would put
 radio colors on your voles and you can kind of track them that way. But they found that when
 you did that there would be way more male voles born and that's because a female vol who is stressed
 will give birth to males and that's like an evolutionary thing because when you know when
 your population is under threat you need more males. So what they found is that when the females
 were wearing these radio colors there were just way more males born.
 Is that why I have so many boys? Fenella was so stressed during all the three pregnancies.
 It's not. It's certainly during the conception I think she must have been, yeah.
 Have you been talking to her? How do you know that?
 Can we talk about mink? Can we please talk about the American mink?
 Oh okay. I wasn't expecting pushback on that. What is a mink? Like as in is it a vol?
 Do you see the big sort of jacket, the big coat that Andy's wearing at the moment?
 Very flush color. It's perfect for this 31 degree heat that we're living in London at the moment.
 Pure mink. The mink really wicks away the sweat.
 It goes really nicely with the dismembered polar bear head you're wearing as a hat as well.
 Okay guys. So basically when Kenneth Graham wrote "Wind of the Willows" and wrote "Ratty"
 there were loads of water vols all over the UK. Then in the last hundred years one of the main
 problems, like there's a little bit of climate and a little bit of habitat stuff, the main problem
 seems to be goddamn American mink coming over here eating our vols. They were farmed in the UK
 for ages. There used to be hundreds of mink farms everywhere and obviously some of them escaped and
 blah blah blah and they bred and the main problem is right if a water vols hole looks like this,
 I'm just holding up my hands for Dan and James here, it's like this size right?
 When you say water vols hole, you mean the hole to the house where they live?
 I apologize. Yeah, if a water vols hole was this size you'd spot the poos a lot more easily.
 Like an owl comes down, obviously an owl can't get through this spot, it's just not possible,
 but a mink is basically like a furry drainpipe, like it's perfect. It's the right size to just get
 into the burrow and they have no defences against them so they can just be eaten like dozens and
 dozens. A mink can just dispatch dozens of vols basically, it's a big problem, but basically
 they've worked out now they need to eradicate mink from England, you know, because there are an
 invasive species and they've done a trial where they've eradicated them from 5% of England,
 which is quite big when you think about it. So get this, I just love how this trap works.
 James you'll love this, you get a hollow golf ball. Okay, a bit of a waste of a golf ball.
 Is it like a training golf ball that you ever get those? Oh, you can get those little plastic
 ones with holes in. I think it's like that. So you get that, you put that inside the trap
 and inside that hollow golf ball is a cigarette filter containing one or two drops from the
 minks anal scent gland, which you have harvested. This is getting better and better for me.
 Cigarette filters, anal glands, golf balls. This is like my luxury items when I go on
 desert island desks. So you've harvested the anal gland droplets from your previous,
 the last mink you caught. So it's a very sustainable system. So you put them in the
 cigarette filter, you drip it on, and then you just set a mink to catch a mink basically,
 and then the trap door closes when the mink goes in, and the trappers then get an email
 saying you have caught one mink, and then they could just go and kill the mink basically.
 That system of using the holes for them to burrow through is also another way, by the way,
 that they've been trying to monitor and work out how many voles are out there. So
 they get a tube and they will pad it up all the way on the inside with sticky tape.
 So when the water vol goes through, bits of hair get stuck into the hole,
 and then they can look inside and go up. Yeah, there's been a vol.
 Does it not strip off its fur? Comes out completely naked. It's not
 effective way of doing it really. Actually, that's a good way to make the mink coats.
 Just get them going through that tunnel. Jesus.
 Collect the hair. I just want to say for the listener,
 just in case you didn't get it that it was a joke earlier, Andy is not wearing any animal products
 today. No, my underpants are fur, but you weren't to know that. You know who stopped mink in the UK?
 Well. Because there used to be hundreds and hundreds of farms, and they were mostly farming
 them for their fur. It was pretty cruel, actually. It wasn't that nice.
 It's an MP, it's a current MP, actually, who's got a really appropriate name, Labour MP.
 Oh, okay. This is tough.
 I'm going to tell you, it's Maria Eagle.
 That was gettable. If we'd have sat here for four and a half, well, let's say Anna's here,
 three and a half hours, because she's good on MPs. I reckon we could have got that.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's cool. And she basically had a private member's bill,
 where she got them cancelled. And then animal rights people would free thousands and thousands
 of mink. They'd break into the mink farms. And then in one of the stupid... They were being kept
 in very cruel conditions, but the answer is not to release thousands of incredibly dangerous carnivores
 into the local environment. I've mostly got mink stuff for this fact.
 I must say, Andy, due to the fact that this fact was about water bowls and glitter,
 my mink material is quite scabbed.
 I'm not so hot on it either, though I am excited for your new quiz show, where a single question
 requires three and a half hours of guesswork before we get to the answer.
 Can I say a thing about glittery poo before we move on?
 Tardigrades sometimes have glittery poo. Do you know what a tardigrade is?
 Like these tiny little... They're known as water bears as well. They live in water.
 They're kind of ubiquitous. They live everywhere you look. They're kind of indestructible.
 If you fire radioactivity at them, they don't die. If they go into space, they don't die.
 They're like superhero animals. But these tiny little minuscule bugs.
 But they found some with glitter in their poo, and they wondered where on earth did they get it from.
 And it turns out that they probably swallowed their own mouth.
 That's because they have these kind of crystal-like teeth in their mouth called psilots.
 They used to grind little bits of invertebrates. And then every now and then they molt.
 But usually, the teeth would just go out onto the floor. But sometimes they accidentally eat
 their own teeth. And then they end up with really glittery poo.
 Wow.
 You can swallow teeth. I've swallowed teeth before.
 What?
 No.
 I'm sure I swallowed my first tooth. Like my first tooth that ever came out, my first milk tooth.
 I'm sure I accidentally thought the hell of a story if it was someone else's.
 I'll tell you what. Hell of a story for the tooth fairy who has to go sipping your shit afterwards to give you 50p.
 It has to go under my pillow. This is not good. No one wins.
 Oh, little Andy, what's happened to your bed? No, no, no. Let me explain. I swallowed my tooth.
 Just normally when you shit the bed, you shit it further down. That's the problem.
 Like, it's a bad old night when it ends up under the pillow.
 The word glitter comes from the Vikings. That's cool, isn't it? You wouldn't think that.
 No.
 But it just meant something that shines or shimmers. And obviously, Vikings went on the sea a lot.
 And the sea shimmers a lot. So they use the word glitter to mean that.
 And then obviously, glitter, as we know it today, came in the 20th century.
 Yeah. Glitter has its foundations in New Jersey.
 And that's where most of the glitter is made these days.
 And there's a company who I think are the second largest company called Glitterx,
 who gave an interview to the New York Times. And it's insane the protection.
 It's as if they're protecting KFC's secret ingredients or Coca-Cola.
 They won't show any journalists how their glitter is made.
 They won't let them hear how it is made.
 It's crazy. It's a really crazy article. The journalist, she asks,
 "Who is the biggest market in the world for glitter products?"
 Expecting it's going to be something like Carnival or whatever.
 And they say, "We can't tell you that."
 And she says, "Why not?" And they say, "We can't tell you why not.
 Let's just leave it at that, shall we?"
 Interesting. I think it's the US Air Force.
 It's going to be military.
 It's because they have things called chaff tubes.
 And this is a thing where they fire out tiny little bits of glitter out of the aeroplanes.
 So if you've got a missile that is kind of locked onto you with radar,
 fire a lot of glitter out, then the radar kind of gets confused and the missile endures.
 It's quite a sort of fabulous way of like winning an air war.
 You know what I mean? Like it's quite showbiz, you know.
 You've got a mig on your ass, ghost sparkle mode.
 I like that.
 It's possible they don't want to say because it's used for stopping counter-fitting.
 So in the same way they're using it on water voles so that they can monitor where they are,
 companies like big manufacturers of plywood will have tiny bits of glitter inserted inside.
 So that it's...
 Oh yeah, because I'm always getting my counterfeit plywood.
 I'm always going to the plywood shop and going, "This isn't the real stuff."
 Have you got anything, got any cheaper plywood under the counter for me, mate? Maybe?
 What do you think the counter's made of, mate?
 Yeah, absolutely. It's used in so many different products just to stop global counter-fitting.
 That's so funny.
 Yeah, and then just really quickly it was invented by Henry F. Ruschmann,
 who was a German immigrant who was coming to New York on a boat in 1926,
 and he was hired as soon as he got off the boat because the captain of the ship noticed
 that he was a brilliant machinist and he went straight to the guy who was the
 charge of the Westinghouse Company, which is like a big electronics company at the time,
 and said, "You've got to hire this man."
 So the guy literally walked off the ship and straight into a job and he worked on the machine
 that cuts out. You know, like if you take photos and you might get a big reel of photos,
 you need to cut them into smaller photos. He worked on one of those machines and then he noticed
 he had lots of little bits of plastic left over and that they shined in the light and he called
 them "Schnibbles". Wow. It's just kind of an accident. That's discovery, Andy.
 Was it? Was it now? Yeah, that's it. I prefer "Schnibbles". I think that's a great name.
 Guys, I'm so sorry. I have one more thing to say on voles, but it's important.
 It's actually important. There's a group in South London who are involved in the
 vol reintroduction thing. They're called Citizen Zoo and they have a scheme called Get Involved.
 It's better written down. And one thing you can do is you can make a small donation and you can
 name some water voles. So very pleased to announce that I've made a small donation of company money.
 All right, not your own money. Because remember when we sponsored that explosive finding rattle
 whenever it was? That was my own money that paid for that. It wasn't your money. Oh, okay. Well,
 I thought you guys would want to be in on this. So I will be, I will be invoicing. Anyway, there are
 now two voles somewhere in South London called Everard and Digby. Oh, yeah. Perfect.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that
 according to Tongan mythology, the island of Cow was almost stolen one night. But the god
 Tafakula bent over and the light shone out of his anus so brightly that the thieves fled in fear.
 The classic manoeuvre. So I was reading an article in Live Science about a volcano that
 went off in the Pacific last year. And the headline was Shining Anus Volcano in Tonga
 coughs up cloud of smoke during a recent eruption. And obviously, that kind of caught my eye a little
 bit. So I read this article and it said that this island called Tafua, it's got like a ring,
 almost like the top's been cut off. And there's a ring and there's a lake inside it. And then nearby,
 there's another volcano that looks like a perfect triangle. And the story goes that there were
 three deities called Tuvavata, Sisi and Fangar. And they were going to steal Tafua. So they came
 and they tore off the top of the mountain. And when they tore it off, a lake appeared. But then
 this Tongan god Tafakula came along, the bent over showed his anus, it shone so brightly. They were
 struck with fear. They threw the top of the mountain in the air, it landed and became this other island.
 And that's how the two islands sort of came to be. And then in life science, the final sentence
 says, "It is unclear from the account why Tafakula's anus shone like the sun."
 Okay. Well, so this story was taken from a book that was written by a man called Edward Winslow
 Gifford. And it was published in 1924, all about Tongan myths and tales. And there's quite a few,
 it's all oral tradition told to this guy. And he noted it down. And there's about five or six
 different versions. Sounds more like anal tradition. Hey. So there's a bunch of different stories in
 this book. And he writes down the different interpretations that are given. And one of the
 things that is mentioned in one of the stories is that his name itself, Tafakula, is, no, I'm not
 going to stop laughing, Andy. I'm pressing on. His name is Tafakula. And his name translates
 as red edges. And it says he had a red anus. So it's quite possible that just the anus itself
 was so red, brightly red, that it was mistook for the light. So we have a partial explanation.
 The song "Roxanne" by the police was actually originally called Tafakula. You don't have to
 put on the red light. No, please. Tafakula is fine. The cavity search is over. Wow.
 I mean, it's just a story, I guess. But it's quite an amusing story. And I think quite a lot of
 Pacific cultures have origin myths, which have parts of the body in them. A slightly different
 to the ones that we might have. So in Hawaiian culture, there's a goddess called Kohe Kohe Lele,
 whose name translates as Kapo with a traveling vagina. And there is a crater on Oahu,
 which is named after her vulva. And the idea is that Pili, who's the goddess of volcanoes,
 she was being attacked by a shapeshifting man with a pig's head. And then Kapo came along,
 lured the attacker away by throwing her vagina onto Oahu. He ran away from Pili. She managed to
 escape and the vagina became this crater. She threw her hua onto Oahu? She did. Sorry, I didn't
 listen to anything else you were saying. I'm so excited to have realised that. What a move.
 What a move. Yeah. Wow. I had a bit of a scan through the Tongan myths and tales to see if there
 were any other stories that involved anuses. And I could only find one other. And it's to do with
 a tale of an island called Uwa, E-U-A, Uwa. And there was a great warrior called Totaki.
 And basically, he had all of his wife's relations killed. Really bad move, really annoyed her.
 She decided that she was going to kill him. And so her method was she met him on top of a mountain,
 brought up a coconut, half a coconut full of water, but she only filled it halfway through. So
 as he drank it, he had to lift it right up to get all of the water in. And when he did that,
 she pushed him off the edge. He managed to grab her and they both plummeted to their deaths.
 She fell to the ground. But unfortunately, he got snagged on a tree on the way down,
 where the branch went right through his anus and came up out on the other side.
 And a bunch of warriors who were coming to back up the wife saw him sort of levitating in the air,
 looking incredibly intimidating and fled off the island because they thought he'd reached
 sort of like God level status in his anger. A lot of stories, right? They have a kind of
 meaning to them. Like Esau was fable to have a really clear, slow and steady wins the race.
 What is the meaning of this story? I'm not entirely sure. But there is still a cave on
 that cliff face where it's said to has happened that is called Tootaki named after him.
 Don't attack women. Is that the motto of the story? Is it a good motto?
 What about the motto being even in the worst of situations when you've got a tree impaling your
 anus and you just died, some good can come of it? That's a really nice message, actually.
 That's a really good message. Or the flip side is to the warriors. If your opponent looks intimidating,
 double check that he's not actually impaled through the anus by a stick.
 Really good. Tonga for a lot of people might seem as if it's just one place. It's not a bunch of
 islands. It's down in the Pacific. It's about 170 islands gathered under this one sovereignty, right?
 And James, have you been there? I've always been thinking this is a James Harkin place.
 I haven't been to any in the South Pacific. The Empire of Tonga at one stage spanned more than
 a thousand miles, which made it about the same size as the Zulu Empire and the Aztec empires.
 Pretty good. Of course. Well, for Tonga, most of it was ocean.
 So it's a little bit less useful to have a huge empire if most of it's the ocean, I guess.
 Yeah, that's sort of cheating. Tonga was originally known as the Friendly Islands.
 And that was after Captain James Cook arrived there in 1773 and he arrived during a festival
 and he was invited to join in and he thought their locals were so friendly that he should
 call it the Friendly Islands. Unknown to him, apparently the reason that they didn't kill him
 because the chiefs could not agree on a plan on how to kill him.
 Purochistry. Amazing. So good. Are they all standing around a diagram of different ways,
 like angles of attack and things like that? One of them's holding a spear. One of them's holding
 a tree that he might put up as anus. What's on the board, guys? Oh,
 nothing. Don't worry about it. Just go back to the festival. This is a restricted bit, actually.
 Yeah, I visited his house when we were on tour, Captain Cook. Oh, that's right.
 It's in Melbourne and they brought over the entire house to Melbourne. In fact,
 it's a house he never lived in. It was his parents' house. So it's a slightly confusing place.
 But a good afternoon out. There you go. I was looking into some more of the weird
 sort of moments throughout the history of the Tonga Empire. And for a three-year period,
 the king of Tonga was a piece of wood. So basically what had happened was the king,
 Talatama, had passed away and he had no children. And so this broke the line and this has happened
 in the past where it then goes to another clan and so on. And the brother of Talatama thought,
 this can't happen. So he created a piece of wood that was painted and a bit shaped like a doll and
 said, this is the new king. And so the new king was put onto the throne and then the new king
 after a while was given a wife. It sounds like it was a real human as opposed to a piece of wood
 because they don't mention it's a wooden wife. And then the piece of wood died
 after three years. But it left a son with the wife and that was the brother. And then he took control.
 Yes. How does a piece of wood die? Well, how does an anus radiate light? There are lots of
 questions in the Tongan world that we don't have the answers to. You know, this is back in the 12th
 century. So this sits in that world of myth and legend. But it is a story that is known there.
 So the brother was trying to create an opportunity for himself to become king.
 Yeah. So he creates a sort of cosy father figure in this piece of wood, marries it to some poor
 woman, then she has a baby who happens to be the guy who wanted to be the king in the first place.
 Is that it? It's exactly that. Yeah. Very nice, skillful. Do they have to do a paternity test?
 No, they don't. You don't look anything like him. You haven't got his knots.
 Are you guys familiar with the practice of perineum sunning?
 Jesus. Well, I mean, is it exactly what it sounds like? It's exactly what it sounds like.
 And it's to do with the claim that if you get 30 seconds of sunlight directly on your bottom,
 I mean, right, right in there, it's the equivalent. This is the claim that's made. Okay. It's the
 equivalent of a full day of sunlight with your clothes on now. Okay, that's useful to know.
 Does that work with tanning boots as well? Well, it's very hard to get your legs up in
 the booth, isn't it? But surely they can direct a beam just straight in.
 Well, don't do it, basically. You might get sunburned. You've got quite thin skin down there.
 Don't do it. Please don't do it. This fact was about a light putting off burglars.
 Do you think lights put off burglars or not? Yes. Yeah. Well, you might be wrong.
 Oh, interesting. So there have been various studies done. There was one at the University of
 Loughborough that found that if you have a burglar alarm with a light, you're more likely to be
 burgled. But they're not sure. It might be because burglar alarms are put in places that are more
 likely to be burgled anyway. And so that's why it happens. But there was also a study at London
 School of Hygiene and Tropical Medicine, weirdly, at UCL, and they found that when you turn the
 street lights off between midnight and 5am, there are a lot less cars broken into in a certain area.
 And that's, they think, because it might make it more difficult to see if there are any valuable
 goods in your car. And they might get scared. It's spooky being out of the dark. Yeah.
 It is. Yeah. And there's... I've got one of these security lights. And we're saying that maybe I
 should turn it off. Well, there was a study in 2019 that found correlations between light levels
 and unsafe places. And what they found is that when you have the lights on in a certain area,
 that means there's almost more dark places for people to hide. Do you know what I mean? Because
 the contrast between the light and dark is more. So you're walking around the light bit,
 you think everything's fine, but there are going to be some dark areas where people can hide.
 Whereas if it's always dark, your eyes will be more accustomed than you'd be able to see things.
 So basically the journey's out a little bit, I think. Okay. That's interesting. That's like,
 you know, the classic movies where prison guards have that one beam of light that they look for
 escaping prisoners going around. And they're always in the dark. That, what you're saying is that
 kind of impedes the hunt that they should turn it off. Don't worry, guys. I know what I'm doing.
 I've read a study from the University of Lafra, which insists that if we turn off the lights,
 then it'll be safer. Dan caught in the middle of the prison yard with his pants wrapped in ankles
 going, "I thought there were some medical benefits."
 Not trying to escape, just trying to get my 30 seconds of daily sun.
 It's midnight, Shriver.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact. My fact this week is that for over 20
 years now, fans of the Doctor Who actor Tom Baker have been regularly visiting his gravestone at a
 cemetery in Kent, despite the fact that he isn't yet dead.
 Yeah, so this is, I found this out in a brilliant autobiography that Tom Baker wrote many years
 ago called "Who on Earth is Tom Baker?" I started on the final chapter, which is where I found it.
 So Tom Baker, many years ago, was living in a little town in Kent called Borton Malherb,
 and he lived in a house that was directly opposite a church, St. Nicholas's Church,
 and he used to go and do his bit for the community. He would mow the grass in front of the church,
 and he decided this is where I want to be buried. So he paid for a plot, but it seemed that there
 was a deal that you could get a headstone at the same time. So he bought one. So it is engraved
 Tom Baker, 1934 too, and then a blank space that will one day be filled in. It's all moldy,
 it's got muscle over it, it's weather beaten, and people come and visit it. And quite often,
 back in the day when Tom Baker was still living there, he would often pop up behind the people who
 were looking at him. Surely he's not going to die, he's just going to turn into Peter Davidson,
 isn't he? Yes, that is. That's a little Doctor Who joke for anyone who's ever watched Doctor Who,
 which is not me. Yeah, so here's, we should point out the connection properly, Doctor Who. So Tom
 Baker was the fourth Doctor. He was the longest serving Doctor in all of Doctor Who's history.
 So he's kind of more associated as the Doctor than most of the other ones. I'm just going to tell you,
 because he is quite a quirky character, and I'll just give you a little bit of insight into how
 weird he is in this final chapter in the book when he talks about it. The story that he uses to tell
 the story is that he's mowing outside the church and there's a man standing there, and the man says,
 "Oh, hello," and he makes a point about his mower, his lawn mower. He says, "Oh, it's very nice,"
 and he's acting all weird, and Tom doesn't know what's going on, and he goes to bed that night,
 and then two men in balaclavas break into his house, and they start searching for stuff, and Tom
 Baker doesn't know what, and he's petrified, and they call the police, and it's a traumatic experience.
 The next morning, he goes down and he sees his tombstone, and it now no longer just says Tom
 Baker in 1934 to, and then blank, it now says Tom Baker in 1934 to wanker, and someone's just written
 that in chalk on it, and so he rubs that off using some grass cuttings and some sheep feces that he
 finds and sort of takes that off. What is the story, Dan? What is the story? The point is that this
 is the mind of Tom Baker. He becomes convinced that the balaclava people were there to get his
 lawn mower, so he moves his lawn mower up into his room, and he sleeps with it every night alongside
 an axe that sits on his bed in case they come back in, and it's not so he can kill them, it's so he
 can chop his own head off before they get a chance to do it. That's Tom Baker in a nutshell. That's
 the final chapter in his book. Wow. I mean, Dan, can I just say you just waved a copy of the book
 at us. I've got a library copy of the book here. Yeah. Who on earth is Tom Baker? I started at
 chapter one like a dweeb. The first words of chapter one are, because he's got this amazing
 voice, hasn't he? He's got a very, very recognizable voice. My first ambition was to be an orphan,
 and it sort of, you know, and it's because he was growing up in the war in Liverpool,
 and apparently if you became orphaned, you would get presents from the Americans, which I did not
 think was a scheme they ran, but whatever. Yeah, they just, they were handed out binks, weren't they?
 Left, right, and centre. So he writes, the only drawback was that to qualify for the goodies,
 your mam had to be in heaven, so I prayed hard that a bomb would drop on mine as she trudged home
 from the Sefton Arms. He's got a very weird anecdote style. But he's a hero, isn't he, to a lot of
 people in this country. If you're overseas, Tom Baker, a household name, he certainly was. He
 certainly has a kind of higher status in the nerd world, but he's old. He's, you know, born in 34,
 so he hasn't been on TV for a long time. Did he do the voiceover for Little Britain? Was that him?
 He did, that's right. Yes. When he was 15, he became a monk. Yes. Kind of interesting. Like you?
 Like me, no. Well, you were kind of semi a monk, weren't you? I went to a Catholic school.
 That's what I'm thinking of. But he was part of the Brothers of Plurmel. Yeah, he left becoming a
 monk when he just got a bit too horny and went on a sort of shagging spree. He said he wanted to
 commit every single one of the Ten Commandments. And he didn't want to do that while being a
 monk. He wanted to break them. But wait a minute, I mean, Thou shalt not kill is one of the biggies.
 So that's a pretty tough one. Could be an animal. Well, maybe after he coveted his neighbor's ox,
 maybe he killed it after that. That's possible. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I think he likes a
 good story. I think that's the main point. Yeah. He claims that he once tried to kill, hang on,
 we're on that command. Oh my God, this does work. Okay, this does work actually. He claimed that once
 he tried to kill his own mother-in-law while he was working at the family Rose-growing business.
 What did he do? Did he push her off a cliff so that she landed with a rose up her anus?
 That's it. That's it. Apparently he threw multiple hoes at her. Oh, you mean hoeing implements?
 Hoeing implements, exactly. Exactly. Because they were to hand, I guess, in the garden,
 in the gardening business where he was working. He was sort of plucked into the world of Dr. Who
 from being a struggling actor. He was working on building sites even as they were filming,
 I think possibly even as it was going out. And he was a very dominating character. It's very
 interesting because he's very eccentric, very lovable. But when you read into him, he did have
 very much a dark side to a lot of how he treated people. And they used to say that it was great
 filming Dr. Who, but it was great only if Tom decided it was a great day. If he decided it wasn't,
 then that was a bad day. That's like recording this podcast with Anna though, you know.
 That's just the price of the mention. Well, actually, do you know what? There's a character who,
 the whole of Dr. Who really, I think, is indebted to. And it's someone who I, every time I read
 about her, I think this is the Anna Tyshinski of Dr. Who. Verity Lambert. Verity Lambert was the
 producer of Dr. Who. And the reason she became the producer of Dr. Who was she was an assistant
 on a show that was airing live called Armchair Theatre. And she was working in the background
 and there was a guy called Gareth Jones who was meant to appear on screen and deliver some lines,
 but he had a heart attack and he died before he came on. So all the actors were standing in the
 scene looking off screen at a man who's now on the floor, not knowing what to do. And the main
 director ran into the studio and he said, Verity, you're now in charge. You're now the producer.
 So she had to suddenly run the whole ship while he was on the set and he was writing the script,
 rewriting it because it really relied on this character who just died in real life to be part
 of it. And while she did that, the heads of BBC saw her talent and went, I think she can be put in
 charge of something that's new and great. Can I ask how this is the same as Anna Tyshinski who's
 basically fucked up on holiday and dumps us in it this week? There are a few discrepancies in
 character. No, I can see it. I can see it. I mean, when we make jokes, we frequently die metaphorically
 and Anna has to keep the show going while we do that by making sarcastic comments.
 Yeah, yeah. When they were putting the show together, the guy Sidney Nolan, he said the reason
 he wanted Verity Lambert is because she was to use the phrase of his full of piss and vinegar,
 and that's what he wanted. He wanted that as part of his team. And it was a kids show given to her,
 which was amazing because when they said, are you going to have kids? Because this is a big
 concern of the BBC back in the day. There used to be a marriage bar, which was lifted in 1944.
 But if you were female working at the BBC, if you got married, you had to leave your job because
 they thought you would have kids. And so that was the question to her. And she said, I don't know
 any children. I don't want children. I don't fucking like children. Yeah, it's the direct quote. And
 she was put in charge of what was a kids program. And she's responsible. It's really largely down to
 her for fighting for it, that it that it became a thing. I'm still struggling to see where the
 other bit comes in here. Absolutely. Maybe the piss and vinegar bit, I guess. I see her as full
 of piss and vinegar. She just won't let something slide. She'll stick up for anything that's not
 right. That's Anna. She'll stick up for anything that's not right. That does sound like Anna,
 actually. Well, she's my biggest defender. By the way, Tom Baker, not the only great
 Doctor Who actor out there. I just want to give a quick shout out to John Pertwee,
 who is also one of the doctors. He had an amazing life. He was an advisor for Churchill.
 And yeah, and he used to be in the war rooms with him. And he used to do a thing where at the end
 of the meetings, when everyone had left, including Churchill, he would scour the floor for all the
 cigarette butts that Churchill had thrown during the meeting onto the carpet. Then he would put
 them in a golf ball. That's how you catch a Churchill. Yeah, he would sell them to his friends
 just for a little tidy sum as a bit of memorabilia of Churchill. It feels like his mind is not 100%
 on the effort of defeating the Nazi. Oh, sorry, that's just John scrounging faggots from the floor.
 We've had a load of facts sent in by a guy called David Lever, who's a huge Doctor Who fan. I just
 wanted to give him a little shout out. And he said so many amazing facts, I can't do them all,
 I'm afraid. But one of them I just really like is this. When the deadly assassin, Brackett's,
 now regarded as one of Tom Baker's best episodes, was released, the head of the Doctor Who Appreciation
 Society hated it so much, he immediately disbanded the society. This was the last time Doctor Who
 fans ever got disproportionately angry. Yeah, they do weird things when they're angry. There was
 one guy, I got this from the John Higgs book, Exterminate Regenerate, which is so good, it's
 all about Doctor Who. And he said that when it got cancelled, one guy got so angry that he ripped
 off the TV aerial from the outside of his house and he sent it to the BBC as a protest. So good.
 Okay, it is time for the final fact of the show. And very excitingly, all the way from
 northern Spain, it's Anna. My fact this week, coming to you from the tiny and beautiful and
 very hot Basque village of Segura, is that the Basque language has at least 50 words for butterfly,
 one of which means soul of a donkey. So what does that mean, Anna? Oh, we haven't recorded this bit.
 Sorry. Actually, she has sent me another file. So let's listen to that. Other words for butterfly
 include courtesy of my Basque friend here, Julen.
 Bicillote, Bicillote, Bicillota, Bicillota, Bicillota, Bicillota, Bicillot, Bicillote, Bicillota,
 Similot, Cimereta, Cimerita, Cimerica, Inguma, Iancoyo, Jinkoyo, Mari Pampalona, Mari Sorgin,
 Machita, Bimbilin, Bimbilina, Bimbilineta, Bimbiliposha, Bimbiliposha, Sorgin Bici,
 Sorgin Mandatari, Sorgino Yo. Amazing.
 Very nice. Has anyone done any research on this? A little bit. It's just, I mean,
 there are various different claims. Some people claim there are 80 words for
 butterfly, some people claim there's 100. And also, it's not like these different words
 mean big butterflies or butterfly, yellow butterflies, all of that. They all literally
 do just mean butterfly. But I have not seen that Y, in fact. I can't find that either.
 My favorite word for a butterfly in Basque is pin-pillen-poucher,
 because that comes from the sound that the wings make. That's like a really nice Onomatopoeia
 quen. Does it? I've heard butterflies flapping. Does that sound it to you guys?
 It's flippity-flopping. It's floating about pin-pillen-poucher.
 You need to get a bit closer. So, Basque, we say where the Basque region is for international
 listeners who are not from the Basque region. It's the top of Spain, slash south of France.
 I think it's seven provinces, historically, where the Basque language is spoken. There's
 lots of traditional Basque culture. And the language is so weird, isn't it? It's a language
 to isolate. It's not related to anything on either side of it. It's really peculiar.
 Yeah. So, what does that mean? Can we not trace it to anywhere?
 I think it's believed to be pre-Indo-European. So, lots of the languages that came over from
 Asia, basically, are related in various different ways. And this is a kind of survivor, almost,
 the weird outcrop that just has lasted since before that period, which is probably thousands
 and thousands of years ago. Yeah. You get lots of people who have theories that it's related to
 other things. Like, I went on the University of California website and they said that it might
 be related to Ainu, which is a Japanese isolate language. And what they do, basically, is they
 look at lists of the words and they go, "Actually, these words are quite similar." But I think if
 you really look at it deep down, it's not really related to any other extant language at all.
 Right. It feels too neat that it would be related to another isolate from the completely other side
 of the world. Yeah. It's almost too odd. I think the idea being that Basque were often seafaring
 people and they might have gone seafaring over to Japan as well and taken the language with them.
 But again, like, I don't think it's true. We have a few words from Basque in English.
 Do we? Yeah. Silhouette. The word silhouette. Yeah. So there was a guy called Arnaud de Silhouette.
 He was a finance minister of France and he basically was in charge of a big bit of austerity
 so no one could afford anything. And so they came up with these like really cheap ways of doing
 portraits by cutting out black things. And they named it after him and his surname was Basque.
 Yes. Interesting. Wow. He was from the Basque country. Anchevi, maybe.
 Anchevi, really. Yeah. Arizona, Saspirella, Zorro. A lot of people think bazaar comes from
 the Basque word for beard, although that's a little bit dubious, that one. But yeah.
 Zorro is a cool word. Yeah. Zorro comes from the Basque word Azaria, meaning fox.
 Oh, nice. I didn't know that. It just is so different. Like, so French for welcome is
 Bienvenue. Spanish is Bienvenidos. You can kind of see where they might be going there. The Basque
 is Angiatoria. They're just totally unconnected. I love it. And we should say even within the
 Basque region, there are five different dialects. Like, I think it is quite hard for non-Basque
 people to learn simply because there aren't many things to cling on to. Like, if you're English
 and you're trying to learn a fair few European languages, there are lots of links. But there's,
 in fact, there's a story that the devil wanted to send particular people from the Basque region to
 hell. So you're trying to learn the language. But after seven years, he had to give up because
 it was too difficult. But again, the meaning of that one is like these Tongan ones. It's like,
 okay, Basque is hard. I suppose that's the meaning. And then does that mean after seven years,
 he decided, well, I'm going to stay out of the Basque country? Yeah, it doesn't have this thing
 of like, oh, where God's chosen people, like Yorkshire. I think it's just that he, I'm presuming
 just harder translator or something. I don't know. Because God spent seven years in Leeds,
 didn't he? And by the end of that, he'd say, hey, help me, doc. That's why Yorkshire gods people.
 Traveling to Iceland has become quite nice in the last 10 years for people from the Basque region.
 And that's because in 2015, they officially revoked a law that allowed for citizens of Iceland to kill
 people from Basque on site. On site. On site. No questions asked. No questions asked. It was
 just a completely legal thing. This was due to an incident. No questions, no questions, Basque,
 more like. So in 1615, there was an incident in which a bunch of... Highlights in Leedsy. Thank you.
 Oh, no, don't get me wrong. It's wonderful stuff. Basically, what happened was is there was a big
 dispute between whalers and the people from Basque were heading out. This is in 1615. And it
 resulted in a dispute where they killed a bunch of these Basque whalers. And it's just been in their
 law that you can kill on site since then. And 2015, they actually had governors from the Basque region,
 the Icelandic Minister of Education get together and officially revoke it. So it is now illegal.
 I think in practice in Iceland, it was illegal to kill people more generally. Yeah. I think if
 you'd have killed someone from the Basque country and said, "Oh, no, look, it's in the law. I'm allowed
 to do that," they might have said, "Yeah, but you're not really, are you?" Maybe. We've had other
 laws invented since then. But Dan, did you hear the thing about the ceremony, the repeal ceremony
 for this law? Who did you say? It was a couple of local bigwigs. You had the Icelandic Minister
 of Education and then a governor from Basque. Well, they were one of the descendants of a murdered
 whale hunter and one of the descendants of one of the murderers. Amazing. So they got to be,
 you know, they were closely involved in this ceremony. Did they let the Basque bigwig kill
 the Icelandic bigwig as a bit of a blood feud thing? Yeah, it was nice. It was really sweet,
 actually. It was a very touching ceremony. Harpoon through the anus. That's right. God damn.
 Jeez. Do you want to hear some Basque proverbs? Yes, please. All right. "When the fox is engaging
 you in conversation, keep an eye on your chicken." Oh, that's good. Also, "keep an eye on your water
 bowl" was going to be the ending. Same thing. "Oh, what a pair, a snail and a slug." Okay, that one's
 less clear. I think it's when two people are being, they're both difficult. Two ladies
 who are easy people have found each other and they say, "Oh, God." Yeah, nobody's helping you.
 A lot of donkeys need a lot of straw. I'm not even sure that's a proverb, actually. I think
 it might just be like a logistics thing. Okay. "In other places, dogs go barefoot, too."
 Okay. That means that no matter where you go in the world, there'll still be some things
 that you recognise. Exactly that. It's basically saying things are largely similar in most places,
 which, again, it's not a slammer of a proverb, I think. For people who very much decide that
 they're very, very different from all the other people who live around them, has the basket.
 You're absolutely right. They'd probably say to me, "The words are big, but the acorns are small."
 You have a small penis? I mean, they would say that to me if they got to know me well, but no,
 that's not what I'm saying. I think it's like ear or mouth and no trousers.
 Oh, that's a good one. All mouth and no trousers. I don't even know what that means.
 It's when you have a lot of talk, but you're not matching it with big action.
 All mouth and no trousers? Old fur coats and no knickers.
 That's another great one. Do you know that one, Dan? No. Wow.
 Speaking of knickers, the word "bask" refers to a piece of underwear.
 Does it? Yeah. Like a basket, it's almost like a sexy corset.
 You know that? Oh, no, I have heard of that. I have heard of that. Yeah, yeah.
 So you don't spend enough time on summers, you two. Or I spend way too much time on summers,
 what other two? But apparently, it was first called that in French because it looks a little bit like
 traditional "bask" costume. Right. And also, the French thought that the "bask" people,
 especially the women, were a little bit racy because they wore short skirts and had ear rings.
 And the national costume to the French at the time looked a bit oolala.
 To put it in French. They had a big problem with witches in the 17th century, the "bask" region.
 Oh, yeah. Huge problem, actually. They had a lot of witch hunting.
 And there's a very famous bit of history, which is called the "bask witch hunt" effectively.
 And it was like hundreds and thousands of people in the "bask" region confessed that they'd been
 to the witches' Sabbath. And I'm afraid to say they had had sex with the devil.
 You learn the language by then.
 I think it was the language of love by that point. You'd fly in basically either on a broom
 or a goat, apparently, if you couldn't afford a broom. And you'd worship the devil a bit and then
 you'd, I think you would dig up dead witches and eat them. That was the thing that supposedly
 happened at these kind of witchy fiestas. If you were old and you had no teeth, the devil would
 lend you his own dentures. The stories of what? It's disgusting. It's disgusting. Also, the thought
 of the devil with his teeth out is quite a funny one. You're a mortal soul.
 This is such weird reports like children would be given velvet-clad toads to guard at these fiestas.
 Witches would dance with toads as large as chickens. I mean, it's mad. It's a completely mad
 episode of history. It was probably just people being tortured until they confessed. I'm afraid
 it was mostly, wasn't it? Yeah. The Basque version of Santa is kind of interesting. It's called
 Olent Zero. And if children don't want to go to bed, a sickle is thrown down the chimney,
 and the children are told that Olent Zero will come and cut their throats if they don't go to
 sleep. Yikes. And what happens is they mostly go to sleep, I imagine.
 One last thing, maybe. Butterfly. Where the English word butterfly comes from.
 Okay. Because butterfly is quite a nice word in lots of different languages, really.
 I'm thinking papillon. And falafala in Italian. I think in German, it's something not quite so
 beautiful. It's like German. It'll be an 18 consonant. It'll be a really mechanical. Yeah.
 But in English, butterfly, we don't really know where butterfly comes from. So there's an idea
 that they would, if you left your milk uncovered, they would come and drink the milk and steal your
 butter and stuff. But I think the best version is it comes from the Dutch old word for a butterfly,
 which was buttersheiter. Which was because butterflies had yellow excrement. And so the Dutch
 called them like butter, buttershit. And then we stole that name. And then over the years,
 like a lot of these things, their word shater just turns into fly because you're being polite with
 your kids. Yeah. That was really funny. I've just googled German for butterflies schmetterling.
 Schmetterling, that's right. That could have been a warplane, you know?
 I've got a bunch of schmetterlings on my ass. Deploy the chaff. Deploy the glitter.
 What was the glitter called? They were called schnibbles.
 Schnibbles. Deploy the schnibbles. Deploy the end-to-schmatterling schnibbles.
 They come out of the back of the plane with a big banag.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you would like to
 get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our various social media accounts. I'm on @Shrieberland on Instagram,
 James. My Instagram is @NotesthingsJamesHarken. Andy. My Instagram is @AndrewHunterM. Yep.
 And if you want to get to us as a group, you can go to podcast@QI.com, send us emails there.
 We can feature some of the best of those on our bonus episode. Drop us a line,
 which is part of our big club, Club Fish. And if you go to knowsuchthingasafish.com,
 you will find the link to Club Fish. You'll also find all of our previous episodes,
 bits of merch, all the stuff is there. Otherwise, just come back next week,
 because we will be back with another episode and we will see you then. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
