 Hi everyone, James here.
 I just wanted to start with an apology.
 Unfortunately, the audio is very bad in this episode.
 Some of our microphones failed.
 So we only had one mic, and you'll be hearing it from that.
 So it's going to be a bit tinny, a little bit like we recorded
 in a toilet.
 But that's kind of back to our roots,
 because that's what most of our early ones were like.
 But enjoy the show anyway.
 We think is a good one.
 Get through the audio next week.
 We'll be much better.
 [VIDEO PLAYBACK]
 [APPLAUSE]
 Hi, everyone.
 Welcome to another episode.
 And no such thing is a fish, a weekly podcast.
 We're coming to you from the Soho Theater in Central London.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Anna Chazinski, James Harkin,
 and Andy Murray.
 This is our one-year special.
 It's our birthday.
 We've once again sat around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Hello.
 My fact is that the root for the home call Ultramarathon
 is to run up and down the same stretch of road 25 times.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This has been on the news a bit recently.
 Because it's just happened, the first ever Ultramarathon
 they've had on this route for one of the better words.
 And it's 31 miles long.
 Because apparently anything longer than the standard 26.2
 is an Ultramarathon, which I think is cheating,
 because I think it should be at least double.
 And I'd say that as someone who's never
 run more than 200 meters, and that was this fourth day.
 And fourth.
 Out of fourth.
 Out of fourth.
 So yeah, that's it.
 Well, my father used to say it was.
 31 miles.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because normally Ultramarathon is more like 100 miles,
 200 miles, 200 miles, whatever.
 But if they had done that here,
 they probably would have been suicides and pulled them out.
 I would have actually-- so I read that if you run 200 miles,
 it's less tiring than if you run 100 miles.
 Right.
 That can't be true.
 That can't be true.
 Yeah, apparently what happens is when you know it's going
 to be much longer, your intensity is much lower.
 So you take your time a lot more.
 And they've felt that people who do the longer ones
 feel better at the end.
 So you'll just say you do it much more so.
 You're saying it takes--
 You can serve your energy better.
 You walk it.
 You walk it.
 You take the job when you get your two.
 So the thing about this marathon
 is that everyone's been describing it,
 particularly people doing it as the most boring marathon
 possible because of the repetitions.
 And I was looking into boring marathons.
 And there is an annual boring marathon.
 What?
 Yeah, there's an annual boring marathon.
 There's an ultra boring marathon.
 And it's actually apparently quite exciting.
 It's just it happens to take place in a town
 and we're seeing people boring Oregon City.
 Yeah, which is an actual place.
 And their motto is, "The most exciting place to live."
 They're twins with a town called Dole in Scotland.
 Yeah, yeah, they have an annual Dole and boring day,
 which you both think it was August 9th.
 So a lot more than recently, the most boring day
 in modern history.
 And it was equal to the 11th, 1954, so a bad time.
 It was a scientist of a huge program
 to work out the day where the least interesting stuff
 happened, because there's a general election in Belgium.
 So sorry, sorry, Belgium.
 The confront page of the New York Post
 was two cops attending a conference
 on juvenile delinquency from their views.
 So they put that into a machine, right?
 And it's generous.
 So it was like three million bits of information.
 300 million?
 Was it 300 million?
 It was.
 Wow.
 So they said, "Find us the most boring day."
 They came up with this date, April 11th, 1954.
 I read this as well.
 Sight note to it, which actually caught my eye
 more than the fact itself, is that the guy who was a Cambridge
 scientist, he was a computer programmer,
 his name, his name is William Tundstel-Pedo.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He changed his surname, wouldn't he?
 I was trying to research the facts.
 I got so sidelined.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Take your key point out.
 You got plasticins came up with boredom,
 as in he invented the word.
 Yeah, I read his books, yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh!
 [INAUDIBLE]
 Yeah, it's in the Bleak House.
 He says, "Someone is bought to death by marriage."
 Oh, sorry.
 So maybe people just deceived that sort of man.
 Maybe it meant thrills.
 What do you mean, thrills?
 There's a lot of people say to me when I'm talking to them
 in the pub and they say, "I'm so bad."
 Yeah.
 They're actually saying they're thrills.
 Is that why you keep going on and on?
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's a tribe in Papua New Guinea called the Baining,
 and they value work as the highest ideal, the best
 thing you do is work.
 And they have been called unstudiable because of their failure
 to do anything interesting.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So much, isn't it?
 And there was an anthropologist called Gregory Bateson,
 who spent 14 months attempting to study them
 in the 1920s before giving up.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They don't even like sex.
 Is that right?
 Yeah.
 They don't like it very much.
 No, they don't like it.
 But they do have kids, but often a lot of adoption,
 because they don't really want to have kids.
 Wait, when have they got moved forward?
 There's been maybe tribes or something.
 I don't know.
 But they also got like play, because it's
 a natural state of children, and they got like children.
 At least sometimes they will punish the children who
 are playing by putting their hands in the fire.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's not boring.
 That's an exciting thing to do.
 I think the most boring sport ever,
 the most boring sporting event ever,
 was the cycling event of the 1964 Tokyo Olympic, where
 it involved people watching two people who are cycling head-to-head,
 sitting still on bicycles for more than an hour.
 What were they exercise bikes?
 No, it was that-- you notice that it's the sprint cycle
 when it goes head-to-head, and they often
 like hover at the start of it, so you don't know.
 Because I think it's a slipstream thing,
 so because they want the other person to start cycling first,
 and they can get in their slipstream.
 And these two guys just have this stand-up.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They're still on the bike, standing on the bikes,
 but over an hour an hour and three on the bike.
 So that's pretty hard.
 Yeah, I know impressive.
 Oh, it sounds exciting to me.
 As you constantly get wet, you always go out, no.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The commentator had to leave.
 I think I was so bad.
 It's something else to get on with.
 Exciting with too much.
 Hand of this.
 Do you know the way they induce boredom scientists want
 to test boredom?
 Obviously, there are a lot of ways of doing it.
 So to do pain, they put your hand in the bucket of icy water.
 And to do boredom, they make you copy out the phone book.
 That's the official way of doing it.
 But if they want to really test you,
 they just make you read the phone book.
 Let me see, I have to focus on it and really concentrate.
 But it proves your creativity.
 What are you in the phone doctors?
 What being bored, as induced by this and the experiment they did.
 So they tested, they had people who could just copy
 numbers out of the phone book or not do that.
 And at the end of that, everyone who'd been in it
 was asked to-- this is the test.
 Think of it as many uses as they could for a pair of plastic cups,
 which is apparently a test of divergent thinking
 and how crazy and creative you are.
 And people who've been reading the phone book
 or copying it out were much more creative.
 They're like, throw them at the person who told me to read the phone book.
 And there's a scientific test at the boredom program
 this scale that's come up with by two psychologists.
 And it's 28 statements, which you have to agree on this agree with.
 And it consists of statements, including,
 I have projects in mind all the time, things to do.
 Or much of the time, I just sit around doing nothing.
 [LAUGHTER]
 If you could do that successfully, I don't think you're easily bored.
 I sometimes read my own phone book and test myself
 on people I have to not know who they are.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Here's Rose.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Does anyone else do that?
 One yes, one yes, one yes, one yes.
 I did a terrible thing the other day.
 I got a message on my phone from someone saying,
 hey, how's it going?
 And you know that terrible moment when you haven't got their number.
 And you're like, oh my god, the message is so familiar.
 I definitely know who this is.
 They're going to hate.
 So I have to do the old classic.
 Sorry, it's a new phone.
 I haven't got your number.
 Who is it?
 And the person wrote back going, it's Sheila.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So I did the lamest thing that I've done it used.
 I wrote back, hey, sorry, I'm Australian.
 There's a lot of Sheila.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Which one do?
 [APPLAUSE]
 She didn't write back.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I found the most boring-- it's very unfortunate.
 There's a resort in Switzerland, and I was a bit confused
 because it's described as a village and resort.
 So I can't feel how the village is going to scale itself.
 Yeah.
 And it's been described as the most boring resort in Switzerland.
 And you know when it's like, oh, how the nice time.
 They're all of their things.
 It's just this is so dull.
 This is my dull place.
 And the tourist board there released the statements.
 They said that they think they've got this kind to look
 because their point village has nothing, does nothing,
 and offers nothing.
 And then they added, we think that's a positive.
 But so they've combatted it now by going,
 they had a meeting, and they're like, how do we
 sort out the boredom levels of our town?
 How do we make it exciting and vibrant?
 And they started a stone skipping competition,
 which they're now trying to make a worldwide thing.
 But then they found out that another similarly dull town
 also decided the way to combat boredom
 was to set up a skimming stones competition.
 So they have to call them and say, could we do the qualifying
 round before they get to it?
 You can't even go and see the finals.
 Yeah, I can see.
 Yeah.
 OK, some stuff on Ultramarathens.
 Yeah, yeah.
 OK, so Ultramarathen athletes sometimes
 have all their toenails removed.
 Before or after?
 Before.
 I'm not sure, but like, you know what I'm saying.
 So put that off in there.
 So you'll end up, you'll run, and you'll have real problems
 with your toenails, and they'll get worse and worse.
 And then they get better.
 And then once they've been a problem once,
 they get worse and worse all the time.
 And so quite often they'll have them taken off,
 just lately.
 What?
 It reminds me of how?
 Yeah, how?
 How do they take them off?
 Do you want me to show you?
 They would search, if they have searching, we'd do it.
 Yeah.
 That's not what I mean.
 I wanted a method.
 I think it's a yank.
 And the other thing that happens in Ultramarathen
 people is their body gets in such trouble
 because they're really, really pushing it
 that they are insatiable and want
 to have lots and lots of sex, apparently.
 It's the comments of one of the athletes.
 Who I back to the pub?
 Yes, he was boring, but I couldn't have myself.
 No, he said--
 He says, "When a person is in various strengths like that,
 sex becomes a priority because naturally,
 we want to perpetuate the species we want to procreate."
 So it's like, we're in such trouble we're about to buy.
 We need to have kids quickly.
 That's what he said.
 Wow.
 OK.
 Madison's work considered so dangerous
 that they weren't supposed to happen again, weren't they?
 In 1902, the 1902 Olympics--
 I was in 1902.
 --in 1902 or Olympics.
 It was decided because it was so badly done that one guy--
 so the doctor's drove in front of them along this dust track.
 And like, you know what I mean?
 Oh, that's aphyxia space.
 One of them did run along collapse, had like a pulmonary failure
 or something.
 Collapse very nearly died because he'd inhaled so much dust.
 Another one, the guy who won in the end collapse
 and had to be picked up and was given a strictly, which
 is that pesticide that we now use on crops
 to try and simulate him and then some brown needs.
 Well, at that time, it was a useful stimulant
 that didn't do any of that, so he can--
 And then there was a guy who won initially, who
 was called someone's laws, who decided
 he couldn't hack it after about nine kilometers.
 And Jonathan a car passed by, waved all the other athletes,
 jumped out of the other end, sprinted to the finish line,
 the 50 hours.
 And one--
 --50 yards.
 And then--
 There was no one nearby, presumably,
 because I would stop a mile back, you know.
 I would just think--
 Well, when he claimed was, when he was taking his trophy
 and someone did say, by the way, I did see you
 drive most of the way.
 He did say he'd always been meaning to give it back.
 It was just a joke.
 But that is the kind of thing you'd--
 I'll claim this, and if no one said anything, that's 5'1."
 And if they do, I'll just say, I was kidding.
 Anyway, it was--
 Sounds strong, it was going to do that, wasn't it?
 It was just a joke, I mean.
 Have you heard of Rosa Ruiz?
 No.
 She won the 1980 Boston Marathon.
 She's 23-year-old New Yorker, and she was very, very fast.
 She was the third fastest time ever recorded
 for a female runner.
 And she was completely sweat free and composed
 when she crossed the finishing line.
 Car, obviously.
 No one saw her during the race.
 No other checkpoints.
 None of the other runners.
 Photographs of the race, she was nowhere.
 She was so fast, they couldn't get a little photos.
 She-- not Car, Subway.
 She just got Subway straight across.
 And doesn't count, though, if you're still running.
 While you take all of your cash, you ran to the Subway.
 Just kept it.
 That should count.
 Just on the spot.
 Yeah.
 I was running.
 I just got corrected with it.
 But again, she just stood back in half a mile before the end,
 which seems very cocky.
 Yeah.
 Why don't you open in Subway?
 You have to run up a lot of stairs.
 I reckon that's more tiring.
 That would be tough.
 We've got to move on very soon to the next bag.
 Can I just quickly give a few Hong Kong things?
 Yeah.
 So because I'm born in race in Hong Kong.
 And--
 Can I bet money on a Hong Kong fact that you
 will say in the next 20 seconds?
 Oh, OK, yeah.
 I'm just wondering if there's a Hong Kong fact about Bruce Lee
 to follow?
 No, there's not.
 Oh, my God.
 Although there is a good Bruce Lee fact, but I'll tell you
 just to see how you've made it through.
 Why did I do it?
 He was the 1958 Cha Cha champion in Hong Kong.
 There he goes.
 How many people have it?
 How's he well?
 It's the perfect--
 Yeah, so one thing I discovered
 was that after the handover happened,
 there were a lot of things that the Chinese admitted
 to doing that they were sort of tripping the British colonialists
 about when they first arrived.
 And one thing was the names of places in Hong Kong.
 And I've been to a lot of these places,
 and I had no idea that their translations meant what they are.
 So for example, there's a place called Hisi one.
 So when the British were like, oh, what's this called?
 They went up, Hisi one.
 That translates as vagina discharge day--
 [LAUGHTER]
 The vagina discharge day.
 There's Nushi Wu, which is cow shit lake,
 and Dao Tao, which is penis head rock.
 It needs a bin on signs in Hong Kong for ages.
 And they started changing some.
 So foreign-devil sex organ is now dead.
 I've become pyramid rock.
 And all sex corner is now swimming dragon cape.
 Oh, that's really cool.
 I had no idea when I was there.
 Did you guys have any more that we--
 Oh, that's really welcome.
 OK, time for fact number two.
 And that is Chun Zinsky.
 Yep, my fact is that the meter is wrong.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Typical, I don't know.
 Every while everything's wrong, we come together.
 Yeah.
 I hate it.
 Why does that mean?
 So the meter-- it was determined that the meter--
 so in a guy called Pierre Mecha was a French astronomer.
 In the 1790s, he determined that they decided
 to go to a decimal system.
 And the meter would be the unit of the system.
 And it would be exactly 1/10 million of the distance
 between the equator and the North Pole.
 So he went on this big tour to measure
 our arcs of the Earth and stuff.
 And do calculations to what every meter was.
 And there was a slight error in his calculations.
 A slight problem was one of his bits of equipment.
 And he was 0.16 of a millimeter out for every meter.
 The meter we use now, he realized that he'd gone wrong.
 And so we tried to draw people's attention to it.
 But at that point, they were like, we've made all these
 like meter long sticks.
 We can't just go and make them.
 And so we just stayed that way.
 I mean, but that's so unscientific for how science usually works.
 Well, we've made them do that.
 It's just going to have to be it.
 Sorry, I have-- he went back to where he had made
 the original mistake later in his life.
 And he wanted to correct it, because on this campaign
 to get it corrected.
 And he got to where he made the mistake, where he caught
 malaria and died.
 So never check.
 You're working.
 He kept getting arrested, isn't he, when
 he was doing all this stuff, because it was during the revolution.
 People thought that his--
 what do you call these things?
 Instruments for weapons, don't they?
 Yeah.
 So it just kept them at prison, all of a sudden.
 Yeah.
 And it was-- but that was actually a good thing.
 Well, was it good or was it bad?
 It was when he was in prison, then he realized he'd got it wrong.
 He thought I've got nothing else.
 He just said, recheck my calculations.
 And when he did that, he realized it was wrong.
 But then it didn't do much good.
 So in fact, there was-- in 1875, there
 was the Treaty de la Metro, or the Treaty of the Metre,
 in France.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So he'd meet 10 valuable minutes, though.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I was going to leave it, and I remember you were here.
 And that decided to consecrate his wrong meter
 into being the actual meter.
 So to say, actually, my chance meter is the proper meter.
 The meter is now going to be 1 meter and 0.6--
 1.6 millimeter long.
 And so they created a standard meter at this conference.
 So they had to create an exact replica of the wrong meter.
 But this time, say, this is now the right meter.
 But they can just take his wrong one
 and say, this is the standard meter,
 because that had been wrong, does that make sense?
 It didn't, but yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm still on Treaty de la Metro.
 And so before this happened, in 18th century France,
 there were more than 250,000 different types
 of measurement in France.
 What?
 I know.
 How many people were there?
 Was it just different weights and measurements and--
 250,000.
 Yeah.
 It's a lot better than it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They were totally, really arrogant when they wanted
 to go to the decimal system.
 And there were a lot of people saying,
 I can't believe you think you can just
 make the whole world abide by your ridiculous system.
 But obviously, they did.
 Japan went metric in 1924.
 And no one noticed or did anything about it.
 And they had to do it again.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, my god.
 I think you have to strive to a few times.
 In 1960s, they were saying, let's do it.
 And they've just never got around to it.
 And now, because there are three countries
 that are metric, aren't there?
 So Burma, Liberia, and the US.
 But Burma is about to go imperial now.
 So it's about to just be US and Liberia.
 That's going to be metric, yeah.
 That's going to metric, sorry.
 Wasn't it just the Liberia?
 It had a very good luck, yeah.
 Wasn't there that great--
 I don't have a full fact.
 I hope you guys do, which is that.
 I'm not sure if that was complete the fact.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Mount Everest, when that was originally measured,
 what was it, 29,000 feet?
 Yeah.
 So it was the first to say it?
 Yeah, yeah, definitely.
 So they worked out exactly how tall it was.
 It was 29,000 feet.
 But they thought that if they put that as the actual number,
 people won't believe them.
 They think they would think they just rounded them up.
 And so they put an extra two feet on top.
 So they called it 29,000 and two feet.
 Yeah.
 Can you imagine?
 You've just done this incredible thing.
 You've measured the greatest mountain in the highest
 tallest mountain in the world.
 And it's a perfect number.
 And you can't tell them that it's high.
 Because you know when you will believe you.
 Poor guy.
 You must be like, can't fucking believe my love.
 That's nuts.
 I really like mistakes.
 I think history, definitely, some of the things
 that we find as an everyday thing, like the meter,
 is as a result of a mistake.
 One of the things that almost seems to have come out
 of being a mistake is phosphorus matches.
 The head of matches, the only reason--
 I mean, we may have got to it eventually,
 but the actual reason that we did end up getting to it
 is because a guy in 1675 called Henning Brand
 got obsessed with the idea that he could make gold
 by converting buckets of urine into gold.
 So he in his basement, he had 50 buckets of urine.
 Yeah, he went to a winner here.
 And it went up super, and it went up all taxi.
 And it just didn't at all go goldy.
 If he had a Cleveland, he must have had to have a look
 on every single bucket.
 Please, leave.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But so, but the weird byproduct of him doing this
 is that it actually lets--
 As I said, it's the tubs of urine.
 Yeah, all right.
 No, the tubs of urine did this waxy substance
 that he ended up having lit up when light was
 making contact with it, and they were going, what is it?
 And they realized this was a way of making fire.
 And so actually, each bucket became way more
 worth than gold.
 So he actually exceeded the amount of money
 that he would have made from turning that into gold.
 Exactly.
 If I shine a light, no, it's like setting light to it.
 All right, OK.
 OK.
 Do you know the first matches were a yard long?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Seriously, the first sold batches.
 And the guy who invented them sold 168 in something
 like three years, and they were a toy for rich people.
 And they were also incredibly dangerous.
 Because once you'd lit it, it was more like a home
 science kit almost.
 It wasn't a practical thing.
 But once you lit it, the globular flaming stuff
 had this amazing tendency to just fall to the ground
 and set fire to whatever you were standing on at the time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I guess because they were very practice-aviding,
 actually, so one time--
 No, not under a yard long as well.
 That's taken two people.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Good for bonding, maybe that's how they did it.
 Yeah, people.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, you know, I don't know.
 Before the 19th century, there was a unit of measurement
 which was called a lot.
 How many was that?
 It was about--
 Not very much.
 I thought it wasn't.
 It was the 30th of a pound, so it was not a lot.
 That's great.
 The word acre used to mean an open field
 of no particular measurement.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And yard comes from--
 Saxons used to wear like a girl.
 It comes from the same origin as girls, doesn't it?
 Because they're a belt that people used to wear,
 and then they take it off to measure something
 when they needed to know it's speculating as to what--
 and--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, nice.
 Some people understood.
 How big is this?
 [LAUGHTER]
 So there are some other videos of measurement.
 The gun-- you'll know the gun.
 No.
 The gun is a unit of measurement that measures space sickness.
 And it's named after-- he was the first US politician
 to go into space, actually.
 It was named after Senator Jake Gone, who
 was so sick during his space mission,
 but now it's meant one gun is considered very space sick.
 That's great.
 That's like the mini-Hellin.
 That's not--
 The mini-Hellin is the amount of beauty
 you need to launch one ship.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's weird.
 Lots of units of measurement that we have are quite similar.
 So there's a Japanese measure we've called--
 I'll mispronounce this--
 but Kaniyaku, it's an obscure one, as in it's not used any more.
 But it's about the same as an English foot.
 And both of those things are about the same length
 as the average man's foot.
 So it's a sort of common origin for lots of these things.
 It's quite cool.
 Like the qubit is the distance from it.
 What is it?
 Your elbow to the beginning of your hand.
 So you would send out someone with a big to buy cloth
 in the future engine.
 Because they will be able to get more cloth for their money,
 because they have bigger arms.
 It's just one guy with a really massive arm.
 Yeah, it's one more that would have you done.
 Yeah.
 It's amazing that we took so long to get
 to the fact that all humans are different sizes.
 We can't base a measurement system with one big human body.
 There's one called a Pietroa, which is Shalamine introduced.
 And it was supposedly the size of his foot.
 It wasn't.
 It was a human, just trying to understand those things.
 But-- so it was bigger than his foot, so small than his foot.
 I don't know.
 I don't know what size of his foot was,
 but I also don't know what size of the thing was.
 So it could be, actually.
 Yeah.
 I think it was.
 You know what I said, then, with indeterminate size feet.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Can I just say very quickly, just as a side note,
 every time that we've said, oh, what's that called?
 Someone from the crowd has called that.
 You're going to get this at any other comedy
 days for the audience of treating it like a pub quiz.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Are you hearing that?
 Yeah, can you not hear it all the time?
 Every time.
 What is it now?
 Listen out, or be there.
 Just going to be the carrot.
 I just was kind of interesting.
 The carrot measurement for diamonds
 is from carrot seeds, because they thought people
 used to think they're all carrot seeds,
 where, in fact, as they were announced, so they don't say them out.
 Like, who was it?
 Was it Bob who weighed out of 60 coffee beans for each double coffee
 drink, or you get started in way like half of the milk?
 Yeah, it was one of them.
 It was Bob.
 It was whoever wrote the coffee cantata, which I think was Bob.
 He wrote the whole thing in praise of coffee.
 Who was it?
 No.
 I'm throwing out of the coffee beans, Bob wrote the coffee cantata.
 Fucking told you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Guys, we're going to have to move on to our next stage.
 This is Bob.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And the next fact comes from that lady in the audience.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, so I'm from fact number three, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that St. Andrews Aquarium
 has three mircats called Churchill, Admiral, and Sheila's Wheels.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I love that Sheila's Wheels Mircan.
 They also had a Viva and Direct Line, but they both died.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because I was doing the credit cards.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, yeah, mircats.
 And funny names.
 Why?
 The very question, first of all, does an Aquarium have
 mircats?
 Because they realize there's no such thing as a bitch.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 They had this little bit-- it's a brilliant aquarium, by the way,
 but they had this little bit of rock where they didn't
 have anything to put there.
 And so they got offered some mircats when they got to do it.
 And I said, yeah, great.
 Mircats, why not?
 Everyone was big, huh?
 So you actually--
 I was there this week, and that's how you found this out.
 Yeah, did you know the mircats?
 I did.
 Meet the mircats.
 And Beth, what do you call these things?
 Penguins.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And saw all the different fish?
 Yeah, it's great.
 Really, really go.
 Definitely recommend it.
 So why are they-- why are they named there?
 Oh, so they were named by someone on Facebook,
 and they thought they were such great names that would name them that.
 And wait, they know there are existing names, don't they?
 That's a mircats.
 Yeah, no.
 They were allowed to name them.
 They were born there, and they were allowed to name them.
 And my head admiral has a tiny jacket with her full length.
 And they're made to occult Kate and Will's,
 and the others are named after members
 of the Royal Family as well.
 And they have a penguin who is called Andy Murray.
 Yeah, they do, and it's a female.
 And all the other penguins are named after the Murray Family.
 They're not your family.
 That's the tennis player.
 Interesting, we've heard that the mircats are named after Kate and Will's,
 because mircats, too, are threatened by inbreeding.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 So mircats, as when they're fighting,
 they line up in a line, and then just charge at each other.
 Really?
 Yeah, like a horizontal line, like a key.
 Like a horizontal line.
 And so it's like one against the other one.
 And they just charge into each other.
 And that is how naval warships fall.
 Yeah, it's at the other side.
 So presumably, admiral fights each other.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And one way they start from fighting each other
 is because they get a lot of their thing from scent.
 They rub a big spaper rub on the mircats,
 because then they can't smell each other,
 and they don't get angry with each other.
 But they also come smell who's related to them.
 No, but that's a good thing.
 Because they recently had one mircat who was completely
 segregated, they just were like, we don't want you.
 And they named the mircat Oliver Twist,
 because he was orphaned.
 And one of the guys there had to look after Oliver Twist.
 And that was the sentence.
 He said, we're going to completely cover them and fix--
 What's up with them?
 Becker rub.
 Becker rub.
 And we're going to cover him as well.
 And that will allow them back into the group,
 because they won't know that he wasn't smelling the same
 as us.
 But I just reminded me of a brilliant thing
 that I read this week.
 You'll have all read out a show, a new scientist,
 which is that when you shake someone's hand,
 you smell your hand afterwards, because you're
 trying to get the sense of the person that you shook hands with.
 And all humans have been doing this forever,
 and no one's ever noticed.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Not me.
 I can assure you I don't do that.
 And they videoed a lot of the people in their room
 shaking hands, and counted how often they were touching their faces
 around them, nose and mouth.
 And it was a certain number.
 And when they shook hands, it always went up.
 It's amazing.
 I think it's on your face.
 I've been watching my boyfriend do it over the weekend.
 We've found various instances.
 We've like played a board game, shake hands after them.
 And then I've watched him.
 And he holds his nose up to shake hands with me,
 which I've not taken this good side.
 [LAUGHTER]
 On Mircats, there's the only animal we've observed
 is hyperfast, who we've seen employing proper teaching
 methods to teach their young how to hunt.
 So because they hunt individually,
 you can't-- the young can't just follow their parents around
 and see how they hunt.
 So the parents bring back dead animals
 and then explain to their kids how to dismember them.
 And the other thing Mircats mothers do
 is they kill the children of other Mircats mothers,
 so that those mothers will breastfeed their own children
 so that they can go out and have fun.
 Nice guys.
 So they turn that mother into a baby
 because she's lactating anyway.
 So she'll be like, OK, you can look out for my kids
 and I'll kill the girls.
 I'm going to go out on the couch.
 They are horrible.
 They're not good pets, apparently,
 according to some websites.
 Because they can be very cruel to each other,
 aggressive to the people they don't know.
 They smell quite ferretty.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Like you do me a hammer?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I was reading about aquariums.
 And I read about London's very first aquarium,
 which was the Royal Aquarium.
 I was heard about the Royal Aquarium.
 It was basically 1903--
 I'm sorry, just before 1903, because it
 was pulled down in 1903.
 It had huge tanks.
 It was ginormous, simple.
 And the reason it was pulled down and didn't do so well
 is that all of these dine tanks contained no fish.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They were completely empty.
 Because they marketed it as having sea life.
 So they needed salt water.
 And they realized how extensive that was.
 And they couldn't afford to actually put the right amount
 of water in there with the relevant fish.
 So people used to come and just look at tanks of water.
 I read the promise at one day that they would be fishing them.
 I don't think that was the first one.
 Because the first one I think was at London Zoo,
 which would have been-- where did you say your source?
 1903, I was saying that.
 London Zoo's open to the mid 19th century.
 And it was called the Aquarium.
 But it used to be called Aquavirarium, which is a cool name.
 And an aquarium was originally a watering place for cattle.
 So you see sometimes troughs where people used to let
 their horses and cows drink.
 And it has aquarium written on it.
 And it looks like the West Aquarium in the world,
 but it's not.
 So did they call it Aquavirarium?
 So it's not to be confused and have cattle turn up.
 I'm hoping for a drink.
 And then they had this thing called Aquarium media.
 Have you heard of this?
 This is so cool.
 That's right.
 So there was a guy called Philip Henry Goss or Gosser.
 We can edit that as a progrif.
 And he was one of the pioneers of basically allowing fish
 to survive, whether--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Basically, everyone went, they were killing all fish.
 And he was like, no, this is wrong.
 We should likely survive.
 He came up with a system whereby you could keep fish in a tank
 and they would get enough oxygen and he'd eat plants in there.
 And he'd eat it, yeah.
 Got it, and then.
 But suddenly, everyone started getting aquariums.
 So people got them set into their windows, some people,
 or put into shender liars, just hanging from the ceiling.
 Some people built a bird cage into an aquarium.
 So there would be a bird living in there surrounded by fish,
 which it could never eat.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's what you're talking about.
 Yeah, they've made a like trainer into an aquarium
 like design as well.
 Oh.
 It's they transformed into--
 I don't know how functional it is as a trainer anymore,
 but it looks really cool if you look it up.
 It's the paper and into the--
 Well, in the face of the shoe, do you mean?
 The whole shoe is an aquarium.
 So it's round the edge of the shoe to fill the water
 and put some fish in.
 That's incredible.
 That's high.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that's weird.
 Also, there's the world's smallest aquariums in there that's--
 Small of them.
 Is that not it?
 Yeah.
 It's not even a full shoe.
 That's a heel.
 I think this one is 24 millimeters high.
 Right.
 So it's for several fish.
 It's this guy, Anatoly Kamenko, who just designed--
 he's a designer.
 His job is designing tiny things.
 And so he's created the world's smallest book.
 And that's what it's the work for human hair.
 Is it advice on how to keep your new zebrafish?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just a few things.
 I'll just go on.
 I was just going to say, did anyone see the giant male octopus
 this week that was trying to escape from its aquariums?
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 Does anyone read what the aquarium is an aquarium in Seattle?
 The aquarium, I don't know if you've ever said.
 So the octopus was crawled up the sides of its aquarium
 and it's clutched at the outside.
 And it's got some of its tentacles on the outside
 and it's trying to get over.
 And aquarium officials say the octopus named ink
 was not attempting a jailbreak, but simply
 learning to embrace his new home with all eight arms.
 It was not in the saber term.
 They said, well, it's putting the lid back on to you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So some things about name changes and product
 placements and stuff like that.
 Oh, yeah.
 So Aussie Royal Spotball, Gary Hocking,
 changed his name by Pete Paul to Whiskers one year,
 because he was paid a lot of money by that.
 And he was a tongue-in-rubbi star, Epitoyoni,
 who changes his name to Patti Power.
 And you can change your name of your stadium and stuff.
 But it doesn't always work out.
 The MLS side Colorado Rapids has changed their stadium
 to Dick's Spotting Goods Park, but everyone calls it the Dick.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And like, changing your name by Pete Paul as well,
 I like all that kind of stuff.
 So there was a guy called Gary Brett from Potter's Bar.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He was as broad a change that they'd do
 on his bar before him.
 He changed his name to Mr. Hong Kong Fui, OK?
 And he said, I've loved Hong Kong Fui since I was a boy.
 And I always wanted to be named up then.
 I'm quite serious.
 I'm a bit of a sad child.
 I'm quite serious about being known as Mr. Fui.
 My wife was a bit upset, but she should
 be honored to be married to a number one super guy
 who's quicker than the human life.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then there was a guy called Nigel Dyle, who
 changed his name to Mr. Toasted's T-Cakes, OK?
 And he said, some people can't believe it, especially,
 because I don't even like T-Cakes that much.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was a nice name.
 It must be so hard if you love stupid names
 that you've got to go to the--
 What's the name, Charlie?
 The Dean's Hole.
 And you must be in the queue going, OK, this time,
 it's just going to be Brian Smith, the name of the Brian Smith.
 And you're saying, hi to the guy in front of you.
 Oh, what are you changing your name to?
 Oh, rainbow sunshine moon does.
 You're going down there.
 And you get home to your wife.
 She's like, is it Brian Smith?
 It's asked my cadang, dang, dang, dang.
 I couldn't help myself.
 It must be so hard if you love a name.
 At least a good no marriage to a number one super guy.
 There's a guy called Sean Hennessy, who
 changes his name to Nigel Bottomface
 to win a bet with his friends.
 And he said, my mum was furious.
 But at least I got a Nite out in Chelmswood.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You're the sad life there.
 We're going to have to move on, but do you want to go?
 Oh, I've got some funny stuff on advertising.
 OK, so the Churchill dog, as the one of the fidget school
 Churchill, as the fact, the Churchill dog was initially
 a real bulldog called Lucas, who had to be sacked off the one
 handbook, because he refused to hold a phone in his mouth.
 He refused.
 Oh no.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, we are going to have to move on.
 I'm going to have to move it on.
 So we move on to our final fact to the evening.
 And that is my fact.
 And my fact this week is that the only ancient Egyptian
 socks that we know of all belonged to Tutankhamun.
 Is that awesome?
 When Howard Carter went into the tomb,
 he found a lot of stuff, a lot of gold, a lot of walking
 sticks, and he found three pairs of socks.
 And what's amazing is that up until finding these socks,
 there had been no depiction of socks in ancient Egypt,
 whatsoever.
 And I can't believe that that wasn't the headline.
 They wore socks.
 Also, because he wore sandals.
 It means that he was a socks-and-sandals fan.
 Which is very exciting.
 Do you normally have painted on the bottom of his sandals?
 No, this is cool.
 He had the faces of his enemies painted on the bottom.
 So wherever he walked, he would be crushing them
 into the dust.
 Yes, but except there was a lot of sand.
 So that would just be great branding.
 Because you'd see the heart of everyone.
 That's like the ultimate marketing trend.
 It's like you, Tim Collins and me.
 Yeah, they have that.
 So there was some socks that I think those weren't found intact
 where they were reconstructed from the evidence
 that they had, but that all the socks found intact.
 No, no, no, sorry.
 In his tomb, they found three that were completely intact.
 And then they found three that weren't.
 But they think that they must have been socks.
 They were the other pairs.
 Yeah.
 So he actually had six pairs, but three
 didn't make the 3,000-year period of time as his past.
 In fact, they also found a bottle of perfume
 speaking of the 3,000-year period of time,
 which still when they took the lid off, it still smelled.
 I think it smelled like something rotten.
 Oh, I know.
 It smelled like a chamomile of vanilla or something.
 Oh, it's 3,000 years.
 He was also buried with his own baby clothes,
 which I think is quite sweet.
 Yeah, I wonder why.
 There was actually a few toys.
 Weirdly, there was a boomerang.
 Yeah.
 Well, they used the dump and they used lassoos as well.
 Did they?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Cool, isn't it?
 It's Australia.
 Yes.
 It's the thing with the mirror where we call this India.
 And we just--
 It does sound like the outback from--
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 And he was buried with 413, what we're called,
 shabby figures.
 And these were little slaves that he would take
 into the next life.
 Because often people think they, if you were the slave
 of a pharaoh and your pharaoh died,
 then you'd have to kill yourself and be buried with him.
 Or be buried with him, which is even worse, but that never
 happened.
 It was actually a little model of the use that you would use.
 He was also buried with James as telling me an erection.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was a compliment.
 That was something, you know.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 He had a 90 degree erection of that.
 90 degree erection.
 And he's the only known pharaoh, as far as I know,
 who was buried that way.
 No one really knows him.
 And James has studied the field extensively.
 There was a guy called George Glitten, who
 was going to unwrap a mummy in front of a lot of people.
 He was a bit of a shouts, and he didn't have a mummy.
 And he was going to unwrap them.
 And he said it was a princess mummy.
 And he claimed that he knew that.
 He knew her identity, she was a doctrine of Egyptian priests.
 He knew that because of the side of the hieroglyphics
 on her sarcophagus.
 And then he unwrapped to unwrap to unwrap to him
 in front of a lot of people.
 And then they realized, actually, that it was a man.
 The princess had a rather large penis.
 That's where we get a pharaoh to from.
 The princess and the penis.
 It was embossed in this.
 And he explained that his era was due to the poor handwriting
 of the sideophagus.
 A bad Egyptologist always blames the hieroglyphs.
 That's funny.
 Have you had a mummy petigrew?
 What mummy petigrew was a guy called Thomas Petigrew.
 And he was just unrolled loads of mummies all the time.
 He was an Egyptologist.
 And he unrolled 14 of them.
 And he would do a six-part lecture series.
 And he would always save the unrolling for the very last lecture
 in the series to build up to it.
 Throughout it, I just found one sentence about it,
 which I wanted to share, which is that Petigrew's dramatic,
 erotically tinge unrollings became so popular
 that at one gathering, the Archbishop of Canterbury
 himself got squeezed out of the room.
 And then later on, he was asked to turn a Victorian duke
 into a mummy.
 The Duke of Helton was obsessed with mummies.
 And he said, will you mummify me after I die?
 I did, yeah, yeah.
 And he did it.
 But unfortunately, he didn't fit in the sarcophagus he'd had built.
 So they had to take off his feet.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, they were excavating the Tudon Cummings clothes.
 No, actually this was later on when they decided
 to recreate all his clothes.
 Then the person who was recreating them
 decided to tell her students, so the anyway,
 they could work out exactly how it worn them
 was by trying them all on himself themselves.
 So the students of this archeologist
 got to just try and all Tudon Cummings clothes.
 And they worked out that something they thought
 was a head dress was actually a pair of these things
 to be worn, the arms to form the wings of a falcon.
 Oh, absolutely.
 I don't know how you work that out.
 And it sounds a bit like they were just pissing it out.
 The head dress on their arm was made from ribbons.
 He was a very strange shape.
 I think he had a Tudon Cummings.
 All right.
 I think he had a congenital disease or something,
 because his hip measurements were extremely
 loved.
 It was sort of out of proportion with the rest of his body.
 And we don't know why.
 Well, much like Kate's and Will's.
 It was inbreeding.
 I'm talking about the fear of that.
 The fear of perhaps Kate and Will's.
 No, his parents were brother and sister.
 Yeah.
 I really like the-- so when you were saying
 the thing of unwrapping the mummies,
 that was a massive craze that the Victorians went through,
 where they suddenly were just digging up lots of mummies
 and using them, virtually everything.
 Railroads used to use them as fuel.
 No, that's much.
 I promise, that's not so.
 I was in America.
 Oh, but Mark Twain said that they did.
 And we think he was taken to Mickey.
 Oh, OK.
 Yeah.
 So how about the time traveler guy
 who went to King Arthur's Court?
 That's not a--
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've got some terrible news going
 about Phil and Ted Spokas journey.
 [LAUGHTER]
 How about mummy brown?
 Is that true?
 I think that's true.
 Mummy brown is amazing.
 Mummy brown was, if you haven't heard of it,
 is a-- it was a paint that artists would use.
 It was ground up mummy that would lead to a brown.
 And they would use them on their paintings.
 And a lot of people didn't.
 They just thought it was a cute name.
 And then someone explained, no, it's an actual mummy.
 And a lot of famous artists actually got quite disturbed by that.
 And buried the rest of the paint, giving it an honorable burial.
 But they just thought, well, there's a lot of stuff
 about persons going on in fact, then.
 And they didn't want that.
 But yeah, you get paints.
 I can't believe that.
 It's extraordinary.
 And they used it as a panacea as well
 that they would use this mummy.
 And then they would take it as a medicine for any illness.
 I think they used it.
 People in fees used it until the 20th century
 to heal bruises, which is amazingly cafeteria considering.
 It's just a bruise.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, why don't you don't need to heal bruises?
 You could get an imitation mummy as well,
 if you didn't have the real thing.
 And so you would, here's the ingredients.
 Take the carcass of a young man, some say red-haired,
 not dying of a disease.
 Let it live for 24 hours in clean water, cut the flesh into pieces,
 and add a little allow and invite for 24 hours
 in the spirit of wine and turpentine.
 It doesn't sound artificial to me.
 Sounds real.
 It's real, but not old.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 I was looking at very interesting, very old sites and very old rituals.
 But so the Vikings, they were buried on ships.
 I was even not at sea.
 And I read a really interesting theory
 that because they were often buried with decapitated animals.
 So the Osberg, Osberg Viking ship is one of the most famous Viking ships
 that's been on Earth.
 It was this woman.
 She was buried with ten decapitated horses.
 And I think a couple of decapitated dogs.
 And they think this is because they have the ships on land.
 But to get to the underworld, you have to sail.
 It was in order to create a convenient river of blood
 from your decapitated horses on which you could sail to the underworld.
 Wow.
 Grotesque.
 And also, so the first evidence of a ritual burial
 is from 28,000 years ago, of a burial where
 people were sort of buried with items.
 And it seemed like they believed in an afterlife.
 And it was two young boys.
 And they were buried with mammoth tusks over two years long.
 But they'd been straightened.
 And we don't know how they straightened them.
 So we think they'd boiled them and then straighten the mammoth tusks
 into a four feet long and just straight tusks.
 I trade my will as soon as I get it.
 That's what I want.
 And I'm ten decapitated horses and straightened the mammoth tusks.
 I read a thing that I want as well, for deaf, which is that.
 I was reading that.
 It's weird when you read like someone's deaf.
 You're like, whoa, I want that.
 It sounded really cool.
 Utsi, who was the oldest iceman that we found.
 He was made by Utsi, I don't know what period he was from.
 But he was complete.
 And they found everything on him.
 They found a bag which had magic mushrooms in it.
 They found he had shoes.
 He had socks.
 He had socks.
 But what's amazing is that they found them complete.
 And what they don't point out is that they
 have found other people who are complete.
 But Utsi's a rare case because he was just a whole thing.
 Sorry?
 Let's see.
 Let's see.
 Not the Q&A.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Thank you, though.
 Again, it was like, kind of the heckles.
 At John Wers, it's like, you're shit.
 Arcroud.
 Utsi, dickhead.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do I say it right?
 Let's see.
 So Utsi was found as a full body.
 But then I read about these other deaths,
 where they found other people.
 And basically, because of the way that tectonics and just
 the way that things shift, they found full bodies.
 But people have been splattered and cartoonified.
 You know, at the end of Roger Rabbit, where he splattered,
 because it's a long form?
 They found people that are like just fully
 like huge humans in a huge world.
 Like a bit of pressed flowers.
 Yeah, like some of the pressed humans.
 And that's how I want to go.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Which is what's great, what's going on?
 We're going to have to wrap up in a couple more minutes.
 Is there anything else you guys want to add?
 1/3 of the world's socks are made in a single city in China.
 The way.
 Yeah, the way.
 That's how it's called.
 But they get-- 1 foot.
 They come in pairs.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 What is 1/3 of 6?
 2.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [LAUGHTER]
 All right, we all can have the wrap up.
 So if you can have the wrap, thank you so much, everyone.
 Those are all of our friends.
 [APPLAUSE]
 If you want to hear more from our show,
 drop by online.
 If you want to get contacted any of us
 about the things that we've said, or pronunciations,
 you can get me on @strikerland on Twitter, James.
 Eggshaped Andy.
 I'm Drew Hunter, and Anna.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 OK, so that's it.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode from SoHo's
 Theater.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 Thank you so much, guys, for being here.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Have a good night.
 [APPLAUSE]
 One last week, we're going to go upstairs and get
 a very drunk, because if you'd like to join us, that'll be awesome.
 So yeah, hang around for a bit.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
