 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here
 with James Harkin, Anna Tijinski, and Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and once again, we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Anna.
 - My fact this week is that golden moulds shine
 in all the colors of the rainbow, and they'll never know it.
 - Oh, that's sad. - Wow.
 - It's what a tragic fact to open with.
 - Is it because they're stupid?
 They don't even know their moulds.
 Is this the reason I said?
 - They don't know their moulds.
 They don't have a concept of color.
 They don't know what a rainbow is.
 There's a lot of reasons why, but...
 - It made me wonder if there were things
 that we don't know about, you know what I mean?
 It's like, and we're not smart enough to know what they are.
 So it could be that there are amazing colors
 that no one knows what they are that we give off, or smells.
 - Yeah, so dogs are doing a podcast saying,
 did you know humans smell exactly like, I don't know,
 rotting mushrooms, and they'll never know it.
 (laughing)
 - They've got the word dickhead written on their forehead,
 and they have no idea.
 (laughing)
 - Anyway, so back to the old moulds.
 I read about them in this fantastic article
 in the London Review of Books.
 It's by Catherine Rondle, and this is about the golden mould,
 and it's the first known iridescent mammal.
 So iridescent means it shimmers, like, you know,
 when you spill petrol, or in soap bubbles,
 or a pigeon's neck.
 So they have this amazing fur,
 which is a very specific structure,
 which reflects and reflects light
 in a way that causes this rainbow effect to happen,
 but they are totally blind.
 So usually iridescence in nature is for attracting mates,
 or maybe warning off a predator to suggest
 that you're poisonous.
 But this serves absolutely no purpose whatsoever.
 They're underground almost the whole time.
 They do have eyeballs, weirdly.
 We think the optic nerve isn't really functioning anymore.
 They have eyeballs, but their eyeballs
 are covered with skin and fur, so aren't doing that much good.
 So yeah, they'll never know.
 And we think that it's possibly to repel water,
 this particular sheen,
 or it could be to help them skid through holes
 when they're digging holes in the sand.
 They can go really quickly,
 because they have these amazing scale-like things on them.
 But the colour is just a byproduct of that, right?
 Yeah, it's one of those accidental bits of evolution,
 which is surprisingly rare, exactly,
 so that they've evolved to have this very specific structure
 to make them slippery.
 And it happens, so that's all rainbow as well.
 So they live in the deserts of southern Africa,
 and I've seen videos of them
 and how they travel through the sand.
 But what's really funny is, when you're watching the videos,
 is they swim through the sand very close to the surface,
 so you know where they're going.
 It's like someone trying to escape jail
 by digging a tunnel under the outside,
 but doing it right at the surface.
 So you always know where they are.
 But they're really cool the way they hunt,
 because I think we may have seen the same thing, Dan.
 They come out of the ground,
 and then they hunt, because they're blind,
 they hunt by listening to the animals passing nearby,
 and they're mostly eating little insects and things.
 And the thing is, they can hear a lot better through sand
 than they can through air,
 so they'll just completely plunge their head into a pile of sand
 just to check where their prey is,
 and then they'll get a hear of its footsteps
 and then they'll move that way.
 It's really funny.
 They have, in your ear you have three little bones,
 you might remember, like the hammer, the anvil, and the stirrup,
 and their hammer is massive.
 It's like Thor's hammer inside their head.
 It's 10,000 times bigger than our hammer in our head.
 And the way that this helps them
 is when there are vibrations that come into their head,
 it resonates and it makes the sound way, way louder,
 which means they can hear specific frequencies
 really, really well.
 And so they can hear the frequency,
 which is about the same as wind rustling through grass,
 and they can hear that specific frequency really, really well.
 So when they're going around,
 they can just listen to where these tufts of grass are,
 and why is that useful?
 Because that's where the insects live.
 So they just hear this specific sound of wind going through grass,
 they know exactly where it is,
 and they head straight for it and they get their termites.
 It's so clever.
 Not so useful in the deserts of Southern Africa.
 What do you mean?
 Well, it's sandy.
 Yes, but they have little tufts of grass in the desert, right?
 And in those tufts of grass, that's where the termites live.
 The termites don't live in the sand,
 they live underneath the grass where there's a little bit of soil.
 So that's exactly where they need to get to.
 There aren't many of them around, you're right, but...
 It would be pretty silly for them to evolve this incredible ability
 in a bone 10,000 times the size of ours,
 if they lived in a completely featureless environment.
 It would be stupid if they evolved
 so they could only hear ice cream vans, for instance.
 Because you don't get many ice cream vans there,
 but you do get tufts of grass.
 Yeah. God, I bet they'd kill for an ice cream van, though.
 That's true. There's one part of their body that's a lot smaller
 than the bone in their middle ear, which is massive.
 It's their penis.
 Oh, here we go.
 So this is the disadvantage of being a golden mole,
 and it's very important to them.
 So there is a hot and hot golden mole,
 that's one of the species' names,
 and females prefer males with bigger penises.
 And the reason for that is that they have no other means
 of differentiating between males.
 They're all underground, they're all blind,
 there's no way of telling who's an appropriate mate or not,
 apart from penis size.
 And the whole penis is approximately
 a millimetre and a half long.
 It's not huge.
 Proportionally, is that OK?
 It's still quite small. It's still tiny.
 Proportionally, it's still small.
 It is quite, yeah.
 And they don't even have a scrotum,
 so they can't be judged on that.
 So the whole penis is between 1.2 and 2.5 millimetres long,
 which is a tenth of an inch.
 I mean, just to be clear,
 we're not judging them on anything, are we, Andy?
 Well, speak for yourself, I am.
 Just, just, just.
 There's not many people Andy can judge on this particular metric,
 but the one millimetre penis golden mole.
 You betcha.
 Those idiots with their even smaller penises.
 Just.
 Oh, my God.
 I was reading the other day.
 In fact, this might have been something that was written by you, Andy.
 I'm not sure about scrotums.
 And about how all mammals used to live.
 Sorry, has Andy been publishing scrotum papers
 in the background of this podcast?
 It's about how they're much too big at scrotums.
 And they make perfectly reasonable penises.
 Looks small.
 Right, it was about how all mammals used to live.
 Used to be nocturnal and used to hunt at night.
 And the reason was,
 one of the reasons was it was much colder at night.
 And if you were in the daytime, it was too hot.
 And if you didn't have a scrotum,
 your testicles would be inside your body and they get too hot.
 And so one of the things that allowed mammals to live during the day
 was scrotums, because then the testicles hung outside,
 which is a bit cooler,
 which meant they could spend time in the sunshine.
 Oh, wow.
 So without scrotums, we'd all be living at night.
 That's very cool.
 Yeah, great theory.
 Was that one of your papers, Andy?
 You don't seem to have a very good memory of it, of course.
 I write, to be honest,
 I write so many papers about the scrotum,
 but it's hard to differentiate them.
 And do they even like mating, though?
 Because they're super anti-social.
 In fact, all mammals are really anti-social, aren't they?
 But golden moles don't hang out together at all, massive loners.
 And I think they're quite bad parents.
 Again, in common with normal moles,
 which after when their kids are just a couple of weeks old,
 I think they literally take them in the burrow,
 they shove them up to the top and then they seal the entrance.
 So their baby is just then stranded and they've got a bugger off.
 You could say the golden moles,
 they are the massive loners with the tiny boners.
 That's how you can remember what they are.
 Yeah, that's a tagline.
 That's what you're chanting as you go through the desert,
 bullying them, isn't it?
 Yeah, moles like actual moles.
 You're right, they're really, they are loners.
 They don't like to go anywhere near each other.
 And each animal has a territory
 which is about the size of a football pitch.
 Whoa.
 That's a lot, isn't it?
 For each, for one mole.
 That's greedy.
 That's a lot of real estate.
 That's insane.
 We should say, yeah, the golden mole is extremely mole-like.
 And I think it should be a mole
 because it does everything that moles do.
 But it's actually not an official mole.
 It's miles away from it on the taxonomic tree
 and they're more closely related to elephants
 than they are to moles.
 And in fact, according to the Wikipedia page,
 it's at the moment classified as a chrysochloridite,
 but that's under review.
 So we're kind of unclear where we put them on the evolutionary tree.
 What does that mean?
 It just means that they're classified as something.
 But we're not really sure where they are.
 And, you know, we might move them to another bit of the tree.
 The Wikipedia page on them is really good.
 I don't know who wrote it, but some real expert.
 I guess you would have to be an expert on the golden mole
 to write about it.
 Yeah, I can.
 No, but some of, you know, it's, I just shout out to Wikipedia
 because it's very clearly written and comprehensive.
 It also has this fact, which I loved.
 They have only one toe on each forefoot,
 which has evolved into the shape of a pickaxe.
 And all the other toes on their front feet
 have kind of withered away.
 So they are so efficient at digging through the sand
 that they need to get through.
 Oh, cool. Yeah.
 And that actually is a bit different to moles, isn't it?
 Because moles have those kind of big paddles on their feet
 where they push through the sand.
 But the golden moles, because they swim more like a shark,
 they've got to be slicker.
 Yeah, they're sometimes known as the shark of the dunes, aren't they?
 Are they? Yeah.
 And I think that's because, like Dan says,
 they're so close to the surface.
 They've probably got one of their pickaxes sticking up.
 So you can, well, maybe even though one millimeter penis sticking up,
 out of the sand, so you can see it.
 That's when we're doing backstroke.
 I just got one thing on moles.
 In 1519, a community in Italy launched a massive court case
 against moles on the grounds that they were damaging crops.
 And you can read the full sort of transcript
 of what the attorney's arguments were against and for the moles.
 And so the attorney for the defense of the moles,
 the moles couldn't come to court.
 So the attorney spoke for them in absentia,
 said they confer all these benefits.
 So they destroy nocturnal insects, for instance.
 And he eventually argued successfully
 that if they are sentenced to be exiled,
 they should be found a suitable place of abode
 and have safe conduct on the way there
 to secure them from harm from cats and dogs, et cetera.
 And the judge is there, and you can read his ruling,
 where he did in fact agree the moles were to be exiled,
 but they were given safe conduct.
 And any pregnant mole or mole with young children
 had an extra 14 days to leave the community.
 There's no evidence as to how this was actually enforced afterwards.
 - Quite often what happened with those kind of things
 is they would say, okay, well, let's say for instance rats.
 There are rats here, we need to get rid of them.
 So we're gonna make a law to say they have to go within 14 days.
 And then when they haven't got in 14 days, they go,
 okay, well, we gave you a chance.
 We're now gonna exterminate you.
 - There's like killing God's creatures, isn't it?
 You have to give, 'cause you shouldn't be destroying
 too much of God's creation without having legal authority to do it.
 Mole prison would be amazing though.
 That would be a really fun thing to film,
 because obviously they'd all just tunnel away immediately.
 - The Great Escape would be a much longer film.
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that's my fact.
 My fact this week is that Mozart and Beethoven both compose music
 for an instrument made entirely of glass.
 It was invented by Benjamin Franklin.
 Benjamin Franklin invented what was an incredible instrument,
 hugely popular in the 1700s,
 and so massive that it was used by some
 of the biggest composers of the day.
 I had no idea there was a connection between Franklin
 and say Mozart and Beethoven.
 That's like, you know, hearing.
 - Come on, Franklin's connected to everyone.
 He was the Giles Brandrith officer.
 I mean, he knew everyone and he did everything.
 - So Dan, why don't you tell us about this glass instrument?
 Was it like a violin made of glass
 or a drum made of glass?
 That wouldn't work.
 - Yeah, so it's called an armonica,
 and effectively it's kind of like a glass piano.
 So Franklin in the 1700s was seeing a lot of people play glass bowls
 that are tuned to notes, which you still see a lot of people doing.
 You know that thing with the wine glass?
 If you lick your finger and you run it over the lid and it's...
 - Yeah, basically when the conversation dries up enough
 in a wedding, everyone starts doing that.
 - Yes, exactly.
 And so he thought this is really beautiful music
 and you can see people making tunes out of it.
 The problem is, is that if you were going to play that at a gig,
 you have to line up 50 glasses.
 It's not practical because you could smash one
 and suddenly that's your C note gone.
 So what he did was he created an instrument
 whereby he had a glassblower in London
 turn it into effectively like a piano that you play.
 - And just to say when you play it, it works by a foot pedal, right?
 So he made it horizontal.
 So usually you'd have the glasses standing up vertically,
 so you have to hold them down with one hand
 and we've all done it at dinner parties.
 But he put them horizontally and attached them more than a row
 and then you spun them round constantly with a foot pedal.
 So I think you just had to sort of...
 If you touched it with your hands, it would be constantly spinning.
 But then I can't work out where you put the jar of water.
 - I must watch a video of it
 because you've got to keep moistening your hands to keep it working.
 So presumably you have to dip it like a finger ball.
 - Yeah, you have to do that.
 Although quite soon afterwards,
 there was a new version that was made like an improvement
 where there was a little trough of water underneath the glasses.
 So when they span, they kind of got moistened by themselves,
 which is quite clever.
 - That's crafty.
 - It went from being a hugely popular instrument
 to suddenly a lot of controversy
 because people started noticing a few things about it
 and reporting that it was sending people mad.
 - Oh yeah, that's right.
 - Yeah, and that in some cases,
 a few deaths were supposedly off the back of it.
 And suddenly books were publishing
 that this was a dangerous instrument.
 And then suddenly they were saying
 it was the most dangerous instrument in the world.
 And its reputation... - It's really unfair.
 - Yeah, it's extraordinary.
 It basically, fake news took it down as an instrument.
 And there was a lot of theory that possibly there's a bit of truth
 to why people were sent mad,
 which was off the back of the instrument itself
 and licking your fingers on an instrument all the time.
 - So the theory was that there were crystal balls
 and they were on this harmonica spindle.
 And they contain some lead.
 And some people thought maybe the lead from the balls,
 'cause you can play with both hands.
 If you haven't broad enough span,
 you can play 10 notes at the same time.
 It's quite impressive.
 And people thought you can maybe absorb lead into your fingers
 if that kills you, blah, blah, blah, lead poisoning.
 However, it has also been pointed out
 that this is unbelievably unlikely.
 Because at the time that the harmonica was being played,
 doctors widely prescribed massive doses of lead
 for various ailments.
 Food was preserved with lead oxide.
 Food was cooked in lead pots.
 People drank from lead vessels.
 Like the main lead risk in the 18th century
 was not the glass harmonica.
 (all laughing)
 - I think it's just 'cause it was spooky.
 - It makes a very ethereal noise.
 And also it was used by podcast favourite Franz Mesmer,
 wasn't it? - Yes.
 - So he used to go around mesmerizing people.
 We've talked about him before, hypnotizing people.
 And he used the harmonica
 because it does make this very ghostly noise.
 And so it was associated with hypnotizing ladies.
 It's always ladies.
 It's just all part of the constant 19th century panic
 that anything women did that might be slightly challenging
 or might slightly encroach on the world of men
 must send them mad and cause them to faint
 so they should be banned from doing it.
 - But actually all the best players of this instrument
 were women, right?
 So the first person to publish a book about it
 was called Anne Ford.
 She published it in 1761.
 She was married to a friend of Gainsborough
 who was called Philip Thickness,
 which is quite a good name.
 And she was the person who actually came up
 with the idea of turning the glasses
 into an actual instrument.
 Whether Franklin took the idea from her and did it
 or whether they came up with independently, I don't know.
 But there was also someone called Marianne Davis
 who was the most famous player,
 probably in the whole of Europe.
 And she went around Europe and taught it.
 And like Mozart met her and Mesmer, I think,
 watched her play and then decided
 to bring it into his mesmerization and stuff.
 So she was super famous.
 - Yeah, there was a double Marianne.
 It was a Marianne sandwich,
 although not with anything in the middle
 'cause she was the one who popularized it in Europe.
 And then maybe the best player of ever
 was this German lady called Marianne Kirchgesner.
 And Mozart towards the end of his life
 wrote lots of stuff specifically for her on the Armonica.
 And actually when he died,
 he was in the middle of writing her another piece.
 And she was very famous.
 She was another jazz brand.
 She sort of knew everyone like Goethe and Haydn.
 But maybe there was some truth
 to the Armonica cursing people
 because she had sort of a nervous breakdown.
 - Yeah, in fact, all of the people who played it
 in the 18th century, all dead.
 That was such a good fight.
 - Marianne Kirchgesner was assaulted
 by Napoleon's soldiers in 1806.
 And she never really recovered from that.
 So that was more the cause of her nervous breakdown,
 I think, rather than the instrument.
 - Yeah, there's a great line about it from 1786.
 This is a German player called Karl Röhlig.
 He said that the Armonica could make women faint,
 send a dog into convulsions,
 make a sleeping girl wake screaming
 through a cord of the diminished seventh
 and even cause the death of one very young.
 And that was the guy who played it for a living.
 - Yeah. - Like a recommendation.
 - I think someone actually did die, didn't they?
 At the time that someone was playing a glass Armonica
 and it was like a cause and effect thing.
 Everyone was like, oh my God,
 it must have been glass Armonica that caused it.
 And that was like the start of the big sort of banning it.
 They banned it in churches and stuff like that.
 Didn't they in Germany?
 - So Dan, you mentioned that Franklin picked up
 this glass Armonica idea
 by watching people play musical wine glasses.
 And he actually did that in Britain.
 So in Britain and Ireland,
 this was an extremely popular musical instrument
 before Franklin made it vaguely acceptable
 to the rest of the world.
 There would be concert halls that filled out with people
 just spinning their fingers around wine glasses.
 And the most famous player was this amazing guy
 called Richard Puckridge or Puckridge.
 You know, there are various spellings.
 But have you guys read about him?
 He's amazing. - He's amazing.
 I love him.
 He's the best. - He's super fun.
 So he was a self proclaimed inventor of musical glasses.
 He spent, he had all sorts of crazy ideas
 for how to make us fortune.
 So he designed wings for human flight.
 Don't think they took off.
 He said, he had this idea.
 He wrote this paper about how you could regain youth
 by injecting yourself with the blood of young maids.
 And so he recommended blood transfusions
 between young maids and anyone over 60.
 - Just on that.
 So when he came up with that idea,
 people took him quite seriously, some people.
 And there was a big kind of hoo-ha
 in the burial industry and the funeral industry.
 Cause they were like, well,
 if people are going to live forever,
 then what are we going to do for a living?
 And so he supposedly agreed that everyone
 who was having this treatment would sign a contract
 that as soon as they reached 999 years old,
 they would have to pay a funeral company
 for the price of a burial.
 - Wow. - Oh my God.
 - I think they discussed that in parliament, didn't they?
 That was their token nod to what?
 His ridiculous idea.
 - It's such a funny idea.
 But what do the funeral people do for the first 900 years?
 They're looking at that money.
 It's so weird.
 - I think they discussed that in parliament, didn't they?
 That was their token nod to what his ridiculous idea.
 I liked, he had an account once of doing a concert
 where three hours before the performance,
 he was going to do a concert on his glasses,
 which was quite fragile.
 And three hours before the performance,
 a large, unmanly pig entered the room
 and smashed the whole machine to pieces.
 - That's an excuse for someone who hasn't done the homework,
 hasn't learned the piece that they're going to need to play.
 They have a brilliant brainwave, they think, get me a pig.
 - Sorry, a pig at my instrument.
 It's like, there was another thing I saw.
 It was a newspaper article.
 He took out an advert to apologize
 because he'd done a concert that everyone thought was terrible.
 And the advert said, "Mr. Potkrich takes this opportunity
 "to apologize to the public for their disappointment.
 "He added a glass too much to his instrument."
 And I can't tell whether that means he put one glass in there
 and it meant all his notes were off,
 or whether it's a euphemism for, "I got really pissed
 "and I couldn't do the concert."
 It sounds like it doesn't it? - I think it's that, yeah.
 - That's true. - That's so good.
 Another band instrument during the early 1900s
 was the saxophone, Nazi Germany bandit.
 They saw it as a symbol of jazz.
 So it wasn't that it was turning you
 into a different mental state.
 It was purely that they didn't like it at all.
 But church's bandit as well in the early 1900s,
 the Vatican bandit in 1914.
 And I just love, I've never thought of a saxophone
 being in the Vatican church. - No.
 - Sort of busting out a solo.
 What an image, but yeah, they banned it.
 So maybe we'll never get to see it.
 Obviously there was the thought that it suggested
 and promoted sexual dancing.
 So that was a thing that they wanted to avoid as well.
 - That is like a church sort of banning gangster rap
 in churches though, isn't it?
 It's like people going,
 "We weren't going to do this anyway, guys.
 Don't worry about it."
 - It's like me as a 14-year-old banning supermodel
 from my birthday party.
 There was never any prospect.
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that envelopes used to be made of clay.
 - Wow, so...
 - That must have been a hard job
 being a postman in those days, right?
 - Yeah, so this was...
 We're used to envelopes being made of paper, obviously.
 What we think of as the classic material for them,
 but it's not, it's not the original.
 So this is in Babylonian era times,
 in 2000 BC, give or take,
 what you would do if you were writing a message to someone,
 you would write a message on a clay tablet,
 and that would dry,
 and then that would be the thing that you were sending,
 but you wouldn't send that just open
 because anyone could read it.
 So you needed an envelope,
 and to make that, you would put more wet clay
 over the tablet, press the ends together to seal it,
 and then you put the whole thing in a kiln, bake it,
 and then you send that massive baked package of clay,
 and the recipient has to smash it open,
 the outer envelope, to receive the tablet
 that's on the inside, and that's what you do.
 - That's a pretty exciting way of opening a letter, isn't it?
 Smashing it with a hammer. - It is.
 - Yeah.
 - I always think sometimes I rip the end off an envelope
 to get the inside rather than opening it up with the seal,
 and I always think I'm pretty cool when I do that,
 but this is even better.
 - Just imagine this is the next level, yeah?
 Imagine what fun you would have had
 if they'd been in Babylonia.
 (laughing)
 - For people's birthdays must have been interesting,
 'cause I mean, you just spent about six hours
 beasing away at clay.
 - There really aren't very many samples
 of these things around,
 'cause obviously they were designed to be smashed on delivery.
 There are some, thank goodness, but yeah.
 - Yeah, because Pierce Fletcher,
 the producer of QI's got one.
 - Has he?
 - Yeah, he bought one when he was in,
 I think he was in Iraq or something many, many years ago,
 but he bought one.
 It's dated to 2028 BC.
 He knows when it's dated to,
 and he says you can see the thumbprint
 left of the person who put it in the kiln
 on the thing, which gives it some kind of human touch,
 but he says that it was an invoice
 for a consignment of animal fodder,
 which is not exactly the most exciting thing,
 'cause none of us can read Cuneiform,
 which is what it was written in, right?
 So he might as well have said it was a love letter
 to someone or something, but.
 (laughing)
 - They very rarely were, they weren't they?
 It was all accounting.
 I'm glad you clarified why he has it,
 'cause genuinely I thought that was just a dig
 at Pierce Fletcher's age,
 'cause he is a middle-aged man.
 I just thought you were claiming that's how he--
 - He got it for his 21st birthday.
 He's got a few of them, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Didn't it used to be the case as well
 that a lot of these, and it was Sumerian
 and Babylonian, wasn't it?
 And they'd have the same stuff written on the outside
 as on the inside.
 So a lot of the time they were used
 as protection against fraud.
 And so these are the very oldest ones.
 Basically, you'd have a record of a transaction,
 like I've sold you this many bumblebees
 for this many dinars, and you put that in your clay,
 and then you sealed it up,
 and then you wrote exactly the same thing on the envelope.
 And the way it worked was, when the recipient got it,
 if there was a dispute over whether the envelope
 had been tampered with, then you smashed it open
 to check the inside.
 - Oh, okay.
 - It was to make sure they were the same inside and out,
 'cause otherwise you could melt the clay, soften it,
 and then change--
 - Oh, put an extra zero on.
 I wanted this many dinars, very crap.
 - Or this many bees. - Exactly.
 - Yeah, it's very open to dispute.
 You get a lot of envelopes that you can see
 in like postage museums that have got holes punched in them,
 and that's because they used to fumigate them
 when there were pandemics
 and when there were diseases going around.
 So like, for instance, when there was yellow fever around,
 people would put little holes in,
 and they would fire like formaldehyde gas or smoke
 or whatever to try and kill the pathogens.
 And if you send a letter to any zip code in America
 that begins 202, 203, 204, or 205,
 then it will be irradiated before it gets there.
 And that's because they are the zip codes of Washington, DC,
 around the federal agencies,
 and they go to a special place
 where they're put on a conveyor belt
 and they're fired radiation at them,
 which will kill any bacteria, any viruses, anthrax,
 all that kind of stuff.
 Then they're aired out and then they're sent.
 So if you're Donald Trump and you get a letter,
 it's gonna be quite faded and crispy
 and a little bit yellow.
 That's all his mail is gonna be a little bit like that
 because it's gone through this process.
 Yeah, it's so cool.
 And that was a response, wasn't it, to the anthrax spores
 that they were put in the post in Washington in about 2001.
 And five people died,
 and there were lots of facilities contaminated,
 so this is kind of their way of dealing with that.
 Apparently, people who work at the Royal Mail say,
 one of the serious problems they have,
 the sorters who have to sort through the envelopes,
 is that people don't seal their envelopes.
 And there's lots of complaining about this online,
 and they say it's very annoying
 because often you have to match a card with its envelope
 and it's hard to do.
 I imagine there are lots of sort of missent things
 where the wrong card's been put in the wrong envelope.
 And they don't know why people do it,
 but there's speculation that it's based on the old paper rate.
 So this was something that was abolished in 1969,
 but I believe Piers Fletcher formerly mentioned
 "Centre of Cuneiform Tablets" does remember it.
 He's posted about this on the forums before.
 And this was, if you wanted to send printed matter,
 like newspapers or pamphlets, it was just a hate me.
 So it was a reduced price.
 But you had to send it an unsealed envelope,
 and then the postman would open the envelope,
 check that you hadn't put anything
 other than a newspaper in there,
 and then seal the envelope up after that.
 And if you send a sealed envelope,
 then you'd have to pay extra.
 So there's the idea that there are still some people out there
 who think that maybe you'll only have to pay a hate me
 if you leave the envelope unsealed.
 But yeah, cheaper to not.
 - No, who is still paying a hate penny for their stamps?
 Other than Piers Fletcher, producer of QI,
 who is doing that?
 - It's hard to say.
 - On the kind of unexpected antiquity of things,
 you know the window envelope?
 And that's the one where you've got a little plastic window
 so you can double up.
 You don't need to write the address on the envelope
 because it's part of the letter that you're being sent.
 - You're not going to tell us they did that
 with Cuneiform Tablets, are you?
 - No.
 When do you think that was invented?
 - Well, I would say in the '50s.
 - Thanks, James. Good guess.
 - The '90s.
 - '90s? Brilliant.
 Even better guess, for my purposes, Anna.
 - I think I've got window envelopes at my house
 from before the '90s.
 I feel like I'd be cheated because I also researched this.
 - Okay, okay.
 Well, hey, Anna, who was writing window envelopes to you
 when you were two years old and you were needed?
 - I was a very professional toddler.
 - They were designed, first designed in 1901
 and patented in 1902.
 They're older than powered flight,
 which I find very weird.
 - You find it impressive that we had the technology
 that windowed envelopes before powered flight.
 - I've got to say, Andy,
 do you think the Wright brothers,
 when they first flew at Kitty Hawk,
 everyone went, "Yeah, but it's not a windowed envelope."
 Who is it?
 Come on, mate.
 There is a guy in Sweden who's scared of them.
 He has a phobia of window envelopes.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, he was in court a few years ago.
 Basically, he'd been driving his scooter unregistered
 and without a license.
 And so they sent him letters saying,
 "You need to pay a fine, old ever."
 But he says he had a phobia of window envelopes.
 And so he never opened any of them.
 And the court partially ruled in his favor,
 saying he didn't know what was inside them.
 And he just didn't like these official things.
 He thought it might be something really bad.
 - He did get all the money together for the fine,
 but then this massive pig came into the room.
 - Hey, all the money.
 (laughing)
 - So speaking of eating,
 you used to be able to eat the windowed envelopes,
 didn't you?
 - What?
 - First, in the original 1902 patent,
 just the window bit was made of rice paper.
 - Yeah, don't eat the whole envelope.
 - Don't eat the whole envelope, absolutely not.
 But that would solve a lot of problems today
 'cause they really irritate me
 'cause they're not recyclable, aren't they?
 'Cause you can't recycle.
 - No, they are recyclable.
 No, this is one of the big, modern myths of society.
 - It's the biggest. - Oh, God.
 (laughing)
 - Anna, what have you done?
 You've destroyed literally millions of windowed envelopes.
 - I know because you've been getting these envelopes
 since you were two years old.
 (laughing)
 - They are recyclable.
 - I always ate the window.
 (laughing)
 - Rice paper is not see-through, I don't think.
 It's almost see-through, but it's not really see-through.
 - So I think they weren't as good probably
 in the other days, the original patent.
 It was quite translucent rather than transparent.
 - Also, if it gets wet, it just disintegrates.
 - Another flaw.
 (laughing)
 - Well, then you can see the address better.
 So that's actually quite useful.
 (laughing)
 - Do you know you used to be able to buy stamps
 from post boxes?
 - Wow.
 - This is another era
 that producer of QI Pierce Fletcher might remember.
 This was in the 1930s and again, quite a short live.
 - He does actually listen to these podcasts.
 Can I just say?
 - I know he does.
 - He's going to be so excited.
 James is going to talk about my Babylonian cuneiform.
 Come round, family.
 Come round.
 Everyone sit down.
 - Come round, grandchildren.
 Great, grandchildren.
 Great, great, grandchildren.
 Great, great, great grandchildren.
 (laughing)
 Well, as you'll remember in the 1930s,
 post boxes were stamp vending machines.
 And if they had the word stamp engraved on them,
 you could put a penny in
 and you automatically got two stamps out of it.
 But they actually were abolished
 because they kept on just eating people's pennies
 and not dispensing the stamps.
 Nice idea though.
 - Very nice. - Very cool idea.
 Can I tell you my favorite envelope story from 2020?
 - Yep. - Of course.
 - We've all got one.
 - Yep, so this was in Ohio.
 A man called Dan Kane went to the post office
 to pick up a letter he was expecting
 from the College Avenue student loan company.
 His daughter's tuition fee,
 it was a loan repayment scheme that he was doing.
 So he went to pick up the letter
 and when he got there,
 he was told that there wasn't one letter for him.
 But due to an administrative error,
 the college had sent him not one,
 but 55,000 letters of the exact same letter.
 - Wow.
 - There were 79 bins of a mail
 that contained roughly 700 copies
 of the exact same letter addressed to him
 and he had to bring them home.
 He had to take them home with him.
 - No. - Yeah.
 And when he got home, he opened it up
 to actually get the amount
 'cause he needed to pay back this loan
 and worked out that the company had accidentally
 used the wrong interest rate
 and they calculated the payment wrong.
 So they were gonna have to send him another letter
 with the right amount.
 - That's amazing.
 - Yeah, and he worked out that roughly,
 it would have cost them about,
 or if someone worked out,
 it would have cost them 11,000 American dollars
 to have posted that mail. - Although,
 imagine how much worse that would have been
 in the days of play envelope.
 - Do you wanna know what my favorite story
 from 2015 about envelopes is?
 - Yes. - Oh yeah, we all got one.
 - I sort of rather have your 2020 one if I'm okay.
 - I'm afraid I don't have one.
 In 2015, there was a guy in Gloucestershire
 who got a Christmas card that just said,
 "England on the envelope."
 He was walking down the road
 and the postman said to him,
 "I don't suppose you're expecting anything
 "from Germany, are you?"
 And he said, "Well, I've got a few friends in Germany."
 And he said, "Well, do you wanna have a look at this?
 "It just says England on it."
 And he looked and on the back,
 it was the address of his friends in Germany
 and he opened it up and it was a Christmas card
 from his friends in Germany.
 - What? - Wow.
 - And he said, "How did you know it was for me?"
 And the postman said, "Oh, I was just wandering around
 "and I've just been asking people."
 - I've tried to be asking millions of people.
 - It was from Christmas 1993
 and he'd finally made it to that town.
 - Wasn't that amazing?
 And what they reckon is, - That is insane.
 - This is what they reckon happened.
 Probably it used to have the correct address on
 and then it said England at the bottom,
 but maybe it was on a label and the label peeled off.
 So it got to the right area.
 It got to the right post office,
 but it hadn't gotten the actual final address on it.
 And so this postman goes,
 "Well, I might as well just try everyone that I see
 "and just ask just in case."
 And he managed to find the right person.
 - I'm just sort of imagining a guy
 with a beard down to the floor in a ragged clothes
 who lost his job 25 years ago,
 just stumbling down the road.
 Is it you?
 I found him.
 - He eventually opens it when he's desperate,
 works out it's for him.
 (laughing)
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show
 and that is James.
 - My fact this week is that in 1939,
 America made a huge vehicle to drive across Antarctica.
 Unfortunately, they put no tread on the tires
 so it couldn't drive on ice.
 - Amazing. - This is so cool.
 It's a thing called a snow cruiser.
 And they knew that they wanted to drive across Antarctica
 and they knew that they would need
 something absolutely massive to do so
 'cause they wanted to drive it out somewhere
 and then do a load of experiments when they were in there.
 And so they invented this enormous machine.
 It was in the middle of America where they invented,
 I think somewhere near Boston.
 And they had to get it from Boston to the boat
 and then from the boat to Antarctica
 and then from the Antarctic boat
 to the middle of Antarctica to do these things.
 And they got it all the way to the Antarctic
 and they realized that the wheels were just spinning round
 whenever they tried to go anywhere.
 They added some chains to it to try and get a bit of grip
 and that was slightly better.
 But they found out that the only way they could get anywhere
 was to drive the whole thing in reverse.
 And so they drove in reverse for 92 miles
 to the middle of the Antarctic and they got there
 and they could start doing some experiments
 but they couldn't really get it back.
 And so they ended up just leaving it there.
 - So amazing. - Incredible.
 - Which poor person had a horrendously cricked neck
 after doing that journey? - So bad, isn't it?
 - 92 miles. - And you can just drive,
 anyway, I mean, you can just drive backwards, can't you?
 You don't need to look around, it's Antarctica.
 What are you going to bump into?
 You're going to bump into penguins
 or big lumps of ice or something, right?
 - It just sounds hilarious,
 the process of getting it there in the first place, right?
 There's this photo of transporting it
 'cause I think it left from Boston
 but it was made in Chicago,
 maybe it was transported from Chicago.
 And so to get to Boston, it had to drive
 and it just drove along ordinary roads
 and there was this huge pile up
 'cause there's this giant 55 foot long,
 it's wheels are twice, three times the height
 of a normal car, just sitting in the middle of a motorway.
 Well, the car's around it, like, what the hell is this thing?
 - They stopped in a place called Framingham
 in Massachusetts on the way
 and they just stopped it in the middle of the road
 and so there was a traffic jam of 70,000 cars behind it.
 - Wow.
 - It was cool, it had a plane on it,
 it had a biplane on the roof for research.
 So it needed to carry a thousand gallons of fuel,
 just to fuel the plane.
 And then it needed obviously thousands more gallons
 of fuel all over it.
 And it had to have two spare tyres
 but the tyres were 10 feet tall.
 So they were just in the back.
 - Yeah, each tyre had to be transported by dog sled.
 - There's a brilliant picture on the Atlantic website
 of 14 dogs pulling a single tyre
 that just shows how big it was that they had to do that.
 - And they had to go backwards as well,
 that was the really dead end of the dog.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - And on that, in that article actually,
 there is a photo of it abandoned
 just after they decided, look, we're not gonna take it back.
 And then there's a later photo
 where it's kind of slightly buried by snow.
 And then there's a final photo
 where it's almost completely buried by snow.
 And there's like a little hatch
 where people can go in and out.
 And then someone went back like in the '40s
 to see if it was still there and they could find it.
 And actually it was kind of, they could still use it really.
 I mean, they couldn't really use it much in the first place
 but it was still kind of working.
 And they found it again in the '50s in 1958.
 But now they literally don't know where it is.
 And it's probably covered under some snow
 or it might have drifted off on an iceberg or something
 but we literally don't know where this thing is.
 - Wow, it's amazing.
 - Maybe some penguins have made it into a home.
 - Oh, that would be nice, wouldn't it?
 - So lovely. - Yeah.
 There's one theory that the Soviets knew where it was
 and they went back and stole it.
 - Why? It's useless.
 Guys, do you know the first motorized vehicle
 in Antarctica as far as I know?
 - No.
 - It actually went with Shackleton.
 - Oh, really?
 - Yeah, so this was in his first Antarctica expedition
 in 1907 and it was an Aral Johnston car
 which were the makers of the first cars in Britain.
 It was basically a big bit of PR for the car.
 So quite inconvenient for the actual expedition.
 It did have, it had skis and it had special oil
 that didn't freeze and it had a silencer on the exhaust
 that doubled as a foot warmer.
 So it siphoned the warm air round to the front
 to where your feet are. - That's clever.
 - But they took it with them
 and so they had to bring it on the boat.
 They had to unload some of their crucial supplies
 and equipment from the boat to make room for this car.
 They brought it with them.
 They got it off the boat, put it on the snow
 and much like James' vehicle he mentioned
 they started spinning the wheels
 and they just went deeper and deeper into the snow.
 They thought, okay, we'll, we'll target with this for a bit.
 Maybe we'll get it working.
 They lasted two miles of pulling it along with them
 before Shackleton's crew went,
 can we just leave this chat behind please?
 They abandoned it in the snow.
 But yeah, first car in the Antarctic.
 - There was a car in the Antarctic
 from a Shackleton very recently.
 It was Patrick Bergl who was Shackleton's great-grandson.
 You guys must have read about this.
 It was a modified Hyundai Santa Fe
 but he actually did manage to get it working, right?
 So they said that the only modification was
 that they made the tires really, really big
 and really, really loads of air inside.
 So it's as much as you could like,
 it could roll over your foot and you wouldn't feel it.
 That's how much air was in the tires.
 And that meant that it would never sink
 into the ground.
 And I imagine they had a lot of tread on there as well.
 And they said that basically this is exactly like
 a normal Hyundai Santa Fe apart from these tires.
 But then they did say,
 oh, there is one other modification
 that it runs on jet fuel.
 But the reason is 'cause jet fuel doesn't freeze
 quite as easily as normal fuel.
 - Ah-ha.
 But with that in that kind of atmosphere,
 lessen its punch when you put down the accelerator?
 - Yeah, they went on the average about 25 miles an hour,
 I think, all the time. - Oh, okay, wow.
 - Well, that must have taken ages.
 'Cause they went, did they go all the way across?
 - They went 5,800 kilometres across.
 Whether they went to the very end,
 I think they might have gone to the middle and back.
 - I bet that was dull.
 I bet it was exciting for the first couple of hours.
 And then old Shappenton's great grandson thought,
 what was my grandad thinking?
 - Didn't he work in, he's a marketing executive this guy.
 - Yeah.
 - He's not a ponder explorer.
 - No.
 - No.
 - He just had to sit in a passenger seat of a car
 to be there for a few weeks.
 - They've basically gone, we have a car which can do this.
 Anyone can do it really.
 Who can we get to do it?
 Does any of them have any relatives left,
 the people who went in the first place?
 But they did have one thing, sorry,
 just on this really quickly.
 They did have one thing where they had a number
 of these vehicles going across
 and they had to be roped together.
 Because like you said, there can be crevasses.
 And apparently one of them did fall into a crevasse,
 but luckily it was kind of roped to all the other cars
 so they could pull it out.
 So it was kind of dangerous I think.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, definitely.
 - That's very self-sacrificing of the other cars.
 'Cause it could happen the other way, right?
 If the cross is big enough
 and you're in the front car and you've made it over
 and then you're dragged back in by the tailgaters.
 - What, come on Anna.
 I mean, you're a team going across.
 I'm tactic, you're like like, fuck it, I'm in the front car.
 The rest of them could do what they want.
 - I think we've learned in the "Touching the Void" episode
 of "No such thing as a fish", he was cutting the rope.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, I don't have the right attitude
 for polar expeditions.
 - This fact is about driving backwards.
 I found the guy who's driven backwards
 for the longest time, okay.
 There is a taxi driver in India called Harpreet Dev
 who has driven everywhere backwards
 for about a decade now.
 He's a-
 - Does this mean that at the end,
 on your meter, on your taxi,
 he ends up having to give you money at the end?
 - So he's been issued with a special government license
 to drive anywhere in reverse in his home state.
 And he has a big old siren on his cab to warn people,
 but it's so surreal seeing footage of him
 just driving around backwards all the time.
 He's reversed the gearbox, so he's got, you know,
 five gears in reverse and one forward.
 And he says that the only disadvantage
 to this great career he's got
 is that he gets frequent pains in the neck,
 extremely bad back problems,
 and suffers what he calls severe vomiting.
 - Oh man.
 - I know.
 - The worst thing about that with the severe vomiting
 is he's facing in the direction of his passengers, isn't he?
 - You'd pull the glass window.
 - I definitely must have missed the detail there.
 Why is he driving backwards, sorry?
 - No, you didn't miss it.
 - No, you didn't, you did not miss the detail.
 He thought it would be fun and he thought it would be a fun gimmick.
 - And then despite the dangers of it,
 the government of the area also thought that was a great idea
 and gave him license.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 I think if one person is doing something extremely weird
 and dangerous, but everyone else knows he's doing it at least,
 then everyone else can mitigate their actions to help him, right?
 - It's written on the side of the cab
 that this is a backwards taxi.
 - I think you can see that when he's coming towards you.
 - Yeah, he did try to drive backwards to Pakistan to promote peace,
 but he did not have the permission to cross the border,
 so he was sent home again.
 - Right.
 - We were talking about people going across Antarctic a few seconds ago.
 The first person to walk solo across Antarctica
 only brought one pair of underwear for the entire 38-day trip,
 and unfortunately, he shit himself on day 16.
 - I'm impressed he held it in that long.
 - Day 14 of Antarctic journey, going great so far.
 Day 15, still absolutely not regretting my underpanned decision.
 Day 16.
 Oh, no.
 - The thing is, before he set off,
 he did an interview with Business Insider,
 and he said that he was only bringing one pair of underwear,
 and he was going to use the weight that he could take.
 He was going to use it for food,
 so he's like, "I don't need the underwear, I just need food,"
 which kind of makes sense without the idea of retrospect,
 of realising that it didn't.
 And what happened was, it was the food that was a problem,
 obviously, it is always the food that's a problem in that situation,
 but he- - He shouldn't have taken Vindaloo for every moment.
 - He took these things, he was called Colin O'Brady,
 and he took these 1,180-calorie Colin bars
 that had been made especially for him,
 and so they had loads of protein, loads of good stuff in them,
 and he was just going to eat these bars all the way across.
 But one morning, he just got the munchies,
 and he just started eating all of these Colin bars.
 They could take coconut oil, nuts, dried cranberries, cocoa powder,
 and he decided to eat just loads and loads of them,
 and he had about 2,000 calories worth in one go,
 which is about the equivalent of eight Big Macs.
 And then the next morning, well, you all know what happened.
 - Wow. - It's not exhibiting
 the kind of self-control you expect,
 but he, O'Colin, is a very controversial figure
 in Antarctic Lloyds, certainly is, yeah.
 Because, so he claims to be the first person
 to have crossed the Antarctic, fully unassisted and unsupported,
 so that originally went to this Norwegian guy called Borge Auslan,
 and that was in the '90s, I think,
 but then they changed the definition to say that unsupported
 had to mean without even a kite.
 So Borge had used a kite on two occasions,
 very, very briefly, to get himself sort of out of Snowdrift.
 Can we just explain how that works,
 because it sounds like he's just having a bit of fun with a kite.
 Sounds really fun.
 Was he allowed to take his yo-yo with him, though?
 Sorry, it's for transport.
 It's not like you stop, you fancy a hobby.
 So I guess you're on your sled or whatever,
 and you harness the wind that's going in the right direction
 to pull you along with your kite,
 or to help you to give you a bit of extra oomph.
 And he travelled a lot further to do his trip
 than O'Brady, who's just done his.
 And a lot of people see Borge
 as the person who really achieved this.
 And O'Brady's quite a self-promoter,
 and he's written this book where he says everyone said it couldn't be done,
 and National Geographics interviewed everyone who advised him.
 They were all like, "No, we told him it's pretty simple,
 yeah, pretty straightforward."
 And it was like, "There were times I was told
 they wouldn't be able to rescue me."
 And then someone's done an interview saying,
 "Getting rescued in the Antarctic is kind of like
 ordering an Uber these days.
 You just call someone up and you can't get you out of there."
 It's very hard to see on the Uber map, though,
 because against a featureless white background,
 he could be two minutes away, he could be three days.
 Fortunately, there's a huge shit stain in the snow next to him.
 He cleaned his pants.
 You were saying about you could use the wind with these kites.
 Do you know how you can tell which way the wind is going in Antarctica?
 No.
 Well, there's a few ways.
 You can just lick your finger and hold it up.
 But not if you want to keep the finger.
 That's true, yeah.
 One almost foolproof way is to look at which way the penguins are pointing.
 So if there is a storm coming in Antarctic,
 the penguins will drop to their bellies,
 and they will point their beaks in the direction that the wind's going to come,
 because they know there's a storm coming,
 and they don't want to get blown over.
 I was reading this, this was an Antarctic scientist called Lizzie Meek,
 who was writing about this.
 But isn't that cool?
 You could just see which way the little penguins are pointing.
 That was really funny.
 That's great.
 Do you know who the first person, possibly,
 to set foot on the Antarctic continent might have been?
 Was it QI producer Piers Fletcher?
 This is so random, but I just came across this in my notes I found ages ago.
 There was this amazing discovery in the 1980s,
 where some bones were found in Antarctica.
 And until then, we thought that the very first Antarctic landing
 was a sealing expedition in 1820.
 And they found these bones,
 and they've dated them to somewhere between 1815 and 1825.
 And they are the bones of a 21-year-old Indigenous Chilean woman,
 which is just extraordinary,
 because no one had gone near the continent we didn't think until then.
 And suddenly, there's this young Chilean woman there.
 No one knows where on earth she's come from or how she got there.
 There's a suggestion that maybe the sealers who were European sealers
 had found someone from Chile who would know
 more on how to survive in that kind of environment
 and taken her with them, then left her.
 But we just have no idea.
 So I just find that incredible, mystery.
 Yeah.
 I found a page on Wikipedia,
 which is the list of crimes in Antarctica.
 Because, as we were saying before,
 there's all these sort of, you know,
 to the point where you can order an Uber
 to get rescued.
 It's all these research stations that are planted.
 I don't think you can order an Uber to get rescued.
 Yeah.
 Well, it'll arrive backwards, that's the thing.
 Sorry, what I meant is it's the point of you could almost,
 in theory, it's sort of got that sort of dense with places.
 And yeah, so there's all these, you know,
 research units where scientists are hauled up for ages.
 And as a result, there's a big list of the crimes
 that they've committed, which is always really hard,
 because they're isolated for so long.
 But the first crime on the list was from 1959.
 And it was in a Soviet research station.
 And it was between two scientists
 who got into a massive argument,
 then fight over a game of chess.
 And it just got so heated that the guy who lost,
 became enraged, was said to have picked up an ice axe
 and attacked the guy.
 And it's really hard to tell, actually,
 whether or not the wound was fatal,
 because there's two different stories
 that have been presented as a result.
 Some say he survived, some say he didn't.
 But afterwards, chess games were apparently banned
 on all Soviets and Russian and tariff stations.
 That really feels like not the main issue here.
 Keep hold of your axes.
 Only for weapons and courage, chess, no.
 No, but I just like that.
 I like the little communities that are out there
 that you rarely hear about.
 In 2014, there was a scientist
 who decided to launch his Tinder app while he was out there,
 and he matched with someone on Antarctica.
 Yeah, unfortunately, there were a helicopter ride away,
 45 minutes, and they were leaving the next day.
 And they just got an Uber.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shrieberland, Andy.
 @AndrewHunterab, James.
 @JamesHarken, and Anna.
 You can email podcast.qi.com.
 Yep, but you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing or our website.
 NoSuchThing is a fish.com.
 It's got links to merch that we've released.
 It has all of our previous episodes.
 Check it out.
 Anyway, as ever, we hope you're all well.
 We hope you're all safe.
 And thank you for continuing to listen to us
 in these crazy times.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 you
