 Hi everybody Andy here just before we start this week's show wanted to let you know we have a very special guest on
 This week Anna is away very sadly. She's on her holidays. But the great news is that in her place
 We have the absolutely magnificent Rachel Paris now
 I'm sure you may have heard of Rachel if you haven't frankly wherever you're being guys. She's a
 Comedian she's a musician. She's an actor an improviser. She does it all
 She has been on so many brilliant shows and she is a musical comedian as well
 She tours the country with a grand piano performing
 Magnificently funny solo shows. She's basically the heir to Tom Lear and Tim Minchin put together and on top of it all
 She has just published her first book. It's called Advice from Strangers
 And it's a kind of comedy book slash memoir slash feminist manifesto
 All centered around the time that she traveled around the country asking her audiences to give her pieces of advice
 It's funny. It's serious. It's hilarious. It's uplifting and we're so glad that she could come on the show because as you're about to hear
 She was absolutely great. So that's it without further ado on with the show
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray James Harkin
 And it's our very special guest Rachel Paris and once again
 We have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here
 We go starting with fact number one and that is Rachel
 My fact is that list the composer played the piano so hard in his concerts that he regularly broke piano strings and
 Superfans would nick those strings and make bracelets out of them
 I've so I don't play the piano
 But it feels like that's quite a hard thing to do to break a string
 It's a break of a guitar string, right? Yeah, but piano string. It's rare
 He's not the only person to ever do that, but I think that I think that it happened to him all the time
 That was like his thing is I'm gonna break this. Why was he so angry? I don't know. Maybe he just had like really heavy hands or something
 There were there were comments that he had massive hands
 Which allowed for him to stretch a lot of piano players say that that's not actually a thing
 There was certain there were certain patterns that he would play that a big hand doesn't necessarily
 We actually have plaster casts of his hands, so we know exactly how big they are. Yeah, do you mean in your home?
 They're here tonight
 We find that his fingers were slender and long, but they weren't like massively long light
 I think right man enough had really big hands man enough had 12 inches and his hands I
 Measured mine mines nine inch span because I've got pretty good small hands
 But a big stretch on but yeah, when you measure 12 inches out on a rule, that's insane
 So right man enough was known for having like absurdly big hands and you can only play right man enough pieces
 If you've got those you can fake it a bit
 But you have to do some very clever maneuvering if Rachmaninoff was alive today
 Yeah, and if he if he did that mine, you know when you mime a phone
 Your thumb in your little finger. Yeah, he would it's the top of his head with his thumb knock his hat off
 He could only mime a car phone from the 80s
 So this whole thing of him banging on the piano
 He was a passionate amazing player and that was kind of a thing. He was like a rock and roll list
 Like rock and roll wasn't a list but fortunately if he did smash up a piano
 He always had two pianos on stage with them
 That's such a cool idea and I'm not sure if it was necessarily because he knew he was gonna smash up a piano
 It's because he was such a showman that he wanted to give both sides of his face basically to the audience
 So he didn't have a roadie bringing on the piano when he broke his like dragging it along. I think he would drag it out
 Really? Yeah, it's like I read an account of a gig where he
 He he dragged the second piano out and I think if you were an audience member there was a second piano
 You would be slightly disappointed if it didn't come into play. Yeah, you think he hadn't given it his all
 It's like a Checos piano, isn't it?
 And he had these like beautiful flowing locks of hair which made him very popular as he really had the whole like Elvis
 You know someone coined the term listomania
 Yeah, that people were absolutely obsessed with him the way they are sort of today about pop stars
 But he actually had the talent to earn it. But yeah, people would ask for locks of his hair
 Yes, and they would collect his cigarette butts
 They would wear them in the chains on their necklaces with his initials
 There is it like it's a it did happen and apparently everyone hated it because she was carrying another stinky old cigar end basically
 They were like Susan
 I was reading listomania does sounds like it was a bit of a just like beatlemania
 You know where it was just screaming girls and stuff like that
 But apparently the original term the mania was used in terms medically
 It was it wasn't just that people were just getting too excited
 They genuinely thought that this might be leading to medical conditions
 So if list came into town, they'd be like, you know, we got to get doctors ready. We got I'm making that up
 To effect. So that's what the mania meant. It was right people actually got ill. Yeah, exactly
 I was thinking that his performance is a bit like you too, Andy and Rachel you do ostentatious, right?
 Which is an improvised Jane Austen play and his concerts were quite a bit like that
 I was reading it's a while since I've seen you two live by
 Paulie received
 Well, he would like get what a member of his audience to give him a little sort of motif a little theme
 And they might just go do-do-do-do-do or something maybe not like the Nokia theme
 And then he would spend the rest of the concert just like doing the amazing bits
 He had a very interesting life, so he was he was a prodigy as a child and he was your hot house by his
 No
 These was like doodling around to they were but it was kind of interesting just on that
 We'll go back to that but like because mass market pianos are just coming and also the French Revolution had just happened
 So you had pianos were only played by posh people and they were really really expensive and you could only get them if you
 Super posh but then
 Suddenly just around the time of Mozart and then list after him
 Suddenly you could get cheap pianos and that meant that children could play it children could practice it
 And so you had these children coming up who were as good as the you know posh
 You know and also all the previous pianos were cheap if slightly spattered with the blood of aristocrats
 Some somewhere
 But so you get so his dad took him around his dad worked him like a dog for years
 You know years his father died when Franz was 15 and he he took pupils as a 15 year old prodigy
 And then had this incredible performing career until I think his late 30s maybe and then step back
 Yeah, because he had a lover a countess love hello who who encouraged him to compose
 She said look this before me is all well and good
 he's making a lot of money, but and he just kind of stepped back he moved to Weimar and
 Just started composing who was the lover do you know? Yes? She was called countess
 No, sorry. She was a princess. He was married to a countess and traded up to Princess Caroline von sein Wittgenstein
 Anyway, she left her own marriage for him
 And there was this whole thing about whether they could annul the marriage so they could be her marriage
 So they could be married and the Pope agreed to it and then he changed his mind
 It was a big old thing
 But yes, so he took a really crap job as a couple meister at the court of Weimar and he had to wear
 Archaic clothes to perform. Oh, well cuz he was a rock star and then he went
 Suddenly it's like a music beef eater or something
 I did think of ostentatious a bit and that you're basically dressing and stuff that was the hide-of-fashion 200 years ago
 And the pay was so bad. It only paid for his cigars
 But we don't know how quality his cigars were to be fair. Yeah. Yeah, that's true. Yeah, he could have sold the one eBay afterwards
 Yeah, and Caroline de sein Wittgenstein
 She was a Catholic princess wasn't she and she got him into Catholicism and then he went on to try and become the Pope's
 personal
 He wanted to be the official composer to the Pope
 But he was turned down and the alleged story of why he was turned down is that apparently he was playing in the
 Cloisters one day and all the nuns in the nunnery ran to him and started kissing him and
 And the Pope decided well if he's like that if he's gonna have that effect on women
 We're not gonna have him as the official how hot was this guy
 Was I think he was he was six foot two. We've established. He had big old hands
 Yeah, and he had a lot of mistresses in his life
 He did he did in later life take holy orders, but minor holy orders. He didn't become a full priest
 I think maybe because it would have involved of our celibacy and he was just he wasn't quite ready
 He just did it as a hobby
 Well, here's a weird thing in 2018 in Spain's got talent
 He didn't
 Showed up
 He did not show up itself
 However, he kind of did in a way because one of the competitors of that year was a guy called Michael Andreas
 Who's supposedly the great-great-grandson of lists really?
 Supposedly and he said to be the son of not only list but of one of his prodigies lists prodigies
 Who was called Sophie mentor and Sophie mentor was supposedly the best his favorite and she did have a kid
 But by all the accounts she had it with someone else, but this guy's claiming that he is the great descended from both lines
 Yeah descended from both lines
 So he's even picked like a mother that you can't trace it back to so supposedly we have a descendant who's incredible by the way
 I've seen him play. He was a prodigy as well. He was a child prodigy
 He was winning competitions since he was five years old
 Rachel because you're a classical pianist. I am I think I was a prodigy
 Piano competitions when I was small and I was teaching when I was 15. Really. Yeah. Wow. We teaching what I'm saying
 Is you don't have to be a prodigy to teach at 15?
 Were you teaching smaller children or were you teaching? Yeah smaller children. So I was like grade eight and I was teaching grade one
 That's really impressive. That's a guy that you're smoking at the moment. I like that
 I do think if you've got the willingness to practice and basic like strong musical aptitude and if you start young then you're gonna be a child prodigy
 Moving down like fuck wasn't that shit hot, but like, you know, that's so interesting. Do you hear how words get there?
 Do you guys know Lang Lang? Yeah, one of the big concerto players piano players of recent years and he's a global name
 He only got into playing piano. He was a child prodigy by the way. Oh, yeah
 I want to see Rachel and Britain's got talent. A little kid comes up. Like this again. Go on. Child prodigy, it just means has a piano and the time
 He was inspired hearing Liszt's Hungarian Rhapsody in number two by Tom from Tom and Jerry
 And that's how he got into playing the piano. Oh, I totally grew up watching that. I can really understand that. Yeah
 I was called the cat concerto and it was Tom was playing piano Jerry's on the inside gets woken up and they start having a fight
 It's an amazing piece. Supposedly a lot of piano players began their love watching this one cartoon of Tom and Jerry
 And then when you get older the the piece. Yeah, it's the Hungarian Rhapsody, which is already a phenomenal piece incredibly difficult to play
 I can play the first few pages and then it gets to the really hard bit and I'm like no, but in the cartoon which I had on VHS
 So I've watched it over and over and over again. They mess with it
 They pull it around and they go into like the can can and they go into little jazz bit in the middle of it
 And then return to the piece. So when I got older and I started playing it, I had I had be like, oh, oh the can can doesn't happen here
 This bit doesn't turn into jazz. So confusing. I've got one other connection that Liszt made in his life
 So we said before Liszt had big old hands, right? Yeah. Yeah. There's someone else he met who also had big hands
 George Elliot. George Elliot. George Elliot. We have a running fact on this podcast that George Elliot had great big hands
 She had one big head. She could play right now, but only the right hand
 Did she have different size hands? Yeah, but we don't. Supposedly, she was a dairy maid in younger life and she turned the butter
 I milked the cows. I milked the cows and this gave one absolutely honking hulk fist
 Wow. And if you look at pictures of her, they never show her right hand. They didn't have enough paint. Didn't have enough paint
 But basically old big hands herself. George Elliot. Big hand herself. Sorry. In 1854 she visited Liszt with her lover George Lewis
 They were fleeing scandal because he'd left his wife to be with female George Elliot and they made friends
 They had coffee together. Imagine the conversations they would have had. Wow. High five
 [Laughter]
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is James
 Okay, my fact this week is that the downhill skiing at the Nagano Olympics in 1998 was postponed due to snow
 [Laughter]
 Too much. Too much. Too much snow
 If you go on Encyclopedia Britannica about the Nagano Olympics, it says the most memorable aspect of the Nagano Games was arguably the weather
 Oh, wow. It said it brought heavy snow and periods of freezing rain. There was even an earthquake
 An earthquake? Yes, that's incredible. Where is Nagano? It's in Japan
 Oh, well that's prone to earthquakes, isn't it? You want to pick somewhere right in the middle of a tectonic plate if you don't want to
 Yeah, it wasn't like a massive one, but everyone felt it who was there at the time
 If you were halfway through a ski jump, you'd be the only person who didn't feel it
 And you'd land and everyone else would have fallen over a door
 Maybe the earth moves to your advantage by about 50 meters until you've broken the world record
 [Laughter]
 But yeah, the LA Times said at the time, they said, "We are seeing firsthand the fundamental problem of the Winter Olympics they are held during the winter"
 [Laughter]
 It's like the ski resorts often have not enough snow, don't they? Or they say, "Oh, the snow hasn't happened" or "It's fallen"
 Do you ever get the wrong kind of snow? I feel like that's a...
 Yeah, I've been dragged into the world of snow by my husband
 Oh, you walked through that wardrobe, didn't you?
 That's it, yeah, what a nightmare
 My husband's a huge skier in snowboarder
 I am not never skied before meeting him and I get dragged to ski resorts now
 and I keep trying to learn to ski really painfully
 But also, yeah, the cancellations for snow happen at ski resorts all the time
 They're like, "Yeah, the slope's closed because of snow"
 Yeah, I think that skiing is something that you should be a child prodigy at, right?
 Because it's easier to learn when you're a child and you don't have the fear
 I learn when I was in my 30s and I say, "Learned"
 It sounds like we're at a similar standard
 It's the worst thing
 I feel like for me at the moment, skiing is simply trying to stop
 It's all it is, I'm going to deep plow all the way down
 Why aren't I stopping?
 Deep plow, what's that?
 When you put your skis in a V-shape
 I see
 Whenever I've gone skiing, I've mastered the going fast and the spinning
 and the, you know, not the spinning, sort of the sharp turns
 Spinning, spinning as well
 I've mastered the roly-poly down the hill as well
 But I've never mastered the sideways stop
 So no matter how cool I've looked, I've always had to go into the big V-plow
 Hangerly
 Like Spider-Man trying to hold the train from falling off the track
 That's a pretty cool way of describing what you're doing
 I'm sure it looks that good when you're doing it
 That's going down, doing his pizza
 He's got Spider-Man, Spider-Man
 With great power!
 Oh, do you think Spider-Man's ever been skiing?
 Sorry, never mind
 But would he enjoy it?
 Spiders don't like the cold, do they?
 He's not a real spider
 He's not a real man
 He's neither, he's a freak
 He's just a boy
 I'm the only one who's never been skiing
 I'm surprised you've never been skiing
 Why?
 Not because you seem like someone who would have been skiing
 Because you're posh
 I think that's why we're all dancing around
 I think if people were to meet me and you
 They'd think I haven't been skiing and you have been skiing
 I see
 But it just goes to show that you shouldn't judge a book by its cover
 People would look at me and say he must be just eating pies and drinking blue wicked
 Too much to be skiing
 People look at me and see like polo and croquet
 I'm afraid so
 Oh dear
 You guys all know this and it's all really common
 So ski jumpers, they have to get a little friction on the bottom of the skis as possible
 Because I guess you get loads of ski
 But they got fast
 Yeah, and the plasticky on the bottom
 And they drip hot wax onto it
 And then they iron their skis sometimes
 To get the wax distributed
 Yeah, and all the ski makers are really secretive
 Like competitive ski teams are really secretive about the ingredients of their wax
 Oh really?
 Yeah, because they give the bottles boring looking labels or code names and all this
 But the wax wears off as you're going down
 So that's a problem
 And in 2007 a pair of chemists who were called Peter Styring and Alex Ruth
 They developed, I love this, skis which wax themselves
 Self waxing ski
 So you pour the liquid wax into a little reservoir
 Which is between your boot and the ski
 Self waxing, you're doing a lot of the work, the skis aren't doing it
 Exactly, yeah, but then it's there
 So you've got it like an air, so you've got a bubble beneath it
 And then you're not allowed to have any means of power down there
 But the wax feeds into this little tube
 Which runs all the way along the ski surface
 And as you go into a turn, you put pressure down, don't you?
 And it sort of pops a bit of the wax along the bottom of the ski
 That's clever
 I don't know if it was allowed or banned or anything like that
 It feels super off the books
 It does, doesn't it?
 The coldness of the Winter Olympics, it is a problem
 It's like a big problem for a lot of the events
 One of the early day things that happened in 1924 games
 Is that the guys who were having to use the stopwatches
 In order to monitor how fast you were crossing the line
 Their hands just got too cold and so they were just getting it wrong
 All the time
 So there was actually a gold medalist who won
 Who was called Charles Dutrell, who was an American
 Who won his event despite being utterly perplexed
 By the fact that he'd managed it
 Because he'd never ever trained for this event before
 He came in thinking, "I'm going to come last of everyone"
 And he ended up winning it
 He didn't even train for the event, he sort of just showed up and did it
 Are you telling us that the stopwatch didn't work?
 Exactly, the stopwatch ran a bit too long
 Oh sorry, a bit too quick
 The guys' hands were freezing and it was a big problem
 So, yeah
 Did you hear about Remy Lindholm in the Beijing Olympics quite recently?
 No
 He did the 50K cross country ski
 Well, it was 50K, but it got short into 30K because the weather was so bad
 And at the very end, he needed a heat pack to treat his frostbitten penis
 Apparently, he should have kept it in his trousers
 He forgot one of his poles
 And the thing is, this is the second time that that happened to him in less than a year
 Does he have an unusually frostbite prone penis, I wonder
 It feels like he must do it, there must be something there
 Maybe he's not wearing a crucial thermal pant layer or something
 None of his mates have told him
 Yeah, the thermal pants are available
 He's still going on one thin pair of M&S briefs
 The article I read didn't presuppose what was going on
 Yeah, I think that now it's happened a second time
 I think we are allowed to ask the question
 Maybe you're prone to it once it's happened once
 Oh yeah
 The tip never really recovers
 Bloody hell
 It's just a guess, you know, I'm not an expert
 Yeah
 Anyway, that was the thing that happened
 Poor guy
 I found another quite funny cancellation of a sports event
 In 2016, the Premier League match between Manu and Bournemouth
 Sorry, I said Manu, that's Manchester United
 For people who don't know
 And that's football
 American football
 No, I knew you wouldn't know
 You don't look like a football fan
 Too busy teeing up for another trucker
 What?
 That's polo 10
 Well, half of it was
 So they had to cancel the match at the very last minute
 When a suspicious item was found in the gents' loo at Old Trafford
 But the suspicious item had been put there
 By the security firm that was monitoring for suspicious items
 So they'd done it as a trial test thing
 This is what a suspicious item looks like
 Yeah, like, can you see, if you can find it, what's the drill, what will you do
 But they accidentally left it there
 And the match got cancelled
 Wow, so funny, I wonder what it looked like
 Probably had wires coming out
 Exactly, they had a big sort of black cartoon ball
 With a fuse coming out
 And bomb written in white on the side
 Have you guys heard of the, this is an amazing thing, it was proposed
 In 2002, it was a British firm called Snowdonia Gateway Limited
 They wanted to build a revolving ski slope
 Okay?
 Okay
 So what it would be, it would be 13 stories high
 And it would be kind of like a record player, but on an angle
 Okay, if you can imagine that
 And you would start down the slope
 As the slope revolved and moved upwards
 Okay, now the incline was going to be 300 meters long
 But the plan was, if you skied slowly enough
 And if it got up to its full revolving speed
 Permanent skiing
 Wow
 But the speed that I skied
 Which is really, really slope like
 I'm going to be going backwards around that
 You'd fall off the top
 Yeah, and they would generate permanent fresh snow with snow guns
 It's really clever
 That's extraordinary
 So it never happened, sadly, as far as I can tell
 Is it because it's completely impossible to build?
 Weirdly, no
 I think it was just too ambitious an example of the thing
 So these days, I think there is at least one rotating disc slope ski simulator
 In Europe
 I think it's someone like the Netherlands
 But it's quite small, it's not 13 stories high
 And allowing you to like a sort of ski giant mountain thing
 That's so cool
 It just sounds so much fun
 Wow, it sounds incredible
 I can see the problem that if you were at a certain speed
 You would just be stuck
 Like you would have to be rescued, right?
 Well, they can turn it, they can slow it
 Yeah, at the end of the day
 Like they're not going to stop it for every middle speed skier, right?
 No, they have to get down eventually
 It might be like the waltzes that you just have a one go
 And then you have to come off and other people go on
 Imagine the poor guy, poor guy, right?
 It's my frostbitten penis twice
 He's going to have one more ski in a very nice time
 Oh, no!
 I'm never coming off!
 Okay, it is time for fact number three
 That is Andy
 My effect is that the 18th century health writer
 William Buchan told his readers
 That anyone suffering from persistent deafness
 Might benefit from pouring their own urine
 Into their ears each night
 That's really good
 I'm just looking at my notes
 Because I paraphrased what you said to us
 And I've written
 In 1772, William Buchan told people to piss in their own ears
 Wow
 He pretty much did
 Pretty much, right?
 Can I just say, it does seem possible
 That the first person who heard this advice
 Simply misheard
 Oh, yeah?
 No, they are deaf
 Did they say, you know, "I know a guy in touring"
 Or "Do you want some tea? I'm pouring"
 Are they reliable sources, right?
 Well, William Buchan was this writer
 He wrote this book called "Domestic Medicine"
 Which was basically the Beal and Endle
 Of health advice in the 18th century
 He was a proper doctor
 And I think it was actually pretty good
 As in he wasn't a quack
 He was really trying
 And it had chapters on absolutely everything under the sun
 One of the chapters is on deafness
 And he writes, "A gentleman on whose veracity I can depend
 Told me that after using many things to no purpose
 For an obstinate deafness, he was at last advised
 To put a few drops of his own urine warm into his ears
 Every night and morning
 From which he received great benefit"
 Okay
 He does say you could also use a salt solution
 Would it work?
 Would it work?
 Like, let's say you've got wax in your ears
 Would it moisten them, perhaps?
 I might do
 You'd need phenomenal aim
 That's the problem
 That's the...
 It's a few drops
 That's a good detail that I didn't know
 When I tried it earlier this morning
 That would have been very helpful
 But he also had advice in the book for putting onions
 Onion juice in your ear
 In order to help with deafness
 So is it just a sort of like any liquid that has some kind of
 I don't know, acidic property or something?
 This is the thought slightly is that
 Earache will eventually go
 And the thought is that maybe what it was
 Was a sort of pseudo thing
 Where it was just making it feel a bit bearable
 And then you mistake in the fact that it
 That it happens because people still parents
 There's blogs all over on those mum blogs
 We'll be missing a little bit
 No, using onions
 Using onions
 No, it's a community, Andy
 That book, by the way, "Domestic Medicine"
 There is an argument that it might not have been
 Written by William Buchan
 And might have been written by friend of the show
 Willie Smelly
 Willie Smelly
 Who's Willie Smelly?
 The original gynecologist
 The original midwife
 Midwife
 Not that Willie Smelly
 The other Willie Smelly
 The encyclopedia
 The encyclopedia
 The first editor
 Yeah, so there are two famous Willie Smellys
 From the 19th century
 And 19th century, one of them
 And this one, according to Smelly's son
 Who's called Ker Smelly
 He said that Willie Smelly
 Might have entirely rewritten his original draft
 So Buchan handed in his draft
 And then Smelly sort of put all of his own bits in
 So it could be that his was normal
 And then Smelly added the urea stuff
 I wouldn't want Willie Smelly's urine in my ears
 Also, the interesting thing about this book
 Is that it was sort of a sort of equivalent
 To what I'm trying to say would be a magician
 Releasing all of the trade secrets
 Of how to do tricks
 Because doctors at the time
 Didn't want patients to know this kind of thing
 They actually looked down on this book
 Saying you shouldn't be giving this information
 Out to the patients
 Of what we do
 And so he kind of put it all in
 Might you put like just one bit of advice in there
 That was wrong
 To try and trick people into
 Or a bit like those
 Like internet spoiler things
 It's like, step one is this
 But for more, contact your doctor
 He wrote a lot of medical advice
 William Buchan
 He wrote this book called Advice to Mothers
 Which again, quite democratising
 Of becoming a parent
 Oh god, I'm strapping in for this
 He wrote, well
 He wrote to mothers that, and I'm quoting here
 In all cases of dwarfishness or deformity
 99 out of 100 are owing to the folly, misconduct
 Or neglect of mothers
 Wow
 Which was, I'm sure, science at the time
 But...
 It's just nice
 For mothers to feel more guilt
 There isn't enough going around
 Yeah, I think mothers didn't feel bad
 Until he really advanced the form
 So, yeah, yeah, yeah
 He was an amazing guy
 Like, he started young
 He was a child prodigy, actually
 He was going around pissing at other children's ears
 Like, we're joking about this
 But I do feel like, as it goes on
 This is proving my point
 It's just like, anyone who excels at anything
 Probably excels as a child
 Yeah, it's true, yeah
 No, he supposedly was the amateur doctor
 To the village when he was still at school
 So he was so...
 So annoying
 Oh, it's not like...
 You'd be so annoyed by him
 Wouldn't you be the baby doctor?
 Not if he was helping you
 No, you would be annoyed
 Really?
 Especially if he's helping you
 What doctors have to put up with
 Particularly baby doctors
 It sounds horrific
 Imagine a 12-year-old boy coming to you
 When you're pregnant going, "Oh, it's your fault!"
 You haven't been behaving right
 You know, one of the things that Buckin suggested
 That when you...
 If you'd burnt yourself
 The cure was to hold it back near a fire
 What?
 Yeah
 I did read that
 Hold it quite near the fire
 There was a few other things
 Like you should put salt on it
 Salt?
 Yeah
 It's like the old saying goes
 Rub salt in the wound
 And everyone's a winner
 It does sound like he was like a child doctor
 But he didn't go on to learn any more
 Just left the knowledge he had at 12
 One of the earliest records
 For treating hearing loss
 Is from the Ebers Papyrus
 Which is an old ancient Egyptian papyrus
 And that's specifically for wax buildup
 And they suggest that you put olive oil
 Red lead, ant eggs, bat wings
 Or goat urine into your ears
 So they do go for the urine quite early
 And also, olive oil, use that now
 Olive oil for blood tears
 Yeah
 Do you hang the bat wings out like a...
 They're literally flapping out your ears
 Rachel, you've just written a book of advice
 Effectively, based on old advice from strangers
 Correct
 Is there any honkingly bad advice that you received?
 Because I saw some of the gigs where you collected advice
 Yeah, correct
 Well, some of it I just really didn't agree with
 Some of it was very individual
 Like acquire as many guinea pigs as possible
 And that openness is bound to follow
 Which I really profound as a previous owner of a guinea pig
 I don't think that's true
 I don't think they improve in large numbers
 Yes
 Well, you didn't try
 No, that's true
 You only have one
 You didn't pass through the threshold, which is nine
 In Peru, they eat guinea pigs, don't they?
 So if it was a Peruvian person
 It might be just a way of, you know, stocking up before lockdown
 Yeah
 Give a man a guinea pig and a leap for a day
 Give a man two guinea pigs
 As long as what is male and once female
 And they're both of the right age
 They're sort of, yeah
 And they fancy each other
 And this consent
 Yeah
 And he'll eat for the rest of his life
 I also, I enjoyed and really disagree with the advice
 Given smile whenever possible
 Which I think is a very old school idea of like
 Just whack a smile on no matter what you're feeling
 And it made me think of all those songs of like
 Smile when your heart is breaking
 Smile when your heart is breaking
 Put on a happy smile, you know
 Like all the wartime songs about smiling through the war
 Smiling through loss
 Smiling through tragedy
 Smiling through heartbreak
 Which was very of the 20th century
 It was very keep calm and carry on
 Bottle it in
 Yeah, exactly
 Don't let your smile ruin my day
 Bottle it up
 Pour a few drops into your ears
 Each night and morning
 So yes, I did not agree with that advice
 But it's quite common advice it's still given
 Do you know the first agony art was?
 No
 So far as we know?
 No, I don't know
 Clarina
 Plenty of the elder
 No, okay, so I would say this is, James is closer in time
 Possibly the 1600s
 It's probably really in the break
 In 1691 there was a guy called John Dunton
 And he had an experience where he was having an affair
 He needed some advice anonymously
 But there was nowhere to ask
 And so rather than thinking I'll just leave that
 He thought, "Wow, what if there was a place I could ask?"
 And so he invented an entire magazine
 The Athenian Gazette, which its job was basically
 To just answer questions
 So members of the public would just send in their questions
 And everyone on staff would write answers to
 And that is sort of like the modern version of the agony art
 There's probably examples of things like the Oracle of Delphi
 And all that sort of like the original agony art
 So this Athenian Gazette
 Or Athenian Mercury, it was also called
 It was supposedly this group of a dozen of the best astrologers
 And mathematicians and philosophers in the whole of London
 And scholars and all this
 Actually, it was just him and his brother-in-law
 And two other blokes
 And they were complete amateurs
 And they didn't know anything
 But people loved writing in the questions
 So the questions included
 What is the cause of suction?
 This is about love and relationships
 Why do Scotchman hate swine's flesh?
 Good questions
 I really like this one
 If I'm thinking of committing any great and enormous crime and sin as adultery
 But do not personally and actually commit it
 Am I guilty of the crime and sin?
 That's a great question
 Wow, I mean, that's given to agony aunts today
 Yeah, that's true
 Here's a couple more
 Why does love generally turn to coldness and neglect after marriage?
 I don't write it, Polly, if you're listening, I'm just reading it
 It was a bit QI-ish actually
 So one of them was
 Why should the putting of a man's hand in cold water
 Occasion a sudden emission of urine?
 Yeah, we have done that
 Yeah, and they said
 And I have done that again in life
 And they said it's not true
 They pointed out it's a vulgar error
 What?
 Sorry
 It was a coincidence then
 That you pissed yourself
 We did that to our baby last week
 Wait, wait
 So he had a fever
 We were in hospital doing some checks
 And they said to check for a urine infection
 We really need a urine sample
 And obviously it's a baby
 You can't just make him wait
 And he was a bit dehydrated from the fever
 So he was weaning not very often
 So they gave us a test tube with a funnel
 And they said you've just got to sit here
 And wait for him to wait
 And be ready to leap into action
 So bless him
 I was just for like a good hour and a half
 He was just sitting there
 With like my husband holding him up
 Me like staring at his winky
 Waiting, waiting to leap for the way
 And we were, it got to like an hour
 And we were like, oh my god
 I don't think we should blame parents
 But she does have a complex
 Me just staring at it
 Shaking a little tube
 And at the end we were like
 What about that thing of like
 If you put your hand or your foot in water
 Then it will make you wee
 So we tried it
 So we got one of those cardboard
 Bucket things that they had in the hospital
 And we filled it with warm water
 And we put his feet in it
 And it didn't work initially
 But about two minutes after he'd stopped
 Having his feet in water
 And what he did then wee
 But again, it's probably a coincidence
 We don't know
 That's science
 Maybe it's taking your feet out of warm water
 That makes you do that
 But people don't normally go to sleep
 In a swimming pool
 So we don't know
 We don't know
 One other interesting notable name
 From this period
 Who was into agony arting
 Slash uncleing
 Was Daniel Defoe
 Oh
 Author of Robinson Crusoe
 And yeah
 He would reply to members of the public
 And interestingly
 You know
 A lot of these replies were sometimes really crude
 So in one reply to someone
 He actually called someone
 Even though he sort of blanked out the full spelling of it
 But he called someone a whore
 You know, he basically disagreed with what she was trying to ask
 In terms of illicit sexual stuff
 And he said you were a whore
 I mean, it was really quite crude back then
 Terrible
 Just going back to deafness
 I got very into this woman
 Called Jaipreet Verdi
 Has written a book about
 Historical cures for deafness
 And it's also about
 The concept of deafness needing a cure
 It's very interesting
 But she talks about ear trumpets
 You know, like, remember in "Allo Allo"
 It's like the ear trumpet
 The sort of comedy item that is the ear trumpet
 But in Victorian times
 They would be customized
 So a lady say in morning
 That the example they've got in a museum
 It's been painted black
 And trimmed with lace
 That's cool
 That's her outfit
 And at first historians thought
 You know, this was a sign of like
 She had to hide it, you know, to be discreet
 Because it was an embarrassing thing to have
 But actually this author is making the point that
 How cool, it's really sort of owning
 Your deafness
 And it's customizing
 What you need
 It's sort of the equivalent of like, you know
 Pimping out your walking stick
 Or signing a cast, in a way
 Surely it's pimping up, isn't it?
 Not pimping out
 Pimping out your walking stick
 You sort of put it in the street with a little sign
 And Daniel Defoe calls it a whore
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show
 And that is my fact
 My fact this week is that a tourist guide in Whitby
 Got so tired of being asked where Dracula was buried
 That he commissioned a headstone
 Just so that he could point at it
 Instead of explaining that Dracula wasn't real
 So this is apparently, it's a big problem in Whitby
 Whitby is one of the great scenes of Dracula
 When Dracula makes his way over to England
 And it is where Bram Stoker spent a few months
 Where he went looking around
 And he incorporated a lot of the landscapes
 A lot of the churches
 Even some of the names from the gravestones
 Into the story
 And the issue is that when visitors come
 A lot of them don't actually realize that Dracula doesn't exist
 So one particular guy, Harry Collett
 Who's a tour guide
 And he does tours around Whitby about Dracula
 So sick of being asked this question
 He did get one commissioned a headstone
 Which he can just point to as they're on the track
 And say, look, that's where he's buried
 Do you think maybe he should give up his job as a tour guide
 If he's sick of people asking him questions about Dracula?
 Yeah, well I guess that is a very good point
 Hang on, what does the headstone say?
 Does it say Dracula's here?
 Or does it say Dracula's not real?
 No, it says Dracula
 And then I guess the dates of Dracula on it
 That's a great idea for your headstone, isn't it?
 When eventually you die, it's like
 Here lies James Harkin
 Of course he wasn't real
 I thought he was just trying to...
 Because the church has put a sign on its door
 Saying Dracula's a fictional character
 So I thought he might be doing that
 Because actually, if someone tries to dig up Dracula
 They'll find, ooh, there's nobody there
 It's only gonna add fuel to the fire
 That's true
 Yeah, this church, the St. Mary's Church
 This is the church that appears in the book
 They constantly have people coming to the church
 Who are Dracula fans, asking about Dracula
 Apparently the pews are just quite often filled with Goths
 Who are sitting there just enjoying the scene
 Well it's Gothsville
 Yeah, it is Gothsville
 Whitby is, they have a twice annual
 In fact, they have four Goth festivals a year, right?
 So they've got the Whitby Goth weekend
 Which has been going since the 90s
 And then, in 2019, a rival event was set up
 Called Tomorrow's Ghosts
 There was a spooky schism in the Whitby Goth weekend event
 The founder had set it up
 And there was a parting of ways with a venue
 And so now there's a rival festival this year
 Called Tomorrow's Ghosts
 And I read their website about this year's autumn festival
 It says this
 Our headline is for 2022
 Our Fields of the Nephilim
 Who take the Friday night headline slot
 And really need little introduction
 Topping the bill on Saturday night are the loveless
 Who need some introduction
 They actually put that
 That's really good
 It's got a cool, quite gothic-y heritage
 This whole area anyway
 Yeah, not just Dracula
 I mean, St. Hilda was Whitby, wasn't she?
 St. Hilda was Abbess of Whitby
 Did she, like, drive the snakes out of Whitby or something?
 That's a story
 That's the story
 Well, she turned them to stone
 Is that not...
 That's driving them out in a way
 It's hard to drive them out
 They're less likely to bite you if they're made of stone
 Is that what the Ammonite stones are all about?
 That's what they call them
 The Snake Stones of Whitby
 And they're Ammonites
 But some people would carve little heads on
 So, Ammonite is like a little fossil
 That looks a bit like a snake, right?
 Yeah
 Especially if you draw her face on it
 Yeah, exactly
 Yeah
 Yeah, and she was...
 She started a monastery
 Which is on the spot where this place
 She would talk about St. Mary's
 St. Mary's, right?
 Yeah
 And, yeah, she resolved the date of Easter
 Yeah, she was part of the team
 Who did that?
 Okay
 There was the Synod of Whitby in 664 AD
 Where they all got together in Whitby
 And decided when we should have Easter
 Because some people were doing it in the Celtic time
 And some people were doing it in the Roman time
 Yeah
 And we thought, let's move down to the Roman time
 So, she...
 That was 664
 She was probably still alive in 666 AD
 She was, actually
 Yeah, yeah, yeah
 She was like a teacher as well
 She taught Kathmon
 Who was the first English poet that we know the name of
 She was his teacher
 The question, though, that we're all asking
 Was she a child prodigy, James?
 I know not
 I went to St. Hilda's College
 Did you?
 Yes
 And then they have a little Ammonite on their shield
 Did they?
 Wow
 That's cool
 I think that's called...
 That species is called Hildoceras
 Really?
 It was named in honour of her
 It was found in that area
 Yeah, nice
 There's a really cool set of stairs in Whitby
 Oh, yeah
 Ooh
 Yeah
 They sound pretty spooky
 As you head up to St. Mary's Church
 It's 199 steps to get to the top
 That's intracular, isn't it?
 Yes
 That's bench and intracular
 Yeah, yeah
 As you're going up them, there's little rest points
 Little...
 Ooh, benches
 Benches
 So, you sit on this bench
 And you think you're sitting on a regular bench
 But, actually, it's not a regular bench
 It's not...
 No, it's not a possessed bench either
 It wasn't built by yetis
 It was because the graveyard with St. Mary's Church
 Was at the top
 Yeah
 You had all the pool-bearers who were coming to carry up
 All of the dead bodies to get to the church
 And it's a very tiring business
 So, what's now used as seats, these planks of wood
 Were actually pit stops to put the dead bodies on
 So that they could get rest
 Yeah, it is spooky
 It is spooky
 The dead men's...
 Benches
 Benches
 Another thing about Whitby
 Is if you go to Saltwick Nab, which is just south of Whitby
 You'll see where the cliffs are
 There's huge chunks taken out of the cliffs
 And that's because they tried to get alum
 Which is a thing you get in shale, it's a type of rock
 And it's really useful because you could bind colours to cloth
 By using it
 But it didn't work on its own
 You needed ammonia as well
 And the way they got their ammonia was from stale urine
 Ah, urine again
 Urine again, we come back to urine
 And so, in Whitby, they used to have barrels
 Where you would go and wean to the barrel
 And then they would take the wee to the alum mines
 And then they would colour their cloths
 And did they have a little trough of warm water
 That you could stand in
 If you were struggling to get yourself going
 Yeah
 What point does urine go stale?
 I've never thought about that
 Well, I would say if you don't drink it straight from the sauce
 You could put it in a cup first
 If you drink it straight from the sauce
 The point is, and I think we've mentioned this in a quite recent podcast
 Is ammonia isn't naturally in urine
 And ammonia is made by bacteria
 Urine is generally more or less sterile
 So you get your urine, the bacteria comes from the air
 Goes into the urine, makes ammonia
 And that's when it becomes stale
 So it takes a couple of hours
 Have you ever forgotten to flush a toilet and then gone on holiday?
 Wow
 And then come back
 That's when it stale
 Oh my god
 But Dan, if you're bottling it correctly with sterilised bottles
 It lasts years
 She's got to visit Andy's urine distillery
 Keep it out of the sunlight
 Wacker label on it
 It's bringing them on the plane
 It's from my ears actually
 You have to bring so many under 100ml bottles though
 That's the really annoying thing
 Anyway, this urine, they couldn't get enough in Whitby
 So they ended up putting barrels in Newcastle and London
 To get enough urine
 That's a long way away
 A lot of piss, isn't it? Yeah, from a long distance
 Well, there's a lot of people in London
 So that was one reason why they went there
 And they always tried to get the urine from poor people
 So they put barrels in the poor areas
 And they would want poor people's piss
 Why?
 Because it was illiterative
 No, why do you think it was?
 Something about poor people's diet or consumption of alcohol
 Because he's got it
 He's only got it, got it
 Did they wanted it to be more?
 No, they thought that the poor people wouldn't be able to afford alcohol
 And so they didn't want alcohol in the urine
 Because they thought it wouldn't set the colours properly
 Do you know where Dracula was from?
 He was from Transylvania
 Well, exactly
 But there is a minority theory that he was from Devon
 Is this theory put forward by Devon?
 There's a writer called Andy Struthers
 Who claims that Bram Stoker was inspired by a load of different things
 But he claims there was especially an Exeter writer called Sabine Beringould
 Who'd written a book about werewolves, which Bram Stoker read
 And a vampire story called Marjorie of Queather
 And was therefore claiming that Dracula was effectively from Devon
 Which I think would make him less spooky
 I'm gonna drink your blood
 Do you mind?
 All right, my lover
 Yeah, but his descendant, Bram Stoker's descendant said there's a mix of sources
 Actually, you can't just say
 Well, one of the sources was about Drackel, wasn't it?
 Vlad the Impaler, who was from Transylvania
 Was he a Wallachian or something like that?
 And he supposedly read about this guy while he was in Whitby
 So he went down to what was the coffee house end
 And the public library there
 He found the book there and that's what gave the inspirations
 As you say, there's a lot of different accounts
 He was already working on a novel, but it was about a character he called Count Wampire
 Sounds like a Count Wampire
 I thought that was the original... Wampire was the original Germanic
 Still sounds stupid though
 Okay, cool, sorry
 I am a Wampire
 Or rather, I am a Wampire
 I've been to Dracula's Castle
 How do you?
 Actually, yeah, in fact, I've been to both of them
 There's one which is real and one of them which is fake
 The one which is fake is called Bran Castle
 And that looks really gothic
 It looks amazing
 It looks like it could be his castle, but it really isn't
 And there's another one which was his actual castle
 It's about a hundred miles away
 And that is just a... you know, it's a semi-detached house
 I thought it was like Vlad the Impaler's
 Yeah, but it's just like ruins really
 And they have a few stakes with dolls on them
 They do
 But in the Bran Castle, it's way better
 Because they've got a proper, you know, gift shop
 Bran Castle, they've really made big on the publicity, haven't they?
 So last year, Bran Castle got a bit of publicity
 Because they offered free doses of the COVID-19 jabs
 What?!
 Yeah, with doctors wearing fang stickers
 And they put it in your neck
 No, they didn't put it in your neck
 Interesting fact, I was in Bran on the day of the Brexit referendum
 Oh!
 You're gonna have a spooky loss of trade
 Okay, that's it
 That's all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 About the things that we've said over the course of this podcast
 We can be found on our Twitter accounts
 I'm on @Sriberland
 Andy
 @AndrewHunterM
 James
 @JamesHarken
 And Rachel
 And you can go to our group account which is @NoSearchThing
 Or our website, NoSearchThingAsAfish.com
 All the previous episodes are up there, do check it out
 We will be back again next week with another episode
 We will see you then
 Goodbye
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
