 *starts playing*
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and
 Anich Zinsky and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and a no particular order here we go.
 Starting with my fact this week, my fact is that the legendary sumo wrestler, my noomi
 Shuhei, injected silicone into his scalp so that he could meet the height requirements
 to become a sumo.
 What were they?
 You had to be 173 centimeters tall, this was back in the day up until the 90s so that was
 the height requirements.
 Is that about 5 foot 9?
 Yeah, I believe that about 5 foot 9.
 Yeah, and so a lot of wrestlers were very close, 5 foot 8, 5 foot 7 and they just weren't
 quite there and 172 centimeters and so what they used to do and this is what this wrestler
 Shuhei did, he went to a doctor and he had surgically inserted into his scalp a little
 bag that could be filled with silicon and the silicon would go up to 4 centimeters high.
 The other thing that they used to do before the silicon thing was bash themselves on the
 head so they get a lump which would then be just, you know like in a cartoon how it goes
 no, that's what they genuinely don't get that.
 You can't guarantee you're going to bruise like that.
 I would concentrate on growing hair instead of beating myself on the head.
 No, but they push, they push us a ruler down on your head, yeah.
 Also all sumo's have that quite flat hair don't they?
 Yeah, yeah, so this guy I just want to apologize if I've pronounced his name wrong.
 In fact, I'm just going to refer to him by his nickname I think instead.
 Yeah, you should worry about him because he's pretty tall these days.
 He's definitely have you in a fight.
 Yeah, he's like 7 foot tall now.
 Yeah, it's funny.
 He keeps going.
 Yeah.
 No, he doesn't.
 You get one enlargement and then after a while it's not enough.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 So he has a nickname which he's known by to the fans which is Waza no Depato translates
 roughly as Department Store of Techniques.
 So I will refer to him.
 Department Store.
 Why do you think you could say the nickname easier than you could say my new Mishu?
 I actually just flew over that and then headed straight to the Department Store of Techniques.
 The Department Store of Techniques.
 He was an amazing guy.
 So he was known for using 33 different what they call Kimmerite which are basically finishing
 moves.
 He did one which was a triple attack force out.
 So he's simultaneously trapped the guy's leg, grabbed another and pushed his head into his
 chest.
 The opponent's head into the opponent's chest.
 Oh, sorry.
 What?
 He pushed his opponent's head into his opponent's chest.
 Yeah.
 So he brought his head down in there while tripping him up and while grabbing a leg and that's
 called a triple threat.
 So it's kind of like you're forcing someone into a forward sort of thing.
 You trip them over and then you bend their head down.
 Yeah.
 So you don't push their head just straight down so it goes back into their chest.
 Which means maybe that they then don't need the height requirement.
 Automatic win.
 And these days you can qualify through speed and agility as well as height or instead of
 height.
 Can you?
 Yeah.
 If you're really fast, really agile and tiny.
 There is one move in Sumo, one technique called Henker which I don't know if this guy did
 but it's the way that the winner of the Sumo championships in 2016 won it and the Henker
 is when your rival like hurdles towards you super fast to take you down and then you
 just step to the side like you're in a cartoon and your rival goes plummeting out of the ring
 and then you win that way.
 Does he run out of the ring and then not realise he's actually above the ground for a few seconds
 and then plummet.
 Yes, exactly.
 And I will pop out of his head and stuff.
 But the thing about this move is that even though it's a winning move, it's really frowned
 upon.
 So Sumo is a lot about honor and respect and you get booted by the crowds for doing this.
 So he won this championship, he's called Hakuho and he was massively booted by the crowds.
 A lot of them left before even listening to his victory speech and when he gave his post
 match speech, he just immediately apologised, he was on the verge of tears and said, "You
 know, I never thought that I'd win doing that move but I guess I did."
 Wow.
 Sorry.
 You know they all have this sort of bun of hair.
 Yes.
 They have the same bun.
 I have read.
 I can't quite believe this but I've read that they're the only, you have to have that
 bun and if you're not in the game, you're not allowed to have the bun and when you retire,
 your bun gets cut off by your friends and family and colleagues and you're trained
 to cut the last strand of the bun.
 That's when you retire but there are only 55 master hairdressers who are allowed to do
 this bun.
 That's very cool.
 Yeah.
 And so they trained specifically as hairdressers in the art of that one specific thing.
 We've reached the limits of my knowledge and we've hurtled beyond it.
 The ritual when they cut it off is a major thing though, isn't it?
 There's often crying then.
 Oh, it's really sad.
 You seem like an emotional, emotional people.
 Very sad.
 Yeah, losing your bun.
 I suppose your whole life is being a sumo, isn't it?
 That's all they do.
 You don't do anything else.
 Yeah.
 And that's the symbol of it.
 Yeah.
 That was the symbol of doing this podcast.
 Typing with your hands, I suppose.
 Yeah, so much like your fingers off at the end.
 I'd cry.
 Yeah.
 For the last episode, we all have to cut off, cut each other's fingers off.
 Yeah.
 I think it's just taking our microphone.
 Yes.
 I didn't think it.
 They relieved.
 You know Sumo's before they start to fight, they clap their hands and they do that thing
 where they'll clap and then they spread their arms out really wide.
 Do you know why they do that?
 Is it to make themselves look bigger to their opponents so they're more scared?
 It definitely does serve that purpose and the way they do it does imply that's the reason.
 But officially, it is to show that you're not armed because you can't, you can't be armed
 in Sumo.
 I think also the stamping that they do is to drive away evil spirits or it traditionally
 is.
 Yes.
 And therefore it survives as a kind of remnant of that.
 Yeah.
 Because they also sprinkle salt, don't they, on the ring before going into it, which is
 also to purify it.
 And don't allow women in.
 Yep, that's true.
 To purify it as well.
 But that is right, though, isn't it?
 That's what they say.
 Yes.
 And there were two women went in this year in the news.
 Yeah.
 And I can't remember what happened.
 They basically had a heart attack.
 Yeah.
 Or something like that.
 They passed out.
 The women jumped in.
 They were qualified doctors and nurses and they jumped in and they immediately got told
 to get out of there.
 Yeah.
 Oh, this guy was dying.
 And then because they've been women in there, they had to throw a load of extra salt
 in.
 Yeah.
 In fact, they were skidding around on the salt and it ruined the whole match.
 It proves it's bad luck.
 There was a guy who was known for the salt, particularly.
 He used to throw just a lot of salt in the ring.
 So his name was Salt Shaker.
 That was his nickname.
 And yeah, that was sort of his pre-match ritual, which became his thing.
 Is it related to the fact that you throw salt over your shoulder?
 So do you throw salt over your left shoulder when have you eaten salt?
 Yeah, a little bit.
 Whenever you eat salt.
 Yeah.
 My dad's always done it's a huge way.
 Actually, we do it when we spill salt.
 I thought it was when he spilled salt.
 Oh, really?
 It's bad luck to spill salt.
 Oh, right.
 And that therefore you have to throw a bit more over your shoulder to counteract the evil.
 But I also do it if I have too much salt in my hands when I'm cooking.
 I have a bit left over.
 It goes over the shoulder rather than in the belly.
 Yeah.
 Under the pretence of doing it for good luck when really you're just too lazy to bother
 actually clearing up.
 I actually do that with all kitchen waste.
 Just something on high restrictions.
 So I did you know that MI5 has high restrictions?
 No.
 And these were introduced in 2004 and it makes a lot of sense.
 So as a man, you're not allowed to be taller than 5 for 11 as a woman you're not allowed to
 be taller than 5 for 8.
 Which is actually, you know, a lot of men are obviously taller than 5 11.
 But it's just so you don't stand out as much in a crowd.
 Literally.
 Yeah.
 It literally.
 I wonder how tall the James Bond is.
 I thought you might ask that.
 Yeah.
 I've heard an answer actually.
 Did you?
 So have you got them all?
 I have, yeah.
 6.
 I know that.
 So is it?
 MI6 have different high requirements.
 Apparently, MI6 has unofficial ones which are quite similar, but MI5s were official.
 But all the James Bond would not have been able to get into the Secret Service under these
 rules except for Daniel Craig who just slots in under.
 So I think he's 5 for 10 and a quarter and all the others are taller than 5 11.
 Could you have like part of your head removed to keep you underneath?
 Oh, that may be very, you've all conspicuous, I guess, if you have a flat head.
 But if you always wore a very boring hat, but that would make you seem taller.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Yeah.
 Maybe you need to cut off the bottom of your feet.
 Yeah.
 Well, I was going to say, I would have my feet extended as a sumo rather than my head.
 Because it's much less dangerous having foot surgery isn't it?
 I see.
 Extended as in like heels.
 Yeah, platform.
 Platforms underneath.
 Platform feet.
 Wow, that's cool.
 That would be a very good thing for a super villain to do to James Bond.
 It's just, instead of killing him, just give him massive leg extensions internally so
 he's 7 for 9 and he can't go any way.
 I think they are making a new James Bond, aren't they?
 Yeah.
 Presumably, there's still time to slip that into the script.
 I think they're looking for a director at the moment.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because Daddy Files not doing it.
 I think the first four person directed James Bond film.
 I was reading in China that if you want to become a teacher, you have to be a certain
 height as well.
 School teachers.
 So this was a story that the BBC published this year about a lady who had qualified
 for her teaching certificate.
 She'd done the years of studying and at graduation.
 They measured her and she wasn't tall enough.
 You can't teach if you're under four foot nine.
 Speaking of restrictions in China.
 So theme park rides often have a high restriction, but there's a new theme park ride in China
 or a new restriction on it, which is a weight restriction.
 But this is more that you have to be over a certain weight in order to ride for free.
 So this is a theme park called Tang Paradise Park and it gives free entry to any women
 who's faster than it's really famous, really respected and admired concubine called Yang Guifei,
 who's an eight century consort and she's like one of China's four great beauties apparently.
 And if you're heavier than she is, so she was 61.8 kilos, you ride for free and it's trying
 to destigmatise chobbiness.
 But you do have to get on a giant pair of weighing scales before you get on the ride.
 Does that do the job?
 Kind of a shaming.
 It's a real fat shaming, but here's your consolation prize, a roller coaster.
 And I just say, I don't.
 It's a roller coaster of emotions, but I like this one.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that a quarter of all mentions of teeth in the Bible also include
 the word gnashing.
 I mainly know the word gnashing from gnashing.
 Oh yeah.
 His dog in the bino, I reckon he got his name from the biblical word.
 I guess he must have done.
 He was very devout.
 So for the QI fact book, I had to find a fact which was related to both teeth and the Bible
 because all the facts are in order.
 And so I went on to the Bible gateway and searched the King James Bible for mentions of teeth
 and there are 56 that I found and 15 of them have the word gnash in one of its various forms.
 The first one is in Job and he says he terreth me in his wrath, who hated me.
 He gnasheth upon me with his teeth, mine enemy sharp enough his eyes upon me.
 So basically just, it's a lot of gnashing of teeth, a lot of people go to hell, a lot of
 people, you know, not so happy in the Bible.
 Is gnashing of teeth?
 Is that like a...
 Yeah, it's like grinding your teeth in and usually it's in anger or in pain or in agony
 or something like that.
 Yeah.
 It's called teeth gnashing, you're gnashing your teeth and it's a dental problem for many
 people.
 So I think one in ten people grind their teeth.
 So it officially is grinding, but grind their teeth and gnash their teeth at night.
 But it is bad.
 It's interesting.
 So people who are teeth, people who are sleep brookses, as they're called, will be gnashing
 their teeth for up to 40 minutes per hour and that's with a force of about 250 pounds.
 So that's a huge amount, you know, that's two or three people.
 And that's compared to sitting in your mouth, just sitting in your mouth on your jaw, gnashing
 your teeth together.
 That's bad.
 And that's compared to in the daytime, if you're an awake brookster, it's just 20 minutes
 per day as opposed to 40 minutes an hour and it's only 20 pounds of force.
 So that's quite a lot of force you're exercising on your little mouth in your sleep.
 Yeah.
 I was reading about teeth just throughout the ages and the one that I had not heard about
 before was what the Mayans used to do with their teeth.
 Oh, what do they do?
 Have we spoken about this before?
 I don't think we have.
 So they were not only very proud of their teeth.
 They had a lot of dentistry work done to them and their dentists have been said when people
 have looked through the records of the different type of things that they don't quite advance
 for their time.
 And one thing they wanted to do was pimp up their teeth just to make it really shiny and
 beautiful.
 So there were two things that they could do.
 One is that they would just cut into each tooth and give it a little indentation.
 So it just looked a bit more interesting than you just your regular flat tooth and they
 would leave that as was.
 But sometimes they would create this indentation, this little crater and they would put little bits
 of jewelry inside that would sit kind of like how a lot of rappers, like Kanye West did
 that recent.
 Not the jewels, but I heard that Mick Jagger got that done with the jewel, but I don't think
 he did.
 I think that's just a story I got told.
 It's not a good rumor, is it?
 Surely you could just look at his face and say, oh no, he didn't do that.
 I think he's had it taken out now, but I think you got a bit of an emerald put in and
 someone said, oh, you people kept saying to him, oh, you got spinach in your teeth.
 But this is a very vague memory.
 Yeah.
 So I don't think it's true.
 Can't believe that's the most exciting rumours I'm going to make up about Mick Jagger.
 I mean, his whole life consists of things more exciting than that.
 So you know what the minds would have been digging into, they would have been digging into
 the skin of the teeth, which is another phrase from the King James Bible.
 Yeah.
 And it's a very weird one as well, because the job says he'd just escaped by the skin of
 his teeth.
 But what does it actually mean?
 Well, a lot of job is, there's a lot of gnashing in job because basically he's him being
 tormented by God and the devil and everyone, right?
 He's just having a pretty bad time of it.
 Awful.
 And so this, in this case, he says, my bone cleave to my skin and to my flesh, and I am escaped
 with the skin of my teeth.
 Wow.
 But it is so unclear what it means and everyone says, oh, I suppose that means you escape
 with as narrow a margin as the skin on your teeth is narrow, but when you read that sentence,
 it's not really what that would mean in English, is it?
 Maybe a few few stepskin.
 I think that's the obvious conclusion.
 We were talking a long time ago.
 And people always left it all at once.
 So it loads, I mean, you know, bite the dust is a thing that's from the Bible, but I look
 for the, well, it's supposedly it is, but the phrase is, they that dwell in the wilderness
 shall bow before him and his enemies shall lick the dust, which is slightly different
 to bite the dust.
 It is.
 Yeah.
 It's another one.
 I'll lick the dust.
 It does not say ring.
 I've got a quiz question for you guys.
 Okay.
 In which religious book does Satan appear to tempt Adam and Eve to eat forbidden fruit?
 Yep.
 The Bible.
 James Harkin.
 It is not the Bible.
 The Torah.
 I'm afraid.
 No.
 Keep going.
 I'm the grunth of seekers of all you've gone too obscure.
 Oh, you've gone too obscure.
 The Book of Mormon.
 It's the Quran.
 Ah.
 So in Genesis in the Bible, there is no mention of the fact that it's Satan.
 It's just a snake.
 And this was an interpretation that was put on it many centuries later.
 It was in the inter-testimental period between all the New Testament.
 They thought, I bet that was Satan.
 But actually, it's just a snake in Genesis.
 But in the Quran, when it describes a story, it says that Adam was tempted by Satan.
 Wow.
 I've got a fact about Bibles.
 Go on.
 Do you know about the space Bibles?
 Space Bibles.
 No.
 So are they Bibles that have been sent into space?
 Exactly.
 Apollo 13.
 Well, they're exactly literally what they did.
 You're good at this.
 Apollo 13.
 And 300 Bibles.
 300?
 No.
 Where?
 Where?
 No.
 No.
 No.
 There were 300.
 What?
 They needed so much rocket fuel for that, surely.
 I know.
 But you need to be able to convert the aliens when you meet them.
 So what it was, you don't remember a microfilm, you know, of making things incredibly small.
 So they were all one inch by one inch, and each of them was printed with all the Holy
 Scriptures.
 And obviously Apollo 13 went pretty badly wrong, but the Bible survived.
 And they went up again with Apollo 14, and 100 of them went to the moon.
 And the other 200 just went up into space.
 Don't you think that that seems like a bad omen?
 I wouldn't want to be on Apollo 14 with the same Bibles that were on Apollo 13.
 I just think that God was angry for some reason.
 Do you know that you're, as of last year, you're no longer allowed to sell biblical teeth,
 or any relic-y teeth?
 And these days, they now have started giving a certificate of authenticity to relics.
 They've always had that though, haven't they?
 Well, I think they now saying officially that these are the only ones recognized by the
 church.
 So if there's a museum that has, for example, I read one has Jesus Christ's bread cutting
 knife from the Last Supper, claims to have it, unless that now has a certificate it cannot
 be considered.
 Who could just wander around going, "Yeah, that one looks real."
 No, that was not.
 I mean, who's deciding what gets a certificate?
 Obviously none of them are real.
 Well, sorry guys.
 They would disagree with that, I imagine.
 Yeah, because they would say none of them is real.
 Is real.
 Is real.
 I don't always make it about that, Andy.
 Okay, it is time to move on to fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that if you bought land in Australia before 1891, you had the legal right to the land
 stretching all the way to the centre of the earth.
 Pretty cool.
 That was amazing.
 Yeah.
 And that's why they always say it's so hot in Australia.
 They're all living on there, right in the cool.
 And so this was an old law, and there was a sort of historical Latin phrase, "Cueoess,
 S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S.S. Quaid, Coilham, Ed, Ed, Ed, Imferos," which means whoever owns
 the soil holds title up to the heavens and down to the depths of hell.
 So that was a legal principle that you just owned all the land.
 So does the heavens extend as far as the infinite universe?
 Like where does that end?
 Well, that's the thing.
 I think it was before people really knew about the infinite universe.
 So they really undersold it when they...
 Yeah.
 They should have tried more.
 But the heaven was up there.
 That's true, which feels blasphemous to us selling a slice of heaven.
 Yeah.
 No, up to the heavens.
 They didn't say penetrates of heaven.
 Oh, right.
 They didn't say up to the heavens.
 Yeah.
 Up to the heavens.
 But it was problematic, wasn't it?
 Because this was before airplanes were invented and before spades were invented.
 So you couldn't go very far off or down in those days.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 And then hot air ballooning was the thing which changed it.
 Because people kept being worried about hot air balloons and saying, "Oh, you've trespassed
 over my house."
 And you're hot air ballooning way up there.
 Yeah.
 But on the court case, wasn't there with the guy who invented Grenada.
 Okay.
 And he owned a house.
 He's called the Baron of Lee or something like that.
 Is this the...
 Is this the chicken guy?
 Oh.
 Because there was a farm called Thomas Lee Corsby who in 1945, and he sued the US government
 because they'd been flying the airplanes above his property.
 So about 83 feet above his property.
 And it was causing his chickens to fly into the walls and kill themselves, apparently.
 He argued.
 And he said he'd have to give up farming because so many of his chickens have died.
 And that's when it was kind of enshrined in law, how much land you were entitled to above
 you.
 And it was established that you're not entitled to all of it, but you're entitled to enough
 land above your house that all your chickens don't die.
 Yeah.
 Actually, my one was the British law.
 So...
 Yeah.
 So that was the American one.
 Got it.
 Australia changed it too.
 I'm very sad to say.
 Did they?
 Yeah, 1891.
 They changed it.
 You'd know only get 15 meters down, as opposed to...
 It's not very much at all.
 Well, when you think it used to be 6,371 kilometers, yeah.
 Exactly.
 Denton, probably.
 Wait, is that half the earth?
 Was that the whole thing?
 That's to the core.
 From the surface.
 Yeah.
 I looked into actually what was going on in Australia in 1891 as a partial Aussie.
 I was sort of thinking, I have no idea what life was like back then.
 So, population of Australia back in 1891 was just over 3 million.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So, the population of London at the exact same time was 5 million something.
 So, the whole population of Australia, yeah, still underneath the city of London, they
 had really cool names for all of their leaders at the time.
 The Premier of New South Wales was called Henry Parks.
 Then you had the Premier of Western Australia who was called John Forrest.
 So, it's all sort of...
 Right.
 Greenery-based.
 And then there's Philip Fish, Premier of Tasmania.
 He was very cool.
 But the most exciting thing was Banjo Patterson, who was our sort of greatest poet, really
 songwriter, Banjo Patterson.
 So he wrote Waltzing Matilda and he wrote Man from Snowy River.
 He wrote in 1891 his Masterpiece.
 Which was?
 No, it was called his Masterpiece.
 It was a poem.
 It's very obscure and no one's really heard of it.
 Very good.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 Thank you.
 Do you know what the deepest building in the world is?
 No.
 Well, according to my research, which was...
 Wait, is this a quiz question?
 Oh, yeah.
 Why don't you do that?
 But you could get it, actually, think of a country where the rules at one stage were that you
 could go really, really deep...
 Australia.
 Australia.
 So it's the deepest building.
 So the Sydney Opera House.
 It's correct.
 Oh, yes.
 Well, this is according to ConstructionWeekOnline.com and I couldn't really find much evidence
 apart from that.
 But apparently, the Car Park extends 12 stories into the earth and that's the deepest
 basement in the world.
 Wow.
 It's so really.
 It's also the fifth deepest that we've ever dug as a sort of operating building in
 the world.
 So that's 120 feet deep.
 The second deepest we've ever gone is the Large Hadron Collider, which is 575 feet deep.
 But the deepest of all.
 Do you guys know?
 There's like boreholes that they have to have.
 So this is where people work.
 So this is like a building effectively.
 Oh, I'm fine.
 No, okay.
 Have we heard of this building?
 No, it's a laboratory in China.
 How are we supposed to get that?
 Well, no.
 I was going to ask you more.
 So if the second deepest is 575 feet, what do you think the deepest is?
 575.5.
 Wow.
 No.
 No.
 No, very far away.
 12 kilometers.
 It's 7,900 feet deep.
 What?
 And that is a, yes, deepest building in the world or laboratory.
 It's inside a mountain.
 But I thought that's a cheat because a mountain is above ground, but actually it starts.
 They start counting it.
 I believe from the bottom of the mountain going down into the earth.
 And which supervillain lives there?
 Yes.
 That's in China.
 Yeah, it's in China.
 What is it?
 The idea is that so it's a laboratory and I think they want to study the background radiation
 and dark matter and so on.
 And the lower you go, radiation becomes less, so they do it from there, but I don't know
 how they can see.
 But yeah.
 How they can see.
 They'll be electric lights and stuff.
 There we go.
 They probably do have that technology.
 Yeah.
 Since we, you know, we're investigating dark, mushroom background radiation now.
 I think they're going to bring a candle down at the very least.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that jumping spiders that wear eyeliner are more likely to be eastern
 by their mate.
 Well, yeah.
 So the way this works is, and this is some experiments that are being done in a lab in
 Florida.
 It's a lab of a behavioral ecologist called Lisa Taylor.
 And she was looking at how jumping spiders kind of flirt with each other.
 And so if you're jumping spider male, one of the problems is with a lot of spiders is
 that if you're trying to flirt with a female, there's sort of an equal chance that she'll
 eat you instead.
 So I think about one in five jumping spiders who tried to flirt with females, then get attacked
 and they tried to eat them.
 I like those odds.
 And she noticed that some of them have these really bright red and white stripes on their
 faces to make themselves look a bit toxic so that it doesn't get eaten by the mate.
 And so she was like, "If I put some black eyeliner on their eyes to cover up these red stripes,
 they now won't look toxic and they'll get eaten."
 And she said, "She did find that suddenly they stopped eating them."
 Wow.
 Once the stripes were taken.
 I thought it was that the red complexion signifies health.
 And the females were noticing the colour and saying, "Oh, good, nice and healthy."
 Well, it's both.
 It's a combination.
 So red signifies health.
 So they think, "Oh, good.
 I want to shag that."
 But it also signifies toxicity.
 So they think, "I don't want to eat it."
 So that's exactly what you want as a male because you want sex, but you don't want to be eaten.
 That's why are they not all red all the time?
 Evolution doesn't start at the end point, James, does it?
 You're quite right.
 It just takes time.
 And they're doing more experiments on them now where they're putting false eyelashes on
 the top of their heads.
 Oh, yeah.
 So some of them have these tufts which may indicate genetic fitness.
 And so they're gluing little bits of false eyelashes onto the top of their heads to get
 them extra tuft and seeing if that indicates anything to the females.
 So they're basically making themselves very, very slightly taller to improve their amazing,
 amazing.
 Yeah.
 But it's interesting.
 It sounds like the tests are aimed at helping a helpless male as in it's trying to walk
 because the jumping spider basically doesn't even know which is his own species when
 he woos.
 Oh, yeah.
 He just, whatever he walks up to, whichever spider he starts dancing and trying to woo, even
 if they can't breed, and it leads to nothing.
 So he exerts all this energy for nothing, he just has no idea.
 He doesn't just lead to nothing.
 They frequently get eaten because they approach the spider of the wrong species and start
 flirting.
 Yeah.
 That's like flirting with a lion.
 Yeah.
 Isn't it?
 If you couldn't tell a woman from a lion just every now and then you think I'm in here
 and then you get eaten.
 That'd be awful.
 Oh, I'm just going to pop down into that lovely ladies enclosure.
 And they dance for about 20 minutes, which is a long time if you're a spider because
 they only live for two years.
 So that's equivalent.
 If every time we had sex, we had to do an 11 hour caught ship dance, that's equivalent
 of that.
 Wow.
 Oh, my God.
 That's amazing.
 Which is worth a try.
 I think it is.
 You'd be too tired by the end though.
 You'd be.
 You don't have to evolve.
 It'll never know as to that it's a lion.
 I was reading about how jumping spiders jump how they get the, why they're given that name
 because they can leap huge heights.
 I think one was found in the UK recently that could leap six foot, which I think is
 a record.
 What I thought was it must be their muscular legs that allows a jumping spider to leap.
 That's not the case.
 What they do is they segment their muscles into different, so basically their leg is broken
 up into two different bits.
 And the leap comes from them slamming blood into the bottom of their legs.
 And that just lobs them off, gives their legs a reaction to jump.
 It's not actual muscle.
 Wow.
 So they must feel really lightheaded when they do it, right?
 Because all the blood's gone to their legs.
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 So do you think every time they jump, they pass out in the air.
 It must be, right?
 Yeah.
 But the other thing is that they can stop halfway through a jump.
 What?
 It's pretty cool.
 What do you mean by that?
 So they can spin a really quick line of silk and then use that as a drag line to create
 air resistance.
 That's fine.
 Yeah.
 Like, basically, yeah, just like Spider-Man, so they can just stop halfway through a jumping
 if they decide it's a bad idea.
 Yeah.
 Or slow down dramatically on there.
 And they always, a lot of them often do it to make sure they don't massively crash land.
 So if you just jump with no drag line, then you face first teeth out.
 But with the drag line, they can sort of reorient themselves in the air.
 Yeah.
 It's very clever.
 I read about the dancing and how it evolved, because like Hannah says, you don't start
 the end with evolution.
 And in this article, they said that basically you do your dance as a spider and the female
 is generally not interested.
 And so you have to do a slightly better dance, and then she is interested.
 And then the next generation does that slightly better dance, but then their generation isn't
 that interested.
 So that's why the dances are so long and complicated, because basically over the millions and millions
 of years, they've been improving their dance moves, but do they do the better and better?
 Do they do the history of all the dance moves until they get to the end?
 New move.
 That's why it's 20 minutes.
 Yeah.
 So basically you're doing, if you try to do the dance moves that you'll great, great, great,
 great, great, great grandfather did, it wouldn't work on the current crop of spider-Man.
 I can't confirm that if you do the Charleston, it will get exactly as very little interest.
 That certainly means that we're much less involved in spiders, because they're doing that
 and we've got flossing.
 After millions of years of evolution, humans have managed to do a flossing dance.
 Or is it true that the flossing is the absolute epitome of the possibility of dancing this
 millions of years?
 No, I don't think it is true.
 So after a female jumping spider's mate for the first time, many of them will never have
 any interest in sex ever again.
 Oh.
 I know.
 This is just like my marriage.
 I don't even know why it's so much like that.
 It's completely fine.
 It's completely fine.
 And you're a comedian.
 It's the law.
 I wasn't saying my wife was fat, but she got into every Chinese theme part for free.
 My goodness.
 Okay.
 So there's a species called Survivor Incana, and it was called and tested and they have sex
 only once.
 And then the females, they just have all the sperm they need for the rest of their life.
 So they can produce lots of generations.
 Yeah.
 So they keep the sperm ready, don't they?
 They just store it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So that's all they need of one chick.
 Sometimes two.
 Sometimes they go back for one more portion of sex.
 Wow.
 Luckily guys.
 Yeah.
 So every poor husband is desperately hoping for that second chick.
 His whole life.
 So there's a really cool thing about some jumping spiders, actually at least 30 different
 species, which practice bondage with females.
 And this is actually a quite a good way of not letting them attack an EU.
 And so they sort of tie them up in silk before sex.
 So you cripple the woman by tying her to your wearable tying her legs together.
 And then you're giving me a look like that's unfair, but she is going to eat you if you don't
 do it.
 No, no.
 And that's true.
 Yeah.
 And that's true.
 Yeah.
 And that's true.
 Yeah.
 And that's true.
 Yeah.
 They're known quite swiftly as bridal veils, these things in the quite euphemistically you
 might say.
 Well, yes, indeed.
 Because the bridal veil isn't massive and doesn't have weight all around it, so cure the
 woman to the floor.
 How do you think I got married?
 Again.
 Can't help it.
 Well, that is, yeah, that's where something.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's handy.
 And they actually tested this because a scientist wanted to work out if the ones who
 were unable to spin these things got eaten more regularly.
 And so again, they did this very cool experiment where they put dental silicon into their web
 spinning apparatus, which means that they can't use it anymore.
 And the way they immobilize spiders so that they're able to do this is they put them
 in the freezer.
 And apparently that temporary immobilizes a spider.
 So this is just scientists always do this.
 Okay.
 So there's jumping spiders, some jumping spiders, they call it singing, basically they rub
 the body segments together and it makes vibrations which get communicated to the female
 and the females hear it through a slit in their legs, which is quite cool.
 And every spider has its own special embellishments that he adds.
 So 7% of courtships, whether that happens, end in the male being eaten, which is not great
 odds, but not terrible.
 But researchers then incapacitated the males and stopped them from singing.
 I don't know how, whether they just, you know, put that made their bodies stiffer so they
 couldn't rub the sections together.
 Are you ashamed of them?
 If you just say that was really out of tune or something?
 Yeah, they're ashamed of them.
 They did something stop them from singing.
 And if the males aren't allowed to sing by researchers, 30% get eaten.
 And really?
 So there are at least three separate experiments where researchers have stopped male spiders
 from not being eaten in their courtships.
 It's a bit of a theme.
 Yeah, and these researchers are starting to look like the bad guys aren't they?
 Think about it.
 So there are, there are actually animals in the wild that sort of wear and make up themselves
 without scientists supplying it to them.
 Okay.
 And before about, there was that, um, vulture, uh, the bearded vulture, uh, rubs its head
 in its bottom in, in soil and it sort of gets its face or scruffy.
 It gives it a reddish brown hue that it then uses to attract, uh, and probably intimidate
 possibly.
 But relevant to the jumping spider of the fact, um, there are assassin bugs, uh, that go
 around wearing the dead carcasses of the ants that they've killed.
 As a, what the article said is a sort of backpack.
 So they just wear a bunch of them and it's to trick jumping spiders into not eating them.
 So it's effectively a backpack of camouflage.
 And this is makeup, we're saying, right?
 This is, uh, it's more, uh, sort of, you've done your makeup, you now need your bag.
 It's in the putramons.
 You're going out.
 Yeah.
 Imagine if you had your makeup artist.
 You're ready to go and tell me, and what would you like some blusher?
 Could I have a few corpses piled onto my back please, and it's all around my body?
 Flamingos wear makeup.
 Don't they?
 Yeah.
 But they sort of generate their own makeup.
 So it's like having a mascara gland.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So they have this oil, which they, uh, they secrete from a gland near their tails and, uh,
 it has various health effects.
 So it's not just used for cosmetic reasons, but they dorb the oil onto their feathers from
 the gland.
 And one of the effects it has is to make them a deeper pink and scientists have observed
 that during the mating season, they do it much more often.
 So that seems to be an indication that they are, because, because being deep pink is
 quite sexy, to a flamingo.
 It's like, well, it's like a fake tan.
 Yeah, a fake tan?
 It's sort of real tan, actually, isn't it?
 It's like having a sun cream gland near your bottom, which squirts out all over your body.
 Yeah.
 Would you rather have that or a ham for a ham?
 That's such a nice--
 That's quite niche, that isn't it?
 Yeah.
 The people who get it are going to love it.
 It's going to explode.
 That's incredible crossover.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy at UnderhunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin and Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep.
 We also have a group account, which is @nosuchthing.
 We have a Facebook page.
 No such thing as a fish.
 Just go on there and put that in, or go to nosuchthing as a fish.com.
 This is our newly rebooted website.
 It has links to all of our episodes, our upcoming book, our tour dates, everything that
 you'd want from us.
 It's on there.
 So please head there, no such thing as a fish.com.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 I'm trying to eat that again.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
