 (bluesing)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (bluesing)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you live from the Lowry in Salford.
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Ani Chazinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one,
 and that's my fact this week.
 My fact is that in 17th century Europe,
 people used to sing each other the news.
 (audience laughing)
 That's how they got the news.
 It would be sung at their face.
 ♪ There's been a theft ♪
 Like that, like that thing.
 Yeah.
 No, this is the thing.
 In the 17th century, illiteracy rates were so high
 that if they did publish newspapers,
 no one was really buying them because they couldn't read them.
 So what they ended up doing was they were taking
 classic, classic ballads of the time,
 but then applying just the news of the data them.
 And so people would go on the streets
 and they would start singing the news
 and people would memorize the songs that they were singing
 and they would pass it on and pass it on.
 And that's how the news got around.
 And so it was for everything from political news
 to sentimental stories, religious news,
 royal rumors, medical advice.
 Did they do like an unfindly at the end
 with a dog on a surfboard or something?
 (audience laughing)
 They did have a paywall.
 So people plugged the ballads.
 So there were guys going around selling the ballads
 and they would sing them to the audience on the street
 going on to drum up interest,
 but they would not sing the last verse.
 So you didn't know how it ended.
 So there was a thing where it goes gray on the website,
 but that's an execution ballad.
 How often was it?
 And he pulled his head out just in time.
 (audience laughing)
 Well, it is a bit like the internet today, isn't it?
 'Cause so they had these sheets
 that you could buy the sheet music if you wanted to
 and then you could share it on the streets by singing it
 and then it gave you ideas of morality
 and stuff like that.
 So it is a little bit like reading the news on the internet
 and then sharing it and then commenting on it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Except it was just a lot more gruesome.
 I mean, they were kind of disgusting in their taste.
 I don't know if you've heard any of the news
 over the last few years.
 (audience laughing)
 The fact that I'm not on social media
 makes that an unreliable comment.
 But there was one.
 So there was a French song in fact,
 which was set to a really fun tune apparently.
 So they were like quite upbeat.
 And it was about a hugano whose execution got interrupted
 because the people thought that they weren't being harsh enough
 or just chopping his head off or hanging him, sorry,
 they were hanging him.
 And so the people dragged him to a dung heap
 and mutilated him and this ballad went,
 the little children all got together yelling
 and singing joyously, having a great time,
 pulling out his innards to throw them in the fire,
 removing his guts and organs
 and then a dog swallowed his heart.
 There you go, there you go.
 (audience laughing)
 Doesn't even rhyme.
 (audience laughing)
 I think it rhymed in French to be there.
 But they used to as well, not just report the news,
 but in the execution ballads, this moral thing
 that James is talking about, they used to then do verses
 from the perspective of the person
 who was killed, guilty and her hanged.
 And that's where the moral would come in.
 They would suddenly, it was as if the news
 was reading a quote from someone,
 but that quote never existed.
 So they would be saying, oh, I lament what I did
 and I wish I had not done it.
 And oh, what a silly sausage I was.
 And that was the way of saying that everyone was upset
 about the crime they committed in a new show.
 This mortal life, I will depart
 to then a dog will swallow my heart.
 (audience laughing)
 And then you end.
 Yes?
 Yeah.
 That was really nice.
 That was really good.
 Born in the wrong century, mate.
 (audience laughing)
 And the nice thing was, it was tunes that everyone knew.
 So they used green sleeves for a load of ballads
 because you know, you couldn't say,
 you couldn't get people to sing a news
 if they didn't know the tune.
 That's so appropriate
 'cause didn't Henry VIII write that song?
 No.
 No, that is a myth.
 So it's completely...
 (audience laughing)
 Just a...
 No, no, no, there is a rumour that he did.
 Yeah.
 It was written around the same time as him.
 So he wrote it?
 I don't know.
 (audience laughing)
 The thing is, if we think we have fake news now,
 I mean, this was out of control.
 So it was mostly kind of overheard gossip and rumours
 because so people having to sort of eavesdrop
 on diplomats and things like that
 and talk to people who talk to people who've been at court.
 And so there was even a proclamation in 1672,
 Charles II, in fact, issued a proclamation
 to restrain the spreading of false news,
 which is just very epresient.
 But there was even ballads about how they shouldn't write ballads
 that were so full of fake news.
 (audience laughing)
 A whole ballad that was taking the piss saying,
 "The all the ballads we hear these days
 are full of stories, stories, lies, and stories,
 a pox on your newsletters, they lie both and flatters,
 they are but a trap to weedle men in."
 Wow.
 There are some Manchester ones.
 It's so, I've read quite a few of them.
 And they include things like these are all ballads
 that were real, the spinners lamentation,
 Victoria Bridge on a Saturday night,
 and Johnny Green's trip from Oldham
 to see the Manchester Railway.
 (audience laughing)
 Sounds fun.
 I found a 17th century song, not telling the news,
 but just a ballad that survived the times.
 And the title of it is Kentish Dick
 or The Lusty Coachman of Westminster.
 And it was a story about a guy who moved to London
 and he would go around wooing women
 and he would trick them into believing
 that he was gonna be there for all of their life.
 And he would sleep with them and they might get pregnant
 and they thought they had a whole life with them
 and then he would just disappear
 and the whole song was teaching a moral
 and it has a line in it where the town seeks to sever from him
 that unruly limb.
 (audience laughing)
 Yeah.
 And then he was just called Kentish after that, wasn't he?
 (audience laughing)
 Do you know that under the town police
 clause is active 1847?
 It's still an offense to publicly sing
 any profane or obscene song or ballad in the street.
 - Is it?
 - Yeah, so you're not allowed to do it.
 - Oh.
 - So Andy, sorry.
 I don't know.
 - We could have performed Citizens' Arrest on
 all the people of Newcastle last night.
 (audience laughing)
 - And when I was looking that up, I found this,
 this isn't on topic at all,
 but I found out that there is a pub in Whitehall in London
 called the Silver Cross Pub,
 which is technically the nation's only legal brothel.
 - Really?
 - Because it was given a license by Charles I,
 which has never been revoked.
 - What did he mean?
 - And they have an upstairs room that you could hire.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - Just another fact.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's actually the sponsor for this week's podcast.
 - I was looking at some other ballads and what they were written for.
 So a lot of them, maybe the most popular type
 were drinking songs, and they were used to be plastered up in pubs.
 So, and this is particularly in Britain and England, especially.
 So in England, ballads were written on single sides,
 because they had to be used as wallpaper in various pubs.
 Whereas in the continent, they were double sided,
 because they were pamphlets.
 But they had these drinking ballads
 and I read one of them, which was at the end of every verse,
 it would say, "Oh, we've had this one drink now, bring us another."
 So every verse was, "You had to down your drink and get another one."
 And they had 13 verses.
 So one song, you had to drink 13 pints.
 - Whoa.
 - There were quite a lot of heartbreak balance as well.
 That was another big genre.
 So I am a bachelor, isn't it sad?
 It was the title of one of them, or "Each has a lover but me."
 Daddy come home.
 I don't think that is actually a single one.
 Jack and his nuts, possibly a relation of Kentish dick.
 And my favorite is Nancy, I have lost my wig.
 Well, great song.
 That's awesome.
 You were saying Anna about how they got these ballads
 and they put them on the wall in the pub.
 They'd often put it on the doorpost of the inn,
 and they used to call that posting.
 And that's how we eventually get the phrase
 posting a message on the internet.
 It's from the same story.
 - You kidding. - Wow.
 - Wow.
 - So you basically, you had posting things
 on the posts outside the pub,
 and then you went to, like, newspapers were called the post,
 and then you would have postal services,
 and then you had posting internet things.
 - Oh, that's awesome.
 - The phrase, dick pick, comes from Kentish dick.
 - It used to be, he would do a woodcut of his penis.
 (laughing)
 - Don't say cut.
 (laughing)
 - Don't say wood.
 (laughing)
 - Thought very wrong.
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is, that pound for pound,
 a 33 gram finch can bite you 320 times harder
 than a T-Rex could.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, but pound for pound, actually.
 (laughing)
 So there's not many pounds in a finch, is there?
 - No.
 - There's a line of T-Rex.
 - That's true.
 So this is, like, it's good news in various ways,
 because it turns out the finches are small
 and T-Rexes are all dead.
 So, in a way, we're fine.
 - Swim, win.
 - Yeah, win, win.
 But this is a study that has just been done
 into bite force, and it's, you know,
 we know roughly what the T-Rex could jump.
 So, if it bit you, it was the equivalent
 of 13 grand pianos landing on you.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - That's a brilliant cartoon, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 - I'm like, I'm Bill.
 (laughing)
 - So they could bite really, really hard.
 There's no one disputing that.
 But there's, there's, there's, the study has measured
 hundreds of different animals' bite strength,
 and this tiny finch, the Galapagos finch,
 has a very powerful bite, relative to its body size.
 So, yeah.
 I read that it's, the, if a finch was scaled up
 to a T-Rex's size, its bite would be 320 times stronger
 than that of a T-Rex.
 And a T-Rex had a bite force of 12,800 pounds.
 So, the finch would have a bite force of four million pounds.
 - Whoa.
 - And a rocket has five million pounds of thrust.
 - Wow.
 So, I don't think this is realistic, and yeah.
 - I'm just so concerned now
 that someone involved with Jurassic Park 29, or wherever we are,
 is listening, and is like, I've got the climactic moment
 to the next, Bill.
 (laughing)
 Giant finch thunder zone.
 (laughing)
 Just swallows the T-Rex.
 - That's what the author said, that this is Reading University,
 and they said, "The King of the Dinosaurs
 would be no match for a finch in a fight
 if they were the same size."
 (laughing)
 - Oh my God, the idea of finch size T-Rex is very huge.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, you do, they do know what baby T-Rex's look like now.
 - So they just write small T-Rexes?
 - Yeah, pretty much.
 - Right.
 - No, they've done a picture of what they might look like,
 and they're really cute and fluffy,
 and they had normal length dams
 compared to the T-Rexes have small arms,
 but they have no more.
 And so, at some stage in their puberty,
 their arms just became small.
 - Wow.
 - Well, they keep growing, but their arms have stopped.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Well, all their arms have become small.
 It's like, it's--
 - It's so relative, I think.
 - It's one of them, it's so relative.
 (laughing)
 - So it's a pinch, but if it bit me on my finger,
 what would that feel like?
 - Your hand would explode.
 - What did?
 - It would hardly hurt at all.
 - Not at all, really.
 - And the thing is, basically,
 it's the thing with ants being able
 to carry massive things, isn't it?
 If things are small, it's much easier for them
 to do things in impressive ways.
 - That's true.
 - Sorry, I was kidding.
 (laughing)
 - That's my Tinder profile.
 (laughing)
 - But you don't understand.
 - Pound for pound, this is like average sex.
 With a T-Rex.
 (laughing)
 - Good.
 Well, that under things that aren't gonna work.
 (laughing)
 But they have just looked into T-Rex adolescence
 and discovered some quite interesting stuff about it.
 So they have adolescence kind of like humans.
 They have found out how old T-Rexes would grow too,
 is about 28, and the adolescence happened
 between 14 and 18.
 And that's where they just had their massive growth spurt.
 And the way they can tell this is
 'cause they look at the growth rings on them.
 So they study growth rings on ribs.
 And they have mineral deposits that lay down
 every year as they grow.
 And so then you can count, you know,
 at what point they grew a lot suddenly.
 - So they're like trees?
 - That's the analogy I was going for, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - I was looking in, there's a museum,
 which is the Museum of Astrius.
 And it's in Spain, and they have a model of a T-Rex.
 And it's the weirdest thing.
 And this is a museum that they invite children to
 and adults and it's a family day out.
 And the structure of it is,
 they're showing two T-Rexes mid-copulation.
 They're having sex.
 So the female T-Rexes, it's a doggie style,
 basically, position of these two giant skeletons.
 And the weird thing is, there's no reason for it
 because we don't even know how they have sex.
 There's just no point.
 They're just speculating that that's what it is.
 But when you go in there,
 there's a T-Rex taking another T-Rex from behind.
 It's crazy.
 (laughing)
 - They have started playing feathers on the museum,
 which I appreciate.
 I went to a natural history museum in Tasmania recently
 'cause you know, they discovered
 that most dinosaurs had feathers.
 And so they've had to go back through
 all the old bloody museums and pin feathers
 to all their exhibits.
 And they're doing it.
 - Do you know that T-Rexes got mouthfulses?
 - No, really. - Yeah, they did.
 So they looked at microbes in coprolites in T-Rex poo
 and they found that they had the same kind of microbes
 as birds get and it gives their mouthfulses.
 So we think that probably T-Rexes had mouthfulses.
 - That's amazing.
 - So finches, yeah.
 So this is a thing also about adolescence, actually.
 Adolescent finches.
 So teenage finches, they learn how to sing zebra finches.
 They learn how to sing from their fathers
 and they get taught this incredibly complicated set of tunes.
 But we have recently discovered.
 So most animals learn kind of by road,
 they just listen and repeat, listen and repeat.
 What's really rare in the animal kingdom
 is learning via social cues.
 So if I was singing my song and my father
 sort of gave a sign of approval or disapproval
 and you know, that's how they do it.
 But they don't learn from their fathers.
 They learn from their mothers
 and the way they learn is
 their mothers kind of give the signs of finding them attractive.
 So they do what's called fluffing up,
 which is a signal that a female likes a male song.
 And basically the young finches sing.
 And if they get the song close to their father's song,
 the mum fluffes up.
 And it's basically she's saying,
 that's just how your father wooed me.
 - That's quite a nice.
 That's like a mum sending their son
 after the proms sorting out his hair before he leaves
 or something.
 - But making it look exactly like his father's hair
 and saying, I'll find this attractive
 and I want you to look like it.
 - It's a combination of sweet and creepy, yeah.
 - It's back to the future, isn't it?
 - That's back to the future.
 - They also, when they're tiny the finches,
 they have a very amazing ability for feeding at night.
 These are the baby finches and they lose this as they get older.
 They have these little nodules that glow in the dark.
 They're these blue nodules that suddenly glow
 so that when the mother is looking to feed them,
 she can specify which ones are where
 and not lose any food in the process.
 How cool is that?
 - That's amazing.
 - They glow in the dark.
 - On their singing, they have another very clever thing
 they do when they sing, which is,
 have started to happen since global warming became a thing.
 And this is that zebra finches sing to the embryos
 in their eggs.
 So the mothers will sing into their eggs
 and their singing will be a warning
 about the temperature outside.
 And this tells the embryo inside the egg
 how much or how little to grow.
 So if it's getting hot outside, which it often is now,
 then the zebra finch sings a song to its embryo's going
 is pretty warm out here.
 That's amazing.
 Don't grow too big.
 There's been an armed robbery in Gemstone.
 I was just going to say, we've had them sing in the news.
 Now we're having them sing in the weather.
 We just need someone sing in the spot and we're there.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And the vampire finches, do you know who's going to snuggle those guys?
 They have very sharp beaks and they pick at the skin of boobies
 and they drink the blood out of these booby birds
 and it even breaks into the booby eggs and drinks the contents.
 And sometimes it does it with humans.
 Sometimes it will try and peck on a human
 and try and get at the blood as well.
 But not the human eggs?
 No.
 That's a very difficult thing to do, isn't it?
 I don't know how it's got there.
 You've got bigger things to worry about.
 A low process of trust gaining over the months.
 You start with the boobies.
 This fact is also about biting.
 I've found a couple of things about biting.
 This is just a bit of a useful thing to know.
 And it's something that science is looking into at the moment
 because I think it can be applied in the long term
 to mosquito sprays.
 But mosquitoes, if a mosquito is biting you,
 if you slap your arm or wherever it's biting,
 if you slap there, it sends vibrations up through to mosquito.
 And when they leap off, they associate the smell
 that you have with what just happened there,
 the fear that they might be killed.
 And the reason that mosquito is land on us
 is they're attracted to a smell.
 And they remember the smell.
 So it turns out that if you do that,
 you're going to put the mosquito off for 24 hours.
 That same mosquito won't come back and land on you.
 It might be a different one, but it will think,
 I might get killed if I go back to that smell.
 Remember the smell of your body.
 Exactly.
 So they think that's a threat.
 I can't go back there.
 That might kill me.
 So all mosquito products at the moment
 are trying to work out how they can get what we manage
 to do with our pheromones and our body smell into that
 in order to stop.
 But next time you've got mosquitoes around,
 just slap yourself a lot.
 And you'll be all of your body.
 Just slap yourself silly.
 And yeah.
 But it kind of implies that the next mosquito repellents
 are just going to be lots of little slappers
 that we have to pin to our bodies.
 I can't lay little mouse traps all over us,
 constantly smacking us.
 I'd rather be bitten.
 OK.
 That's firstly.
 For everyone else, it lasts for 24 hours.
 That's pretty good.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what makes-- so humans, we have a certain bike
 question.
 We have quite a strong bite.
 But do you know we probably could bite much harder than we do.
 But what would you think holds us back?
 What do you think determines how hard we bite?
 How good our muscles are in our jaws.
 So--
 I say willpower.
 So I think--
 James is wrong, Andy's more wrong.
 This is--
 That's a dreamy girl for the three-time.
 I just think socially it looks awkward
 if you're biting harder than--
 we have a winner.
 There we go.
 No, this is an experiment that was done
 by a guy called Dr. G. E. Black.
 This was actually in 1933.
 It was a long time ago.
 But he invented what he called a nathodinomometer.
 And this was basically-- he put some rubber pads on the steel
 instrument he designed.
 And he got 1,000 people to bite down on it.
 And he worked out that the restrictive factor
 on how hard you can bite is not your jaw strength.
 It's your teeth.
 So the people stopped biting when they said my teeth really
 hurt.
 And actually, if you think about it,
 when your jaw more power than your teeth
 are able to withstand.
 So if you just man up and deal with the tooth pain--
 Willpower.
 That's what it says.
 Yeah.
 Yep, you're right.
 I amend my response.
 You're correct.
 Thank you.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the most polluted city
 in the world is Kanpur.
 It is nicknamed the Manchester of the East.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I've lost them, guys.
 Unbelievably risky.
 What do you think, Amy?
 So I mean, this is true.
 It's their particles in the air.
 It's especially particles with a diameter of less
 than 2.5 micrometers, which basically means soot.
 And it's because of the tanning industry.
 There's a local wind called the Lou of Kanpur, which
 gives them really bad dust storms.
 And it's, yeah, it's really, really bad.
 But the reason that they call it the Manchester of the East
 is because, obviously, Manchester
 used to have extremely bad pollution.
 And also, it's kind of an industrial town.
 A Manchester is one of the most famous industrial towns,
 because it's such a great city.
 Nice.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Good.
 It's kind of bad.
 Yeah.
 A great back track.
 You say Manchester used to have quite bad pollution.
 Let's face it, it still does.
 So I actually thought this would be a thing where we went,
 oh, and it's such a misnomer, because Manchester's fine now.
 And if you look at air pollution rates,
 I always thought London was the worst.
 But actually, topping the list from last year
 is Port Talbot in Wales, because they've got big steelworks.
 And then second is not, in fact, Manchester.
 It is where we are right now, which is sulphur.
 Scumthorpe and sulphur, joint second.
 And do you know what's third?
 This is really where the third most polluted place in Britain.
 No.
 Gibraltar.
 What?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, I'm sure it won't be for long.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That is because half of the world's sea trade
 goes through the Gibraltar strait.
 And so all of those polluting particles coming from the sea.
 And they have no countryside around there.
 It's just that literally that little rock.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It just pulls in there.
 Those poor monkeys.
 So the term acid rain was coined in Manchester in 1872.
 Friedrich Engels, who I lived here for a little while,
 he described it as a place of filth
 ruin and inhabits a bullness.
 And he described it as hell on earth.
 But in fairness at the time, it was when Manchester
 was really growing.
 And people had come over from Ireland.
 And the cotton mills had just started.
 And it was not a great place to live unlike now.
 And so, although having said that,
 there was a pub for every 139 residents of Manchester.
 Nice.
 Wow.
 And one in 40 of the city's population
 was arrested for drunkenness within a single year.
 Wow.
 [APPLAUSE]
 That's very good.
 I found a different thing that Engels observed when he was in town.
 1845, he was around.
 He was amazed to discover that there
 were flourishing pigries in every back street in the city.
 Yes, still.
 You haven't been around today.
 Yeah, but it was very useful.
 And in fact, that was the case all over the country.
 It wasn't just Manchester.
 Is it a pigery just where you're farming pigs?
 It's a pig.
 It's a pig.
 It's whatever tiny space you keep a pig in as a pigery.
 It depends on the presence or absence of a pig.
 If hasn't got a pig in there, it's just a small yard.
 Are you claiming that if you've got one pig,
 you've got a pigery?
 Yes.
 Really?
 No, it's not a thriving pigery, is it?
 I would say it's on its last leg.
 It's a struggling pigery.
 Yeah, but it's a very good waste disposal unit.
 All rubbish goes into the pig and the pig eats everything.
 And then you eat the pig.
 Yeah, perfect.
 It's a slightly slow way of eating lots of rubbish, basically.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just on city nicknames, this--
 so this is about a city nickname.
 And Manchester used to be called Cottonopolis.
 And you say it wasn't a good place to be,
 but it's always very much swings around about.
 So in the 19th century, it was also extremely wealthy
 and kind of an awesome place to be, because you could make money.
 But I was reading an account of someone
 who was traveling around Manchester for the first time
 in the mid-19th century and loving it and, you know,
 saying, you know, it's so brilliant
 and people are all about the cotton mills.
 And he kept on asking to be shown round a cotton mill,
 like given a tourist visitor tour.
 And they would never let him, because they
 were so paranoid about everyone else stealing their technology,
 because they had the best cotton technology they went and out in.
 In 1871, 32% of all the cotton in the world
 was made in Manchester.
 Oh, wow.
 On the planet, a whole planet.
 I just say that's incredible.
 So there were gangs as well, because obviously lots of people
 moving from the country to the city, lots of people
 in a cramped space, you get gangs.
 And are the people familiar with the skuttlers?
 Is that a thing still?
 Not still.
 OK.
 They are not thriving.
 It's like the Piggory.
 But they were a gang who really plagued the city in the late 19th century.
 And they had a very distinctive look.
 They had a fringe, which was called a donkey fringe.
 And they had neck-achiefs, which told you which gang they were in,
 which was quite smart.
 So you could see the stripes of the spots.
 And so, oh, you were that gang.
 But the way they started, the skuttlers,
 it started with a historical reenactment society that got out of hand.
 No.
 So it's a historical, Andrew Davis has written a book about this.
 This is what it says about the book.
 Davis has identified the trigger point for skuttling
 as arising from the reception of the Franco-Prussian wall
 by the schoolboys of ancodes.
 Young boys recreated the battles on the streets of ancodes
 using the categories of Catholic French and Protestant Russian
 to reflect their own legences.
 The game very quickly evolved into a widespread folk for street battles.
 And it just turned into gang warfare.
 Wow.
 The worst place to go was on Deansgate, wasn't it?
 That was where they all hung out.
 OK.
 And the absolute worst place was a hovel
 on the corner of Harbin Street and Deansgate,
 which today is a Wagababas.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, wow.
 I've only gone downhill.
 I have a sort of modern Manchester fact.
 I imagine everyone here will know this.
 So apologies to the crowd here.
 But people at home and overseas won't know this.
 But we all know Manchester United and Man City as the football teams.
 And in 2011, they were awarded the third-ever annual Jelly
 Dona Award for--
 it's done by the accredited language services.
 They award the best translation errors each year.
 And when the Man City Stadium was the Etihad Stadium,
 Etihad in Arabic means United.
 And--
 No.
 Yeah.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Yeah.
 So Man City suddenly were playing in the Etihad.
 That's such a good fact.
 I love it.
 You know, Xi Jinping came to Manchester in 2015
 and visited Man City.
 And he visited the stadium.
 And he was given a copy of the rules of football as a gift,
 because football was something that was invented in England.
 And so he was given a copy of the rules that were drawn up
 in 1863.
 And in exchange, Xi Jinping gave us a copper representation
 of a figure playing Kuzhu, the football-esque sport invented
 in China 2,000 years ago.
 Wow.
 Feels like a bit of a slam.
 Just on world leaders, do you know that Manchester United
 was literally hours away from being
 owned by Colonel Gaddafi?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So not the whole thing, but a huge percentage, 29.9%.
 It was the guy who broke the deal to the Glazer family
 who did take over.
 He said it was hours away from not going to them
 and going to Gaddafi instead.
 Bad luck, guys.
 What might have been?
 OK.
 It is time for a final fact of the show.
 And that is Chazinsky.
 My fight is that dogs over 35 centimeters tall
 are banned from Beijing.
 There's a high restriction.
 They all get measured.
 If they're too tall, they've got to go.
 So China has this bizarre history with dog laws.
 And this one was passed in 2003.
 And it was about what breeds of dogs and what kind of dogs
 are allowed in Beijing in the center of Beijing, really.
 And then in bits of the rural districts,
 if you're taller than 35 centimeters and a dog, not allowed,
 if you are on a list of 41 breeds that they listed,
 you're not allowed.
 So like setters, greyhounds, mastiffs,
 holding the sheep dogs.
 There's really huge shaggy things.
 Band, collies, also called a band.
 Dogs, Dalmatian, all the classics.
 Chow Chows, which I had a chow-chow and a chow-chow
 is a Chinese dog.
 So that's weird.
 I thought chow-chows were quite small.
 No, chow-chows, they're like the Chewbacca looking guys.
 Oh, right.
 OK.
 And they used to be warrior dogs for the Chinese armies.
 And so they're very revered there.
 So that's bizarre that they're on that list.
 But could you get your dog to, for example, sit?
 So it's shorter than 35 centimeters tall.
 Oh, yeah.
 It won't change your height when you sit down, like--
 But they could do that wiping bum shuffle that they do,
 and just walk like that.
 What about-- you could give it a haircut.
 So you could-- I bet if you shaved a sheep dog,
 there's tiny under all that.
 The whole point is that these breeds
 are banned no matter how tall they are.
 No, but I reckon you wouldn't recognize a sheep dog
 if it was completely shaved with all of that.
 There are some breeds that would be allowed
 if they're under 35, but no, if they're over 35.
 So you could shave them.
 But if you're right on that cusp,
 I don't know if they'll give you the benefit of the doubt.
 There was a crackdown.
 They cracked down properly on this in 2014,
 and there were all these owners of pets that were suddenly told
 they were outlawed, who were having a bit of a disaster.
 The government said, why don't you just give your pets away
 to shelters?
 And obviously, people didn't do that.
 Because that's a way thing to do to your dog of 10 years.
 But there is a lot of luxury stuff for pets.
 So there's this weird division between the Chinese government,
 which is cracking down on animals.
 And then there are lots of tiny dogs,
 and those are treated very luxuriously.
 It's a really popular thing in China.
 Yeah.
 So there are play centres just for dogs,
 which have got indoor swimming pools, and ball pits,
 and obstacle courses.
 There's pet acupuncture.
 That's quite a big thing.
 And there's-- there are dog hotels which
 have dogs cinemas in.
 Yeah.
 And the film's especially designed for dogs eyesight.
 I don't know what that means.
 So I think they see stuff, more frames per second than us,
 about twice as many.
 So maybe they have many more frames per second in the film.
 So this is why dogs don't get very captivated by television.
 It's one reason, isn't it?
 Other reasons that they're very, very stupid animals.
 But it looks to them, I guess there is a photographs
 one after the other.
 So I guess this is--
 Yeah.
 So if you suddenly fast forward a movie on your TV,
 are they like, whoa, what is this?
 In Dorset, there is a spa hotel for guinea pigs.
 What is that in tail?
 Well, for 16 pounds, you can get a pedicure.
 16.
 16.
 That's pretty good.
 Well, you need to pay for the hotel,
 but this is just an extra on the side thing.
 Oh, sorry.
 I thought this was a nice B&B for a guinea pig.
 Well, they don't eat much B, and they don't need a very big B.
 So for your 16 pounds anyway, you get a pedicure.
 You get two washes with lice shampoo, anti-lice shampoo.
 You get a haircut, a towel dry, a massage,
 while watching a movie, and a snooze.
 Wow.
 You have to pay for a snooze.
 That is a rip off.
 But, yeah, in China, people are very into their dogs,
 but they worked out recently that the city dwelling
 millennials are responsible for 70% of pet spending
 in China, which is actually quite weird,
 because millennials are-- it's basically
 people born in their 80s and 90s, which
 is pretty young to be spending a lot on pets.
 But they think it's because they've been--
 this is what the economist said.
 They've been lured away from their families and friends
 by jobs in the big cities, meaning they're incredibly
 lonely at this point.
 A lot of people single.
 The air is very bad outside, as previously discussed.
 And it's extremely easy to stay inside and just watch stuff
 on the internet.
 It's nice to have someone with you when you do that.
 And by the way, there are 200 million unmarried people
 in their 20s and 30s in China, which
 is-- if you think about that as a proportion of world population,
 it's a lot of single people.
 200 billion in 20s and 30s.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Single.
 Yeah.
 It's a lot.
 They're all sitting there with their dogs inside.
 This woman said, I live alone.
 And it's nice to have little Yui waiting,
 all happy to see me when I get home.
 And she said, this is-- she flipped through
 photos of cats on her iPhone.
 I just feel like there's a social problem
 that we need to address.
 Yeah.
 Just some dog sizes in Japan.
 I was being told earlier by Ash Gardner, who wrote our theme
 tune, when he was in Japan, there were parks there.
 And I started googling this after he said it.
 Yo-yo, Guy Park.
 It's in Japan.
 And what they have is they want to make sure
 that dogs that go to the park have a great experience.
 So there is a weight and size category for dogs,
 of which bit of the park they go to.
 So they separate the big dogs from the little dogs.
 And the little dogs and the medium dogs hang out together.
 And they all play.
 And the big dogs have to go to another section.
 So they separate it to no fights break out amongst the dogs.
 I think that sounds a bit sort of like, size-ist.
 I think that sounds good.
 That's segregation.
 Segregation.
 You post segregation?
 No.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was just like very big dogs, or it's more ones.
 Look, never mind.
 Never has anyone backed out from a nightmare so quickly.
 Dogs are much less clever than humans like to think.
 So there are lots of people who think
 that dogs are very, very clever.
 And the science doesn't really bear it out, unfortunately.
 And I can feel the room slipping away, as I say this.
 But-- so dogs, for example, can't recognize themselves
 in mirrors, which some animals can do.
 And on lots of measures, they're about the same as pigeons.
 And they can't fly, either.
 And they can't even fly useless.
 But the doctor who carried out this work, Brita Osthaus,
 she did work about 10 years ago, which
 showed the dogs were cleverer than cats.
 And she got a big backlash then from all the cat owners,
 saying, my cat says cleverer is any dog.
 And now she's done this research.
 She's got a backlash from dog owners.
 And when she published this study, and it was printed
 over the times, there was lots of backlash
 at the comments section.
 One times, Brita wrote, we once had a beagle who
 could open the refrigerator with his paws.
 Case closed.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just on the idea of having small dogs,
 there is concern to be had when you do hang out
 with just small dogs.
 In America, recently, there was a warning
 when there was a big storm that hit Cleveland,
 with 50 mile an hour winds there.
 The weather bureau released a statement saying,
 can everyone please be careful?
 These winds are huge.
 And things that can happen are trash cans will go missing.
 Trees will fall.
 And dogs will go flying.
 And yeah, they did a small dog warning.
 And it's the idea that when the winds pick up so high,
 they get lobbed off into the air.
 And if you're not holding on to them by leash,
 they will disappear.
 And if you are holding on to them by leash,
 you've got an amazing kite.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [LAUGHTER]
 Now, they did do this slightly tongue-in-cheek,
 but it is based on real incidences
 that have happened in America.
 Stories that you can read up on, for example, a 72-year-old couple,
 or a 72-year-old lady called Dorothy Ottley,
 she lost her chihuahua.
 Sorry, he's good to her.
 He's good to her.
 Come on.
 And she lost her chihuahua toto in a ton of ease, isn't it?
 She live in Kansas.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow, did you have to notice that?
 No, it was a 6-pound chihuahua called Tinkerbell.
 And they are mixing their movies here.
 Yeah, this is cross-jogger movie.
 They were walking around in a 70-mile-an-hour wind
 came and it picked Tinkerbell up, and it took her off in the wind.
 And they couldn't find her.
 And what they actually ended up doing
 is that they hired a pet psychic called Laurie.
 OK.
 Right.
 Well, they had my sympathy for a good long time there.
 Laurie said, you have to stop looking in lowlands,
 where you think--
 Was Laurie a pet who was also a psychic?
 No, no, no, she was a psychic of pets.
 And she was also a third-generation psychic.
 So she was the granddaughter of original psychic.
 Yeah, it was all because of that.
 There's a lot of nepotism in psychic, isn't there?
 My father was a fraud.
 My grandfather was a fraud.
 And so she said to them, you need to look up.
 And so the volunteers started looking outside of the swamp
 and up the hill.
 And they found Tinkerbell.
 And so my point is that you will lose a dog in the wind.
 Right.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on "Triberland Andy."
 I don't know how to end.
 James.
 I'm James Harkin.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is at no such thing.
 You can go to our website as well.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from all of our previous episodes
 to upcoming tour dates to anything that we've released.
 Thank you so much, sulfur.
 You've been awesome.
 We'll see you again.
 Good night.
 [CHEERING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
