 [Music]
 Welcome to the latest bit of bonus material just for you!
 What have we got for you this week? It is an episode of Meet the Elves!
 And it's someone, one of our one of our researchers who
 really we should have gotten a long long time ago.
 But every time we ask her she's always too busy making the actual TV show of QI.
 But we have Miranda Brennan! Hello! Hello Miranda!
 Welcome to the show! Oh what a delight to be here!
 It's delightful to have you! Top floor of the building!
 I love it! Welcome, welcome! Welcome out from the engine room!
 Here we are! It's exciting! We haven't done a Meet the Elf in a while.
 This is one of my favourite things to do. Who are you?
 Who am I? Well get to that, Dan. It's a question that plagues me daily.
 Let me explain the format very quickly. Miranda's come from downstairs.
 She's got a question for us that she's been researching.
 She's going to ask us a question and we're going to flounder around to try and find the answer.
 Probably fail miserably and eventually she'll put us out of our misery.
 But in the meantime hopefully we'll get to know you a little bit better.
 So why don't we first of all just do the question itself?
 All right so the question I have brought to you today is,
 why did long capes and wide brimmed hats go out of fashion in Spain in 1766?
 Okay, that's a good question and I don't know the answer.
 And I'm sure we'll get, I know we're going to get to the answer, that's the point of this,
 but we're going to, I'm looking forward to a lengthy stroll to award this answer.
 Okay here's a question first of all. Is fashion one of your kind of
 things that you like to talk about?
 It is, I love fashion and costume history, a huge amount.
 I've got a question, are you Spanish?
 I am not Spanish, I haven't even done Spanish at school and there are going to be some names
 in this that I am going to mess up the pronunciation of.
 Miranda.
 Is it a Spanish name or is it a Roman language name?
 It originates from Shakespeare, he coined it in the Tempest.
 No, that's very cool.
 If I get out, well that's it, you won't never find out about the case.
 Stay, stay.
 When people watch Shakespeare and these like they brought in the character Miranda,
 and everyone go what the fuck's that?
 Yeah, well he got it from, he adapted a Latin gerund, which who here knows Latin because
 I did not go to a school that did Latin.
 I think a gerund is like a verb where you...
 Turns into a noun kind of thing.
 Yeah, so Mirare is to admire, Miranda is she who is admirable.
 Okay, I wonder if Shakespeare's Miranda broke the fourth wall as well,
 you know, whenever something silly happened.
 When she fell over, whenever she fell over, yeah.
 I love that you brought up falling over because I have quite bad dyspraxia,
 means I'm quite clumsy.
 I fell off the QI set when we were filming the last series and it was really embarrassing.
 You fell off, I mean there's only were you on the table?
 Yeah, shaped like a giant Q and there's a tail bit,
 which is the handle of the magnifying glass in the QI logo and I just stacked it
 right off that and I just went absolutely posterior over from...
 An interesting fact, by the way, from then on for the rest of the series,
 we had to have one of those yellow signs on the set the entire time.
 Yeah, it was like...
 It's been green screened out in the final roller.
 It's a little yellow gate like you get on a building site, kind of plastic barrier
 and every time the audience came in, Sandy would say,
 please mind the barrier.
 We've had a few mishaps and there'd be this ripple if I was in the auditorium.
 All the other elves just turning and looking at me
 because the mishap is me.
 Wow, but that's, do you know what?
 You're not the first person to do that.
 I remember James, you were definitely there.
 Andy, I can't remember if you were there at this point.
 We were doing the group photo at the end of the season and the photographer himself
 as he was walking backwards from the inside,
 tripped over and absolutely like somersaulted over the set.
 And we've mentioned before that I still have a scarf falling over the set.
 Dressed as a chicken.
 When I was dressed as a chicken.
 Iconic.
 Yeah? Well, I'm also into fashion.
 You're also a fashion icon.
 You actually are.
 You have some great shirts.
 Dan has something about Spain.
 Do I?
 Yeah.
 You really like the Spanish accent.
 Jesus.
 Particularly the lisp.
 How does it sound, Dan?
 I'm trying to imagine it.
 No, my mind's here.
 Well, is it a lisp?
 I'm saying it's an affectation of a cultural way of speaking, right?
 Yeah, speaking.
 So I am officially... Oh, God.
 You'll get a picture of a nice...
 We'll move on from that.
 But the reason I bring it up is not just to embarrass Dan,
 but because there is a theory.
 I'm not sure how true it is that people did the lisp
 because they were copying a member of the Spanish royalty.
 So I wonder, and there's been lots of stuff in history about people
 taking on fashion because the royals have taken on that kind of fashion.
 Is this... Am I going in the right direction?
 Well, the Spanish royal family do come into this a bit.
 So the king at the time is Carlos III.
 Well, Charles III.
 What do we know about Carlos III?
 I don't know anything about previous kings of Spain.
 Before Franco, I'm a bit of a grey area, to be honest.
 He was the king of the sort.
 Wide brim tats, you said.
 Wide brim tats and long capes.
 So...
 Long capes.
 It'll be...
 You cut quite a dashing figure.
 Yes, but it's not that it was fashionable
 because someone was wearing it.
 No. Well, I'm asking why it went out of fashion.
 Why it went out of fashion.
 I thought then that king then went out of fashion himself.
 He wasn't known for being wildly fashionable.
 Okay.
 Oh, okay.
 Okay.
 Well, let's go in a different direction.
 So we're in Spain.
 We are.
 Why would you wear it?
 It's hot, but like a big rimmed hat
 would be good for keeping you in the shade.
 It would.
 And the cape wouldn't, but...
 It's fat.
 Why does the fashion change?
 Like, we did a big thing on QA ages ago
 about why American men stop wearing hats.
 And in fact, all men stop wearing hats.
 And right now, only one of the three men
 of this room is wearing a hat next to Dan,
 and it's a baseball cap that's on backwards.
 It's not...
 It is true.
 I went on, I went on a honeymoon to New Orleans
 and I kind of bullied my husband into buying
 like a jazz pork pie hat.
 Yeah. Oh, nice.
 And he looks so good in it,
 but he doesn't really wear it now.
 We're back home.
 Alastair, when you listen to this...
 Wear the hat.
 No, it's...
 I think that our pot pie hat does look cooler,
 you know, in context.
 In context.
 On the gangster.
 Yeah.
 I've got a fedora or two knocking about at home.
 Have you?
 Yeah.
 I've never seen you wear a hat.
 No, you wouldn't.
 They just...
 I just look like I'm sort of in a production of Bugsy Malone.
 That's not been very well resolved in the costume department.
 It's a change that's rarely seen without a hat.
 I wear hats a lot.
 Yeah, but that's because I'm mostly balding these days.
 But also because I cycle and I think when you've been cycling all day,
 especially when my hair's long,
 it just gets such a mess that I just want to cover it up.
 But...
 This is going up definitely, man.
 Like, definitely shade.
 I think shade has got a bit...
 And I think capes.
 There was a study once that was done
 that if you make children dress like superheroes,
 then they get better at doing...
 Flying.
 They stood in 200 children that pushed them off a building.
 And the ones that came to the ground later.
 No, they have...
 It gives them more confidence and they do better in like puzzles and...
 Really?
 That's interesting.
 Do they swagger about more, though?
 I don't know, really.
 I mean, there's probably a case for up to a certain age,
 all children being dressed as superheroes.
 I think so.
 If that, you know, does help their confidence.
 Yeah.
 Yeah?
 Perhaps, essentially, if everyone's dressed as a superhero,
 then it doesn't work.
 That's true.
 Because you don't feel special anymore.
 You're all just Spider-Man pointing at each other.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Well, okay, but then that's a good point.
 Is it the fact that, like, you know,
 if Jack the Ripper, say, had sort of an attire,
 you wouldn't want to wear it
 because you might be identified for something criminal,
 was everyone pointing at each other
 because they were wearing a cape and a hat?
 And there was a villain.
 Dan is on to something here.
 Dan is on to something.
 Oh, so the clothes are associated with something negative
 or someone negative.
 Is that it?
 Or a group of people who were kicked out of Spain.
 I'm going to...
 I'm going for a solve.
 But it won't be a solve.
 Shall I just go for a solve?
 Shall I?
 Shall I?
 Come on.
 Shall I?
 Come on.
 Shall I just go for a solve?
 Shall I just go for a solve?
 I'm going off Monty Python here.
 Was it that they looked like the Spanish Inquisition?
 In fairness, Spanish Inquisition is a good call.
 They did have the big white hats.
 Yeah, certainly in the sketch.
 Yeah, that's what I said.
 That's what I'm going off.
 I don't know what year they were.
 I was immediately...
 They were around.
 Right.
 They lost its entries, I suppose.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You are on to something with the crime link.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Can I go for a solve which I know already is wrong
 because you've just said about the crime link?
 So what I'm thinking of is Adora Duncan.
 Goodness.
 The 1920s ballet dancer.
 Which shot forward in time with a violence
 that was not anticipating.
 Well, there is violence coming then.
 Absolutely.
 Just for any lessons you don't know.
 The TARDIS is just hurtling for around the 20s.
 Adora Duncan was a dancer.
 She's a famous ballet dancer, a wonderful dancer.
 And she used to love these long flowing scarves.
 She did.
 And one day she was getting in a car
 or she wasn't getting in a car.
 She was near a car
 and her long flowing scarf got caught in the wheel of the car
 and it went round and round and round
 and she was killed by it.
 By her own scarf.
 She was strangled to death by her scarf.
 Crazy.
 All that I'm thinking of when you say floppy
 wide-brim hats and long capes
 is that there was some terrible workplace accident
 which meant that...
 All of Madrid.
 Well, pretty much, I mean, I can't imagine what that would be.
 But something which then meant,
 oh, maybe we should wear safer clothing.
 This is a very Edna mode
 from the Incredibles moment that you're having
 if you've seen that.
 No kiss.
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 So it's not that.
 It's not a health and safety concern.
 OK.
 Let's go back to the clue around
 and give us some money to get before I start to talk about it.
 OK, so maybe...
 Is Carlos III involved?
 Carlos III appoints someone else who's involved
 in a ferrure about hats and capes.
 Was there a group of criminals
 who wore wide-brim hats and long capes?
 So in the opinion of the finance minister
 that Carlos III put in charge,
 there was a problem with criminality
 in Madrid in particular, but across Spain.
 And he felt that people who could disguise themselves
 in these big hats and big capes were a problem.
 Like wearing hoodies.
 Exactly, like wearing hoodies.
 So he introduced some sumptuary laws,
 which I know you have covered before.
 But this is not why they went out to fashion.
 Just to say, in sumptuary law
 is where only certain members of society
 are allowed to wear certain clothes
 and it all goes off your class or, you know...
 You can only wear red trousers if you're...
 Michael Portillo.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But as you may know, we haven't solved this yet,
 because as you probably know, if you ban something,
 it does not go out of fashion.
 The opposite usually happens.
 Oh, OK.
 So is it Spain's biggest nerd in the 18th century
 started wearing these clothes?
 I can't think of who that would be.
 It's not a nerd, but this is...
 Executioner.
 Oh, my God, I got it.
 James has got it.
 So shall I tell the story now?
 Yeah.
 So there was a guy called Leopoldo de Gregorio,
 who was the Marques de Escalache,
 who was a Sicilian guy who, King Carlos III,
 made the Minister for Finance.
 And he was very into bringing the Enlightenment to Spain.
 He installed loads of oil lamps,
 and put all these thousands of lamp-boosts.
 Literally enlightened.
 Genuinely.
 He was like,
 "There's not going to be any dark corners anymore for crime."
 And nobody's going to wear a wide-brimmed hat,
 and nobody's going to wear a long clink.
 You're all going to wear the fashions of the French court,
 which I greatly admire.
 Little tricorns, short wigs, no giant capes.
 And the French court...
 Sorry, the Spanish court all went,
 "Oh, yes, of course,"
 and immediately ditched their massive hats and capes.
 But the general public,
 who were quite cross with Escalache's other reforms,
 which had driven up the prices of food,
 this was the last straw.
 They were not happy about it.
 And they absolutely lost it,
 and they all popped off in Madrid.
 Right, it was amazing.
 Did they have a riot or something?
 They had the Hat and Cloak Revolt,
 which is my favourite thing ever.
 Also known as the Escalache riots.
 But it's brilliant because the story goes
 that Escalache eschewed all the bailiffs of the city
 with pairs of shears.
 And if they saw someone in a massive hat,
 they were licensed to forcibly trim the hat
 and lop off a foot off the cloak.
 I got a question.
 If you could ban any ice muckloving
 from people in modern-day London.
 Oh, that's so...
 I'm so glad you've asked James
 because I've been preparing a list for some years now.
 Here we go.
 Well, the trousers that show your pants?
 Oh, yeah.
 Very, very low slung.
 Very low slung.
 I think any trousers that goes more than three
 and just below the nipple is basically a crime.
 You struggled in the year 2002, then, did you?
 Oh, it wasn't an easy time for me.
 It wasn't an easy time.
 That was really the year of the builders' Burmese day.
 Absolutely.
 And my braces were not, in both senses, did not fit in.
 Have you heard of the Lemon Test in Revolutionary Cuba?
 No, that's that.
 No.
 The Lemon Test was where, again,
 there was kind of a rough justice-sumtry-law thing.
 And there would be gangs of guys on the street.
 And if your hair was too long,
 they'd give you a quick trim to make it shorter.
 But also, if your trousers couldn't fit,
 if they dropped a lemon at the top of your trousers,
 and your trousers were too tight because you were a hippie,
 you know, those sort of hippie trousers
 that were very tight around the waist and the bum
 but flared at the leg.
 And if you couldn't easily get a lemon from top to bottom,
 there'd be a bit of on-the-spot tailoring.
 From bottom to bottom.
 Brilliant.
 Brilliant.
 Bottom to bottom.
 You get a little, get the shears out,
 and they'd, you know, free a path for the lemon.
 How would you decently proceed upon your merry way?
 I don't think you could.
 I think part of the point was the intimidation.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's amazing.
 I know.
 That's a good one.
 But then, actually, what you're saying, Andy,
 is almost the reverse of what you think in the modern day
 because you don't like the baggy trousers.
 I love baggy trousers by madness.
 I actually really struggled when jeggings
 were the only thing you could buy.
 Jeggings.
 All the jeans.
 Yes.
 What were they again?
 They're like jean leggings.
 They're very tight pull-on jeans.
 They're denim.
 Sometimes.
 They were sort of very stretchy.
 They're definitely denim colour.
 Right, right, right, right.
 And I didn't hate them, but there was a while
 when you'd try and buy trousers
 and everything would be really tight
 and I was sitting there going,
 "Bring back the bell bottoms of 2002."
 I'm wearing them around it.
 I think they're just black denim.
 Well, you're working it, you know?
 Well, thank you.
 Good.
 You could come back.
 Lemons in my trousers.
 I just love this image.
 It's like 11s.
 Run from the shears.
 Yeah, I mean, I love the image of these bailiffs
 and I read this biography of the artist Goya,
 who was alive at the time,
 which is by the art critic Robert Hughes.
 And he has this great line,
 "Before long the jails of Madrid
 were crammed with indignant and capeless men."
 And I think that line just really made me catapult.
 So we've had the revolt.
 Well, the revolt, it kicks off
 because these two gentlemen,
 they whistle provocatively at some guards
 while wearing enormous capes and hats
 and it kicks off.
 4,400 of those fancy lamp posts I mentioned, smashed.
 Yeah.
 No.
 No, I know.
 What are they going to string people up from now?
 Eskwilash's portrait is burned in the Plaza Maya.
 Oh.
 They send a priest to explain their demands to the king
 and the priest says, you know,
 "They're going to reduce your palace to rubble
 if you don't let them have their hats and capes."
 And so the king says, "All right, I will comply."
 It was all Eskwilash's idea anyway.
 And Eskwilash goes into exile.
 And now everyone in Spain was hats and capes.
 Except that they fall out of fashion.
 The execution.
 The execution.
 So what happens is everybody says,
 "Right, hats and capes for life."
 And then Eskwilash's successor
 is a man named Pedro Pablo Abarca de Bolaia y Jimenez de Urea.
 We're just going to call him Aranda
 because he's the 10th count of Aranda.
 Aranda.
 He's considerably more thoughtful and charming
 in his approach than Eskwilash.
 And so rather than pushing any more sumptuary laws,
 he just says, "This is now the uniform of the executioners."
 And everyone goes,
 "Oh my God, I do not want to look like an executioner
 because that is not a job you want to be associated with."
 Yeah, it's not just that you didn't want to look
 like your executioner, right?
 They were like proper outcasts of the whole city.
 I remember I went to the executioner's house in Nuremberg,
 which you can go and visit.
 And yeah, in all of Europe around that time,
 if you were an executioner, people couldn't touch you.
 They couldn't go near you.
 Your whole family were outcasts.
 And it's why your family, it was why it was a family job.
 Because only your children would be the ones,
 sort of the untouchable cast that we're in.
 And you get like, you know, you'd be paid okay,
 but you wouldn't be able to spend it
 because you weren't allowed to go to any shops
 that anyone else was in.
 You get paid okay, and you get a house,
 which was always in the middle of town and stuff like that.
 I'm sorry, I've just had a thought, James.
 If I was sentenced to death,
 I would absolutely want to be just exactly the same
 as the executioner because then there would be a chance
 in the confusion that I could end up executing him
 and make good by escape.
 Very good.
 That's a great idea.
 I am the real executioner.
 Yeah.
 I am the real executioner.
 That's like one of those ways.
 There goes the executioner.
 He's running away very fast.
 Clear path!
 I forgot my accent.
 I don't want to associate with that guy.
 Clear the road.
 There he goes.
 Get out!
 Don't executioners, is it or is it only a few countries
 where they have to cover their heads
 so no one put the hood?
 Yeah, so that no one knows their face?
 Some of them.
 I think that was relatively common.
 Yeah.
 But it's the same thing to do as well
 because your job does require some technical skill
 and physical finesse.
 I just don't know how you swing a hat.
 Exactly.
 How do you swing an axe in a big hat?
 Maybe you're hanging people.
 Maybe that's what the executioner is.
 But if you've got a hood on, you can't see what you're doing.
 No, but they've got great peripheral vision.
 - They're like, "The cat eye's out, Andy."
 - They're a little bit like, "It's still big."
 - Maybe the hat and cape is day wear, you know?
 It's when you're just walking around town.
 - Casual.
 - Or maybe when they're about to do the execution,
 they turn their big hat backwards like Dan's baseball cap.
 - Yeah. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Cowabunga.
 - That's the last thing you heard before you were killed.
 (all laughing)
 - Okay, well, did we get the answer?
 - You did get the answer.
 - Somehow, I don't know how we did it.
 But thank you very much for joining us, Miranda.
 It's been very nice to meet you.
 I hope everyone at home has enjoyed meeting you.
 - We should say, we do know Miranda.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - It's not with us on the top floor.
 (all laughing)
 - Who are you all and why am I here?
 We've worked together for many years, yeah.
 - All right.
 - But yeah, thanks very much for listening.
 And we'll be back again in a couple of weeks time
 with some more bonus material.
 If you wanna get in contact with any of us,
 Miranda, are you on social media or on YouTube?
 - Blue Sky, I'm troublerabbit.bsky.app, but that's it.
 I don't really do anything except post about falling over.
 - I do it a lot.
 - All right, if you love the old Bolly Nova content.
 - Yep.
 - You're sad that you've been framed,
 isn't on TV anymore, then follow Miranda.
 And you're also on Blue Sky.
 - I am, I'm @andruhunderem.
 - Dan.
 - Instagram @shruggerland.
 - My Instagram is @noseshingersjamesharkin.
 Thank you very much for listening.
 We'll see you soon.
 Bye.
 - Bye.
 - Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
