 [SINGING]
 [SPEAKING SPANISH]
 [SINGING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish, A Weekly Podcast.
 This week, coming to you from the London Podcast Festival
 in Kings Cross.
 My name is Dan Shriver, and please welcome to the stage
 its anichesinsky, James Harkin, and Andy Murray.
 [APPLAUSE]
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James Harkin.
 OK, my fight this week is that smooth, fun lobsters
 travel around the sea inside jellyfish,
 eating their rides as they go.
 So they're in the jellyfish, and they're eating the jellyfish.
 Imagine you were to take an Uber home,
 and it was made out of chocolate.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But the jellyfish is a living thing.
 So who's the jellyfish eating them before they--
 the jellyfish?
 No, these are kind of like baby lobsters,
 and they managed to kind of swim up inside the bell
 of the jellyfish.
 Now, come on.
 It's a bit early in the show to be laughing at the word
 bell.
 Also, it's a bit far out of the '90s to find the word bell.
 So yeah, he'd just eat it until the bell ends.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And James' track, which we all walked into tonight.
 There was no jellyfish.
 So yeah, they get inside this thing
 which is called a moon jellyfish.
 They eat it from the bottom to the top.
 And actually, these jellyfish,
 you might have heard of these immortal jellyfish.
 And actually, the moon jellyfish is one of these.
 Theoretically, it could live forever, as far as we know,
 if it doesn't get eaten by a baby lobster.
 Wow.
 So it just kind of does it mine, because it's like,
 I'm not going anywhere.
 You can have a nibble.
 That's cool.
 They can be killed.
 They're much like elves in the Lord of the Rings, in that sense.
 I've got half eaten.
 It probably would be OK, wouldn't it?
 Because the Lord of Jellyfish can clone themselves.
 And if you cut a jellyfish in half,
 I think that's like the myth about the worm
 in that you cut one in half, it will just become to clones.
 But the jellyfish have a defense mechanism.
 They fire mucous at the lobsters, don't they?
 They do.
 They fire mucous at the lobsters inside them.
 And if they get enough mucous onto the lobster,
 then the lobster can die of like a bacterial infection.
 So it's almost like an internal sneeze onto the lobster.
 So it's got to eat.
 But the lobsters have a defense because of the lobsters,
 what they do.
 They have five pairs of legs.
 And they use one of their pairs of legs,
 like a pair of windscreen wipers.
 And they just clear the mucous away.
 So that's amazing.
 So lobsters, I had no idea, shed their shells, which--
 so they malt.
 And if they're missing a limb, part of the shell regrowth
 period is also part of their limb regrowth period.
 So if they lose an arm, they're just like,
 well, I'll just wait for the shedding.
 And then I'll do my whole regrowth again.
 Yeah.
 And there were mortal lobsters.
 So what if an immortal lobster gets inside
 in a mortal jellyfish?
 That's the next.
 Sometimes when I say, in fact, and it sounds completely wrong,
 but then it kind of sounds right.
 Anna will join in and be like, yes, and then
 she'll be like, they can't be right.
 Dan can't be right.
 No, lobsters are going to be extremely old
 and we're not sure where they could get to be, I think.
 And so there's this myth that lobsters might live forever.
 Because they don't really age.
 So they don't go through senescence.
 They don't get weaker and they don't get infertile.
 In fact, they get stronger.
 So they get more fertile.
 They make better parents.
 They get stronger.
 And they keep growing as well, which is quite unusual.
 They don't ever reach a limit of growth.
 So there are lobsters that have been found the size of the ocean.
 The size of the--
 The specific age limit.
 There must be a limit.
 Well, I think they get killed by their own bigness.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So there's a limit.
 This is just a theory, though.
 We don't know.
 There's a guy called Carl Wilson who studies them.
 And he says, the reason they'll eventually die
 if humans don't kill them--
 so most of them get killed by humans--
 the reason they'll eventually die is that it takes so much energy
 to shed that exoskeleton constantly,
 because they're always melting.
 The bigger they get, the more energy it takes.
 And eventually, it takes so much energy
 that they're just sat and they die.
 Wow.
 What I like about lobsters is that they are Doctor Who.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They are the closest thing to Doctor Who
 that exists in reality in that--
 When they regenerate, so when they molt--
 They turn into a middle-aged Scotsman.
 Yes.
 And also, Doctor Who doesn't get bigger and bigger.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He does.
 He does.
 That's why the Tardis is bigger, or bigger, at the same time.
 There are tiny holes in my theory.
 But essentially, it saps loads of energy when they molt.
 So what they do is they lie on their side,
 and they worm the way out of their shell.
 And it takes about half an hour.
 And like Doctor Who, you know, when he's regenerating,
 it's really dramatic for a bit.
 And then he does take a few days or a while to recover.
 And they have to go into hiding for a few days
 to recover, because they're so saptive energy
 while they harden their new shell.
 And they're all defenseless as well, because they're all soft.
 So predators can take a bite out of the shell.
 Yeah.
 There is, I think, so female lobsters.
 They have this little sack underneath their toes,
 which they collect male sperm in.
 And they can decide to use it whenever they like.
 When they molt, they leave that behind.
 And I have read that being described as basically
 them regaining their virginity, which I think
 is a stretch.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So they've claimed in women's lobster magazine.
 I've read that in actually a really good book
 called Sex in the Sea.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's not.
 It does not make sufficiently plain
 that it's mostly about lobsters.
 They're making diapers out of lobsters now.
 So they're taking this element to the skin of a lobster,
 which if you kind of break it down,
 and you apply it with other more diaper-like substances,
 [LAUGHTER]
 you can use it because it sucks up more fluid.
 So people are going to start be wearing lobster diapers,
 and lobster tampons are on the way as well.
 Yeah.
 Oh, what?
 Do they cut the claws off or--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry, this is so embarrassing.
 It's jellyfish.
 It's jellyfish.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, do they cut the tentacles off?
 Oh, my god.
 They're like--
 They are making golf balls out of lobsters.
 Yes.
 Do you remember that classic image you
 would see of super rich people on top of these huge ocean
 liners hitting golf balls off into the ocean?
 When the idea of plastic ruining the ocean
 became a proper thing, they put in laws
 that you're not allowed to hit plastic into the ocean,
 golf balls immediately were on that list,
 and no one could do it anymore.
 So University of Maine has worked out
 how to make a lobster golf ball.
 So that's made entirely of lobster shells entirely.
 And so now, it's going to be legal again that you can do it.
 So what's the point of it?
 Sorry, what's this hobby that the rich have
 that we don't know about?
 You just get on the top of a boat,
 and you just smack a ball into the ocean, and you go,
 ah, handy.
 I think you should be grateful that scientists at the University
 of Maine are devoting their time to making rich people
 playing golf on yachts have a better time.
 It's a good point.
 So actually, back to what the original fact was,
 lobster rides on jellyfish in order
 to get from one place to another, don't they?
 And when they're in their larval stage,
 which is this really weird stage,
 whether it's called a phyllisomer,
 and this is slipper or spiny lobster,
 they look like a circular disk with weird little spider legs
 coming off it, and they cling onto this lobster
 to get transported somewhere.
 But then, when they're dropped off,
 and they morph into an actual lobster,
 they shared part of themselves in order to grow.
 But what they do is they shed the front.
 So lobsters grow from the sort of ass upwards.
 So you would have thought that they would keep hold of
 their little larval head and their legs and all of that.
 But no, that just drops off, and they start from the bum.
 The head and everything floats away
 and gets eaten by something.
 And then they grow up from the bum into a lobster.
 Isn't that weird?
 And this way?
 It's pretty cool.
 That's very cool.
 We need to move on very soon.
 So what else who has been killing lobsters recently
 is the Nazis?
 What?
 There was a lobster who became a belated casualty
 of the Second World War after they found an unexploded mine.
 OK, so the Navy divers went down to see the mine.
 They saw a lobster inside it, gave it a name,
 and then blew it up.
 They called it Lionel the Lobster.
 And they tried to get him out.
 And then they went, come on, come on, and he nipped their hand.
 And they were like, right, you're going.
 And they blew him up.
 Maybe he was a Nazi lobster.
 All right, let's move on.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that in 1892, France built a telescope, which
 was so long it couldn't actually be pointed at the sky.
 So this was for a sort of world's exposition,
 universal exposition, which France was holding in 1900.
 And they needed a sequel to the Eiffel Tower, basically,
 because the Eiffel Tower was a huge hit.
 And they said, we need another thing that's really big,
 to be the kind of centerpiece of the exposition.
 And there's an article all about this on amusing planet,
 which is a very good website, recommend it.
 And the tube, which housed it, was 60 meters long.
 The lenses were one and a quarter meters across,
 and it was too long to move when they had built it.
 So they had to have a secondary system,
 so they constructed to funnel light in from astronomical objects,
 and then direct it with a series of mirrors
 into the actual telescope.
 And also, because it was at the world's fair,
 there were lots of bright lights nearby.
 And it was functionally useless as a telescope,
 because it was in the middle of Paris.
 So it was kind of useless.
 It was broken up for scrap.
 It was kind of tragic.
 But I think that's amazing.
 It was quite an amazing exposition,
 because they had the debuted to the world.
 The Russians, debuted Russian dolls for the first time there.
 How cool is that?
 So you had this big thing, and then next door it was like, look.
 What?
 And which one of the two do we know?
 Yeah, so egg on their face.
 Would have been better if they'd had a smaller telescope
 inside that, and a smaller one like that, eventually, they could.
 Yeah, but so they had that.
 They had a ginormous Ferris wheel.
 I think it was the biggest of its time,
 and they eventually had to take it down.
 And the compartments were so big that during the war,
 they got taken and used as houses, because people
 who lost their houses, people lived inside the compartment.
 They also had the debuted a travelator,
 the sort of moving escalators that go in the airport
 when you were walking on the flat surface one.
 They were showing that for the first time.
 So they had three different speeds.
 Yeah, so there's a slow one.
 So you're going at a few miles an hour,
 and then you step onto the next one,
 which is only slightly different,
 but some of you're going at six miles an hour,
 and then at whatever speed.
 Because there is, you could do those for one or for ever.
 But you could do that until it gets up to about 30
 or 40 miles an hour.
 It just goes three miles an hour each time.
 And in that way, you could go on a moving walkway
 that would go 30 miles an hour.
 Wasn't that the way we were getting around town?
 weren't you proposing that as an idea for trains?
 So trains never have to stop.
 You just walk up to it in the speed it's going.
 I'm not sure it was my proposal.
 I think Japan's proposed that.
 But it's nice that you've attributed it.
 Yeah.
 Sorry, I always mix up James with Japan.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You guys stopped doing that.
 Have you guys heard of the banquet of Mayors?
 No.
 This was the thing that happened at the 1900 Paris exposition.
 This was a group meal where 20,777 mayors from France,
 all over France, gathered in a massive tent
 and had a meal together.
 Isn't that amazing?
 My god, I thought you were talking about horses when you said mayors.
 No.
 And then I thought you were using a sexist term for women?
 No.
 Is that, I don't even know if that's a thing.
 No, mayors in--
 Mayor. Sorry, I should have pronounced it properly.
 Mayor.
 But this meal, this is amazing.
 The waiters at this meal had bicycles
 to get up and down in between the tables.
 There was one car driving up and down between the tables
 to take orders extra first.
 They got through 39,000 bottles of wine.
 There were seven miles of tables, 1,200 liters of mayonnaise,
 1,500 camembert--
 Mayoronnaise.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 Yeah.
 Did someone just go, oh, dang.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Where'd you see that?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm plastic.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Someone has never seen this before.
 It was incredibly popular.
 So it was visited by more people than the population of France
 at the time.
 And it was only over about six months, I think,
 was visited by 50 million people.
 And the French population was 38 million at the time.
 So people were into it.
 Yeah, and apparently the technology of it
 was genuinely astounding.
 And I read about a guy, an artist, Italian artist,
 who went over for it called Giacomo Balla.
 And he was so impressed by all the technologies
 so that he named all his three daughters
 off the back of that wine expo.
 He named his daughters the Italian words for,
 but in English, light, electricity, and propeller.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And you were talking about there wanted
 to do something that was like the Eiffel Tower, but better.
 Well, they asked for suggestions, and a lot of people
 decided, well, maybe you should just do something
 with the Eiffel Tower.
 One of the suggestions was to turn the bottom half
 into a waterfall, and the top half
 into the shape of an enormous woman.
 What?
 No, it wouldn't look like she was wetting herself
 the whole time, but that was a real suggestion.
 And in the end, they had loads of different ideas
 of what they might do with the Eiffel Tower,
 but in the end, they just went for applying a fresh coat
 of paint to the spike.
 [LAUGHTER]
 On telescopes.
 Oh, yeah.
 So I was looking at other large telescopes.
 And there was another two large telescopes.
 Actually, the largest telescope in the world in 1935
 was reported about in the Nottingham Evening Post,
 I discovered in the British newspaper archive.
 And it turned out it was two large
 to go through railway tunnels.
 And so it was built in New York.
 And it had to get to California.
 But they had to take it by the Panama Canal.
 So that was rather than being a 2,900 mile journey.
 That was an 8,600 mile journey.
 Wow.
 Because they couldn't get it through any railway tunnels.
 They should have seen that coming.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, candy.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because they had an enormous telescope.
 Yeah.
 It was built to spot Martians, actually.
 Really?
 Yeah, it was built because they knew
 that there were indentations on Mars.
 And they wanted to establish whether or not
 they were made by Martians, were they Martian canals,
 or were they just naturally formed?
 What were they?
 And we're still not sure, but we're just not Martians.
 And there's the biggest telescope, which
 has just been built in China.
 And that's also, supposedly, for looking for aliens.
 Although the US Defense Department
 thinks it might be for something else.
 Right.
 But that's a radio one, not an optical one.
 So it's a 500-meter aperture spherical telescope.
 It's called Fast.
 And it is 500 meters across.
 That's where the name comes from.
 And I worked out that you would be able to get about 3 trillion
 bowls of complex in there.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And so that would be enough for complex for every person
 in the world to have a bowl every day for a year.
 And it still wouldn't run out.
 Wow.
 So is that what it's going to be for two hours a day?
 The really cool thing about it is you
 can probably see that it looks a bit
 different than normal telescopes.
 It's spherical, rather than a parabola.
 In fact, if anyone's listening at home,
 it is a spitting image of the thing James Bond
 classed a climb around in Golden Eye.
 Is that right?
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Looks like a very big conflict bowl.
 Yeah.
 But what they do is a parabola, normally, the data would come in,
 and it would all point to the focal point of the parabola.
 But they don't do that.
 So what they have is these six towers.
 And they have wires coming down on them.
 And there's a little robot in there.
 And you know if you watch a soccer game
 or an American football game or something,
 and you have the camera going around the top of this stadium,
 and it's able to take all the shots.
 Well, the robot is there.
 And they can move it around wherever they want.
 And they get it sort of to focus to wherever that robot is.
 Wow.
 That's really cool.
 I'm sorry, cool.
 Apparently, 10,000 people had to move house for the telescope
 to be installed, yeah?
 Yeah.
 Because they wanted to be closer to get a good look.
 And the people who stayed, the one condition
 is they have to have their mobile phone off.
 That's the only condition.
 Really?
 Yeah, because they're all interfere, so it will pick up.
 And they'd better like conflicts.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Have you heard of the James Webb Space Telescope?
 This is very cool.
 So Hubble is in space, because it's much better
 for looking at the stars, because there's
 no atmosphere in the way.
 And the next incarnation is going to be called
 the James Webb Space Telescope.
 It's going to be about 100 times better, apparently.
 Don't ask me in what metrics, but will we?
 They said that it's so powerful that when they turn it on,
 the heat will be able to detect heat coming from a bumblebee
 as far away as the moon.
 Wow.
 Well, there are not many bumblebees on the moon.
 Well, Buzz Aldrin left a few.
 She said so.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We were actually getting a robot to put a telescope
 on the far side of the moon.
 There actually is telescopes on the moon at the moment.
 China has telescopes on some of their small rovers,
 and they've been looking out into the universe as well.
 But we only found this out a few years after they'd
 been doing it.
 So they had secret telescopes on the moon.
 Wow.
 Yeah, pretty cool.
 One more big telescope?
 Yeah, we need to move on and start.
 OK.
 Havilius.
 He was a guy who made a telescope, and it was really big.
 It was 150 feet long.
 And it was so long that he couldn't make a tube to fit it in.
 Because a metal tube would be too heavy,
 and a paper tube would just fall apart.
 And so he put it in like a trough.
 It was like a trough where all the lenses went in.
 And he had to have a team of men with ropes and pulleys.
 And they were just there to kind of keep it steady.
 Because even the tiniest breeze would just
 rip the whole thing apart.
 Yeah, so it didn't really work, did it?
 It did not.
 When was that?
 It's amazing.
 Renaissance is it, nor is it after that.
 Well, it must be before the 18th century.
 Because one of the other things that Havilius invented
 were side-looking opera glasses.
 So you could have these glasses where I could be--
 look like I'm looking over here, but actually I'm looking at Andy.
 And they were called polymer scopes.
 Why, if you've gone to see the opera?
 What's wrong with my face, then?
 Well, he called them polymer scopes
 after the Greek for war, because he thought
 you'd be able to use it in military positions.
 Good news.
 Their entire army is facing 90 degrees away.
 They will never see us coming.
 Wait, yeah, wouldn't you see the person next to you?
 And they're like, there's a traitor in this area.
 They were never really used in the military.
 But the reason I know that he's pre-18th century
 is they were used in the 18th century
 for looking sideways at young women at bowls.
 Yeah.
 But it's nice, Andy, that you didn't automatically assume
 that was what they were used for.
 It shows you're a wholesome person.
 That's immediately what I think it is for.
 Don't get invited to many bowls anymore.
 I think we have one on the TV show.
 We borrowed one from the Museum of Optical Instruments
 or something.
 Yeah, they're very cool.
 I've got one last thing, which is that the planet Neptune,
 when it was discovered, it was discovered within the hour
 of astronomers starting to look for it.
 So literally, they went, I reckon it's about there.
 Oh, yeah, there it is.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, it's time for our next fact.
 And that is Anichezinski.
 My fact is that the first gentleman's club in America
 was formed for the purpose of eating turtle soup.
 So this is the Hoboken Turtle Club.
 Actually, I haven't looked up to how to pronounce that.
 Hoboken Turtle Club.
 There we go.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I just looked it up in my mind.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This was the brainchild of a guy called John Stevens.
 And he lived in New Jersey.
 And he kept chickens.
 And he was plagued by turtles.
 And he discovered that these big turtles
 were jumping out of the river and grabbing his chickens
 and killing them.
 So he declared that he would have vengeance on all the turtles.
 Wow.
 And actually, a lot of sources say it
 was Alexander Hamilton's idea--
 Hamilton of hit Broadway musical fame--
 to make this turtle club.
 So Hamilton said to Stevens, that you
 should make a turtle factory on your New Jersey farm
 and kill the turtles, and we should eat them.
 And so they decided to do that.
 They created this club, and they killed turtles.
 They ate them.
 And a bunch of important people joined.
 So Jefferson, Franklin, Burr, Hamilton, Washington.
 They were all members of the Hoboken Turtle Club.
 They hung out.
 They ate turtles soup.
 They had the best time.
 And that was the first members club.
 So there's a bit of detail.
 I just want to pick you up on quickly.
 So these turtles were eating his chickens, right?
 So OK, I've got two things.
 One, turtles incredibly slow, as far as I know.
 Two, I'm pretty sure that chickens are incredibly fast.
 In fact, fast to the point that did anyone see creed?
 Like Rocky, Sylvester Sloan gets him to try and catch chickens.
 That's part of the training for a lot of people.
 So they're really quick.
 So what the fuck?
 You're chicken.
 Yeah.
 What kind of superspeeds are you lost?
 You're citing the seventh Rocky film.
 In the eighth Rocky film, that actually
 going to have been beaten by a turtle.
 It's a real insane.
 Well, they can snap out with their jaws incredibly fast.
 Turtles can.
 Right.
 Once they get close to you, you lay there there.
 OK, right.
 So if you don't seem sneak up on you, then you are dead meat.
 This is my theory, so don't quote me on it.
 But it might have been a lie, because the way that he found out
 was that one of his servant boys, he sent down to the river
 to find out why his chickens kept disappearing.
 And the servant boy came back and said,
 look, I was lying by the river side reading my book,
 apparently romance fiction, weirdly.
 Reading my book and suddenly a turtle let down the river
 and grabbed a chicken.
 So maybe the servant boy was just stealing all of his chickens
 and then who'd have blamed it on?
 Let out of the relics as well, yeah.
 Do you know what these things are called?
 These parties were called turtle frolics.
 That's what you'd have.
 You'd have a turtle frolic come on over.
 But what's really open about that is if you were a turtle
 and someone said, do you want to come to a turtle frolic,
 keep saying yes, because you'd assume you're wrong thing.
 Do you know mock turtle soup?
 So turtle soup was hugely popular.
 And in fact, the only reason it's become far less popular
 in America is because they have eaten all the turtles
 in loads of teeth, and they're really endangered now.
 So in the 19th century, you had mock turtle soup,
 which is made with a calf's head, lovely.
 This is Campbell's famously had mock turtle soup.
 So you're like it's unusual flavor.
 Sometimes I found a book from 1821 with a load of recipes in,
 and it said that the fetus of the cow
 is regularly sold to pastry cooks
 for the purpose of making mock turtle soup, lovely.
 Nixon banned soup from White House, from America.
 From White House state dinners, yeah.
 So this was according to Harry Bob Hadelman,
 who was his, he was the cheapest staff for Nixon.
 And famously was the main perpetrator of Watergate.
 Of Watergate, yeah, he did gel time.
 And he said that what happened was Nixon one day said,
 I don't want any soup at any of our dinners, OK?
 And he said, well, it's a perfect thing.
 He says, no one likes soup.
 No one's into soup.
 Let's get it banned.
 And then he spoke to someone who had dinner
 with Nixon the night before.
 And Nixon was famously clumsy.
 And apparently they were having soup.
 And he got it over his shirt.
 And he thought, this is unacceptable.
 And so he banned soup.
 So no soup was ever served.
 Did he say, wait a minute, there's a bug in my soup.
 Because of the Watergate scandal.
 Even I didn't like that.
 President Lincoln's last ever meal was mock total soup.
 Was it?
 Yeah, along with like six other dishes.
 But it was a starter, I think.
 Well, they more lax on the last meal thing in those days.
 Well, I don't think he knew he was going to die.
 Yeah, I guess he was on death row, actually, I suppose.
 This feels like a last meal.
 I don't think I should go out tonight.
 They actually, the turtle club meetings,
 used to become eating competitions.
 They morphed into that.
 Yeah, so the famous soup maker for the turtle club meetings
 in the second half of the 19th century
 was a guy called John Tarbell.
 And he used to arrive two days before the club would have
 its meeting.
 And a newspaper report from the time he said,
 he'd arrive with turtles, flippers tied,
 and eyes are bulged with apprehension.
 And two days later, they'd be in a soup.
 So it was justified apprehension.
 And if you could eat more than three plates,
 then you automatically entered the eating competition.
 And then I think the winner in 1894
 would eat in seven main courses.
 And you got presented with a vegetable bouquet at the end of it.
 It's just classic boys club stuff.
 We need to move on to the next final fan.
 So just maybe one or two little kind of other clubs.
 Yes, right.
 Gentleman's clubs.
 There was a 13 club, which was an anti-superstition club.
 They wanted to say, OK, look, this idea of 13 being bad luck
 is just ridiculous.
 So let's go for dinner with 13 of us.
 And let's have 13 of this and 13 of that.
 And let's walk under some ladders and have some black hats,
 and all that kind of stuff.
 But at the first meeting, only 12 people turned up.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So they--
 The 13th had been decapitated by a dropped mirror.
 Well, they drafted it a waiter to make up the numbers.
 And unfortunately, the waiter was extremely superstitious.
 So he spent the whole time howling and trembling like a leader.
 I'm going to move this on to our final flag.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact is that when evil can evils start in the 1977 film
 "Viva Can Evil," he used a stunt double.
 [LAUGHTER]
 How cool is that?
 Greatest supposed daredevil in the world using a stunt double.
 Was it for insurance or something like that?
 It was, yes.
 So they booked him, and he plays himself in the movie.
 And the idea was that he would make all these leaps.
 And he was at one of the shows where they were going to test out.
 And they did have a stunt double already.
 But he did a wheelie just to the crowd, and he fell off.
 And the insurance people came in and said, OK, that's what you're done.
 And he couldn't do anything else for the movie.
 He fell off during a wheelie.
 He was just-- he was crap, wasn't he?
 He was the worst.
 He was the worst.
 He just fell over all the time.
 That's all he did.
 All of his actual claims to fame are the mistakes that he made.
 So there was a huge thing that put him on the map
 was when he failed to leap over the fountains at Caesar's Palace
 in Las Vegas.
 So he went over, and he clipped right at the end of the ramp,
 and he went right off.
 And so the jump was 150 feet.
 That's how far he was jumping.
 When he flew off the bike, he went 165 feet.
 He cleared the jump in a fall by 15 feet.
 And that's what put him on the map.
 But then the bike hit him.
 It was really-- it was horrible.
 But do you know why he was there in the first place in Las Vegas?
 No.
 He was there to see a boxer whose name was Dick Tiger.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Why isn't this stuff on the national curriculum, guys?
 I read a few obituries of even cannibal.
 And one of the sentences was that he
 went into semi-retirement after a failed attempt
 to jump a pool full of sharks in Chicago in 1976.
 He didn't fall in.
 He didn't fall in.
 He came off the ramp again.
 He had a real problem with ramps, with ramps.
 But he's a fascinating character,
 because he was one of those guys who
 became one of the most famous people in America in his time,
 then disappeared for a very long time.
 Then the revival of nostalgia came about.
 And he came back big in the '90s again.
 He did a revival tour.
 Revival cannibal.
 Because that rhymes with his name.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He's trying to see the way I have to explain.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I would say far too many, so.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, but so he was a huge character.
 And he led his life like he was the most famous man in the world.
 He bought private jets.
 He had countless motorbikes.
 He used to, because he'd injured himself so much,
 he used to walk around with a cane.
 And the cane was really cool.
 It could screw off at the top.
 And he had vials of whiskey inside, six vials of whiskey.
 So he could have shots wherever he was going.
 Yeah, he got incredibly drunk before his last famous jump,
 which was actually in the UK.
 He was jumping over 13 buses.
 Yeah.
 UK, he got incredibly drunk the night before with this guy,
 Frank Gifford, who was the broadcaster, who was going to show it.
 And he woke up the next day, and he went incredibly hung over
 to look at what he had to jump.
 And he said, I can't do this.
 This is impossible.
 It's going to fail.
 And so Frank Gifford said, OK, well, don't do it.
 And he said, well, I have to do it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So, but it's just going to fail.
 And so it did indeed fail.
 And he crashed, and he ended up smashing into this wall.
 And Frank Gifford said he landed almost at his feet.
 And he was spewing blood from his mouth.
 And his bones were sticking out of his hand.
 And so Frank bent down to his new friend
 to see if he was still alive.
 And he noticed that he was trying to say something.
 And so he listened to him thinking,
 these could be his last words.
 And he said, Frank, get that broad out of my room.
 Just get that lady out of my room.
 I just want to be sent back there on my own now.
 Oh, my God.
 When he was filming Viva Keneval, because he didn't
 have to do the stunts, he just every night
 went off to the bars of LA.
 And he frequented most of his favorite bar.
 It's called Filthy McNasty.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was an actual play, very famous place, very famous bar.
 And it shut down.
 And it got--
 Yeah, hygiene regulation.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, but when he used to go there,
 if he got completely drunk, what the owners of the place
 would do is they would go outside and they had a huge sign.
 And they'd changed the words from whatever
 they had to, now, drunk inside, evil Keneval.
 So he went to prison, beating up his PR with a baseball bat.
 And I read one account that said that he did this,
 even though both his arms were in plaster at the time.
 He also coined his name in prison, didn't he?
 So he obviously wasn't called evil Keneval.
 But this is when he went to prison before he became famous.
 And he did a lot of rubberies, he committed a lot of crimes,
 he fell in with the wrong crowds.
 And his cellmate in prison was called Awful Keneval.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He was called William Keneval.
 But people called him Awful Keneval.
 Who are the guards called him Awful Keneval?
 Well, it's exactly that.
 Yeah, they were saying it's a fun pair of names
 to have if we name him evil Keneval.
 That's so cool.
 And actually, it was evil with an eye originally,
 but I think he thought it would look too mean.
 I looked into Kenoffal, and he looks like he was a murderer.
 He escaped prison three times.
 And eventually, this was in Montana because he was from Montana.
 And they kicked him out of Montana and said,
 as long as you go to California, we won't chase you anymore.
 And so they sent him off to California,
 and he never came back.
 That's the last one.
 Evil Keneval's son is now also a dead devil.
 He has recreated some of the jumps that Evil Keneval
 didn't make, and I went to his website.
 And it says, "Want Captain Keneval to jump something bad
 as for your live event?"
 So he can get into jump over anything you want?
 I didn't actually ask for a quote.
 I should have done.
 We should get him to jump over our podcast while we're doing it.
 Just book him just to--
 But it won't make any sense in a future episode.
 I should have booked him for this one.
 So some things on stuntmen generally.
 So the Guinness World Record holder for most stunts
 in a movie, in a movie career as well, is Jackie Chan.
 He holds the Guinness World Record for that.
 He's actually got two Guinness World Records.
 So one is for the most stunts in a movie career
 of a living person.
 And the second one is that he has the most credits
 in a single film.
 15.
 It's got 15 credits.
 And that's what he's got that second one for.
 It's called a Chinese zodiac.
 And his credits include, obviously, actor, writer,
 director, producer, exact producer.
 Gaffer stunt double.
 So I looked into it because I thought, well, that doesn't count,
 if you're just doing your own stunts.
 It's not his stunts.
 He does the other character stunts.
 Is it a fight suit?
 Yeah, he's punching in stunts.
 He's punching in stunts.
 Exactly.
 Why are you hitting yourself, Jackie?
 And lastly, probably my favorite one on that list
 of his credits, catering coordinator.
 And you can see photos where he's behind, like I know.
 Lasagna, vegetarian way.
 That's so cool.
 He's an amazing character, Jackie Chan.
 I said on the podcast ages ago, and he
 said this on the view in America that he's not allowed
 to get into fights in America on the street
 because his hands are illegal weapons.
 I would argue no one's allowed
 to get into fights on the streets of America.
 And so they say that if--
 OK, a normal fight, if you were having a fight on the street,
 a punch is a punch.
 A punch from Jackie Chan in the eyes of the law,
 according to Jackie Chan, is firing a gun.
 What if he punches himself?
 And I can't.
 Suicide, suicide, suicide.
 And also, he claims that his mother was pregnant with him
 for 12 months.
 I've got a fact about one of your heroes
 who makes incredibly dubious claims.
 Yeah.
 It's Brian Blessed.
 This is from Brian Blessed's autobiography.
 He says that when he was doing the show,
 Zed Cars, back in the '60s, '70s, '70s.
 He couldn't drive, so he had a stuntman under his seat,
 working all the pedals, and the gears.
 And the BBC then eventually paid for driving lessons
 after Blessed became overexcited by his performance
 and kicked his stuntman in the bollocks.
 We're going to have to wrap up in literally a couple
 of minutes because we're going to shut the building.
 So I'm just very quickly.
 This is a guy called Ron Cunningham, who was the--
 I think the oldest stuntman ever working.
 He did his final performance in Brighton at the age of 90
 as a stuntman.
 And this is the description of it.
 He, surrounded by a bevy of Brazilian beauties,
 crushed broken bottles with his bare feet,
 set himself a light with lighter fuel,
 stabbed himself several times in the chest with a bendy knife,
 smashed a big glass into his neck with a hammer,
 and rounded things off by telling his infamous chicken joke.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What a guy!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for being here.
 [APPLAUSE]
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 you can reach us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 James.
 Thanks, Hateshapes.
 Andy, I'm going to enter M.
 Anna.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yup.
 And if you would like Robby Canoeville, son of evil,
 to jump over anything, you can head to robbycanoeville.com.
 We will be back again next week with another podcast.
 Thank you guys so much for being here tonight.
 Really appreciate it.
 And we'll see you again next week.
 Bye!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
