 Oh hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I'm sitting here with Anichezinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 James Harkin and special guest Alan Davies and once again we've gathered around the microphone
 with our four favorite facts this time about the World Cup and in no particular order here
 we go.
 Starting with you, Alan.
 Austria qualified for the 1938 World Cup, but then had to withdraw because it stopped
 existing as a country.
 It's a good excuse.
 That's a good excuse.
 It was the 30s, there was a lot of that kind of philosophy and made an existential crisis
 in the camp.
 They're not sure they exist and on that basis they were drawn.
 Also they have been annexed by Germany.
 It's not a big deal guys, but we won't be there.
 Yeah, so that's Germany claimed Austria, right?
 Yeah, but they had to qualify.
 You had to qualify in that year, in '38, while a lot of teams entered.
 So they've gone to a lot of trouble only to be annexed in the preamble to the tournament.
 And they were very good, weren't they, in that they were then sort of the German team and
 the Austrian team then came together.
 So they still eventually played a lot of the players.
 Some of the players went a bit more fan-traff about it.
 Did they?
 I just would not have it.
 Oh really?
 Yeah.
 And actually the players who played didn't get on with the Germans and they all fell out
 and they ended up losing quite early, didn't they?
 Did they?
 Yes, yeah.
 Did it happen to the trophy during the Second World War?
 No.
 It probably melted down, I presume.
 It was under someone's bed.
 Was it?
 Yeah, it was under shoebox under an Italian official's bed.
 Yeah, because I think it did Italy win, it's in 1937 when it happened elsewhere, it didn't
 happen in France.
 Yeah.
 So France took it after Austria, it stopped being a thing.
 Yeah.
 And then I think Italy won and so an Italian official just looked after it.
 Well, Italy won in '34 and this suspicion was that Mussolini chose all the referees for
 their matches.
 Yeah, in '34 Austria came forth behind Germany, so as presumably they hoped the combined
 might of Austria and Germany, at Uruguay who had stayed at tournament 9 to 30 and won it,
 then Sultan didn't come because none of the European teams went to Uruguay, only four of
 them turned up.
 It's such a strife, it's so immature, but you didn't come to my party, I'm not going
 to Uruguay.
 And when they did come back they won it again.
 Do you know what happened when Austria did rip out in 1938, so obviously that left
 a gap and the runners up were Latvia who should have replaced Austria then in the tournament.
 And the people were just like no, we'll just do without, it's fine, and they just gave Sweden
 a buy through the rounds instead of letting Latvia play at all.
 They just decided.
 Right.
 Not good enough.
 I'm beginning to think that these FIFA guys are not completely fair and honest, I'm sorry
 for that.
 Did they not offer for England to take part?
 Oh, maybe they did.
 Yes.
 England refused.
 In the rounds at the home international tournament between England, Scotland, Wales and Northern
 Ireland was of a higher standard and a more significant event.
 Not even making that up.
 We have our own international tournament.
 This wouldn't even go.
 It takes place entirely within our nation, on our little island, where everything's better.
 This Austrian team, they were so good, they were kind of beating everyone at the time,
 not England, they came up to England and lost, but they were beating everyone else by
 quite a lot.
 And they had a new system that no one else used, and it was a 235 system.
 So two defenders, three in midfield and five strikers, which is long being claimed to have
 been invented by Herbert Chapman at Arsenal.
 Is that right?
 And England didn't go into the World Cup, Arsenal played Italy at Highbury.
 I say Arsenal, it was England, but they had seven Arsenal players in.
 One in the game.
 One in the game, three, two.
 Would you say that the current England team is basically Tottenham?
 Yeah, so we're doomed.
 Well, in the game, three, two, it became known as the Battle of Highbury.
 Oh, really?
 And it was decided by Arsenal supporters at the time that, therefore, you're officially
 the World Champions, having beaten Italy on air.
 Oh, of course.
 And that was with a 5-3-2.
 Yeah, it was a revolutionary system.
 There's only team ever played.
 All up front.
 Lantern, one, 10-0-0-0.
 Yeah.
 It's worth a try, right?
 So 1938 FIFA World Cup, the draw was selected by Jules Rimmett, who is the founder of the World
 Cup.
 Jules Rimmett.
 Oh, Jules Rimmett.
 It's actually an interesting fact.
 It's Rimmett.
 You Rimmett.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Rimmett got his grandson to do the draw from a ball.
 It was his grandson on top of a table, picked them out, and that's how the 19-30.
 Now the draw nowadays can be seen from space, and more technology is used in it than was
 used on the Apollo moon landing.
 Oh, come on.
 It's just two things you say about almost every single fact we ever have, and it's bigger than
 a blue one.
 It does sound like a QI script, just can't out your mouth.
 This is the exact same thing.
 They did reveal the logo, though, for this World Cup up in the International Space Station.
 So it was the Russian cosmonauts who, uh, so, yeah.
 And this year's matchball has been to space, so it just came back down in fact.
 It was made in Pakistan, sent up to the ISS.
 So no one kicked it up, did they?
 Oh, sorry.
 They kicked it while it was up.
 Right.
 They hoof it into the rocket, as the rocket was just leaving it.
 That would be different.
 They did, yeah.
 Only Beckham could do this.
 Can I check something with you?
 So you've said the matchball.
 Now, that, to me, gives the impression there's only one ball for the whole World Cup.
 And I know that can't be true, obviously.
 Yeah.
 I think this is the main, the, um, what was you call it?
 The signature ball.
 Yeah, the one they'll probably use in the first game in the final, I guess.
 But they'll use, they'll have lots of balls in every game.
 It's a good call though.
 They'd probably be like, we really need to wrap up these penalties with England and Brazil.
 The Italian German match is happening.
 I've got a fact about the 1930 World Cup, which is, um, the original and the best.
 The original.
 Yeah.
 And you're a guy and say that, don't they?
 So it was in you're a guy and, um, it was not a very advanced World Cup.
 So for example, there was a match between Brazil and Bolivia where everyone was wearing
 white.
 And it was very confusing when they just cricketers they got on their own pitch.
 But there was, there was one way of telling, which is that half the Bolivians were wearing
 berets as well.
 If you, if you kicked it to a guy wearing a beret, there was one in two chances he was on
 your team.
 That's really good.
 No, if you kicked it to a guy wearing a beret, there was a hundred percent chance he was
 on your team if you were Bolivian.
 Yeah.
 It's just that it was, uh, one in three chance, I guess, if you kicked it to a guy with
 that wearing.
 Yeah, so I knew this went on.
 I'm telling you what, a privilege is to be in the inner sanctuary.
 We do actually say things like that to be done.
 No, you're right.
 You're going to get home.
 They do it.
 They actually pulled him up on it.
 We were talking about, um, so England and the World Cup and British teams in the World
 Cup have a good history.
 So Scotland, um, basically got in, but didn't quite in 1950.
 So 1950, it was so weird.
 FIFA really wanted British teams to be playing in the World Cup because they were still being
 really snooty with this whole Britain's better thing.
 And so they said that if they played their home championship, the winner and the runner-up
 could play in the World Cup would both qualify.
 And Scotland said that's insulting.
 If we win, we'll play in it.
 If we roll it up, we refuse.
 And so they played their games and they both smashed Wales and Northern Ireland.
 And then England beat Scotland and Scotland ran back to FIFA and said, "Please, we didn't
 mean it.
 That's interesting, aren't we?"
 And FIFA didn't.
 They were like, "I'm really sorry.
 You gave us your word."
 You said it was only if you won it.
 You won.
 Wow.
 And that was the end of Scotland and the World Cup.
 Have they never won it since then?
 They've never won it.
 They've won it.
 You can't win it if you don't qualify, is he?
 Right, got it.
 They used to qualify.
 I mean, in my school days, it was always Scotland in and not England in the seventies.
 Thank you.
 You used to be on a level pegging, actually, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 England had a policy of refusing to pick their best players on the grounds that they had
 long hair.
 And I'm not even making them so much.
 So that people like Stan Bowles and Rodney Marsh, who had long hair and Frank Worthington, who
 were all the most skillful players in the first division, because they didn't have a
 shortback in sides and play cards.
 Oh, my God.
 They would pick people who looked like they were in the army because most of the managers
 had been.
 Wow.
 They also would not pick maverick managers who were clever and inventive, like Garret
 Southgate.
 Yeah.
 He said the tradition of the English manager looks good in the blaze up.
 And he's good.
 And he's never seen.
 He's a good man.
 And he looks so confused.
 The references we made.
 I don't know what's going on.
 It feels like that.
 Good news, though, Andy.
 You've got quite short hair.
 Oh, great.
 Well, I imagine I'll make it in, right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 In the seventies, everything changed in the fashion front.
 So people started growing their hair long.
 And England failed to qualify.
 In 1974 and 1978.
 And I'm convinced it's because all the best players had long hair and the older men were
 offended.
 And then, in the world covered in 1978, the leading scorer had really a load of hair.
 And beer.
 And I think he had his ear pierced.
 And his name was Mario.
 And he gave the lie.
 And his partner in crime, his ferrocenter forward, had a headband.
 I mean, that absolutely gave the lie a short back in size, being essential for winning football
 matches.
 Yeah.
 That's our excuse.
 That's our excuse in the seventies.
 One of the eighties and nineties.
 One of the eighties and nineties.
 One of the eighties and nineties.
 We got loads of people in the locker.
 We even have people with mullets.
 And we got to the semi-final.
 That's true.
 And in fact, it was one of the mullets.
 Chris Waddle, who blasted his penalty over the bar.
 But we forgive him.
 I'm just thinking about the current squad.
 There's not much long hair there, is there?
 So...
 No, times have changed.
 Yeah.
 Not matters now are tattoos.
 How many arms leaves have you got?
 And how many piercings?
 Do they want more or less?
 Yeah, more.
 The more...
 I mean, Lionel Messi, who's the best player that's ever played football, has had one of his
 legs from the knee down entirely blacked out.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So they can't see it on the field.
 Yeah.
 It's on sale.
 In night matches.
 And that is a floating boot going around with it.
 See if he's not good enough as it is.
 This boot is now detached from his body.
 Doesn't Messi have really dodgy legs or something?
 Like, he had polio or something as a child.
 Really?
 He was...
 Oh.
 And he took tons of drugs.
 He had to have lots and lots of...
 Yeah, hormones for growth.
 Yeah.
 Growth hormones.
 And some people think that's a little bit naughty.
 Well, I'm not sure about that.
 When he came from Argentina when he was about 11 or 12, as this kind of mccurial prodigy,
 and he went to Barcelona and they said he's brilliant, but he's too small.
 And then one of the coaches saw him and said, "He really is brilliant.
 What can we do about him?"
 And they did that.
 They had him on growth hormones.
 Tell you he was about 13.
 But he's still only five for seven.
 Yeah, that's not working that well.
 He's not like Michael Jordan.
 He's not like Michael Jordan.
 You actually think he's that small because half his legs are blacked out?
 Yeah.
 You can't see his legs.
 Please say so far.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Chisinski.
 My fact is that this year, Argentina's Football Association gave its players a World Cup
 manual with a chapter on how to pick up Russian women.
 So it was a booklet that was given out to journalists and to players and to coaches in Argentina.
 And it was like a course about how to adapt to Russian culture.
 And there was an entire chapter that was titled, "How to Stand a Chance with a Russian Girl."
 And it included advice like, "Make sure you're clean, smell good and dress well."
 Because apparently, Argentinian men love filthy, smelling women.
 Can I just say as someone married to a Russian?
 I'm not sure they're bothered about cleverness and dressing well, but we haven't seen it
 before yet.
 Well, are they bothered about this, James?
 The booklet also said, "Russian girls hate boring men.
 Never ask tight questions.
 Be original."
 I wonder if my wife actually is Russian.
 It also said that they don't like to be seen as objects, which is singular to Russian women.
 But apparently, it's true of them.
 But yeah, this was in the booklet.
 And then apparently, Argentina got word of it from some of the journalists and went
 to rip all the pages out of this booklet and said, "Oh God, that wasn't meant to be in
 there.
 Sorry.
 It was a mistake.
 Mistakely included."
 And it's no longer there.
 I found a bit of, so there's a problem that Moscow's parliament has been telling people
 to be smart for the World Cup.
 OK.
 And this is travelers, I think.
 I think it's fans arriving, and there are on the spot fines in Moscow if you don't adhere
 to these rules.
 And it's 500 rubles, which is the maximum, which is about 6 quid, so you can actually...
 That's great.
 No jeans, no trainers.
 Yeah.
 It's like a nightclub.
 It's like a big nightclub.
 The name's knocked down.
 You're not coming in.
 That definitely is one.
 They've had that down for years.
 Even the name's knocked down.
 You're not getting out.
 Yeah.
 But it's, with visas this time, obviously, when you go into a country like Russia, you need
 a visa, but fans won't need a visa.
 They have a fan visa, which is automatically given to them if they can show they have a ticket.
 That's quite cool.
 That's quite cool.
 To prove interest or knowledge in football.
 Just need a ticket.
 Yeah, just need a ticket.
 But under you wouldn't enjoy it.
 There's no point in lying.
 I don't have a ticket either.
 That's fine.
 The amount of information you have to give on the official ticket website to get a ticket.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 Mark Zuckerberg would absolutely.
 And you've actually got to give your parents details.
 What are the awesome stuff?
 Oh, everyone.
 Is it like your passport information?
 Yeah, probably every country you've been to.
 Like everything.
 To vote for on love island.
 You have to.
 Andy, we've suddenly hit an interest point for you here on the podcast.
 We're not here to discuss that.
 People aren't tense about this one, right?
 Didn't the head of-
 So about this love island?
 I know I am.
 Yeah.
 Kendall was robbed.
 I saw Kendall this morning in the flash.
 Did she?
 At the this morning's studios.
 She is very, very small.
 And one of her legs is completely invisible.
 Never been seen in the same room.
 Isn't there no messy?
 Fascinating.
 If you go out, just put on the door of the tunnel.
 The greatest conspiracy theory I heard in this show.
 Kendall Messi.
 No, the head of football policing in the UK has warned the Brits, basically, not to
 be to Agro.
 Haven't they in Russia?
 So they said don't wave St. George's flags around.
 Don't drink.
 Don't drink.
 Don't drink.
 There's a security expert, a man who calls himself a security expert.
 He's a director of the University of Buckingham Center for Security Intelligence.
 He's called Anthony Gleese, but he did an interview with the Express.
 So I want to have a reliable he is, but he warned.
 Well, after he's been through the prism of the Express, then it ain't going to happen.
 When did he say the world's going to end?
 And where is Princess Dunham?
 He seriously said that English footballers need to look out for Russian women who are actually
 spies disguised as women trying to seduce them, because he said if there's one way to
 scupper England's chances even more, it'll be through honey traps by leading the players
 on with gorgeous Russian girls.
 I've heard the English team are going for a 10-0-0 formation this World Cup.
 What?
 I don't know how you jeopardise it.
 And then you give them an STD or something that...
 Oh, cripples them for them.
 Yeah.
 Well, apparently Paraguayan prostitutes tried to seduce Venezuela and players in the qualifiers
 of this World Cup.
 And?
 Yeah.
 What?
 Well, it was weird, because actually neither team could qualify at that point.
 But apparently, a load of prostitutes made it into their hotel lobby and they claimed they
 were trying to seduce them.
 But to sort of detire them out before the big match?
 I suppose that might happen.
 Because it sounds like they were just prostitutes doing their job and these were just men who
 wanted to show prostitutes.
 Yeah.
 It does sound like that.
 This is in a way trip that all the Paraguayan squab were available for.
 Who wants to go to Venezuela for the dead rubber?
 Me!
 Me!
 The dead rubber.
 Is that a prostitution phrase, or is it a...
 It may also be, but in its context...
 So it gets thrown out the window and it acts.
 Yeah.
 But isn't it true, that?
 But actually, people think that you shouldn't have sex before football matches, right?
 Well, I've heard...
 No, footballers.
 Footballers don't think that.
 No.
 Sometimes, there's people who charge them and think they charge them out.
 Yeah, I've heard it doesn't really affect your performance, actually.
 Yeah.
 I don't think so.
 Yeah, there's a football health coach called Nick Littlehaels, who's Christiana Ronaldo
 Sleep Coach, as well as a bunch of other people sleep coach.
 Sorry, Christiana Ronaldo Sleep Coach.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Got a sleep!
 (LAUGHTER)
 Actually, it was not a tactic that worked, in fact.
 But he says it's crap that athletes shouldn't have sex before big games, but he just says
 they do need to sleep so low.
 So what he says is, I guess, they should have sex, but then their partners need to get
 up and go and sleep in a separate room, like in kind of Tudor times.
 Ah!
 That's the idea.
 And he introduced Sleeping Pods, so Christiana Ronaldo at his Real Madrid moment, isn't he?
 Yeah.
 Real Madrid has Sleeping Pods, and every player has their own Sleeping Pods.
 I imagine them all in orbit, somehow.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, they're only...
 Just been brought in back into the atmosphere for the match.
 Yes, each match.
 And then launched back into orbit.
 Yeah.
 That big dry ice.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Over there.
 Let me get woken up.
 Yeah.
 Where am I?
 What do you think?
 You woken up too early.
 Let's wake up, Jennifer Lauren.
 She's not here.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Well, that Paraguay in prostitutes will do.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Where the Paraguay in prostitute pots?
 (LAUGHTER)
 (MUSIC)
 OK, it's time for fact number three, and that is James.
 My fact this week is that scientists have invented anti-diving shin pads.
 Oh!
 Do these scents psychologically that you're about to dive, and they hold your body up.
 (LAUGHTER)
 On the pitch.
 (LAUGHTER)
 In mid-air.
 Yeah.
 And they're broke us saying, "I'm fine.
 It didn't touch me."
 Well, what it is.
 (LAUGHTER)
 I mean, they're completely useless.
 Like, they're just stupid.
 But they do exist.
 There's a sensor in your boot.
 There's a sensor in the shin pad.
 And when they touch each other, the referee has an alarm, which will go off,
 so he knows that there's been contact.
 Unfortunately, the problem is that you can file someone by pushing them in the back,
 or whatever, so it doesn't let it completely pointless.
 So they need to invent anti-diving body suits.
 Yeah, it's like the same technology as you have in a fencing, I guess,
 when you know that someone's been hitting fencing.
 There's a new version which makes your shin pads light up when you get kicked.
 Kids would love light up shin pads.
 Yeah.
 It's just for the to light up.
 Kick me.
 (LAUGHTER)
 You kick yourself on the shin pad.
 Penalty.
 They almost brought this in for the Kanifa World Cup, which is just happened,
 which is the World Cup for countries that aren't really countries,
 which is sponsored by Paddy Power, and Paddy Power wanted to bring in some weird ass rules,
 you know, that were different than normal rules.
 Right.
 And they brought in one thing, which was a green card,
 which means if you get sent off for abusing the referee.
 You can work in America.
 (LAUGHTER)
 It's very tempting.
 Even now.
 There's a lot of state of the United States.
 North Koreans offending.
 (LAUGHTER)
 There's a lot of Mexicans.
 What happens if you get so much fun?
 For the green cards, you get sent off, but they're allowed to bring on a substitute.
 So they don't punish the team, they punish the player.
 So they did that in this, in this World Cup.
 And you actually went, didn't you, to the Kanifa?
 To the final and to one of the other games, yeah.
 It's fun.
 Who did you play?
 I saw Northern Cyprus against Abkazia in the first game,
 and then Northern Cyprus against...
 Who was a Kapitalia?
 I don't believe Abkazia lost Northern Cyprus.
 I know.
 Because I was supporting Abkazia, actually.
 Where's Abkazia?
 It's a breakaway area of Georgia.
 Do you know who's won?
 Does it finish at the same time as the World Cup?
 No, it finished.
 I went to the final last weekend, then it was won by Kapitalia,
 which is a part of Ukraine where Hungarians live.
 Oh, okay.
 Oh, it's not a carpet warehouse.
 Because it really sounds like one.
 Yeah.
 Run by Italians.
 I'd like to see their television ads.
 It's not the ones where the owner does it himself.
 It's a Kapitalia.
 Kapitalia.
 Soon we will be our own country.
 Fully Kapitalia.
 The only Kapitalia nation on earth.
 The other wall.
 And the other wall.
 I'd be world-to-world Kapitalia.
 World-to-world Kapitalia.
 World-to-world Kapitalia.
 So on weird football rules, I was looking into.
 Do you know the referee can send himself off?
 Do you know that?
 No, he needs a wee.
 No.
 He can send a card.
 He doesn't card him.
 Say yellow card.
 That card happened, can it?
 It can happen.
 It has happened.
 Not in big football games.
 But for instance, in 2005, Peterborough North End was playing Royal Mail AYL.
 This was a lower leagues match.
 And the referee Andy Wayne got really angry.
 So someone disagreed with his decision.
 A player disagreed with his decision.
 And he flung away his whistle.
 And he untucked his shirt.
 And he ran up and labeled the player.
 And then immediately he saw the error of his ways.
 And he gave himself a red card and sent himself off.
 And there was no one to replace him.
 And then he waited to the car park for him.
 Wow.
 But they can also send off Linesman, which I didn't know.
 So this has some type of...
 They've got so much power.
 Yeah.
 They've got more power than they should have.
 So last year, there was Dundee beat Kalmanuk.
 So this was an actual match with teams that...
 Well, it's in Scotland.
 It's in Scotland.
 But it's still real football.
 As many of your listeners.
 Oh my god.
 So naive.
 When I do a Scotland, of course, they're the best shows I have.
 Are they?
 Better than Wales, Alan.
 Don't do that.
 What am I filled?
 So in Scotland, whom we love.
 All of you.
 In this match, the revs sent off the assistant referee
 and gave him a red card, because he was vomiting.
 By the side of the pitch.
 That's not a vomiting, send him off.
 That is a bit harsh.
 Yeah, I think it seems unfair.
 You can't be sent off for vomiting.
 Who was it who vomiting before a penalty and the...
 Well, because you're down.
 Yeah.
 That was in the Euro.
 That was in England.
 It depends on whether it's deliberate and malicious vomiting.
 If you do it in the face of the goalkeeper, just before a penalty.
 Yeah.
 He just did it on the pitch.
 He put his hands on his knee.
 I was at that match.
 He put his hands on his knees.
 We thought, "What's he doing?"
 Wow.
 And then he suddenly looked up, ran up, smashed it in the net.
 And on the television replay, you can see when he had his hands on his knees.
 He was vomiting on the pitch.
 I grabbed in because he once did a poo on the pitch.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 What was the video of this?
 There were so many cameras in the ground.
 There must be a poo camera.
 There was so many cameras in the ground.
 There must be a poo camera.
 There's video of him kind of dragging his bum on the grass.
 Like a dirt.
 Like a dirt.
 Like a staphage of ulterior.
 And then people tweet him all the time, just saying.
 Just remind the good...
 You poo to the pitch.
 Yeah.
 But he never got a yellow card in his whole career.
 He probably scored the card as well.
 Yeah.
 No, he never did.
 Can I each guy enter up with just a tiny bit of personal news?
 We're recording this on Anna's computer.
 And there's a alarm that's come up that is to tell her she needs to get
 lural and olive oil in 25 minutes.
 Well, the thing is, Anna always shits herself in the middle of a podcast.
 Lural and olive oil.
 Lural and olive oil.
 That's what every paragraph possibly takes for the world cup.
 Wow.
 I'm not extra virgin.
 No.
 So the penalty was invented by an Irish guy called William McCrum.
 And no one liked him at first because they thought how on earth would anyone be so
 low as to deliberately commit a foul.
 This was in a long time ago.
 Yeah.
 And they called it the Irishman's motion.
 But they...
 Gary Linnaker.
 I don't know.
 Honour of that.
 Performed an Irishman's motion.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that in April, police in Lima seized over 20,000 counterfeit
 Penini football sticker albums with a street value of $350,000.
 Wow.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 And this keeps happening. It happens all the time because they're really...
 They're on the every four years.
 Yes, true.
 But the police in Italy have seized another 20,000 stickers.
 And they said this could be the tip of the iceberg.
 Every World Cup happens because they're quite, you know, valuable things.
 I mean, the full ones are really valuable.
 Yeah.
 The empty ones, I guess, are valuable, too, because you can...
 Well, I went on eBay just to see what the highest...
 You're putting Penini sticker.
 And there are empty albums from previous World Cups.
 The highest value is sort of 5,000 pounds.
 Sometimes for an empty book.
 Well, the empty ones, if you can sell an eBay and empty book with all the stickers in it,
 then that's the best you can get.
 Because then people get it and they get the enjoyment of putting the stickers in.
 I understand that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that's worth thousands of dollars, by me.
 To people like me.
 And you do it, don't you?
 You've, in previous World Cups, called out on Twitter to say can we swap Penini stickers?
 Well, let's put this on the podcast.
 Oh, okay.
 No, no, I do, yeah, I do do stickers.
 You live in North London, don't you, in Finnsbury Park?
 And you love people to approach you with football stickers.
 Did you always do Penini?
 Because they won.
 We did a different one when we were kids.
 Merlin, yeah.
 I did Merlin when they did the Bino stickers.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But then Dini came back in, didn't it?
 Penini recently has become huge.
 Yeah.
 Well, huge.
 In my household.
 You were dressed just to be clear.
 Do you not do stickers?
 No.
 Oh, no, my little boy now is keen.
 In fact, he found some at the bottom of a well-known breakfast cereal recently.
 Oh, yeah.
 And I thought this is going to cost me about a grand.
 Yeah, that's pretty much it.
 It will cost you 773 pounds 60 to fill a book.
 Yep.
 Is that, is that, if that's if you get every single sticker first time?
 That's if you keep buying.
 It's a mathematics professor has worked out that if you just keep buying
 and you don't do any swaps with anyone on average to have to complete the album.
 But apparently, if you do have friends, it can be cheaper.
 It can be cheaper.
 And also, you can buy stickers direct from Penini.
 Yeah, you're last 50 you can buy.
 Yeah, but they failed then, haven't you?
 Have you?
 If you've just calling them out, so please, can I have Marcus Rashford?
 I've bought 5,000.
 Well, that's what happened.
 Music Magpie decided to test it out.
 And they bought 5,000 stickers worth 800 pounds.
 They only found 681 out of the 682 stickers.
 So they were one shot.
 They didn't have Raja Nangolin.
 And he isn't even going, yeah, he's maybe going to the World Cup.
 Is he not?
 No, really.
 Yeah, he's I think, I think he didn't get picked.
 But yeah.
 Yeah.
 Remember that in 1990, David Rowcastle of Arsenal had a coin made.
 And he played, he played, he started in every qualify match England played.
 He had a coin made in the S.O. World Cup coin collection.
 And then when they picked the squad, they didn't pick him.
 Oh, my God.
 No, that's about so, so, so hurtful.
 But I mean, I've got a coin.
 Never mind playing every qualify.
 You were thinking he had his own coin made on vanity.
 He didn't have his own made.
 He didn't mean to coin in the S.O. World Cup.
 There was a really cool idea.
 And James, I reckon you would like this.
 There was a news agent in the 2016 Euro.
 So Penini did for the Euro 2016.
 They did a shop where basically people could meet up just to swap the Penini stickers.
 I guess I'm not interested in me to go with people to do so.
 This fact is about Lima.
 Peru.
 So they qualified about footballs.
 Sorry, they were in the fact.
 Yeah.
 So they qualified, right?
 Yes.
 Peru qualified.
 But in Lima, where the match was against New Zealand, it's where they had a 2NL victory that got them in.
 There was an app which is designed to warn people of an impending natural disaster.
 So earthquakes, mainly.
 And that app went off when Lima was celebrating because there was so much activity going on.
 Oh, really?
 That an earthquake warning went out to everyone with that app.
 How cool is that?
 There was so much geological activity.
 Yeah, there was so many people just jumping around.
 Which happens a lot in football stadiums, doesn't it, in America?
 In America, in football stadiums.
 Yeah, so an American football stadium can register a very tiny earthquake to anything that's sensitive towards it.
 And in Lima, they have that.
 And there was once a madness festival in Finnsbury Park that set off a earthquake thing as well.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 You live in Finnsbury Park.
 I can't see the sun here.
 I was bizarrely looking into sponsorship that appears on jerseys.
 So my favourite one is Athletico Madrid, who the sponsorship for their team in 2003 was a deal with Columbia Pictures.
 So the sponsorship kept changing according to what movie they were pushing at that time.
 So movies that appeared on their jerseys included white chicks, Spanglish, and Anaconda's the hunt for the Blood Orchid.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 At Andrew Hunter.
 James.
 At James Harkin.
 And Alan?
 No.
 That's usually Chizu's kids are all alone.
 And Anna.
 And you can email podcasts at qi.com.
 Or you can go to our Facebook group or our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We will be back again next week.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
