 "Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray
 and James Harkin and once again we have gathered round the microphones with our four favourite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is James."
 Okay my fact this week is that in 1978 chess player Victor Kochnoy accused Anatoly Karpov
 of cheating using an elaborate yoghurt based code.
 Was it an elaborate yoghurt or an elaborate code?
 I actually added that word elaborate to kind of make it feel a bit better than it actually
 is.
 No it isn't elaborate yoghurt, it was blueberry wasn't it?
 How basic are the yoghurt's that you're using today?
 You think blueberry is elaborate.
 Anything about standard Greek is elaborate.
 I've read some places that it's blueberry but some places that it might be the even
 more elaborate bilberry yoghurt.
 Okay that actually that really is top tier.
 But basically what had happened was we'll get onto everything that was happening around
 there at the time because it was an extremely controversial match but Karpov was just playing
 chess and then suddenly someone brought him a yoghurt and no one knew that they were going
 to bring a yoghurt.
 Normally you would have your snacks at very specific times but suddenly they just brought
 him this blueberry or blueberry yoghurt and then he made a really good move and Kochnoy
 who for various reasons was quite suspicious thought that this must have been a code and
 whatever the flavour of the yoghurt was going to be that was telling him what kind of move
 he had to make.
 And then Kochnoy later on he did say that it was a joke and he was trying to parody
 the fact that people are always blaming each other of cheating but the truth is that he
 definitely did make the accusation, the officials took it seriously and they changed the rules
 to say that everyone had to decide what snacks they were going to have before the game started
 and they had to have them at certain times so.
 So it's not the idea that maybe he wrote something in the yoghurt, in Bill Briggs.
 Oh if you drizzle it in in honey, that would be clever.
 So basically this was 1978 this guy Kochnoy he's a great great chess player possibly the
 best chess player never to become world champion but he had defected from the Soviet Union
 and the reason he defected is because the Soviets had decided to give other people a
 chance as their main challengers and not let him do it so he decided fuck this I'm getting
 out of there and so he went to live in Europe eventually in Switzerland but because he was
 so good he was still like the main challenger to Karpov and so they had this game but the
 Soviets were trying every trick in the book to stop him from winning so at first they
 said that he wasn't allowed to take place because he didn't have a state as in he wasn't
 Soviet anymore he wasn't Swiss yet he didn't have a country and then when eventually the
 chess authority said well you know he has he's the best he just beaten a guy called
 Petrosian who was previously thought to be the best so they thought okay well he's got
 to take part but the Moscow newspapers refused to name him they just called him the opponent
 or the challenger they wouldn't say what he was called and his family was still in the
 Soviet Union and the Soviet authorities refused to let them leave so they kind of kept them
 hostage because they were so upset about this guy who defected and was possibly about to
 become the world champion.
 Wow.
 God.
 So with the family pissed off when he was just lounging around eating blueberry yoghurt
 mid-match that's a bit casual for someone whose family's got a gun held at them.
 Yeah no I see that point I see that point but he thought that possibly I think that by becoming
 the world champion they wouldn't be able to get at him because he'd be world famous you
 know.
 Yes.
 There were other the match had other accusations as well didn't it so Korshnoi brought his
 own personal chair which he'd like to play chess in fair enough you're sitting down for
 several hours you want to be comfortable but Karpov's team they were the ones who were
 suspicious now and they requested the chair be dismantled an x-rayed.
 Wow.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 What would be expected to find in there you wonder.
 An extra chess piece?
 Oh it doesn't work like Monopoly does it?
 You can't just bring an extra bishop on them.
 Theoretically if no one noticed you could accidentally drop an extra bishop on there.
 I'm sure I took both your bishops no you're misremembering it yeah no you only took one.
 But this one is a it's a different design to the other bishops from afar.
 Well it looks like a bit of a chair leg to be honest the paranoia looking into this of
 chess players and what they must go through I mean if you were playing a game it feels
 like half the game is just looking out for ways in which the other player is cheating.
 There's a yogurt there's a man standing over there there's a chair like you know which
 one of these are giving him the details.
 The man standing over there is a really good one are you talking about the French team
 in 2012.
 Yes that's right yeah.
 2012 there's an Olympiad in Russia and there were accusations that the French team were
 managing to get the messages to the actual player and by standing in pre-arranged spots
 behind the board so I'm not sure of the exact code but it's like if I'm standing over here
 then use your knight or if I'm standing over here there's a great move that you can't
 see in Russia or whatever.
 Did they not all stand in the exact order of which the chess pieces are on the board?
 Or you don't know if they were on a horse.
 Yeah one of them had a little mitre that would be really fun one of them is really poor and
 is why is your manager only walking diagonally just for a while?
 Why is the queen here?
 And they never proved that did they?
 They often don't sort of prove it so that's still an accusation we should say.
 I don't think the French team were found guilty of doing that but it does make you think is
 it not after a point easier to just play the game well than to memorise this very presumably
 quite complicated code of standing formations?
 The problem is that computers are better than humans now right and so if you can somehow
 get a computer to tell you what to do then you're going to be able to be even the best
 human and so that's why cheating now is even more of a problem than it ever has been before.
 So I listened to a more or less podcast the radio foreshad more or less and they interviewed
 the head of research at chess.com who was saying it's so it's quite interesting now
 spotting cheaters who are cheating with computers because computers play in a completely different
 way to people so he was acting like anyone could tell the difference straight away which
 I imagine we couldn't but he was saying you know you can tell after a few moves if someone
 is suddenly using a computer and the key difference is that computers don't plan they don't have
 a memory of the move that preceded and they don't have a long term strategy and so when
 it comes to a move they act like they've never ever seen the board before and they just do
 what's the exactly perfect move for that moment whereas human beings we have a plan and then
 we want to stick to it even if sometimes circumstances happen that mess with the plan.
 So for instance it's very unusual for a human to willingly take back a move in chess because
 if you've made a move you don't want to attract it a computer got no compunction about that
 just do it when it wants to when it sees it's the best move.
 The thing about retracting your moves with computers that's like where you almost go
 back to your previous position right because the retracting moves that you or I might have
 a problem with if we were playing chess would be if I moved my knight to a place and then
 I took my finger off it and then I go no no I want to take that back.
 And that actually did happen with the one of the greatest chess players of all time
 which was Kasparov, Gary Kasparov when he was playing against a woman called Judith
 Polgar and she is probably the greatest female she almost definitely is the greatest female
 chess player that's ever played and if she'd have beaten Kasparov in this game it would
 have been the first time that a woman had ever beaten a world champion in a game of
 chess and he moved his knight into what would be a bad position and then he took his face
 off it and he went no no I didn't take my finger off it and he put it back and then
 he ended up I'm not sure if he won or tied the game eventually she carried on she became
 the 10th best player in the entire world anyway but that could have been such a big moment
 of the first woman beating a grandmaster but yeah did you guys read about her Judith Polgar
 she's amazing so no she was her father was called Lashlo Polgar and he had three daughters
 and he trained them all to be chess players and it's one of those stories which kind
 of half sounds a little bit like you know he's really forcing them to do this and it's
 quite bad but then on the other hand they all loved it and whenever you interview them
 they were all like oh this is what brought our family together we all absolutely loved
 it and so his daughters Sousa, Sophia and Judith all became grandmasters eventually
 Judith could beat her father by the time she was five years old at 15 she was the youngest
 person male or female to be awarded a grandmaster title and then eventually she played against
 Kasparov and should have beaten him but wasn't allowed to because of that and there was a
 great interview with Sousa when they asked her about playing against men and she said
 that she'd won loads of matches but she'd never won against a healthy man after every
 game there was always an excuse I had a headache I had stomach ache there was always something
 well I think that's a bit eggs in one basket training all three daughters to play chess
 if it was up to me I would train one to play chess, one to play drafts and one to play
 snakes and ladders and I would hope that one of them in the field would become the world
 champion yeah the problem with snakes and ladders is it is literally all down to luck
 of the dice isn't it there's literally no strategy there at all a lot of a lot of people
 say that it's just luck and there's no strategy but I would say actually I do remember when
 I played against you there's that guy stood in the corner with a ladder in front of him
 don't you say that about snakes and ladders I was reading this article that really annoyed
 me because what you've said so about cheating and games it was in the LA Times it was about
 whether you should let your kids cheat in board games and it was written by this guy
 who's four-year-old daughter cheats at snakes and ladders by like climbing up the snakes
 or jumping forward to the ladder and the gist of the article was you should let kids cheat
 because they don't really get a sense of fairness and ethics so they're seven or eight and before
 that they're just developing their creativity but the question was framed at the top as
 you know you're playing snakes and ladders she's cheating do you insist that your children
 play by the rules and then trounce them every single time or do you let them cheat and I
 was like snakes and ladders is the one game where a five-year-old does have a chance of
 beating you it sounds like the dad is cheating all the time that's why I never let my little
 sister play me at snakes and ladders because she would have a chance of beating me actually
 I'm like no we're going bowling so we're doing the test your strength machine again
 that was until she was about seven years old chest.com they have chest detectives which
 I love so they've got six chest detectives and I didn't realise how big chest.com is
 I mean it's absolutely massive this global site since March the number of accounts they
 have closed for cheating specifically is 85,000 now obviously that might be some people setting
 up new accounts after the first time but that is a lot of people cheating around the world
 well apparently it's 30% of chest masters again according to this exactly the people
 you'd thought should really be a profit but they quite often play matches on there for
 money or tournaments and 30% of them he says he's had to give a warning to and he says
 there's a system where you give them one warning and you say our computers have seen that you're
 cheating and using a computer and then he says the vast majority of them don't do it
 again which he said is so they're really being noble and realising they've done wrong but
 presumably they just think oh shit they've got detectives on this one in 2013 there was
 a Bulgarian player called Berislav Ivanov and he was forced into retirement due to a
 scandal he walked into the arena and they wanted to search him for an electronic device
 and they said can you take off your shoes and he said no my socks are too smelly so
 I refuse to take off my shoes and they said right okay well you're disqualified and basically
 you won't be able to play in any international competitions anymore wow Jesus has he stuck
 with that? He does a play anymore and that's maybe because he has such smelly feet it's
 possible that he has such smelly feet you know he also I think in that same tournament
 that he had a few suspicious moments and another one was where a competitor spotted a suspicious
 bump under his shirt and grabbed it which seems like an incredibly awkward moment if
 you've got that wrong but said it was indeed an oblong object similar to an mp3 player but
 then somehow didn't catch it I don't know if you ran away into the crowd or something
 my torso he said is so smelly that's a...
 Well that was that story in 1993 at the World Open where there was a guy called John von
 Newman and he came in and he was playing he was an unrated newcomer and he was wearing
 headphones the whole time suspicious already and he drew with a grandmaster in this tournament
 this is an unrated player and everyone kept pointing out that he had a suspicious bulge
 in one of his pockets which appeared to make soft humming noises and buzzing sounds at
 real pivotal points in the match and so they got him afterwards and said listen we think
 there's a bit something dodgy going on here and one of the tournament directors quizzed
 him about chess and it turns out he didn't even have the basic fundamental knowledge
 of how to play chess when asked the basic questions yeah so he was sent in he had someone
 on the headphones just telling him what to do the knobbly one no not that one no no the
 one with five nubs on the end don't take your finger off it once you touch that I want
 to see the Michael Spicer the man in the other room you tit
 okay it's time for fact number two and that is Andy my fact is that imitators of Harry
 Houdini included Howdyny, Boudini, Houdini, Houdini, Houdini, Houdini, Bernadie and cunning
 the jailbreaker oh my goodness yeah there's a footballer called Troy Dini I wonder if
 he was originally a Houdini probably probably it's very good in the box that's a Houdini
 joke about him getting out of the box there we go so this is this is from a great article
 on Gini magazine which is a kind of magic Wikipedia a Wikipedia about magic that is
 and it's just about all the people who Dini was so successful that just everyone started
 imitating him there was another guy called Kola who obviously didn't get into the main
 fact because it doesn't sound enough like Houdini but his his catchphrase was give my
 regards to the chief of police which is just such a great thing to shout as you're escaping
 yeah yeah and often these people would advertise in a way that you would definitely think it
 was Houdini right yeah so like there was a guy who was called the great Alexander that
 you would think well that sounds often like Houdini he's fine right but then I saw on
 wildabouthoudini.com which is like a blog all about Houdini there was a flyer from this
 guy called the great Alexander and it just said in massive letters Houdini and you would
 think by walking past that Houdini would be there but it actually if you read the small
 print it said Houdini the great escape artist would be outdone by the great Alexander which
 I think we should give a shout out to wildabouthoudini.com cause it is unbelievable it's made by this
 guy called John Cox and he's collated I think it must be every single primary source about
 Houdini ever like every newspaper clipping every diary entry of everyone who ever met
 him it's so good you can just disappear into it.
 Well it's really nice isn't it because you get the article and often you then have to
 do extra digging but he's he's put the picture of the newspaper where it was originally mentioned
 like for example Houdini didn't start off as Houdini when he got into the world of of
 performance he was originally a trapeze artist and he was billed as Eric Prince of the air
 and he you read that but next to it he's tracked down the original citation for it in an advert
 in a newspaper to show that this existed as a real thing so he's really done his research
 for the website.
 Yeah he's got the Houdini source of why he left one of his very first jobs as Projea the
 wild man of Mexico or Projea maybe which I think we've mentioned before that he played
 this role and his job was to snarl madly as raw meat was thrown at him and so this is
 one of his early performance acts and he quit when he ended up being hit in the eye with
 a slab of meat and indeed he recalls this himself there's a 1902 newspaper article what's also
 great about him is that he wrote prolifically columns for newspapers and he was writing
 while he was in Berlin for Oktoberfest in fact and he said I couldn't look at my trainer
 for three weeks because my eyes were closed that caused me to become tame because of this
 meat slab in the face.
 He had his own magazine.
 Who did Houdini?
 Houdini had his own magazine called Conjurer's Monthly Magazine and it wasn't explicitly
 his magazine but if you read any single edition of it you would notice that it was plugging
 Houdini it was writing malicious gossip about other magicians Houdini didn't like and criticising
 all the people imitating him it only lasts for about a year but yeah.
 He did like to sort of have a go at other magicians because he did find himself constantly having
 his ideas and his inventions stolen and he desperately wanted to make sure that people
 couldn't use them but that was really hard because if you were to patent your invention
 as part of the patent you would need to reveal what the trick was so he could never do that.
 He did get around it slightly there was one loophole that he managed to find which was
 he had the Chinese water torture cell and that was one that he prized a lot and what
 he did was he put on a play where that was in the play this act that you would escape
 but he only put the play on to one person sitting in the audience and then he was able
 to copyright the act as opposed to patent it so that no one could then do it because
 it was copyrighted as a play.
 When he died he gave his tricks to his brother didn't he so his brother was also a magician
 or an escape artist which I didn't know he was called Theo but he went under the name
 Hardeen which is almost like one of these rip-off names isn't it?
 Yeah in fact it's just about the only sound that is not made by those imitators.
 And when Theo died in 1945 the props went up for sale and they were eventually bought
 by David Copperfield and they're currently in storage in Las Vegas and the way to get
 through them they're in a big room that's next door to a sex shop and you have to go
 through the sex shop to get to the warehouse and there was an interview with Hugh Jackman
 who'd went to see them and he said that the way you get to this warehouse is that there's
 a mannequin in the sex shop and you have to press the nipple on the mannequin and when
 you press the nipple a special door opens and you can go in and see all of Houdini's
 tricks.
 Oh my god.
 That is so good.
 Would he be happy about that?
 Those tricks should never, they shouldn't exist really still should they because when Houdini
 died he gave them to his brother to Hardin and the stipulation was that once his brother
 had died that all of his stuff, all of his magical effects and physical things had to
 be burnt and destroyed so that's how that was meant to end.
 However Houdini sold a lot of it during his lifetime in the 40s to a guy who was a Houdini
 enthusiast called Sidney Hollis Radner and Radner then put it in a magical museum the
 Houdini Magical Hall of Fame at Niagara Falls.
 Now in 1995 a fire broke out in the museum and completely destroyed the museum however
 all of Houdini's stuff survived despite the whole building going down so it feels like
 it doesn't want to disappear, feels like it wants to continue on.
 Who really was escaping all that time?
 Was it Houdini or his equipment because he escaped a fire?
 Maybe he was a patsy to them.
 His tricks were quite interesting weren't they?
 Especially the escaping things.
 He escaped from piano boxes, from coffins, from ladders that he was locked to, from glass
 boxes.
 He once escaped from the belly of a whale.
 Is that living or dead?
 The whale?
 It was dead, the dead whale.
 Okay, still good.
 And when he was in Leeds he got into a big barrel of beer.
 You guys read about this one, it's pretty cool.
 It was the Tetley Brewery and they put him in a massive barrel of beer and said okay
 you have to escape but Houdini was teetotal and he became overcome by the alcohol and
 lost consciousness and had to be hauled out by his assistant.
 That is so good.
 Wow.
 He used to do that by the way, there was a level of PR about that where the beer keg in
 particular would be if it was a town that's centered around a beer industry he would use
 that as a way of promoting and appealing to everyone there.
 But if you're somewhere that doesn't do beer, let's say he's going to the home of Melton
 Mowberry pork pies.
 Does he have to escape from an enormous pie?
 You mean the home of Melton Mowberry pork pies?
 You mean Melton Mowberry?
 Yeah, exactly.
 I had a momentary loss of confidence thinking is that an actual town?
 But yeah, imagine that because actually the pastry case of a pork pie is technically known
 as a coffin, isn't it?
 So he is escaping from a coffin.
 And actually, what you do is you put him in the pie and you put the pie on a conveyor
 belt going towards a massive oven and if he can't escape the pie in time, he'll be cooked.
 He has a connection to the first ever episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 Can you guess what that is?
 Okay, what did we talk about?
 We talked about CERN and the - Yeah, Large Hadron Collider.
 Oh, we talked about the Philippa Langley finding Richard III under a car park.
 I cannot believe you guys have not mentioned the most obvious facts from episode one.
 We recorded the whole thing locked inside a cave with 17 catalogues on it, suspended
 above.
 Yep, that's what I'm talking about.
 That's right.
 Before Andy came here, we had an Andrew Hunter Flurry, an Andrew Hunter Mowry, an Andrew
 Hunter Flurry.
 Does he have something to do with President Garfield Anus?
 Yes, he does.
 Did he escape from President Garfield Anus?
 No, he did not.
 He never went in in the first place.
 He was obsessed with murderers, so he bought all this paraphernalia.
 He had this massive collection, and he was obsessed with John Wilkes Booth, who shot
 Lincoln, of course, and he was also obsessed with Charles Guto, the man who killed President
 Garfield.
 He bought all of these things to do with him, like his phrenological analysis.
 He was locked in Guto's death row cell and escaped, and that was one of the famous tricks.
 In the process, he freed all the other prisoners on the same death row as him, and apparently
 he freed them, and then he locked them up again in the wrong cells.
 I've one more thing about Houdini's habits at home, because he and his wife were extremely
 close, not as close as he was with his mother, which is another story for another time.
 When Houdini and his wife had an argument, he would leave, he'd walk around the block,
 and then he'd come back, and he would open the door of the room where his wife was and
 throw his hat into the room.
 If it was thrown out again, she was still angry, and I guess he would do it again.
 And if the hat remained in the room, she'd come down and they'd go in and resolve it.
 What if the argument was about him leaving his clothes hanging around the house all the
 time, like a lot of the arguments in my house are about?
 You keep throwing your things all over the floor.
 He was actually one of the things he was as famous for as his escaping, apparently, and
 this is according to the Wild About Houdini website, was his needle trick.
 And the East India needle trick involved him basically swallowing a whole load of needles
 and some thread, and then he'd vomit it all back up again, but the thread would be threaded
 perfectly through all the needles with a little knot before each one, very impressive, yada-yada-yada.
 But the weird thing about that is, talking of how close he was to his wife, she died
 in a place called Needles.
 Oh.
 Dun-dun-dun.
 Needles, California.
 Did he?
 That is the least spooky thing I've ever heard.
 It's like I spent days searching for a Houdini-based coincidence.
 That is the least impressive coincidence since Geoffrey the cat and that mongoose that time.
 I have one last Houdini imitator to mention.
 This Houdini impersonator was dubbed Harry Houdini, and it was an orangutan from Borneo
 who lived in San Diego Zoo and whose real name was Ken Allen.
 That was the name of the orangutan.
 His real name.
 Real name.
 Real name.
 Real name, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 His real name was something in orangutan language, probably.
 It's what the zoo called him.
 He was called Ken Allen.
 But Ken Allen was quite a famous orangutan, I think.
 Very famous.
 Yeah.
 And the fact that he was constantly successfully escaping from his enclosure and no one could
 work out why.
 So he got, given the name, Harry Houdini, and they eventually had to bring in mountaineer
 experts to look at the wall to see if it was the crags in the wall that he was somehow
 gripping onto to getting out.
 And it turns out that that's what it was in the end, and they had to spend $40,000 eliminating
 all the holes in the wall so that Ken Allen couldn't escape anymore.
 And yeah, Time Magazine listed it in 2011 as one of the top 11 zoo escapes of all time.
 And I refuse for this podcast to ever end until we cover the other 10.
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that when the gates at Surman Lena Prison in Finland are locked,
 it's to keep tourists out, not to keep prisoners in.
 This is his prison on an island just off Helsinki, just really near Helsinki.
 And it's an open prison, but I was reading an article in the New Statesman, an article
 written by Helen Lewis, a journalist who went and visited.
 And she wanted to go and check out the prison because it's quite famous.
 And they'd have to close the gates because tourists keep on wandering to the island,
 which is a tourist destination in its own right and trying to get in.
 So prisoners are allowed to wander out, people are not allowed to wander in, but it's an
 amazing place.
 Finland is one of these places that has lots of open prisons, so it's got 13 open prisons.
 I think about a third of their prisoners are in these prisons, and they can do things like
 they have like therapy horses, and they have saunas, they have their own little houses like
 huts that are sort of like hostels that they stay in with shared cooking facilities, nice
 little sitting room with a big widescreen TV.
 You can stay, you can go to the mainland if you want, stay with your family overnight
 if you ask for permission.
 It's a good sitch.
 And as a result, it has practically no recidivism.
 So it's really interesting because it seems like it's for people often nearing the end
 of sentences where they might have been in higher security prisons for the early part
 of their sentence.
 This is a way of slowly acclimatising them to life on the outside.
 So you're not just going straight from maximum big house, you know, 23 hours a day in a room
 to the open world again, because that's a really juddering change.
 I did read though that, and I'm quoting exactly here, attempts to escape are limited to a
 few dozen a year, which sounds like a lot to me.
 It does sound like a lot.
 That sounds like an enormous amount.
 I think there are only about 100 prisoners in there, that is a large percentage of them.
 In 2013, they had doubled the number of attempted prison escapes in any other country in the
 world.
 Wow.
 But the idea is why would you try and escape if you're getting towards the end of your
 time and you know that if you try and escape, then you're going to get put back in the
 big house again.
 Then that's the idea, right?
 That's why you would never, in theory, make sense that you would never try and escape.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Maybe it gets you more time, more jail time in that same place, because that sounds like
 a pretty cushy deal, sadly, I think you get sent back to one of the normal prisons
 if you try and get out.
 So it's not a good plan, but I mean, the conclusion of most people who look into it is that the
 disadvantages of the odd escapes, not too dangerous prisoner are outweighed by the advantages
 of the fact that places like Finland and Norway is another one like this have a recidivism
 rate of 20%.
 So only 20% of prisoners after like, I think it's 10 years, end up back in prison, whereas
 here 75% in the US is 83%.
 Wow.
 So it seems to be working.
 And also there's no challenge in an escape because you literally get given a key to your
 cell.
 Yes.
 The Harry Houdini of Finland is not very impressive at all, is he?
 Opens the door, wanders on to the ferry, saves loads of money as well.
 I don't know how our prisons, which are very kind of unpleasant situations, manage to be
 also so expensive, but I think it costs, whereas these ones are quite cheap.
 So cost the equivalent of 160 euros a day compared with 205 euros for a closed jail.
 I guess maybe those locks, those locks cost money.
 Yeah.
 It'll be tiny things, won't it?
 Remember that fact James told us about when they took a single olive out of the meals
 on airplanes that they saved?
 If you take a single bar out of a prison gate over the year, that actually leads to huge
 savings.
 We used to have rotating prisons, which I did not know.
 That sounds fun.
 Like a carousel.
 It's unbelievable.
 It's basically, there's a central pole and there's a cylinder of cells all the way around
 it.
 And if the warden turns a crank, I've no idea the mechanism that powers this, must have
 been pretty big.
 The prison rotates and you get locked away.
 You basically don't have a door to escape through once the prison has been rotated.
 Oh, that's clever.
 A bit like an escape room.
 It's exactly like an escape room.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There are only a couple left.
 It's an old squirrel cage and it's an Iowa and that was three stories tall.
 But that's not a functioning.
 That's now a sort of museum heritage thing, isn't it?
 There are no rotating prisons currently operating in America.
 Yeah.
 That would be too much like fun.
 Because they were really dangerous.
 The, it was too dangerous for the prisoners as well because let's, well, let's say a fire
 broke out in the prison or if the mechanism broke down and it took ages to fix, you would
 have people dehydrated, not being able to eat, not being able to escape.
 Yeah.
 Absolutely.
 So they eventually had to abandon it.
 I assumed you were saying that people got squished as the rotating happened.
 Well, they did.
 Like a revolving door.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, okay.
 Some, your hand could be caught as if it's suddenly, if you were putting your hand outside
 the bar and they suddenly very quickly rotated it, they were saying that hands would get
 lobbed off and and arms.
 What?
 Yeah.
 So it was, it was a very dangerous mechanism.
 Jesus.
 You just need a recording that you get at the theme parks, keep your hands and arms inside
 the vehicle slash prison cell at all times and they won't get lopped off.
 Wow.
 Boy.
 Well, that turned horrific very quickly.
 Another very dangerous prison that is also a kind of open prison is this extraordinary
 place, San Pedro prison in Bolivia.
 It's the largest prison in La Paz and it basically is its own town and but sort of not deliberately
 it's through corruption really.
 So the inmates all have jobs within the prison walls and the only way in which it's now a
 prison is that it's surrounded by guards who won't let you out, but the inmates all have
 these jobs.
 They rent accommodation.
 They live in there with their families quite often.
 They get their money mostly from working in the cocaine factory inside the prison and
 then they sell the cocaine to tourists to come and visit the prison and in the nineties,
 I don't know if any listeners were backpacking in the nineties, but apparently it was a backpacker
 hotspot.
 It was this unwritten rule that if you went to La Paz, the backpacker, you could get let
 into this prison and hang out in this really quite dangerous environment, just lapping
 up the local culture and the only reason they cracked down is because they used to offer
 tours around the prison and the government cracked down on this because they thought
 the police were big stalking the money from the illegal tours and they had politicians
 and stuff inside.
 They have elected leaders in the prison who apparently enforce the laws of the community,
 mainly by stabbing people.
 Wow.
 That's like only in the hand or something, you know, you steal an apple, you get stabbed
 in the hand because you can't just send someone to prison within a prison, I guess.
 No.
 No.
 It sounds like you're an advocate for this place, Anna.
 It does a little bit, especially when you said it's where you get the cocaine and then
 you're like, oh, and this is also the place where you lap up the local culture, which sounded
 like the most obvious euphemism for drug taking I'd ever heard in my life.
 You can lap it up, you can sniff up the local culture, rub the local culture into your gums
 if you want to.
 It's just, it's the backpacking experience.
 Oh, my word.
 You guys, of course, know Eamon de Valera, the hero of Irish politics, right?
 Sure, but why don't you just, for the listeners at home, why don't you quickly explain to
 them?
 Well, just Eamon de Valera, great hero of the Irish independence movement.
 He was locked up in, oh, I think it was about 1917 or 18, right?
 That's right.
 And the story, he escaped, right?
 But the story of how he escaped is absolutely insane.
 He was in for possibly conspiring with Germany.
 That was the charge.
 So he stole a key from the prison chaplain, impressive.
 He got some candles from the chapel and he pressed the key into the candles, right?
 So now he's got an impression of the key.
 But the problem is you need someone to make the key, you know, he didn't have the facility
 to do that.
 So metal to pour into the thing, right?
 Exactly.
 So what they did was, he and a couple of, I think, fellow prisoners, they sent the IRA
 a Christmas card on which they had got someone to draw a cartoon of a drunk man holding a
 big key.
 And the key that they drew on the card was an exact copy of the impression he had taken
 from the chaplain's key, right?
 So basically it was a code saying make a key that looks like this and it'll get me out.
 The guards didn't notice.
 They made the key to the dimensions on the card.
 They sent it inside a cake, genuinely inside a cake.
 Christmas cake.
 Probably.
 Probably.
 It got through.
 It didn't fit the lock.
 They made it too small.
 As soon as he got out of the cake, he thought, oh, this doesn't fit.
 Did they make it the size of the drawing on the card?
 Well, they had to do it again.
 They had to send another amusing cartoon this time with a kind of Celtic symbol in the middle
 of which was a key.
 I was going to say, did they have to wait till next Christmas or did they do it like
 maybe as a Valentine's card or an Epiphany card?
 They were like, oh, in Ireland, this is a thing we do every year.
 So then basically they sent the second cartoon.
 They sent it back another key.
 That also did not work.
 So this time it was too big.
 The Goldilocks.
 The Goldilocks key is coming up.
 Very nice.
 Eventually they just sent a third cake to the prison and inside that cake was just a blank
 key and a set of files saying, "Make your own bloody key" and it worked.
 Just one weird thing on prison, like living within a prison, is that women don't have
 to wear prison issue clothing in British jails and men do.
 And that's been the case since 1971 and it's because research finds that people had
 heard of the rules better if they're not actually wearing uniform.
 And I think the idea is that it sort of humanises you and it's like, I'm more willing to obey
 the rules.
 In America, famously quite strict penal system, the inmates often do have to wear orange.
 Or in fact, when oranges, the new black came out, some prisons stopped their female inmates
 from wearing orange and made them go back to stripes because orange had become cool.
 Really?
 Not allowed to be cool.
 There is, in Norway as well, at the Bastøy rehabilitation centre, I don't know if it's
 the pronunciation of that, it's got an O with a line through it.
 Bastøy.
 I think it is.
 Bastøy.
 They have a similar thing where the guards don't wear uniforms and they don't wear uniforms
 because they say they don't want to create sort of unnecessary division between them and
 the prisoners there, who they don't call prisoners, they call residents, because it just feels
 more friendly.
 It feels like a cool dad, really, in that prison, just trying a bit too hard.
 Speaking of words that begin with B-A-S-T, as we just learned, that your Bastøy place
 or whatever it was.
 Segway incoming.
 The place in Finland, which is called Suomenlinna, is it, Anna?
 Suomenlinna.
 Yeah, Suomenlinna.
 That is, like you said, a famous tourist attraction and it's because it's a bastion
 fort.
 It's a bastion fort.
 You guys might have seen these.
 It's where you have a fortress, but instead of being a normal castle, it's in a star
 shape.
 Have you ever seen those?
 You get them around Europe, don't you?
 Do you know why you have star-shaped castles or why you used to have star-shaped castles?
 Is it something defensive?
 Is it to confuse aeroplanes because they'll look at the castle and think that that's up
 because it's a star, so they'll fly in the opposite direction?
 Brilliant.
 Brilliant.
 That's such a good idea.
 Oh, my God, that's so genius, but no, it was a time before playing some PogChalli.
 OK.
 But Andy was pretty much there.
 So basically, it was in a time of cannonballs.
 And if you fire a cannonball at a normal castle, it's going to hit the wall and it might make
 some damage.
 But if you fire the cannonball at a surface which is not straight on, which is not perpendicular,
 it's actually slightly slanted, then the cannonball might just kind of hit the edge of it and skid
 off the side of it.
 And so the idea was to make these star-shaped forts where if anyone was firing cannons at
 you, then it wouldn't initially do as much damage.
 So that's why they have it.
 So clever.
 So clever.
 Is that a thing called, I want to say a ravelin, or it might be connected to a ravelin?
 I think it is that, yeah.
 I remember reading that word while I was reading this fact, but yeah.
 Because I went to one of them in Kronborg when we were all on tour in Denmark.
 Oh, yeah.
 Kronborg, which is the setting for Hamlet.
 Oh, yeah.
 And they have got these star-shaped fortifications outside and it makes it, yeah, as James said.
 And that's a ravelin, useless as for a javelin at a ravelin, right?
 Yeah.
 That's the same.
 That's the catchphrase.
 They got that painted above the gates.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that one of Hawaii's biggest annual festivals is devoted entirely
 to spam.
 That's spam the food.
 So when they invite you to the spam festival, do they send you 5,000 emails telling you
 it's on every year?
 Extend your penis at the Hawaii Spam Festival.
 Yeah, I love this fact.
 It was given to me in a conversation I had with a mutual friend of ours, Jason Haseley.
 We were chatting about it and he said, by the way, did you know that they have the Waikiki
 Spam Jam, which is this annual spam festival that takes place in Hawaii.
 And it is a massively popular festival there.
 35,000 people attend according to their website.
 They have live bands playing.
 They have merch.
 You can get spam t-shirts, shorts, slippers.
 They have craft boots.
 Can I just check?
 Sorry, the t-shirt, shorts, and slippers, they're not all made of spam, are they?
 No, they just feature a picture of spam, I'm guessing.
 Right, because that would be absolutely disgusting and not survive a wash.
 I've got to say, Dan, when you sent round this fact, I thought that it was a massive
 exaggeration and I've been to Hawaii and they have lots of festivals all the time.
 And I was like, there's no way that the spam one is one of the biggest, which is what you
 say, but it so is.
 It's absolutely huge.
 Yeah, and they are obsessed.
 Hawaii is obsessed with spam and they have spam in places that I've never heard of or
 dreamt of thinking they would appear.
 Okay, I need to get into personal details.
 Well, okay, maybe I'll dig that up too much, but you know, McDonald's has spam burgers
 and so does Burger King.
 They have a spam burger and yeah, you can get them in all the local dishes.
 Everything spam is just integrated all over Hawaii.
 I think the most common way in Hawaii that it's served is quite nice because it's a
 sushi spam and that's kind of a nod to they've got a big Japanese population actually.
 And also, I think it's quite nice because Hawaii obviously has quite a difficult history
 with Japan and now they serve spam sushi and it's spam on top of sushi rice wrapped in
 seaweed and it's called Spam Musubi and that's where you'll usually sit.
 I think the reason that spam is so popular not just in Hawaii but also throughout the
 whole of the Pacific is due to the war, isn't it?
 It's due to the Second World War because basically the Japanese soldiers took over a lot of these
 islands and the people, whenever they grew food, they had to give it to the Japanese soldiers
 and they were forced to do all this stuff.
 And then when the Americans came and sort of liberated them, they didn't have any food.
 They were just kind of searching for any kind of food they could eat but the American soldiers
 had tons of this stuff like they had spam coming out of their ears, the American soldiers
 during the Second World War, so they gave it to the locals and that's where the kind
 of love of spam came from.
 Yeah, I listened to a podcast all about spam which was great.
 It's actually the Business Insider podcast.
 It's called Brought to You By and it's about the kind of the stories behind big old brands.
 And anyway, it was like places that have had a US military presence around that time because
 spam was just kind of taking off and places that have rice-based dishes because apparently
 it goes very well with rice and then places with very hot climates because it's canned
 and so it's like a canned meat that you don't even need to put in the fridge.
 So it's like Korea, Guam, the Philippines, it's massive.
 The founder was a man called Hormel and the firm that still makes it is called Hormel.
 So his son took over the family firm J. Hormel and he was interviewed by the New Yorker in
 1945 just as the war was ending and he said that there was a file called the Scurrilous
 File which contained hundreds of letters of abuse sent to him by soldiers all over the
 world saying, "I have to eat this spam and it's disgusting," right?
 And he said in this interview, "Maybe the verb 'to spam' will come out of this war.
 Something would surprise me anymore," i.e. he was saying that sending random letters
 or communications to someone who hasn't asked for it is to spam.
 Now that is not where the word spam as a verb for email comes from, but it is an earlier
 link between the two concepts.
 Isn't that weird?
 That's so good.
 That is so good.
 We should say what the sort of received acknowledged fact of where it comes from is which is it
 was a Monty Python sketch where Terry Jones was running a restaurant where the only thing
 that you could have was spam and would you like spam, spam, spam, it was always different.
 And that's where the people who gave it its name took it from that.
 But I think you're right, Andy.
 I think that's more of a direct...
 Is that weird?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Be cool.
 Monty Python's sort of ruined spam for a while.
 For a while, Hallwell was really angry about it.
 Just getting popular again.
 I think people hated it in the Second World War and then they started to enjoy it in the
 '40s and '50s.
 There were these spam girls, weren't there, these Hallwell girls who the company employed
 and they were a band.
 They were this musical group and they were worried because after World War II, 90% of
 sales had been to the army and they thought, oh my God, we're going to stop selling it.
 And so the Hallwell girls traveled around the U.S. in 35 white Chevy's doing sort of
 singing, dancing, parades.
 They had their own radio show and sales shot up.
 They made spam cool.
 They were known as the Spamettes, sometimes this band.
 Nice.
 And they were all dressed in like soldiers, not soldiers uniform, but like soldiers band
 uniform, weren't they?
 And it was kind of to remind you of the wartime effort, really.
 Yeah.
 But then also, Hallwell sold chili con carne.
 So he saw this thing with the Hallwell girls, working so well in America.
 So he thought, okay, I'm going to try and do it with chili con carne.
 So he created a mariachi band, which went round Mexico, trying to sell Hallwell chili
 con carne.
 How did that go?
 It sounds like it was less successful.
 It was less successful.
 Hormel's grandson was also in the arts.
 He still is.
 He's a guitarist and we all will have heard his work.
 He's called Smoky Hormel and Smoky is his birth name.
 That's not a nickname.
 He was called Smoky.
 It sounds like the company was too used to naming hams by that point.
 And he's a he's a guitarist.
 He plays blues and country, but he also appears on albums by Adele and by Beck and by, yeah,
 Mick Jagger.
 And he's the main guitarist on what was Johnny Cash's big final major hit, Hurt, the Nine
 Itch Nails cover, Kid Rock, Joe Strummer, I mean, he's done them all.
 Hormel have a new innovation.
 They've got a thing that they've just announced this October.
 It's bacon scented face masks in a very 2020 story.
 They say it has...
 Is that to wear when you're asleep?
 No, it's to wear when you're going out and about and you want to smell bacon constantly.
 Not like a face mask that covers your eyes.
 Not a sleep mask.
 I mean, a COVID face mask.
 You've been going around in these COVID times just wearing a sleep mask.
 It's terrible.
 I keep walking into people.
 How are you supposed to keep two meters away from people when you can't even see them?
 Because I was thinking like a sleep mask that smells of bacon is completely pointless because
 the smell of bacon famously wakes you up, doesn't it?
 Oh, no, this is a this is a thing that they claim it has, and I'm quoting here, the latest
 in pork scented technology.
 I don't know what the last thing in pork scented technology was, but it says keep the delicious
 smell of bacon always wrapped around your nose.
 Not sure.
 You can get a Spamurita along a similar vein, which is a Spam flavoured cocktail and Soho
 here in this very capital.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Get it a Jinju Korean restaurant in Soho and it's made of tequila, mezcal, agave nectar,
 pineapple and fresh lime.
 Sounds absolutely delicious until you add the Spam.
 One more member of the Hormel family, which we'll talk about a few minutes ago, is James
 Hormel, and he is the main donor of the Hormel Center of San Francisco Public Library, which
 collects all the importance of LGBTQ books from the last 20, 30, 40 years of American
 history.
 And he also was the first openly gay man to represent the U.S. as an ambassador.
 So this was under Clinton's administration, and they needed a new ambassador for Luxembourg,
 and they chose this guy.
 James Hormel obviously done a lot of philanthropy and stuff, and so he's a really good person
 to have to do this, but the Republicans were just not having it.
 They were like, we cannot have an openly gay man representing the United States as an ambassador.
 So there's a massive, massive argument.
 And to support their argument, the Republicans went to the Hormel Library and then looked
 through all of their history and then found a load of what they regarded as very pornographic
 things.
 And they said, look, this man supports pornography.
 He shouldn't be representing the United States.
 And it got really, really high up this argument until it was pointed out that all of the works
 that they pointed out were in his library, were also in the Library of Congress.
 And then he became--
 In your face.
 Yeah.
 Spam on your face.
 Have you heard of Mark Benson?
 No.
 Andy, you don't mean Mark Benson, do you?
 I do.
 Give it his full name.
 Mark, I love spam, Benson.
 And we're going from one grateful anthropist to another here out there.
 Absolutely.
 Absolutely.
 And what links them, a single can of spam?
 This is a spam lover called Mark Benson.
 He's from the UK.
 And in 2017, he and his wife went to the festival in T-shirt saying, "Mr and Mrs, I love spam
 Benson."
 So his wife's on it too.
 And he has changed his name.
 So this is the Hawaiian festival they went to.
 Yeah.
 Yes, they did.
 Wow.
 And not only that, and not only has he legally changed his middle name to I Love Spam.
 But they went--
 I think if Mark Benson really likes spam, he changes first name to I Love Spam.
 Actually, I think you can hide your middle name, can't you?
 That's a good point.
 I mean, he does have a T-shirt saying his name.
 He's not gone very far to hide it.
 But they went to Hawaii after they went to the Spam Museum, which is-- where's that?
 Is it Minnesota?
 It's at the headquarters.
 They call it the--
 Yes.
 They call it the Guggenham.
 Very clever.
 But they went to the museum and they got married there.
 They got married at the Spam Museum.
 Spam's brand manager got themselves ordained in order to officiate at this wedding.
 So--
 So good.
 It's the most spam-themed wedding ever.
 So good.
 You are now spam in life.
 What on earth?
 He said, you know why he said he changed-- he loves Spam so much, or he said he changed
 his name as a tribute to Spam to his grandpa who worked in the Spam factory in Liverpool
 and to the war effort.
 OK.
 Quite right.
 It's one way to remember the war, I think.
 That museum that's-- oh, go on, Andy.
 You about to say something.
 Well, they've got some lovely children as well.
 So we know at least they didn't need a Spam donor.
 OK.
 I'm glad I let you talk there.
 That museum is in Austin in Minnesota and it sounds quite interesting.
 They have volunteer guides that are known as Spambaciders and they walk around the Spam
 Museum with little bits of Spam on toothpicks, which they call Spumples.
 Oh, my gosh.
 Did you guys hear about the 1990s Spam carving contest in Seattle?
 No.
 This was amazing.
 It ran for 10 years before being shut down, or maybe people lost interest, I don't know.
 But you were given two cans of Spam, one plastic knife and 15 minutes, right?
 You were allowed to bring your own extra tools if you wanted to, but power tools and chainsaws
 were explicitly banned by your--
 Sorry.
 Two cans of Spam and you might want to use power tools.
 Well, you're absolutely right.
 You would have gone on very well with the organizers, James, because they said that's overkill.
 Well, sometimes it's hard to open those tins, isn't it?
 So you might need a sort of pneumatic drill to get in there.
 I think they're ringpools, aren't they?
 They are ringpools.
 They are ringpools.
 Yeah.
 I'm looking at them upside down.
 But there were so many good sounding winners.
 In 1994, the winner was Nude Descending a Staircase.
 So I'm going to carve that in Spam in a quarter of an hour.
 Are you sure that wasn't just a description of the person who'd won?
 I've not done a very good sculpture, but I am Nude and I am walking down the staircase.
 Other winners included Jurassic Pork, Spamhenge, very good, and my favorite, a model of singer
 Spammy Winnet singing Spam by Your Man.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can all be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shriberland, James, @JamesHarken, Andy, @AndrewHunterM, and Anna.
 You can email podcast@qi.com.
 Yep.
 Well, you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing, or our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Bits of merchandise are up there as well.
 Go check it out.
 Anyway, we'll be back again next week.
 We'll see you then with another episode.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
