 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish!
 Andrew Hunter Murray is off on his hollybops, sailing the seven seas, looking for new unbeknownst
 species of moss and while he is away, we have got a guest for you and that guest is none
 other than Anne Miller.
 Of course you know Anne, she's one of the QIL, she's a really good friend of ours and
 it's great to have her back.
 One thing you really need to know about Anne especially in these weeks upcoming to Christmas
 is that she is also a published author, she has written a series of children's books,
 they are known as Mickey and the Animal Spies, they're known as that because that is their
 name and they're absolutely brilliant, my daughter absolutely loves looking at the pictures
 and I'm sure when she gets to the right age she will enjoy reading them as well.
 While we're on the subject of books, of course it would be remiss of me not to mention our
 book, Mine and Anna's new book, Everything to Play for the QI Book of Sport, definitely
 buy that for your loved ones for Christmas, anyone who likes sport, definitely buy it
 for them.
 If you don't like sport but you like what we do, I promise you'll love this book because
 it's full of loads of interesting human stories, drama, it's the ultimate sports book for people
 who don't really like sports and also people who do like sports will like it as well.
 It's for everyone, that's the great thing about our book but then that also has to be
 true of Andy and Dan's books, you definitely should go and get those as well.
 Dan's book is called The Theory of Everything Else, it's a brilliant look into his brain,
 his unique brain let's say but he's looked at the history of people who had done otherwise
 great things but deep down they had a dark secret of believing some weird shit and speaking
 of weird shit you should also have a look at Andy's books, Andrew Hunter Murray he has
 two books they're called The Sanctuary and The Last Day, they're both brilliant acerbic
 dystopian books that tell you something about the modern day while thrilling you with an
 incredible story about the future, they're absolutely amazing, you've got to get those
 as well.
 Basically what I'm saying is who doesn't love a book for Christmas and there's a ton
 of them made by your favourite QILs that are all available online and mine and as Dan's
 and Andy's you can find at noteswiththingsafish.com/books.
 One more very very important thing I need to say before I leave you in peace to listen
 to the podcast is that we do have a couple of live shows coming up just before Christmas,
 they will take place in London on Thursday the 7th of Friday the 8th of December at the
 Soho Theatre, now we've already mentioned this to the clubfish members and I think it's
 been on social media so the truth is there are not many tickets left.
 If you do want to come and see this show, literally pause now and go to noteswiththingsafish.com/live,
 click on the link and check if there are any tickets left, you never know sometimes extra
 tickets do come up closer to the date so do go and check there anyway and hopefully see
 some of you there for our Christmas shows.
 Anyway thank you so much for getting to the end of this without fast forwarding, if you
 have fast forwarded and got to here without hearing the last bit, shame on you.
 But anyway it's time for our podcast with Anmela so there is nothing more to say apart
 from on with the podcast!
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hoburn.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, James Harkin and Ann
 Miller and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go!
 Starting with fact number one and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that a list of adorable things written over a thousand years ago includes
 chicks who look like their clothes are too big for them and faces drawn on melons.
 Can I ask for definitions of chicks and melons because I live in the 1990s.
 Right, both chicks and melons mean what they've meant in every decade outside of the 1990s.
 I'm afraid, baby chickens and fruit.
 People are writing about adorable things a thousand years ago, that's weird.
 I actually heard this reference on radio for this week so I'm sure there are people who
 also heard it mentioned it.
 It's the pillow book which is this extraordinary book written by a woman in Japan in the tenth
 century and the Haiyan period and that's why we chose this.
 God, it took me a long time to find a Haiyan period.
 Anyway, this woman basically wrote a diary of just random stuff that popped into her
 head of lists and observations and things she thought should happen and shouldn't happen
 and things people should wear and shouldn't wear and one of them was his list of really
 cute things and one of them was faces drawn on melons, one of them was chicks who look
 like their clothes are too big which I think is like if you see a chick but its feathers
 look like they're a bit swollen, you know they look like they look like you dress them
 up in human clothes.
 That's what I thought.
 That's cute.
 That would be even cuter.
 From what I could tell from interpretations of it, I think they're just talking about
 chicks who look like they don't fit into their clothes yet.
 Right.
 They're too small.
 That's slightly less cute than like a hat and dungarees.
 Well, take it up with, say, Shonagun, the author of this book, maybe she hadn't thought
 of that.
 The good thing about this book is, and I'm sure you all found this reading it, it's
 just like someone is writing today, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 It's just like this cute thing.
 So one is a young palace page, obviously that's not the thing anymore, but a young
 palace page who is still quite small and walks by in ceremonial costume and that's just
 like if you go to a wedding and you see a little toddler, a page boy in a suit.
 Yeah.
 It's true.
 But it's not all happy stuff, is it?
 There's so many great pissed off lists, things like things that are unpleasant to hear, someone
 who has an ugly voice yet speaks and laughs without restraint, so she has a list for that.
 She has a list for things that give a pathetic impression.
 The voice of someone who blows his nose while he is speaking, the impression of a woman
 plucking her eyebrows, it's all so odd.
 My favourite random one in there is the list of extremely frightening things, do you guys
 know?
 No, I didn't see that.
 It's thunder, yeah, fair enough, and I just enjoy this one, extremely frightening thing,
 when a thief has entered the house next door, one is extremely frightened.
 If he breaks into the house where one is actually living, if he breaks into the house where one
 is actually living, one loses consciousness and knows nothing more, which is true.
 That's true.
 So I think some of these, they sound like stand up routines.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It's like, I've found one which is things that are infuriating, which sounds like it's
 like a Josh Whittacum routine, it says, "This is what's infuriating.
 Someone suddenly falls ill and an exorcist is sent for.
 They don't find him in the usual place and a tedious amount of time is spent waiting
 while they go around in search of him.
 Finally, they manage to locate him and with great relief, you see him to performing the
 exorcism rites.
 However, the recent exertions of exercising some other possessive spirit seems to have
 worn him out.
 For no sooner does he sit down and start in on the chanting than his spirit seems to
 have worn him out, his voice goes drowsy, and that is utterly infuriating."
 I think.
 It's so relatable, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 My note for Josh may be broad, isn't it?
 A tiny bit.
 I like the idea this is a, "Hey, what about airplane food?"
 It clearly is.
 There's a list.
 Rare things.
 A silver tweezer that is good at plucking out the hair.
 This is today.
 It is.
 You can't get tweezers that pluck out hairs well.
 How have they not designed this in the last thousand years?
 It's basically shots of miscellany, isn't it?
 Because it is list, but it's also essays sometimes, or diaries, yeah, diary entries, observations.
 So this is, just to put it into the period, I know everyone probably knows the years of
 the high Anne period, but we're talking the year 1000 is what's going on here.
 And at the time that she was writing this book, Beowulf was being written also, just
 to put in context the other great pieces of literature.
 Not nearly as relatable, Beowulf.
 No.
 No, that's true.
 I haven't actually read it, so I...
 Well, the first word in it, we still don't know what it means.
 Really?
 I think so.
 Wow.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Do you say the word?
 Do you know it?
 It's like, "What?"
 Yeah.
 And she was, so she was working in the court of the empress at the time.
 She was like a lady-in-waiting who was always there, and she basically wrote this book because
 she just had a lot of spare time with nothing to do.
 So she never intended it for publication.
 It was just a personal book that she was writing.
 We don't even properly know her name.
 So she's called, say, Seanagun, but that's, Seanagun is the title that you're given.
 It's a minor counselor.
 And "say" is the name that was added later, which refers to her father's name, so you
 can distinguish her from the other Seanaguns who were in part of the court.
 So do we think it could be Josh Whittacum gone back in time to the Haiyan period?
 It's possible.
 Say Seanagun.
 Does that sound like a Japanese version of Josh Whittacum?
 Yeah.
 That's what I was thinking.
 The word "haiyan" means "peace" in Japanese, because it was particularly, it was quite
 long period, and it was a time where there wasn't much war going on, so people had time
 to write these stand-up routines.
 That's why she was so bored.
 I reckon she craved a war.
 Do we think she was a bit of a bitch?
 Was she?
 What?
 Well, I mean, just from what she writes.
 I mean, like, adorable things.
 Give us some examples.
 I mean, the...
 Pretty much, list your reading.
 Yeah, you're right.
 I think she had mean qualities.
 In fact, there was a story about her where one of her neighbor's houses burned down and
 they lost everything they owned.
 The fire in the house next door is the most scary thing.
 That guy wasn't in her house.
 Well, I don't know how scary she was finding it, because basically she wrote a kind of
 little note mocking this person.
 Right.
 He's lost everything.
 He's standing outside his house, you know, naked, and gives it to her mum and says, "Hey,
 go give this note, taking the piss out of this guy to him."
 Okay.
 She had what was effectively a lot of people claim was a rival.
 I don't think we fully know that, but it is someone who is friend of the podcast, Murasaki
 Chikibu, who wrote, and we mentioned in episode 63 of Fish, The Tale of Genji.
 The Tale of Genji.
 Yeah, the first ever novel, which finished mid-sentence, right, like it just cuts off.
 What happened was is that Sei Shonagun was working for this empress, and at the time
 it was one emperor, one empress, that's how it worked, but they bucked the trend with
 this one, and suddenly she was no longer the exclusive empress.
 So he got married again, and the lady-in-waiting who became the lady-in-waiting for the next
 lady was this person, The Tale of Genji.
 No way.
 Yeah.
 So that's why they were kind of like in rival land, according to certain historians.
 So that book, The Tale of Genji by Murasaki, has a word, kawayushi, which is the word which
 turned into the modern-day word, kawaii, which means cute in Japanese.
 And this idea of, you know, lots of cute animals, and, you know, Hello Kitty and all that kind
 of stuff.
 This is kind of a 20th century thing that we're not sure exactly, there's lots of reasons
 why it might have come about, but possibly a reaction to the war, to the bombs, stuff
 like that.
 People wanted to go from the horrors of war to cuteness, but definitely seems to have
 become popular when mechanical pencils came out.
 So you know those pencils that kind of, you know, you twist them and the blood comes out.
 Twist them?
 Do you not click them?
 Or the one where you take the little one out and put it in the top?
 Do you remember them from Proud Boys' Girl?
 There's so many different ones.
 Hang on, you have to, there's a little pocket containing this.
 Inside the, where like the leg would go, there were like tiny little things and you pop one
 out of the bottom and pop it in the top to save you from opening your pencil.
 I hated them all because they write so horribly, so...
 Well, they were very popular in 1970s Japan, where you would not have fit in.
 Because they could write very, very thin lines and it inspired a kind of writing among teenage
 girls where they would put like lots of little hearts and little, you know, characters and
 stuff in their writing and it was so popular and it made the writing so difficult to read
 that it was banned in loads of schools.
 Right.
 Basically, you weren't allowed to write in this kawai style, but by then the trend had
 already taken off.
 I guess once you've started doing it, it sort of becomes your hand, like there were some
 people who would do like proper circles over their eye or like little hearts.
 And I was like, "Why?
 It takes a little bit longer!"
 I was just going to ask, "And were you a heart to blow the eye?"
 I barely dot my eyes!
 Your eyes are just a line.
 You don't have time for that dot.
 And but it's not...
 I was reading a sort of paper on it saying it's not as cutesy as maybe our version of
 cute, like it's got a bit of an edge, so...
 The kawaii cute.
 The kawaii cute, yeah.
 The Japanese cute, which you can kind of see, there's sometimes a bit of a dark edginess
 to it.
 There's a character called Gloomy the Naughty Grizzly, who I hadn't come across, but apparently
 that's a big cultural phenomenon.
 And he's a two meter tall, like cuddly bear, but he's very violent.
 He's covered in blood quite a lot of the time.
 He attacks his owner quite a lot.
 And that's kawaii in Japan, but not necessarily something we would say was cute.
 I think that's like Kimo kawaii, so it's like grotesque and cute at the same time.
 I think that's what they call it.
 And yeah, obviously they have loads of mascots, don't they, in Japan.
 In 2015, the governor of Osaka complained that he couldn't recognise most of his prefectures
 mascots.
 They had 92 of them.
 Wow.
 In Osaka alone.
 And he ordered a cull.
 And 20 of his characters were - oh, wow.
 Murdered by the grizzly bear.
 Public executions, I hope.
 He made a list, like, 20 mascots that really annoy me, and then I - yeah.
 It's amazing how successful it was, though.
 You know how, when governments try to be cool, you know, like David Cameron saying he sports
 Aston Villa or whatever, and it's just massive cringe.
 But the Japanese government, basically in the '90s, did, like, cool Japan, which was
 a bit like we had cool Britannia here, and cool Japan was the idea of exporting all this
 Japanese cultural stuff.
 And they don't know how they did it, but they nailed it, because it's so popular now, isn't
 it?
 You get people who are really into manga, really into those styles.
 Hello Kitty is a global phenomenon.
 Hello Kitty.
 Well, like in the cool Britannia was like Blair versus Oasis, and do you think in Japan
 now kids are listening to what's a starry morning glory?
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's still Blair and Oasis.
 Is it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's not resolved.
 Yeah.
 Hang on, but are Blair and Oasis popular there?
 I think it's now.
 It's not by saying that.
 Not anymore.
 Damn, it'd be great if they were, because that would be my cultural homeland.
 That's when I stopped learning about pop music, was it about 1998?
 Yeah, wouldn't it be great if there was, like, a little museum somewhere where you could
 go, and they're still listening to all your kind of, it's called, smoother fans.
 Blair Oasis.
 Oh, God.
 Cuteness is a funny thing, isn't it?
 And we are the cutest of the primates.
 So that's nice for us.
 Officials.
 We're self-proclaimed.
 Officials.
 I guess it is self-proclaimed, because we're the only ones who can write about it.
 We're any of the bonobos allowed to vote in this?
 Screw you, gorillas.
 You can't read.
 You can't define what's cute.
 You know, what's kind of defined as cute is the traits that are common in infants.
 And that is, it was actually defined by this guy called Conrad Lorenz, who won a Nobel
 Prize.
 It's called the Kinder Schema, and it's a large brain capsule, as he puts it, big forehead,
 I think we'll call it.
 Large and low-lying eyes, bulging cheeks, short and thick extremities, a springy elastic
 consistency and clumsy movements, which is, like, the ugliest way to describe what is
 actually a really cute image.
 Oh, yeah, image.
 Oh, wasn't there, there was a thing I read a while ago about, about animals who found
 those cute, like an elephant, like caressing people, and they think, like, oh, you're just
 so cute and small.
 It was really lovely.
 I don't know if I want to be caressed by an elephant, you know, of all the animals that
 could caress me.
 It may not.
 I think there's an elephant.
 I feel like I have a trunk involved.
 That sounds likely.
 They're quite empathetic elephants, aren't they?
 One of the scariest things is an elephant caressing next door's baby.
 Absolutely terrifying.
 There was a study done in 2009, and this was, they gave people a load of cute images, and
 then they asked them to play the game Operation.
 So you know where you have, like, a plastic body, and you have to pull out the funny bone
 and stuff so that it doesn't buzz.
 Well it turned out that anyone who'd been exposed to high cuteness stimuli was better
 at Operation.
 Ah.
 So first of all, a tip for Christmas, if you go home and someone's got Operation, have
 a quick look at some kawaii stuff before you play, and it'll help.
 But secondly, it's due to extreme carefulness, and the idea is you've seen lots of cute things,
 you want to look after them almost, and you want to be more careful.
 Right.
 But don't look at the bloodied bear, because that might give you the impression that blood
 all over your Operation human is going to be...
 Adorable.
 Adorable.
 You heard, like, 4D operation as a kid, damn, that'd be all blood.
 Are you guys in use of all blood?
 Oh my God.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Anne.
 My fact is that the Viperfish has teeth that are so long it can't close its mouth properly
 or it would impale its own brain.
 Hmm.
 I bet there are a few that have, though.
 Yeah, the idiot kids, the Darwin-award Viperfish.
 Exactly.
 But so have they sort of evolved, like, the equivalent of a doorstopper?
 They have.
 So basically, they're very, like, very long and silver, and they've got these lighty-up
 spots along the bottom of their stomach, and then they have these huge teeth that kind
 of pierce upwards from their jaw, and luckily it doesn't impede their hunting, because to
 hunt it basically just swims around with its mouth open until it finds prey.
 It can unhinge its jaw and rotate its skull, so when it finds prey it just basically swims
 straight at it, and then it clamps its teeth shut like a cage and holds them in its mouth
 and then eats them.
 Hmm.
 It can close its mouth, so...
 The teeth are coming out, so it's like making a seal, so they're kind of like having a very
 extreme overbite.
 Yeah, because I know there's another fish called the common fangtooth, which, as its
 name might suggest, has fangy teeth, and what they have is they have special sockets on
 either side of their brain so that when they close their mouth, their teeth go into those
 sockets.
 Well, that is nice.
 Isn't that amazing?
 Yeah.
 It's so precise with the pockets.
 I think, like, if you got punched in the jaw and that was slightly dislocated, the first
 time you tried to shut your mouth, it would then miss the holes and pierce you in the
 brain.
 That would be...
 That's why there's no boxing in the fangtooth community.
 I think that's correct.
 Yeah.
 But Biprofish is really cool, so as well as being able to get its prey in this cage, it
 can expand its stomach, so it can swallow prey that's 50% bigger than itself.
 Oh, wow.
 Which is so cool.
 That's amazing.
 So I just think whenever you say, "Oh, I can eat my own body size of this," he can.
 Yeah.
 Very unsuttle, though, if you're invited to a dinner party, and you know sometimes you
 have a meal before you go and you just fake it and say, "No, no, no, no, no, yeah, yeah,
 it's not a big deal."
 It's not a big deal.
 You actually really feel, can't hide that.
 You've got 50% more body weight coming through the door.
 Goldfish.
 Oh, yeah.
 Have teeth.
 Can't believe it.
 How do you think they eat?
 I just thought they swallowed things that didn't need chewing.
 Well, they eat like little fishy flakes.
 They're not.
 Yeah, I thought it was like...
 They kind of dissolve in the water.
 Yeah, if you open their mouth, you can't see it, but the teeth are at the back of the
 throat.
 They just have a set of teeth that do all the old crunching.
 Yeah, right at the back.
 Yeah, that'll often happen, and I always think, "How does that do contract your throat as
 a fish?"
 Because lots of fish have it, don't they?
 There's teeth in the throat thing.
 Yeah.
 It seems like it'd be very uncomfortable.
 But what's really cool is if you have goldfish at home right now, go and have a look in your
 little aquarium that you have.
 Look at the bottom, because what they'll do is they often lose teeth and they grow new
 ones, and so either you can catch your goldfish in the act of literally spitting its tooth
 out, or look at the bottom, there'll be little teeth.
 You should say how often they do, because I worry that someone's going to sit in front
 of their goldfish tank staring at it for days on end, waiting.
 Every seven minutes.
 If you have a pet Pacific Link card, then you might be able to do that, because they
 gain and lose, on average, 20 teeth every day.
 What?
 Yeah, so every day, 20 of the teeth fall out, and 20 new ones grow in the place.
 Amazing.
 They are also probably too big for your fish tank, aren't they?
 I think they're about five feet long.
 Oh, they are.
 They're obviously on the size of your fish tank.
 They could fit in my pond, if they kind of sped themselves in half.
 Have you seen the really horrible sheep's head fish?
 If you haven't seen it, google it, but it is pretty gross.
 Wow.
 Basically you've got just human teeth, it's like a big gummy smile, it's very unpleasant.
 And it's not nice human teeth, it's sort of like someone who hasn't cleaned their teeth
 for 20 years.
 It's really disconcerting when you see a fish that doesn't have the face of a fish.
 If anyone, I don't know if it's still there, I don't know the lifespan, but about seven
 years ago, I was in a restaurant in Bow Road, in a Chinese restaurant, they had an aquarium,
 and there was a fish there with a face of a dog.
 It just had a dog's head.
 It was the weirdest thing.
 Is this one of those restaurants where you go in and you choose the fish, you want them
 to cook?
 Because I reckon if it is, it probably is still there.
 I'll have the dog face, please.
 To be fair, it is possible that maybe a dog was looking through the other side of the
 tank.
 Was it a fellow diner's pet?
 You can see fish that have human looking teeth as well.
 What's it called?
 The Paku?
 Paku.
 You mean as well as the one that Anne's mentioned.
 Oh, is that the Paku one?
 Mine's a sheep's head fish.
 It's called Sheep's Head, but that might be their official name.
 There are more fish than you would think with human looking teeth, but the one that scared
 me the most, I didn't know dogs could have teeth on their beaks.
 You see the Goosander dog?
 Not only that, he lives in the UK, they're everywhere, and they're terrified of this
 dog.
 That would be a great animated cartoon for Loosanders to do.
 You've got the Goosanders, which say, "Shonigan, Joshua Witticombe," and Goosanders.
 Looking up this line up really well.
 I was thinking, "Oh, what did you see in the park?
 Goosander duck?"
 Oh, really?
 Two things.
 Just the one with all the teeth.
 The Paku we mentioned a few seconds ago, they supposedly combined human testicles off.
 They're invasive.
 I think you get them in Papua New Guinea or somewhere, and they have come into the Northern
 Hemisphere more recently, and whenever they catch one, it's always in the news it's like
 testicle-biting fish in the Thames or whatever.
 Oh, really?
 I think it's not true.
 They're vegetarian, so they eat nuts, and the story goes that someone with particularly
 nut-like testicles was standing by the water in Papua New Guinea.
 That's the swollen balls that person has got if they've got the consistency of a nut.
 It depends what kind of nut.
 Are there any nuts that are as soft as testicles out there?
 No, this does sound like one incident, and it's similar to a man going to a hospital
 saying, "I don't know how my penis got inside this vacuum cleaner, but..."
 It's an invasive species of Henry Hoover's who supposedly eat penises.
 I think there's a little bit of that.
 I think there was one story of some people in Papua New Guinea, and one person possibly
 had the genitals bitten by this fish, and it has since kind of...
 But what was he doing with that fish?
 He was urinating by the side of the lake.
 Yeah, right.
 There was a scary story about a fish that would swim up your urine stream.
 Was that real?
 No.
 No.
 I feel like they're not.
 Can we just establish it?
 There's a big difference, and I feel like tabloids often do this as well in headlines.
 Then you read the text, and James, you may have just done it between bitten and bitten
 off, and I think it's much less scary to have something bite your arm than to have it bite
 off your arm, for instance.
 Yeah.
 Same with testicles, I would argue as well.
 Yeah, probably it's the same.
 I think what I'm saying is that there was a very small little nibble on this man's
 genitals.
 And it has since...
 And it made the national news.
 Yeah.
 It's snowballed into...
 Since...
 Whenever the paku comes to town, everyone's like, "That's the ball eating fish."
 The other option is that he was bit on the balls by a human and had to quickly come up
 with an excuse for his wife and went, "No, it was the fish that has human teeth."
 It's called the sheep's head.
 Because someone's human has bitten his balls, he's gone, "No, no, it was a fish."
 And she's like, "Well, you can see the teeth marks."
 They're human.
 They're clearly human teeth.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 The paku.
 It's the paku.
 No, I know you're having an affair.
 You're having an affair with someone who gives a very bad blow to us.
 I was reading about a different type of mouths that fish can have.
 You can have a superior mouth or an inferior mouth.
 Okay.
 What's your criteria?
 That is...
 Can you guess what it is?
 A superior and an inferior.
 One's on top of your head, I suppose?
 On top of your head?
 Well, because if it's superior, I feel like it's on the top.
 How many fish have you seen where the mouth is above the eyes?
 Oh, look.
 We've said that...
 I bet there are some fish where the mouth is above the eyes.
 That was an upside-down fish.
 Turn it around.
 It was my dead goldfish.
 Is it?
 You're more or less there in fairness.
 A superior mouth is basically imagine a smiling fish and imagine a frowning fish for an inferior
 mouth.
 Oh, so it's like whether it turns up or down.
 Yeah, precisely.
 And if you have a superior mouth and you're a smiling fish, then you usually would feed
 on the surface.
 So you might get insects from the surface of the water.
 Oh, so you're turning your spoon around to go up or go down.
 And if you're an inferior mouth, you're probably a bottom feeder, as in you're getting stuff
 off the floor.
 And they have terminal mouths like goldfish, which is just at the front.
 So it's neither a smile nor a frown, and they're usually omnivores.
 They'll eat all sorts of stuff.
 Oh, that's funny.
 It's quite interesting that if you look at a fish and you see whether it's smiling or
 frowning, you can tell how it eats.
 Maybe you can't tell their mood.
 No, you can't.
 Because imagine if you're a really grumpy, pessimistic fish, but you've got the superior
 mouth and you're like, "Everyone thinks I'm so jolly.
 I'm having the worst day."
 We've never had anybody talk about gnarls before.
 Oh, yeah.
 And they're a toothed whale.
 Count as a toothed whale.
 That's one big tooth.
 Yeah.
 It's where they think unicorns.
 The idea for unicorns came from.
 They found these narwhal tusks and they were like, "Wow, this must be from a horse."
 Okay, right.
 But not only is it one big tooth, it's their only tooth.
 And it's actually their left tooth.
 It's their left canine.
 So they all have a right canine that doesn't erupt in their mouth.
 In fact, occasionally you'll see an arwhal where its right one is erupted and it's got
 a double horn thing going on.
 Yeah, right on.
 That's cool.
 So do the males have really long ones?
 Yeah, females tend not to have them actually.
 Really?
 At all.
 And what's the, do we know what sort of like the evolutionary reason for them retaining
 just one?
 I think if males have them, it feels like it's sexual selection.
 It does.
 But again, bizarrely, given they're quite prominent, we really don't know.
 And they've looked at lots of things.
 They thought maybe they use it as an ice pick or as a tool for echolocation and...
 Or sort of like a cocktail steak for, you know, how you put sausages and pineapples on and
 cheese and so on.
 And then only for catering, because if it was on your tooth, you couldn't get it in
 your mouth.
 That's true.
 But you'd not bring it to the mate that you're trying to...
 Oh yeah, like what I've got for you.
 Do you think that's sexy, Dan, if your partner has a really long tooth and you attach some
 pineapple and cheese on and feed it directly into your mouth?
 Is that what, what does it for you?
 That is right.
 You know she's got that.
 You've not signed up to my only friend, so I thought you, is that the biggest tooth in
 nature?
 Oh, it is big.
 How long can they get to?
 I feel like they can get to a couple of metres, can't they?
 I think, yeah, I reckon it must be.
 It's about half their body length.
 Yeah, 'cause tusks are not teeth.
 Tusks are catering, catering, no.
 Caratine?
 Caratine.
 Caratine.
 You're gonna have a word with my drug dealer.
 It's doing nothing for me.
 My hair looks amazing.
 I'm being accused of poaching.
 What's going on, mate?
 The only thing, other thing could be possibly like other large whales that have got teeth,
 but I reckon that would be the biggest.
 Yeah, it's gotta be up there, yeah.
 Just on the subject of fish teeth, I came across, actually a while ago, and I've been
 looking for a chance to mention it, an old Russian folktale of a beautiful young woman
 who's married to a really disgusting man that she hates.
 Sounds like my marriage.
 Tell me how long that continues to be true in this story.
 To put him off having sex with her, she puts a fish head into her vagina so that every
 time he's up for it, he's like, "Oh, what are all these teeth?"
 I guess it's one of these goldfish with the teeth heads.
 That's the paku.
 It's a paku head, it's specifies, and then she says, "What, you idiot, all women have
 this.
 You don't want to do it.
 You don't want to do it."
 That's what she's doing, and so he never gets to have sex with her.
 Oh, wow.
 That's a shame.
 It's a really sad story for him.
 It is, really.
 And for her, he's got a fish.
 Yeah.
 In places where you shouldn't have fish.
 She's kind of a bit worse off, yeah.
 If she'd have put a soccer mouth catfish up her belly, it might have been better, because
 they have bendy teeth.
 Oh, okay.
 The first fish that we found that have got bendy teeth, because they scrape stuff off
 rocks, and if they had hard, non-bendy teeth, then they might fall off, or they might break
 or whatever.
 That's cool.
 And they reckon that probably more fish have them as well, but we've never found them before.
 So that might be quite nice, some bendy teeth.
 Yeah.
 Oh, she'd be so annoyed if she got that one fish.
 She's like, "Oh, I'm into this."
 That's, vagina dentata is common in folklore, isn't it?
 And is it, who's the god in Moana?
 It's Maui.
 Maui.
 Yeah.
 Is it written by some vagina or something?
 Yeah, I think that's not featuring the live-action Moana remake of Disney I'm currently working
 on.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that a book club in America has finally finished reading Finnegan's Wake
 after 28 years of monthly meet-ups.
 28 years.
 28 years.
 Impressive.
 It's incredible.
 In 1995, there was between 10 and 30 people who would show up to these monthly book clubs,
 and Finnegan's Wake is a very complicated, unreadable book.
 They decided, rather than getting through the whole thing and doing it in one book club,
 they would take it two pages at a time.
 That proved to be, I think, a bit too much, so they then brought it down to one page per
 book club, and they've been doing this.
 They did it, you know, through the pandemic, they've been doing it over Zoom, they keep
 meeting up, and yeah, they finally just got to the end, but it's being reported as the
 end, but as the man who runs the book club, a guy called Jerry, pointed out, it ends on
 a sentence that is a continuous loop sentence, which means you come right back to the beginning
 of the book.
 No.
 So they're just starting from page one again now.
 What a horrible realisation.
 That must have been in the last session.
 The last day.
 Punch and pain.
 Thank God.
 I never have to see these awful people again.
 That's amazing.
 But it's amazing.
 Like, the people who've been in and out of this group, one guy dropped out of the group
 for 20 years and came back, you know, they were still waiting.
 They must have been quite lost, but then I suppose everyone is.
 I think they got through 15 chapters in that time, yeah.
 Yeah, that's the whole point of it, isn't it?
 It's a completely impenetrable book.
 Even people that you would consider to be those who love literature and would, like,
 be snooty and say, "No, it's actually a masterpiece," all just say, "It's just lots of words."
 No one can agree, like, who the main characters are, what the plot is.
 Have you dipped into it?
 No.
 Finnegan's way.
 No of all-choice stuff.
 I don't know if Anna has.
 No.
 Yeah, I think it's amazing that even after all this time, they've read it for 28 years,
 they won't be able to say what happened, because no one knows what happened.
 No one knows.
 It's just, that's so amazing, isn't it?
 It's mad.
 It's almost like an endurance sport rather than a hobby now, isn't it?
 Like, 28 years.
 But this is the thing.
 They're not, like, alone in being a book club that has done this.
 They just happen to have possibly gone the longest.
 There's a guy called Sam Slote, who's a historian.
 He's an expert at Trinity College Dublin on Joyce.
 That's what he looks into.
 And yeah, he was reading the book for 15 years.
 You know, there was other groups that, they all go into, like, just over 10 years.
 But this is the longest one so far.
 Think of all the books you've missed out on in that time that actually make sense.
 Yeah, that's true.
 You can't read all the books in your lifetime.
 Yeah.
 You might as well stick with one's The Hungry Caterpillar.
 Absolute banger.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 I just get through that many times in one meeting.
 I think this is what Joyce wanted.
 I think he wanted people to dedicate their lives to reading just him, to analyzing him.
 That's quite a big move, isn't it?
 Like, no, you'll be my book, not only my book.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it is.
 It's a statement about what you think of yourself.
 Well, he's kind of done it with certain people.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You know, your fact, sorry, I meant to say, Dan, is wrong.
 Yeah, I know.
 It's a spelling mistake.
 A spelling bit of a spelling mistake, yeah.
 Oh.
 Well, technically.
 Oh, I see.
 Yeah, yeah.
 There were punctuation errors, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 It's an apostrophe, yes.
 An apostrophe.
 I'd actually never noticed this until I went to the Wikipedia page.
 There's no apostrophe in it.
 So it's not the wake of Finnegan.
 It's Finnegan's plural.
 Wake.
 It's like Finnegan's comma.
 Wake, exclamation mark.
 And there's a character called Finnegan in it.
 And I believe he's being resurrected.
 So it's like he's waking up.
 So shouldn't he be the main character?
 I haven't read it either, but I would assume if it's called Finnegan's Wake and you've
 got a Finnegan.
 Well, there are quite a few Finnegan's as well.
 Oh, really?
 I thought the Finnegan's was just referring to, was like pluralised to be confusing and
 refer to like Irish people generally, but are there multiple Finnegan's in the book?
 Well, there are multiple Finnegan's.
 I think the collective Irish group being called Finnegan's is the most common explanation
 for the lack of apostrophe.
 Right.
 Some people think it's so that the word wake can mean the awakening and also the wake has
 enough to someone die, so it gives you a nice little bit of uncertainness there.
 Some people think it was a fuck up by Samuel Beckett, who wrote...
 Wait, sorry?
 Samuel Beckett?
 So...
 Well, it's his proofreader.
 No.
 Well, Joyce kind of...
 But what do you call it when someone speaks it to you?
 Dictators.
 Yeah.
 Beckett dictated it.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Or certainly some of it.
 Are you mixing transcribing and dictating?
 Oh, perhaps.
 What's the difference?
 You would dictate...
 Can you dictate to someone and then they transcribe what you're saying?
 Oh, I see.
 Yes.
 I think Joyce is...
 Joyce was dictating.
 Beckett was transcribing.
 Excellent point.
 Maybe.
 Just maybe five minutes in the edit.
 Maybe they weren't there.
 Maybe it was always the other way around and Beckett wrote it.
 I was like, "Don't put my name on that.
 I don't want to be cursed."
 Famous story where Beckett is dictating and there's a knock on the door and James Joyce
 says, "Come in."
 And Beckett just writes, "Come in in the middle of the story."
 Oh, really?
 So that was from a biography of Joyce, which where he interviewed Beckett and Beckett said
 this happened.
 But if you look in the text and just control F, you don't have to read the whole thing.
 But if you look in the text and look for the phrase, "Come in," there is no place where
 it's just like an interjection where it doesn't belong.
 So either Beckett made it up or maybe it actually happened and then later on he thought, "You
 know what?
 That was stupid.
 I'm going to take that out."
 Right.
 I'm not sure what happened.
 Or an editor was like...
 I don't think there was much of an editor because there was loads of typos in all of Joyce's
 work, wasn't there?
 That's something that's really interesting because I was reading an article where they're
 saying that basically the way you can read Joyce now, people have been trying to make
 sense of this book so much that they've employed different ways of cleaning it up in order
 to make sense of it.
 So there's a version out there where people have taken all the typos out so it kind of
 reads a bit more smoother and you're not going, "What the hell is this word?"
 There's a digital version now where basically everything is hyperlinked.
 Therefore you can get an understanding of everything and you find yourself using it
 as a repository of all knowledge.
 It's basically a weird encyclopedia where you just go, "Oh cool, I'm now learning about
 this random thing by clicking on it."
 So they keep trying to turn it into something useful.
 But it's not.
 But it's not.
 Ultimately it's just not in its own thing.
 The words that he made up in it, there's a hundred letter long word on the first page
 which is the sound of a thunderclap that was heard at the fall of the Garden of Eden.
 Are you going to give us the words?
 Yeah, I want to hear the words.
 [Singing]
 That's close but not quite.
 That was pretty good.
 That's good.
 I felt like there was a storm outside.
 I would argue that Boom does the same job.
 That would have been your first thing as an editor.
 Right.
 Boom.
 Opening words.
 Life would be more difficult for the Vengerbuys if no one had invented the word Boom and
 they had to do this four times.
 Much less catchy.
 It was reused by Sylvia Plath in the Belcha, that word.
 That word, right?
 Can I see it written down?
 Yeah, it's there.
 Are you thinking about using that in your next children's book account?
 It's in the title.
 It depends if you're on a word count for being paid a number of words or whether you're paid
 a number of letters.
 Useful words as well that he made up, which we've already mentioned before, but quark.
 Quark is from Finnegan's Wake.
 Yes.
 The scientific word it's from.
 There's a line in it that goes three quarks for muster mark and then quarks can cluster
 together in threes to form other.
 So that's where...
 I think Murray Gellman wanted to call them quarks and he always had this idea of they're
 called quarks and then he saw the word quark in Finnegan's Wake where it clearly rhymes
 with mark, but even though he spelt it in the same way that Joyce did, he always pronounced
 it quark.
 Do you think he really tediously corrected people whenever they refer to it?
 It's really interesting because I always call them quarks having studied physics and I
 think 75% of physicists say quark rather than quark.
 I can't believe as many as 25% are doing the pretentious.
 This is what he wanted.
 Quark pronunciation.
 Come on, physicists.
 This is very like the laser loser.
 So laser is an acronym, in fact, light, I forgot what it is.
 Light amplified.
 Yeah.
 And then someone's like actually the light's oscillating, so they should be called losers.
 I never heard that.
 Oh, that's great.
 Joyce was particularly upset about World War II, wasn't he?
 I know none of us liked it, but it was a real bugbear for him because it interrupted the
 publication of his book or he was worried it would get in the way.
 So as discussed, he spent 17 years writing it, which is not that long when you consider
 how long it takes to read, but he was realizing he was sort of getting close to the end in
 about 1936 and he was getting really stressed out about global conditions.
 At one point he complained to a friend, "Look, the fact that the world is in such a bad state
 at the moment is really stressful for me because I find it so hard to write being so anxious
 about it."
 And then when he handed in the manuscript in 1939, he said, "Please hurry publishing
 it because war's going to break out and then no one will read my book anymore."
 That is amazing.
 That's not why.
 The thing is, if you're going to spend how long, 17, 18 years writing it, the chance
 of you, it would have to be in the high end period of peace, wouldn't it?
 There's no other time when you're not going to run into some war or other.
 You're right.
 So I was looking at what the longest book to read by pages rather than complexity.
 Oh yeah.
 So the longest novel in the Penguin classics and modern classics is In Search of Lost Time
 by Marcel Proust.
 Yeah.
 It is six volumes, 3,616 pages.
 So in the time it would take you to read it, you could fly from London to Auckland and
 back again and then to Barbados.
 But only if you have to not take any breaks and to read one page a minute for that entire
 time.
 One page a minute.
 Yeah.
 I bought a copy of that thinking I would read it and it was absolutely massive.
 And I started and then I realized that I only had the first volume.
 If this is the first volume, there is no way in the world I'm going to read this.
 Years ago I thought I'd read Oliver Twist and I said to someone, "Oh, I've just finished
 Oliver Twist."
 And they said, "Oh, did you like the bit about Dodger's Trial?"
 And I said, "What trial?"
 And I'd had the bridge version and I didn't realize I really missed out on it.
 You read the transcript of the musical theatre version, Oliver exclamation mark.
 I love the songs, yeah.
 You read as part of fish research or you started reading Curious If You Finish, Les Mis.
 God, I started reading so many things as part of this research.
 In fact, I started reading The Woman in White a few weeks ago and still haven't got to the
 end of that.
 But yeah, Les Mis, I got most of the way through it but I didn't finish it.
 Well, I read Les Mis's 365 chapters, so you can read one a day, which is quite neat.
 But not at a leap year or you can have a day off.
 Interesting.
 James, have you ever thought about reading fiction for pleasure rather than for the podcast?
 I think you might get to the end of more books.
 I really struggle.
 I've got to say, I really struggle to read fiction for pleasure these days.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Because I read so much non-fiction for my job, I need like a year off.
 What you need is a book club because I started doing a book club and it does force you to
 read.
 Yeah, and it forces you to read things that you might not have new books that have come
 out that people have been interested in.
 Is that the idea of fiction that you're forced to read stuff and that's why you do it?
 Just it carves out the time for you to do it, which is interesting.
 Accountability.
 Yeah.
 Aren't you in the same book club as Andy though?
 I think I've heard about someone from the book.
 Yeah.
 Is it just Andy's book every week?
 It is.
 Yeah.
 It does feel like a post-apocalyptic world.
 I'm living it every time we chat about it.
 What was your best book you discovered through book club?
 Silly Plants of the Bell Jar, which I love her poetry and I've never read the book itself.
 I've never read the book.
 Did you remember this?
 Yeah.
 Because I haven't read that book and so I was going off Wikipedia that this word was
 in it.
 I think it is true, right?
 Weirdly, I don't remember the word, but you know, you don't remember every detail, right?
 Well, you might remember a hundred-letter word.
 I assumed it was a typo.
 Well, no, but you know, also when you're on a deadline for book club, it's like, "Fantastic.
 What a great word to zoom in on.
 It's like the fast lane.
 It's like a travelator."
 They are good.
 Aren't you in a book club?
 No, I'm not, but I think what I would like to be in one for is that discovering books
 that you might not know about.
 So I've got some friends who are just so, so good at book recommendations and really
 good at personalizing it to what you like to read.
 So I read an article years ago saying that actually there's an argument that you shouldn't
 read books that win prizes and the argument being that if you say you're not into Russian
 high society and agriculture, why would you suddenly be so just because it won a prize?
 So actually, it can put you off books, which actually if you go in and say-
 You're driving war on peace there.
 Sorry.
 But what if you aren't into agriculture, aren't into Russian high society but are into people
 being hit by trains?
 What do you-
 Well, then I reckon there's somewhere a book shop with that's the category.
 I hear Andy's podcast at qi.com/emailpinging.
 How dare you spoil it, Andy?
 Well, that's good that we're bucking and trying to bit you being in a book club, Dan.
 And I, in fact, am in a book club.
 And I'm not.
 It's extraordinary.
 I know we know that it's mostly women, but it's 88% of book clubs in America at least
 are all women.
 And women generally read quite a lot more fiction than men.
 And book clubs are so popular these days as well.
 I think since Oprah Winfrey's book club, they've shot up.
 I think there was a survey of women who read at least one book a month that found over half
 of them were in book clubs, which makes sense because when you're reading that often, that's
 why.
 Well, here's a really interesting thing.
 I went to a publishing party not too long ago, and there was an author there who I'd
 met whose book came out at the same time as mine.
 She had an American release.
 It was a fiction novel called Wayward's Brilliant.
 And she was the New York Times bestseller.
 And she's an Australian who moved over here.
 It's her first debut book.
 I said, "How?
 How?
 You weren't even in America.
 How did that happen?"
 Book clubs.
 She said, "Publishers desperately try and put their books in positions to get them into
 book clubs."
 And she said, "You sell like 30 a time."
 They're just massive.
 How do you...
 What you go around like asking people, "Are you in a book club?"
 So you give away a lot of free books and stuff online as e-books, and then it gets a reputation
 and then book clubs pick it up and Reese Witherspoon is the other massive book club in America.
 They're also...
 Do you mean big famous book clubs?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Sorry, you don't mean just like my book club.
 No, no.
 People will not buy my books.
 But probably them as well.
 Yeah.
 Probably them as well, yeah.
 Just books that are heavily marketed or promoted.
 Do you know where the biggest book club in the world is?
 The biggest in the world.
 Okay.
 Yeah, right.
 Contender.
 I'm going to say Iceland, because they're famously, they all write books and read novels.
 Oh, yes.
 I feel like you've checked all the book club accounts, but I'm going with volume.
 I'm going with the digital world.
 Booktalk.
 So this is the book club version of TikTok.
 Oh, okay.
 So they believe that Booktalk has sold 20 million books in 2021.
 Wow.
 It's huge.
 There's this huge number of books now.
 Colin Hooper, right?
 Yeah, and they'll say like, "TikTok made me buy it."
 And it's like these books that just really drive through TikTok.
 So much so that they've launched the TikTok Book Awards this year.
 And what I love about this is because TikTok, I guess, is so many people, they're not just
 books that came out this year that were popular in one shop or by one sort of person.
 So they gave them a word to Jane Austen.
 She got revival.
 Yeah.
 So it's like really new stuff, really old stuff.
 Can I ask, yeah, sorry, for like older listeners, not myself, obviously, but for other people
 who might not really know what TikTok is, can you explain how that works?
 It's not just one book club where everyone reads the same thing.
 No.
 So TikTok is video sharing and I'm guessing everybody who uses the hashtag Booktalk and
 can see what they're talking about.
 So things sort of trend and build and you sort of find, and I guess what's nice about
 it is if you read a book that you love it and no one else has, you can find someone
 who's made a video and see what they say about it.
 Whereas if I've read one book and no one else I know has read it.
 And to be fair, sometimes I finish a book and I'll go onto Goodreads just to see what
 people have said and see if I agree with them.
 Oh yeah, have you seen it?
 Yeah.
 Definitely.
 But she has a good like twisty end and I'm like, did I understand that?
 Definitely.
 What actually happened?
 I'll go and check.
 I have a mental reasoning question for you.
 Really?
 Love these.
 Love this book club.
 Yeah.
 So it was founded in 1996 and the idea was that it would be quite highbrow literary options
 that she chose.
 So she had great books in there like William Faulkner, Toni Morrison, Kulman McCarthy.
 So really good books over the years and every time she makes a choice it pretty much becomes
 a bestseller.
 Yeah.
 It's like rockets to the top of the charts.
 Yeah.
 It doesn't exist anymore.
 I think it stopped in about 2010 or something.
 Okay.
 So whenever she chose a book, book sales actually after that decreased.
 Why?
 Do you mean book sales more generally?
 General book sales decreased.
 Okay.
 This is why.
 Everyone wants you to buy this one particular book.
 It went out of print really quickly and no one bought anything else because they were
 waiting for that one to come back into print.
 Interesting.
 Interesting.
 Not correct.
 Good guess though.
 Paper shortage.
 It used up so many trees that.
 Half of the Amazon Oprah is responsible for destroying actually.
 Yeah.
 No, it's specifically about the fact that she chose quite highbrow options but appealed
 to an audience that wouldn't necessarily be reading things like that all the time.
 Okay.
 So you're.
 They spent more time reading.
 She got it.
 Oh.
 So rather than buying two books you buy one and read it for two weeks.
 Exactly.
 These people who are buying three books a week and pacing through them, they're suddenly reading
 the Sound and the Fury.
 Oh, that's fine.
 Spending a few weeks.
 So really everyone should be buying much shorter books and getting through more of them.
 How long's your book though?
 345 pages.
 That's a very big font.
 My mind's a children's book so it's a bit short.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the liquid in a can of beans is more likely to make you
 farter than the beans themselves.
 Okay.
 Good to know.
 Incredible.
 Useful.
 Useful knowledge.
 Yeah.
 Is it?
 Are you going to start rinsing all over your mouth?
 No, I'm going to start chugging bean juice because I just want to be more farty.
 So this comes from an article on the website Serious Eats and they partnered with Harvard
 Science of Cucking Program and looked at the fartiness of various beans and stuff like
 that and to see if there were any ways to decrease the effect and they looked at various
 old wives tales of how you do this like you soak your beans for ages.
 This would not be a can of beans for instance.
 You might soak your beans for ages and then cook them in a certain way and see if that
 makes sense.
 I like that there was someone soaking their Heinsbake beans.
 Everyone always soaks beans so yeah, they're not left them overnight.
 They might be cooking them with bay leaves or something like this and nothing really made
 any difference but they looked at tinned beans and they did find actually that rinsed beans
 from a tin are 20% less farty than unrinsed and that the liquid you throw away is 30%
 fartier than the beans are themselves.
 Wow.
 And why?
 So it seems like it kind of seeps into the juice and also the beans they kind of disintegrate
 the longer they're in there and the more farty ones are the ones that disintegrate.
 The hard ones that you just kind of go straight through you, they don't disintegrate.
 Right.
 So yeah, the fartiness seems to just get into the juice somehow.
 That's so interesting.
 I think some things probably work, right?
 Like there are some things that could counteract the fartiness, there's kombu, the Japanese
 seaweed that you get in, like kombu dashi, it's an ingredient of that and that has these
 enzymes that break down the sugars in beans when you eat them.
 So the reason that beans make you fart is because you can't digest the stuff in them
 but the bacteria in your stomach can, right?
 And then the bacteria as it digests it releases these gases and I believe that kombu manages
 to break down those sugars so the bacteria doesn't have as much to eat and fart out.
 Correct.
 And so if you add this seaweed to everything, that might work.
 Might do.
 You better go.
 So actually, you mentioned my book before, I wrote about a guy who tried to stop farts
 from being produced off the back of beans.
 Yeah, he did.
 Yeah, wonderfully, a man called Colin Leakey and Colin Leakey is the son of Mary and Louis
 Leakey who were the great anthropologists who discovered all these hominid skeletons
 throughout history.
 So he had seen a report of NASA trying to make beans that could be sent into space and
 not produce flatulence, so lose the fart stuff from beans and he thought, yes, that would
 be amazing to do because if you could invent a bean that gave you less farts, you could
 have that in developing countries where they sometimes, you know, Crohn's disease, for
 example, beans are meant to be avoided.
 So there's a lot of health implications if you have a lot of wind in you.
 So he thought if I could invent a bean, that could be like a meat replacement and then
 we could have safe eating that's going on for all these poorer countries.
 Okay.
 So he spent a lifetime doing that and he did invent two beans which are on sale and
 have been sent over which are meat replacements and less flatulence.
 So he was a scientist who did great things, but my favorite thing is he patented an invention
 called the flatometer, which was a device that slots into your rectum and there's a tube
 coming out that connects to a balloon on the other end and you tuck the balloon in your
 shirt pocket and you just collect these, these are his real invention.
 It's bigger, bigger, bigger.
 Kind of like the Viperfish.
 At the end of the day you're like, oh, it's children's party ever.
 Yeah, the balloon dog you get given.
 So I was reading that they have measured how much volume a fart has and they did it by
 feeding everyone beans and using a rectal catheter to catch the fart.
 Would you like to guess the mills?
 How many mills are average fart?
 It's hard, isn't it?
 Because it's a gas so it spreads out quite a lot so you would think it would be quite
 a high mills.
 Yeah, interesting.
 572.
 What?
 I was going to say more like 20, you're kind of in the middle, 90, so we could fit in your
 airport hand luggage.
 Not really.
 I suppose it doesn't count as a liquid, does it, unless you've done a little bit of follow
 through.
 Well, another useful thing scientists have invented, speaking of following through, a useful thing
 scientists have invented is a machine that listens to your bottom and distinguishes a
 fart from a shirt.
 Ah.
 And I would argue you would know without a machine whether that's happened.
 You do usually know, don't you, but often, but do they tell you before or after?
 It actually tells you when it's happened.
 Is it more for when someone's done it, but you're with them and you say, was that a fart
 or a shirt?
 And they say, no, it's just a fart.
 And then you go, let me get my machine out.
 Get to the bathroom, you filthy pig.
 It's meant to also detect more than that as well.
 So the idea is that you have this device.
 It's called the, and listen carefully, the Synthetic Human Acoustic Reproduction Testing,
 another shot.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 And basically it's to give early warning of like colorectal cancers, things like that,
 bowel cancers, because it's thought that you might have changes in your flatulence sounds
 or in your poo sounds.
 And if it listens, it might then say, oh, your poo sound a bit different these days or
 your fart sound a bit weird.
 Have you thought about getting checked out?
 And so researchers listen to many hundreds of hours of audio of various pooing and farting
 noises, and then tagged them correctly to train the machine.
 Wow.
 And it can now identify whether something's urination, flatulence, solid defecation or
 diarrhea 98% of the time.
 So it's not at the super advanced level yet, I suppose it's still at the stage of distinguishing
 a wee from a poo.
 Yeah.
 It's not that advanced.
 If you play them, George Osborne's new podcast, it does say it's diarrhea.
 I was just thinking who I could slam if the podcast community wouldn't, wouldn't attack
 us all.
 Yeah.
 Good luck when he's on next week.
 How much do you think the cheapest can of beans you could buy in the UK was in 1996?
 Oh, 1996.
 Yeah.
 Like 4p?
 19?
 Yeah, a couple of p.
 A couple of p?
 Yeah.
 The answer is negative 2p.
 Okay, you take them.
 Why?
 I'll have 2m.
 Did you get like money back for returning the 10 or something?
 No.
 This was just a crazy moment in retail where it was called the bean wars.
 And basically they were just competing and competing to make the price lower, to win
 the competition.
 Then it got to a point where this one place, which is called Supermarkets, and this place
 called Sanders Supermarket basically had a deal whereby...
 It surprised me enough it doesn't exist anymore.
 I was like, oh, I sold too many beans on that bus.
 But it went so low that they went into the negatives.
 So if the beans were part of a shopping pile that you had, they took the 2p off of your
 final bill.
 If you were just buying the can of beans, they gave you 2p, but you could only do it
 for one tin.
 That was their thing.
 But there was a point where you were paid to leave a supermarket with the can of beans.
 This is like when you want a sandwich and it's better to get the meal deal than having
 to buy a drink as well and then your sandwich is cheaper.
 It is, but it's very rare that you can just take the drink from the meal deal and they'll
 pay you for it.
 The difference that you would have saved, that is unbelievable.
 Tesco was selling them at 7p.
 Do you think people went around lots of different supermarkets collecting as many 2p's as they
 could?
 But if it's 2p and 1 tin, it's quite limited.
 So they'd probably lose less money than they would from like huffing the price of like
 ketchup or toilet roll.
 Totally.
 The price of petrol or bus fare to get to the shop is going to be more than 2p.
 So it's false economy to go around the country to all of these shops.
 But it would feel nice to get your 2p off and get your free beans.
 I'm the kind of person who would just always do that for no particular reason.
 Don't you need that many beans?
 Just going in with different hats on to get more beans.
 I'm back again.
 I was on the Heinz Factory website because they made beans.
 And do you know the average number of beans in a Heinz tin?
 Oh, well what size?
 The normal size.
 There are three sizes.
 Wow, three.
 Oh yeah, you've got those mini ones.
 You've got the mini one, the full one, just like 200, 400, and then you've got the snack
 pot.
 Oh, you're so right.
 Yeah, sorry.
 I mean, the normal one.
 Showing you too much why I eat for lunch.
 And Ann mixes it up every day with a different one.
 Yeah, I'm going to mix it up and have two small pots instead of one big pot.
 Five hundred and seventy-two.
 That's a good guess.
 We switch sides in the reals, Alice.
 The 400s.
 The one everyone knows.
 The mainstream one, not your edgy left field, trendy one.
 He's so hipster these days, Ann.
 Okay, standard size of beans.
 I can't believe you now don't know the answer, given your knowledge.
 You've bought so much time.
 James, how many did you say?
 Five hundred and seventy-two.
 Okay, I'm going to go, I feel so invested in this now, I'm going to go four hundred and
 twenty-four.
 Nice.
 Okay, then, three hundred and sixty-five.
 And you have one, so it's worth something such as what?
 I like Dan's idea of three hundred and sixty-five.
 It's like every day I'll have one read and read one chapter of Les Miserables.
 It's four hundred and sixty-five on average.
 But the reason I say that is because in twenty-nineteen, a counsellor, Steve Smith, in a break
 from cheating at Cricket, got back.
 I do think it's a different guy, probably, he got back from a residence meeting late
 at night, so I'll crack into a can of high-inspired beans and it was full of sauce and contained
 one bean.
 I don't remember that.
 How crazy that I remember that.
 Do you remember the story?
 I don't remember that story coming up.
 Imagine how farty he would have been the next day.
 I know.
 Hungry and farty, it's the worst combo.
 Very randomly, I was in an office the other day, and in through the door came Greg Wallace,
 who's in MasterChef, that guy.
 That's weird.
 Yeah, there was no connection between us two being there.
 He came and just walked up to me and said, "Wanna hear a bean fact?"
 And I was like, "Okay, yeah, sure."
 I went, "Oh, I must listen to fish."
 So at the bean factories, they have a laser which tests out good beans, and if they don't
 like it, they flick the bean off, so they have a bean flicker at the thing, and I was
 like, "Oh, great, that's so cool.
 We could use that on fish or QI," and he went, "Are you connected to that?"
 I would have assumed this guy's really into food facts, you know, and he just tells anyone.
 He literally opened the door, looked me in the face, walked up to me and said, "Do you
 want to hear a bean fact?"
 Of course, I could have assumed he does.
 Yeah, I genuinely would never have assumed that.
 Did people just come up to you randomly?
 If it's Greg Wallace, I would have thought, he knows he's famous, he's like, "I get a
 way with doing this to a randomer."
 I can't believe that I'm coming across as the weird one at this time.
 You can't cause us very self-involved.
 It's all about my podcast.
 Greg Wallace is a bean guy.
 That's so weird.
 It does sound like a dream.
 It does.
 That is bizarre.
 It does that, though.
 It happened.
 Would you like to hear a horrifying fart fact?
 Now we're approaching the winter months, so you know on a cold day if you breathe out,
 you can see your breath.
 Yeah.
 Well, if you fart loudly enough, you can see your fart on a cold day, but not if you're
 wearing trousers.
 Yes, okay.
 But only a part of like, Winnie the Pooh that is like, "Winnie the Pooh."
 And I think I've read that story.
 Winnie the Pooh on a windy day, that's what that was about, isn't it?
 Yes, another reason not to go out in public naked, eh?
 I never realized that.
 There must be footage on YouTube of people doing that, right?
 I haven't searched it, but feel free to check it out.
 I rather think it might be on more specialist channels than YouTube.
 Back to Dan's Only fans.
 Yeah, that's a new whole threat for me.
 And wiki farts.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 We have now reached the by Anne period of the podcast today.
 Thanks for joining us, Anne.
 We'll see you again soon.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, you can find us on our social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram @TribalandJames.
 @TribalandTwitter @JamesHarken.
 Anne.
 My Instagram is @AnneMillerBooks.
 And if you want to get us as a group, Anne, where do they go?
 You can email podcast.qi.com.
 And you can also go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Do check them out.
 There's also bits of merch.
 You can find club fish, all sorts of fun to be had there, or just come back here next
 week.
 We'll be back with another episode and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
