 We run it on QI a few years ago. Yeah. Which was there's no such thing as a fish.
 You did a nice such thing as a fish. No seriously it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there first paragraph no such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covenant Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting with two
 of the regular elves Andy Murray and Anna Chazinski and we have a special guest today.
 It's the co-host of Antony, this Helen Zoltzman and once again we gathered around with our
 favorite four facts from the last week and here they are in no particular order.
 Okay, fact number one and that's you Helen. Yes, I discovered that L-O-L, the acronym that
 people now use to signify the fact that they're weak-minded and words are inadequate for their own
 need. Used to me not laugh out loud or even lots of love but little old lady which doesn't
 come up that much now in the Twitter and text speak but it was a medical definition. They had a whole
 list of little old lady related abbreviations like Lollinad which was little old lady in no apparent
 distress which you would think why do they need to note the absence of distress or you would just
 note the fact that she was distressed and Loll for the group which stood for little old lady fall
 down go boom. It's a very common complaint isn't it? Yeah, you have to be very careful because
 some of them are unstable. Is this the thing like the medical slang that the doctors used to write on
 charts? Is that where it comes from? Because there's a story that keeps on servicing about the
 three letter acronyms your doctor uses like FLK means funny looking kid. I think they've not
 been used for a very long time. No, they're not my friends use them, they're doctors. Yeah,
 they're still the news mate, yeah. I found another LOL which was through NASA. NASA when they were sending
 all of their missions they had sort of I guess I don't know if it's right to call them primitive
 computer systems but they had a thing called core rope memory which was basically a read-only memory
 style computer that they used and it was made in factories by effectively little old ladies
 and it's called LOL memory and it means little old lady memory. And yet little
 ladies often their memories are really erratic. You know remember childhood but not things that
 happen last week. Yeah, it's literally the worst style of memory you want to send on a mission tomorrow.
 My grandmother was always calling me by one of my brother's names because she just couldn't remember.
 Yeah, imagine a pal on her 2001 space odyssey was was LOL. It was a little old lady. What's your name?
 Do you want a biscuit? I can't do that Brian or Sydney, whatever. Morse code had a list of official
 abbreviations written up in 1878 and it's quite funny because you look through them so it's called
 the Phillips code and it's obviously like if you're transmitting Morse code and you want to speed
 things up there are a few things that you say a lot so you need to so he assigned them a number rather
 than spelling it out. So they're kind of obvious stuff like five is have you got business for me?
 22 is wire test, 23 is all copy, 88 is love and kisses. It's the only one that's like that.
 All the rest of the number 80s. Yeah, yeah. It's a shame it wasn't high out the rankings.
 No, it wasn't. That's the most boring bingo callers in the world.
 Five wire tests. Love and kisses. That's great. I also was because this whole idea of finding words
 that were used for different meanings previously. I read this blog run by Ann Cosen who's a language
 expert and she was talking about how different words and what they were previously used for it.
 So the word guy to mean a guy. Do you know where that comes from? It's not from guy folks, is it?
 According to her, yes. Really? Yeah, it comes directly from guy folks.
 Oh, it seems too obvious to be true. It does. I think I would have assumed that and then there was
 going to be a twisted weird answer. And then somehow and it was mainly in America that it picked up
 that it just became guy but it was off the back of guy folks. According to her. It's weird that
 there's an America it picks up because it is fundamentally British. They have no investment. Yeah,
 I also suggest that they think all men are merely effigies of humanity. It's true, it's true,
 but it must have been like the original action man I guess in America, but it was called guy.
 So it was just like, okay, this is a guy, this is a guy. It's just a guy. It's all your action man.
 No, I'm just saying action man is called action man, right? He's not called Mark. It's an action man.
 And this was a guy toy. You got your guy toy. What is action man's real name? I don't know if action man
 has a name. That is a great question. That is a brilliant question. We're raising more than we're
 solving today. Yeah. There is nothing really embarrassing. I just water. Yeah. Wayne. Yeah. Wayne man.
 Man is definitely his last day. Yeah. I've got a real name for action man. Yep. Right, this is in the
 TV series from 1995, who is a man suffering from amnesia, who is a pointed leader of team extreme
 fighting against the evil doctor X. He later learns his real name is Matthew Exler.
 Exler. Yeah. Ex LER. Look at his name. Is this TV series canon in the action man?
 Genre. According to action man Wiki, his name as an action man toy is Matthew Exler as well.
 I learned a good thing of things that other things used to be called while we're in this category.
 So sandwich is, I've been researching because obviously they're named after but not
 invented by the fourth Earl of sandwich. He was only called sandwich because his great-grandfather,
 the first Earl, was given the chance to choose a town for the peerage to be named after when he
 was given a peerage. And he chose sandwich because it's where his fleet was anchored. He was a
 big admiral. And he originally didn't want to choose sandwich. He chose it because his first choice
 was Portsmouth and it was already a Lord Portsmouth and he had a bit of an Archibaldi about who
 would get to be the Earl of Portsmouth. So we could all be having Egg and Crest Portsmouth today. How cool
 is that? That's very cool. Yeah. It works. A Portsmouth. I can imagine saying that. It actually
 is more of a sensible word than sandwich. I mean, she's Portsmouth. Yes, please. Yeah. That worked.
 Yeah. It was more inviting. Yeah, that felt very good. Just jumping on Portsmouth, something that
 should have had a different name as well. Gandalf the Grey wasn't going to be called Gandalf the Grey.
 What was it going to be called? Action man. He was going to be called Action Bad Grey. He was going
 to be called Bladderthin. Which is not what you should call an old man with a beard. Bladderthin
 is a dead thing. Yeah, exactly. Yeah, B-L-A-D-O-R-T-H-I-N. That was a name that was eventually given to a
 dead king who's mentioned just once. I wasn't the rising mention just once, Sladderthin. Yeah,
 readers didn't go for that. Won't bring him back. Yeah. So I enjoy the battle of emoticons
 that were the first emoticon appeared. So I think we researched some of this for QI last year.
 This is related to the laws, right? Everyone sees the link. Yep. So there was a smiley face apparently
 in a transcript of a speech by Lincoln, which is just a semicolon and a closed brackets.
 So Winky. Yeah. Yeah. We have won the Battle of Gettysburg. Wink. Wink. Wink. Does that mean he has won or he's not?
 I just changed the history books. That might be the most revealing thing a document is ever shown.
 That was history altered. As the equivalent of fingers crossed, I'd be back.
 Or not. Yeah. So I think it's a typo. But now there's one in 1648, which someone has found in a 1648 poem.
 It's called To Fortune by Robert Herrick. It has the word smiling yet and then it has a colon
 and then a closed brackets and it is in brackets. So it's probably also a typo. But the first
 actual emoticons definitely emoticons were in Puck, weren't they in 1881. We'll put this on the website.
 What's Puck? Puck is a human magazine, a satirical magazine in the 19th century. And so basically it was
 in a joke about how they didn't want to keep paying cartoonists. So there's quite a funny little paragraph
 they say where they say cartoonists are totally overrated. We don't need you as stupid, overpaid,
 overvalued art. We can create art just with our typewriters and then it gives you a smiley face,
 a grumpy face, a board face and a surprised face below created with typography. And they're the
 first things. Smiley's Puck. 1881. And yet you would think that back then when it was a lot harder
 to type than it is now because keyboards were quite beefy. And before that, scribes had a lot of
 words. Do you think that emoticons would be more expedient than they are now? Now it's easier than
 ever to type a word. Yeah, yeah, you're right. So you're saying they were justified in 1881. But now,
 no, get over it. Yes. Biotapistry could have saved a big drawing of Harold, just do a winky face.
 Actually, originally meant, has been shot in eye. Maybe that like an hour in the night is just
 typography for winky face back in those days. That's what he was doing.
 Okay, time for fact number two. And that's my fact. My fact this week is, according to researchers at
 Glasgow, Caledonian University, listening to Billy Connolly can substantially increase your tolerance
 to pain. Wow. Is it because after you've listened to Billy Connolly, everything else seems insignificant
 or is it that Billy Connolly really distracts you from the pain and makes feel more positive?
 It's a positive thing. It was basically an ice bucket challenge. They put patients fists into
 buckets of ice and they found that when they were listening to Billy Connolly, it actually increased
 the length of time that they could keep their hand inside there. So it distracted them. It distracted
 them and made them sort of enjoy having their fist in a bucket of ice. This is directly from an
 article that announced the findings of these scientists. It's from April 7th 2003. So boffins have
 proved that laughter. So immediately very much a... What are these bloody dweeps find out then?
 Nerd burgers have proved that laughter really is the best medicine with some help from Billy Connolly
 stand-up routines. A team of scientists discovered that the big Ian's pattern acts as a pain killer.
 Psychologists compared people's pain thresholds while listening to music, comedy, and doing mental arithmetic.
 The Glasgow Caledonian University team claims vintage Connolly,
 incredibly vintage. None of the new stuff. Increased tolerance of pain by up to three times.
 I can completely buy this actually. It was a three-year study. The weird thing is that things were
 different for men and women. So for women, the most effective pain relief was not actually from the
 comedy. It was from hearing their favorite music. Now if you're allowed to choose your own music,
 that has an also beneficial effect on the kind of... The gateway theory, isn't it, is one theory of
 pain that by blocking the pain from getting through with another stimulus. People could be listening
 to this show whilst having minor surgery to take their mind off it. I don't know if our chat about
 doctors at the beginning is going to get us into hospitals now. I think it was round 1910 or 1915.
 A woman had a grapefruit-sized tumour removed from her ovaries, had the surgery on her kitchen table.
 And even though Anesthesia existed at that point, she didn't have any, she just sang hymns to
 stave off the pain. Wow. Did it work? Well, she's dead now! His hymn has gone very high pitched and
 shrieky. I guess, no, it's definitely in the notes. Yeah, tip for dentists and people carrying out
 minor surgery, it turned to him 454 in your works. Nearer my god to thee. Oh no, not nearer my god to thee.
 There's no evidence that the surgeon's forced Anesthesia upon this woman just to shut her up.
 It'd be super distracting, wouldn't it? And also, it means she wouldn't be still.
 I risk dental surgery, that'd be really irritating, wouldn't it? There are amazing things
 which can increase your tolerance to pain. They've tried smells on people and- More theme.
 They've tried working in a team, so they tested on rowers. They tried rows from the Oxford
 boat race squad and they put them in a team and they had a higher pain threshold when they were
 working together, when they had been trained together than when they were separate. So we're going
 to perform surgery on you, but if all your friends also agree to have surgery before them at the same time,
 it's going to be better for you. Maybe it just seems rude or to moan when you know that everyone
 else is feeling the same pain as you. Can I tell you about one guy, football match FA Cup Final,
 Manchester City Birmingham in 1956. The goalkeeper from City was called Bert Trautman. He broke his
 neck after diving for the ball and played on. He made a series of crucial saves and his team one,
 three, one. Wow. A 2006 study found that people with migraines, people who get migraines have 20%
 more sexual desire. There you go. Again, is it to take their minds off it? It's just not taking
 your mind off it. Yeah. Yeah. Tonight dear, I've got a headache. Pop on. There was quite a good
 2008 study at Stanford. It showed traumatic pictures to its study participants. And I just like it,
 because it sounds like a traumatic study to be involved in and found that if you encourage the
 participants to make jokes about the traumatic thing you were watching, then it decreased their
 negative feelings about it. And if you encourage them to make positive jokes, it really decreased
 their negative feelings about it. So they were showing pictures of, this is the list,
 ranging from car accidents and corpses to aggressive animals and dental exams. God.
 But I'm so impressed that the study participants couldn't make funny jokes. If someone says
 make a positive joke about that picture of a dead person now, I'm quite impressed. They all do it.
 The thing is they kind of like mock the weak in that sense.
 Okay, time to move on. Time to go to fact number three and that is Chasinski.
 My fact is that the first woman to cycle around the world learned to ride a bike the day before
 she set off. Well, she probably figured she could pick it up on the mission. Yeah, you got it long
 enough. Yeah, my practice. What I like is that in the 1890s, the records for, around the world
 travel and the records for cycling around the world were both broken by women. It's quite
 unexpected. Nelly Blire was a woman who wanted to imitate Phillyus Fog and do around the world
 in 80 days, did it in 72. So who was this woman who cycled around the world? She was called Annie
 Cohen Kopchowski. She was originally Latvian. She was 23 years old at the time. Jewish married mother
 of three children lived in Boston and she just decided she was going to do it. So she was such an
 amazing character. So she was a real raccoon to her. She told amazing stories. So it's very hard
 to know actually what her story is true and what's not. But she said, you know, I got on a bike
 the day before I had two lessons and set off and she claimed she did this because she'd heard
 these two men in a bar make a bet that no woman could travel around the world on a bike. And so she
 decided to challenge them and she was offered a $10,000 reward if she made it which she did. So she got
 that. Interestingly, when she did it, she wasn't called Annie Cohen Kopchowski. She was called Annie
 London Dairy because she got sponsorship from London Dairy Spring Water. So they paid her $100 to
 change her name and have their branding on the back of her bike. That's hilarious. It's good, isn't it?
 Wow. So it dates back a lot. Yeah. So much further than I had realised. Yeah. When you're cycling
 around the world, what are the rules about crossing water? Could you do the least amount of
 land cycling possible and just take a boat for most of the way? She did. She did do a lot of
 boating. You would have to really, because of oceans. There was, there was a very snarky thing that
 was said about it when she got back, which was they said she travelled around the world with a bike,
 not on a bike. That's good. She was the first woman to travel around the world with a bike,
 barely blinded, not a bike. Still a record, guys. Yeah. And she made up a lot of things about her life,
 didn't she? Yeah. So that she studied medicine for two years. And she was a married mother of three.
 And she was sold in the newspaper stories as an unmarried and childless woman. Maybe she just
 wanted to get away from the kids. Have any of you been following the progress of Mr Bullsey,
 who is a man who in order to raise awareness of testicular cancer, of which he is a survivor
 and currently in remission, is pushing a giant inflatable testicle across the United States
 from Los Angeles to New York. It started on the 3rd of September, so he's done a few hundred
 miles and he's got 4,000 left to go. And he's been through some desert, so he's quite lucky that
 the testicle hasn't punctured yet. We can shelter in the shade of it, though, to protect
 himself from the heat. How big is it? Six feet diameter. And he's just rolling it along. He's
 rolling it along. And if you meet him along the way, then you can write things on the testicle.
 That's great. Mr Bullsey sounds like a good Mr Man as well. Mr Bullsey went for it. He didn't care.
 Was he called Bullsey originally or was he sponsored by the Bullsey company? His name is Thomas
 Kankley. But yeah, Andy, you were saying she made up fantastical stories about her life, this woman.
 And it was partly, I think, how she funded her trip, so she'd sell her stories to give lectures
 along the way and stuff. So a few of the things she claimed was that she spoke several languages,
 that she'd been to a whole bunch of countries that she definitely didn't go to, that she'd hunted
 tigers with Indian royalty. She was almost killed by what she called aegiatics because they thought
 she was an evil spirit. She fought in the Sino-Japanese War in 1895, where she fell through a frozen river
 and ended up in a Japanese prison with a bullet wound in her shoulder. And then she was attacked by
 highway men in Marseys. Wow. She was just a brilliant storyteller. People loved it. Not surprisingly.
 Well, he would, wouldn't he? If no one was there to check, wouldn't you say, yeah, it was fine. Yeah,
 I stayed in OK hotel. Yeah, you're right. Do you think the men in the bar who were betting that a woman
 could never cycle around the world? Do you think they existed or were they just a fiction to get her to
 do this trip? I don't know. You can imagine men betting that? I thought the idea was that they were
 just making those kind of bets and she thought, oh yeah, that's because they call it the age of
 round the world bets. No one's ever traced them in. She made them up. Yeah. But nonetheless, very cool.
 I found that a lady called Julianne Burring was the first lady to cycle actually around the world.
 And the rules started in it was in 2012, which staggers me. I know. Yeah, it's weird, isn't it? You would have
 thought they'd done it ages ago. Yeah, but when we say actually we mean without taking a boat most of the
 way, which to be fair, it's what Annie London do, he did. Yeah, yeah. So there are official rules about it.
 I think these must be Guinness World Record rules. You have to cycle the same distance as the circumference
 of the earth, which is 24,900 miles. You have to go in one direction and start and finish in the same
 place. So you are allowed to go by sea and air, but do you have to cycle at least 18,000 miles of the
 route? So that's the rules. And she actually, Miss Burring, she had only been riding a road bike
 properly for eight months, which is not quite the same as, you know, learning the day before, but still,
 it's not much training. Yeah, she's not pro, is she? Wow. Yeah, I thought 2012 was late. When women
 started cycling, obviously it was very controversial in the 19th century because it was thought of as
 inappropriate thing for women to be doing. And New York newspaper released a list of rules for women
 cycling, a list of advice, which included things like don't try to ride in your brother's clothes
 just to see how it feels. Don't scream if you meet a cow. If she sees you first, she will run.
 And don't use bicycle slang. Leave that to the boys. Bicycle slang. Bicycle slang. It was a very
 body subject language. Yeah, it was. What about things like how not to flush their bloomers and
 well, they weren't supposed to wear bloomers at first, but then they started because they were
 much more sensible, a tighter than I think people wanted to keep women wearing proper clothing rather
 than changing for cycling. So they sold special, likely-boned corsets for ladies like those of
 the American lady corset company, which offered $100 of free bicycle insurance with every biking
 corset sold. Oh, so it came with the bike insurance was a massive thing. You used to get insurance
 if you rode the daily mail. You would have insurance against railway accidents. If you could prove it,
 you had a copy of the coupon from the paper on you when you were maimed in a railway accident,
 then you would be given £100 of insurance. Wow. The handy thing to have around. Yeah, I love the
 original title of the bicycle because it wasn't originally called bicycle. I mean, there was a more
 primitive version of a bicycle. Yeah, called the Velocipede. Yeah. Isn't that great? Velocipede. Velocipede.
 Yeah, it sounds so much speedier and cooler. Yeah. I thought I thought you would say they didn't want
 women's cycles. It was dangerously liberating. What was that? You can move around more. You can move
 to the next village and find maybe another man, not the man that, you know, you're Uncle wanted to
 marry. The thing that I love about any London dairy is she just, it's of that period. I mean, I think
 we still have people like that living today. But when you read stories about them, it's like, I'm
 going to cycle the world. Oh, I don't know how to cycle kind of things. It's just these brilliant
 eccentric who just went off and did these huge, yeah, endurance feats like Mary Kingsley. I look
 at her and just go, what an extraordinary person. She just went off and did it in a time where she
 was told you shouldn't be doing that. She was an explorer. Well, yeah, she was an explorer. She,
 yeah, she went to West Africa. She used to do this thing. Whenever she would rock up to a tribe
 that would just, you know, not necessarily had any contact. And she was told, in majority of these
 places, they will just kill you on sight. And her thing was she just didn't care. She just used to
 run into the villages and just yell, don't worry, it's only me. And she actually survived the war.
 It's amazing. On round the world stuff, another random connection, the first ship to travel around
 the world twice was called HMS Dolphin. It was in the 1760s, but it was captain by Lord Byron's
 grandfather. And he was the same guy who named and claimed the folkland islands. So when he was on
 HMS Dolphin, he bumped into the folkland and went, can I call these folklands and King George,
 they yours. He was very accident prone. He was called Fowl Weather Jack. That was his nickname.
 Whenever he went, he had an amazing, unerring knack of sailing into massive storms and hurricanes
 and tempests. Oh god. Really? Yeah. So you can imagine the crews delight when they saw him walking
 up the gang bank. Oh great. Hey guys. It's going to be funny. Have you all brought your umbrellas?
 Okay, time for our final fact of the show and that is Andy Murray. Okay, my fact is when squirrels
 are attacked by snakes, they increase their blood pressure so much that the tail gives off more
 infrared radiation and it makes them look bigger. That is really cool. Just the tail or the rest of
 the squirrel as well. Just the tail really. Yeah, I should specify this is with Californian ground squirrels
 and it's when they're doing with rattlesnakes. Now rattlesnakes can see an infrared and so when
 they are confronted, they heat up their tail deliberately, they increase the temperature and then
 they wave it in the snake's face. To these snakes infrared sensing organs, it looks as though there's
 a much larger creature there and when they see other snakes, they don't do it. They do wave their tail
 around but they know that the rattlesnake can see an infrared. Yeah, they know the rattlesnake can see
 infrared even though the squirrel can't see an infrared. It knows the rattlesnake can and when it's
 when it meets a gopher snake which can't see an infrared, it doesn't do it. I mean, it doesn't know
 it can see an infrared. It's evolved to learn that the rattlesnake doesn't like it. Maybe it's just a
 coincidence, happy coincidence. But as Helen says, it's not, it doesn't see a huge animal, it sees a
 small squirrel with a gigantic tail. Yeah. Is that what was happening. And they're scared of
 tails? They can't do that. They're afraid of tails. They're afraid of tails. They've got their own
 lethal tails. Yeah. There's a there's a type of squirrel where it's genitals of 40% the length of
 its body. So I wonder whether rattlesnakes are, I'm not bothered. And that squirrel can autopolate.
 Yeah, it gives it self-polation. Oh goodness. Yeah. Yeah. That is a good claim again. I saw a photo of it
 and its testicles are 20% the length of its body and it's just outrageous. If you see them in infrared,
 they're twice as big as that. Yeah. These are South African ground squirrels.
 Someone worked out that if, if they were humans, they'd have a 35-centimeter scrotum.
 It's inconvenient, isn't it? Yeah. On a bicycle, especially.
 Apparently in 2007 in Iran, they arrested 14 squirrels on suspicion of espionage.
 That's wonderful. So what were the squirrels doing in Iran?
 Well, they thought that they'd been all kitted up by the enemy to go in and do squirrel espionage.
 Were they kitted up? What? With magnifying glasses. It's a tool that squirrels see.
 They've got a collection of cars. They've got rashes.
 Because if I got a squirrel like carrying in a nigma machine or something, I would actually be
 suspicious that something was going on. Yeah. Someone is going to a lot of effort for a YouTube
 viral certainly. Yeah. A lot of defense mechanisms are extraordinary though, aren't they?
 Because some of them were obvious, like making yourself look big. But others, them like,
 there's a, there's a, the horned lizards in Texas can shoot blood after five feet out of its eyes.
 But then it's lost a third of its blood. So it's not exactly 15-50 feet.
 Has to go up and collect all the blood. Yeah, but you wouldn't, you wouldn't have, if I was,
 you know, picking my own fish in a restaurant tank and one shot blood out of its eyes,
 probably bigger different fish. Yeah, um.
 Baroness CQ come as well. They shoot their internal organs out of their anuses.
 You think, well, that's really going to scare an enemy, isn't it? Oh, look. I've had a prolapse.
 They shoot their intestines. I mean, that's intestines. They just, like, that's a pretty
 severe bullet to get to the face. It is a very bold. How'd you get them back in? Is it like on a spring?
 They just grow new ones. Yeah, I really take ages. So I'll see CQ come as well. Cool.
 There are squirrels which can do other things as well. So one of California ground squirrels,
 they chew on old skins from rattlesnakes and then they lick themselves and their pups.
 And this makes them smell half like a squirrel and half like a snake. And it means that the snakes
 leave them alone and they've tested on snakes. They've given them stuff that smells like squirrels,
 like snakes, and then this half and half mix. And they only go for the stuff which smells
 exclusively like a squirrel. So that's how they protect themselves. Other ones have ultrasound.
 Squirrels are incredible. What's the thing you were telling me about eagles the other day with squirrels?
 Yeah, they, oh, if they're being hunted by a bird of prey, they will go round and round a tree
 very first to disorient the bird, which will sort of just start sparring and then crash into the
 branches of the tree and be embarrassed. I'll have to leave because of its embarrassment.
 And they're just, they're amazing. Yeah. That sounds like something out of a cartoon.
 It does, isn't it? Sure. Squirrels versus rattlesnakes does seem like a classic cartoon setup.
 Oh, they've got to do that. In the like alien versus predator series and their whole series of
 films, they've got to do squirrels versus rattlesnakes. Yeah, and it wouldn't be much worse than the
 most recent alien versus predator films. So is it definitely that it's not an intimidation thing
 to the rattlesnake? It's that they think it's bigger because I already think where it said that
 what it in fact does, it says to the rattlesnake that I know that you're there.
 Rather than being a sort of like, whoa, that's a big squirrel, better not
 mess with that one. I don't know if they know exactly what effect they think they're having
 on the rattlesnake. And I'll ask whether it's the attack or defense or anything like that.
 But yeah, it seems to have the desired effect. Yeah, okay, yeah.
 It would just probably shock them in the same way that cats do it. I mean,
 lots of animals do it, don't they? That's why we get goose bumps. Well, they think that.
 What should we look bigger? Yeah, so it's not the most functional defense thing.
 It's all the hair, right? It's a hangover from when we were covered in hair.
 Okay. People think all the hairs rise up. Yeah, and therefore you look slightly bigger
 and more intense. Very so. I mean, I agree. It's a shit defense mechanism.
 What you look like, you've just been blow-dried. Yeah, and that's scary.
 Yeah, that is scary. He looks after himself, but he knows it's a fight.
 Yeah, that's true. Speaking of things that shoot out of the eyeballs,
 so the toady we're just talking about. Do you guys know about the Mongolian deathworm?
 No. Okay. So no one's technically seen a Mongolian deathworm.
 Okay, the made up deathworm. Yeah, it's a cryptid. It's a lie. It's a lie. It's a cryptid.
 There are people in Mongolia who claim to have seen it. It's definitely a cryptid,
 but what I like about it is its defense mechanism is that it can shoot acid from its eyes,
 and lightning bolts from its ass. What? Yeah. Yeah. This made up creature can shoot lightning
 off it. Sorry, who came up with this? It's a Mongolian fiction. Fiction.
 All right. Yeah, that is incredible. We should be able to utilize that in science somehow.
 Lightning bolts from the ice. Lightning from an anus. It's like Dan's crypto corner,
 isn't it? Every week. And if you spot where it is, you let us know and you'll win a book.
 It's a particular kind of amp that can shoot a nuclear holocaust.
 There is a termite though that explodes if you're eating it. So if it gets eaten by its prey,
 it kind of suicide bombs itself, and it takes out the prey that's eating it.
 Now we are and see through fiction, we found our way back to facts. Can I tell you one more
 thing about squirrels? Yeah. Okay. So there are there are Arctic ground squirrels and they
 hibernate for eight months of the year, but when they're hibernating, their body temperature drops
 to minus three degrees Celsius, which is the lowest body temperature any mammal has ever been recorded
 as having as in right in the middle its core is minus three. How do they do that? Well, some fish do
 the same thing. It's called being super cool and they live in sub zero temperatures, but they know
 how the fish do it because they have a kind of antifreeze in their blood, but the squirrels don't
 don't have that. So they have no idea how they do it. Also on squirrels, they plant more trees than
 humans do because 74% of the nuts they bury, they forget where they put them. Wow. Idiots. Idiots.
 It was the two busy auto-forlating. Goose bumps, which we were talking about, gray books.
 Oh yeah. Are all fine. Excellent. Be tweeted me once. That was the most exciting moment.
 Well, I tweeted him forosey to the night. Did he just tweet you saying, "Wooo!"
 Sorry Emma. Sorry. Is it a way of bumpy texture?
 But goose bumps are called hen bumps in French and Spanish, chicken bumps in Dutch and Chinese
 and duck bumps in Hebrew. But there's a real poultry theme. There's definitely a poultry theme.
 Everyone's got the same idea and they've just gone slightly different ways with it.
 I think when you call Turkey, it has something to do with that as well. When people are coming off
 drugs, they get massive goose bumps and people are like, "Well, that's like when you've got a turkey
 that you've plucked." Oh really? Okay. Turkey's which have been plucked do look like that.
 Like like heroin addicts.
 Pete docketies. Look. Put Pete in the oven for four four hours.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thanks so much everyone for listening to this show.
 If you want to talk to any of us about the things that we said during the course of this episode,
 you can get us all on our Twitter handles. I'm on @SriberlandAndy@AndrewHunterM. Helen. Helen Zoltzman.
 And what, how can they follow the podcast? Oh, they can go to answer me this podcast.com
 for all of the podcast information they want about that podcast. Yep, and Anna.
 You can email podcast@sriberland.com. Okay, still not on Twitter.
 You can also go to our website and hear all the previous episodes that we've done. That's on
 no such thing as a fish.com. And yep, we'll see you again next week with another episode of No Such Thing
 as a fish. Goodbye. Hey, everybody. One more thing before we go. If you live in the UK and you have
 a television tune into BBC 2 at 8.30 p.m. on Monday night to watch only connect where you can watch
 the QILs, James, Andy and Anne take on all of the country's best buffens, geeks, dorks, nerd burgers,
 all of our favorite people. And you can see how they do. We'll be tweeting it and following it
 live as it goes out so you can talk to us as it goes along. And yeah, let's see how they do.
 Catch you next week.
 (upbeat music)
