 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's bonus compilation episode of no such thing as a fish,
 some of the best bits that I couldn't quite fit in the edit of all the shows that we've done
 over the last three or four months. Yes, this is an extra special treat for all of you,
 because you've listened so loyally for so long, you're getting this episode and you're getting it
 with no adverts. We're not going to ask you to order home delivered meals or delicious international
 beer or clothes perfectly sculpted to your figure. Anna, this is now an advert at the sticker.
 It's so cool, I've done it to an advert, I can't help it. Well, there is one thing we are actually
 going to ask people to do because this boneless episode comes with one little tiny string attached
 to it and that's that it is for charity. This is raising money. This episode for a charity called
 the Care Workers Charity. We'll be telling you a bit more about them in a bit, but it's a fantastic
 and very worthy cause. And so your listening is being co-opted in the name of that course.
 That's right. This episode is absolutely free. It is completely free. You don't have to donate if
 you don't want to, but if you do have a few quid to spare, we would really, really appreciate it.
 Just to stress how really important it is that we're all giving money to charity at the moment,
 it's obviously a time when a lot of charities need huge amounts of money because of COVID and it's
 coinciding with the time where people are not giving money to charity. So the charity sector has
 lost billions and billions of pounds over the last few months because of COVID because people are
 just really struggling and so there's no more vital time to be able to donate any money that you can
 spare. All you have to do is go to qi.com/donate or just giving.com/nstaf and either one will take you
 to the place you need. Okay, I'm with a podcast.
 Sorry, just on ancient sausages. I was looking at who invented the hotdog, which is quite
 hard to find, but I found where the first sausages were supposedly invented. This is an article
 from BBC History and they said that the Emperor Nero had a cook called Gayas and in Roman times you
 would starve your pigs for one week before you slaughter them, but Gayas was watching over his
 kitchen and realised that one of his pigs had not been properly cleaned. So he stuck a knife into
 the belly of the pig to see if the roast was edible and out popped an intestine. Okay, and because
 the pig had been starved, it had puffed up because of the heat and Gayas explained, "I have discovered
 something of great importance." And it was the sausage. Well, cool. It's a great story. Don't believe
 that story. Well, no, it's history. BBC History. BBC History, mate. Well, no, it's an account.
 Well, who made up the account? I think it's, I don't know who wrote it,
 who wrote about Nero Day of Casio, someone like that. Oh, yeah, maybe, probably.
 Wow. Yeah. So that was, because they had, they did have sausages, didn't they?
 They did have sausages in Romans, yeah. Yeah. Who used to think it hasn't come from this great
 discovery of great importance? And when you do discover something like that, you're
 going to write about it. It seems weird to us these days. Why would you write about the first
 sausage? Back then, that's like the iPod coming out. Nero's on stage at the forum. Turtle neck,
 the eye sausage. One group who are interested in earthworms is the RG.
 The RG. You're appearing in the search group? The Brexitee... Jacob Rees Muggie group, yeah.
 No, it's the earthworm research group who work in Britain. They're one of the main groups
 of earthworm researchers in the country. And ironically, considering they have a same name
 as the RG Brexitees, they mostly deal with overseas projects with people like Finland,
 France, Ireland, Italy, Poland, and Spain. Wow. So for them, Brexite is really bad. This RG, yeah.
 So it's like an ERG versus ERG debate right now. I want to see that fight. Yeah. Between Jacob
 Rees Muggie and this head of the earthworm research group. I'd back anyone who's on the other end
 against Jacob Rees Muggie. Although he does have that cane a lot of the time.
 'Cause he's a pimp. Pimp's okay. So I don't think he carries a cane, does he?
 I'm not very keen on a Victorian master. I think I'm accidentally thinking of a caricature
 of a Victorian gentleman, because that's how people portray him, aren't I?
 Or you're thinking of Wes Wally, who he does have a similar look to Barring the Clothes.
 There's glasses. Yeah, he has a cane. Walks around with a cane. Yeah, he does. It's a walking stick,
 yeah. That's a cane. Yeah. Why does Wes Wally have a cane? He's walking a lot. Yeah,
 because he has to get to all the different parts of the page. Yeah. It's a walking stick,
 like someone up a mountain, not someone who... Oh, okay. He came from an old person, for example.
 No, no, okay. Because he's middle-aged. Oh, I don't like that. Where's Wally?
 Young to middle-aged. I think young. I mean, I am quite old. It's a young man's game.
 Wally. There was a place I read about which was called
 Loudon County. I think I'm pronouncing that right. It's an America. And supposedly, so it's in
 Virginia, supposedly 70% of the world's online traffic passes through this one county.
 Yeah, so they have all the storage units there. And so, yeah, this was an article that I was reading.
 So it's the largest concentration, this article says, of computing power.
 And according to Greenpeace in 2017, 1% of the electricity company that runs all of the electricity
 in this one place, only 1% of it is renewable sources. So it's incredibly unhealthy. So if we're
 talking about online carbon footprint... If I go to this town, can I find everyone's emails?
 Yeah, you're saying to me. But they're wishing through so fast. You need a net.
 Oh, you need a net. Yeah. Is that what the net is? Yeah, that's what the net is.
 Have you heard of eal houses? No. It's cool. There are two of these things in the UK, two only.
 And it's where you build a house over a river, and you have slew skates, which are designed to
 trap eals. So they're built in the middle ages. And you can, and you just, you know, trap all the eals
 as they head down the river once they feel the call. They're quite good at getting past obstacles,
 aren't they? So, you know, you've got to build a good gate. So they're really good slithering along
 the ground. And they can climb up dams and climb over them and stuff like that. And I think people
 when eals get obstructed by slightly too big dams, if you've got like a hoover situation,
 then people have built little eal ladders. So you can knit together reeds and stuff and they can
 climb up high. That's very like snakes and ladders, isn't it, eals and ladders? Yeah. The snakes are
 climbing the ladders. Oh my god. The game has changed. I was watching the cartoon cars the other day,
 you know, the Pixar. Yeah. So they're NASCAR cars in cars. And one of the things is that he goes into
 the wild and he gets lost at night because he doesn't have headlights. And I thought, okay, that's
 interesting. And I was reading into this. So NASCAR's don't have headlights for their cars. But when you
 look at them, they do, right? They're stickers. The headlights that you see on a NASCAR are stickers
 that are just put on there to look like they have real headlights. How do they light up? I don't think
 they, well, there's new technology where they do actually just have little beams that come out,
 but they don't need. I mean, that's a headlight. No, but still the sticker. So it's still, yeah,
 it's not a functioning headlight. Why? Why do they? Because presumably the races are at daytime or
 they're flood lit if they're later on in the day. So they don't need headlights to function in the race.
 Exactly. Yeah. So why do they do it? It's all to do with the manufacturers. In getting it past,
 they need the shape of the body to have the headlights spot. So apparently, it's to do with stock,
 but then they're not functional. So they just put stickers over the top. Because otherwise,
 it wouldn't be identified as a car or something. Exactly. Yeah. Can I just check? In the film cars,
 when the car goes into the wild, presumably he goes into the wild to the extent that there are
 well-tarmac surfaces in the wild. Yes. Okay, fine. So he just stays on roads, does he? He stays on
 roads. Yeah. No, he goes into the wild west of America. He goes off track. Yeah. But not literally
 off track. He goes literally off track in a sense of he goes on races in the sort of the dirty outback.
 Okay. But there's always a track there. No? Yeah, sometimes when he goes off the track,
 the dirty outback is a horrible phrase. Could we just vlog that? Could it probably yourself be referring to?
 The world record for cycling backwards is 333 kilometres in a day. And this is done by an Australian guy
 called Helinger. And he sits on top of his handlebars and faces backwards and then cycles forward. He
 cycles. The bike is going forward, but he's facing backwards. Yes. And he's sitting on his handlebars.
 Yeah. Yeah. He said, I first started riding backwards when I was a teenager to impress the girls.
 He's still single. Yeah. Ladies. He's married. He's married. Oh, great. That's so impressive. I mean,
 where was he doing this? Was it on roads? It was on roads, yeah. Was it on the island of roads?
 It was in Australia on roads. Okay. Because they've got a lot of, I guess, quite quiet roads.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. A lot of long roads. Yeah. Dirty back passengers.
 Do you know where you can make pie out of hot dogs and do you know the recipe?
 Do you just, do you make the pastry and then put the whole hot dog in? Do you put the bread in the
 pastry? No, this is, I'm going to tell you the recipe and tell me when you know what joke I'm
 making. So the recipe is you drop frozen hot dogs onto a grid where the lines are further apart
 in length and the length of the hot dog. So that, you know, none of the lines are closer together
 than the length of the hot dog. I've got it. He's got it. It's James Harkin for the win.
 What am I doing? It's you're working out the mathematical number pie. It's the mathematical
 number pie. If you don't want to do it the normal way, which is remembering that it's 3.14,
 like we all know, you can, you do this. So it's really cool. So you basically toss a bunch of hot dogs,
 let's say a hundred hot dogs onto this grid and then you multiply the dog length by the number of
 dogs tossed and then you times that by two. So that's on the top of the equation. Right. And then
 you divide that by the distance between the lines and the number of dogs that have crossed over the
 lines. Okay. And then you will get the answer to what pie is. That's how it was originally worked out
 as well, wasn't it? Yeah. Yeah. It was. Yeah. It was aerosophonies, wasn't it? It had a lot of hot dogs.
 Yeah. Yeah. He did. He had cholesterol issues, but he was a great mathematician. People do know why I
 don't. I had limited time, but I still think that's really cool. Yeah. I found something at this weekend
 that was spooky. You know, Andy Murray, the tennis player, the objectively muttial famous Andy Murray.
 I found out. So I found out that he and I as children both owned hamsters called whiskey.
 Ah, really? Yeah. Really? That's an amazing fact. That is weird, isn't it? That was incredible.
 Were you playing tennis before you knew he played tennis? Well, yeah, at school. Yeah, but not like not
 as a weekend kind of you had training and stuff. No, no, no. Okay. I'm just, that would have been a
 connection as well. You can't discount the tennis. I do play tennis. You play tennis. You play tennis.
 You play tennis. The fact that you won. God, that's a slam. The fact that you won six one does not mean
 I do not play tennis. It just means. I just think it's playing in pretty fast and loose with the word
 play. Do you think there was just a hamster salesman going around? Not very good imagination for names.
 Wait, you don't, you name your own hamster. You don't have the pet shop owner name your hamster tell you
 when they sell it. We don't know that though. We don't know that he wasn't very subtly brilliant.
 You didn't name whiskey hamster. I went to big Larry's hamster in Poryl and Glasgow and
 in Dubai. You were told here's whiskey hamster. Of course I made it myself. Why did you call it whiskey?
 Because at that age you probably weren't drinking whiskey. Well, funny thing. No, it was because of
 the colour. Yeah, it was whiskey coloured. Okay. Yeah, and it's not my password for anything online
 guys, so nice try. The word alcatraz means "ganet" in Spanish, but when the island was named in 1775
 it actually meant pelicans. But the Spanish word for pelicans alcatraz actually came from the Arabic
 word for C. Eagle. Oh my god, I'm so confused. But basically the birdman of alcatraz is correct.
 Not really because there weren't any birds there. He was the birdman of another prison. They just
 gave him that name. They kept the first bit of his name when he got there. I thought he kept birds
 in alcatraz. No, he kept birds in the previous prison. They didn't have birds for him on alcatraz.
 What sounds like there are a lot of birds on alcatraz. So sorry, I'm coming to get you about this,
 the Spanish changed the meaning of their word for pelican to mean "ganet". When was this law part?
 Sometimes it wasn't a law. But it was sometimes between, I'm saying it's not a law,
 I know it was a law, but it was sometimes between 1775 and the modern way. If you go, someone was
 like, you know Eagle, that now refers to a magpie. There are seaweed bladders. So there are three
 bits of a seaweed plant. There's the holdfast, which is basically the root, and then there's the
 stipe, which is the stem, and then there are the blades. So it's very all analogous to a land plant,
 but some of them have these air-filled bladders, and the purpose is to hold them upright
 so they get more sunlight, which I didn't know. But the really big ones, they can get up to six
 inches wide these bladders, which I looked it up, is as wide as a human bladder. Is it?
 Yeah. And are they looking at the potential transplants? That's a human bladder of full stretch.
 Your bladder doesn't get much bigger than that. Bladders don't get bigger than this.
 When they had the first cars, they were all hand-painted, and the paint wasn't very good,
 and so after every year all the paint will flake off your car, and so you had to take it
 back and get it repainted every single year. And it would take about 40 days to complete painting
 the whole car. 40 days. No, that is a garage ripping you out. There was because you had to paint
 it by hand, but then you had to let it dry and do another coat, and it took ages for the cars to dry.
 Wow. Isn't that amazing? Because they had electricity at this point. You could get a hairdryer
 or something, couldn't you? Yeah, I suppose you could. Well, you know when you go through a car wash,
 they'd dry it at the end, don't they? Yeah. But you'd wash off the paint in the process again
 to the dryer. Oh, god, that would be awful. You'd have to do all this again. That's why it took 40 days.
 On the 39th, they're like, hang on, hang on. You don't get a lot of flammery these days.
 Notice that? Yeah, flammery, the old-school jelly. So again, in the olden days, there was just a
 greater variety of jelly. It was like apples. It was before, you know, we went mass-market. I always
 thought it was like bulamonj flammery, is it? It is. It's bubble and mongers flammery jelly, really,
 isn't it? And so flammery was extremely popular 17th and 19th century. So it's made by apparently
 steeping oatmeal in water overnight and then boiling the strain thing you've got in the morning,
 and you add sugar, and it eventually turns into a kind of wobbly thing. And if you're wealthy,
 you had to have a huge array of flammery molds because they'd present flammery in different shapes
 on their tables. And so, and it was really popular to have flammery disguised as proper food. So
 flammery eggs and bacon was quite a common thing. So there are lots of, you know, molds where you'd
 look like you were about to eat eggs and bacon. Classic. And then you play Frank. And it's flammery.
 It's the best word. It's a great word, isn't it? And I wonder if that's where flammery comes from.
 You know, when you'd say some like flammery, it sort of falls flattery. I think so. It must be.
 But I wonder if it comes from the fact that it's false because flammery often disguised itself
 as these different delicious foods. Have you guys heard of frozen dead guy days?
 No, it doesn't sound like a thing. It's a real thing. This is an annual celebration that's held in
 the town of Netherland, Colorado. And it's basically in 1989, this is where the story begins,
 a man passed away. He was Norwegian and his grandson brought him over to America to have him frozen.
 And so they had him on ice. They brought him over. And after a few years they moved to
 Netherland and they built along with his mother, this big in their house, basically a shed that could
 just keep him going and keep him frozen. And then the son got deported. The grandson got deported
 to the mum had to look after it. And the authorities saw what was going on in the house. And she
 didn't have a few things like electricity and so on. It was a bit illegal. They discovered she had
 one bit of electricity for that, but not for the rest of the house. Anyway, her house... I'm just
 going to turn the TV on. No! Okay, you can turn the TV off for a bit. But once his ankles are
 thought out, we have to put it back on. But basically the house was in violation of local laws of
 what you need a house to be in. So she was going to be kicked out. And then they discovered that
 she was keeping her father frozen in the back. And they said, Agno, this is very illegal. So they
 wanted to get him out. And as a result, it had a lot of Hu Ha from the community saying, no, we
 can't have him thought out. He'll die. This is... They want to keep him going. So it worked out in
 their favor. And this man is still there. He's been moved to a different bit of the town. But as a
 result, they celebrate every year, Frozen Dead Guy Day. And it's a thing... The last one was in 2019
 that they had it. They have look-alike contests. They have... They have... They're being less and less
 flattering, presumably. They have... They have coffin races. And this is a thing where they build a fake
 coffin. There's an obstacle course. And they carry... It's teams of seven. And one of the seven is
 in the coffin. And they have to race around. They have frozen t-shirt competitions. There's a very
 cold area this place. They have ice cream that's made specifically for it, which has crushed
 Oreos and sour gummy worms inside. That's been a bit yummy. Bits are cool. Yeah, and it's been going on
 for all these years. So the last one was held March 8th to 10th 2019. And it looks as if they're going
 to keep going. So, when you're listening to this broadcast, you might have just missed it. Yeah,
 exactly. Wow. I mean, do you think there's any moment where she's going to think, is this
 slightly tasteless what I've done now? If... And obviously, it's the biggest if ever, if he wakes up
 at some point. He will be a local hero. Yeah. Imagine that day. That's going to be so exciting.
 Yeah, but he's going to wake up having passed away in Norway. Oh, he's going to wake up in Colorado
 with a language he probably doesn't speak with all these guys serving him ice creams. He's going to be
 weird. Do you want to know some Orkney language? Okay, teach you some. Boys, oh boys means unbelievable.
 Boys, oh boys. Boys, oh boys. B-E-U-Y-S. So I think it's boys. Okay.
 To dilder means to walk around aimlessly and slowly. Oh, yeah. I think it's a nice word that we
 can all take to just dildering around. And my favourite one is beer. The word beer means to complain
 on moan, which means it also means to wine. So the word beer means wine. Oh, that's very nice.
 Extremely confusing in the plepro pubs I'm sure they have. So grizzly bears can do one thing that I
 can't do. And that is user comb. They have been found using the comb using a comb, the only other
 species other than humans to do so. Cool. This was. They have bad peddlers going round their dens.
 This was in the Glacier Bay National Park in Alaska. And they, there was someone called Volkadeca
 from the University of St. Andrews. And Volk have found this grizzly bear picking up a rock
 from the water, looking at it, sort of turning it over, putting it back, picking another one up,
 looking at that one. And then with that sort of combing his fur with it around his muzzle. And then
 he would put it down and he would pick it up and do it again. And then Volkadeca went to have a look at
 these rocks and found that they had barnacles on them and worked out that what the bear was doing
 was looking for the right one. And the fact that he picked up the first one and then threw it away
 again means that he can discriminate between what's a good comb and what's a bad comb, which basically
 shows that he understands the fact that it's a tool. That's so cool. Isn't that amazing? I don't
 think of any rocks as being a good comb. Do they have, do they have sort of prongs on them? Well,
 they have barnacles on them. Yeah, okay, no, that does. Yeah, it'll do the job. You're a bear, you don't
 care. Yeah. Well, you've got a meeting to be smart at or something. It is legal to eat a dog.
 Yes. If it's not in all countries. True. But in this country, in the UK and in the USA, in 44
 states of the USA and here. You probably can't sell dog meat, can you? You can't sell it. But if
 it's your dog and you kill it humanely, you can do it. Yeah. People often associate South Korea
 don't they with eating dogs. And it is, there are no legal consequences for selling dog meat in
 South Korea, although it's officially classified as detestable. A lot of my behaviour is not illegal,
 but it is clearly detestable. There was a survey of Worldwide Spur Banks to see how common
 various different traits are. And so, statistically, if you get sperm from a sperm bank,
 your donor is most likely to be a Christian accountant with brown hair, brown eyes and white skin.
 And it's least likely to be a dark skinned jinjabadist. Not likely to be a 19-foot tall drawing.
 So it's least likely to be a dark skinned jinjabadist with black eyes.
 And they're very easy to sex, ohms, yeah, because they have translucent skin, so you can see the
 genitals through their skin. Wow. That's what just an aerial view you can see right through to the
 yeah, that's so great. Amazing. But they do, and the skin, this is so weird, so they're blind,
 which is, or they're nearly blind, which makes sense because they live in very, very dark
 case most of the time. But for the first four months, they do have eyes, and for the first four
 months of their life, their eyes are out on the outside, and then gradually skin grows over their eyes,
 meaning that they find it quite difficult to see. But thankfully, they can detect light with their
 skin, so it's kind of a happy story. Yeah, yeah. It's weird though, isn't it, to have functioning eyes
 that just get that they're overgrown? Yeah, they're overgrown by the thing that can also see.
 Yeah, it's weird. It's not. What's the point? Yeah. Oh, I'll just say.
 Well, there is no point James. Well, let's not look at this from the religious perspective.
 Stop the podcast. Stop the podcast. Hi, everyone. We'd like to let you know that we are not sponsored
 by anyone, but we are asking you to donate to the care workers charity. Yes, so the care workers
 charity is a charity that exists to support care workers who are having a hell of a time right now,
 as you can imagine. So either very low paid anyway, over 43% of care workers are paid below the real
 living wage. And at the moment with COVID, a lot of them are having to take a lot of time off work
 and losing even that wage. And so the care workers charity is setting up a fund where they're giving
 grants to people who are really suffering. Yes, lots of care workers have lost their income as a
 result of the crisis. There are so many care workers in the UK, two million of them, and many of
 those guys are on a low income. So anything that can be done to alleviate that pressure at this time
 is greatly appreciated. That's right. The care workers there at the absolute front of the
 coronavirus crisis at the moment, they're looking after the most vulnerable and most susceptible
 people in society. And if there's anything you could do to help, we would really, really appreciate it.
 And the thing that you can do specifically to help is you can go to qi.com/donate or just giving
 .com/nstaf, and you'll find the page where you can give money to this fantastic charity
 in exchange for listening to our weirdo facts. That's the deal. Is that a fair deal?
 Okay, on with the weirdo facts.
 And another thing that you could get dotted art was HP sauce. That was originally only sold
 dotted art. No, if you wanted HP sauce in 1905, the only way you could get it was from a
 darts darts houseman. It was invented by Edwin Sanson Moore who had a darts darts darts vinegar
 and pickle company. So you just had to wait. You just had to wait. If the darts darts
 all guy came around yesterday and he suddenly needs it, it's like, you won't be back for another
 three months. If you make a big sandwich, you better make it at the right time. Did he,
 I just, that sounds terrifying. The HP sauce man coming down the street with his,
 did he have a like a backpack full of HP sauce? He just squirt it into your home.
 What do you mean like a milkman does today? Why is that where your brain went with that?
 I don't understand. I'm just picturing him in a costume, which is the bottle of HP sauce.
 And then he sort of leans his head forward and squeezes his slides into your house.
 Disgusting. Disgusting. No, he didn't do that. No, you thought you were peddling license
 remote. You know how you're saying that 11 can mean like a bad car. You know the limon rally.
 Yes. Have you heard of the lemon? No. So this is a real thing. It's in America.
 And the rules are that you have to drive a car that is valued at less than $500. So you have to
 drive a really terrible car. And before you turn up, they look at all the cars and they put you into
 three categories. Either shit car, really shit car, or probably not going to finish the race car.
 And the price is a better for the worst cars. So you get more dollars if you're driving a really,
 really shit car. And the way that they work it out that you can't cheat is because at the end of
 the race, according to the rules, they're allowed to purchase any vehicle for $500. So if you turn
 up with a Bugatti or something, then they by law have to be able to buy it off you for $500. That's
 price in their history. They've looked at it and gone, you know what, that's worth more than $500.
 I want to buy it off you. That's so funny. Isn't that cool? That's great. Is that in America?
 In America, yeah. And there's a load of, I mean, it's a bit silly, but there's a load of rules. So
 if you kind of break some laws, you might have to get out of your car and run around the track
 singing, "I'm a little teapot." It's a bit of a silly thing, but it's kind of cool. Do you have to do
 the gestures as well? I think you do. You would have to. It's about on the song, yeah. Yeah, you're right.
 Does anyone have any more on the manchineal specifically? Well, what I can say is, so the manchineal
 belongs to a genus called euphobia. And there's a more famous plants that comes from that genus,
 and that is the poinsettia. So it's basically the same thing. And the Christmas thing, there's like
 red Christmas plants, and they're also a little bit kind of poisonous. There's a myth that they kill
 dogs, isn't there, and stuff like that, I think. They're not quite that poisonous, but they are quite
 poisonous. And the reason I find this really interesting. The reason we have poinsettias at Christmas
 is because there was a family called the Eek family, ECKE. I don't know if that's how you pronounce it.
 And they found a way to make the poinsettia bloom in the winter, because it's actually a summer plant.
 And when they did that, they wanted to sell it, but they didn't know how to do this.
 And so they sent it to loads of TV studios around Christmas time in the hope that the TV studios
 who just wanted to put something in the background will put this poinsettia in the background.
 And it just so happened that this was just when color television had started. And so all the producers
 were like, well, look at this red plant. This is going to show up really well on the new color TV.
 And so all of the TV shows around that time started putting poinsettias in their Christmas shows.
 And then that's why today you'll might have these in your house at Christmas.
 That's really cool. It's a mistletoe a bit poisonous as well.
 Yeah. So we're just surrounding ourselves in poisons during the Christmas period.
 Yeah. It's exciting. Just don't eat it. Don't eat mistletoe.
 Yeah. And don't eat Holly as well. That's going to sting on the way down.
 Yeah. On the way out.
 Don't eat the plants. Don't eat my plant.
 Okay, I get it. I get it. I'm sorry. I'm sorry. I won't do it again.
 See the food. I actually did this once. So which thing? The miniaturization thing.
 I'll explain better. At the end of university, sometimes they take a photo of all of you,
 you know, on your graduation day and your gowns and things.
 Yeah. And they to get you to buy the photo of your whole year at university, they send you a tiny,
 like a two inch by three inch photo of your whole year at university.
 And you can't really see yourself. You can't see who anyone is.
 No, but it's just to encourage you to splat out on the main thing.
 I just kept the miniaturization on and framed that.
 Amazing.
 My home. I've got a tiny photo of my whole year at university.
 I can't tell where I am.
 Do you have a memory of where you were on the day?
 No. I don't know. Not anymore. No, it's been too long.
 So I'm in there. I'm in there though. That's the main thing.
 Are you sure? Are you? It's what actually happened.
 You didn't graduate and you said to your parents, oh, look, I'm in this picture.
 That's me, the little blob in the car.
 I'm wearing the same clothes. You really can't tell.
 That's kind of like a caricature of some sort of de-kenzy and parsimonious, you know, stingy bastard.
 Well, if you see that on the wall.
 I've saved about 25 pounds by doing that. Thank you very much.
 And 10 years later, when I can't see myself and my own graduation, it's worth it.
 I can't ring up now and say, have you got that info?
 I'm willing to, I've decided I'm willing to buy it. I've made a decision.
 Do you know that before they had bumper stickers?
 So bumper stickers were invented by this guy called Forest Gill.
 And it was in the 50s, I think, late 50s.
 But before that, drivers would have handmade placards that they tie to their cards with pieces of twine.
 So if you wanted to say who you're going to vote for in the election,
 you would just get a placard and tie it to your car.
 It's not cool. You just tie a bit of card to your car.
 Really cool. I can't. I'm trying to figure out where you'd tie it.
 Maybe onto those roof rack bars, if you've got those.
 I think where your bumper is, maybe.
 Yeah, it would be about this.
 You would just have a small placard when you, the size of a sticker, almost.
 How do you, what do you tie it around?
 The bumper.
 I'm going to have to see, I forgot my card.
 I saw this amazing tweet by this guy called Frank Paul, who's like a quizmer in the UK.
 And he found this Wikipedia article about a movie called Okay Connery.
 Have you heard about this?
 So this was like a spoof of James Bond made in Italy.
 And the way it started is Neil Connery, who is Sean Connery's brother,
 was working as a plasterer in Scotland.
 And he was sacked for losing his tools.
 And then this got into the tab like newspaper.
 This really has his all real.
 Oh, I thought you meant they'd made all this up.
 No, no, no, so this Neil Connery is real.
 He was working as a plasterer.
 He lost his tools and he got fired.
 And so it was in all the newspapers that Sean Connery's brother's just been fired for losing his tools.
 And when this guy who was making a movie,
 almost a minute slow news day.
 And then these people in Italy kind of heard about this.
 And they saw him in interviews on the local news.
 And he sounded just like Sean Connery.
 And so they thought, why don't we make a movie with Neil Connery,
 where he's pretending to be James Bond.
 And they made this movie called "Okay, Connery", which is apparently terrible.
 Which is, yeah, why does it sound incredible?
 And apparently also it was filmed without any live sounds.
 Neil Connery had appendicitis when they were filming it.
 And it was really sick and he couldn't really speak properly.
 So we got Sean in to dub it.
 But we added all the voices in later in the film.
 So everyone's licksinking and they added all the voices later on.
 And apparently it's one of the worst films ever.
 That sounds, that does sound amazing.
 It's incredible.
 I was looking on Reddit.
 And there is a bit on Reddit called TIFU,
 which means today I fucked up.
 And someone posted TIFU.
 Today I fucked up by putting "I voted stickers on my nipples for the sake of getting in my husband's pants."
 It was painful to remove.
 "Do not do this, no matter how sexy."
 Just goes into a load of details about how they got stuck on her nipples.
 And she couldn't remove them, no matter what she did.
 Oh, but it's so sexy!
 No, no matter how sexy it is, Anna, you mustn't do it.
 I'm gonna do it, hurry that.
 She said, "When I pulled on it, my nipple is stretched sideways, almost bringing me to tears."
 Oh gosh.
 I said, weirdly, the thing I remember from a while ago, Reddit.
 They've never done really any advertising,
 probably except for one thing, which is they spent $500.
 And I think this is in the whole history of Reddit.
 They spent $500 on promotional stickers.
 Okay.
 It's the only advertising they've ever done.
 Okay, one put them sort of around.
 Yeah, I guess so.
 Just some people's nipples.
 And they're still there to this day.
 So it's very well spent advertising money, actually.
 If you want to get sperm from a bee, it's really difficult, right?
 Because they're quite small.
 They don't make much sperm.
 And presumably, if you aren't trying to force them out,
 would be it will try to sting you?
 Probably will.
 Yeah, so what you do is you pick up your little drone bee,
 and then you squeeze its abdominal muscles
 to mimic a natural mating event.
 Okay.
 And then the pressure exposes the bee's penis.
 Bee's penis.
 Bee's penis.
 Yeah.
 And a little speck of semen comes out.
 And you have to do it loads of times,
 because obviously you need lots of semen, right?
 If you're going to use it, you don't just want one little speck
 and you need lots of specks.
 But the problem is that just like in real life,
 if a drone has sex, it immediately dies.
 And this is what happens to these bees as well.
 They basically go to the sperm donor's bank
 and never come back.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, wow.
 That's an even worse environment
 than the normal human donation places.
 If you have to go into a room full of corpses of previous donors.
 I'm sorry. So is this not what you're into?
 So I've read a whole thing about sort of
 toy logistics these days.
 And it's a nightmare for toy shop owners
 who as soon as a craze comes in,
 they have to basically buy quick and sell quick.
 And then they don't know what the next thing's going to be.
 So you can't stock up.
 You can't really pre-plan it.
 So it's a real painful.
 They have like a tie fair every year,
 don't they?
 Or they have a few of them where everyone says,
 this is going to be the next big thing.
 This is going to be the next big thing.
 Who knows what it's going to be.
 It's like exciting, really.
 Yeah.
 But it's the opposite of what the beany baby people did.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, do you remember the deliberately restricted supply?
 Did that?
 Yeah.
 That was our fidget spinner, really.
 Wasn't it the beany baby?
 That was our phrase.
 No, I was too old for that.
 Oh, no.
 You were the spinning top, obviously.
 But I was the wheel of the stick.
 Who used to run down those streets in Laikershire?
 Rolled it by wheel.
 So they basically had loads of beany babies,
 but they said we're only going to sell this many of them
 so that they were tomorrow.
 Yeah, they would risk it.
 This toyship owner, she said that normally,
 toy sales reps come into your store.
 And they try and sell you as they say,
 please buy as many units as you can.
 The beany babies reps will come in.
 And you'd say, please, I need a beany baby
 elephant to sell to my clients.
 And they'd say, no.
 And it was really.
 Well, it was their way of, it was basically
 like the diamond cartel.
 They were just driving up demand as much.
 They couldn't, it really worked.
 That's, that's balsy, isn't it?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So clever.
 It was the only days of kind of using technology
 to spy on these shopkeepers, basically,
 because the beany baby makers
 would keep exact records of precisely what beany babies
 they'd been selling and how well they'd been doing it.
 And they would confiscate various beany babies
 from if they weren't doing it very well.
 And they wouldn't let big shops like Toys or Us
 or Walmart stock them, because they didn't want to
 invalidate the brand.
 And it sounded bizarre.
 And the only way that you could get them
 was to call a sales rep and then have a conversation
 with the sales rep and sort of reveal secrets
 about what the kids in your shop were saying
 about what beany babies they liked.
 Wow.
 So they could get the inside scoop.
 Wow.
 It's no wonder you millennials are self-fucked up.
 There was a 1904 carousel up for auction.
 Very beautiful.
 There was a park in Cleethorpe's selling it.
 Pleasure Island, it was called.
 And there were no bids.
 And the reserve price was £180,000.
 Because obviously it's a huge, you know,
 complicated, beautiful bit of machinery.
 And then just before bidding clothes,
 there was one bid for £180,000.
 And it was sold.
 And the owners must have thought,
 "Oh, thank goodness we've managed to sell this carousel."
 And it turns out it was from a Lincoln Sherman
 who had been trying to close the window
 and accidentally pressed bid.
 And he had legally bought it.
 He was in the hole with fees for £245,000.
 Oh no.
 Is there no safety net for that kind?
 Well, as they pointed out,
 the bid button is in the middle of the screen,
 not the top corner where they hadn't put bid next to the X
 or anything like that.
 Eventually, they let him off the hook
 and they did not force him to spend his entire life
 savings on a carousel.
 I think that's fair enough.
 Given that I get, you know,
 if I'm on the most irrelevant website and tried to leave it,
 it'll say, "Are you sure you want to leave this site?"
 I think in the very least, they should have that box pop up.
 Yeah, are you sure you want to spend
 a quarter million pounds on the carousel?
 Actually, no.
 So funny.
 I was trying to find out how you fit
 that many clowns in a car.
 It turns out it's very simple.
 You just get a car and you remove everything.
 Literally everything from it.
 You know, seats and what else is in a car?
 Ashtray.
 The steering wheel.
 Ashtray.
 I think you keep the steering wheel.
 You keep one or two things.
 But then, the record,
 and you have to fortify the springs as well
 because it's normally a reasonably small car
 for comedy purposes.
 And the record for the number of clowns in a car
 is 31 in a Citroen 2CV,
 which is quite a small car.
 Yeah, that is not socially distancing.
 No.
 It's the opposite.
 No.
 Were they children?
 Or were they?
 No, they were.
 They were, I believe, human adult clowns.
 It feels like that's too many.
 As in, if I had to guess how many clowns
 you could get in a Citroen,
 I would have gone way under.
 Like way, way, way under.
 But that's, well, I think that's why it's a world record.
 I think...
 No, I do see that, but it's...
 I would have thought that the world record
 would be just a little bit more
 than I could possibly imagine.
 But this is a lot more than I could possibly imagine.
 Freethin clowns.
 Yeah.
 Have you guys heard of the Great Corn Cobb fire?
 No.
 Of 1958.
 Oh, the 1950s, oh no.
 Yeah, of course.
 Yeah.
 Okay, this was in Memphis, Tennessee.
 And the Quakers, Quakers, Quaker Oats, the firm,
 they used corn cobs at the time to get a particular chemical.
 And they had a stockpile at their plant
 of 70,000 tons of corn cobs, okay?
 Wow.
 Imagine the size of that.
 It was six stories high.
 And some people noticed in 1958,
 oh, the pile of corn cobs is really smoldering a lot.
 And it burst and deflamed.
 It spontaneously combusted because the heat
 had been generated inside it.
 And even so, this huge massive corn cob fire,
 and even worse, as it burned,
 it formed a kind of shell over its surface.
 It kind of crusted over with this chemical,
 which could not, which reflected the water back
 onto the firefighters, basically.
 They had to use bulldozers to crash into this massive pile,
 but just to inject the water
 through this weird surface that it formed.
 Surringe it through.
 Basically, yeah.
 I know.
 I want to see the TV show Chernobyl.
 Very good show.
 I want to see the sequel, which is about this,
 because it seems like it's almost as exciting, right?
 Cornobyl.
 Corn cobble.
 Corn cobble.
 Corn cobble.
 There you go.
 It's good that you showed us your working for that joke.
 Yeah.
 Thanks.
 I have a historical use of Lufa's,
 which may have changed the course of the Second World War.
 Wow.
 So, a Lufa was used in the Second World War
 to convince Churchill of a point, okay?
 So, he was in a boat in 1943.
 He was sailing to America to discuss war strategy
 with President Roosevelt, right?
 And this was in the planning of D-Day,
 and there was one thing they used in D-Day,
 which were called these mulberry harbors.
 And they basically were large floating platforms
 that were slightly out at sea.
 And if you had those out at sea,
 then in, you know, closer to shore,
 the waters would become.
 So that was incredibly useful for landing troops,
 because it means you don't have to have
 choppy waters while you're trying to get troops on shore.
 So, Churchill was in the bath on this ship in the Atlantic,
 and his scientific advisor, Professor John Bernal,
 was trying to teach him about these mulberry harbors,
 and he used a Lufa as an example.
 He put some paper boats in Churchill's bath
 with Churchill in it, and then he stirred the water around,
 and he used a Lufa to say, "Look,
 this is, if we had a giant Lufa,
 this is how we protect our ships."
 And that was how the Lufa helped to win the war, basically.
 Wow.
 And that's why at D-Day,
 they also had those massive rubber ducks
 on either side of it as well.
 (laughter)
 But I would hope as Prime Minister of the United Kingdom,
 we could have a bath in peace.
 That people will come in and meet you.
 No, Churchill was famous for it, wasn't he?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's interesting, because now, I think it would be,
 and like now, it's a charming eccentricity
 to look back on Churchill having a bath
 and having scientific advice on the bath.
 But if we heard that Boris Johnson or Donald Trump
 by having meetings in the bath.
 We would be completely unsurprised.
 (laughter)
 You know drafts.
 Yes.
 Yeah, drafts, it turns out, has been solved.
 Okay.
 There is now, there is now a,
 there is now no point in playing draft
 because there is a correct way to play it.
 Oh, no.
 And this was worked out by a computer games expert
 called Jonathan Schaeffer, the University of Alberta.
 He set a number of computers playing it.
 At the peak of his work,
 there were 200 desktop computers,
 which he had playing drafts full-time
 to work out the combinations.
 (laughter)
 Out of play.
 Wow.
 Imagine how annoying that would be
 if you were trying to get a computer
 at the University of Alberta.
 (laughter)
 All of Jonathan's 200 machines were playing drafts.
 (laughter)
 And it's not like you save your lives, is it?
 Well, you know, when he explains it
 why you can't use it.
 (laughter)
 You're trying to solve drafts.
 (laughter)
 But it turns out that there are 10 to the 20,
 sorry, there are 10 to the power
 of 20 different positions for the game.
 Okay.
 And even if there are fewer than 10 pieces
 on the board at the end,
 there are still 39 trillion end-game positions
 which are possible.
 So there's quite a lot of numbers to craft.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So you say that it's solved, Andy,
 but unless you and I are playing
 and we both have 50 computers
 telling us what to do each time
 and we're willing to wait for about six hours
 between each move, then presumably.
 (laughter)
 That's how I play all my games.
 It's the game's oppression.
 (laughter)
 Ewigs do have this really unfortunate,
 not predator, parasite, really,
 that I was reading about.
 And it's the, I found this out
 because there's a guy called Ryan Herbison
 who's a researcher who collected 1,300 earwigs
 to investigate it, which I think it must be so weird.
 He was just wandering along a beach collecting earwigs
 and he's looking out for these things called murmithids
 and they're just one of those parasites
 that takes over your brain.
 We've talked about this kind of thing before,
 but I always find them incredible.
 So he collected all these earwigs,
 opened up their brains and found murmithids inside lots of them.
 And what they do is they make them hydro-taxic,
 as in they make them want to go to water,
 they want to go to get wet,
 or they make them act really erratically
 so they hop around until they see a pond and then jump in it.
 And they can't swim, so they immediately drown.
 And then that's perfect
 because these parasites' little babies are aquatic
 and so then they can swim.
 Oh no.
 They turn them into water lovers.
 I just, I just find it amazing
 that these things exist that control the minds
 with so many animals.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that's wicked.
 They also do this really cool thing
 where they can stop predators
 from getting a taste for them and their family
 by once they're, when they're being eaten,
 let's say, by a lizard.
 They vomit inside them as they're being eaten.
 So they vomit inside the lizard into the lizard's mouth
 and they release a smell which is like rotting flesh,
 which the lizard hates
 because I usually, when I think of animals,
 I just think they don't care about the taste of things, right?
 They just, it's about food.
 It's all yucky.
 Like, they don't have taste buds.
 But apparently they don't have taste.
 A whole series of weird revelations
 there about your preconceptions, but sure.
 Why do you think a lizard would just eat whatever, right?
 But this will actively,
 once they release this vile-smelling toxic
 into the mouth of the lizard,
 the lizard will not only spit them out,
 but it will spend time after it's going,
 and try to wipe away this thing from their mouth.
 And the idea is that I'm not sure
 if the earwig will survive the one that's been chewed,
 or if that's, I think, it's more about passing on
 the distaste to never want to eat an earwig again
 for the future lizards, or that one lizard.
 So sacrificing yourself for the sake of the clan,
 like Bruce Willis and Armageddon?
 Yes, exactly.
 Yeah, it's a lot.
 Oh, Anna, stop spoiling films for James.
 I'm sorry.
 Don't listen, James.
 I wasn't, I wasn't.
 That's, wow, that is amazing.
 Do you know, Dan, you live with a dog at the moment?
 No, I'm not anymore.
 Oh, really?
 Because I was going to say, when you give it dog food,
 do you just think, fuck it, eat any old shit?
 Doesn't have any taste buds.
 I was thinking more like lizards, rather than,
 I don't think, like, when I feed my son,
 I think, hey, he's young, fuck it, he hasn't got taste buds yet.
 It's more. He's got more.
 Dan, he's got three times as many as you.
 Oh, yeah.
 Well, I'll stop feeding him dog food now.
 Hey, just while we're talking about Spain,
 Spain obviously has that big Christmas lottery,
 which is El Gordo, the fat one.
 And it's the big, big prize.
 Did you guys read that in 2011?
 It was won.
 And it's, you know, people win it.
 But this one town in Spain, called Sadeto,
 every single resident there,
 the 70 households won this lottery.
 And the thing is, is that the way they do it is,
 sometimes these towns club together,
 and they buy this big, they buy the one lottery ticket.
 And then they go around to each house,
 and they say, do you want to be a participant in this?
 So you get a participation ticket.
 So this entire town did it of 70 households,
 which was over 200 people.
 They all won the lottery except one guy,
 because they forgot to knock on his door.
 Oh, wow.
 Surely they shared it within.
 They didn't, no, they didn't.
 And he, he had moved to the town,
 because he was in love with this girl.
 It didn't work out, so he decided to stay.
 So he was renovating in this new place,
 and the people who went around selling the tickets
 just didn't think to go and sell him a ticket.
 So he remembers waking up on the day,
 and he's a cinematographer.
 He does a lot of filming.
 And everyone was on the streets running around.
 He had no idea why.
 They were in their socks running out of their face,
 because they'd all just heard the news.
 And he filmed it all.
 He filmed the joy, but behind that camera is the one man
 who didn't get any of the benefits from it.
 That is fun.
 And they want a huge amount.
 Like if you paid in lower amounts,
 the least that was earned by someone
 who got some money was around $100,000.
 That was like the lowest on it.
 So as a result, once the news came out,
 all of these business people descended on the town,
 trying to sell them B&W cars, business managers came in,
 and the whole town now, there's people on the way home
 having to hide as they leave the cafe,
 because they can see that really persistent bank manager
 sitting on his car looking from more residents to sign up.
 So it's kind of turned into a hellhole for a lot of them.
 So really, the one guy who didn't win
 is laughing at everyone else's faces,
 because he can just say to those hastlers,
 "Mate, I'm the one that didn't win it.
 I've got nothing for you."
 Just one more thing on hangovers.
 I found a survey.
 By, I think it was a rehab website,
 about, it was a survey of 1,000 drinkers
 about what they would do to avoid a hangover.
 Like, what sacrifices they would make
 to never have a hangover again.
 Okay.
 So I just want to run these party and see if you'd agree.
 So a third of people said they would pay more for their drinks
 if it meant they would never have a hangover.
 Yeah? Okay.
 Yeah. Okay.
 Depends on much more, but yeah.
 If you can afford it.
 Um, about a third said they would give up watching sports forever.
 Oh gosh. No.
 I'm finding the last few weeks quite hard.
 So, um, probably wouldn't do that.
 Okay.
 It was, it was way more women than men
 said they would give up watching sports forever.
 Um, they, so 2% of women said they would give up sex
 for the rest of their lives.
 Um, 0% of men said they would give up sex forever
 to avoid a hangover.
 Yeah, I understand that.
 Some of them get a bit dark.
 So, um, sacrificing a stranger's life,
 um, 9% of men said yes, 9%.
 Giving up a fingertip, 6% of men, 3% of women,
 allegedly, 6% of men,
 and 1% of women would kill their pets to avoid hangovers.
 For the rest of your life.
 If you've got pet crickets or something,
 then that actually is not so bad.
 Yeah.
 I wouldn't give up crickets,
 but I would give up crickets.
 Hey!
 Do you guys know the first reference to Hair of the Dog?
 That's really surprised by this.
 No, um, the Bible.
 It's such an even pre-bible.
 It's 400 BC.
 And it's in a, um,
 recommendation by guy called Antiphanies,
 who was recommending basically homiopathic treatments,
 which is sort of what Hair of the Dog is.
 It's sort of like a little bit of the thing that makes you ill.
 Um, and he says take the hair,
 so this is translated from the Greek and made nice and poetic,
 but take the hair, it is well written of the Dog,
 by which your bitten, work off one wine with his brother,
 work off one labour with another.
 Hmm.
 It works to an extent, actually, Hair of the Dog.
 First of all, it obviously makes you feel better,
 because you're getting a bit drunk again,
 so we all know that kind of works.
 But they think now it works,
 because there's something we've discussed before.
 Dan, do you remember that fact you had where they cured that guy
 of alcohol poisoning by feeding him beer?
 Yeah, that's right.
 And it's because of the methanol.
 So all alcoholic drinks contain tiny amounts of methanol,
 and they think that might be a large part of what's making you feel bad with a hangover.
 And if you drink more alcohol, then the ethanol in that,
 actually, is digested before the methanol,
 so the methanol stops making you feel bad.
 So keep it up.
 Okay, so what was said?
 Is that our official advice?
 That's, um, yeah, please don't sue me when you get live a failure.
 I was looking up with some other museums in Croatia.
 We've spoken before, I think, about the Museum of Broken Relationships.
 That's quite a famous one, but I'd never seen this one.
 It's called Froggyland, and it's in Split.
 And this is a collection of 507 stuffed frogs
 that were made by a very, very skilled taxidermist from Croatia called Ference Mere.
 And he used a very clever system where he goes through the animal's mouth
 rather than cutting it open.
 So you don't end up with any scars on the taxidermy animal.
 And then he got the frogs and he put them in sort of like settings.
 So, um, there's one in a blacksmith's shop, there's one in a carpenter's shop,
 there's one in a school, there's some in the circus,
 like lots of different modes of life just recreated with stuff.
 Frogs, so cool, wow.
 It's funny because it feels like he might also be a candidate for the Museum of Broken Relationships.
 To use.
 But yeah, Froggyland, it gets 4.5 stars on TripAdvisor,
 lots of reviews, lots of good reviews.
 I only read the bad ones, of course.
 The frogs were very small and not very appealing.
 Another person, this place is an abomination for frog lovers.
 Don't go here.
 If you love frogs like me, I love frogs.
 You should have seen that coming, surely if you're a frog lover,
 going to a place full of dead frogs is what you're going to like.
 And another person said, okay, okay.
 This guy gave a lot of time and effort to make these frogs.
 But still, it is weird and creepy.
 Yeah.
 But then the people who made the Museum replied with Anna's exact point.
 We don't understand why someone who has that kind of opinion would even decide to come in here.
 It's like you're doing it deliberately so you can complain, guys.
 We're not like dead frogs.
 Don't go to the dead frogs Museum.
 Anyway, it's in split.
 Do you think someone tested the temperature
 of Cleopatra's milk bath by dipping their elbow into it?
 Now, that is a joke about how you test the temperature of a baby's milk, isn't it?
 Oh no, it's how you test a baby's bath water, sorry.
 How do you test the milk, though?
 Um, it's hard to get your elbow into the bottle, isn't it?
 Yeah, do you have it yourself?
 You try.
 I think you drip little bits from the bottle on the back of your hand, don't you?
 Like, maybe.
 I think you just, simply, you just trust that the milk you're producing from your breasts
 is not by the boiling hot and freezing hot.
 That's, yeah.
 I mean, some mothers are like Yellowstone National Park, aren't they?
 There we go.
 120 degrees.
 Can't be very damaging.
 They had a sacred blades, which, and this is a slight content warning here, sacred obsidian blades,
 which the kings would use to cut their penises with.
 Oh, yeah, okay.
 Yeah, it's not, it's not so they could bleed them.
 Yeah, what were they doing?
 Which bet they cut, they're not cutting the whole thing off, are they?
 Not, they weren't cutting the whole thing off, great news, but they were cutting,
 I mean, it's all sensitive.
 It's all sensitive.
 No, they were just sort of, well, they did a bit on, on their full skins, yeah,
 but a bit on other parts of it.
 You know, the Victorians had special, like, mini sods that they used to cut a corn off
 corn on the cubs.
 It just doesn't matter.
 I don't know what maybe you think of that.
 And I think it was bleeding, wasn't it?
 As in, they used to sacrifice their blood.
 So this is a ritual thing that they had to do is they would have to cut their tongues and ears
 and genitals and stuff.
 And then pull us a blood out of them to give to the gods.
 I think I got that, yeah.
 They'd leave the blade somewhere, and so researchers have found a load of these obsidian blades,
 and it's very hard to tell which of the blades there were sacrificial, because as they put it,
 the degree of where imposed on a blade used only on one occasion to slice open a penis
 is very little indeed.
 The knife is much less damaged.
 So the researchers, again, had to have a go at this and they studied multiple blades.
 Well, no, the scientists didn't cut their own cubs.
 They tried it on some chicken instead.
 They tried it on the people's cocks.
 And they studied multiple blades.
 And they think that has given them a sign of which blades we use.
 That's really interesting, because like exactly what you're saying, the way you work out
 how a blade was used is by looking at the dense in it, don't you?
 Like, and there was a research study about some Bronze Age swords,
 about whether they were purely decorative or whether they used in fighting,
 and they can tell by how they hit each other and how they dent.
 But if you're only using it for one after one thing of a penis and yeah,
 you're not going to get that information.
 Yeah, the wear and tear on the penis is definitely more, isn't it?
 Yes.
 Down the knife.
 Just to go back to their gods, some other fun gods, they were quite interflatulant and smelling.
 Well, sorry, and this is a terrible joke that I'm just about to make.
 And see if we can put it in, but you say that the damage on the penis is worse.
 But then, of course, the penis might be other than the sword.
 Oh, wow.
 Oh, wow.
 That was so glad.
 Was it so glad that it's wrong to you for that.
 I'm glad you got that.
 Definitely worth it.
 It's going in, isn't it?
 It's going in.
 I can't wait to hear it.
 We've got our end of section now, so sorry to look here when you got to say it.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 What does Dan usually say here?
 Oh, it doesn't matter because it's not a normal show.
 All we want to do is remind you that to give some money to the care workers' charity,
 they would really, really appreciate it if you could spare anything and so would we.
 And to donate, go to qi.com/donate or justgiving.com/nstaf.
 Off with the show.
 I've always wanted to say that.
 I've never had a chance before.
 It feels like I can now dance away.
 Wow.
 If that doesn't make you want to donate to this charity, I don't know what will.
 [Music]
