 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of no such thing as a fish where we were joined by the incredible
 Doctor Erica
 McAllister now Erica has been on the podcast before so you might remember her
 But if you don't the one thing you need to know is that she is an expert in flies
 Insects, I won't say creepy Carly's I won't say mini beast because I know Erica doesn't like that
 But she is essentially a senior curator at the Natural History Museum and an absolute legend in this office
 She is so enthusiastic about her subject, but also so funny so interesting
 We really really enjoyed making this show and the main thing I do need to tell you is that Erica has a book out
 Her book is called metamorphosis how insects are changing our world
 It's a lovely thing. I've got a copy of it right here
 It's got loads of amazing pictures incredible stories
 It's just a really really great object to own and obviously you'll learn a great deal about
 Insects if you buy that book another thing to say is that the radio for show which spawned the book get it spawned
 It's called metamorphosis how insects transformed our world that is currently available on BBC radio for if you Google radio for
 Erica McAllister you will find it. It's a great show, and it is full of amazing facts anyway
 Not much more to add join Club Fish if you haven't buy our books if you haven't blah blah blah blah blah
 Let's get on with the show with dr. Erica McAllister and on with the podcast
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no subs thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Hoban
 My name is Andrew Hunter Murray, and I'm here with Anna Tajinsky James Harkin and Erica McAllister
 And once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 So in no particular order here. We go starting with fact number one, and that is Erica
 Some flies have tits on the inside
 It's on the inside. Yeah, I mean do they have to wear bras on the
 Yeah, how do you type because it was tough enough to do off on the outside?
 Actually, I just think it's an evolutionary advantage of them avoiding males groping them in public
 Suddenly you think male flies are gropers. Oh, look at how many hands they have
 So it's it's okay take your head away from imagining loads of little mammary grounds on the inside
 But it's they have this kind of flat surface, and they've got no nipples. So it's it's like a big area
 But they do you give birth to live young?
 So they will instead of like shooting off hundreds of thousands of eggs. They've decided to actually, do you know what?
 Let's concentrate on raising one larvae
 And this yeah, I know that's unusual in place, right? It's unusual in insects. Ah
 So we generally think of the mammals doing that, you know, let's let's actually look after just one and go for it
 Now this is in the super family hippo-bossoidia
 And they include the things that people would have found on the outside of their bodies
 Yeah, and they include the things that people would have heard of like tetsi
 Um tetsi flies is no because tetsi means fly. Mm-hmm. It's another little fact
 And what is amazing like the tetsi when she gets pregnant because she probably does get pregnant
 The larvae when it's born can have a mass bigger than her
 Oh, oh, yeah, I've seen a video of them giving birth
 And it is remarkable because imagine having a baby and it's bigger than you first of all
 It seems impossible
 How do they what do they then shrink as they get older? Otherwise, they just get bigger and bigger and bigger
 They go through metamorphosis, remember?
 I forgot that it's not a video that they show fly nct because I like that idea
 This is just to get you ready now if you light a lot of candles and play some nice music it won't be as bad as you think
 But I mean
 Do you look at her stomach before she gives birth her abdomen just looks like the radicchio cabbage?
 You know, it's really it's properly swell. It is absolutely
 Engorged it's red. It's got these white veins all over it. It's just I mean, she only gives birth about three or four times
 I mean only is quite something I know. I think I would have given up after one. Yeah. Yeah. We're actually just going to say one and done
 We've made a decision it's easy with the schools also. What a great way of putting me off a radicchio cabbage for
 sorry
 so one thing I read about the specifically the tetsi flies is that
 The females get a lifetime's worth of sperm from mating once
 And then they just use it bit by bit as they go they kind of hoard it
 I suppose if you only have one child a lifetime supply of sperm is just one sperm
 So so many insects do this and a lot of flies it's called a spermotheca and it's where they store sperm
 They can get rid of sperm. They can replace sperm now. This might be a question that you can't answer
 But I was really wondering this when reading about it
 Um a really sad because presumably every shag is a one-night stand. So a bit of a shame there
 Um, yeah, but it's like in some of them only live for hours. There's not even like a night
 Okay, fair enough for one minute stand
 Um, but then when you've got all this sperm inside you you want to pick the best one
 Do you know how like? Yeah, what's the mechanism where you've got sperm within you? No idea
 No, no
 You're beginning to look at this because you've got this is cryptic female selection going on
 So this is all quite exciting
 So the victorians had this whole thing about oh, it's always about the males the males this the males choose blah blah blah
 And it's like, okay back off. We know this is not the case. We can see it in our own sex
 So we're looking at the biochemistry now. We're looking at the hormones. We're looking at that
 So her body is trying to kill sperm. His sperm is trying to drug her
 It's all sorts of things going on. Why is her body trying to kill because her body wants the best
 So she kills off all the weaklings only the best kids. How does she die?
 We don't know. What was the other thing about them poisoning?
 Oh, yeah, the males drug the females
 Yeah, so his sperm is going to have a load of pheromones in loads of different chemicals
 And so with Drosophila, we know that immediately they've had sex the sperm makes the female less likely to have sex again
 So they are trying there's lots of sneaky behavior going on
 Some of these flies they said the bat flies which I really love so I spend a lot of time running after bats in the Caribbean
 She's nice
 The female when she gets pregnant some of them undertake some extreme morphological adaptations at this point
 So there's one that when she gets pregnant she rips her legs off and she rips her wings off
 And then she sticks her head into the back and basically most of her body she undergoes
 This complete metamorphosis. What does she rip off her last two legs with?
 Well, she's still I guess she's like she's sort of ripped her wings off first
 She's learned that the legs they can break them
 So I presume she's breaking them off but mother nature's sort of a lovely solution
 So she can stick her head in but she invaginates herself like she kind of I beg your pardon
 She kind of wrapped her abdomen
 Invaginates, she kind of goes like I've invaginated meaning sheaf
 So she kind of like draws herself into her own body like pulling herself into a sleeping bag
 Yeah, well what a chat up line. I've never got a fanciest spot of invagination
 I think that rides yourself out of the picture in that
 You mentioned you were running around chasing bats in Barbados and I've tried to catch two bats in my life inside rooms to get them out
 And it's extremely difficult
 How do you what are you doing just leaping along beach luxury beaches after bats in the dark?
 No, no, it was in Dominica and we have uh mist nets
 So have you ever seen uh mist nets catching birds? No, obviously you lot have never done holidays like I do
 So you've ever been this net and a bat comes flying into it and male bats and then really obviously male bats
 These two giant testicles are straight in your face
 And you're holding them open because you're you're trying to weigh them sex them
 Speciate them and then I'm the little entomologist next to trying to find these little bat flies
 So they look like little drunk spiders running all over the bats
 So they're visible enough as in you can see them without a whip or a scat they're big enough
 And they're like
 They're running around and they annoy the bats because they've got parasites. I don't know because the bat's so angry at this day
 I don't know what's annoying. Someone's measuring his testicles
 So there's a lot going on
 Sort of parasites the size of your own thumb just running around your body. I'm guessing they're bigger than these things
 Oh great. Okay, fab. There's a whole lot of interesting things. There's a group of flies that are slightly different
 These are called bee riders and they hang around honeybees
 They will go down and feed around the mouth of say the queen which they are often on
 And these have mimicked her smell. So the queen knows that something
 This is bit running around on her. There's other creature, but it smells like her
 So she thinks it's herself. She's like, is that is that me? I don't know, but it literally is imagine your head running around your body
 Like going
 Pardon a minute. What is that Anna? Did that answer your question of how to catch a bat? Thank you. Yes
 Sorry, perfect. It would be cool if you if you had a beard which you get crumbs in other beard mites that
 Can eat the food
 Oh, yeah, really get crumbs in your eyelashes. Do you and there's obviously other things?
 Again, you don't get crumbs there either. I think some people get crumbs
 I do there's a lot of feasting in bed. Okay
 There's a custard cream down here
 Does this hob not been imaginative?
 Sorry. Sorry. Sorry. Let's talk about flies
 A negative about flies because I know you're a fan, but tetsy flies
 Are quite big disease spreaders and it's well, you're making a you're making a face like maybe they're not well
 I mean, it's it's not the tetsy's fault again. It's the same. Well, no, it's not because they are vectors
 They're being manipulated by this trapanosome
 Again, and they are their behavior is altered if they have this within them if they have the trapanosome is a parasite
 Yeah, so it causes them to go into environments and you know and feed for longer feed earlier and do all of this
 So there is manipulation going on with the parasite
 Of course, it's not the parasite's fault either. You're always advocating for the poor flies. Those poor tetsy flies killing millions and millions of people
 Well, I know and I'm not I'm not taken away from that
 But also there has been a case that tetsy has helped massively with conservation
 Because we couldn't go into certain areas. We couldn't take livestock in certain areas
 We left all of it
 So some of the original national parks in southern Africa were set up because it was like there's nothing we could do with the land
 The indigenous animals were fine because they're like they've got you know skin so thick the tetsy's were
 Not doing that. So yes, so there is a case of tetsy. It's very nice. Um, here's an attempt to deal with tetsy flies
 This is quite a clever one. It's what Zimbabwe did in the 1980s. I didn't know this
 There are 60,000 fake cows across Zimbabwe
 which
 You can't tell you can't tell really. I bet I could
 Depends on how destined you are. Is it like where they take one of those mobile phone masks and try and make it look like a tree?
 It's exactly like that. And actually it just looks like a green mobile phone mask
 It's exactly that except you're trying to lure people into the mobile phone mask to give them a shock to blast
 Basically, they have these kaira moons. I hope I'm pronouncing all right
 These are chemicals that tetsy flies love and they lure them in and then they kill them with insecticide because the cow
 These fake cows also ooze insecticide in some way that I don't fully understand
 Um, but they brought cases down to almost zero in Zimbabwe
 So we we we tether cows often um and put nets over them too because they are really good lures
 And and so we yeah, so there's various different, um sampling methods using that
 They've done this with rabbits chickens all sorts put them in boxes chickens head poking out
 Yeah
 Human bait, which is another way we do it
 Have you stood in the middle of a net with arms out?
 People I know have really and so yeah, so it's human bait. So every every hour
 They will stick their hand out and let all the mosquitoes feed on them. Oh, yeah
 They would do this. Can I ask Erica? Um, I'm one of the people who when I go on holiday
 I get bitten really really badly and my wife doesn't so
 These people who are the human baits. Do you look for people like me to do it as in are you looking for people?
 Who are just people who would taste it? No, I think we just ask and hope that someone does it
 Right
 Someone to lure in the incredibly rare north african penis bite who flies
 Funny you should say that
 So there's new world screw worm they all it was awful this guy went to venezuela to visit his family there
 And he got back to the got back to the uk. This is a horrible story. Do you want me to carry on please?
 Okay, it's our favorite kind. Okay got back to the uk and it's obviously moaning and new world screw worm
 You can have multiple infestation of the maggots. Okay. And is that a screw worm because it screws its way into your body?
 Um, yeah
 His screw infestation of which he had multiple was in his scrotum. Oh, no
 Now he's led this
 Fester as it were for a couple of weeks
 Now at this point these maggots you're busy. You can't get a gp's appointment. No, that's saying. Can you do three in the afternoon?
 It might sort itself out
 Well, they eventually will because they were popped out by themselves
 But you have to put up with a writhing maggot maggot discomfort in your scrotum
 If I googled that and it was like it will eventually cure itself. I can imagine being the kind of person so lazy
 I'd be like, you know, I'll deal with it. I just don't think you would now. I'm not a male
 So I do not have them but I think if my scrotum was moving by itself
 I would be tempted to do something about it. Can I ask question? Did his scrotum still smell like him?
 I did know that was obviously
 I don't think that was written in the side
 They do they don't move exactly by themselves, but they're certainly what do you mean?
 They move more than the rest of you if I'm running and then I stop
 It keeps running
 That's when Andy runs the 100 meters. He actually only runs the 99.98 meters
 It's not dead. I get over the line that way. Yeah
 Actually on genitals, can I ask a question about fly genitals generally because I have struggled to find
 The definite answer to this. I was reading an article from new scientists in 1990 about how all flies when they have sex
 Their penises the male flies their penises rotate either 180 or 360 not all of them
 Okay, but some of them do. Yes. So it sounded very interesting and cool
 So when I rear mosquitoes when the adult males have hatched we leave them for 24 hours because their genitalia has to rotate 360 degrees
 To be in the correct position. Yes. Yeah
 Wait a minute because if it rotates it's not in one it doesn't just do that it moves down around
 It's not like the hand of a clock
 But it does wrap itself internally around their other organs
 I think you know there's a lot of rapids going on but not all of them rotate and you can see this because some of them will
 Copulate in a missionary, you know or doggy style as it were fly style and others a female would drag the male along behind her
 Okay, so that depends on how much genital rotation has gone on but also that's fixed rotation
 There is temporary rotation so they can move their penis into position like during sex
 Yes, I think I'm saying this and what I've really liked is an explanation of maybe why
 It allows you to be a bit more flexible in the same way that a balloon animal
 If you if you've got a little long balloon and then you rotate it 360 like a magician would when he's making it into an animal
 Right, suddenly that you've got strength there in that twist in the middle and you've got flexibility
 I quite like that. No, no, no, no, but this is a runaway evolution
 So there's some flies that have a penis that is just extraordinary. It's like a massive curly whirly and you're like, whoa
 So she's evolving internally. He's trying to do all these crazy stuff
 So her body parts running away from his body parts. I mean basically, yes
 I'm I'm now thinking all the things that I'm I'm off radicchio cabbages
 off curly ways
 Two of my major food groups
 Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is Anna
 My fact this week is that the oldest rum brand in the world was founded by a man named cumberbatch soba
 ironic
 I've never heard cumberbatch as a first name. Sorry to completely distract from the sober element. No
 Cumberbatch was a crucial part of the fact as well me neither. I'll be honest
 I'd never heard of it as a surname until Benedict cumberbatch came along point. Yeah, it is a relatively uncommon name. Yeah
 Yeah, it's a funny word cumberbatch. Um, anyway, this is um, this is mount gay rum
 And it's probably been producing rum since 1663
 It was and I've sort of cheated on this fact because it was originally called mount gilboa
 And then it was taken over by the sober family
 And they put someone in charge called a sir john gay
 Alain to manage it and to manage the distillery a gay rum became the biggest rum in the world an amazing business
 And so when sir john died
 um
 John sober's son cumberbatch renamed mount gilboa mount gay and that's what we get mount gay rum
 So he named it. I have seen that mount gay rum for sale and never realized it was the oldest
 That's quite cool. Yeah weird names. A lot of them. There's pussers rum, which I like
 And mount gay. They're all sorts of eccentric names. You can get an extraordinary variety of strength in rum
 Didn't realize the strongest rum in the world. I think is one called rude to your parents rum
 It's uh, it's not really an official rum. You can't really get it unless you go deep into jamaica and ask the right people
 But a journalist tracked it down and it's 160 proof. So 80 percent
 Rum john has said he sniffed it and almost passed out. Yeah, can you even I mean, that's what we're preserving insects
 Yeah, I mean, this is like, is that really that as well?
 I don't think we know where rum comes from for sure the word rum because there was a
 Drink called rumbulian rumbulian, which was made from boiling sugar cane stalks
 Which is the leading theory and that sounds pretty convincing to be honest
 But um, there was also pirate drink called bumbo, which I really like nice. Yeah. Yeah, but definitely came from the caribbean, right?
 Yeah, and it was from sugar plantation owners who had this kind of molasses which was left over
 Black sticky stuff and they would add water to it and then leave it for ment and and it became rum
 Yeah, but I read in greg jenis book
 Um, which is a million years in a day that they would add dead animals or human urine
 To their wash so you go to preserve them as erica says was it entomologists to preserve your urine
 Think you're preserving the dead animals, but yeah
 What's that?
 Apparently the idea is that it would stop the enslave people who are working on your plantation from drinking all of your rum
 But you then have to drink dead rat rum. What would it remind me?
 When you're selling it, you don't advertise the fact that there's been dead animals and urine in it
 Or perhaps it was a story that you told the people so that they didn't drink it and in actual fact you didn't do that
 If your rum is strong enough, I mean I'll drink it. Yeah, me too. Yeah, as if that's going to put you off. Yeah, exactly
 I mean my plantation and we drink a lot of light tequila, you know, although the worm is only a recent thing, isn't it?
 Yeah, the bottles have a little worm in them. Well, they don't all
 I don't know and I think that could actually be a recent thing
 Oh, really? So yeah, so and we're not even sure why they did it in the first place
 Just one guy had a lot of spare ones in his scrotum
 Do you know what I've been handed um, my friend went walking and found a load of ticks all over him
 So he had a tiny little whiskey bottle
 So he it's now in whiskey and I can't have an ad I haven't had the heart to put it in the collection because it looks so cute
 And his only label he had on him was a plaster. So it's handwritten a plaster
 Where on his body it was where he collected it in this little miniature of whiskey. So he's preserved it in that
 How late and desperate into the night would it be before you decided that this was the last drink in the house?
 Yeah, I've got a lot of those bottles
 Um, can I tell you a bit about navy rum?
 So this was the big thing in the Royal Navy. It was all sailors got a tot of rum every day
 And in fact, it wasn't a tot it was about half a pint a day of rum
 And this was you know, this was great. And then until in the 17 in 1740
 It was watered down from that point on with like by one to five
 So you did get your rum still half a pint, but it was watered down with two pints of water
 So it's a bit okay. So you were getting two and a half pints worth of stuff. Were you? Yeah, it was called grog
 And basically if you were a senior officer
 You were allowed to drink your rum neat because you were probably a trustworthy chap
 And if you were on the rest of the ship and able semen
 Exactly untrustworthy. You'd go on a bender. Maybe you'd save it all up and that you'd you know, and you'd like steer the ship wrong
 Anyway, so they had a watered down
 Um, and basically this is the amazing ritual they had the officer of the day the master of tarms the supply petty officer and the butcher
 No, I don't know what he's doing here
 They meet at the ship spirit room. They unlock it
 The butcher inserts his pump into the bunghole and I'm sorry. What come on steady on
 He imaginates the
 He draws off the ration which is then transferred to a small breaker which is spelled barico
 But pronounced breaker. So that's then padlocked and then carried to the rum tub
 At which point you've got the rum tub is now full of the day's rum
 Then the rum call is sounded on bugle everyone gathers and you know
 Then each mess like a little like let's say the four of us would be a mess
 We would nominate a mess man. Let's say James is the mess man
 James goes up gets the rum for all of us carries it back in his rum fanny
 Which
 That is the imagination
 There's a large egg-shaped container for for our mess's rum
 Right, and then while we're drinking it we sing a special song called Nancy Dawson
 Oh, yeah, I know the Nancy Dawson song. I think I might have mentioned it before actually
 Maybe we have but I think it is the same tune as here we go around the mulberry bush
 Oh, okay, and it was about a famous sex worker called Nancy Dawson
 And every sort of every verse is ruder and ruder than the last one
 I've got to learn that version of the mulberry bush. I'm very bored of singing the other one
 Um, do you know why it's called grog? I didn't know this
 Um, but it's because for international listeners grog is sort of what we call general alcohol now quite often
 Oh, yeah, we do grog. Yeah
 You know, not if you're of a certain age perhaps
 Living the deep deep countryside
 You don't get many orders in the sort of london cocktail bars
 I frequent for a glass of grog
 for 12 pounds
 Gin and tonic, uh, a half of here's my rum fanny
 And then around of here we get around the Nancy Bush order
 No, it's because as Andy said in 1740 the rum was watered down because people were a bit worried that
 sailors were getting out of control or being responsible
 And it was watered down diluted by a chap called Admiral Vernon who was an admiral and he wore this big
 Cloak, which was made of a special fabric that happened to be called grog rum
 So people used to call him old grog and that's one of those nice etymologies where we just know it comes from there
 Yeah, because it sounds fake, but it's not fake. Yeah, I mean he just wore this cloak
 They called him old grog so they called drinks grog and we do to this day in some parts of the country
 Did you know what grog blossom is?
 No, is it have a punt?
 I think you already know it. I do know it. Yeah, is it also to do with Admiral Vernon?
 Did he have the case of genital warts or something? No, it's higher up. Okay, it is a bodily condition. It's even higher
 Higher than your nipples. Yeah, strike north. Is it your nose?
 It's your nose and your cheeks basically. Your countenance. Oh, that makes sense. It's the ruddy red
 It's all where the blood vessels have sort of, you know, given up the ghost if you've been drinking a lot for a long time
 Yes, yeah, exactly. Is that?
 It's engrossed that, isn't it? Grosses dictionary. I read grosses dictionary for some other rum words because
 Like we were talking before the mics came on about whether we say the word rum to mean, you know, like he's a rum bugger
 We would say in bolton for instance dodgy rum. I'd say that's a bit run. Yeah
 I wouldn't use it. Yeah, but you would say rum in that sense to mean bad, right? Kind of a bit dodgy
 Yeah, yeah, but it did used to mean more like good like rum. Oh, that's you know
 So your rum peepers would be very expensive glasses
 You mean you mean spectacles? Spectacles. Yeah. Yeah. Rum draws. Do you know what they were?
 E-R-A-W-E-R-S. They're where you smuggle your rum out of the rum shop in your drawers
 Another word we use in the countryside. Yeah. Well, you're using the right kind of drawers
 It's um silk or other fine stockings
 Well known as rum drawers and uh rum gaggers. Do you know what a rum gaga was?
 rum gaga
 Um, someone who can't hold their drink
 No, it was someone who would tell wonderful stories of their sufferings at sea or when taken by the Algerians
 Have I had a nickel?
 Well, and they would they would tell these stories and they'd get your confidence and then they would swindle you
 Oh
 Rum gaggers
 Right, okay. I found a thing which is
 Uh in your wheelhouse Erica, which is related to rum. Can you have a guess?
 So related to insects we're thinking. Yeah, it's oh and all these things insects
 Okay related to insects slash arachnids. It's certainly creepy crawly. Mini beasts. They call them. Oh, don't you see there are those terms?
 Okay, I don't like either of them. I like mini beast. It's a bit. Well, it's a bit cutesy, but for children, it's still beast
 I see that's negative. I just think the negative word should be mini great guys
 Beast and I mean beasts are exciting. You know, we don't say big beasts. We don't so low. I do
 Well, okay, we can play beast for a good thing and some beast
 Another one that we use alongside rum and crawl
 In the wilds of Huntinghamshire
 Okay, I'll tell you it's the Isle of Rub. Yes. This has this is off Scotland
 Yep, and it is home to the biggest something in the uk
 Oh, this is it's got a huge population of red deer
 Might it be a something that lives on a red deer? Well, uh, I'm very surprised because these are the largest worms in the uk
 Found on rum the Isle of Rum. They're three times bigger than your standard worm. It's basically like dune the Isle of Rum
 It's like this huge
 Um these worms. Yeah, they're just worms. Are they are they different types?
 Just take that away. The earthworm specialist in the museum right now will be having kittens thinking about you saying just words
 Just kittens. Are they common or garden worms? They are. They're standard earthworms. They're earthworms
 But they the reason they've grown massive is that they I know holiday horses are a kid
 They there are no predators. It's island gigantism. It's island gigantism. The soil is very fertile
 scientists from the uni of central Lancashire have
 They apparently discovered very large worm burrows
 I don't know how large but they're big
 It's like fantasy pretty much and they apparently they might be living for up to 10 years
 And a normal worm lives two years on the mainland the natural predator of a worm. I would say is the early bird
 Do they not have birds on rum then well because it's it's further north, you know, it gets light later
 So the early bird can't see what it's doing
 Do you know what's splicing the main braces? Is it where you have a rope and you cut it so that it?
 That's why I always say it's very close to it. Is it what I thought splice?
 Yeah, you define it too. Basically these days it means give everyone aboard some rum a tot of rum
 But back in the day it meant something incredibly fiddly
 Which then was so fiddly that everyone who'd done it deserved the extra tot of rum
 The main brace is a piece of rope and it's the longest line in what they call the running rigging and the running rigging
 Is what keeps the ship mobile. It's what means you can navigate basically as opposed to the standing rigging
 Which is what keeps the mast in place right and the main brace is the longest and most complicated bit
 It's the most fiddly changing job to do because it goes through all sorts of bits of wood and it's just you know
 You have to oh god. It's just so so fiddly and so that's what that's what means it
 That's what means it is it that's what means it
 Sorry for using my nautical terms
 Yeah, so and that's what
 Spliced the main brace now it's just a ceremonial thing, but originally it had a meaning of
 Yeah, but they both it resulted in rum basically
 So we should say that rum is no longer in the navy rations, but it lasted so due to woke
 Whoa, indeed
 It lasted a bloody long time until 1970 and I was reading the hands-on debate the parliamentary debate for when it was abolished
 And the outrage was palpable
 MPs just standing up one after the other dr
 Reginald bennett mp for gossport and ferrum saying I represent a constituency which has been plunged into gloom and horror by this
 Iniquitous decision
 So the reason it was abolished was because it was said that maybe their judgment in quite fiddly tasks at war could be impaired
 Splicer than base brace
 Could be impaired by having a rum ration and the answer is that no no well
 We've used it and now my friend got bought flying his head. So we needed
 We needed the rum for him for morale or for
 His yeah to slightly anesthetize him
 So when you split open is quite how deep so it embeds itself in your well
 It doesn't because it because of your skull. He just goes along so you can see it growing
 If you just leave it will it get better? Yeah. Oh, um, there's this beautiful guy
 Gil he's he did a study of his own bot fly
 And so he's got all the photos and then he's got the adult winner hatched out
 That's like an entomological dream
 Because it's been part of you
 We really became a foster parent. So he's quite pleased
 I mean, it's it's a bit upsetting apparently if you get bought flight at night because you can hear it
 Oh, wow
 And if you around yours, it's cool. Well, I don't move around. It's so but what do you hear it doing?
 Um eating and defecating
 So it's just like you're asleep and he's going
 I'd give that a minute
 Okay
 It's time for fact number three and that is james. Okay. My fact this week is that the amazon rainforest is man made
 No, not having it. What's it? Is it sort of a blast? It's all plastic. Yeah
 It's all mobile phone masks
 So I bring this up because erica's just come back from the amazon but the basic argument is
 That the amazon's home to 16 000 trees a species of tree
 But 227 of them cover more than half of the forest ecosystem
 Which is suggestive of people deliberately planting them in certain places
 And there seems to be two distinct layers of soil in the forest
 The bottom layer is kind of the normal stuff you find around there which has got quite poor fertility
 But then there's a top layer called terra preta, which is like some kind of super soil that's made with
 Like burnt charcoal and stuff. So it's as if humans have made that
 And the more kind of deforestation we do
 Thank god we're doing this deforestation
 Because we find evidence of farming societies of human structures of artifacts
 And even recently they've been doing laser technology from the air and they're finding earth and mounds hidden
 And lots of what they think are ancient roads that go in between all these places where people lived
 And there is a historical evidence that when europeans first arrived there
 They said that lots of people were living there
 And now of course very very few people live there. So that's the argument. I buy it. Yeah, I absolutely buy it
 Well, you know, it seems when I wedged this I was like, oh, so I went back to all the primary sources and I was like, oh
 Uh, the thing is they do make a valid point. Yeah to say that the amazon is man made. However
 I mean, no, there probably would have been something there
 They probably would have been lots of trees in this area even if people hadn't so we wish but yeah, you're shaping some of the
 Is a nice way of saying it because these species we didn't make these species. No
 So we are manipulating the environment to that extent nothing is man made even this building we're in now because it's all
 Okay, that's I think about these are secondary and tertiary
 But when it comes to the actual species if we're just manipulating them along the way like that
 I think the amazon is man manipulated
 Yeah, I mean maybe so they it was quite extensive as well. So they did over a thousand plots
 Yeah, and quite far apart. So what to test to test. Yeah, it's so cool. Yeah
 There's an the area of this soil the terra preta is twice the size of great britain
 Uh, it's got lots of fish bones and seeds in it. They basically burned it to produce charcoal
 So this it's really fertile stuff. It's really good soil
 And it dates from the last 2000 years this terra preta. I mean the argument against it is maybe there was a fire
 And maybe then it was washed down by the amazon and blah blah blah. I mean that's just to say that's the right argument
 I can't believe it. See we're all we're all now thinking and arguing like the amazon being partially man made is the more plausible explanation
 But this layer it can be 12 feet thick
 It's really thick and basically the I love the idea that basically the primary building material in the amazon was the soil
 So it's not it's not built
 I do think you've got to be careful by saying I mean there is
 Yes areas of it have been manipulated by humans, but I don't think me not the whole thing
 I just want to just take a plan a bit
 But the reason it doesn't look like what we think of as a you know built environment is that so much
 If you're moving large amounts of soil around it doesn't look like that to us
 So um percy force at the explorer who went looking for the lost cities of the amazon great name. There is such a good name
 There was a theory that when he came through you know on his travels
 He may have walked through some of these sites
 Which actually were the city he was looking for and not recognize them as that because he didn't know about this soil
 Because they're not like western cities also wasn't he hoping to find a existing living city lots of bustling people trading hanging out
 I don't think he was hoping to find a series of slightly raised
 Black soil. He was hoping they would be made of gold rather than black soil
 It just it seems almost inevitable because I really hadn't realized how many people were there um
 In the amazon itself and the amazon rainforest when columbus arrived from 1492
 So there were probably between eight and ten
 Million indigenous people living there, which is at least five times more than there are today living in the amazon
 So when you've got millions and millions of people it makes sense. Of course, they're going to be sculpting things. It is very big
 It's large. Yes. So if you have eight million people there
 I worked out that would give you a population density still less dense than mongolia
 Which is the least dense big country in the world and about three times emptier than modern Australia
 Yeah, it's wildly big. Okay. Okay. I mean, it's still a lot of people
 It's always what scares me about going to it. The idea of getting lost
 It's 28 times bigger than the uk just I can't I mean humans aren't very good at conceptualizing
 Space and it is huge. I just we were on the on a boat going across the amazon and this is like, you know
 This is not at the mouth. So this is really quite narrow
 Where else were you what sir?
 In kitos in peru. So you're up, you know the other end you're not down in my house
 You haven't got the the amazon that is fattest, but even still I'm like, oh my god
 The idea of a river being this wide
 You know, it's still I'm not used to it. I'm from the uk
 Wide than the tenson
 Because the tenson gets pretty wide if you go down, you know, doppelganger's way, it's wide
 You can still see the other side. Yeah, that's true. You can't see the other side. No, there are bits. You can't. You're just like, this is amazing
 Holy moly. Do you even know then? How do you even know?
 It sounds like you're on the coast
 But no, it was weird because we were a bit where there's all these different tributaries coming in and so there's one bit
 You're just like, this is amazing, you know
 Well, we did throw a tarantula in
 But it's all right because we were a tarantula. It wasn't on purpose and I didn't do it
 I'll have you notice but uh, it was one of the students panicked or a tarantula on him
 And so she just threw it into the amazon and died. Look, it swam off. So luckily, yeah
 I'm amazed tarantulas can swim and do they swim um, like an underwater breast milk? Crawl surely crawl
 It's going to be more like the butterfly I presume. Yeah, okay. That's good. That's good like that
 We should say about the amazon being partially man-made thing. Oh, yeah, it sounds like oh, you might take the implication that
 Uh, oh, well, it's fine. What we're doing now then and what this was is this is people producing food in quite small batches
 Yeah, they did have things like fish farms, but it was it was relatively sustainable
 Whereas what we have now is chopping down ancient forests to grow soy or raise cattle
 Which is really really really really unsustainable. Although in good news, which we don't get a lot
 In the prime world of climate change. It is getting better as in I mean
 I don't think we make enough of a big deal about the fact that bolton arrow left power and lula came in
 Given the awful damage that he was doing. Yeah, you're looking skeptical, but there's no question that he's better
 So deforestation in brazil has halved yeah, but in fact halved this is again see the figures
 It's still very bad. It's really bad. It's better than doubled as in the direct
 No, no, no, I mean, you're right. We have to be positive, but I still think we all need to we've got to stop it
 I think it's something like in the 80s the amount deforested globally per year was roughly the size of india
 And now it's and now it's the size of switzerland
 It just shows how big it is that it's still some of it's still left, right? It's amazing
 So we I'm going out there and we're looking for new species and we're doing all of this and it's still, you know
 I could just walk down this tiny little transect next to where I'm staying and knowing that I'm looking at new things to science
 And it's just so sad. We're kind of this, you know
 the pos the probability of life
 Is so random and it's so odd the fact that I'm here and you're here
 It's also random and all these different species and this is the only proven bit of life this planet
 And yet we're hell bent on destroying it and it's like come on
 It's it's an amazing thing. I caught okay. This is my favorite discovery of the amazon
 We caught this stick insect and my friend was like the woman who got it and she was like eric, what's that?
 He's got an egg on it and I'm like, oh, it's this midge and this midge feeds on the veins
 Of the wings of this stick insect and it's engorged
 It's engorged now imagine growing your abdomen to the size of this table
 You know, like mr. Creosote is the only thing I can think of that's but mr. Creosote would have to be four or five times bigger
 To be this anyone else not no, I'm afraid I don't know that's a modi python sketch with the guy who's just had a huge great meal
 One more waffa thin meat. Oh waffa thin!
 But yeah, but it was amazing and this midge does it all around the planet
 And I'm working with this guy at the moment
 And he's he's looking at all these migrating insects and some of them will latch on to a dragonfly
 So the dragonflies can migrate in their masses on there
 um migrating across continents and there's this little female midge
 Cleaning on like feeding go whoo
 What's going on here?
 And so it's like all of these little discoveries everywhere. Yeah. Oh, it does sound incredible
 I love it and some quite scary stuff some quite painful insects there
 I think they've got the most painful insect in the world the bullet ant. Yeah, um, which
 Is this painful as being shot hence the name 30 times more painful than a bee sting
 But the satari maway people have this ritual though
 I don't think we've mentioned before where boys from 12 onwards you have to gather them up
 You make gloves special bullet and gloves and you stuff your gloves full of them, don't you?
 And it's to sort of prove
 Well, I read a quite nice quote from a tribe chief
 Who said it's meant to show that a life without suffering or without any kind of effort isn't worth anything at all
 To teach you that suffering
 Is a crucial part of being alive. Well, I suppose so. Yeah, it does feel like extra sort of bonus suffering though
 Yeah, I mean it sounds like I'm a celebrity get me out
 Well, actually Steve I did a podcast with Steve Batchel and he was saying he did that
 So he does nature's dead leaves. Okay. And um, he was reduced to tears
 It was the most he said it was extruded and he did the bullet and yeah, he did the bullet and you know
 It's 13 14 year old boys generally and yeah, there's this growing man who's he's completely tough
 And he was just but yeah, I feel like teenage boys can cope with a lot of uh, weird stuff
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show that is my fact my fact is the man who invented the karaoke machine
 Also invented a device you could throw at robbers as they ran away. So they would be indelibly died
 Oh
 That's that died. No, sorry. Sorry. You cover them in dye. Um, so this is a guy
 Who's called shigetchi negishi and he has just died
 And again, I'm using the died word to mean he's he's passed away this year aged 100
 He was born in 1923 amazing and he invented the karaoke machine
 So japan had all these kind of early versions that were kind of approaching karaoke
 And he was in the right place at the right time
 He ran his own electronics firm basically and there was a radio show called pop songs without lyrics
 Which is quite karaoke-ish, you know, they just play the songs and then you can sing along
 and he was teased about his singing voice brutally by his boss and
 He he was sad about that and he thought maybe it would sound better if he had a professional proper backing track
 Behind him and so he wasn't just singing along to the radio
 So he asked a colleague to hook up a microphone and he could hear himself singing then
 Over the recording so rather than just him singing. He's hearing himself through the speakers
 And that's what he set up and he called that the sparko box and that is basically the first karaoke machine
 Yeah, that's amazing. He's invented this this other thing as well
 So ironically the thing that's famous for revealing people's inability to sing was made by someone who wanted to improve his singing
 That was tragic. Yeah, and there was actually loads of people like you say who kind of claimed
 Invention of the karaoke machine, right because it was of its time
 It was just like let you say there was this program on and lots of people doing it
 There was another guy called Inui Daisuke and he had been he was a keyboard player
 And people used to invite him around to play keyboard so they could sing because it would improve their performance
 And then so many people were asking him that he thought well, maybe I'll come up with a way of recording my
 Keyboard playing and then people can use that as a backing track
 But he also invented a cockroach repellent
 So he was also a double inventor
 It's so interesting. People. How did you repell cockroaches? Oh, that's a great question. He's in trouble now. No, it doesn't
 I don't know is the answer. Um, but the problem was that his karaoke machines were getting infested by cockroaches
 I know it's not the cockroaches fault
 I know that they just like karaoke machines, but they would get inside build nests and chew on the wires
 Have you not seen joe's apartment?
 Who's apartment joe's apartment is the film with the singing cockroaches
 No, no, it's this tenement building in new york and the guy moves in and the whole place is falling down
 So the cockroaches all start helping each other, but they're always singing
 So maybe that's why they were in the karaoke machines because they really liked it. No, it's pretty ratatouille
 Yeah, it's like a it's like a much i'm sorry less cute version of ratatouille. I'm sorry
 Can I ask erica we would discuss him before the mites came on about
 How if you read a book or watch a movie where it's not entomologically correct
 You don't enjoy it quite as much. Okay, right Jurassic park when it came out
 Okay
 Okay, there was no we we ignored the dinosaur bit. We just let that go
 But when they had old dicky with his little uh stave and it had the mosquito in it
 The first scene of that is not a mosquito. It's a crane flower. No
 And I'm like, oh god, and then they do show a mosquito and it's a male and we're like no because males don't
 Click blood and and it's so big. We think actually it was the toxic iron kites
 Which obviously you all know that even the females don't love feed
 So we were like in entomological rage almost every film that you ever watch would have a fly or some sort of insects
 In the background even just flying around, right? So really every film should employ an entomologist just to make sure
 Yeah, yeah, you come up with a website fly mdb. Yeah
 Some movies, yeah
 Fat karaoke. Oh, yeah quickly. Are you guys karaoke fans? I do. I love karaoke. Do you?
 Well, no, I mean these days now that I have a child and no life. I don't do it so much
 But I certainly used to do it all the I used to do it every week
 I've never invited arson to be honest. I'm okay with that me and jenny ryan from the chase. We used to do
 Yeah, yeah, we got asked in australia to leave a bar because we weren't respecting the karaoke. Oh really?
 Yeah, what do you mean? Well, we were we were laughing too much
 Um, it was very much will you go you were breaking into the machines getting the cockroaches out?
 We were just we were just not respecting because it is a really serious
 They do take it very seriously in a lot of asian countries
 And what I found really interesting is that it's particularly huge in japan
 Of course it was invented and you know everyone still does it
 And it's also very big in europe certainly and I think outside of asia is biggest in finland
 And I was reading an article about this and lots of people said the same thing
 Which is that both of them have populations that are quite reserved
 Or the finland one was saying that finnish people tend to be quite reserved and a lot of the fins who love karaoke
 Were saying it's kind of a way of going out without having to spontaneously communicate with each other
 Because you can go out and you just have to do this other thing. I see you like doing a pub quiz. That's a very good
 I do like that kind of activity. There you go like a game one which replaces proper communication. Yeah, exactly
 What does karaoke mean? It means empty orchestra
 And the term existed before uh mr. Negishi came up with his sparko box
 It was an industry term and it was when singers went around the country to rural areas
 They would sometimes not have an orchestra with them
 So they would play with a just a tape like a tape backing them. They'd do the gig but the orchestra was empty
 Uh, it can be bad for you. Can it yeah 2019
 There was a man whose lung collapsed
 Due to the high lung pressure caused by singing high notes according to the paper
 There was a study in 2003 saying that people who sing regularly in this was in Korea
 They have sounds higher than 95 decibels and it can cause hearing damage
 Do you know what there's a
 Slightly off-track you're just talking about hearing damage. There's a uh, it's a micro nectar
 It's a tiny little water bug and it stridulates with its penis and thankfully it's in water because otherwise it's 99 decibels
 Oh
 Like an orchestra front row of an orchestra and that's nice. Is Mozart or my list?
 Well, I presume he's trying to be as nice as possible because we're trying to attract the ladies
 So, yeah, wouldn't it be amazing if humans did that and that's what your orchestra was. Yeah, just the the string section
 Um, but this is the thing about so mr. Negishi invented this thing but he invented lots of other stuff too and inventors frequently do
 Yeah, they're inventing things kind of the way business people. It doesn't actually matter what the business is what they're good at is doing business
 You know what I mean and the inventors invent and that thing
 I like they
 Can I drop the plug with the book because the whole yeah, so this right recent book is all about
 People looking at nature going do you know what that's amazing and let's think about how we can copy it
 My favorite ones are like a maggot and they they're making tiny little nano robots
 That look like maggots that can actually now go through your body some of the maggots. They're looking at um encapsulating medicine
 You know, they're they're being inspired by these things already there
 And I love the fact that people are looking at nature in a different way
 So it's all different people some of them might be artists some of them might be you know engineers
 Some of them are medics so lots and lots of different disciplines
 And I think that's what's really great
 Evolution has taken millions of years to get the insects to where they are
 And we're just nicking it and we're just in the last minute coming in taking the glory. Have you got a favorite invention based on that?
 I quite like our debridement therapy. So this is maggots eating necrotic flesh
 Oh, yeah. Yeah, I love that one and the fact that we can get it on the nhs
 Can you can anyone get it? Yeah, great. I'll I'll ask well you have to bring your own necrotic flesh
 I think you can't just say I'd like some maggots, please
 No, and they come now in little like teabags. So because people get offended by maggots crawling around their flesh. I prefer loose leaf
 I read the other day that
 Fiennes fly traps, which you probably hate Erika because they eat flies
 But they will also eat human athlete's foot
 Skin if you feed it to them someone tried it and it worked
 But they won't you can't put your foot in and then pull it out an hour later and
 You mean like those fish that nibble? Yeah, exactly. Yeah
 Your shopping center experience went really badly, didn't it?
 But no that is
 I think you'd need to wiggle it about because the trap won't close unless it thinks it's an insect, right?
 So right, okay, you need to get a piece of athlete's foot skin off your foot
 Wiggle it around so that it closes on it, but it will digest it and it will eat it
 Oh
 Beautiful. Um, can I send you my favorite inventor? Yeah, I'll tell Fisher. So he died in 2016
 He had 1100 patents to his name
 And his main thing is the Fisher wall plug
 So you you will know what this is. It's that little plastic wall plug that you you drill a hole
 You stick the plug in the hole and then you can put a screw in
 And it means you can hang things off a wall
 Which you couldn't if you just shoved a screw in because screws don't work like that
 This man is a hero
 He I just think he's great and I didn't really realize that had been invented by someone but it was it was by him
 Does he have any is that his only one have you read the full 1100? I haven't I've read a few more
 I've read a few I read a couple of obituaries. So he also he also invented. I like these two edible building blocks for very young children
 So just in case they try to eat
 It's like fraggle rock. Yeah
 They just you can the diggers you've made they build all these buildings and the fraggles would just eat them
 Exactly, exactly like that. I love fraggle rock. Don't worry. We're on the same page. My god. You've got Andy here to understand all your references
 Thanks. He's had several of them today. Thank you for that
 and the other
 The other one of my things which is one of my favorites is a plastic egg holder which could be stretched to fit any standard size egg
 Not wait for his extra large
 So you can go from a goose to
 Again, I think standard size probably means hens. Yeah, yeah, but I mean
 What a thing was the world crying out for that. I wonder I've never found my egg cup is not sufficient
 It's probably is probably lower down the list of his 1100. Yeah, that's really cool
 Erica, have you ever used a puta? Oh, yes
 I have and I use a puta a lot
 Um, we have to be careful where we use the term puta because if any of you speak spanish
 There's a very different meaning in spanish. Does it it's an insulting term for a lady
 It's a lady of the night. Oh, of course
 And so I when I was in hodorious and they're like, what are you getting your suitcase? And I'm like 13 putas
 And they're like what and I'm like, yeah
 And I give everyone their puta. What is a puta? It's an aspirator. So I and a follow-up question there
 It enables us to suck up insects. You suck a straw thing and then the
 Insect goes through another straw and into a box. Is that right? Kind of. Yeah. So it's nowadays when I when I was little
 We didn't put gauze over the end. So if you were if you miss sucked, you would end up with spiders in your mouth
 I only bring it up because it was invented by a guy called Frederick Poo's
 Really named after him. Yeah, Frederick William Poo's
 He's another one. Um, just for your information, Erica
 Andy collects names of people that are verbs and Frederick Poo's is one short sentences
 That's a sentence people. Yeah, Frederick Poo's. That's absolute slam dunk
 My my favorite author who wrote the book on the cow dunk community of invertebrates whose name is Peter Skidmore
 Which always makes me giggle
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening
 If you'd like to get in contact with us about any of the things that we've said over the course of this podcast
 We can be found on our twitter accounts. I'm @andrewhunterm james at james harkin Erica fly girl
 nhm
 Anna
 You can get in touch with us on instagram at no such thing as a fish or on twitter on at no such thing
 Or you can email podcast at qi.com. That's right
 And if you go to no such thing as a fish.com you can find lots of episodes there
 You can also find the sacred portal to club fish, which is where we keep our exclusive private members lounge
 Complete with and free shows
 Private exclusive content free peanuts free peanuts
 So many peanuts
 It's really fun club fish. It's great. If you haven't joined club fish. What are you waiting for go and join right?
 What is more important than that andy? Oh buying Erica's book. Yes, and Erica. What's it called metamorphosis?
 How insects are changing our world make sure you put the last bit in otherwise you might get a kafka novella
 Oh, yeah awesome. Ovid
 Ovid metamorphosis. I think that's metamorphosis technically, of course
 And with that last incredibly productive correction, it's time to end the show. Thank you very much Erica. Thank you everybody. Thank you for listening. Goodbye
 Bye
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
