 Hi guys, just before we start this episode,
 just to let you know, we will be recording
 the first episode of series two of no such things
 the news next week.
 And we're recording that live on Tuesday.
 And for the middle section of the TV show,
 we would like to use the most interesting facts
 that you guys, our audience, has learned from the news
 over the past seven days.
 So if you've seen anything interesting in the news,
 tweet it to @QIPodcast, email podcast@QI.com
 or post it up on the no such things a fish Facebook page.
 And we'll pick our favorites and news in the middle of the show.
 OK, hope you enjoyed this show, which
 is a recording of the dummy run for no such things
 the news that we did live last week on with the show.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Now, hello, and welcome to another episode
 of no such thing as the news coming
 to you from Up the Creek in Greenwich, London.
 My name is Dan Shriver, and I'm sitting here
 with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 [APPLAUSE]
 Once again, we're here to present the most interesting stories
 we found in the news of the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go, starting with you, Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that one of these stalls
 at the Conservative Party conference this week
 is a grounds shooting simulator.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sort of normal ordinary things as struggling families.
 So this is in the mirror, in fact.
 So a mirror journalist went around the Conservative Party
 conference and made a list of the most
 Tory things at the Tory conference.
 And that unsurprisingly made the list.
 Well, the grass simulator, you obviously
 saw what it looks like.
 It's like a little thing that you attach on this kind of fake gun,
 but you can attach it on your own gun if you want to.
 It's so inclined.
 How many people at the Conservative conference went,
 "Oh, actually, I've brought my own gun."
 And actually, there's a lady called
 Danka Batekeva, who's Slovakian, who
 used this grounds simulator when she was training
 for the London Olympics.
 And she won a medal at the London Olympics.
 Really?
 Oh, cool.
 So it's a useful and interesting thing,
 and not just chance for landowners
 to show off their shooting prowess.
 I have to say, reading about the Tory party conference,
 I just thought it looks so fun.
 I know, politically, you could sit on either side,
 but as an event, it looks so much fun.
 And I went on Twitter and I thought,
 I wonder if people are tweeting about this saying,
 this is really fun.
 And they were.
 So many people were just--
 because it was a hashtag CPC16.
 And I put CPC16 fun.
 And it just came up with all these tweets going.
 If you search CPC16 crap, you would have got a lot of these.
 Well, I search CPC16 boring.
 And actually, today, there was a lot of boring stuff going on,
 mainly about Hammond speech.
 I don't know if you heard about Hammond speech.
 So there were a few tweets, I saved.
 One that said, Hammond so boring, TFL
 wants to use him on the tunnels for the London Crossrail.
 Project.
 Good.
 And then on the fun side, because there
 were lots of fun tweets.
 This guy said, fucking hell.
 It's 1/3 in the morning, and I'm listening to two men
 arguing about the Turnstile Act of 1963.
 And the CPC16 is so fun at eggs.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I think you might be missing a note of sarcasm
 because that was his speech.
 I am here to tell you, having been to party conference
 or two, that they are all lying.
 The people who want to be promoted within the Tory party
 are going, so it is not in their interest to go,
 this is a fucking waste of time, isn't it?
 I think they have to say, I'm having the time of my lying.
 I don't know, because there was an owl
 that you could hold on your arm.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's a real owl.
 It's a real owl.
 Unfortunately, a lot of Tories brought their own guns,
 and that owl didn't like that.
 It wasn't mixed up.
 They shouldn't put those two things next to each other.
 One person, I'm not sure he was having a great time,
 is Camden Councillor Johnny Bucknell,
 who spent the conference sleeping in his car.
 And what he thinks is, these conferences shouldn't
 be held in big cities, where all the hotels are really
 expensive.
 They should be held in like Blackpool,
 where it's £10 a night or something.
 That's what he said.
 And so I looked at the other things that he's
 done in the last year or so.
 And this is all that's in the news about him.
 He was £30,000 for being a Shiny landlord.
 And he was told off for eating roast duck
 during a town hall meeting, after which he vowed to campaign
 for the right to have a roast meal during meetings.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you know what you could get at the Lib Dem conference?
 This year.
 There's another bit of murder.
 A seat?
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 I think you'll find James seats are the one thing.
 The Lib Dem conference's struggling way.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, they also have--
 I mean, all the party conferences are there in March.
 But the Lib Dem conference, you can get branded
 18th birthday cards, Lib Dem themed,
 in a pack of 50, for someone who has 50,
 young nephews or nieces.
 Don't worry, darling.
 You can sell them to pay off your student loan.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was the Looney conference this week,
 earlier this week, for the Monster Raven Looney party.
 They held it in Blackpool, Uncle Tom's cabin pub.
 And I went on the website, and they
 had a whole load of things that was going to happen there.
 And they said, very sorry to say that Vince Cornwall
 and his rodent rap show will not be appearing this year.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Vince has had surgery and been told to take it easy,
 although he is open about, I will be attending with Andrew
 the Rat.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There was an incident at the UKIP party conference,
 which was in September.
 One of the failed leadership candidates
 called Lisa Duffy went out for dinner.
 The conference was in Bournemouth.
 And the place was raided by immigration officials
 who wanted to check the visa status of the people working
 in the restaurant.
 And apparently, the chef she said ran away into the night.
 So she said, watching our chef running away into the night
 is apron flapping in the wind with a surreal moment.
 Turned out, they were all completely legally working in the UK.
 So I have no idea why he ran away.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Could be the idea of having to serve a whole bunch of UKIP candidates
 at the end of the day.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The journalists and politicians
 have a football match at every Labour and Tory party
 conference, which I didn't realise.
 So this year, the lobby 11, which is the team of journalists,
 played the Tory MPs.
 And a Tory's lost five to this year.
 In 2014, they lost seven to.
 That's because they're all on the right wing.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Another thing that's been in the news
 and is related to football this week is the Hungarian referendum.
 So this is a referendum as to whether Hungary wants
 to allow the EU to force that they take in.
 Only another 1,300, I think, asylum seekers.
 And they voted against it.
 But the Prime Minister of Hungary, Victor Orban,
 who brought this referendum, is a former footballer,
 and he features in the 2006 edition of Football Manager.
 So if anyone has that, he's there.
 He plays for Feltzut FC.
 He-- yeah, yeah.
 Speaking of games and also simulators,
 the top app at the moment is a simulator.
 This is PewDiePie's YouTuber simulator,
 where you get to pretend to be a YouTuber.
 It's a great game.
 What, so do you-- you wear a simulator
 and you're just looking into a camera and going,
 oh, my life's so crazy, I just--
 Amazingly, it's even more boring than that.
 You're a character on your phone,
 and you're in your bedroom with a computer,
 and you have to make videos.
 You don't get to really make videos.
 You just get to pretend to make videos.
 And then they get views, and you get money for that,
 and you can buy more things to decorate your bedroom with.
 Your fake bedroom?
 Your fake bedroom, yeah.
 I played it this morning, which is why my research
 is a bit kind of short this week.
 No, I made a video.
 It got 13 views and three subscribers,
 and it got me enough money to buy a cardboard box.
 It was quite in my bedroom.
 And then I had to wait for it to get delivered,
 and it certainly would take 30 seconds, and my app crashed,
 and it took me three minutes.
 And then I just got bored, and I stopped playing.
 And this app is made by the same people
 who made goats simulator, a game in which players can drag things,
 wiggle things, throw things, and lick things.
 I think it needs to be specifying what thing.
 There's a new virtual reality simulator out as well,
 so you put it on your head.
 And what it is, the game is your lonely cow
 in a field.
 Yeah, genuinely.
 And there's no other cows.
 And people come, and they taser you, and force you into a truck.
 And it's meant to raise awareness about how cows
 are being treated in the world today.
 It doesn't sound that fun.
 Does it now? I say that now.
 Well, the pictures look amazing, because you're on all fours,
 and you're just walking around your living room,
 occasionally going, oh, when you're tasered.
 And there's another one where you can be a piece of coral,
 it's another virtual reality simulator, and you sit,
 and you're a piece of coral, and you watch the reef decay
 from acids that are let into the water.
 The one thing I know about coral is they get
 most of their nutrients from urine.
 They get it from fish urine.
 So parents don't buy this game for your children.
 We need to move on in a sex, or an X-Fact.
 Anything before we do? Just back to politics, one thing.
 So there's been an election in Brazil for the mayor of Sao Paulo,
 and the man who has won is the host
 of the Brazilian version of the apprentice.
 Oh, oh! Oh!
 Yeah. I know.
 What are the chances it'll happen twice in one day?
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that comets sound like a cross
 between a cat and a dolphin.
 Yeah.
 You mean the noise that they make?
 I mean, the noise they make.
 So this week, the comets 67P Churuyumov-Garassimenko,
 the Rosetta satellite has the probe.
 We call it a probe.
 Probe? Probe.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's weird when people shout "probe" at you.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm used to it. OK, go.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So they've gathered so much data from this comet
 that they never had before, and one of the things they found
 is it gives us this low-frequency hum,
 and they're not exactly clear why it might be
 because it has charged particles in the gas and the dust jets
 that it gives out, and I think we can play it.
 This is a sped up version of it, because it's normally
 above the range.
 [PHONE RINGING]
 That's kind of dolphin-ing?
 I hear the dolphin.
 Yeah.
 Imagine it, but more like a cat.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Imagine pressing it together.
 It sounds like a cat purring a bit.
 Anyway, that's the noise it makes.
 I think it does sound like a cat purring.
 Yeah, more than a dolphin, in fact.
 But that is very sped up, isn't it?
 So actually, it's like one of those noises every 20 minutes
 or something, the dolphin that clicks very infrequently.
 And have we had to manufacture that sound?
 Because it doesn't quite-- we can't send sound back,
 so they're picking up signals of what the sound should be
 generating.
 That's a recreation.
 That's someone in a-- that's like in TV
 when you have to make boot sounds on the ground.
 They're trying to do what?
 Comet.
 Oh, and that's-- that's another--
 Get me a dolphin, yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [INAUDIBLE]
 It's not quite that.
 They've copied and pasted the vibrations
 that are being emitted by the comet into radio waves
 so that we can hear them.
 They haven't just hired a cat.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Actually, doesn't it smell like cat pee?
 Yeah, it smells like cat pee.
 And it looks like a duck.
 I'm wondering if this is a comet or something.
 If it looks like a duck, sounds like a dolphin
 and a cat and smells like cat urine.
 It's Comet's 67P. Do you know we don't know if it changed?
 It's tuned, though.
 And so-- [LAUGHTER]
 So, Halley's Comet has been studied before,
 and it makes a completely different thing
 as a completely different song when it gets closer to the sun.
 And so we're still waiting on the dates to come back
 as to whether the tune now sounds more like a duck or a giraffe
 or whatever weird.
 And we want to compare it to--
 Hey, speaking of Halley's Comet, do you
 know when the next time we're going to see Halley's Comet is?
 Oh, well, the last one was when probably when I was a teenager,
 so it'll be another probably 45s, 0.6 years,
 something like that.
 October 20th.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And I'm older than I think.
 No, I've just got the word hubris in my notes here.
 You could send me 50 birthday cards.
 I hope you liked him, found him.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Now, what this is is that Halley's Comet, when it flies by,
 it obviously leaves a trail behind it.
 And so on October 20th, we're going to come into the path
 of the debris trail that it left behind when we saw it.
 And so, if you're in the north of Wales, October 20th,
 and it lasts for quite a long time because it's a long trail,
 you'll see meteor showers coming in.
 And you'll be able to watch the debris of Halley's Comet
 coming in, and it happens every year.
 That is great.
 I don't know if it counts as seeing a comet
 if you're seeing what it's excreted as it's possible.
 It's walking into a room two years after someone faster than it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Terry, hi.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So this thing, with just back to the comet quickly,
 they've discovered a lot of stuff.
 So, for example, they discovered a new kind of carbon,
 which was really complicated, not like the kind of carbon
 that we're made of.
 And there was an interview with a team member
 of Resetta, a good Evie cotton.
 He said, "It is so complex.
 We can't give it a proper formula or a name."
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's so complex.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They don't even need it.
 Do they keep trying?
 They're like, we'll call it--
 [LAUGHTER]
 [INAUDIBLE]
 And have we said why this is in the news this week?
 Rosetta, which is the probe, which went around the comet,
 it's crashed into the comet and it's the end of its life, isn't it?
 It's not actually the end of its life.
 It's just cuss off its phone conversation with us.
 Yeah.
 It's kind of heubristic of us to assume that it's not dead.
 Well, that's true.
 But you see, because it's like solar power, isn't it?
 So they were thinking, well, maybe we could just kind of land
 it softly, and then next time it goes near the sun,
 it can power up again.
 Well, they weren't sure if that was going to work.
 And then so one of the scientists at the ESA, Matt Taylor,
 said they'd rather go out in true rock and roll style
 and crash into the comet.
 It's weird that he said that because they crashed into the comet
 two miles an hour.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's walking pace.
 That is walking pace.
 It's rolled into a comet.
 The most interesting thing for me about the whole thing
 is that we did find out amazing information
 about the makeup of comets and so on.
 And they think that there might be bits of it
 that suggest how life may have arrived on Earth.
 But for me, what's really interesting
 is on the actual probe risetta,
 they included a thing called the risetta disk.
 I don't know if you remember Voyager years and years ago
 had a golden disk on it that had songs from Earth languages.
 Yeah, it's languages.
 Exactly.
 So they've created a 7.5-centimeter nickel disk
 that has 1,000 languages on it.
 It's basically its nickel, and you can use a microscope
 to head in towards, and you can read a thousand languages.
 So for a second time, we've ceded the idea of language
 that may die very soon into the universe, which is quite cool.
 It would just sit there.
 All the aliens that have just finished building a record player.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, great.
 Finally, we can-- oh, wait, what's this for, man?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Risetta took 116,000 photos on the mission,
 and it sent back 218 gigabytes of data.
 I don't even say it sent back 218 of them.
 Like it's taken so far feet.
 No, no, no, no.
 It sent back 218 gigabytes of data.
 And I worked out that what that would be
 is 872 copies of the film Deep Impact.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's the only version I could find of the film Deep Impact
 online was dubbed into Tamil.
 So it might be slightly more or fewer.
 Speaking of Deep Impact, I was surprised
 that no one has got angry about the fact
 so far that Risetta has gone into the actual comet,
 because in 2005, NASA crashed their probe Deep Impact
 into a comet called Tempel-1, and an astrologer
 tried to sue NASA, saying that they
 had upset the balance of the universe.
 Well, all of these horoscopes are bollocks now, aren't they?
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, so we're halfway through the show,
 and it's time to look at the stories that you've sent
 into us via emails and social media, starting with James.
 OK, this one comes from a David Smith.
 It's @dvdsmith on Twitter, and it comes from the independent.
 A Russian children's charity has had a million flyers
 printed asking people to exterminate beavers.
 That's due to a misprint.
 It should have read, do good.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Anna?
 This is a tweet from @iOfCever, and it comes from the Florida Sun
 Posts, and it's a story that a 68-year-old man who
 married a 24-year-old woman only to discover
 when looking through family photos that she's
 a strange biological granddaughter said they have no plans
 to divorce.
 He said, "I've already had two failed marriages,
 and I'm determined not to have a third."
 And finally, Andy.
 My fact has been sent in from Kenzie Lee.
 An employee of the Canadian Mint is currently on trial accused
 of smuggling £100,000 worth of gold out of the building
 in his rectum.
 He kept on setting off the metal detector when he was leaving.
 And they kept on doing a sort of pat down search.
 Nothing there, OK, well.
 And then they found some gold pucks and a tub of Vaseline
 in his locker.
 And he maintains that this is completely circumstantial evidence
 as well.
 Anyway, here's the moment innocent until proven guilty.
 Until proven really weird.
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that Nobel Prize winners always
 immediately return their award so they don't lose it
 in the subsequent party.
 This makes it sound like as soon as they get the award,
 it kicks off.
 So I think the key to the fun that they have,
 because they definitely do have fun, is that.
 They made sure that every year 200 of the 1,300 seats
 there are allocated to students from the uni.
 Yes, so that's what it is.
 And a lot of the parties are led by students.
 So the best part of the Nobel Prize ceremony, apparently,
 is the after party, and it's called Nobel Nightcap.
 Do you know what they make the Nobel laureates do?
 Shots.
 They induct them into the order of the ever smiling
 and jumping green frog.
 And everyone, like Richard Feynman, was a part of it.
 Richard Feynman was really excited because, as well,
 as playing the bongos, he's an amazing physicist.
 Most people just know him as a bongo player.
 He was involved in science as well.
 And yeah, and they gave him one of these awards.
 And he was really excited because he
 does an awesome frog impression.
 So he was like, oh, finally, can bust this out of this.
 And it's not weird.
 And so what they do is they get people who've won the prizes,
 usually in physics, to be-- they have to leap like a frog.
 And they also have a massive paper mache frog
 that they have to carry all the way back
 to the origin place of the frog.
 So people who've just won the biggest award in science
 can be seen at 2 a.m. with a huge paper mache frog.
 For real ones, it changes every year.
 The formality is, and sometimes it's
 a person dressed up as a frog.
 They mix it up all the time.
 Of course, you say physics.
 And it is the Nobel prizes this week, isn't it?
 Yes.
 And the physics prize has just been won by three British people.
 Yeah.
 Which is great.
 So there is a lot of partying, and it is very fun.
 But there also is the actual ceremony bit, which
 is very serious.
 And so all Nobel laureates get a course
 in how to receive the actual prize from the king.
 So there was actually a British Nobel prize winner
 called Paul Nurse.
 And they use his video as an example of how not to accept it.
 He got his medal turned around and held it up
 like he'd won the World Cup in football, a classic Brit.
 And they edited that out from his winning video.
 And they apparently show that in the demonstration
 of how to receive it by how not to receive it.
 He could have done worse.
 He could have been, like, Kanut Hanson,
 who won the 1920 electric surprise.
 You don't need to tell us, Jane.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He got drunk and he pulled the whiskers
 of an elderly Nobel committee man.
 And then he snapped his finger against the corset
 of his fellow laureates' secret unset and shouted,
 "It sounds like a bellboy."
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was a different time.
 So they give you the actual gold medal when you win.
 And for some reason, the economics one is very slightly
 larger than all the other fights on the white.
 It is 10 grams bigger, isn't it?
 10 grams, I don't know why.
 No explanation.
 But so there was a guy called Brian Schmidt,
 who won the 2011 prize for physics
 for discovering dark energy, basically.
 And he went to his granny.
 She lives in Fargo, made famous, obviously,
 by the film and the TV series.
 And then on his way out at the airport,
 it was in his laptop bag.
 And it came up on the screen as this completely black disc
 that's made of gold.
 And the airport guys were a bit freaked out.
 And he reported the conversation they had.
 He said, they're like, sir, there's something in your bag.
 He said, yes, I think it's this box.
 They said, what's in the box?
 He said, a large gold medal.
 They opened it and they said, what's it made out of?
 And he says, gold.
 And then they said, who gave this to you?
 And then he says, the king of Sweden.
 They say, why did he give this to you?
 And he says, because I help discover
 the expansion rate of the universe is accelerating.
 At which point, they were beginning
 to lose their sense of humor.
 And he tells them it's a Nobel Prize.
 And he says, and their main question was, why were you in Fargo?
 He could have saved a lot of problems
 if he's smuggled it in his rectum.
 It's big, though.
 At least it's not the economics one.
 As well as the medal, you obviously
 get the massive cash prize.
 Why is it like a million dollars?
 Well, if fluctuates, I've read this article
 where they talked about how people who've won the Nobel Prize,
 how scientists have spent the money that they've won.
 One interesting one was Albert Einstein
 who gave his money over to his first wife.
 He gave it in 1921.
 That's when he won it.
 But actually, he signed it over to her
 when they were divorcing in 1919.
 So he said, if I ever win the Nobel Prize,
 you can have the money in the divorce and then he won it.
 And she got the money, which is amazing.
 You know they have the banquet?
 Yeah.
 So the 1300 guest banquet is incredible.
 And sometimes there's major goss from the banquet.
 So I was trying to look for a scandal at the banquet.
 And get this, guys.
 This is according to the Svenska Dagbladet newspaper.
 Last year, the biggest scandal was a minor faux pas,
 which meant the king was last at his table
 to be served the source for the main course.
 It's amazing when you get that inside scoop.
 Hey, in banquet gossip.
 I have to say--
 I don't think it's going to cap the source incident.
 You're right.
 It goes alongside it.
 So there's this blog written by a former planning
 secretary for the banquet, talking about the issues she
 come up against.
 And one of the things is a seating plan, which
 is very difficult with 1,300 people.
 So obviously, a lot of colleagues attend together,
 because they're on the same science research group.
 And she says, seating plans do sometimes
 request that they be seated as far from their colleagues
 as possible.
 People who sit.
 There was one a few years ago where an American attendee,
 and a Swedish attendee who didn't know each other,
 were sat next to each other, and they're still married today.
 So that's nice.
 So nice.
 And there was one where one of the Nobel laureates
 invited his ex-wife and his wife, and apparently,
 the Nobel committee received strict instructions
 to seat the ladies as far apart as possible,
 without any possibility of eye contacts.
 Wow.
 Luckily, it was the peace prize.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is, my fact.
 My fact this week is that two recently recovered stolen
 vangoff paintings would buy you enough cocaine
 that you could snort a continuous line from here to Moscow.
 And you'd still have a bit left over for when you get there.
 So the reason that we know this is that two,
 you may have seen in the news this week, two very famously stolen
 vangoff paintings, which were taken back in 2002
 from the Vangoff Museum in Amsterdam were recovered.
 And they were found in Italy, near Naples,
 in the property of a famous cocaine mafia cartel.
 And the idea is that they were using these paintings as currency.
 So we found out how much one vangoff would be worth.
 We doubled it, and then we worked out how much cocaine
 that would be equivalent to--
 It's a shame that you have to make this swap,
 because once you're given away the paintings,
 you've got nothing to snort the cocaine off of it.
 Because that's the most rock 'n' roll moment of your life.
 When these two paintings disappeared,
 they actually found the people that they thought may have stolen it.
 I mean, it's a guy sent-- there were two people sent to prison, weren't they?
 Yes.
 The main one was called Octave Durham.
 And he was known to the police as the monkey,
 because he was so good at evading arrest.
 As monkeys are.
 I'm going to try to slap the cuffs on the monkey.
 They've got the little claws.
 I checked, and actually only two monkeys
 have been arrested in the last year.
 One was for harassing locals in Mumbai,
 and the other was after a high-speed chase in Washington State.
 He was sitting on the back of the guy who was driving,
 so it hardly seems fair, and they did let it go quite quickly afterwards.
 But still in the rest.
 So they never recovered the paintings from them,
 but they assumed it was them, because at the site,
 they found their DNA on the ropes, on the ladders,
 and on both hats that they left behind.
 Like a monkey, where's that?
 The banana peels everywhere.
 So one of the things is that they got four years jail sentence,
 and they were denying it, obviously, that they'd stolen it.
 And they thought maybe the reason they hadn't admitted to it,
 and probably played against them in the trial,
 is the fact that Dutch law states that if there is a stolen bit of art,
 and it's missing for 30 years, whoever is in possession of it, owns it.
 So they thought that they were going to wait 30 years,
 and then go, oh, look what we found, and then legally, that's fine.
 Incredible, isn't it, that that might be true?
 Yeah. But they own it, but would they still go into prison
 for committing the crime?
 Yeah, probably.
 Well, they did the time, I guess.
 They did the four years for the theft.
 Apparently, all these old laws date from the time when Amsterdam
 were massive parts where people could steal things and then just disappear.
 And so they have a load of kind of slightly weird arcane laws
 that still are on the statute books.
 We have a law about that.
 We have a Finders Keepers law, where if you find something
 had been to the police, and a few weeks later, it's been unclamed,
 you get it.
 Is there a loser's weepers law?
 [LAUGHTER]
 There has been another development in art, theft news.
 So the FBI has a top 10 art crimes list, which I didn't know.
 And one of them is theft in 1990 from the Isabella Stewart Gardner Museum in Boston.
 And this year, the FBI dug up the garden of a mafia boss,
 called Roberto Gentile, to try to find it.
 It didn't find any of the paintings that were missing.
 And this is the evidence they've got against him.
 He did a polygraph test, which assessed the likelihood
 he was telling the truth about not being
 involved at less than 0.1%.
 He was found to have a handwritten list of the stolen artworks and their values.
 And he was recorded telling an FBI agent he had two of the stolen paintings.
 Well, this is the biggest ever art theft in the US.
 And the way they did it is so movies star-style.
 They dressed up as policemen, these two guys.
 And they turned up and said to the security guards,
 hey, we got a call about disturbance in this art gallery full of priceless things.
 Can we get in?
 And so the security guards let them in.
 And then as soon as they'd been let in, they said, in your face, this is the robbery.
 I think they did-- in fact, I think they were quite polite about it.
 They did the classic thing.
 They said, gentlemen, this is a robbery.
 And then tied them up and stole the stuff.
 Kim Kardashian got robbed in Shibuya.
 And they reckon that might have been the Pink Panther gang,
 who apparently have lots of these kind of tricks.
 Like, sometimes they get away on bikes, dressed as women,
 and sometimes they get away in speedboats and one time,
 so they didn't get spotted.
 They put wet paint signs on all the benches nearby,
 so no one would sit on them.
 And always with the theme tune.
 There's-- I read an interesting story about art heists.
 So there was a story about a guy who he was called Radu Dogara.
 And he stole $26.38 million worth of art.
 And so he was caught and he was going to trial.
 And he said that he was willing to divulge where all of the art was.
 The only condition was that he got a Dutch trial instead of a Romanian trial,
 because it turns out that the laws are different in every different country
 for how severe a sentence you get for stealing art.
 And the Dutch laws are way less severe than they are in Romania,
 where they're extremely severe.
 So it's a difference between four years in jail or 20 years in jail.
 So I looked for the best place to steal art from.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And it turns out it's on Norwegian cruises.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 So a guy, a Kentucky native, called Kevin Hudgens, he recently stole it.
 It was a copy of a Rembrandt, still worth about $13,000 American dollars.
 And he stole it, but he happened to steal it while the cruiser he was on,
 docked in Bermuda.
 And in Bermuda, they just don't care.
 They're like, that's fine.
 And his trial, because wherever the boat docks, that's where you are the law of.
 And so he got fined $500 for stealing it.
 As opposed to 20 years in jail, had he docked in Romania, for example.
 So if you're on a cruise and there's a good bit of art, check out where you're docking.
 Check out the cruise's Romania.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But if you're heading to Bermuda, have a look at the walls on the ship.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I mean, Romania is-- it's not completely like Mott,
 but there's not that many cruises go there at all.
 Has anyone else been researching cocaine news just quickly on that?
 So this is a story from last week in Seattle.
 The police got handed a suitcase, which had been lost.
 And they said, well, let's look inside and see if we can find any clues to whoever might have owned it.
 They opened it up.
 They found 31 bags of cocaine, a scale for all the cocaine.
 Some marijuana, because you got bored of cocaine.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [LAUGHTER]
 And a 19-year-old man's ID card and mobile phone.
 [LAUGHTER]
 A little while after this had been handed in,
 a 19-year-old man approached police, saying he had lost his briefcase,
 and he needed it back as it contained some extremely important paperwork.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, man.
 He was arrested because of all the cocaine.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 I found one bit of cocaine news.
 It's a study, a new study.
 Scientists have found that cocaine makes fish feel drowsy.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, they gave some cocaine to some zebrafish.
 And also, they can take 100 times more cocaine than mice can,
 and 1,000 times more cocaine than humans can.
 Wow.
 What, but they're just blinking very, very fast.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Slow.
 I guess it's slowing down.
 Yeah, it's slowing down.
 Oh, yeah, of course.
 It's sour.
 There was another study on cocaine in the last week, actually.
 So, it runs out that.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's not turning into cocaine news.
 What's going to cocaine news?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you want news?
 We got news.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The reason Andy's so anxious is that it's most likely
 his cocaine is cut with a flesh-eating substance.
 So 65% of cocaine in this country is now cut with this thing called levamisol,
 which literally rot human flesh.
 And so, yeah, I know, nice.
 It's used by farmers to poach their livestock of parasitic worms, usually.
 But it also serves this extra purpose.
 But it keeps the weight off.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 OK, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Just time to share with you the four stories
 that we didn't have time to get through during the show.
 And we're going to start with mine.
 My fact is that North Korea has banned sarcasm
 because Tim Jong-un is worried that people
 are only agreeing with him ironically.
 [LAUGHTER]
 James?
 OK, mine is that the police in Utah
 have officially recommended against shooting random clowns.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, Andy.
 This is from the Times of India.
 A building in Massachusetts had to be evacuated
 after residents complained about a peculiar smell,
 which turned out to be caused by a man cooking urine in his flat.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Finally, Anna.
 Yep, this is from the National Post of Canada.
 And this is after the official opening of a ring road
 in Edmonton, Canada on Saturday,
 murderous were surprised by a large electronic sign announcing,
 we done, bitches.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's all from me, Andy James and Anna.
 We'll be back again next week.
 We've been No Such Thinkers and News.
 Good night.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (audience cheering)
