 Hello everyone, welcome to another episode of A Little Fish!
 This is the show where we go through your incredible facts that you have sent so you podcast
 at QI.com and we chat about them for a little while and then we do some other stuff at the
 end. I am James Harkin, I am sat somewhere in the UK in my house and Andy had done also
 elsewhere in the UK and we're going to chat right now. So guys, one of you, give me a fact.
 I'll go on here. This has been sent to us by Meg O'Connor, who says, "Perhaps you were already
 aware, but Santa Claus is not the mayor of the North Pole." I think we all assumed he didn't have a
 mayorial role. There was a politician called Santa Claus and I think he lived in North Pole,
 but I thought he was the mayor actually, so in fairness, I would have fallen for this one.
 Well, you know, he's a council member of the North Pole government. It's actually of course Larry
 Turch, who is the mayor of the North Pole. And this is North Pole Alaska. I hadn't heard of this
 before. I actually send my letters to Larry Turch when I once had got something for Christmas.
 If you want a dropped curb in the North Pole area, he's the man to go to.
 So there's, as you say, James, there is a Santa Claus and for all the kiddies listening,
 this is a different Santa Claus. This is someone who lives in a place called North Pole Alaska.
 His real name was Thomas O'Connor. He legally changed it to Santa Claus in 2005.
 He, as well as being a politician, is an Anglican monk. He is a proponent of free healthcare,
 medical marijuana, and wealth tax. And yeah, he lives in North Pole, Alaska, which has a population
 of about two and a half thousand. Bob Ross used to live there. You know, the painter in America,
 Bob Ross. Yeah, yeah. He sounds very liberal this Santa Claus. Don't you think? I think
 by with his marijuana. I would have thought someone who flies around the world giving things out
 for free once a year to most boys and girls. It's not really mean-stested. There's a little bit of
 naughty or nice, but the bar is pretty large. He's a socialist. Yeah. I was thinking he sees you
 when you're sleeping. He knows when you are woke. A beautiful. That's why I was leading up to with that.
 That's really good. That's really good. I think we're all thinking the same thing, though. Release the
 naughty list. Release the naughty list, Santa. I have been on that naughty list. I have to admit,
 but it's just incidental. I never went on the slay. I want to make that very clear.
 I've got one. Yeah, go on, Andy. Here's one from Andrew Lauassa. I work in movie trailers, brackets,
 the audiovisual medium, not the vehicles. Lovely. We're off the blocks. And my fact is that
 the most prized award in the industry isn't best trailer or agency of the year, but it's an award
 for the best trailer for the worst movie, which is dubbed the Golden Fleece. I just absolutely
 love this. Basically, there's this golden trailer awards ceremony, which is all about the trailer,
 movie trailers. Confusingly, its logo is a little picture of a trailer, the vehicle, but it's about
 the two-minute long adverts you get for films, right? The Golden trailer awards. And there is this
 award, the Golden Fleece, where if you've made an absolute dog of a film, but you turn in a really
 good trailer, you can win it. That's amazing. I think the Golden Age of the trailer is perhaps behind us.
 Well, when's the last time you saw a really innovative trailer? There's a film called Free Fire.
 It's set in a single warehouse. It's a big shootout. You know, only one person can make
 off of the money. Anyway, is someone like Edgar Wright do it or like someone's Edgar Wright?
 Oh, is it what's his name? I don't know. Someone cool. What? It's a pretty big slam on Edgar Wright when
 you see someone cool. Andy, do you happen to know if these award ceremonies, do they have categories
 like most misleading trailer? I think it's, no, I think it's, that's the only one where it's like
 best trailer for worst film. All the others are kind of other elements of the trailer process,
 which are not the film is bad. This award ceremony was set up by these two sisters,
 the Brady sisters, Evelyn and Monica. They just got out of film school in 1997. They really wanted
 to make a feature film, but they couldn't get the money to get the for it. So they thought,
 let's make the trailer first. And that'll get investors to put all the money into the film.
 But they didn't know anyone who made trailers either. I don't know what film school is for if you
 come in of it not knowing anyone who makes trailers, but whatever. So they made the awards show to try and
 lure in companies which make trailers so they could make the trailer and then get the money for their film.
 And they're still doing the awards. They haven't made, they still haven't made the film.
 That's very good. Ben Wheatley was free fire, which to me, him and Edgar Wright are the same person.
 Yeah, I think, I think he's probably cool. I've got another movie based one here.
 Oh, you want to hear it? So this is a fact from Jesse Nell. And it's about someone called Judith
 Love Cohen, who helped create the abort guidance system, which rescued the Apollo 13 astronauts.
 Now she works on this system on the day she was in labor. So she was very heavily pregnant,
 she was in work. She took the papers with all of the maths home with her. Then she went to hospital,
 gave birth to a child and then came back and said, yeah, I've solved it. It's okay. Wow. Yes,
 this is ringing a bell. Because as you know, I'm a big Apollo 13 connoisseur, but also the surname.
 Well, her surname is not that important to the fact. The reason that it rings a bell
 down might be the reason that I said it was to do with movies. Yeah.
 A particular actor, which I know you're a big fan of, Jack Black, which I'm. Yeah, Jack Black
 was the child who came as a result of that birth when she disappeared, when she was working on the
 Apollo 13. So whether that would be quite exciting. If you were in labor and people were doing big
 countdowns all around you, and you kept having to say, no, no, no, no, no, don't stop counting down,
 because there's a baby coming. I see what you mean. Yeah, she didn't give birth inside the centre
 where all of the stuff she went to a hospital. And also, generally, there's no countdown in birth.
 I don't know if that's a different experience for you, Andy. When my wife gave birth, I was in
 charge of the music. They always give the dad something to do. So they gave me this Bluetooth
 speaker that I had to work out how to do. And then I had to put the music on. And I put my favourite
 track, which is the countdown feature. Wow. That's not true, Dad. I thought it might have been on the list.
 Were you in charge of the music? Yeah, yeah. Like I genuinely think that they did that in order to
 give me something to do. Otherwise, I'm going to be sat there fretting. So like, you know how hard it
 is to get a Bluetooth speaker to attach to your phone. Yes. Yeah. I was like, I'm struggling here,
 guys. I'm struggling. Give me some air. Give me some gas. I got to do the music as well for
 and on my third child, it was a Bluetooth music system. But for the first child, the few days before
 they said, you've got to burn a CD and bring it in. Lovely. Is it 2017? There's no CDs to burn
 anymore. Like, where are you getting that from? And my father-in-law, Will, he did it up in his
 office. Fennel and I picked five songs that we were very happy for our son to be born to. And it got
 to the end of the CD. We thought it'd loop background. And suddenly this 10-minute long Bob Dylan track
 comes on because he thought, I want my grandson being born to Dylan. And we just had to sit through it.
 Anyway, and yours was just a countdown. No, mine was Angel after whom my daughter was
 Ah, lovely. The Belgian pop star. But anyway, enough about our lives. Yeah, give us some facts.
 I've got another one here. This is from Sheree Bluebond. When the Nazis ran a contest for a baby
 who exemplified the Aryan ideal, they picked a Jewish child. This is fascinating. This child.
 This child was called Hesse Levinson's Taft and she was on the cover of "Nazi Magazine" and
 she appeared on it without her parents consent or knowledge. What had happened was there was a
 competition to find a child who could, you know, have the look of an Aryan who would seem to be the
 ultimate Aryan to be put on the front of this cover. And they went to this photographer who,
 has a sort of sinister little joke he slipped in this photo of Hesse Levinson's Taft knowing that
 she was Jewish. And this picture was picked supposedly personally by Gubbles. She had no idea about
 it. Obviously she's a baby. Her parents had no idea about it. And one day a cleaner was over at
 the house and she was dusting the mantelpiece and she saw that photo and she went, isn't that the
 ultimate Aryan baby that I saw on the front cover of "Nazi Magazine"? Was the magazine called "Nazi
 Magazine"? That's what it says it's called here. That's a beautiful article. It does a free gift
 because gift in German is poison. Oh, very nice. Interesting. But also this cleaner after the
 wash, she said, "Oh, that reminds me of the Nazi magazine that I used to subscribe to, did you see?"
 So I think the wall was still going on. So this was while Hitler was in power and I think actually
 that might be the New York Times article title on cover of "Nazi Magazine". So I'm sure it had a
 different title. But apparently there were five or six magazines that were pro-Nazi that you could
 get in the new stands at the time. So they all were at the time. I'm sure most magazines in the 30s
 had a pro-Nazi line. Yeah. So anyway, they saw her and they said, what is this doing here? They
 questioned the photographer. He gave his reasoning and they were terrified for most of their life at
 that point because they sort of the Germans found out that this was a Jewish baby. They would
 actively hunt down the baby. And so they lived in fear. She barely went out for walks. But she survived
 and the reason this story has been sent to us is as a part of an obituary. She died just this year,
 age 91. Wow. Very cool. I got another one here. Yeah. You guys know I like a transport infrastructure
 fact. We do, Andy. Yeah. We're aware of that. Someone else would like to see if you're alive.
 So I've been to two separate bus museums of the last month. It's amazing to wait for one bus
 museum. Fantastic. Anyway, this comes from Martin Kaiser, who says one of my truly favorite facts
 is that the southernmost station on the London Underground is on the northern line and the northern
 most station is not. That's quite fun. It's quite fun. It's the southernmost station is Morden,
 which is on the northern line. Yeah. And the northernmost station on the northern line is high
 barnet. But there are three other lines that go further north. And I believe it's Cheshem. Metropolitan
 line does. Correct. Cheshem is on the Metropolitan line. Are we playing this game? Yep. The central
 of the northernmost station on the central line. On the central line, yeah, it's going to be the
 one that's just past date and boys. They're Epping. It's Epping. Very good. And what will the other one be?
 Piccadilly. Oh, what? Cobbfusters. I guess it would be. Yes. I didn't write that one down.
 Accentrically. Oh, right. That's eccentric. Do you want to hear about this? You know how I did that
 really good joke earlier? Do you want me to really flush it right down the toilet with one of the first
 jokes you ever heard? Yeah. And I went on the Piccadilly line the other day to go to Cobbfusters,
 but I got off one stop too early. Oh, quirt. Oh, really? Nice. So there's a place called Oakwood.
 Yeah. For instance, overseas. Yeah. I've got a museum to go to with you. And I can't wait. I'll
 see you there. Here is a fact. You know, guys, that I'm a big fan of sport.
 It's just one of those idiosyncrasies that I have. Okay. The Grant Mitchell wrote in. I don't know if it's
 the fictional character from East Enders. It's got to be. Oh, not. But Grant wrote with a football fact
 and he said that in the 2015, 16 and 2016, 17 seasons, there were two players in the Red Star FC
 team, which is a French football team, named Pierreique Crowe. They were born within nine months of
 each other and both left Red Star on July the 1st, 2017. So they had the exact same name. Grant
 only knows this because he says he obsessively updated his pro evolution soccer game with new
 transfers every half season. Grant, welcome to the club. Beneath that hard man exterior on East Enders,
 there lurks the soul of a real nerd. That's lovely. So there you go. There's quite a few times in
 history where you've had players with the same name. So in 1970, Scarborough football club had two
 players called Harry Dunn, but they were called Harry Dunn and Harry A Dunn, but Harry A Dunn didn't
 have a middle name. They just added the A just so that people would know the difference between the two
 dunns. Lovely. A locomotive Moscow between 2002 and 2003, they had two players called Sergei
 of Chimikoth. So what would you do in a Russian team if you have two people with the same name?
 I'll make it all the other nine players change their names to Sergei or Jekov. No, that's not what
 happened, really? Imagine this football team was in a Dostoyevsky novel. How would you tell the
 difference between them? Do you add like a like a son? Yeah, pretty much that. So in Russia,
 you have your normal surname, but you also have your patronemic. So these two players were known as
 Sergei Ivanovich or Chimikoth and Sergei Vladimirivich of Chimikoth. So they were known by their
 full sort of like Russian 19th century novel name. That's going to be a very busy back of shirt.
 Yeah, you're going to need a small font, I think. And I'm looking through my binoculars. I can see
 it's off Chimikoth, but which one? You wouldn't know this Andy, but when you buy a football shirt,
 if you want a name on, you have to pay for the number of letters. What a swiss. I've done so already,
 I gather. If they are. And so if you like really like a player with a really long surname,
 like Hunter Murray is going to cost you a fortune. But if you like a short name like Harkin,
 it's going to be much cheaper. Yeah, interesting. That's very good to know. Of course, I'm just going to say
 Hunter is my middle name Murray is my surname. So Murray and Harkin would have the same price,
 and Schreiber is the one who extracts the real cash from the customer. Never mind Tysinsky. Oh, yeah.
 Should I do another one? Yeah, go on. Here's one about Australia's second Prime Minister,
 Alfred Deakin. I know we're all thinking of the same fact, but I'm going to read it out anyway.
 This fact is coming from Oliver Frederick who writes that when he was Prime Minister, Deakin had
 a secret second job. He had taken on a gig being a journalist writing secret political commentary
 on the Australian Parliament. He wrote 600 columns. It was nearly a million words he'd written,
 which was him slacking off his colleagues, slacking off the then Prime Minister. And he got paid,
 I think more than he got as an MP to be a journalist writing about MPs. And it continued after he was
 made Prime Minister. Really? He kept writing columns. So was he slacking himself off? He was slacking
 himself off at various points. It's just inspired. It's so good. That's amazing. I think that's
 a work. I think that's the Netflix series waiting to happen. It reminds me of that. Do you remember
 they used to do like the secret footballer and the secret lover? Yes. Secret banker and the secret
 estate agent. I think the secret footballer literally got revealed yesterday of some day. I'm looking
 and it's off Chinnockoff, but which one? I think it was Dave Kitson who like you have to be a pretty
 good football nerd to remember him, but he was a proper footballer. Yeah. Do you know other writing
 that Alfred Deacon did? So I actually wrote about him in my theory of everything elsebook, because
 he prior to becoming Prime Minister was a spiritualist and Ghost Ritten with John Bunyan wrote the
 sequel to the Pilgrim's Progress. Brilliant. A book that was going out for a sequel. Just 600 years
 since people were saying, "Where's PP2?" He had 49 sessions contacting his spirit and taking down
 dictation for the sequel, which he published and used to go around all of Australia doing spiritual
 acts. He used to book people who claimed that they were possessed by other great dead historical
 characters. Imagine a Ted conference, but instead of a living celebrity walking on stage, I walk
 on stage and say, "I will now inhabit the spirit of Abraham Lincoln who will give you a talk
 on the benefits of his political party," and then it would be this chat going on. He used to run
 all that sort of stuff. Now, it feels like a good idea for a chat show. That's the new Alan Car
 sort of chat show, but with the spirits of people, you only need to book one guest. And it's
 just by the spirit of Michael Parkinson. Through Alan Car. Yes. Yes. It's a very nice idea.
 Okay. Well, what an amazing fact and what an amazing bunch of facts we've had this week. Absolutely
 fantastic, but we can't let you go, dear listener, until we have given away some of our facts
 to friends of the podcast on Patreon. This is what we do. If you are at the top tier on Patreon,
 then you get to become a custodian of facts, and it is right here that we bestow those custodian
 ships. So, Dan, why don't you give us the first one today? Yeah, sure. So, congratulations to Jamie
 Breeze, because you are now the custodian of the fact that, according to the Vatican, the greatest
 album of all time is revolver by the Beatles. Rubbish. Ridiculous. It's obviously Abbey Road. I don't know
 what the Vatican's playing out there. To be honest, this was before Lilly Allen's latest album came out,
 so yes. Yeah, they could have produced an album, fortunately. Yeah, this was a fact by me,
 and it was released through one of the Vatican's newspapers, much like how the Nazi will have Nazi
 magazine. They've got Vatican daily. Very embarrassing when they had the Catholic child of the year,
 and it's turned out to be a wicken. Yeah, and so that was voted number one, very cool. Very
 nice. Andy, let's have another one. Yeah, here's a fact. This one goes out to Mylene Pendland,
 and it's that for the first 50 years of the Olympics, the only event was the 200-meter sprint.
 That's just a good, what a nice Olympics. That would be brisk over quickly. Yes. Good for the
 Jamaican team, because they're just going to win every year. Yes, absolutely. And they were rather
 unfairly excluded from the age of Olympics. Yeah, sometimes. I've run on the track where they took
 place. So have I? The 200-meter track. Yes. You and I have different times. Yeah, well, we didn't
 actually say what our times were. No, that's very good. Do you know your time? No, I know that my time
 will have been, because they started off sprinting, and then 200 meters is a lot further than you think
 it's going to be. Yeah, I think I did it in about, I think it was either 15 or 16 seconds. Oh, so the
 world record. Yeah. Yeah. So the current world record will be about 19 seconds. Well, yeah. That's
 pretty good. And that's pretty good. Well, I feel silly. I should have timed it really. Did you get
 your wife to time you, Andy? And she was just being really generous. She was like 14, 14 and a half.
 Yeah, 14. Didn't that even time slows down at the speeds I was doing? So 14 did go for a long time,
 actually. Okay. Here is another one. This fact is now under the custodianship of David and
 Brabos and David, your fact is that ants nests can be infested by smaller ants. Lovely. Lovely.
 That's from Leven Schiller. Good friend. Was this a live show that we did? Maybe the one we did in
 the Atomium. It was exactly that, I think. It's so weird how you can remember a very specific location
 from a fact. And that I have such a clay memory is this amazing structure in Brussels that's shaped
 like, is it an iron atom? It's one of the atoms. And there are these huge balls connected by pipes.
 And the balls are big enough that they can host a small theatre. And that's where we played a gig.
 That's probably still one of the coolest gigs we've ever played. And it was our first overseas gig.
 So that's sort of quite memorable for us in that respect as well. But yeah, that was an extraordinary
 way. I remember coming off stage thinking that the audience hadn't enjoyed themselves very much.
 And being told, oh no, that's just what Belgian audiences are like. They just don't like to
 interrupt you by laughing. Was it my wife who told you that, James? Because she's very good at
 softening the blow of things like this. Of course you're going that speed. Okay, I've go on here.
 This is now going out to Melissa. Congratulations. Your fact is that in Cambodia, a teenage
 Krung girl's parents might build her a love hut where she can sleep with as many men as she likes
 until she finds the right one. Okay, which one of you two came up with this fact?
 This was Anna's. Yeah. Classic Anna. Classic Anna. Yeah. Why is it classic Anna?
 Anthropology. Anthropology. And also she's just like to sleep with as many men as she likes until
 she finds the right one. Do you think Anna's listened to a single episode so that she went off on
 mat leave? Absolutely. No, no, she did actually. She listened to the definitely listened to the Mary
 beard one. The first one that she missed basically. I think that was like two two before Mary.
 She asked me to isolate Mary's microphone and just listen to her, but she didn't listen to us.
 That's great. Give us more. Here's one that goes out to Tim Johnston. Tim, your fact from now and
 forever is that the longest canyon in the world is 50% longer than the grand canyon and we didn't
 know about it until August 2013. Wow. Just wow. Just mental. Where is it? I think it's in Greenland.
 I think it's under the enormous ice sheet in Greenland, which is why you wouldn't know about it unless
 you develop the technology to look under the ice sheet without disturbing it. It's under about a
 mile two of ice. So interestingly, it's soon going to be the longest canyon in the U.S. as well.
 Actually, I don't think the grand canyon, it might be the biggest, but it's definitely not the
 deepest canyon in America. There's a few canyons that are quite a lot deeper than the grand canyon.
 But it's very broad, isn't it? It's so broad that you can hardly see across it. I believe. I've
 never been. Have you been James? I have been. Yeah. We flew a helicopter through the canyon and it was
 absolutely awesome and had like a champagne breakfast. Well, it's the thing they do. You know,
 it wasn't a special thing for us. It's the thing they do on the helicopter. No, the helicopter
 drops you down and then you have what they call is a champagne breakfast, but it's actually a plastic
 glass with a little bit of champagne and a turned up sandwich. And then you get back on the
 helicopter again, but it is pretty cool. I was just saying, you couldn't serve a full breakfast on
 the helicopter. I don't know if anyone's ever tried to have a full English on the helicopter,
 but I'm not going to make it my mission to do that. Yeah. Good question. You could like chuck a
 sausage up and then the blades will chop it into perfect circles. Absolutely. That's a little bit
 of a cartoon. That's exactly what happened. Okay, here is another fact. This one now belongs to
 Hattie Farrell. And Hattie, your fact is that in 2008, the University of Bath invented a 3D printer
 which could copy itself. Nobody knows how many there are now. And I think this was one of my facts.
 And I think my implication was that once you've come up with a machine that can make another
 machine, presumably that machine is just going to make another, which makes another, which makes
 another, and eventually we'd be wading through no doubt. I think that's definitely what's happened.
 I think what actually happened is they did make millions and millions and millions of things,
 but each one was used to make checkers bonds. Sorry, it took me a while to catch up with that one.
 We're on Zoom, so I thought that wasn't delayed, but it was just a bit of a slow get in the joke.
 Really, in fact, really. All right, here's another one. It goes out to James Ralf. The fact is,
 to avoid hitting electric wires, the San Francisco Fire Department's ladders are made of wood.
 Interesting. That's quite, I would say that that is not true, right? Well, it's your fact, mate.
 I know it is. I know, but now that I read it, they're not going to hit the electric wires any less.
 They're just going to conduct the electricity less, right? What you should have said is to avoid
 electrocuting firefighters. Yeah, I'm just dishing myself out a harkening.
 Should we do another one? Yeah. Here's one last one. This one goes out to Merrill McQueen.
 Congratulations, Merrill, friend of the podcast. Your fact is that astronauts don't snore.
 They don't snore. They're just none of them. I think they hire people who don't snore.
 Oh, I think that's part of the process of if you snore. That thing who's going to space.
 Yeah, interesting. You have to clear all the other stages. You have to become like a navy pilot.
 Then you have to become this other kind of pilot. Then you have to do the training. Then you have
 to go in the swimming pool for like six weeks. Then finally, the sleepover. If you snore at the
 sleepover, you're straight out on the street. That's so funny. Oh, great fact. Great, great,
 fact. Who's fact looks like at mine? Great. Okay, enough of our facts given to you and enough of
 your facts given to us. It is time to end the show. So please, if you have some more facts, do send
 them to podcasts@QI.com and they will go through that inbox and you will pluck out the very,
 very best and we'll use them in a future episode. If you'd like to become a friend of the podcast,
 you can go to patreon.com. There's also lots of fun stuff. Well, you can even just join up for free
 and you'll get some news about nursery things or fish and some little freebies. That is it for us.
 Goodbye from me. Goodbye from Andy. Bye. Goodbye from Dan. So long. We'll see you on Friday. Bye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
