 [music]
 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Things A Fish, where we were joined by a
 very, very good friend, Leven Scera. Now, regular listeners of No Such Things A Fish will be well
 aware of Leven. He has been on our show many, many times. He is always absolutely brilliant,
 and we always love it when he comes over from Belgium and tells us all his amazing facts about
 science. Now, if you would like to learn more about a particular kind of science, AI, then do I
 have good news for you? Because Leven is coming over in March to do a live tour across the UK,
 North, South, East, West. He's coming along and he will be telling you all about AI. Would you
 believe it's more complicated than just getting a program on your computer and asking it questions
 and getting the questions wrong? There is more to it and we're better to learn about it than with
 Leven Scera, the man sometimes called the Stephen Fry of Belgium. I know that quite a lot of companies
 are snapping up tickets because they want their employees to learn all about AI and Leven is
 such a good science communicator. Definitely, it is a place to go if you want to learn about
 that subject and have a laugh along the way. If you want to know more about that, then go to
 levenscera.com. Probably you can't spell that if you're British, so he has also bought the domain
 leaving Shire, like what a hobby it might do. Perhaps leaving Shire.com, if you type that into your
 address bar, you will get his website and you'll be able to get tickets. If you want to learn more
 about noses, it's things of fish. Then a good place to go at the moment is patreon.com/nosesthingsofish,
 where you can join any one of our three tiers, the lowest of which four pounds a month will get you
 dual droppers of line. Have you ever listened to the show and thought, "Those guys have got something
 wrong?" Well, if you have, then other people have thought that as well and they have sent us emails
 and Andy goes through them and picks out the very best and he quizzes us about them. It's not
 just things we got wrong, it's also people with extra material because there are so many experts
 listening to our show, so it's a really good place if you've enjoyed the previous episodes to learn
 a little bit more about those subjects. Patreon's also got a free tier. There's a little bit on there,
 I think, if you sign up to nosesthingsofish on the free tier, but it's also a place where we will
 announce new things as and when they happen and I could tell you a lot is cooking up and nosesthingsofish HQ.
 So if you want to learn more, go to patreon.com/nosesuchthing as a fish. Anyway, really hope you enjoy this
 week show with Leverna Schiller on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobern. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 James Harkin, and Leven Scherah. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our
 four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order, here we go. Starting with
 fact number one, and that is James. Okay, my fat this week is that when the father of supercomputing
 Seymour Kray got stuck on a problem, he would go into tunnels, he built under his house and speak to elves.
 My kind of guy. Yeah, so this is a guy called Seymour Kray. He built some of the first supercomputers,
 and according to one of his colleagues, who's John Role Wagon, Kray said that when he got stuck
 on a problem, he'd go under there and the elves come with the solutions to his problems. Why
 certainly true is that he was brilliant at sort of getting a computer problem, going away, just
 thinking about it and then getting the answer. Yeah, so it's an interesting story because it's sort of,
 he had such weird myths about him. Did he really talk to elves? Was he messing with his friend?
 There was a story that he built his own boat, and at the end of every year, he would burn the boat,
 and then he would build a new boat the next year because he loved building things and he loved
 creating a new thing on the blank page. I heard that he burned a boat just because he'd built a new one,
 and he didn't want to pay the tax on two boats. Unclared. Well, a lot of people think that he did
 do that once, and then it became the myth that he did it once a year, but he did like his thinking time.
 Yeah, have you come across this guy, Lever? No, I haven't. Some supercomputers have a great history,
 you know, that he was Air Force once built the supercomputer out of PlayStation Trees.
 No. The Condor console. Really? Yeah. They bought two million dollars of PlayStation Trees.
 Wow. They took out the computer chip. What were they trying to play? Analyzing satellite images.
 Cool. And the thing, I've not, I've not played that game. It sounds good. It sounds right up
 your street in Paris, Andy. Well, once flight simulator has been knocked on the head,
 you need 1,760 PS3s to to build a supercomputer. The reason they did it was that it saved them eight
 million dollars, but they weren't using the PlayStation itself. They were extracting a chip from it,
 did you say? I think they used most of the hardware. You could run Linux on it back in the day.
 So you're in the Russian military and your secrets are cracked by 1,700 PS3s. But so what is a
 supercomputer then? Because that's a collection of PlayStation. Does that count as a supercomputer? I think
 there's no like official definition of them. But it's a term that I think was coined to make the
 difference with the mainstream computing power of that time and that changes constantly.
 Now, the PS3 supercomputer was in the top 50 of computing power at that time, 2010. So it did
 qualify as a supercomputer. And this guy, Seymour Cray, his computers were super because he basically
 was one of the first people to use transistors. So a transistor is like an electrical switch.
 You know, a computer goes with zeros and one is your transistor. We'll tell you if it's a zero
 or a one because it switches one way or the other. Before that, they used vacuum tubes so like light bulbs
 almost. And whether the light bulb was on or whether it was off, that would be your zero or one.
 And that's how they work out all the logical things they had to work out. So he could suddenly make
 things much, much smaller. The fastest supercomputer right now. What can it do in the space of a second?
 So the fastest supercomputer I think at the moment is called El Capitan at the Lawrence Livermore
 National Laboratory. And let's say, Dan, you were to do a coin flip against everyone in Japan.
 Yeah. Okay. As you do. As I've been trying to do for many decades now. You'll get a yes from
 a commissioner one day. It's a great fun idea. And then once you've done, then Leven does the same
 against everyone in Japan. Yeah. And then Andy does. Then I do. And then everyone in the world
 does a coin flip against every single person in Japan. This El Capitan would be able to manage
 all those results in a single second, which is not a long TV show. I can see why AI is ruining the
 arts. Japan against the world. It's petaflop time. But I like this word petaflop. So flop is a floating
 floating point operations or an additional or a multiplication. And then petta comes after
 tera, I think mega giga X is after petaflop. X is even bigger. So we've got a new supercomputer in the UK.
 It opened up last summer. It's in Bristol. It's called Ismbard AI. And it's going to be used.
 The Guardian report of various things is going to be useful. Improving skin cancer detection rates.
 Right. Really good. Predicting crowd movements. And maybe if there's going to be an accident on
 a construction site, you know, it can sort of like a brick starts falling. It can work out where
 it's going to land. Exactly. I mean, or maybe even more useful than that. And also how to spot sick
 dairy cows in Somerset. That's good. And there are a lot of dairy cows in Somerset. And if they get
 if they're getting early signs of mistitis, that's a real pain for them. You know what? I went on to
 Google News last week. Yeah. And I searched for super computer. And these headlines were all on
 the first page. Super computer tips Morocco to win 2025 African nation's trophy. Super computer
 reveals who's had the easiest ties in the FA Cup. Super computer predicts man United finishes.
 Michael Carrick takes over. Super computer delivers leech United versus bollum prediction.
 And super computer predicts where FA Cup journey will end for Mansfield Town. I can see who's
 funding the research. Yeah. And so that we're using city's worth of war for an electricity to come
 out with his vital stuff about Mansfield Town. It's not so weird. But what I think is happening
 is a normal computer is doing these calculations in a journalist office somewhere. And they're just
 thinking, let's call out a super computer. I assume that's what's happening, right? Yeah. It's
 not a protected term, is it? I don't think so. I don't think it is. Super in front of everything.
 I feel like Seymour Craze was the first properly called a super computer. Right. I think I just
 won last fact on him. So Dan, you said he had this intense focus. He would spend days in complete
 seclusion, maybe in the tunnels under his house. There are stories also that he was very afraid about
 nuclear war. So he dug, he was digging sort of bombshell or having bombshells as dug under his
 home. I don't know how true that is. But apparently he would often on family car journeys
 demand complete silence. So he could think for the entire duration of the journey. I mean,
 the dream. So, but wait a minute, Charlie, the kids are watching Frozen in the back.
 Have they watched that on mute? They're not allowed to watch anything.
 What? Family have to stay silent because dad is driving and thinking. They're watching a great man
 think. What more entertainment can you have? Let it go is nothing compared to Seymour Craze.
 Have a better idea. Pay to watch Seymour Craze think from the back of a car. I don't care how the
 wheels are the fucking bus going. I need to work on how many pizza flops in this computer.
 Or you will not have the iPad by 2010 to watch your shows on mute.
 Yes, exactly. And then when everybody else is science, you still have the elves bubbling in
 your ear of course. Shut up, Elf. Can I tell you a man thing about where super computers are going
 to go next? Oh, yes, please. Have a guess. League 2. That's our results.
 Where it's going to go next? Space. Quantum computing? Oh, computer's in space.
 It's going to go up there. It is. Yeah, for the cooling and the cold.
 China are trying to get what lots of people are trying to get a super computer in space.
 Everyone wants it to be in orbit. Bees awesome, all sorts of people.
 Basically, the theory is on the ground, all the computing power uses lots of energy and lots of
 water for the cooling and things like this. Up there, it's solar power. We have solar power down here,
 but solar and cooling requirements are not nearly as big. Well, solar power is 24 hours if you choose
 the right orbit. So you don't have nights. Cooling is a strange thing because it is very cold,
 but also there is very little materials. You're kind of in a vacuum. It's like you can't sweat.
 Yeah, so the ISS has this big gray things that some people think there are solar panels,
 but they're actually the only way to cool the ISS is by radiation, like radiate the power off,
 and these things are to radiate the power. So you need some sort of cooling in space too.
 But it's a different way than liquid cooling that we do here. Could we cook something with
 radiation in space and then that comes back to Earth? I guess so. Yeah. I've just had an idea
 that's all I'm just going to write a beasel after this. But why? Andrew, space sausage. I'm thinking
 space sausage. What when space eggs is straight there? Space eggs. Oh my god. I don't want to deal with
 masks. Space sausage. You send the satellite up surrounded by a thick layer of meat, right? It's
 like a Scotch egg. Don't Scotch egg as well. And as it cooks, it drops off and comes back to Earth.
 When it's cooked, how does it not burn on reentry? Oh, we'd have we'll salt this down the line.
 I'm asking for $100 million. Just bad news. Just quickly on Seymour Cray, he was born and eventually
 set up his offices in a place called Chippewa Falls in Wisconsin. Oh yeah. I tried to see if there
 had any other impact on the world, Chippewa Falls as well. So two I could find a lady called
 Judith Ann Hensk, who was a singer in America, was the original singer of a song that's had a bit
 of an influence on the world because the song was called High Flying Bird. Oh, and Nol Gallagher's
 band is named after it. Nol Gallagher's band is named after that. So yeah, huge influence on
 the world there. That's one. The second one is it's going to be better. I don't think I'd stop that.
 I don't think you're going to cap. Get ready. Go on. It is the hometown of Jack Dawson,
 who sadly died on the Titanic in the movie Titanic. What? Leonardo DiCaprio's character is called
 Jack Dawson. Okay. Okay. So there's a scene in the movie where Kate Winslet is standing on the front
 and she's about to jump off and he talks her out of it and he talks about the time when he was
 standing on a frozen lake in Chippewa Falls, his hometown and how it cracked and how cold it was when
 he went under and so on. And so that's the other main thing that they're known for except the lake
 wasn't there until after the sinking of the Titanic. So it's a goof. There's a new lake. Yeah,
 it's sort of a man-made lake in Chippewa Falls and it wasn't made until 1917. Gosh. Now James Cameron did
 the whole thing where he changed the literal sky to put the stars in the right place when he redid
 the Titanic movie because he got it wrong. Neil the Grass Tyson complained about it. Yeah. Neil
 the Grass Tyson was watching the movie and at one point said the sky is wrong. I think Neil the Grass
 Tyson needs to get his priorities right with the complaining. Well Cameron changed it. He redid it
 for the anniversary release and he hasn't changed this. He's going to have to go back now and do it
 all over again. Wow. Yeah. You think you have the same authority as Neil the Grass Tyson when it
 comes to James Cameron's ear. Hundy P. Hundy P. Of course. Yeah. He'll probably just hand back all the
 money. I'm going to stop making Avatar 9 and I'm just going to focus the whole time on time
 traveling this lake back in time. That'll be his solution. Avatar by the way, which is 100%
 scientifically accurate on my show, right? Yeah, exactly. I haven't seen what the modern
 computers look like, the supercomputers, but aesthetically they were really beautiful the original
 Cray supercomputers. So Seymour Cray's Cray 1 was a sort of tall cylinder in the middle. Oh,
 that's right. And then it had sort of like leather seating around the bottom that you could
 genuinely sit on and it was because the cooling system that it needed was underneath and it just
 was a thing that was part of the design. Was it heated seats? Yeah, super heated seats. Yeah,
 he's getting referenced as love seats and there's a few suggestions that people would sleep on it.
 Not for 60s. Yeah, but is that a big cylindrical supercomputer in Japan? I'm afraid it's an exafop.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is Lieben. My fact is that a crane is called a crane
 because it looks like a crane. Any question? Yes. It's crane is wet. Aha. The crane, the machine
 is named after the crane the bird. And what does this have to do with Seymour Cray? Nothing yet.
 I'll ask the elves. Yeah. Medieval cranes looked like the birds. Have you seen a medieval crane
 on paintings? Only through the process of researching this, yeah. Oh yeah, before nine. Yeah,
 so a medieval crane would be a wooden building in a way. And it had these two, what do you call them,
 where the hamster would want to round them? Tread mills. Yeah, treadmills. So it had two big
 treadmills at the site and people would walk into treadmills to make the rope move. And then from
 these two large treadmills, there was kind of a wooden building diagonally going up like 10,
 15 meters. And then from the top, there would be a small piece going diagonally down again,
 where the rope would come out. And they would use this in harbours to take loads out of it.
 And these old medieval cranes, they look a lot like a crane, the bird standing in a field.
 And so that's why they were called cranes. So cool. They're very beautiful. I had not seen one
 of these before. These tread wheel cranes. And they're mad. I think there's a place where they're
 trying to build a castle authentically in France. And they're using one or two of these actual
 things. And Tom Scott, who's built this show, has made a video where he goes and like operates this
 crane. It's crazy. And they were used for like quite famous things like column cathedral. So much.
 Salisbury Cathedral. And it turns out that if you have enough people and enough time as well,
 because it moves slowly. But you can basically lift many, many, many tons in weight just by someone
 walking around. If you have the right gears. Yeah. If you have the right gears, then you can,
 you can certainly do it. Could you like ratchet it and then use it as a catapult or something?
 A trebuchet. I don't know. I don't know if, because then you need a lot of torque in there. And
 maybe the wood wouldn't, because I was thinking for Andy's meat in space business. Yes. That's how we'll
 get it back down. That's a good idea. Is that how you're lobbing it up? That's how I was lobbing it up.
 Oh, sorry. Okay. Can I get the sausage up there, mate? Is there that slang expression? I'm not
 familiar with it. Very, very normal expression here. I'll be okay. But your sausage hot, mate.
 There was a Roman one called a polyspaston, which could lift 3,000 kilos per person walking
 in this line. I mean, the gearings are amazing. And then they were used in ancient Rome, and then
 they weren't used for many centuries, and then in medieval times they came back. But they were still
 being installed in London in the 1850s. Okay. Wow. I think there's one down in Guilford, actually.
 It's not in operation to that. It's a historical one. But there are a few that can still be found
 in the sellers of cathedrals, because they used to move up with the floors. So if you've built the
 first floor, you would disassemble the entire crane and build it again on the first floor.
 So you could work your way up there. And then when they were at the top and the church was finished,
 they would just store it in the seller. Like they wouldn't build it up again. But all the material
 would be there. That's very good. Do you know what the world's biggest crane is right now?
 Right now. Probably the bigger machine. We're talking machine still, I think.
 Yes, sure. So this is guessable. Absolutely not. Is it? What would you call it? What would you call it?
 Manath. Manath. Oh, I see. Master Don't. These are great names. It's called Big Karl.
 And it's named after Karl Sarans, who works. He's a director of Sarans Engineering,
 which is a Flemish family business. Oh, which what what's it called? Sarans.
 Absolutely. I see Sarans cranes all the time. There are family business. They started
 moving trees with horses and carts as you do. And now they're into the world's biggest cranes.
 Right. And I was reading a trade magazine with an interview with Karl and they said what's going
 on with the crane industry and he said the whole industry is picking up. Brilliant.
 Which I don't think he deliberately did as a joke. Doesn't translate in Dutch actually.
 That's it. Through the roof. It's so good. In these medieval cranes, we had these big treadmills
 and they used people to walk in there sometimes children. Actually, in Ghent, there's still a crane
 children street. Can't get in there. So they weren't like really small kids, but they were like
 teenagers and that were used. And they used animals. Dogs, for example. There's still pictures of
 dogs standing in these treadmills kind of sealed off of the world with a small wooden wall left
 and right. So in the morning, you would put your dog in a treadmill and it would just walk in
 and evening, you opened the door and it could come out. You've got to make sure to put the dog
 in the right way around. Otherwise, you get over the end of the day. It's disassembled half a
 cathedral. My man. Not again, fee fee. These ones that we used. You've heard of a capstan, maybe.
 That's the thing. You see them on board a ship for lifting various things. It's where you've
 got a pole vertically and there are four spars coming out of it on the ground and you have people
 pushing them around in a circle. Oh yeah. And that lifts something upwards. That was a big thing.
 In the, they were used a lot in the 15th, 16th century, especially to raise obelisks because Rome
 basically got a lot of obelisks from its territories in Egypt. So they were all in Stull. Stull?
 Yeah. Why am I worried about medieval Romans coming at me? Yeah, they were all sort of nicked.
 But basically to raise these, they would use cap stands with hundreds of men and horses involved
 pushing them around to lift them up. And I just love this detail. This comes by the way from
 Low Tech magazine. It's amazing. It's about the past and forgotten tech and how it can actually be
 very useful today. The website is solar powered. It runs off the author's home solar power system.
 Anyway, to raise this obelisk in the Vatican in 1586, it used 800 men, 140 horses,
 and the best details, spectators were ordered not to speak or make a noise on pain of death.
 Oh god. Because hundreds of people were watching this very delicate operation.
 Like watching Snooker. It's like watching Snooker. And it was apparently enforced.
 Seymour Cray was there. Will you shut up? Oh, I want to see more Cray.
 So was the reason because like often you can't make noise because there's someone
 drumming to make sure everyone goes in the right. It might have, it might well have been that.
 I don't know whether it was that or just like a mistake from distraction could have been
 fatal. You know, but yeah, sounds exciting. One last thing on Cray and Cray. In 2005.
 Well, for these things are Cray and Cray. Which one are we talking about? Mechanical Cray.
 This is just a crazy story. It happened in London, south London, 2005.
 15 year old girl was found on a crane at night 130 feet above the ground. Riddle me this.
 Well, sleepwalk is the obvious one. She was asleep. She's like, she'd sleepwalked up there and a passer-by
 had seen someone up there called the authorities and then a fireman went up, crawled out,
 found her there asleep. Didn't know how to wake her up because thought if I wake her up,
 she might panic. Where was she asleep? I seem to have a vague memory of the story that she was on
 the weight on the other side. It's not even like she was in the cabin bit. No, no, no. She was quite
 not that. Quite not. So it seems like he got her phone out of her pocket and called her parents
 from the phone and said, can you ring back so that I can so that that'll wake her up. How did he get
 her log into her foot? Did he lift up her head and hold the camera in front of it? It's 2006.
 It was a simpler time. It was a simpler time. What if you still had codes on first, did you? Maybe.
 Well, anyway, it was all fine in the end. How do you navigate that opening sentence with the
 parents? Yes. I'm on a crane. A crane crane? Crambrees are named after cranes. Really?
 Crane berries, yeah. The organic crane. Lovely. Because the plant stamens look a bit like the
 beaks of cranes. Geraniums are named after cranes. Wow. From the Greek Geranus, meaning crane,
 because their seeds look like the crane bills. The Dutch word for geraniums is a stalk beak.
 Stored bill. That's quite similar to that. Pedigree, the word pedigree also comes from the word
 for crane, the Geranus. That's because the foot of a crane has bits that stick out. When you draw
 like a family tree, you have bits that stick out. Pediggeranus, foot of a crane. That's really nice.
 Oh, I love these etymology things that suddenly remove the blanket for something.
 I love it. That's great. The crane is called a crane because of the noise. They have their
 migratary birds that use the right amount of syllables. Yes, migratary birds. And so they fly over
 Belgium and Holland in huge groups, sometimes thousands of them. They're quite high up. They have
 have these long necks and then you can hear... they make this crane crane. And so if you want to finish
 the etymology the machine is named after the bird and the bird is named after the sound it makes.
 And in Belgium we also say crane to tap water tap faucet because they also have... well they used to
 have this vertical piece and then the horizontal piece like a pump. Cranes, Britain's tallest bird.
 What are we talking? Oh nine, ten, twelve feet. That big. Are they? Why have you put them on a hill?
 Yeah, four feet or something. One one we did twenty something. Yeah, that is four feet.
 But they're making a comeback across the UK which is very nice because they were
 hunted and eaten to extinction of the UK. Also drying out wetlands. A lot of that went on in
 the Middle Ages and that really damages the habitats. People at cranes, I've never heard of that
 people eating cranes. Apparently they're... I'm afraid to say they're absolutely delicious.
 Well they certainly were in the 14th century when the food was a bit less nice. But no,
 in 1465 there was a new archbishop of York and 204 cranes were roasted to celebrate the fact
 at the feast. Right. And then by 1600 miraculously they were extinct. But they're back,
 they're back and it's partly because of random pair got blown off course as you were saying
 leave and they're migratory. In 1979 they got blown off course they ended up in the Norfolk
 Broads. And now there are maybe a couple of hundred and lots more breeding pairs which is obviously
 the main thing. And there's a place in Suffolk where they are breeding. An RSPB site,
 Royal Society for the Protection of Birds. And to help them breed the staff have cut runways
 for them in the grasses, in the reeds just to help them take off and land safely. With the light
 and everything under control and the guy with the ping pong bats. We've got five cranes,
 got three or five faster. Look out you got a bump into a crane. What kind of crane? A crane crane.
 Small fact about the light-hearted topic of eating birds into extinction.
 I, this week, I personally ate the stalk into extinction. No, I held with my hands the very last
 great ock that ever walked on this earth. Really? It was strangled in 1844 on L.A., an island in Iceland.
 And so great orcs got really rare because they can't fly so people used to eat them. And back then,
 like 19th century, if an animal became really rare, it became super expensive because all the
 collectioners wanted one. It's amazing. I read an article about this where it's like it would
 become well known that there was an animal that they were about to go extinct. And what people thought
 was not shall we save them. They were like, this is our last chance to catch one. And so these
 Icelandic sailors could make a nice buck out of strength. You have to strangle them because
 all the ways you damaged the meat in the skin. So they know that the last great ock was killed on
 that island. The intestines were capped at Copenhagen and for a long time they didn't know where the
 skin ended up. And then they did genetic testing on the intestines and on all the 67 great orcs that
 are in museums and it's in Brussels. So they found out this is the very last great ock that ever lived.
 And it's now up there. It's in a place called, well, it's our national institute for natural
 science. They have a huge collection of taxidermy. They have one million mammals, birds, amphibians,
 reptiles. And then they have, I think, 30 million if you count all the insects with it.
 And they have this separate room for extinct species. That is extra secured because they are very
 valuable. I met one of the conservators there. And almost weekly, he makes the sad walk with a new
 species to the extinction. This is, I want to film this one day, this weekly walk of getting the
 phone call like, yeah, you know, that bird over there in that island. Well, extinct now put it in
 it, put it in the special room. And then you have to take an animal to the extinction room.
 That's so sad. It is. You got anything funny to end the section? No.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three. And that is Andy. My question is, a single gram
 of silica gel has an area of 800 square meters. Okay, strap it everyone. This is so much fun.
 You're about to go on the right of your life, guys. There's a fantastic website called Scope of
 Work. It's really good. It's amazing essays about all sorts of stuff. You know, the silica
 gel, the little packets do not eat, right? They often come in one gram packets. And they're to dry
 things out, right? They're to dry things out. They'll be in your shoes when you buy them all. Exactly.
 Or a bit of furniture or whatever. And that stuff in there is silica gel. And the reason it's amazing
 at drying things out is that when you zoom in on it, it's not like glass, which is silicon,
 silicon dioxide. It's much less dense than glass. Silica gel is full of these tiny, tiny, tiny
 pores. So they're 2.5 nanometers across, which is the width of one strand of DNA.
 But these little balls of silica gel are so riddled with these voids, these holes everywhere,
 that one gram of it has an internal area of 800 square meters. So that's 4 tennis courts.
 They're absolutely amazing at taking on their own weight and water vapor, because it all condenses
 in their tiny capillaries. So that's why they're so effective. And when you're a, you know,
 shoemaker, for example, you're trying to say they will say silica gel sellers, how big do you
 want to keep dry? How big an area? How big a volume? And how dry do you want it to be? What's the
 maximum moisture you want inside the shoebox? Yes. And they can just gear it exactly because they know
 how much silica gel can absorb. It is pretty amazing. I mean, we all know these packs. We've all
 got them in various items that we've bought. The say do not eat on it turns out that's not because
 as everyone assumes that they're toxic, they're not toxic, they're delicious. They're like the
 grains. I remember when the Archbishop of Durham came on a few years ago, they had 200,000
 silica gel packets. So don't eat them, but it's largely for the packet, isn't it? To say,
 don't eat, it's a choking hazard. It's very fun. We have to say don't eat them, because obviously
 we're not recommending people eat silica gel, but it doesn't seem like actual. I don't think it
 would be any good for you, because it would absorb all the water, sorry, it would absorb all the water,
 because it doesn't absorb. Absorb is like a sponge. You get the water goes inside of it.
 Absorb means that it sticks to the outside of it. It's really weird. But the outside is on the inside,
 precisely. Of the silica gel. It's like a weird net thing. But anyway, so yeah, if I think if you
 did eat a few of them and you had swallowing problems already, I don't think it would be that good.
 Yeah, definitely. It's not like, you're not going to, people won't find an ancient Egyptian mummy.
 If you, if you, have accidentally swallowing a tiny bit of it, it's not like it dries you into your
 past. An amazing assassination method. Like the end of Indiana Jones. That's how they
 achieve that effect. All of these telluses have got a bit of silica gel in them apart from one.
 We should say that the only potential reason you should need them is that some of the beads
 might have a little moisture indicator, like which is to indicate when they change color, like
 color chloride, which could be dangerous if you ate enough of it. Yeah, don't just don't eat them.
 Don't eat them. It says don't eat them. It says don't eat them. Take your advice from the packet and
 I'll remind you that you'll be fine. But one thing you could do, which I don't, I see that I get
 scared. It's toxic, chuck it in the bin. Yes. Actually, collecting them is quite useful because they
 can be used that aren't to eat. Not to eat. No. Sorry, but we've covered some pretty nerdy
 collections. Surely there are collections. It's not for the sake. It's not like a stamp collection.
 It is for if you drop your phone in the toilet or the bath. Instead of putting it in rice,
 put it in a box full of these little packs and it's going to probably act better than the rice.
 So they have their they have their uses. Apparently they're great for defogging windshields as well.
 Just chuck your hundred silica packs you've saved. I've heard musty smells of books. Yep. It
 add dissolves all of the musty smell. Rust in toolboxes. If you've got like a slightly damp
 garage or something, just pop a bit of that in. Allegedly, if you have a big enough packet,
 you can deodorize your laundry. But why don't we collect them and use them to lower the sea levels
 again? Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. The thing with these numbers is that people have no idea of how small
 atoms are. Yeah. It's just crazy. We can't get our head around it. I used to have an example in
 my show on genetics. I talked about Julius Caesar, who bled to death. Let's say he lost one liter of
 blood. You take one glass of water like I have in front of me. What is the chance that I have a
 molecule in here and H2O molecule that literally exited a wound of Caesar as you bled to death?
 It's about 2000 in each glass of water. Wow. Well, you definitely have that in there. Yeah.
 That belongs to the museum, man. Yeah. Well, the thing is that there are a lot more H2O molecules in
 a glass of water than there are glasses of water on earth. But so how much of history is sitting in
 that glass right now that everything from the beginning of the planet. Dinosaur piss. Dinosaur piss.
 Oh, a lot of dinosaur piss. That's what I always, that's what I always tell the homeopats. Like
 diluted dinosaur piss. Yeah. But maybe it turns out that actually dinosaur piss is the secret
 panacea medicine. And they've been right all this time. Who knows? Yeah. Yeah. I didn't know. I've
 been drinking Hitler piss. There's some Dalai Lama piss in there too and some Magandhi piss so it
 kind of evens out. Okay. Here's something you can do with silica gel. You can make opals out of it.
 So the cars or the stones? The stones. All the fruits. Yeah. Now the stones. Basically opal is made of
 silica. But it's dehydrated and it's compressed by nature. But you can make opals in the lab by getting
 a load of silica gel, putting it in water, leaving it for weeks and weeks and months and months until
 it all sinks down and stacks itself perfectly. And then you remove all of the water and it's in a
 perfect lattice. And that's how you make lab made opals. That's very cool. This is the same material,
 basically, in a different crystal structure. When you start zooming in enough like this,
 everything gets a bit weird. I find like this stuff. Silica gel was first created in the early 20th
 century by a researcher at Johns Hopkins University called Walter Patrick and he created it out of a
 material called water glass, which as far as I can tell is water soluble glass. Okay. That's not
 very useful. What is construction? Quite hard to have a glass. That just feels like sandy water,
 doesn't it? I think if you pour the, if you pour, if you have a glass of this stuff and you pour some
 water in, it dissolves, which is a good prank. There's nothing else. But I just, I find it so bizarre
 that this exists and there's an amazing 1930 paper, The Story of Silica Gel, which I've read too much
 of, is by the main silica gel making company, basically. And it begins. I just like, people really
 knew how to write science in the old days. Oh, so it wasn't very dry. Oh my god.
 Walk right into that. You said it up yourself. I know. I know. I left the rake out. The story of
 silica gel, just listen to the way this begins. All right. Someday, the true history of mankind will
 be written, a history that will treat not the struggle of man against man, but of the epic struggle
 of man against the forces of nature. One great force of nature is oxidation, the intimate union of
 oxygen and carbon producing combustion, combustion produces heat and primitive man. So this is about
 silica gel. It's great. Wonderful. It's so good. It's Lord of the Rings-style science. It really is,
 though, isn't it? Yeah. One of us uses way more silica gel than the others. Can you guess? Is it
 me because there's a K-pop band called silica gel? That's not the reason. But it is you. Oh, well,
 I think I know why. Go on. I think just through my research. Yeah. I think it's James because of his cat.
 Yes. Okay. Oh, that's how I dry her. But that in the rain. In there with the shoes now.
 Don't eat it. It's cat litter. Cat litter, cat litter. Yeah. I think we've been used it so world
 one after the invention by Walter Patrick, it was used in gas masks. Yeah. Yeah. Salt shakers
 used to use it in the cap. You would put little bits of it so that the salt wouldn't dry out. Clump up.
 Yeah. So it doesn't clump up because people would put bits of rice in there, right?
 But you would actually put little silica inside the top of salt cap. I'm going to put some in my coffee
 tin when I get home. Do not eat. I'm sorry. How many times do we have to tell you? But am I allowed to
 drink it? You sounded like a health and safety dog like there. Do not eat. I just imagine that you
 put it in your coffee and you pour the water in your coffee and all the water's gone.
 Three capsules in here. You can do that with the powder from diapers. It's a typical magic
 trick that you do in science shows. You take like three cups, like non-transparent cups, like
 paper cups. And in one of them, you put the powder that is inside a diaper, like a baby diaper.
 You put it like one or two centimeters at the bottom and then you pour water in all three of them.
 And if you take the one that had the powder, you can turn it around over your head and
 nothing will come out because it absorbs or add soaps. But it also sticks to the sides.
 It turns a little bit white or something and I've seen people use it as fake snow bastard.
 Really? Don't eat the yellows now though.
 I had one more thing about these one atom layers. Oh yeah. Like graphene. So graphene is
 stuff that is made of one layer of carbon atoms all in hexagonal shapes.
 It's the stuff that your pencil is made of. So you're writing with graphene. And the
 cheapest way that they made one layered graph, it's very difficult to make something of one atom thick.
 The cheapest way was with sticky tape. You just put sticky tape on a pencil and you rip it off
 and then you put sticky tape on the sticky tape and you rip it off again and you keep going
 until there's just one layer left. It's got a low tech way to make to make graphene.
 This is silly question. How do you get off the sticky tape? I do not know. I think you study it
 on the sticky tape. Oh okay, so there's not for production. No. No. Then you put electricity on it
 in there. Yeah. We've met Andre Geim. Yeah. Discovered it, I think. But he won a Nobel prize for
 it definitely and he also won an ignoble prize for levitating frogs. Yes. That's right. He was
 at his university and there was a giant magnet and he was walking past it one day. And I think
 on a whim, he chucked a ham sandwich and just to see if it would float and it did. So then he
 he misses how these people cut like putting a sausage in space, putting a ham sandwich in a magnet.
 You know, these ideas, they seem stupid at the time. We do the impossible. And then 30 years from now,
 we get the call from the Nobel committee and it's like, yeah, thought that would happen
 later. It was the egg Nobel prize. He won for that one. The Nobel prize. The guy who does the egg
 Nobel prize, it sounds incredibly serious. He's the opposite of the Swedish chef. My favorite
 ignoble prize is also has to do with surface was mathematics. I think it was 2002. Ignoble
 prize in mathematics for an Indian researcher who calculated the entire surface if you were to
 fold an Indian elephant open. Yeah. So what is the surface? What is the surface of an Indian
 elephant if you were to fold it open? What do you mean by that? Yeah. Fold it open. Like you're
 doing cut in half and then fold. I think I think fold all the surface area. So it's very wrinkled.
 Yeah. And it was really useful research because for especially vats when they had to dose
 medication for elephants, they had to measure the height of the elephant and it was very dangerous.
 Because they're moody creatures. People get killed by them. And he could calculate it from a footprint.
 So he could just let an elephant walk over some mud and then measure the area of the footprint
 and then he could say the entire surface area of the elephant is this. So the dosage of the
 medication is this and you don't have to get near it and get killed. Wow. Yeah. You know what they
 say about elephants with big feet? They're just big in general. Yeah. That's what they say. That's
 another saying here. You don't look like the sausage up there. Okay. It is time for our final
 fact of the show. And that is my fact. My fact this week is that the first female scientist to be
 celebrated with a marble bust at the Royal Society was never able to visit it because women weren't
 allowed in the building. Wow. This is kind of a nice story at the start because she's got a bust.
 Yes. And then it tells off quite a lot of the end that. Yeah. And this was a fact that was told to
 me directly by a particle accelerator physicist from Australia called Dr. Susie Shihi. It's
 SHWHWF. Anyone wants to look her up? She's really awesome. And she was saying it's really fascinating.
 This incredible scientist who was born 1780 called Mary Somerville was known as the Queen of
 Sciences in her time. She was such an influence that all the members of the society wanted to
 commemorate her with a bust in her own lifetime. And they did so. But because the rules of the
 society did not allow women into the building, she was never literally allowed to go and see it.
 Yeah. They could have flexed the rules. But they didn't. She said it's outrageous in hindsight.
 It's absolutely outrageous. We could have seen it. I think because in 1834 when she was still alive,
 there was a ship that was named after her called the Mary Somerville ship and the figurehead
 of that ship was copied from that bust. And not only for the ship, a lot of the leading scientists
 of the Royal Society loved it so much that they asked for a casting of it for their own home.
 So she could have gone to their houses as well. Again, these are just bad reasons not to let her in.
 I'm just, I'm just, I'm just livid about it. We're not, we're not saying if this is a good
 conversation, but she likely would have seen it in people's homes as the front of a ship. So it's
 pretty cool. It got a lot of outing. But her, her history at the Royal Society was amazing. She,
 I think, was she the first woman to have a paper read out, authored by her at the Royal Society,
 but she wasn't allowed in. Her husband had to read it out on her behalf. Yeah.
 You know, I think he had to get things out of the library from her. And she's amazing. She wrote so
 many extraordinary scientific works. She was an amazing mathematician. I mean, she just achieved so
 much in 19th century science. She pre-discovered a planet. So in 1842, she, she wrote, she wrote her
 work saying, you know, there are some get ready disturbances in the movements of Uranus. All right.
 Not giggling in the back. Thank you. Yeah. And she basically said, it looks like there might be
 something else that is causing these disturbances in the movements of Uranus. And she inspired an
 astronomer called Dronecouch Adams, lo and behold, four years later, Neptune is discovered. Yeah.
 Right where she said it would be. It's very cool. It is very cool. She and she tutored Ada Lovelace.
 Really? Yeah. So she was, she was really sort of a pivotal figure for science back then. But she
 was a woman, therefore, it was hard. And what was the reason that she got to science? Because
 of course, back then, you had to have time and money. Yeah. So she, when she was a child,
 she got into Euclid, like a lot of scientists did. So Euclid is an old Greek book where he
 approves lots of geometry. But it's really easy to follow. You can just pick it up from the first
 pages, like this is what a dot is, this is what a line is. And then the final pages, this is an
 incredibly complicated bit of geometry. So it's really interesting for younger people to go through.
 So she was interested in it. And then she married her cousin. And her cousin died, but he was very
 rich. So she became a woman of wealth. So she could do whatever she wants. She was quite young at this
 age. In actual fact, she then married another cousin of hers. She had a type. She had a type.
 But rich cousins. But she was, yeah, she was wealthy and she was interested in the sciences and so.
 And her parents originally didn't want her to learn too much. And I think for the first seven or
 eight years of her life, she, she wasn't taught to read. She wasn't taught anything. And eventually,
 her parents thought we better teach her, you know, the basics of reading and accounting. Then she
 was getting too good. She was reading too much Euclid and they freaked out a bit because they thought
 too much education had driven her sister insane. So her sister, her sister, yeah, she had an older sister,
 I think. And her first husband who you mentioned, James, who was cousin number one, Samuel Grieg,
 was a bit of a hindrance to her. He didn't agree with women being educated, basically.
 Happily, he died after three years, leaving her everything. So as you say, she then got the
 married cousin number two, who was a brilliant support all the way through her career, you know,
 and and, you know, hung back so she could shine as it were. It sounds like education was this
 green time of the children back then. Just half an hour of education today will drive you insane.
 They used to take her candles away at night. Yeah, the parents would come in and go and we're
 taking your candles. You're reading too much. But this is a thing you would like James, especially.
 I think she got into it because there was an algebra puzzle in a friend's fashion magazine.
 And that's what brought her to Euclid. She thought that seems interesting. She begged her brother's
 tutor to buy her the elements of drama tree. And I would like this because I like fashion magazines.
 That's it. You see James in public, he's never without a gratz here. I just think puzzles, I love
 puzzles. An era where fashion magazines printed algebra puzzles is a great era. So the raw
 society, they didn't allow women to be members and into the building until 1945. And it was founded
 around 1660. There was a moment where a woman did make it in Margaret Cavendish, who was also one of
 the early great female scientists of that period. She went in in May of 1667 and it caused such
 unuproar and scandal that no one was back until 1945 basically. She sort of got around with them or
 that was just this agreement. Yeah. I think she pointed out some mistakes in the experiments
 probably. She was really interested in science. Yeah. She was very extravagant for her age.
 She wore men's clothes, which was seen very strange at the time. John Evelyn, who was there, said her
 headgear was so pretty, I never saw anything so witty. Though I was half a beard. God bless us. When I
 did see her, she looked like a cavalier, but that she had no beard. Some of your peeps who was there,
 said the duchess have been good, calmly woman, but her dress is so amtic and her department so
 on ordinary that I do not like her at all. So I think she was just a bit like she wasn't what you would
 expect to be in the Royal Society at the time and that was it. But there was actually someone who
 was a fellow before 1945, a woman and that was Queen Victoria. She was an honorary royal fellow
 because it's the Royal Society and she was Royal Society. So she was allowed to be a member but like
 it was a member by name really. So this the idea of women not being part of these science institutions,
 not just the UK, like this was this was global. There's one great example, which is that in France,
 in 1911, the Academy rejected Marie Curie to be a member of it. 1911 is the year that she won her
 second Nobel Prize in sciences. If you get three, if you get three, we'll let you in. But two,
 I think you're still an amateur if you only have two Nobel prizes. So weird that you have these
 people who are supposed to be very logical doing experiments, but still the just the having a
 woman there who has won two Nobel prizes still going well now. I don't I don't think it's appropriate
 for you to enter here. How do you how do you get your head well? Humans are very creative in
 rationalising these things. Yeah. There was a to come back to the UK, the Royal Society,
 their earliest published report by a woman in their journal was attributed to Governor Belcher's
 lady. That's who's written right. Yeah. And there was a hertha Erton. She was a brilliant scientist
 and she she improved electric lighting dramatically. I think in the early 20th century and a group of
 scholars proposed that we really should let in a woman into the society. And then they said,
 oh, sorry, you're married. Sorry, if you've been single, different matter. And hertha Erton,
 she was told at the age of 52, I'm sorry, you're just too old to contribute to the Royal Society.
 While the society's president at the time was in his 80s, I mean, yeah, obviously massive
 double standards, but yeah. Maria Mitchell's another interesting one. So she was an astronomy
 person in the 19th century and she was friends with Mary Somerville. She came to over to Europe to
 meet her. She couldn't get into the Royal Society. They wouldn't let her in there. But when she met
 George Erie FRS, the British astronomer Royal, he said to her, in England, there is no astronomical
 public and we do not need to make science popular. Wow. So she went on around Europe and visited
 lots of people. And then she went to the Vatican where they had an amazing astronomy place and she
 wanted to go and look at their telescopes. And she was told that because she was a woman, she wasn't
 allowed there after dark. So she could go and look at the telescopes during the day. Oh, no.
 But as soon as it went dark, women were not allowed in. Oh, that's true. Isn't that amazing?
 We've mentioned that there was the Mary Somerville ship. And that was, again,
 in her lifetime that ship was out there. So she would have seen the bus. It sank with all hands
 aboard in her lifetime. Yes. It was about 20 years and then. Yeah, exactly. There's only one other
 fact as far as I can tell that also had a ship named after it that we've done on today's show.
 Little quiz question. Oh, we don't cry. It's incredible to see it plow its way across the sea bed.
 Always in dry dark. Is the correct answer. No, it was a ship that was named after silica.
 And it to also sank. So it's now at the bottom of the ocean somewhere, slowly getting bigger and
 bigger and bigger. Yeah. I wonder how much higher the ocean would be if that didn't. That's great.
 She's on the Scottish tenor now. Mary Somerville, which is nice because she grew up in Scotland
 as of 2017. And if you look at it under UV light, there's a little Easter egg
 hidden in there. It's a lunar diagram, which is from one of her books called The Mechanism of
 the Heavens. That's very cool. She was very also the other thing she did. She was a real science
 communicator, like she did do brilliant mathematical work and science in herself. But she also
 wrote these incredible books, which explained and drew together science to lots of people.
 And there's this report. You see in lots of places said that she was called the first person
 ever called a scientist because there was a review of one of her books by William Hewell,
 who coined the word scientist in review. He didn't actually call her a scientist. He just said it's
 crazy that we have chemists and biologists and we have bloodists and everything. But where's the word?
 Why don't we call them a scientist? And scientists at the time hated the idea of the word
 scientist. Yeah. Because they were getting very snotty about the idea of professional scientists
 coming and ruining a traditionally amateurs game for rich blocs. Well, as a physicist, you don't
 want to be in a Zoom rule with a chemist. Of course, you shouldn't be one word or an engineer.
 Can I tell you a thing about her husband, her second husband? Yes. So I've got here, you can see,
 this is reflections by Mary Somerville. This is a first edition of her memoir. Wow. Which was printed
 a couple of years after she died. Look, there's the bust. You can see the Royal Society bust.
 And it begins with a little intro from her daughter saying, this is genuinely how it begins, right?
 The life of a woman entirely devoted to her family duties and to scientific pursuits
 affords a little scope for a biography. Okay. Why have I just bought this? There are in it
 neither stirring events nor brilliant deeds. Okay. And my mother was strongly aversed to gossip and
 to revelations of private life or intimate correspondence. So nothing of the kind will be found in the
 following pages. Why have I bought this book? It's the silicon gel of literature as well.
 And she's under selling it, right? Because in the first two pages, there's a shipwreck,
 and there's two sea baffles and the American Revolution, and her father was involved in all of that.
 Oh, wow. And then get this. Get this about so her second husband, also her cousin, right?
 Yeah. Okay. I'm just going to read this. My mother was dangerously ill when Mary herself was born.
 But my aunt was about to wean her second daughter Janet. So my aunt nursed me till a wet nurse
 could be found. So I was born in the house of my future husband and nursed by his mother.
 See if they both. They both been suckled with this about the same age. They were about the same age.
 On each tea. It might have been no wonder the daughter's like nothing to read here.
 Maybe put it down. Just put it down. Five pages in. You're getting some double suckling stories.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about things that we have said over the course of this
 podcast, we're all online. I'm on Instagram on @Streiberland. James, this morning, leave
 another me on LinkedIn. I did. So why not act me on LinkedIn as well? I got a request as well.
 Yeah, I can tell you why because I'm touring with this AI show. It's so popular amongst companies
 that I have to go to LinkedIn to promote this stuff. It's the boomer take talk and that's where I'm
 on it. Is there anywhere else to find you online? Yes, on my website, leaveinschaer.com, but because
 you cannot spell this, I've also registered leavingshire.com. Andy, I'm on Instagram @AndruhunterM.
 Yep, and you can get to us as a group online as well. But if you want to send us anything, podcast@qy.com,
 that is our email address. All the emails go to Andy. He reads them through. He collects the
 best of them and he brings it to our bonus episode, which is the mail bag episode called drop us a line.
 We do it every two weeks. We absolutely love it. So if you've got a great story about something you've
 heard us say, send it there. Or if you have a great fact, also send it there because Andy collects
 those and we bring it to little fish, which is our new Monday show. Hopefully you've heard it by
 now. We're instead of our facts. We do all of your facts. So if you want to listen to Jule, go to patreon.com/nosuchthing
 as a fish. You can join up there. We've got lots of fun tears if you want to just listen to our other
 shows or you want to check out anything else about us. Want to go to nosuchthing as a fish.com. All of
 our previous episodes are up there. And if you want to see an incredible night of science, go to
 Leavenskirer's AI tour, which is happening in the next couple of months. Leaven, when do you start?
 It's March. I start, I think, the 10th of March. I will start in Leeds and then I go all over
 the country. It's not in a geographical, logical order. So I'm going to drive up and down all the time.
 Amazing. Yeah. Okay. Great. So it's the last, the last three weeks of March and I, I'll end in London
 on March 28th. That's right. Let's do square theatre. That's very exciting. All right. Well, that is
 it for us. Thank you as well to our production team, Leigh Engley, Ethan Ruperrelia and all of the
 other fish busters who are working behind the scenes. And we're going to be back again next week
 with another episode. We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
