 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here
 with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again,
 we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that Sir Roger Penrose,
 the mathematician who's just won the Nobel Prize,
 once designed a theoretically infinite
 geometrical pattern called the Penrose Tiles.
 He then sued a toilet paper company for stealing it
 and creating a theoretically infinite toilet paper roll.
 (laughing)
 Why would you need an infinite,
 well, I suppose everyone's hoarding toilet paper
 at the moment, aren't they?
 - Exactly. - An infinite one
 would be really useful.
 - Okay, so basically, Roger Penrose,
 he's a brilliant, brilliant mathematician.
 In the 1970s, he invented this thing called Penrose Tiling,
 which basically combines two different rhomboids
 that can be repeated ad infinitum.
 Never, this pattern never repeats itself.
 It's really amazing.
 He had just invented them for fun as well.
 He does lots of stuff like this for fun.
 He's fun as well as being a mathematician.
 But a few years later, in fact,
 more than 20 years later actually,
 after he invented it, his wife was in the supermarket
 and she saw some Kleenex loo paper
 and it looked just like his,
 she thought, "I know that pattern."
 And she bought some and she took it home.
 And the firm, the firm which owned Kleenex, Kimberly Clark,
 they had come up with toilet paper, which copied it.
 And he sued.
 - Wow. - He sued.
 - Successfully?
 - Well, he won't talk about what happened in court.
 It was amicably settled outside of court.
 - Yeah, but I think the condition was,
 you can't say Roger Pemrose that they gave you
 20 billion quid or whatever,
 whatever the time the sum was.
 - If he asked for like one pence
 every time they used his pattern,
 and this is a pattern that never, ever repeats infinitely,
 then he could just get all the money in the world.
 The reason it's useful for a toilet paper
 to have this pattern is you want your toilet paper
 to be quilted, right?
 And so it's gonna have a pattern going throughout it
 where you have some bits that have got indentation
 in some places that don't.
 So let's imagine you have just a diamond
 that goes throughout the entire roll.
 So your diamond keeps coming up every now and then
 and you have it on the whole roll.
 Once you wrap it around a toilet paper holder,
 then the diamonds in some places
 are gonna be on top of each other.
 And so it's gonna get thicker in those places
 and it's gonna be thinner in other places,
 which makes it less efficient to package.
 Now, if you have a pattern which never repeats,
 then it means that you're never gonna have
 those kind of indentations that kind of go over each other.
 So it makes it better for a type of toilet paper
 if you want quilted toilet paper.
 - Oh, wow.
 - It's basically the perfect toilet paper he invented,
 but he didn't see it that way.
 - Well, that's the thing with mathematics, isn't it?
 Like you just study maths for the sake of it
 'cause it's beautiful
 and 'cause the numbers do amazing things.
 And you never know what the applications are gonna be.
 You never know what it's gonna be.
 Maybe, you know, infinite amounts of energy
 for the entire world are just a quite a nice bit
 of toilet paper.
 - 'Cause he's denying the world the best version
 of toilet paper that we could possibly have.
 - He pretty much is.
 This was quite a big case at the time.
 I mean, big, big for 1997, but like marketing week.
 - Wait, wasn't it for 1997?
 - Yeah.
 - No, sorry.
 - We're called cases famously usually very small in 1997.
 - I just couldn't think of much else that happened in 1997.
 - Tony Blair came in in 1997.
 - That's true.
 - That's true.
 - But I remember not really being on the front page
 of the newspapers
 'cause it was all about this toilet paper case.
 - The Hong Kong handover barely got a mention, didn't it?
 - Okay, all right.
 Look, we can all name something that happened in 1997.
 Well done, everybody.
 But when it happened,
 there's a publication called "Marketing Week"
 which writes all about this.
 And they wrote this excoriating editorial.
 They said, and it was about quilted toilet paper.
 They said, "The decline of our island kingdom
 dates almost precisely from our ceasing to use
 robust lavatory paper, shiny on one side and dull on the other
 and favoring scented absorbent toilet tissue.
 A nation that dabs rather than stoically abrades its bottom
 has become a feat and can never be at peace with itself."
 - Wow, do you think the bottoms are now a bit bigger
 than they used to be
 because they're not slowly enroded away by toilet paper?
 - 100%, I do think that, yeah.
 - But did it say toilet paper had turned fragrant?
 'Cause we don't do that anymore.
 - It did say scented absorbent toilet tissue.
 - Yeah, you see, when was that written?
 - '97.
 - '97. - There you go.
 So those days are gone.
 I think the author of that would be proud
 of where we've got to because it was a thing
 in the sort of '70s, '80s, '90s,
 slightly fragrant toilet paper,
 often a really disgusting pastel color.
 And we have reverted a bit to non-smelling loo roll
 in pure white.
 So I think we're working our way back
 to the splintery twigs of the park in our defense.
 - These tiles that Penrose discovered,
 according to our, all of our good friend, Will Bowen.
 So Will Bowen, who's one of the QILs,
 he studied mathematics at Oxford
 and his teacher was Penrose.
 As in Penrose, he was the head of maths
 when Will was at university.
 - Oh my goodness.
 - And he says that Penrose broke his arm
 and that he was in hospital 'cause it's quite a bad break.
 And it was while he was kind of lay in hospital
 convalescing that he realized
 that these kind of tiles might exist.
 And he came up with--
 - Oh, I thought, "Sorry, Penrose broke his own arm."
 Not Will.
 I thought that was a, they had a big varbaral--
 - He was a tough, he was a tough professor, but he was,
 he broke it in an infinite number of places.
 - Sorry, go on, Penrose is lying in hospital.
 - Yeah, he's lying in hospital
 and he just has this kind of idea
 that well, what if you can have testilating patterns
 so you can put squares all after each other
 and they'll go together and there'll be no gaps in between.
 You can do the same with triangles,
 you can do the same with lots of different shapes.
 But what he thought was what if you could make things
 testilate but they never repeated
 and he came up with this idea
 of using these kind of pentagon things.
 But while he was in hospital, so it's kind of--
 - And it's that the pattern is that it testilates perfectly
 with these two different shapes, but it never,
 so there are no gaps and also you only use two shapes
 and they all, they repeat forever.
 - Yeah, usually the shapes known as kites and darts
 because that's kind of what they look like
 and you'll just keep putting one next to the other,
 next to the other, next to the other with no gaps
 but no matter how many millions and millions of miles you go
 you'll never have repeating pattern.
 - And that was a revolution in actual floor tiling.
 He's basically an interior designer.
 Glorified interior designer.
 - Actually at the Mathematical Institutes of Oxford,
 one of the bits of paving is made of Penrose tiles.
 - That's so nice. - Really?
 - Yeah, that makes sense. - That was really good.
 - He did, so he wasn't the first person,
 I don't think, to come up with the idea
 of trying to have a never-repeasing pattern of tiling
 but people were doing this in the 1960s
 and so people thought that in the end,
 a pattern of shapes that you're trying to fit together
 without any gaps as in tiled together,
 the shapes will always end up eventually repeating themselves
 and then a bunch of mathematicians discovered
 that there's a specific set of 20,426 different shapes
 that if you combine all of them, eventually they won't repeat.
 So they were like, "Okay, as long as you've just got
 over 20,000 different shapes, stick them all together,
 you'll never have the pattern repeating."
 And all Penrose did was, took that figure down to two.
 And I don't know if he went down one by one,
 eradicating one shape after the other,
 but yeah, try this kites and darts thing.
 - It's amazing that the mathematicians
 were doing this kind of thing, right?
 It's really easy to understand concepts,
 just finding new shapes that fit next to each other.
 Obviously quite complicated mathematics,
 but you always think that mathematicians are just working
 with all sorts of numbers and symbols and stuff,
 not shapes like that.
 That's why it's-- - Yeah.
 - Have you guys ever heard of Marjorie Rice?
 - No, Marjorie Rice.
 So there's a guy called Martin Gardner
 who you might have heard of
 and he did like a lot of columns.
 He was like a popular mathematician
 and he wrote once in one of his columns
 that only certain types of pentagons
 can perfectly tile on a flat surface.
 And they were all known.
 So there's only a few different types of pentagons
 that can tessellate and we know what they all are.
 And this lady called Marjorie Rice,
 she only had a high school education,
 she was in America,
 and she thought, "I bet there's some more."
 And so she started cutting things out,
 like cutting out these pentagons
 and trying to find different pentagons
 that would fit in this way.
 And she worked on it all the way through a free time.
 This was during the 1970s.
 All the time she had free,
 she would just try and come up with new ways
 of working out pentagons that would be able to tessellate.
 And when her husband and her children came home,
 she would hide them 'cause she was so embarrassed
 that this is what she was doing.
 And she came up with her own notation,
 her own mathematics that would describe these things.
 And eventually she sent the results to Gardner
 and said, "Look, I found all these new pentagons
 "which will tessellate."
 And he's like, "Holy shit, this is like new maths."
 And you've only got high school education
 and he sent it onto some experts.
 And they saw her notation and they were like,
 "Oh, this just looks like gibberish."
 But the more they looked at it,
 the more they realized that this was a new type of mathematics
 that would tell you these new kind of pentagons
 that will tessellate.
 And she's discovered more than 50 pentagons that tessellate.
 - Jesus.
 - What do we do with that kind of information?
 - Tiling.
 - Outside.
 - But it's literally just for tiling.
 It's, yeah, cool.
 - No, it's really not.
 - There's other stuff.
 - There's really loads of things like,
 for instance, the Penrose ones,
 they later discovered that you can now have crystals
 which have this same non-repeating pattern.
 And those crystals have amazing properties,
 like they're amazing superconductors.
 You can use them to put on like non-stick pans
 and stuff like that.
 So there's always loads of amazing things
 that come out of these things
 which you never think they're gonna come
 because it's a new beautiful kind of maths.
 It's, there's always something useful.
 - Those crystals, they are so cool.
 So I think, okay, I'm probably gonna get this wrong
 because it's quite complicated,
 but there was a crystallographer called Alan Mackay
 who said that if you put atoms at the corners
 of the Penrose tiles
 and then you bounce x-rays off those, right,
 the resulting reflections form the shape
 of a perfect crystal.
 - Right.
 - Okay, I think I understand that just about.
 But that material was discovered
 and called a quasi-crystal.
 So Penrose had basically invented a new,
 like inventing a new species of animal or plant.
 And then that's discovered in the real world.
 - Exactly, it's like you're an author
 and you just make up a new animal
 and then they go around the corner and it's just there.
 It's so weird, completely mad.
 - But I think this whole fitting shapes together thing
 might be the back door into maths.
 If anyone's looking for an easy way
 to a Nobel Prize in maths.
 Because there's this woman who doesn't even have an education.
 Even we understand fitting shapes together.
 Penrose came up with the basis of his idea
 when he was nine, he says.
 And you go, what can you do when you're nine?
 He said that he was having a chat with his dad
 and he asked, can you fit regular hexagons together
 to make a sphere?
 As you do, the standard kind of question you ask
 when you're nine years old.
 And his dad said,
 his dad said, no, you can't fit regular hexagons
 together until they make a sphere.
 You have to include some pentagons.
 And he said, that was the moment.
 He thought, that was a huge surprise to me.
 And that's the moment I realized I had to go
 into the business of fitting shapes together.
 And this is another one of those weird, true things.
 And that's the easiest way to picture this
 is thinking of a football, right?
 You know, football's are designed
 with little hexagonal shapes all over them.
 But the only way you can make a footballer's sphere
 is by having at least 12 pentagons hidden in there somewhere.
 So if you look at a football,
 each pentagon has hexagons, five hexagons around it, isn't it?
 - Yeah, that's a special kind of hatred
 of Matt Parker, isn't it?
 The mathematician. - Yes.
 - Our friend Matt Parker.
 Yeah, whenever he sees a picture of a football
 on like a signpost or something,
 if there's no pentagons on there, he gets furious.
 - Yeah. - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - Just on that, we should say that it may not be
 a complete backdoor to a Nobel Prize
 because Penrose's Nobel Prize is for his work on black holes
 where he used maths to prove that the formation
 of black holes is an inevitable consequence
 of Einstein's general theory of relativity.
 So you can't just cut out some shapes
 and then expect to win the Nobel Prize.
 You have to prove black holes can exist.
 - You can't just design a loo roll and hope for the best.
 - So Roger Penrose is 89 years old
 and he has just won this Nobel Prize.
 And for someone who's so incredibly clever,
 he was a bit thick about understanding
 that there was an award on the way.
 He got a message from his PA saying that someone,
 a strange person had called up and asked for his number.
 And he says later on, that's when he should have,
 you know, smelt a fish is his words.
 He should have seen someone who's coming.
 Then someone called him up from Sweden
 and asked him to go on hold on the phone.
 So he waited and waited, but then he got bored.
 So he hung up.
 So the Nobel committee had to recall him
 in order to give him his award.
 But yeah, just didn't spot it coming.
 - That's so funny.
 - Wow.
 - Well, did you guys see the video of the people
 who won the Nobel Prize for Economics this year?
 - No.
 - No, it's the greatest thing to come out of 2020,
 which I know is not a difficult competition.
 - It's the Nobel Prize.
 - It's not like 1997, whoa, what a year.
 (laughing)
 - The Nobel Prize for Economics went to these two people,
 Robert Wilson and Paul Milgram,
 who sort of redesigned auctions,
 which is apparently this revolutionary thing.
 And anyway, usually what happens with the Nobel's
 is they're decided in Sweden
 and a lot of the winners are in America.
 And so they call up Americans in the middle of the night.
 And there's often stories of them being woken up
 in the middle of the night.
 So they called up these guys
 and they called Wilson, got through to him.
 Well, at first they couldn't get through
 'cause he switched his phone off thinking it was a nobody.
 And so they called his wife
 and his wife woke up, Wilson, said,
 "Hey, it's the Nobel Committee.
 "I reckon I know what it's about."
 So Wilson answered and was like, "Thanks very much."
 And then the Nobel Committee said,
 "Hey, I don't suppose you know your partner
 "from 30 years ago when you came up this idea,
 "Paul Milgram, we can't get through to him.
 "Do you have any idea how we could?"
 And Wilson said, "Well, actually, we live opposite each other.
 (laughing)
 "So you want me to go knock on his door?"
 And so there's CCTV footage from the door cam
 of Paul Milgram's camera of this guy.
 And he's in his 80s, Wilson.
 This guy banging on his door,
 like ringing on the doorbell.
 And he's like, "Paul, Paul!"
 Yeah, that's sort of like really bad connection.
 And he's just woken up in the middle of the night.
 He's like, "What?
 "Yeah, you've won the Nobel Prize.
 "Yeah, can you answer your phone?"
 And it's just the most bizarre footage.
 I'm so annoyed, by the way, you told that story.
 'Cause when you said he was banging on the door,
 I was just about to jump in with,
 "Did he have no bell?"
 But then you went, or ringing the doorbell,
 "Oh, no!"
 Damn it, I completely screwed you over.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that a Washington State's
 Department of Agriculture recently lost track
 of a single hornet they were trying to follow.
 (laughing)
 Specifically, the Asian giant hornet,
 also known as the murder hornet,
 which has been hanging out in Japan and China
 for a very long time, but arrived in America
 in October this year and caused absolute panic
 because it's an invasive species,
 and also really hurts if you get stung by it,
 and it destroys bee species.
 So the State Department said we've got a catch one,
 and we've got a catch one that's gonna lead us back
 to the hive, to the nest.
 And so they came up with all these ideas of getting it,
 so they caught one hornet, I think,
 and attempted to super glue or double-sided sticky tape,
 or tracking device to it, but that didn't work.
 And eventually they trapped one by strapping a bit
 of dental floss around its stomach,
 and attaching a tracking device to that, like a belt,
 and then chasing it, trying to chase it down.
 But they lost it, disappeared, 'cause they fly,
 and they're fast, and they're hard to chase.
 - Wow.
 - Well, they used Bluetooth.
 That was one way they lost it.
 Yeah, in an early experiment,
 the transmitter they had attached to it
 was a Bluetooth one, and it only works over a few hundred feet.
 So if it gets out of your range, then you're stuffed.
 - Yeah.
 - The chief entomologist did also say
 it actually does fly a lot faster
 than we realized we could run.
 So yeah, it was based on having to keep up
 with this bit of signal.
 - You need a Judas insect, they call it,
 to lead you back to the hive.
 This is what they say it is.
 So to get your hornet in the first place,
 you leave out some orange juice and some rice wine,
 which they love, 'cause it's so sugary.
 And then you can trap it,
 and that's what it's called, the Judas insect.
 - It's interesting, 'cause they come over from,
 is it Japan or China or somewhere?
 From Japan, isn't it?
 - Both.
 - Is that why they like rice wine?
 Like, 'cause they used to it in Japan.
 - I do not know whether it's Japan-specific food.
 I don't know whether the tastes of the insects are the same.
 - You don't know?
 - It's good, I like it, I like the theory.
 So the big problem with these hornets, right,
 is that the bees and so on in America
 don't know how to deal with them at all,
 because they've not had them as part of their life.
 And the name, murder hornet,
 is applied not because they're dangerous to humans,
 they are dangerous to humans,
 but really it's applied properly
 because of how dangerous they are to the bees.
 They can go into their nests
 and basically just decimate within minutes.
 They just rip heads off, arms off, everything off,
 and it's a blood bath in there.
 They can kill 40 European bees in a minute.
 Like, these are absolutely the fastest.
 - So people do call them murder hornets,
 but entomologists are furious about that.
 They do not like to call in these murder hornets
 because it's just, it's bad PR.
 They're just hornets, they're just animals.
 They're doing, you know, they're doing what hornets do.
 And like, okay, in America,
 they are an invasive species and in Canada,
 but in Japan, they use them to work against pests.
 As in if bees, if pests come into their fields,
 they can use these hornets to get rid of them.
 - What kind of pests are you getting rid of though?
 - Well, I can only imagine it's lots of bees
 'cause that seems to be what they do,
 but no, it isn't.
 I think hornets, these hornets, they eat all insects.
 So they do like the tasty North American bees quite a lot,
 but if there are any other insects there,
 then they'll eat those as well.
 So the other name you can call them,
 I think in America, they're quite often called
 giant Asian hornets,
 but there is an entomologist called Akito Kawahara
 who says that really you shouldn't call them that,
 either because Asian can have meanings
 like Asian flu and stuff like that.
 So you're kind of taking a bad thing
 and you're giving it that epithet.
 So you shouldn't really do that.
 So really just giant hornets or large hornets,
 that's what he says, just call them big, big old hornets.
 - In Japan, they get called giant sparrow hornets,
 which is pretty terrifying.
 But I think there's a weird thing
 because the murder hornet thing is,
 in Japan, they're not called murder hornets
 or rather the word that gets applied to them
 just kind of means killer hornets.
 And that's because in the Japanese language,
 the word for kill and murder are the same, I think.
 So they don't, so the much more pejorative version
 is the one that's made its way into English,
 the much more evocative name.
 Killer hornets, obviously also not a great name to have.
 - Well, they kill up to 50 people every year,
 like humans in Japan, especially.
 And they have this sting,
 which if you're wearing a normal beekeeping suit,
 it's still strong enough to go through this beekeeping suit
 and it can kill you.
 So one of the world experts always wears a hazmat suit instead.
 - Well, I got, I was really excited to realize that we,
 after I found this fact,
 I was just looking through podcast emails
 to see if anyone's ever mentioned hornets.
 And we very recently got contacted
 by this guy called Konrad Berube,
 who is the guy who took out the first hornet nest
 in North America when it arrived last year.
 So it came to Canada, it was in British Columbia.
 And so he's this expert and he published this paper on it.
 And one of the things he said is
 that when he's chasing them around,
 he wears a Kevlar vest and he wore two pairs of trousers.
 He wears braces that are built
 to ward against chainsaw injury.
 And then he wears beekeeping gear.
 He's still got stung quite a bit.
 And he said that it was extremely painful,
 but he's a beekeeper.
 So he suspects that for normal people
 who aren't used to being stung,
 be real agony.
 But isn't that cool?
 We've, a podcast fan is the guy
 who took out the first nest in North America.
 He also said, incidentally,
 that he would never use the M phrase.
 We doesn't like to use the M phrase,
 the murder hornet phrase.
 You've got to be very politically correct
 with these hornets attack.
 - That guy, did he hoover them up?
 'Cause they have vacuum cleaners
 that they use for insect special ones.
 - Yes, I think it's might've been him.
 'Cause was this August, 2019,
 that they arrived in North America?
 He said that the hornets were so big
 that they wouldn't fit in the nozzle of his vacuum cleaner.
 That is terrifying.
 - That was in the Vancouver area, I think,
 that first one last year.
 And they found the first one in the United States this year,
 which was in Washington.
 And again, they use the vacuum cleaner
 to suck that one away.
 And it was done by an entomologist called Chris Looney.
 - Nice.
 - I hope he lived up to his name
 and just went in wearing boxer shorts, bare chest boots.
 - So Looney said, because we've been talking about
 how people are very scared of getting the sting
 and how it can penetrate.
 He's not so much scared of the sting.
 What he's more petrified about is the squirty venom
 that they're able to shoot at you.
 And that's another thing that you need to worry about.
 So they shoot venom at you and that can really burn.
 Like badly, it can give nerve damage to the eye.
 And so for him, that's the more intimidating thing
 than the sting itself that he's looking out for.
 - I have to say, it feels like entomologists
 who keep saying, no, they're just large hornets
 are fighting a slightly losing battle here.
 Do you know how you trap them
 if you've got them in your home?
 - I think I would move house.
 - Good luck in the estate agency stage, mate.
 Good luck with the viewings.
 - Under a bowl?
 - Well, you can use a bowl,
 but the thing you need to put in the bowl is prawns.
 They love prawns, especially during breeding season
 when they're going for a slightly more proteiny mix
 in their diet.
 - Wait, but they surely, I know they're big,
 but they're not big enough or good enough at swimming
 to be hunting prawns in the wild.
 - I think they very rarely take down full prawns
 in the wild, but they do eat meat, don't they?
 - I think a prawn is basically an insect of the sea, isn't it?
 So maybe, you know, it has a similar taste to insects.
 I have eaten insects, but I've never eaten prawns,
 so I don't really know what prawns taste like.
 - See, that is the reverse of most people's experience of life.
 - Yes, it's true.
 - I've eaten prawns, but I don't think I've eaten insects.
 I swallowed the fly warts on my bike,
 but it wasn't the same.
 - How did you get rid of that fly?
 - No, we can't go down this road, we don't have the time.
 In Japan, where they are not talked of as pejoratively,
 one of the reasons could be that the bees in Japan
 have evolved to deal with them much better, haven't they?
 So they have this amazing way of killing them,
 which the European bees have not figured out.
 So what Japanese honeybees do is if they see
 an Asian giant hornet coming towards them,
 instead of going out to attack it,
 which is what the European bees do when they get decimated,
 they retreat back into their hive, the hornet comes in,
 and then a massive crowd of them, so hundreds of bees,
 swarm it, and then they vibrate around it,
 giving this sort of giant hug,
 and they vibrate and vibrate and vibrate,
 so it raises the temperature so much that the hornet dies,
 and it has to be quite specific,
 because a hornet dies, I think, at about 47.2 degrees C,
 and the bees will die if it gets about one or two degrees
 hotter than that.
 - Oh, really?
 - They've got to be real thermostats in that situation.
 - 'Cause that's what our theme tune's about, isn't it, then?
 - That's right, if anyone wants to find the full version
 of our theme tune called Wasps,
 that is the story in the lyrics about how that happens.
 - Of course, yeah.
 - Is it like a metaphor or something for lyrics then?
 I've realized, I've heard those lyrics, obviously,
 hundreds of times, but I've never really thought.
 - Yeah, it's the idea, I mean, Ash Gardner,
 who wrote it will know better,
 but the way I always interpret it is that you need
 all of your friend bees to kill the hornet,
 you all need to come together and hold on to each other
 in order to get past this terrible foe,
 and in the same way, humans, when we come together,
 we can achieve anything.
 - Isn't that right?
 - That's what I always thought of it.
 - That's really nice.
 It's time we get together, show what we can do,
 you hold on to me and I'll hold on to you.
 - And then we'll kill this hornet.
 - Yeah.
 - Down with the murder hornets, with past it.
 - Japan has an annual wasp festival.
 This is cool.
 It's called the Kushihara Hebo Matsuri.
 So Kushihara is the village and Hebo means wasp.
 And you have to bring a wasp nest to the festival.
 - What?
 - So the prize is for the heaviest wasp nest,
 but it's obviously quite hard to bring a wasp nest.
 - Yeah.
 - So this is how you do it.
 You have to attach a bit of white paper
 to a tiny sliver of fish, right?
 And the wasp, wasps of meat, that will swoop in
 and it'll grab the bit of fish and it flies off.
 But you can see the paper 'cause you've attached
 the paper to the fish.
 So you follow this little bit of paper
 flying through the air, that takes you back to the nest.
 And then you have to carefully dig it out,
 feed the wasps raw meat to grow them
 so that they build a big, strong nest.
 And then you eventually bring out this whole nest box
 and you bring it to the festival.
 - Oh Christ, wow.
 - I think we should just say, for people at home,
 don't go near a wasp's nest.
 'Cause they are dangerous, aren't they?
 Wasp's nest.
 You can get really badly stung.
 - Yeah, but if you really want to go to this festival,
 I mean, who's headlining the Japanese festival?
 - It's just more giant wasps.
 - Exactly.
 I was going to say, even bigger warning,
 do not go to the wasp festival.
 Certainly don't get the train there on the day
 that all the competitors are heading there as well.
 - In answer to your question,
 who's headlining the wasp festival, I think it's Sting.
 - Aye.
 - Aye.
 - In the medieval times,
 a peasant who lived near the French village of Cambrai
 dreamed that he got a divine revelation
 from a swarm of bees entering his anus.
 (laughing)
 Yeah.
 - Okay.
 That is putting a positive spin
 on what for most people would be
 quite a negative experience.
 (laughing)
 - A swarm of bees went to his anus.
 - Did he enter himself into that big wasp competition?
 (laughing)
 To clarify, to clarify for a second.
 I think he dreamed that a swarm of bees
 went to his anus and that the bees in the dream
 had given him a divine revelation about the evil clergy.
 I don't think.
 (laughing)
 But so, oh, okay.
 So they spoke to him from within his anus.
 - Yes, inside the dream,
 they spoke to him by flying into his bosom
 and they told him a divine revelation.
 - Okay.
 - Okay.
 - No bees were harmed.
 - It's not how you'd assume
 that God would communicate with you, is it?
 But he does, he works in mysterious ones.
 - Very mysterious.
 - I think they had to coin that phrase
 just for this specific revelation.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that two years
 after the release of the first James Bond movie,
 an actual British spy called James Bond
 was discovered in Poland.
 - Incredible.
 - That's so good.
 - Amazing, who would have thought it?
 - Was it a response to the films?
 Was it them saying, we're gonna name all us
 why is James Bond?
 - Oh, like Spartacus or something,
 that would have been exactly.
 There's a suggestion of that.
 Now the thing is, this was in the Cold War
 and we are learning more stuff,
 like it gets declassified,
 but it's still kind of sketchy what people knew
 and what people were doing and all that kind of things.
 So we're kind of piecing things together.
 But they found this file
 that the Polish security service put together
 during the Cold War about this guy
 called James Albert Bond.
 And he went to Poland
 and ostentatiously started flirting with women
 and hanging around nuclear power plants and stuff like that.
 I don't know exactly what he did,
 but he was acting very, very obviously like a spy.
 And there's a suggestion
 that the British might have sent him over,
 deliberately given him that name,
 so that the Polish had to use their resources,
 investigating him,
 while perhaps some other covert stuff was happening.
 We don't know that.
 We don't know whether he was just on holiday in Poland,
 who just happened to be there.
 And everyone's just kind of put one-on-one together
 and got three.
 His wife seems to think
 that there might have been something going on.
 He's unfortunately not with us anymore,
 so we can't ask him.
 So who knows?
 - So many, so many James Bonds out there.
 So there was a survey done by a website,
 it's a census website,
 which found 7,672 James Bonds in history,
 with all sorts of jobs.
 They were mostly dull, you know, clerks and things.
 There were some orchid growers though, that was fun.
 And in the 1920 census,
 there was someone who was called Goldfinger.
 Goldyfinger, Goldyfinger.
 - Goldyfinger, that's G-O-L-D-E, gold.
 - Ah, do we know what that person did?
 Were they a villain?
 Was it a profession?
 - I don't think so.
 I don't know their profession.
 - There's a Wikipedia page,
 and obviously if you put James Bond in
 and you go for the Bond that's not the character,
 you get a few notable bonds.
 And so there's a few, there's a Speedway Racer,
 there is a Naval Officer,
 and there's a few other,
 and what's interesting is most of them,
 at some point in the article that says
 their nickname was 007.
 And I think every single one of them have the same nickname.
 Poor thing for their lives,
 if they were after the movies.
 But obviously the most notable one is the bird watcher,
 the ornithologist, James Bond,
 who the character was named after.
 - Yes, indeed.
 - They met, I think, didn't they, in the end?
 - They did.
 - And actually the James Bond, the bird watcher,
 said he loved being James Bond,
 because apparently it helped him get through passport control,
 which just made me think the passport control
 in the '60s or whatever was quite a lot more lax.
 He was just saying, "My name's James Bond."
 - Do you think he gave them the passport,
 and they saw the name,
 and he just tapped to the side of his nose
 and went, "Better let me in, guys."
 - Yeah, and all the security went,
 "God, this must be a thing that they forgot to tell me about."
 I'll let him through.
 - Ian Fleming once wrote to the other James Bond's wife
 and said that apologizing that he'd stolen the husband's name.
 And he said, "Perhaps one day your husband
 "will discover a particularly horrible species of bird,
 "which he would like to christen in an insulting fashion
 "by calling it Ian Fleming."
 - Very nice.
 - There's a theory that, a very new theory,
 that actually it wasn't based on James Bond,
 the ornithologist, that was just a cover by Ian Fleming
 to protect the person it was based on.
 And this is because a new thing came to light in 2018,
 a guy called Stephen Phillips from Swansea
 was looking into his grandfather's records,
 and his grandfather's called James Bond.
 And there were documents that had just been declassified
 that showed that his grandfather
 was an SOE, a special operations executive agent
 in World War II.
 And he just signed the official secrets act just before D-Day,
 so he was clearly involved in that in some way.
 And so this guy, Stephen Phillips' grandson,
 reckons it's likely Ian Fleming would have met him
 'cause they were both hanging out in the spy world
 around that time.
 And then thought, James Bond, great name,
 I better not say I was inspired by this spy
 'cause I don't want to spill the beans.
 So I'll find another James Bond to claim it was based on
 instead, so that's the theory.
 And the real James Bond ended up working
 as a lollipop man in Swansea.
 So, that's the obvious trajectory.
 - That must have been such an exciting crossing,
 a pelican crossing for Crosshead.
 Can you imagine?
 Gunfire, car chases.
 - The lollipop was actually a bazooka
 that he would have created in his beading car.
 - There's a guy called James Bond in Walsall,
 council worker in Walsall.
 He used to be called David Fern.
 And much like that guy who changed his name
 to Isle of Spam the other week,
 I don't know if you remember him.
 David Fern from Walsall has changed his name
 to James Bond, but as a middle name,
 he's included all the Bond film titles.
 This was in the newspapers in 2006.
 So, if he's ever stopped and they say, "What's your name?"
 He would say, "The name's Bond."
 James Dr. No from "Russia with Love,"
 Goldfinger, Thunderball, you only have them twice
 on a Majesty's Secret Service, blah, blah, blah,
 blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.
 Die Another Day, Casino Real, Bond.
 - Does he have to change his name again by Deadpool
 every time a new film is released?
 - I think that's why they haven't released the new one yet,
 'cause he hasn't gotten around to it.
 (laughing)
 - Wow.
 - You really choose a path of embracing it,
 or really hating it, don't you?
 There was actually a documentary.
 Did you guys see, there's a documentary
 called "The Other Fellow," made by this bloke,
 called Matthew Bowyer, which is about other people
 with the name James Bond, and it went around the world,
 interviewing them, and the vast majority
 basically find it incredibly annoying.
 There was one guy who said,
 "The most annoying thing is that at least four times a week,
 "people come up to him and sing the Bond theme tune,
 "but easily half the time they attempt to do that,
 "they sing the Mission Impossible theme tune instead."
 (laughing)
 - Really?
 - There was a Canadian lawyer who was quite nice,
 he was called James Bond, and he always hated it
 'cause of all the jokes and stuff,
 and then eventually he got married the year before
 they made the documentary, and the guy he married said,
 "Look, there's no way I'm not calling you James Bond,"
 so he always went by Jim, Jim Bond.
 He said, "There's no way I'm not calling you James Bond,"
 and so now he embraces it, and he calls his husband,
 Moneypenny, and always orders Volcomartini,
 shaken, not stirred, and I think that's the way to go.
 - So Sean Connery, obviously very sadly passed away recently,
 nice little James Bond connection from his earlier life
 is that Connery used to deliver milk, he was a milkman,
 and he used to deliver milk to Fetty's school in the UK,
 and that is where the fictional James Bond went to.
 - Oh, no way! - That's insane.
 - Yeah, he was a model for fictional James Bond.
 - I guess he would have been doing it
 'cause when was Connery born, 1930,
 he might have been doing it at the time
 when Bond was at that school,
 as in he might have been delivering it
 to his fictional self without knowing it.
 - He has a sort of a billion jobs, didn't he?
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - It kind of implied that he couldn't stick it
 at a thing in a way, but one of the jobs that I like
 is the fact that he worked as a life drawing model
 'cause it means that we have an almost entirely naked picture
 of Sean Connery in his very early days available,
 and bizarrely he worked as a life drawing model
 and the quite famous arts promoter and artist,
 Richard DeMarco drew him, so you can see Sean Connery,
 and he's wearing this sort of brown willysack,
 like a tiny, what do you call, like a--
 - Like a posing pouch. - A posing pouch.
 - A posing pouch. - Yeah.
 I would call it a willysack if you like.
 - It's a willysack.
 - Are you sure it's a willysack
 and not just he's got very, very weird genitals?
 - I couldn't say 100%, I didn't zoom in closely enough.
 - It's worth taking a look.
 - Yeah, that sounds like the artists in the class
 just got prudish when they got down there,
 "Ugh, that will do."
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, just a brown blur.
 - He was supposed to be Gandalf, wasn't he?
 The Lord of the Rings. - Really?
 - But he was offered 15% of the box office receipts
 which would have given him $450 million.
 And he turned it down 'cause he didn't understand the script.
 And then they interviewed him later and he said,
 "I've read the book, I read the script,
 "I saw the movie, I still don't understand it."
 (all laughing)
 - 15%? - Yeah.
 - Instead, he made the League of Extraordinary Gentlemen
 as his last film.
 What a different film to go out on.
 - That was his last film, really.
 - Yeah, he retired after that because it,
 I mean, it is a bit of a honker.
 - He was a member of the SMP,
 a sort of card carrying member
 and the membership number they gave him, 007.
 - Amazing.
 - As if that wasn't used already,
 do they not even have seven members?
 (all laughing)
 - They had to kick an extremely long-serving
 loyal person out in order to give it to them.
 - Margaret Thatcher was offered the passport 007,
 wasn't she?
 We might have said that before,
 but she said, "No, that's silly."
 And they gave it to someone incredibly boring
 and said it was someone like him.
 - Just some random lollipop man in Wales.
 (all laughing)
 - Was it Jeff?
 - I mean, that would make your day.
 Was it Jeff?
 Who did you say?
 - It was someone, who's the MP who said?
 - Jeff.
 - H, double O, N.
 (all laughing)
 - That's right.
 (all laughing)
 - He spent some time in his life sleeping in a coffin.
 - Oh, wow.
 Is that 'cause he worked,
 didn't he work as a funeral director
 or a grave digger or something?
 - Oh, no, not nearly that senior.
 He worked as a coffin polisher.
 You've given him seven promotions.
 (all laughing)
 - I think he worked as a coffin polisher
 because he was friends with this guy
 that he did bodybuilding with Mr. Scotland, Archie Brennan.
 And Archie Brennan suggested he get into coffin polishing
 to earn some extra money.
 And there was an interview with someone
 who was his old workmate in the warehouse
 where they polished the coffins and made them.
 And it's this guy called Tommy Walk,
 who said he noticed that Sean, young Sean,
 wasn't going home at night.
 He was sleeping in the coffins.
 So he was just having a bit of a rough time
 at that period of his life.
 - I think I'd be a bit worried about Mr. Universe
 or Mr. Scotland polishing the coffins
 'cause he'd be so strong he'd go right the way through it.
 (all laughing)
 - I love that you just corrected me
 about giving a promotion to Sean Connery in that company.
 And then immediately gave Mr. Scotland
 the Mr. Universe title.
 (all laughing)
 - Well, to Sean Connery,
 Scotland was the universe, Dan.
 So I think it's what he would have wanted me to say.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is in 1970,
 burglars managed to successfully get past
 an unpickable door lock
 and steal American government documents
 by tacking a note to it a few hours beforehand
 that read, "Please don't lock this door tonight."
 (all laughing)
 So this came from a really, really cool book
 that was published called "The Burglary",
 the discovery of J. Edgar Hoover's secrets
 by Betty Medziger.
 And the book talks about one of the great moments
 of being able to expose the FBI
 for some hidden secret operations
 that they were conducting in America
 by a group that were known as the Citizens Commission
 to investigate the FBI,
 random group of people who decided to make it their mission
 to infiltrate the FBI and steal these documents.
 But there was a whole scene of these sort of anti-war
 and anti-government activists
 that had been operating in the States,
 going around and breaking into various buildings.
 And they broke into the FBI offices,
 took a thousand classified documents,
 and they sent it to all the newspapers.
 And the Washington Post were the first
 to sort of publish them
 and show that there was secret spying
 that was going on under J. Edgar Hoover's government
 and really kind of tore him down a lot.
 So yeah, this unpickable lock was just an earlier mission
 where they were trying to get some draft papers
 for the Vietnam War and steal them
 so people couldn't be drafted.
 - And did the people in the offices explain
 why they had read the note and decided
 that that was a legit reason to leave the door open?
 'Cause I can't think of a single ordinary circumstance
 where you would request
 that people don't lock a door overnight.
 - Yes, I would immediately obey the sign.
 If there was a sign on the door saying,
 "Please don't lock this door,"
 I think, "Oh, well, someone has a good reason."
 - That is so good to know.
 And I intend to take advantage of that in the future.
 - Was it that the cleaners maybe,
 the cleaners were coming around after the office was shut
 and they would normally lock up,
 but they thought that someone in the office
 had left that note.
 That might be it.
 - Yeah.
 - I don't, yeah.
 - Well, they couldn't believe it worked, by the way.
 They got there and they're like, "Oh my God."
 And they almost toyed with the idea
 of leaving a thank you note on the door.
 And then they thought, "No, that's going too far."
 They might recognize the handwriting.
 - I like that idea of leaving notes,
 burglars leaving notes generally,
 which they do sometimes do.
 They sometimes leave apology notes.
 It seems to be quite a common thing.
 My friend's granny was actually robbed recently
 and they left an apology note saying,
 "Sorry for stealing your stuff."
 And there was one,
 there was a really nice story this year,
 in February in North Carolina,
 where someone who worked in a salon
 came to the salon the next day.
 And it was clear someone had broken in,
 but couldn't find that anything had been taken.
 And then she found a note that said,
 "As I left your salon with all the stuff I'd stolen,
 and then with the list of all the stuff
 this person has stolen,
 I had an epiphany of how hard you work for your business.
 And I returned everything I've taken.
 Here's everything I've returned.
 Please forgive me.
 I'm ashamed to discuss it myself."
 - And then brought it all back.
 - See, that I think is better than leaving a note
 which says, "Sorry for stealing your stuff,
 which I have gone ahead and done anyway."
 That's baloney.
 - It feels like the apology is a little bit empty
 in the first one, doesn't it?
 - Yeah, it does.
 It absolutely does.
 I would leave a note saying, "Sorry about the poo,"
 but they're not leaving the poo.
 (laughing)
 For the rest of their time there.
 - Yeah.
 - Poos happen a lot, right?
 Apparently, someone did a,
 they did a scientific paper on not leaving it
 as a dirty protest,
 but needing to have a poo while robbing a house.
 So there's a paper, which I haven't actually read.
 I just saw it.
 It was called, "The Scatological Rights of Bird Wars."
 And it showed that in a lot of cases
 where people were caught,
 they admitted to having a poo while doing the burglary.
 - Because you're quite stressed, it makes you want to go,
 but you can get caught by people
 finding the DNA of your inside your poo, don't they?
 - Yes.
 - So do flush it is what you're saying.
 - We'll take it home to be safe.
 - To be truly safe.
 - I was reading about the hamburgler in the news this year
 and that was a man who stole some ham.
 He was called Domingo Infante.
 He was 34 years old in Spain.
 And he went into a shop
 and there was massive legs of Iberico ham.
 You know, those massive like cured ham legs.
 And he stole, I think like four or five of them,
 but they're really heavy, those things.
 I don't know if you've ever picked one up,
 but they're super heavy.
 And so he had to drag them home to his house
 leaving the trail of fat all the way to his front door,
 which they just followed.
 And they knocked on the door
 and he was living with his parents
 and they said, "Have you got some hams here?"
 And eventually they had to admit that they did.
 - Oh my God, that is such an example
 of letting the best be the enemy of the good.
 Those hams last for ages, I bet,
 'cause they're quite densely packed, aren't they?
 If you had one of them, he probably would have been fine.
 - They're expensive though.
 I think he probably intended to sell them
 rather than eat them.
 I think 'cause each of those is like 100 quid
 or something, I reckon.
 So he was just getting seven of them
 and then he was going to sell them down the park.
 - That's a really good point.
 'Cause cheese, obviously,
 that's why people steal cheese from the supermarket so much.
 It's a relatively large amount of money
 in a relatively small box.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, if you're hungry,
 I don't think you'd steal a giant Iberico ham.
 There are so many easier foodstuffs to feed
 from dragging a pig down the street.
 - In our previous books of the year,
 we've often found that American police officers
 like to give their bandits nicknames.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Do you remember that?
 Every year, whenever there's something that happens,
 some crime in America,
 the cops always name them the something bandit.
 So I Googled a few of those.
 In Chicago this year,
 there was a guy called the mummy bandits.
 Do you know why they might have called him that?
 - Did he wrap himself in toilet paper?
 - Pretty much, yeah.
 He wrapped himself in gauze and scarves
 so that none of the CCTV cameras would know who he was.
 The powder puff bandit.
 Do you know what they might have done?
 - Is that something to do with the cartoon?
 The powder puff girls?
 - Powder puff girls, no, it's nothing to do with that.
 - I think they were the power puff girls.
 They weren't just makeup artists,
 the adventures of makeup artists.
 - Yeah, it's a play on words.
 They're powerful, but they're also like powder puffs.
 - What is a powder puff?
 - A powder puff is like, you know,
 if you're putting makeup on,
 but it's like you kind of puff onto your face.
 - Got it.
 - So it's like, they've got the powder in one half
 of that mirror in the other, right?
 Maybe you have a brush and use it.
 Okay, all right.
 Did they blow the very fine makeup powder
 towards the CCTV cameras to hide their entry?
 - Great idea, no.
 - Oh, did they, did they using makeup?
 Did they paint someone else's face on their face?
 - Great.
 - It's actually the exact opposite of that.
 - They painted their own face on someone else's face.
 - It's not the exact opposite of that,
 but it's something that's different.
 - What they did was, this was in Denver,
 there's a guy called Hernandez,
 and he had extremely obvious facial tattoos.
 And so he would use the foundation to cover those up
 so that they wouldn't recognize him.
 - Brilliant, very clever.
 - There was a guy called,
 this is quite easy to guess actually,
 but there was a guy in Albuquerque
 called the birthday suit sign bandit.
 - If you know, did you hear about him?
 - Birthday suit sign bandit.
 - So something to do with nudity, right?
 His birthday.
 - But then is he wearing a little sign over his penis
 saying get action here or something like that?
 - He's wearing Sean Connery's leathery glove.
 - Now this was very simply a man caught naked on camera
 stealing a Biden-Harris campaign sign
 from a garden in Albuquerque.
 - Oh.
 - Flabber.
 - Anyway, that's some of those.
 - Do you know how you'd burgle a house using a tortoise?
 - Wow, okay, so very slow getaway.
 - Yes.
 - Could you squeeze yourself under the shell
 sort of between tortoise and shell?
 - No, that's not, that's a good method.
 This is a gang of thieves in medieval Arabia
 called the Banu Sasang.
 And in fact, they lasted hundreds of years.
 It's kind of a very loose affiliation
 rather than a proper gang, like they want one entity.
 But supposedly they would bring a crowbar, a candle,
 some stale bread, some beans, an iron spike, a drill,
 a bag of sand and a tortoise to your gang.
 - I think that the drill and the iron stake and stuff
 are a lot more important than the tortoise in this play.
 - No, no, no way.
 Okay, they do use the spike or the crowbar
 to get in to access to the property, fine.
 But then they light the candle, which they've also brought,
 they stick it onto the tortoise
 and they send the tortoise through the hole.
 That way you can see what's in there.
 You can see if there's any stuff worth stealing, right?
 Then you use the bag of sand,
 you throw that at the windows and see if anyone gets up.
 And if there's no one up, then you go in, right?
 - Well, so if you're in the house and you wake up
 and you just hear a bit of banging outside
 and you kind of go into your front room
 and there's a tortoise with a candle on its back,
 I still think you're going to be a bit suspicious.
 - Straight back to bed for me.
 It's not a burglar, it's just the candle tortoise again.
 Also, with a note on his back saying,
 "Please ignore me, I'm just a tortoise with a candle on my back."
 - Nothing to see here.
 - Well, I know what you're thinking.
 What about the stale bread and the dried beans?
 - Sorry, that's what I was thinking, yeah.
 So that's if you get in.
 So the operation tortoise has worked,
 you've seen valuables, you're in the house,
 but then you can hear someone moving around in a nearby room.
 At that point, you noisily chew on the stale bread
 and the dried beans so that people think
 it's just a cat eating a mouse.
 - Oh, right.
 - Is that a Foley sound effect trick?
 Is that how you simulate cat eating a mouse?
 - It is, absolutely, yeah.
 - Stale bread and dried beans.
 - But we have got a cat, you might say.
 And then you're in trouble, I guess.
 - Have you guys heard of George Leslie from America?
 Okay, so this is around the late 1800s.
 And this is a guy who moved to New York City in 1869
 and he was a trained architect,
 but he decided to go into a life of crime.
 And it is said that the gang that he created off the back of it
 and the syndicate that he created off the back of it
 were responsible for nearly 80% of all bank robberies
 in the US at that time, this one guy.
 So what he used to do, which was really interesting,
 is he used to break into banks, not to rob them,
 but to walk around at night on his own and map them out.
 Then he would take his designs, 'cause he's an architect,
 he would go back to a warehouse that he owned
 and build the bank in there
 so that he and his fellow robbers could work out
 the best way of getting through certain things
 and certain doors and certain escape routes.
 So he would recreate the entire interior of the bank.
 - Are you saying that he wrote "Ocean's Eleven"
 about 100 years before "Ocean's Eleven"?
 - Oh, I never saw that movie, but yeah.
 - I think that's what they do.
 - That's incredible.
 - Yeah, it's extraordinary.
 - Well, it is incredible.
 Apart from the people who wrote "Ocean's Eleven"
 who probably just heard about this guy
 and then stole it for their plot though.
 - Yes, I was saying the original guy is more impressive.
 - Yeah, I actually wasn't saying "Ocean's Eleven"
 is an incredible film.
 I think it's decent.
 It's certainly better than "Ocean's Twelve".
 (laughing)
 - What was he called?
 - He was called George Leslie.
 And these were life-size, it's not like he did little models.
 - Well, of course you wouldn't use a tiny model.
 Imagine how freaked out your gang is gonna be
 if they get into the vault and it's huge.
 They haven't trained for this.
 (laughing)
 - There was a burglar in 2014
 who managed to delay 783 trains
 as a result of his burglary.
 Unbelievable.
 So he'd cut open a curry stall near Charlton
 and the police turned up and he panicked and fled.
 And then he got onto his motorbike,
 also stolen by the way.
 So not even an unscrupulously acquired motorbike.
 That didn't start.
 He ran off and then he climbed up a tree.
 But unfortunately the tree was kind of overhanging
 the railway tracks at Charlton station.
 And he decided to stay up there for 17 hours,
 despite the police being there.
 At that point the game is over
 and I think you have to come down from the tree.
 - So, did the police,
 were the police stood under the tree at this time
 saying you're gonna have to come down eventually?
 - Pretty much, yeah.
 - Don't you call the fire engine at that point?
 - Yeah, say we've got a cat burglar stuck up in the tree.
 (laughing)
 - They always find their own way down.
 Don't worry, you don't actually need it.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 - @AndyHunterM.
 - James.
 - @JamesHarken.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email podcast@QI.com.
 - Yeah, or you can go to our group account @NoSuchThing
 or our website, NoSuchThingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there,
 as well as links to fits and merchandise
 that we've released over the years.
 And that's it.
 That's all of our facts for this week.
 So we'll see you again next week.
 Join us again.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
