 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting
 here with James Harkin, Andrew Huntermari and Anna Chazinski, and once again we have gathered
 around the microphones of our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order,
 here we go. Starting with you Chazinski. My fact this week is that the dome of the Taj Mahal is
 held together with sugar, fruit juice and egg white. It's actually just a pudding recipe that they
 accidentally turned into muslim. This is also with bricks. There are conventional building materials
 in there as well, so it's actually a mixture of lime, which is probably delicious. Yeah, I'm
 sounding more and more like a kaipere in here. Yeah, sorry, it's the other kind of lime,
 you know, the one they build buildings with. Lime stone. Quick lime. Lime and it's mixed together
 with fruit juice and sugar and egg and it's called tuna. C-H-U-N-A, it's all very food stuffy,
 I know, with some shells, bits of shells and some gum and yeah, this was the plaster that's used
 on the inside of the dome of the Taj Mahal to hold it all together and it actually turns out that
 egg white especially was quite a common building material. But this is used in lots of places? Yeah,
 I think so. So I heard something in passing on the radio and I ended up looking into egg whites
 in buildings and there's quite a lot on it in like vaguely obscure books, so there's an essay
 by a Filipino food researcher who has an essay called "Eggs in Philippine Church Architecture"
 and it's cuisine, as if cuisine is just a leftover. I reckon that you're the only person who's
 ever read that book. It's gotta be right. It's about Filipino churches. What's her name? Give her a
 shout out. She's called "Peer Lim Castillo." It's not obscure however if you're a devout chef
 in the Philippines, it's like a massive seller in that community maybe. And also if you are
 Filipino and you know about traditional Filipino recipes, this is really interesting. A lot of them
 contain just egg yolks. So in a lot of traditional Filipino food it's just egg yolk and that's
 because they had so much leftover egg yolks. Millions and millions of egg whites were big used to
 build their churches. This is for centuries, absolutely true. So there's traditional food like
 Briosh, a thing called Yema which is egg yolk sweets and it's just because there's loads of egg yolk
 lying around. That sounds extremely untrue, doesn't it? That's amazing. Take it out with "Peer Lim Castillo."
 So here's a fact. The Taj Mahal was built by 22,000 workers and it took 17 years to complete.
 And 22,000 workers is the same number of workers as Facebook has and they've been going for 14 years.
 Wow. That is very good. They also had a thousand elephants working in construction. I don't know if
 they're sorry I'm talking about the Taj Mahal now, not Facebook. Yeah they did, didn't they?
 Dragging all the building materials and I think they had some elephants operating pulleys.
 Those are the especially trusted elephants that were working the pulley system.
 Because I don't fully understand pulleys. Pulleys are a really simple concept. God, if you don't
 understand pulleys, I do worry about what else you're missing. And there was a story wasn't there that
 they cut off all the sculptors' hands after they built it. And so they couldn't build anything else.
 Really? Yeah. Do they tell you that? The start of the gig? Probably not. Ironically, they do ask
 you to sign something at the beginning and then there's no room for us. But what if they made a mistake
 and of course they said, "Oh dear, we're going to have to get the second gallery redone." Can you
 get the guys who made the second gallery in? They turn up. Sorry. Yeah, I don't think they actually did
 do that. There's also a theory that they blinded them so they wouldn't be able to build anything
 as beautiful. But that kind of myth is for lots of different buildings like St. Basil's in Moscow,
 has the same myth. I have my place, I have my flat repainted recently. I did the same thing at the end
 of it. You know, I cut my bike's hands off and I blinded him and yeah. There was also a tale that
 they use brick scaffolding, that's not a tale, that's true, which was quite unusual. They usually would
 use like bamboo or something. But it was said that they did it to conceal what was happening as they
 built it. So it would be a big surprise when it came down. And then there was another thing. The
 brick scaffolding, Shah Jahan, who was the Emperor, who commissioned the whole thing and it was a
 Muslim for his favourite wife. He was told that the brick scaffolding would take five years to
 dismantle. And so he had the bright idea of telling the workers that if they dismantled it as
 fast as they could, they could keep whatever bricks they removed. And it came down overnight.
 Supposedly, he tried to tell me that it was like made of delicious chocolate.
 Is it true? Have you guys heard about the architecture being angled at such a case and built
 in such a way that should it topple over, it would fall perfectly away from the tomb itself?
 Well, supposedly the minarets, there are four minarets around the outside and supposedly they
 are angled to fall outward rather than inwards. But I would presume that they're just built not to
 fall over. I think we're building in a structural floor that meant that they only fall over in one
 direction. Yeah, I know. But at the same time, you've made half your building with eggs and flour
 and fruit juice. So you know how we were saying that it was built for his favourite wife?
 So it was what's his name again? Shah Jahan, it was his second wife, Mumtaz Mahal,
 that it was built for. But there is a Muslim for his first wife on the other side of the river,
 which I've seen a picture of it and it's currently covered in black mold and cats.
 Black mold and cats? Yeah, just cats everywhere. Oh, just they're there, not covered in cats.
 It's just full of cats. Was she a cat person? Well, that's what they say now.
 The locals say, well, the whole of the cats are here because she was such a lover of cats.
 She's also a black mold person. That's quite cool though, just I read about how they clean
 the Taj Mahal. So that one's covered in black mold. That one needs a cleaning. But the Taj Mahal,
 in order to clean it, they don't do a classic sort of water-based clean. They give it a mud bath,
 effectively. It's like a spa treatment, and that gives it the glistening white. Wow, and then
 I was asked to follow. You have put some cucumber on it. That's why there are no lights allowed
 on it at night. You're not allowed to have big spotlights lighting it up because it would look
 beautiful at night, but they don't do that because that would attract insects, which would then poo
 all over it. And these particular insects, poo green. And that's partly why it's been looking
 a bit grubby in recent years. Oh, yeah. It's just constantly battling against excretion from insects.
 What an error. Yeah, an error pollution is getting so bad now that they think the mud bath is not
 enough now. They're going to have a shower post mud bath. I was looking to some stuff about building
 materials. I thought this was really interesting. So first of all, hair is added to plaster to make it
 stronger. And actually, you will have seen this. So it genuinely adds proper extra strength. It's
 added to lime plaster. So any bit of lime plaster has got lots of hair running for it. You can order
 horse or goat or cow hair from just construction suppliers companies. And actually, if you imagine
 like a broken off bit of plaster, you know, because I don't see little threads coming out, that I always
 thought, I don't know, it's a dust that it all got together. That's just actual hair. Yeah,
 looking like broken off plaster. And then there's, you'll see the goat hair. Isn't that weird?
 That's very weird. Yeah. Also, sugar is used as a concrete retarder, which is a thing that stops
 concrete from solidifying too fast. So if you need to properly shape concrete, you pour it down. And
 maybe it's like a particularly hot day. So it will bake really fast. If you add lots of sugar to it,
 which a lot of builders do, then that slows down the setting process. That is why builders always want
 lots of sugar in their tea. They then whip it out so they can stick it in the concrete. Have you
 heard of the English equivalent of the Taj Mahal? It's a memorial to a wife by a grieving husband.
 And it's this thing called the Eleanor Crosses. Oh, yeah. So there's, yeah? Oh, yeah. There's one
 just down the road. Yes, exactly. So they were built by Edward I in 1290. Queen Eleanor died,
 and he wanted to commemorate her, and she died up in Nottinghamshire, and he commissioned a huge
 spire cross. Everywhere her funeral procession stopped on the way from Nottinghamshire to London,
 he commissioned one of these huge crosses. So there were 12 of them. There are only three remaining.
 And outside Charing Cross, there's a restored Victorian replica. And it looks very cool, like a
 little space needle. It's got three statues of a woman. And it was Eleanor of Castile, wasn't it?
 Yes. That's why. Yeah. And she had a triple burial. There's a rare. So her heart was buried at Black
 Friars Station. I think it was something else before it was Black Friars Station. Why?
 They've just renovated Black Friars Station, haven't they? Oh, yeah. I wonder if they found
 the heart when they were doing that. Maybe. Yeah. You probably missed that, wouldn't you,
 with your big truck. I don't think you'd spot a shriveled 1,000-year-old heart.
 But maybe it helps the concrete to set. It does. That's why it has to put a heart in every crack.
 And her organs went to Lincoln Cathedral and her body went to Westminster Robbie.
 So where would you go to grieve at her grave site? Where was closest, I guess.
 Guess that's not the true convenience of it. A good point. I think you would go to Black Friars
 because of the heart. And easy train connection.
 OK, it is time for fact number two. And that is my fact. My fact this week is that there is an ice
 golf championship held each year in Greenland, 600 kilometers north of the Arctic Circle. However,
 because of the constantly shifting ice shelf, no players hold any records on that course
 because it changes on a daily basis. It's not nuts. So there must be no guide as to how to play the
 course well. Is that right? There's a lot of guidance on how to play it well because it's you're
 playing on icy terrain. You're allowed things that you're not allowed in a normal game of golf.
 For example, you're allowed to clear the path. Like in curling. Yes, exactly. You can, yeah, you can
 sort of just make it nice and a bit softer. The par is much higher. I don't really play golf or
 understand the rules. So it's a par of 36 per hole. Wow. OK. So in normal golf, you wouldn't go
 above five. Right. Wow. You sure it's 36. Sorry. It's it's maximum handicap of 36. Ah, OK. It's
 different. That basically means that you get more shots taken off. Right. Basically. Oh, OK.
 All right. Otherwise the par of 36 will just be so tediously long. Golf's tedious enough anyway.
 Imagine if it was 36 shots per hole. I mean, is that what we're going to say that golf's tedious?
 I've got some stuff about that. So just a bit of explanation about this. This is played in a town called
 a set up by a man called Arnie Nyman. He's a hotel manager. And it's this tiny, tiny town. It's got
 it's got, you know, just over a thousand residents. There's more dogs there than there are people by
 factor of three to one at least because you get everywhere by dog sledding. That's the motor
 transport. So yeah. And so he set this up in 1997. It's an annual event, except for when it's
 too cold and the course has to be closed because it's just too icy and impossible and you'd get frostbite
 the moment you step out. Maybe if it got too hot, they'd have to cancel it as well. Yeah, that's true.
 Yeah. And the ball is red, isn't it? The ball is red so that they can see it. The the hole that
 you hit the ball into is twice the size. So there's lots of different rules that get played. But
 it's seen by golfers. I know you're a golfer and you probably didn't know about it necessarily
 beforehand. But a lot of golfers talk about it as the craziest course you could ever play. So
 they actively fly out to this remote place to yeah, to be a part of this odd game. And it has
 all the holes are a bit closer together because the cold air is more dense and so there's more drag.
 So I didn't realize this and the golf balls move a bit slower through cold air. That does happen.
 If you play golf, you know that when the cold weather's on, it just doesn't go as far.
 I play golf once in the Himalayas where the air is really thin and it just goes miles really.
 That's the best place to play golf. Is it not having to tussle its way through a load of air molecules?
 All the molecules. That's it. The molecules get in the way. Well, this is what's confusing because
 cold air is more dense because the molecules aren't moving as fast. So there's more drag. But you
 would have thought as you say, want to get an altitude and it's cold because there are just fewer
 air molecules. It must move faster because they get in the way. So it moves slower through some
 cold air, but then faster altitude sounds like. This is why golf is such an interesting game.
 Is this what the commentary's like? I'm a bother to turn it on.
 You know the, I was reading about the dimples inside the golf balls. That doesn't really have
 a proper science to it. It's just, what do you mean by that? What do you mean it works outside the
 laws of physics? No, I guess you would look at any sort of sporting equipment and you would assume
 that the design and the shape was for a specific purpose and tests. And it sounds like original
 golf balls didn't have any of these dimples, but golf players prefer to play with ones that had
 little indentations on them. But as far as I know, but you might know better, there's no exact
 reason why it's that many dimples. No, I don't know why it is. It's easier to pick up a golf ball
 with dimples than it is to pick up a golf ball without dimples. Yeah, they're like finger holes.
 If you're a little appucian. But then ping pong balls are easy to pick up. Yeah, I don't find that
 actually. I find ping pong balls almost impossible. You should play with sticky gloves. That's good idea.
 But then you'd never let it go for the serve. What would it be a problem? What I do is I put the ball
 on a bit of string. Actually, this is all the problem. I think you would get my grip on the balls
 to get spin on it. Yeah. And there might be a thing about bortices, but I just, you know, I don't know
 what that is. Okay, James, here's a question. Have you found that golf has been getting harder?
 Because you've been playing for some years. How many years would you say you've been playing?
 30. Wow. Okay, so supposedly development. You've been playing since you were 32. It's just a
 joke about your being old. Sorry. Yeah, I actually got the hurtful comment. Sorry. So supposedly
 developers have been building at longer and harder courses because professionals were getting
 really good in the 90s and 2000s. And I think there was a conflation between pros playing on courses
 and amateurs. The equipment's a lot better though. Right. Just to be. Yeah, so apparently they're
 allowed with quite hard courses now these days. And people who might not want a very hard game of
 golf are saying, oh, I can't be bothered with that. Is that right? I don't know. There's a theory.
 It's hard for me to remember back so long. Well, I started playing. It was just sticks of wood
 and golf ball stuff with duck feathers. And I remember on the first round, they said to
 Mary Queen of Scots. We should put dimples into these balls. Do you guys know about the most
 southerly golf club in the world? No, of course. So this is called Scott Based Country Club and it's
 13 degrees above the South Pole. And if so, there are a lot of scuba birds around. So if you have your
 ball stolen by a scuba, you get a one shot penalty, which seems harsh. They're always stealing the balls.
 It does seem hard. Yeah. But if you hit one, it counts as a birdie. So it's the one instance where
 if you hit a bird, you get a birdie. I think that sounds cruel though. Do you mean hit it while it's
 trying to steal your ball or you hit it as part of a hit and it's in the sky? No, it's part of a hit
 in the sky. I don't think you see it trying to steal your ball, then you attack it with your golf.
 What happens when you do that? Because you don't want the penalty? No, you get arrested, I don't know.
 Ah, okay. This is a confusing game. I mean, you could just try and hit the skewer bird into the golf
 ball hole, but it's probably too big. It's a ball hole. We really don't know the sport too,
 what's the name of it? It's called a hole. Interesting. It's good for the expert for once.
 I heard tell, James, of a thing about golf. I read that until January this year,
 you were allowed to ring up a tournament if you were watching at home and report a rule violation.
 I know that that happened last year. Yeah, and they've just brought it to an end. Have they?
 Yeah. Oh, I didn't know that. Lots of the tours have come together and said,
 guys, stop phoning in. We'll just have some officials watching you know. But this used to be a major
 thing. And also, if you committed a mistake and someone phoned it in, and you didn't know,
 you would then, at the end of the day or the end of the round, you fill in a scorecard, don't you?
 And there's a penalty for filling in a scorecard incorrectly. Yeah. So you get the penalty for
 making a mistake, which you didn't know you made. Yeah. And then you get a double penalty for
 filling in your scorecard role. Exactly. There's so much. It's just qualified from tournaments.
 I think Lexi Thompson had that done to her. Yes. Yeah. I read that too. That's not fair as the skewer bird
 thing. Yeah. Could you imagine if someone ragged in and goes, I'm pretty sure you hit that skewer bird.
 Do you, James, as a former accountant, do you prefer golf for the admin side of things or for
 the sport itself? Or does it combine the two loves? It's my two loves. Yeah. Sparta and admin. Wow.
 Filling in that form. Yeah. What's crunching numbers a lot of the time? Well, it's mostly just
 adding one every time you hit a ball. Apparently, apparently a lot of high-end professionals can't even
 manage to do that. Yeah. Ormanak, this place, just wanted to tiny little facts about this very,
 very small place. They have notable people. With for such a tiny little town, you would think that
 wouldn't be the case, but Miss Greenland was from from that place. Ormanak, she's married to an actor
 called Nicola Costa Waldo, who you would know better as Jamie Lannister from the Game of Thrones.
 Yeah. TV shows. So, yeah, Jamie Lannister's wife is from this very tiny town where ice golf has played.
 Yeah. That's my fact. That's a good fact. Yeah. Well, you know, it's a very tiny, tiny place. Lots of ice
 and game of thrones. Lots of ice, yes. Yeah. Winter is always there. It has come. Not much golf.
 Well, we haven't seen the last series yet. Very true. They're going to have to put a lot of golf to
 make up for the deficit the last year series. Wouldn't it be great if the last series is just golf by
 all the characters? It would be amazing. I might start watching. And then whoever wins a golf
 ton of it gets the throw. Yeah, it'd be brilliant. Perfect. Did I money's on Brianna of Taf? Oh, good
 for the Game of Thrones. But then Cersei Lannister gets penalised because she illegally moved the ball when
 no was looking. A scuba bird dies. That's a grand finale. Okay, it's time for fact number three,
 and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that in the 14th century, you could be executed in
 France for wearing stripes because they were the clothing of the devil. There was a cobbler in
 the town of Ruan, and he was also part of the local clergy, and apparently he got caught in
 stripe clothes and he got condemned to death. It's such an easy condemned to death to avoid,
 isn't it? I'd have to really, really like stripes. You are wearing stripes today. That's true,
 but that's only because I'm not in 14th century France. Yeah, I'd just wear something plain. So I read
 this in a review in the New York Times of a book called The Devil's Cloth, A History of Stripes and
 Striped Fabric by Michelle Pastaro, and it looks like an amazing book from the review, I gotta say.
 And they think that maybe it was from the Bible. In the Bible, it says, you will not wear upon yourself
 a garment that is made from two, and maybe in medieval France, they thought that meant you
 can't wear stripes, and so they would send you to death if you did. It's such an extreme reaction
 against something relatively, what we think is innocuous. Supposedly that even Zebra's,
 I also read the same review that Zebra's were included in Satan's Bestiary, as they were thought
 to be a satanic animal. So was all Zebra's were put to death? That's right. That's why we don't
 have any Zebra's anymore. That's correct, they used to be huge in France. No, they would make
 bestories, wouldn't they? And they put the animals in different places in the books, and the Zebra's
 would be in the evil part. Such a, it's so mean to animal to just call them evil for their reason.
 I guess we still do it a bit. But it seems like 14th century France was just you would be executed
 for a lot of things that would seem ridiculous. You would be executed if you were a naughty pig.
 For example, like pigs were taken to court, actual animal pigs, and tried in court,
 although we do execute pigs now. Yeah, even the nice ones. Yeah, but we don't take them to court.
 No. To charge them. We don't have lawyers. They deserve a trial.
 You're right. Actually, we've gone worse. That's true. Bacon's going to get a lot rarer if every
 pig has to go through a full judicial process. The appeals process is much like that.
 It's weird that stripes have often been negative associations though, because stripes
 obviously were the attire of prisoners for since the 19th century. That was seen as a badge of shame.
 In fact, it was so much so that by the mid-20th century, prisoners would stop wearing stripes,
 and that's where the jumpsuit came on the all-one colour jumpsuit, because it was kind of unfair,
 because it was so associated with this shameful thing. And weirdly, they are coming back in.
 I think maybe it's a sign of the direction that America is going in, but because it shows
 you're tough on crime, if you introduce stripes, because it's a proper badge of "I'm a prisoner."
 So it's like stripes of the new orange, which is a new black stripe of the orange, absolutely right?
 Supposedly, the stripes in prison's thing is not connected to this 14th-century France thing,
 as in the author of this book, Mr. Pasteurot, just has found no direct link, so there's no guarantee.
 But prostitutes used to wear stripes. And jugglers?
 Prostitutes and jugglers. Prostitutes. Too much dangerous groups in society.
 Clowns, hangmen, lepers. It's a mixed face, isn't it? Hangmen and clowns.
 Is this breadin or is this France? This is going to be Europe, you should think.
 So you've got prostitutes, jugglers, clowns, hangmen, lepers, cripples, heretics,
 Jews, Africans, bastards and the condemned. Wow. Did you book the clown for a random party?
 No, but I got a condemned man, a leper, and a bastard.
 Yeah, it's all people who have outside society, wasn't it? That was kind of...
 Jugglers, come on.
 Juggling is not a normal social profession.
 Imagine that. I tell you what, if you've got condemned to death for juggling,
 then that's an easier thing not to do than wearing stripes.
 It is very easy not to do.
 Oh, my God. If you accidentally dropped something, and then you caught it just as it was falling.
 Death. I like that in France, in the 14th century, they tried to band those long-toed shoes
 that you see almost as parodies. This is my favourite fact ever.
 Because they band specifically band shoes shaped like penises.
 Because they got bigger and bigger and bigger, and more pointy and pointy and pointy.
 And then someone thought, "I'm going to make mine look like a penis."
 And then they were like, "We're going to have to put a stop to this."
 I think it's so good.
 You don't get shoes shaped like penises now, do you?
 No. So they did. It worked.
 So the long-pointy shoe thing, they tried to band that in France.
 And in England, you could get them in the 14th century as long as two feet
 in length, that sort of long point.
 And they were very fashionable and cool, but they were never practical if you had to
 suddenly make a dash, you know, if someone was chasing you or whatever.
 So what they used to do is if they knew that they were in trouble,
 they would cut off the fronts of them, and then they would dash off.
 Nice, like a lizard.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So cool.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 You couldn't have a mullet either in the 13th century.
 You couldn't have an Irish hairstyle, which it turns out Irish hairstyles were having
 the top of your head shaved and then a long head down at the bottom.
 Wow. Like a mullet.
 Like a bullet.
 Like a bullet.
 A bold mullet.
 Like a bold mullet.
 Oh, yeah, I thought that a mullet, that was a name for the bold head.
 No, a mullet was more like shot on top and long at the back.
 Whereas a completely bold on top.
 Like the Bill Bailey style.
 Why weren't you allowed an Irish hairstyle?
 It was a classic kind of racism, you know, they thought the Irish were a bit barbaric,
 and then they had this weird hairstyle.
 So don't do the hairstyle otherwise you're a barbarian.
 They had something this week where there's a school that's banned them,
 meet me at McDonald's haircut, which is the opposite of that.
 A mullet is like kind of curly and long on top and then shaved on the sides.
 That all the kids have.
 Why is it called meet me at McDonald's?
 I don't think anyone knows.
 I think actually people under the age of 20 know.
 And then people of our age are just like, why do they call it that?
 And they're refusing to tell us.
 In the Elizabethan era, only royalty could wear leopard.
 Leopard skin.
 Completely limited to royalty.
 Yeah, I mean, there weren't many, there weren't thousands of leopards around,
 which, you know, depends on the availability of leopards.
 That's really good.
 Yeah, and Yomans wives, there was, there were, due to these summary laws,
 Yomans wives were only allowed to wear lamb, rabbit, fox, or cat for nothing else.
 The leopard is a type of cat.
 Oh yeah.
 I'm just saying, if I was a Yoman and my wife wanted to wear leopard,
 I'd let her wear leopard and then just argue.
 Well, she'd be arrested and put in prison and she'd blame you.
 Because she said, are you sure I'm okay to wear this outside?
 And you said, yeah, it's officially a cat.
 Yeah.
 They'll find that out in 500 years.
 Maybe.
 How terrible husband.
 (laughs)
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is Andy.
 My fact is that Victorian Britain had such a fern mania for so many years
 that some species were almost completely wiped out.
 Yeah.
 There was this massive fern craze and it lasted 50 years.
 Victorian Britain, all the other stuff they did,
 they were basically just killing time in between collecting more ferns.
 So people would go on these huge collecting parties into the countryside
 and they collect ferns for their homes and there were so many collectors going out
 that there's one species called the Kilani fern
 which was almost wiped out in the UK and it's barely clung on to survival.
 So it was a huge problem.
 Well, it was a problem but on the other hand,
 they were doing lots of crossbreeding.
 So they invented a whole load of new species.
 So actually by the end there were more species than where you started.
 That's cool.
 Yeah.
 So for example,
 custard creams, the biscuits.
 Yeah.
 They have ferns on them.
 You know that curly design on a custard cream.
 Yeah.
 That's a fern.
 Yeah, it's so good.
 From fern mania days.
 From fern mania days.
 Is that...
 This isn't actually that useful for a podcast
 but I think we've got a fern in this very room haven't we?
 Is that a fern?
 Is that a fern?
 I don't think it is a fern.
 I don't think it is a fern.
 It looks like just a pot plant for me.
 Because ferns have got these kind of fractal biscuits coming off.
 No, they're more intricate, aren't they?
 Sorry, Andy's giving me a look like literally.
 I just saw a dog and said, look at that lovely horse.
 Okay.
 They're coming from a guy who doesn't know how polys work.
 It's literally named after the thing you do.
 You just pull it.
 Andy turns up in the poly and just pushes it.
 What's going on?
 And with fern mania,
 they marketed it as something that only appealed to intelligent people.
 They said that's really good bit of marketing, isn't it?
 So clever.
 Yeah.
 And the other nice thing about it was railways were spreading across the country
 so you could go on more expeditions than you could before.
 Literally travel was easier
 and you got to maybe talk to the opposite sex without a chaperone.
 So that was a big draw.
 Well, that seemed to be the big thing
 from the bits of reading that I did about it.
 The big thing was ferns.
 No, no.
 Ferns was tinder.
 Ferns allowed you, as Andy says, to talk to the opposite of sex
 and go on adventure.
 You always say this.
 I like to have sex.
 Opposite sex.
 Yes.
 Opposite sex is marriage.
 Yes.
 Just on the flirting thing,
 I think it was also kind of liberating for women.
 So it was quite an important phenomenon for women's liberation
 because it was something that was deemed acceptable for them to do on their own.
 So it wasn't really acceptable for women to go out without a chaperone
 for many reasons at all.
 Right.
 Fernmania was particularly attractive to the ladies
 because whatever they like collecting plants
 and so they could all go out on their own and collect them.
 So it gave them all this independence and this adventure
 and really caused suffrage.
 Wow.
 Made a big leap.
 Big leap.
 Gonna stick to it.
 Yeah, it sounds like it sort of just took over, well, let's say,
 London even.
 Just every theatre suddenly became
 packed with it.
 The orchestra pits, they just used to just turn it into
 basically a botanical garden.
 It was just the orchestra would just cover it in ferns as they were playing.
 But people loved it because they were there for the ferns more than the music even.
 Yeah, I think that was the Prince of Wales theatre
 was where they did that turn it into a fernery.
 And it was, we should say, it was all because of this thing called the Wardian case,
 which is, which Andy looks really excited about already.
 But this was invented in 1829 by Dr. Nathaniel Bagshaw Ward
 and it was basically, he accidentally discovered that in a glass
 airtight jar ferns could survive and it meant that ferns, which wouldn't have been
 able to cope with the British climate until then, when they've been imported from China
 or Australia or whatever, could suddenly survive in these jars.
 And these Wardian cases became really fashionable.
 So if you were anyone in high society, you had to have this big,
 beautiful, Wardian case full of ferns sitting on your dining room table.
 Can you still get them, do you think?
 Ooh, maybe antique ones.
 I don't know if you could buy new ones.
 Or maybe you can because I'm looking at kind of decorating my spare room
 with curiosities and stuff.
 So I thought, like a Wardian case would be really good.
 Ferns with ferns, yeah.
 Because they're really lovely looking.
 I think that's a great idea.
 They do look gorgeous.
 I think Nathaniel Bagshaw Ward might be the man who won the Second World War.
 Oh god, here we go.
 This is a nice spot.
 So ferns got a suffrage man winning the Second World War.
 Pretty much.
 Okay, so basically...
 Could he also invent Facebook?
 Yes, he did.
 So his whole innovation, he's covered it kind of a little bit by mistake.
 But when he realized that these hermetically sealed things
 you could keep a fern alive in them,
 he built two custom made cases,
 He had a carpenter and he sent them to Sydney full of ferns.
 Okay, so they were on the boat for six months.
 They got there.
 They were alive.
 They were all fine.
 So that was incredible.
 So then he filled his case up with Australian ferns,
 which previously they'd never been able to get to the UK.
 And they returned.
 So they arrived about 18 months later.
 Very, very long journey.
 And it completely changed the entire world history of botany, basically.
 So it meant that tea plants could be transplanted to India from China.
 So that created the British Empire in a no small way.
 Wow.
 It contributed to the British Empire's rise.
 Smash the Chinese tea monopoly.
 And it meant that rubber trees could be brought from Brazil to Q Gardens in the UK
 and then to Malaya and Sri Lanka.
 And that created the British colonial rubber industry
 which was very significant in the Second World War.
 But then I think it also sounds like you're saying he invented colonialism.
 It massively changed the imperial project.
 That's true.
 That's the diplomat's response to that.
 Well, it's just like huge unintended consequences.
 I guess of this, of this hermetically sealed case
 which just meant suddenly you could move plants around the world like ever before.
 Also, Russia and America played a big part in winning the Second World War
 and I should make that clear.
 Wasn't just, it wasn't just this one guy.
 No, but, you know, yeah.
 That's pretty, no, that's pretty cool.
 It's often very amazing and mind blowing to hear how a tiny
 invention somehow impacts a world in a way that you previously thought it was just flirting.
 I don't know, okay, that's all it was.
 All of your notes on Tinder, Dan.
 Yeah, it's amazing that Tinder helps us win World War 3.
 Do you know how ferns have sex?
 So they're really spores, which is known.
 But then they sprout into a specific sexual generation which looks nothing like a fern.
 So it's a specific organism called a prothalus
 and that grows independently for several weeks and then that grows its own sex organs
 and they produce the eggs on the sperm and then that sporo fight it produces grows into a new fern.
 But it's like if we had sex and then gave birth to something that wasn't a person
 and then that person then produced a person.
 Yeah, that is weird.
 The double stage. You don't want to be, I don't think, in the crap generation that's only got half
 the right number of chromosomes and that just its job is to make this sperm and the egg
 which then create the real one.
 It's like if we get birth to penis this.
 No, it's like if we gave birth to testis and ovaries.
 Yeah, it is, yeah.
 And then the human grows off of it.
 Well, then the testis and the ovaries would hang out together
 and then they'd bump into some more testis and ovaries and then they'd create humans again.
 Wow, that is weird.
 Every analogy breaks down eventually.
 That one was pre-broken down, I think.
 But that helped me understand that more.
 But what I find amazing is in this, the crappy stage where they're the thing that creates
 the sperm and the egg, the sperm swim.
 So this is why ferns only survive in damp environments
 because they need to swim through water to find themselves an egg.
 So you've got little ferns sperm, something around everywhere looking for eggs.
 That's very cool.
 Yeah, but they didn't know how it worked for ages, did they?
 And they thought it must be seeds, but they couldn't find these seeds.
 So they thought the seeds were invisible.
 And what they thought was, if you could find a fern seed and carry it on you,
 it would make you invisible.
 Because they thought we had shit in the old days, didn't they?
 But that was, it was the idea that if you, you know,
 if you eat a walnuts, it looks like a brain, then it will help your brain.
 And in the same way, if you managed to find an invisible fern seed,
 it would make you invisible.
 And how do you find an invisible?
 Well, they don't exist, the seeds.
 No, I know, but like, if you were peddling that as an idea.
 Do you think people ever thought they'd found one?
 That's what I mean.
 Would you sell, would there be a guy in the, you know, the alleys going?
 I've got, yeah, some side-matchy beans, isn't it?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Just a bag of invisible fern seeds.
 And then, I think it would be really fun, if it, in like a medieval Truman show way,
 to have an entire village persuade someone that they were invisible.
 So if you let someone sink, you've got some fern seeds,
 and then he buys them, and then everyone just pretends they can't see him for the rest of his life.
 Yeah.
 In 2015, there was a fern found in the French mountains,
 which was the offspring of two groups of ferns,
 which haven't interbred in 60 million years.
 They split into separate lines of descent that long ago,
 and one of the authors of the paper on this is called Kathleen Pryor.
 She said, "Reproducing after such long evolutionary breakup
 is akin to an elephant hybridising with a manatee or a human with a lemur."
 Wow.
 But she did, she did also say,
 although to most people, they just look like two ferns.
 And that is incredible.
 And it also implies that we're all going to start
 interbreeding with other species until we go back to being a single-celled organiser.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 That's such an interesting idea, is it?
 So it really feels like that's the obvious conclusion to her all.
 Isn't the problem that a lot of the people who we'd have to
 interbreed with have died out?
 So really, we'd have to breed with some of the underthales first,
 and then the homo erectus, and then the monkeys, and then the lemurs,
 and then some of the old fish eventually.
 And then some of them aren't there anymore.
 So soup.
 This shit, the theory is falling apart.
 Yeah, does this work?
 It's such a cool theory.
 It's like the big crunch comparison to the big bang.
 Yes.
 Imagine that's how it all goes back.
 What, sorry, what's the benefit?
 It's the benefit, Andy.
 It's just kind of happened.
 Just life.
 It's just the way...
 Oh, you just think this is how evolution's going to do?
 Ah, it's just a great sci-fi idea.
 It's just inevitable.
 Started with the ferns.
 And it ends with you having sex with the sealer kind of.
 I'm not sure.
 They'll be saying, as we de-evolve.
 I can't believe they didn't spot this with those ferns.
 All the players were there.
 They should have known.
 Fernmania.
 There was also tulip mania, wasn't there?
 Mm-hmm.
 I didn't know there was also rosmania.
 Hyacinthmania.
 Dalia mania.
 And cactus mania.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And carnation mania.
 When were these around the same time?
 No, cactus mania in the USA in the 1830s.
 Rosmania in ancient Rome.
 Hyacinth mania in Holland in the 1730s.
 Dalia mania in England in the 1820s.
 It just seemed to be a thing where every now and then,
 everyone would just love a plant and just go crazy for that plant.
 And then stop.
 And we haven't had a mania for ages for plants.
 Well, no, but we have manias, don't we?
 I think maybe they just had less stuff back then.
 They didn't have Bitcoin, did they?
 Exactly.
 They didn't have tamagotches.
 They didn't have Pokemon Go.
 But they did have an abundance of rare plants.
 Have you heard of orchid delirium?
 Yes, so that still exists.
 As good?
 Well, as in everyone's still into orchids.
 I would say that's the longest-lasting mania.
 You could still, if you find the rare orchid,
 the police will look after it to make sure no one steals it and stuff.
 Really?
 Yeah, wow.
 That happened on the golf course that I used to play on.
 Oh, yeah.
 As in, the orchid was found in nature in the golf course?
 Yes, so the orchid was just by the side of the golf course.
 Yeah.
 And then they had a policeman there kind of looking after it.
 Wow.
 That's so weird.
 Why?
 Because otherwise, if you damage it, then you've destroyed an entire species.
 Because it was extremely rare.
 Oh, but couldn't you can dig it up and just cultivate it somewhere else?
 Well, they were quite difficult to.
 Yeah, exactly that.
 They died, basically.
 If you try and do anything with an orchid, it just goes no, man.
 Okay.
 It's just going to die.
 It's almost drawing attention to it to have a policeman standing next to it, though.
 Yeah, you know what?
 I did play golf a lot on that golf course.
 I was a member and I never saw the policeman.
 Oh, he was very good.
 Yeah, it's some of those fern seeds.
 On a really rare plant, and how mad we go over them in 2010,
 a group of botanists were doing this routine plant survey on Ascension Island.
 You know, it's the tiny island in the South Atlantic.
 And they saw what looked like a tiny mini parsley sprig on a sheer cliff face,
 like sticking out of a rock.
 And apparently, they, both of them, two of them saw it.
 They instantly recognized it as a fern that had been described first in 1876.
 Only seen two more times in history at the last time in 1958.
 So instantly, both of them were like, oh my god, check that out.
 So it'd been just declared extinct in 2003.
 So obviously, they ab sailed down to it to check it out.
 And then they thought we've got to preserve this fern.
 This is really precious.
 So they ab sailed down every day or a couple of times a week to water it,
 and to weed it, and to care for it,
 and to let produce spores, because it was so valuable.
 Yeah.
 And then when it finally produced spores,
 that was obviously an incredibly exciting day, because they could collect them.
 So two of them went down, and they have only 24 hours before the spores
 weren't used for anymore.
 Yeah.
 And they had 24 hours to get them to queue gardens.
 And so...
 From Ascension Island.
 From Ascension Island.
 Yeah.
 I'm not sure I could get to queue gardens from here.
 I'm talking about three hours.
 Well, they had some extra help put on.
 So they rushed them to this airfield where they were flown immediately
 to RAF Brysnorton in Oxfordshire.
 And a car was specifically waiting for them there
 to drive them straight to New Gardens.
 And then they got on the district line.
 Saturday else caught for four hours.
 Wow, at least it there, no?
 Still there, and it's produced a few offspring.
 And yeah, hang on.
 That's so cool.
 That's the census I've been.
 I've seen films in the last week that were as long as good as that.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @StreeverLad.
 James?
 @JamesHarkin.
 Andy?
 @UndreyHunterM.
 Anna?
 You can email podcast.QI.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to our group account at no such thing.
 Or our Facebook page.
 No such thing as a fish.
 You can also go to no such thing as a fish.com, our website.
 And it has links to everything.
 Our upcoming tour.
 Our book.
 It has all the previous episodes.
 It's got everything we've ever done.
 Okay, we'll see you guys again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC]
