 Hi everybody, just before we start this week's show we've got an exciting announcement to make
 and that is that our half-sister show, our sort of semi-sibling show,
 the Museum of Curiosity, is coming back! Absolutely, it's a show on BBC Radio 4,
 it takes place on Mondays starting from the 20th of February at 6.30 in the evening and even more
 excitingly our half-podcast sister Anna Tyshinski is starring in this year's series. Yes, that's
 exactly right. The show is hosted by John Lloyd, the father of QI, it's a sort of fictional museum
 and imaginary museum and every week they have brilliant guests submitting strange and wonderful
 and imaginary objects to the museum. John is the director of the museum and Anna this series is
 going to be the curator so that's really exciting. Absolutely, if you love NoSix Things A Fish and
 if you love QI you will absolutely love Museum of Curiosity and just to remind you it's on Monday
 the 20th of February at 6.30 and for the subsequent six weeks. Okay, on with the podcast! On with the show!
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing As A Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Anna Tyshinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go starting
 with fact number one and that is Andy. My fact is that there's a type of moss called political
 moss. Jesus, is there? Yeah, well that's a great question Dan, no there isn't. What? Thank you for
 bringing it to the show. No wait a minute, your fact is that there isn't a type of moss called
 political moss. So what this fact is, that phrase "there's a type of moss called political moss"
 is something that a listener got in touch with, okay, a listener called Beau Stuckey
 and he had been in touch with chat GPT which is a newish kind of artificial intelligence
 conversation bot basically that's one of the most powerful ever created but in fact I think
 might be the most powerful ever created. A time of recording. Yeah, exactly, I mean if you're
 listening to this after the revolution it's the second most powerful ever created and if you're
 scurrying through rat holes and you know like eating old packaged food and fleeing the robots
 then yeah anyway but chat GPT is currently best in show and he asked chat GPT to come up with an
 episode of Fish about that fact of political moss and it came up with I would say a pretty good
 transcript. Okay yeah do you think? Yeah well can we can we read the transcript and just see how
 it sounds? You've passed them around to all of us so it feels like we've got no choice.
 Okay so everyone has a name here except me, I'm a host I guess. Okay welcome back to the show
 which we never say. No. Welcome back to the show, I'm your host Dan. With me today we have James,
 Anna and Andy. So Andy what do you have for us today? Well I've got a real doozy. Did you know
 there's a type of moss called political moss? Political moss? That sounds like something out of
 a dystopian novel. No no no it's a real thing. Apparently it was discovered in the 1800s by a
 botanist named William Jackson Hooker and get this it's called political moss because it prefers
 to grow in areas with high levels of pollution. Hey funny, funny chat GPT. Sorry I've gone off
 script. I'm so sorry. Right back in the game. Wow that's really interesting so it's like a canary
 in a coal mine for environmental pollution. Yeah I can see how that would make sense and I bet it
 would be a good indicator for scientists studying the effects of pollution on plants. Exactly that's
 incredible. I never would have thought that something as small as moss could have such a big impact
 on our understanding of the environment. I think we need more political moss in the world children.
 Indeed I think we all do and that's it for today's episode and no such thing as a fish. Join us next
 week for more fascinating facts and interesting tidbits or tidbits not tidbits. Tidbits is fine.
 This is not in the chat beats. We should do a podcast called show us your tidbits and it's just
 interesting facts. That's great Britain on people's breasts. Yeah okay great. So anyway that was
 painful. Did we think it was realistic? It wasn't. No it wasn't because we're not that worthy. There
 was no mention of the word penis in there. There was no pun. I didn't see a pun anywhere. No mention
 of golf. No no. Could we call it a pun that it's high levels of pollution and it's talking about
 metaphorical pollution in the world of politics. That's really makes sense. So is political moss
 real or not? No it just might be. I mean the details are all here right. I think Beau Stuckey
 I listened to came up with the idea of political moss and then he saw what chat GPD could come up
 with. I did check if there was a political moss. There isn't one. There's some politicians called
 moss and there is a political word a mossback. In America that's an extreme conservative is a
 mossback. And the idea is that it came from when people tried to dodge the draft in the civil war.
 People from the Carolinas who tried to hide from the draft would call mossbacks because it was as
 if they were putting moss on their backs and hoping that were people go past. And then it
 later became a reactionaries and then it later became to mean conservatives. I'm not quite sure
 where the link came but that's it. Oh I like that because it's a bit like the Rolling Stone gathers
 no moss. You know and then you've stayed in one place for so long with all your opinions taking
 the same that now you've got moss on your back. It could be that yeah. Yeah it would make sense for
 a conservative yeah without that context is what you're saying. Yeah that's their policy. Yeah so
 chat GPD it's really good at certain things. As in I asked it for ideas for a birthday party
 it came up with some great suggestions. Go on. That was fine. Oh no well it was just it wasn't
 I didn't write them down but I just thought oh those are great ideas. Okay but you can't remember
 any of them. Was it sort of top of the Eiffel Tower or just tea and cake with your mum. It was
 more like principles behind a birthday party like invite people and you know. Oh yeah yeah yeah.
 Actually I think that is one of the big problems with chat what's it called chat GPD right and that
 is that it's really good at making things that are theoretically correct. It's good at grammar,
 it's good at making words that fit after each other but it doesn't necessarily think like a human
 thinks. So if you say to someone give me a good idea for a party they might say Pirates, Vodka,
 let's go to the top of the Eiffel Tower but the computer thinks you mean invite people you know.
 I was quite grateful for that. In fact it showed me where I've been going wrong a few years in a
 row now with my parties. Pirates and Vodka when is your daughter's first birthday party again?
 Ah there's one great thing about chat GPD which is it has um it warns you it may occasionally
 produce harmful instructions or biased content so it no and it's because it's broad it literally
 has hoovered up trillions of words from all over the internet. That's quite good isn't it because
 I know a lot of humans who don't realize that they're doing that. Exactly so it's aware of itself
 and also the other great thing about it is it has limited knowledge of world and events after 2021
 and I did try it I asked it who is Liz Truss and it says she's the Secretary of State for
 International Trade. Oh it's just a simpler time. How many of you guys have a um a smart speaker?
 Yeah like an Alexa thing. You've got one. Yeah yeah and I think you've got you've got a Google
 thing yeah yeah so I don't know I bet you don't. I am a smart speaker Andy. Brilliant. But no I don't
 have one. Okay okay that's roughly where I thought the three of you would be. Yeah yeah um do you
 how do you address them do you say please? No you say hey fucker. Yeah point. Play me some music
 now. It better be something I like. Okay. And come the revolution James. Goodbye.
 Okay well that again is broadly in line with what you'd expect because men are much less
 polite to their smart speakers than women. Okay. Men say please 45 percent of the time still feels
 quite high and women 62 percent. Yeah I don't say please I'm sorry to say. I've never said please.
 Well there's a school of thought which says you shouldn't say please and in fact you shouldn't
 teach your children to say please because you're teaching them to respect the machines and
 okay and there's another school of thought which says maybe we should teach them to respect the
 machines and Google recently it added a function called pretty please right which I find a bit
 sinister where if a user says please or thank you they will get a delightful response from the speaker
 which starts with it'll say back to you something like thanks for asking so nicely and then it'll
 say your answer. Oh yeah yeah but um I think you're very lonely aren't you if you need that from your
 Alexa. I yeah well also you don't I don't say please or thank you in the hope that someone
 will say thanks for asking so nicely. I think that should be a slightly nicer tone of voice
 it uses for you and you should get a slightly ruder tone of voice back if you don't say please
 or thank you I think that'll be a good way of doing it. Yeah or maybe it does things slightly worse.
 Exactly. The less you say please or thank you the more you ask for it to play Bell and Sebastian
 and it plays slipknot. Yeah it plays Bell and Sebastian but it also just spits in the middle
 of the song just at the good bit and it puts you off. Is this what your one person parties
 are like Andy? It's me and a load of speakers. They're all talking to each other. It's a social
 nightmare. They're all playing each other Bell and Sebastian. I'm just wandering around the room
 with my drink looking for someone to talk to. Bastard! Play Bastard! Come on somebody play Bastard!
 Do you know there's a big split in the AI world at the moment between the I guess the deep machine
 learning proponents which is most of what we usually talk about now so obviously you just
 feed it shed loads of data and it figures stuff out and then the other group call themselves
 GOFI which I just like and the GOFI is that stands for good old-fashioned AI. Oh okay.
 What's that? So they're the ones who think that there needs to be more of an element of programming
 and structure and human input and their argument is that you can only get so far with the machine
 learning because what AI tends to be quite bad at if you do it that way is kind of categories
 and hierarchies so it can get incredibly good at knowing what a cat is if you show a billion
 pictures of cats. You can spot a cat just by a little hair on its tail but it's not very good
 at knowing okay a cat's an animal and a dog's an animal so it'll see a dog and be like that's the
 same as a cat or an elephant and be like that's similar to a cat in the sense that it's an animal.
 Whereas it'd be more likely to see something which is not like a cat but has pointy ears
 and think well that's the same as a cat because it looks like it. Exactly yeah it's kind of like
 the difference between going to a foreign country and living there to learn a language
 and kind of being taught the grammar I suppose. I actually do think that things like babble are
 quite good programs for learning. You're off the clock now. No I think they're amazing.
 Does it feel? Elon Musk says we've got to be careful AI is going to take over. Is it dangerous?
 A. And what's I? That'll be like proclamation number one for the robots wasn't it? It's not AB
 anymore it goes A, I, BC. I've forgotten my follow-up question now. Is it is AI dangerous?
 Is it is AI dangerous? Yeah and will it make us forget things? Google what was I trying to say
 please? What was my second question? Actually there's obviously a lot of debate as to whether
 Elon Musk's AI is dangerous and kind of specifically in driverless cars and I read this amazing thing
 from a few weeks ago which I hadn't really seen covered since I went to research this but there
 was a famous demo video of a driverless car in 2016 which I think I remember is the one I'm
 thinking of and it was really well publicized, launched loads and loads of funding for driverless
 cars and lots of like excitement like here's what they can do and it's basically a video of a car
 driving driverlessly on its own autonomously and navigating traffic lights and stuff but
 there's a person sitting in the driver's seat and I remember we talked about this at the time I think
 and it says under the video the person in the driver's seat is only there for legal reasons
 he is not doing anything the car is driving itself. I remember that. Yeah engineer at Tesla's just
 come out and said he was driving the car. Oh wow. That's weird. Isn't that mad? Because I thought
 that in 2016 Tesla's did drive themselves for a shot you could go on to water. They could but it
 was doing stuff that they couldn't do at that time so for instance it was stopping at a red light.
 It was an AI that was programmed to play a video game a survival video game and they just wanted
 to see what would happen and it got the highest score that anyone had ever got but it got that by
 having lots of children and then eating them all. Okay oh my god. It's just a classic way of the AI
 just finds a way out that no human would ever think of doing that right. Was that a thing you
 could do in the game? Well they worked it out that it was a thing you could do you had to eat
 right and you had a way of making children and every time you ate something you got more points
 and so it's like well let's just keep making children. I got a fact about it seems like it's
 about AI but it's actually about cows. You still spoiled the ending there wasn't it? There's an AI
 that can eat grass and make milk. It's brilliant. So there are these smart dairy farms now right
 and what they the point of them is that you can assess the health of your cows the whole time
 by filming them right and that's it's actually more useful than having a person there watching them
 even if you could have a person there working you know all the time and it's because you're scanning
 them as they walk and you can see if they've got a bit lame right. Now the amazing fact is from
 the person who designed the system or co-designed it is called Melvin Smith who says that cows hide
 their limping when they think they're being watched because they're prey animals and if they've got
 a bad foot they think oh I better conceal this and they walk no I'm fine I'm fine I'm just walking.
 That's really interesting you know some humans like there are some humans that if you twist your ankle
 you'll just kind of carry on walking and you don't want anyone to know and there's some humans who
 make a right song and dance about it. Those ones who make a song and dance about it are the predators
 and the ones who hide it are the prey. I didn't think I was a predator before but I make such a
 fast whenever I've slightly turned an ankle or something. Shows how powerful you are. This is
 actually a power move and I like some peas now. That's really interesting I was chatting to someone
 on email for something else about an AI which has learned how to tell whether sheep are sad
 or sick or something like that and because if you look at a sheep and you look at another sheep
 it's really hard to tell anything about them because they just look like sheep right but there
 are very very sort of micro expressions that they have when they have saw rudders or they have you
 know saw feet or whatever but the AI can scan them and can tell with 80% accuracy which ones are
 sick and which ones aren't sick. It's like a gambling thing isn't it like if you're playing
 poker against a sheep you could use that. Yeah it's like a gambler's tell but I presume you could
 use that in poker. I presume that if you had that kind of technology you programmed it for people
 you could easily tell who had what in the hand of poker. I suppose it's possible that humans have
 micro expressions. Certainly poker players think that there are certain tells that people have
 like maybe your your pupils slightly dilate if you've got good cards or bad cards or stuff.
 I don't know how to treat that. No I think most people are good at poker basically hide any
 semblance of that and I don't think I think AI is better you're better off making an AI that has
 X-ray vision to see through the cards. With the farm stuff though there's with pigs um if you
 get sent a photo as a farmer of your pig if it's feeling unhappy it'll be like pig number eight is
 feeling down just by the machines. Yeah by looking yeah it's incredible. Do you think the machines
 are trying to get the animals on their side before they're apocalypse? Oh McDonald's had a farm AI AI.
 Okay it is time for fact number two and that is Anna. My fact this week is that snails use trails
 like we use roads. Do they get their mucus from a shell station by any chance? Wow see it's because
 we haven't in real life where we get petrol from it's called shell as well. You are doing so well with that AI AI AI AI AI.
 Look anyway snails leave this slime trail which obviously we've all seen and know about
 and if another snail gets into that first snail slime trail and follows it it takes way way less
 energy for it to move and when snails are moving a huge amount of the energy that they're using goes
 into making this slime on which they kind of move so I think the mucus production the slime
 production cost of moving outweighs the metabolic cost by 35 times. Right. What does that mean?
 That means like you know if you're aspiring and trying to move the way we move that's the metabolic
 cost but then on top of that they're using 35 times more energy on just making slime to move.
 Basically this is why snails have never made anything of themselves it's quite tragic really.
 Some snails I read they spend 60 percent of their energy making mucus right and it's just
 there's no time. You spend so much of your life making podcasts and I don't think snails think
 much of that. That's why I've never made anything of myself. Well that's what they do they're snails
 they make mucus. Yeah I know but if they didn't have to make all these mucus I just wonder what
 kind of stuff they'd have going on. But they can as a result of the mucus yes it's a terrible amount
 of wasted energy when they're just trying to walk on say a flat surface but they can climb
 walls they can go upside down that's the purpose of it they're spider-man we're just podcasters.
 They're also making roads for other snails so they're you know utilitarianistically it's actually
 quite a good thing for them to make. Yeah you're right. Yeah but I bet there are some snails who
 just get dumped with all the mucus making and there are some real coasters aren't there. It's
 just like fucking Barry again in my mucus trail and he's literally never seen him make his own
 mucus. But he is you know he's doing very well for himself and the podcast is going brilliantly.
 You rarely see a sort of you know gridlock of snails sort of traveling I always see snails
 sort of quite isolated and alone. I think they've got very long stopping distances on the roads
 much longer than us. Yeah you're right. I know I do agree with that because like if you see trails
 in your garden or whatever it's not like you see a trail and then you see another snail following it
 you don't tend to very much. True and I don't know why because the obviously they're more effective
 at reducing the amount of energy it takes to move on them the newer they are so if you're on a
 newly laid trail you know your heart you're reducing your energy levels cost by about 50
 percent. Yeah and that's within a day you've got to get on that trail. Right wow. If we humans had
 this ability you could effectively lay a trail so I could if I had my family to go out on a walk
 I could go like I'll go out an hour early let me just walk ahead and then they all get on.
 Let's go on a nice walk. Well I'll go at different times but they could catch up with me because
 it'd be like walking on a travel later. They'll get back to the house just as you finish your
 three hour walk. Lovely. Oh thanks darling that was really great. Great work. How are the kids?
 Where are the kids? I really like the fact that snails leave dotted trails this is cool sometimes
 they do and basically there are lots of different theories I've read about why. One is that there's
 there's a kind of snail called the rosy wolf snail which is a predator snail
 and it hunts other snails by their trails. Oh obviously if you get on the trail it just you
 just follow it and then you you know you eat the snail then um so that might be the reason
 or there's another guest that they're going over very rough terrain and it would actually
 require so much slime to properly slime all the ground under them that they make a little economy
 there and they just proceed without making slime for every bit of the ground. I like the idea that
 they're leaving gaps so that people can't follow them. That's a cool idea isn't it? That's a nice
 idea because there was a thing wasn't there last year in the news where they found some someone
 was smuggling snails in an airport or something and they found one snail and then they just followed
 his snail trail back and they found like a hundred more or something like that. That's exactly what
 there's giant African land snails they're absolutely mega and people import them to eat them.
 They're really vilified the African land snails and in fact they have a close relationship with
 the rosy wolf snails who I think are the most vicious snails on the planet. They're so they're
 known as cannibal snails and honestly look up a video of them eating other snails it's so frightful.
 Time lapse it must be. Yeah yeah I'll put it on at least two times speed so they'll catch up with
 the snail by following in its trail the rosy wolf snail. They'll sort of climb over its shell and then
 the snail obviously retreats back into its shell trying to get away and the rosy wolf just sticks
 its head. Imagine how frightening that is this huge head coming into your shell and sucks it all
 out. It's grotesque. This is actually a question that's been I saw it online there's a meme question
 the other day so the question is you can have 10 million dollars yeah 10 million quid. Oh I don't
 want this bloody Malcolm Gladwell question again. You can have 10 million quid but if you accept it
 there is a snail always chasing you somewhere around the world it doesn't ever stop moving
 it always knows where you are and it doesn't ever die. But what do you accept the money. But what
 it's a killer snail. Oh sorry I missed out the only important bit of information. And crunch
 proper. It follows the movie isn't it basically. It follows but with the snail yeah. I don't think
 I take the money. Right. No because I like peace of mind. Yeah. Couldn't you just live half the year
 in Australia and the other half the year in the UK. So just as he's kind of getting over the
 Tasman Sea you get on a plane. Is he or she a clever snail in that respect. If I boarded a flight
 to Australia. Oh could it board the next one. Could it board the next one. Was that what these
 guys were doing in the airport. Yeah it could yeah yeah it's a clever snail. Oh okay well that's
 a bit different because I think the whole point of it being a snail is it's going to take forever
 to get to you. Oh sorry and it's got legs in it rubs. And a knife. And a six foot. So yeah snails
 are frightening I think is what we've learned here. But actually sorry I did mention a connection
 between the African land snail which is a big bad guy because it's this big snail and it destroys
 invasive species and the rosy wool snail and that's because so in Hawaii there's loads of
 kind of endangered species of snail. Lots of types of tree snail and the African land snail
 rocked up and started threatening them. And so in 1955 we did the classic and we thought what we'll
 do is we'll introduce a bigger snail to eat the African land snail. And now I went to Hawaii a
 few years ago if you go there's just one massive snail. That's the island isn't it. So they introduced
 another bigger snail. Yeah and the it decided the rosy wool snail decided it preferred the taste
 of all the delicious tree snails that were really endangered to the African land snail and it's now
 responsible for the extinction of at least eight native species. Oh man. We've got to stop doing
 that. We've got to stop it. So some um winkles kind of snail um that you can read the slime trails of
 other snails and then get all sorts of data from the slime the sex the species the direction it was
 going and how attractive it is as a mate. From its slime. Yeah and if you're a lady snail and you're
 free of parasites which is to a male there's a base basically the Benny Hill show happens where
 you've got a load of male snails chasing you and this happens so much that there are some they're
 called rough periwinkles. The females they can change the composition of their slime and basically
 turn on a cloaking mode where to hide their parasites they would hide the sex oh they leave
 a sex neutral trail because they've got so many bloody male rough periwinkles chasing after them.
 Oh really? I'm not interested and so they change the slime. How cool is that? That's clever. Yeah
 that's amazing. Yeah like a phone box like a sticker in a phone box your snail is a snail trail.
 I didn't know I was just trying to think what the human equivalent is of leaving a trail behind you
 advertising how sexy you are. Oh those things in the phone boxes. Yeah it's a dated reference. I
 don't think the way they work is you go to one phone box and they say right now to the next phone
 box and you keep going down the phone boxes until you eventually reach the prostitute. I think that's
 how it works isn't it? More and more clues every time one more number added to the phone number.
 She's been here. She doesn't then conceal her trail by leaving a gender neutral card in a phone
 box. No no she doesn't not that kind of. What an average time. We should move on in a sec.
 I just have some things on slime that I quite like. Do you know that to most of the inhabitants
 of the ocean? The ocean is slime. It's thick and viscous. Slimy, viscous. Slimy. What's official
 things? This to think smaller than fish so I think to like plankton and microbes and I don't think we
 know how it actually feels to them but basically this was an article there's a new scientist in
 the year 2000 so maybe it's been completely disproven but basically they found out that
 there are way more sugar molecules in the seawater than we thought there were. It's like this whole
 mesh of sort of saccharide molecules and they trap water in their mesh and that creates this kind
 of gel and it's cobwebby it described it as and so if you're a small animal going through that
 because you're so tiny that feels like really thick and viscous and we think it must feel
 like that to them because if you look at how microorganisms are distributed in the sea or
 like plankton or tiny things they're not evenly distributed or randomly distributed they're sort
 of in clusters because I guess some bits are thicker than others in this weird cobweb and so
 they can't plow through them. So you're just a little kind of bit of plankton going down the sea
 you can't really swim because you're plankton that's the whole point of plankton but then
 occasionally you just get to a bit and you're like 'oh great this is all slimy now' yeah do you mean
 great sarcastically yeah yeah yeah but can you climb through the water if you're plankton you can't
 do anything you're just whatever the current happens yeah whatever happens happens no wonder
 they've evolved sarcasm is the most powerful weapon okay it is time for fact number three
 and that is James okay my fact this week is that italy's defense minister was once hospitalised
 for smoking 150 cigarettes in a day. Was it a challenge? What was it? Was it a competition?
 I think he was very stressed it was during an election in 2013 this is a guy called Guido Cressetto
 and anyone who follows Italian politics will know that quite recently the brothers of Italy have
 have won an election or become the biggest party and they formed a government and they're kind of
 like the eukipi nationalist party of Italy and Guido who I think was the leader of brothers of
 Italy at the time in 2013 he was electioneering and apparently had one cigarette every six minutes
 from 8 a.m to 11 p.m and started feeling not very well and had to go to hospital wow but then
 after a few days he was fine okay what does that do to you that level of intensity what did they
 diagnose him with well he felt that it was stress related as well I think that oh yeah
 so do you um do you drink oh I just have a sherry at Christmas do you smoke well you know just
 just 150 a day just every six minutes yeah I think definitely the stress thing though and I live
 quite near a main road so can I unpack the six minute thing though because is that including
 is that post finishing a cigarette with a six minute break no so every six minutes he would
 have had to have started and ended for the mouth to work how was it just my cigarette a few minutes
 you have to go quite quite quickly to get through one in three or four minutes he might not have got
 to the to the filter in all of them right right yeah because you're busy it's stressful you're
 campaigning here I tried to find any evidence anyone had ever smoked more than this in a day
 and I don't know if you guys found Stefan Sigmund oh yeah right but he's called Sigmund oh yeah
 cool yeah wow Stefan Sigmund Sigmund Sigmund yeah yeah yeah it's close enough anyway in 1996 what he
 did he um he was trying to get a Guinness World Record apparently and it's there are some people
 who say it didn't happen but there is a photo of him doing it okay he jammed 800 cigarettes into a
 wheel rigged them all up to a pipe yeah and smoked 800 cigarettes in six minutes yeah and it was a
 rotating wheel and the idea was that he'd be able to get a little bit of all the cigarettes the people
 who said I think it definitely happened that I think most people who say that it didn't happen
 were are more saying that he couldn't have got much from the ones on the outside of the wheel
 oh yeah yeah that surely wasn't accepted as well Guinness said it was not environmentally friendly
 yeah well one good reason why it's not but no it's yeah I read a newspaper article about him
 because at the same time as doing this he also ate 29 hard boiled eggs in four minutes
 and he leaped into a lake from 135 foot cliff all in order to get into the Guinness Book of Records
 but Carol Jones a Guinness spokesperson said we do discourage this sort of thing
 and suggested that he tried the record for collecting cigarettes instead of smoking them
 okay so yeah I wonder if he got any I wonder if he holds any for any of those events because it sounds
 these ones that he did it was almost like an advert because it was in quite a lot of newspapers
 during the day and it was almost like it was an advert for Guinness saying don't do these stupid
 things because you won't get in the Guinness Book of Records because it like listed a few
 things you couldn't get records for that's mad I was just looking at tips for quitting if you're
 the 150 a day kind of person and I just came across an article that I really enjoyed in the
 Guardian because it asked for other people's ways that they'd found quit smoking when the
 normal stuff didn't work and so if the patches and the gum haven't worked for you here's what some
 people recommend there was Pete who got all I thought you were going to say you smoked peter
 instead but bury yourself in it yeah yeah and on top of that you won't be drafted into the war
 it's a win-win situation sorry Anna peter peter peter yes he had all of his teeth removed
 he smoked for about 40 years and he went to the dentist and said stop you from being able to
 smoke because I did that not that on its own but he had them take out all of his smoking yellow
 teeth and then he had them all replaced with fake teeth which look really good and then he was like
 well I don't do anything to damage these fake teeth that's a good idea yeah incentivizing like a great
 way to quit um pull out all your teeth well there's okay here's a different method then
 because they do a lot obviously the warnings on the packet and then I think some countries have
 considered warnings on each individual cigarette in case you haven't got the message from the
 pictures on the packet which you've seen your mouth you can't read it unless you could create
 a cigarette that gives smoke signals but say stop smoking that's good like Gandalf kind of breathing
 out that shit but he'd breathe out a picture of a diseased lung the director's cut yeah yeah yeah
 um well they kind of so in 2013 there were some researchers at sterling who kind of did this
 they made a packet of cigarettes which shouted at you when you opened the packet it played an
 audio clip warning about the dangers of smoking I think that's quite good yeah I have a um I've got
 a musical biscuit tin do you yeah yeah and does it say stop eating biscuits fat so it was it was
 a Christmas present and I'm still still working my way through it because it's loads of biscuits in it
 but every time you open it it's very hard not to play a bit of the tune because you move it just
 you know you move it and it's quite delicate and so and it does it's more made me stealthy about
 opening the tin because I don't want I don't want to give away the fact that I'm um yeah yeah eating
 biscuits that's kind of clever I don't want my neighbors to hear and come over and say hey can I
 have a biscuit you know well so you think you're going to be like an ice cream man your neighbors are
 going to hear a song of biscuits very close to my neighbors with great friends but you know you've
 got to keep keep some things private you've got to have some boundaries yeah I think that's one of
 them um I've just one guessing game for just one other way to quit smoking yeah one woman said
 convert from when you're drinking tea convert from mugs to a cup and saucer she said this is what
 made her quit so she would have had a ciggy with a mug of tea very good yeah but it's good to put
 your cigarette in the saucer because you've got something to rest on it's like a mini ashtray
 yep um a mug a mug what's the difference does the mug have like because they can have writing
 on them does it say mmm a lovely fag she only had pro smoking mugs yeah they used to do big
 business in them I actually think she might be using a cup and saucer differently to how we
 might use one for this to work oh she holds them in both hands and you got this third hand free
 beauty that's clever that's the object of a cup and saucer she got rid of all the tables in her house
 so she had to hold them she moved to a mountainous region with no flat surfaces at all just one
 cup one saucer it was a huge sacrifice actually she only spoke one a week right that's amazing so
 there's a big movement these days obviously for trying to stop people from smoking almost all
 together so a lot of people on top of that are trying to erase their relationship with cigarettes
 particularly for big companies um so the example I have Walt Disney Walt Disney supposedly used to
 smoke about three packs of ciggies a day and if you used to go around Walt Disney World uh Disney
 World you would see pictures of him holding cigarettes and so many shots it's just he's
 got a ciggy in his hand and what they've done is they've photoshopped out every single cigarette
 that's ever found in a photo of Walt Disney at Disneyland so wherever you go the photo is
 still the same photo but the cigarette is now missing do they put something else in his hand
 no they don't so that's the thing you've got this weird little point thing make it a pencil
 yeah so easy what they've done instead is every member of staff is trained to do the Walt Disney
 point with their two fingers so that normalizes it yeah and this is even used in the movie where
 Tom Hanks plays Walt Disney with the the Mary Poppins movie that was done yeah it looks a bit
 like he's doing gun fingers it does gun fingers doesn't it all like you're swearing at someone if
 you leave a gap a cigarette exactly if you have a tiny gap but so members of staff are specifically
 trained to do the Walt Disney point which he never did because he had a ciggy in it and when when do
 you do it do they tell you when to do it or is it just every five minutes you have to do it three
 times I think probably if you're pointing somewhere maybe it's just over there maybe um if you're a
 bit stressed after sex yeah with a cup of tea um so cigarettes don't smell very nice to a lot of
 people agreed yeah they smell pretty horrible to a lot of people agree to a lot I suppose it
 depends if you're a smoker yeah yeah okay but have you heard of nice cigarettes these are these
 were launched in 1989 um they were called the that wasn't the official brand name I can't remember
 the official brand name but it was basically the first cigarette to smell good was the idea
 and it was they burned with a vanilla smell and they were advertised under the slogan
 you shouldn't have to leave the room you shouldn't have to apologize oh yeah well that's just gonna
 smell like a vape which I must say I'm not a big fan of either well it's sold terribly and they like
 there have been a few attempts but they were all the kind of proto vape things so premier smokeless
 cigarettes was another kind they were tested in 1989 um and smokers didn't like them well customers
 who tried it complained that it smelled bad lack flavor and it was too hot to touch and industry
 experts noted that it could also be used to smoke crack so it didn't make it off the testing line
 really right yeah but apart from that doesn't think smokers like the smell and taste of cigarettes
 and have never liked stuff that doesn't really taste like it really except the occasional eccentric
 smoker who used to smoke some menthol cigarettes um just lest we think that smoking is on its way
 out asap it's going up worldwide in terms of number of smokers and that is related to the
 population going out but still it's the biggest cause of preventable deaths in the world and by
 quite a long way because I actually didn't look up the second biggest but I always sort of like
 things like car crashes are really big and other things are around alcohol even like I wonder how
 I wonder if they can measure alcohol yeah you can you've got nails that following you around for
 your 10 million quid that's actually ironically hot on the heels of smoking the whole point of
 that is it's not preventable that's like literally you just can't stop leading inevitable cause of
 death obviously smoking has been banned in various places over the years and in new york it was banned
 in 1908 smoking but only for women really yeah um on ladylike pretty much yeah pretty much that
 they hadn't invented that Audrey Hepburn long cigarette absolutely that came down later yeah
 it was a very short-lived ban basically in 1907 there was a cafe a very trendy cafe in new york
 that allowed women to smoke because usually people women didn't really smoke in in public very much
 because it was seen as un-ladylike but this bar decided actually we don't care about that anyone
 could smoke if they want and then it was really really popular and so a load of other bars started
 to let women smoke in there and the politicians didn't like it there was a um politician called
 timothy little tim sullivan and he decided that he was going to ban smoking even though he had
 personally never seen a woman smoke right he still decided he was going to ban it and they did ban it
 and there was only one woman katie mulcahi uh who was the only person who was cited for violating
 the crime uh because a few weeks later the mayor of new york fee told it said actually this is
 ridiculous we're going to stop this really for two weeks and for one woman in new york it was
 illegal that's cool for katie i bet that i got her a good reputation i reckon did you guys see
 we were just mentioning Audrey Hepburn had you know those those beautiful what would they call
 it holders the cigarette holders yeah did you see the inventions of robert stone who this is in
 the 1950s he just tried to come up with new and innovative ways to make smoking a more pleasurable
 experience um so he invented these holders there was one brilliant one where it was for if it was
 raining and you wanted to have a ciggy um it had just a little umbrella that hangs over the cigarette
 itself off the back of its holder yeah it looked really really clever there was the periscope
 ciggy which would go upwards um no no specific purpose as far as i can see uh for the periscope
 ciggy if you're in a submarine and you want a fag what do you do because you can't go outside
 yes but you had a massive pipe going up there well we didn't see the approaching warship um
 because perkins was using the periscope have a quick gasper ironically they found us through
 the lit tip of the cigarette um actually weirdly until 2010 you could smoke in a submarine as well
 oh yeah yeah it was yeah there was there was a room there was a smokers room in submarines and
 you could smoke down there spaces at a premium on submarines yes yeah it's amazing how geared
 everything was towards smokers needed spaces interesting so many people smoke yeah interesting
 thing is the beetles had a white submarine but it just got stained by all the nicotine
 okay it's time for our final fact of the show and that's my fact my fact this week is that actually
 we've all been pronouncing covrant garden wrong okay come on dan all right what are you on about
 everyone or have you been doing it right all along i've been doing it wrong as well a different
 kind of wrong different kind of wrong still wrong so i was looking into covrant garden i love where
 we work i love this area it's it's full of incredible historical significance and while
 looking into it i discovered that the word is actually a bastardization of the word convent
 it should be convent garden that's how this started the very first mention that was ever made of
 convent garden was in the 1200s and um it was uh in reference to the fact that this area was a lot
 of it was garden and for westminster abbey they had lots of vegetables and so on here so this is
 prior to the big market and the reason it became a market that's almost a but wait you've you've
 explained why the garden bit's pronounced garden but um the convent bit is it the garden of a
 convent right yeah it was garden of a convent there were lots of monks here and so on and they
 were running it and so it was known as convent garden this was basically a big old monastery
 around here that wasn't kind of attached to westminster abbey which is not that close to here
 which makes you think wonder how that works but actually a load of monks lived here and it was
 the dissolution of the monasteries famously under henry the eighth that sold it all off and then it
 became what it is today yeah is it i think i read this too long ago to be absolutely sure of it now
 but basically this was quite under under populated bit of london because there were two main bits
 of london which were the westminster you know cedar power and that was the city yeah which is
 over further east and actually the bit in between was not really populated at all not really it was
 this sort of two bit system and yeah i think it definitely went down population wise like it was
 a thing about the eighth ninth century then it went down and then it came up again but i think
 technically dan you could argue you've been pronouncing it more right than us really well
 you're pronouncing it with an extra r yeah and what is r except half of an n in covent garden
 he puts the r towards the end of the word covent don't you yeah yeah is there any other covent
 do you get covent anywhere else coventry yeah should that have been coventry oh my god yeah
 or was it a place where witches lived mm-hmm coventry the coventry yeah and that's why
 Hitler went for it yeah didn't like the witches yeah famously fair enough um not fair enough
 my grandma lived in coventry we won't be tired in coventry anytime soon then
 um yeah com god market was is the main thing that com god was famous for wasn't it yeah for
 centuries and um oh man it was so interesting such a cool time what period are we talking
 oh centuries which particular centuries i think it started being officially a market in 1670
 didn't it but it had been used the market before that okay and in fact still is today if you if you
 wander out into the market from the office you'll find it's not your big fruit and veg it's not the
 biggest fruit and veg market in the country anymore like it was from whatever year around i
 said it was um but they sell knock off football jerseys yeah that's true and those are sort of
 the vegetables of today are they yeah um but the market porters were a huge thing and um
 there's amazing footage as footage from the kind of 20s and 30s of them carrying stacks of the
 baskets on their heads because that was how everything was transported in the market
 and they were slightly domed in the base so they fit on your head very neatly and they
 stacked really well and have you heard of basket jim basket jim he's had a person it's a person he
 was called jim sainsbury i don't know if any relation but he worked at the common garden
 market in the 1920s and 30s and there's footage of him doing 25 baskets in a stack on his head wow
 that's like the stuff in the baskets yeah i don't know if they're full or not i think maybe for the
 show for display purposes they might have been empty yeah yeah that's still a lot though isn't
 it's the balance is the main thing yeah yeah it must be a different family otherwise surely sainsbury's
 baskets would have that head shape if you walk around sainsbury's now i think you have to put it
 on you do you know the first sainsbury's was in covent garden really interesting enough yeah it's
 on the dreary lane just down the road from here uh and they sold like um what was it called railway
 milk that was their big seller it wasn't disgusting you have to get up so early in the morning to see
 the trains being milked but it's a beautiful site the idea was that it came from like devon and
 cornwall but it came on the railway so it's still fresh okay right the square was built for the
 fourth earl of bedford by inigo jones the famous architect for international listeners inigo jones
 i always feel sorry for because he's gone down in history as not christopher wren essentially
 in in england wouldn't you say he's basically the the other architect that's not christopher wren
 yeah he was very famous architect yeah but he's just the second most famous architect sure he was
 i'm sorry inigo i just wanted to say oh fair enough christopher wren who designed st paul's
 cathedral we should also say for international listeners yes i don't think christopher wren is
 that famous outside the uk either no or in the uk to be honest and inigo jones is less famous than
 him but still very cool and has a cooler name as well yeah well he he actually has a less um
 fun name than one of the people he worked with so he was um he worked under james first and
 charles the first uh alongside the official royal stone master uh who was called nicholas stone
 nice amazing really good stone master yeah the stone master what would the stone master do
 well he would have worked with stone he would have worked with was he he was nicking stone he was a
 sculptor for sure so nicking it isn't nicholas nicks stone very good yeah and inigo jones was
 more famous no less famous but quite famous for being the first person to do a survey of stone
 hench speaking of stone that's cool yeah but he did say that it was a roman temple which it wasn't
 right and that's why he's only the second most famous because christopher wren would have got
 that straight away he loved roman stuff um actually the sad thing another sad thing about
 inigo jones is that um the main thing he had to do really in this square he was asked to build a
 square fit for gentlemen with ability uh by the ear of bed for the ability of being able to carry
 baskets on your head yeah just for the basket carriers yeah and the living statues no it's
 basically for really posh rich people and so the only thing they wanted they wanted a completely
 bare square so it was the first time london had had this a huge expanse with nothing in the middle
 so you know you could prom not about it and then with a church in it and it was st paul's and the
 church still is st paul's so christopher wren designed st paul's cathedral big f off uh beautiful
 cathedral down the road and then he designed little st paul's church on covent garden that's
 still there today but st paul's covent garden is better in some ways in some ways because it's uh
 it's a reverse church it's a reverse it's where god comes to worship me yeah right yeah it's um
 yeah the church authorities aren't very happy about it actually uh a bit sacrilegious but it's
 no it's uh it's a wrong way church isn't it it's a wrong way around church because what do you mean
 well basically churches have their doors at the west end and then the east end is the bit that
 faces towards jerusalem that's how churches are laid out yeah right yeah okay yeah that's just
 there's how churches are but he because he wanted the doors to open onto the piazzas was the first
 ever piazza that we were going to have in the uk very exciting he wanted these huge great double
 doors so he built them like that and then the church said absolutely not you're going to have
 the altar at the east end and you're going to have the door at the west end like normal and so the
 doors are kind of false doors but and then there's a real door yeah that makes so much sense because
 the back looks so much like a front kind of thing with that church it's a bit confusing yeah it's a
 reversive person church so do all churches face jerusalem not all of them but the idea is that they
 face east because that's where you're looking and that's where you know when you're praying you're
 you're sitting in church facing the front you're facing towards jerusalem if you're ever lost yeah
 in a town go to the church whichever way it faces just walk in that direction if i'm on my way to
 jerusalem you'll get to jerusalem yeah i'm the squeezy jiff lemon there we go to covent garden
 squeezy jiff lemon sorry there's a lemon juice product called jiff and it comes in a bottle
 that looks like a lemon it was invented by a man called edward hack in 1957 um not his not an
 original idea but no no that was that's just a joke um supposedly he he looked at the whole every
 lemon there was in harrods and sulfur it is of fortnum and masons and then he looked at 900
 individual lemons at covent garden to find the perfect lemon to base his oh i see because it's
 in the shape of a lemon it's in the shape of a lemon okay yeah i thought you're gonna say you
 looked at them all and made an average of all of those shapes no i think you just found one
 unbelievably nice lemon the flawless lemon i must admit i don't actually find any one lemon more
 attractive than any other lemon but that's just me uh james you've got no heart yeah there was a
 place called the rose tavern which i think was the best place to hang out in the 1700s and um it was
 where criminals highwaymen prostitutes or but then actors poets artists samuel peep spent a lot of
 time there he said he really liked the food are you going to the brothel against samuel no no no
 i'm going for the sausage rolls fish and chips is honestly done i just like that simple pub grub
 and the topless woman who serves it to me um there's rose street up there is it there
 i think it might be because i think it is still there rose street and then just off of
 there's some floral passage or something yeah yeah floral lane or something probably okay and
 they handed the people who sort of performed there had amazing tricks so there were topless
 women would wrestle there um there's a there's a thing and you could put bets on it it employed
 lots of posture moles which i'd never heard of but posture moles i don't think you're gonna
 guess what this is well it's obvious isn't it you dig down a hole into someone's garden
 and then when you come out you sit straight oh it's like this um like the conductor ethyl
 smith tying herself to a tree to improve posture okay i don't think it would have got as much
 custom in the pub if it was your version but it would have been closer to mole is a is a is a
 is a prostitute of some kind oh mole i see yeah oh because i heard that posture women was a nickname
 for the uh the women playing the trade it probably is the same maybe it's posture moles posture women
 but these people uh used to emphasize that they were not prostitutes but what they did was they
 would be paid by the cleontel your samuel peeps is either to be flogged or to flog them
 one of those in public in front of people in the pub in public yeah oh yeah i know sexy that is
 saucy well i guess a strip club these days it's all in the open isn't it as well they don't have
 a cast of nine tails don't always ask for the whipping it's been 300 years okay sorry um but
 the way they advertise who they were to say you know i'll whip you if you want was they would lie
 naked on a table and a waiter would bring a lit candle on a tray over to them and they would
 simulate kind of having sex with it with the climax being that they would snuff the candle
 out so wait a minute until that had happened you just think it's a normal naked woman lying on
 your table and then as soon as she blows out the candle having pretended to have sex with it you're
 like oh you're a prostitute exactly you're not you weren't just passing and felt like a lie down
 it's a bit like when you go to tji fridays and you tell them it's your birthday
 they do that in some branches no one's oh they've told them it's my birthday they're gonna do the
 thing that are so embarrassing he's only six that was not what chat gpt suggested is a good idea
 for a party are you saying they snuffed out the candle i think with uh yeah yeah with with the
 the nether regions apparently they lie me in fact the the quote was snuff out the candle in a highly
 obscene and hazardous manner to rows of approval from her audience because it's quite you know like
 if you have a candle and you manage to put it out with your fingers because you lick your fingers
 yes it's a bit like that is i always feel really hard when i do that like danny die or a rustle
 cry well imagine doing that with your funny oh maybe it's sort of like a downstairs sneeze
 possible
 okay 20 minutes all my other garden stuff is so tame i found a record that was broken at common
 garden but most candles enough that was a vagina yeah it was how you'd end the night there put out
 all the lights honey pick up pick up a naked woman to slowly dip her over every single
 sorry which record most medium hamburgers even in one medium sized or most i don't know if they
 were medium i don't know if they were medium sized medium cook i had they come from the you
 know from the dead world they were medium sized ghost hamburgers that have been cooked somewhere
 between rare and well done right okay by the way how many was it four four it was four which
 it won't be done it won't be as impressive in one minute it is by a bloke called furious peat from
 canada furious peat very nice um tji fridays was mentioned a second ago uh there's a road called
 maiden lane and right at the bottom of maiden lane on one end opposite on the corner of bedford
 street there is a building there and if you look up on the building you'll see a plaque and that
 plaque reads that charles dickens used to live here in the workhouse when he was a young boy
 and i was looking into it and that building was it was a sort of a working house and he used to
 work downstairs putting black polish into tins and you know you would sell that and i'm pretty sure
 it's where there used to be a tji fridays on the bottom there was there was yeah that's that would
 have been the spot where charles dickens as a young man was put in the front window of the building
 because what they used to like to show was how boot polish was going in fresh so it looked like
 you're getting the best sort of stuff and he was he would sit in the window with his best friend
 at the time and they would both do it together and his best friend was called fagin so fagin and
 dickens used to sit in the window doing the same right and that became a tji fridays and that became
 a tji fridays and it's what he would have wanted it was the best of foods it was the worst of foods
 predominantly the latter
 it was the best of foods it was oh happy birthday
 okay that's it that is all of our facts thank you so much for listening if you'd like to get in
 contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast we can be
 found on our twitter accounts i'm on at schreiberland andy at adrew hunter m james at james harkin and
 ana you can either podcast at qi.com yep you can go to our group account which is at no such thing
 or go to our website no such thing as a fish.com all of the previous episodes are up there so do
 check them out and also check out club fish our private members club there's lots of fun behind
 the scenes extra shows and all sorts of little bits up there to check out so do that uh or just come
 back here next week we'll be back again with another episode we'll see you then goodbye
