 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to
 you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with James
 Harkin, Anna Tyshensky and Andrew Hunter Murray and once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go starting
 with fact number one and that is Andy. My fact is that the road network in Cornwall was probably
 not created by elephants. Really? Because that's slightly odd to what you said a couple of weeks ago.
 Yeah it is slightly isn't it? It's quite long as well, it's quite long.
 Was this like exposed because of what I said that the roads are far too narrow to allow an
 elephant to pass through it? It's not, no. So this is just a little bit of inside baseball
 which is about that fact that I said that the roads in Cornwall were created by elephants
 and which turns out to have been published on April 1st and it's not true and I doubt for it
 and the slightly complicated factor is that the episode that it went out in went out on April 1st.
 Can't we just pretend it was in April 4th on our part? I seriously considered it but I wasn't
 allowed to. Is that your actual fact this week? It's not my actual fact should we get to that one?
 Yeah okay good because it's one right. Paul let's find out in two weeks. My fact this week is that
 in 1954 Derbyshire Cricket Club tried drying out its pitch with a jet engine. Doesn't sound right.
 What's interesting is a few years later Yorkshire Cricket Club used an elephant to suck up the
 water from the bench. Oh my gosh. No this is amazing isn't it? It's fun. It's a cricket pitch
 drying innovation which hasn't stood the test of time. It's not you don't get a jet engine to
 hover over laws these days but this is from a brilliant piece that was published in The Guardian
 by Simon Burnton about the history of cricket pitch drying which obviously see that click
 straight on that and it was about all these gadgets that have been tried out over the years
 and one of them was the jet engine was quite new at the time. It's like using I don't know
 nuclear fusion now. It was a relatively recent innovation. I don't think if we even craft
 nuclear fusion I think if that's the first thing we use it for that's going to be quite an odd
 decision. The rest of the world's going to be looking at England going Jesus. They didn't bring
 a full jet though did they? They brought an engine yeah exactly so they rigged up an engine over
 they strapped it to a lorry and it was a Rolls Royce engine which they'd used in a
 plane called the Gloucester Meteor which was one of the first British jet engines.
 Quite a thought lorry though must have been pacing it down the motorway to get there.
 Yeah did it work? It worked. It dried it out for eight minutes. When Rolls Royce were contacted
 by it was actually someone from Lancashire Cricket Club who contacted Rolls Royce saying
 hey why don't we do this. They said well it's going to use 400 gallons of fuel an hour
 and it'll probably bake the turf of the cricket pitch. It's not going to be very good. So they
 tried it out at Derbyshire because it was the nearest club to the Rolls Royce factory whatever.
 So they tried it out for eight minutes worked like a charm and as far as I can tell I don't
 think it was done again. Right because of all the fuel but they saved all that fuel by picking the
 nearest club to the Rolls Royce factory. Well this guy was called Jeff Howard wasn't he that he was a
 secretary of Lancashire and he said that if you can get play restarted using the jets then it'll
 be fine because it won't matter if the cost is 100 pounds which in modern days is thousands of
 thousands because if people come to see cricket then it's worth it. And Jeff Howard he was really
 interesting. His grandfather was the guy who invented garden cities so you know like Lechworth
 and all that kind of stuff. Wellen. Wellen yeah all that kind of stuff. So he was the grandson of
 that guy and he was the uncle of Eunice Stubbs the actor and the great uncle of the man who wrote
 the theme tune for two pints of lager and a packet of crisps. It's called Christian Henson.
 What a dinerster. What a batshit family gallery they must have in the ancestral home like that's
 the cricket guy that's the city guy that's the two pints of lager and a bag and a crisps guy.
 That's Eunice Stubbs. Amazing isn't it? Wow. Can I just when you say they use jet engines which
 bit is it the sucky bit or the blowy bit? In what way did they use a jet engine? Oh my god I
 don't know which way up it was. It must have been the blowy bit. They were firing it down rather
 than sucking it up. Because they do they do both don't they impressively so you never know. And
 actually I read somewhere that in in half a second the power of the suction in a jet engine
 could hoover an entire four bedroom house in half a second. That is no. Well so why is my cleaner
 taking three hours? Back to more problems with my cleaner. The spin-off show. I really should wash
 my dirty laundry here but if she did it I wouldn't have to. That surely implies there's kind of a
 market for a hoover which is shaped like the front door of your home and just drives around
 plugging into your front door. Well of course that's what used to happen to play hoovers used to be
 we might have said this but hoovers used to be on the back of horse and cart. They used to wait
 outside and you'd put it through the window wouldn't you like a big the big hose and you'd
 sort of hoover. Kind of like an elephant's trunk. Exactly like an elephant's trunk. I wouldn't
 miss that Andy. I think if you did do the front door option that you've suggested you would suck
 all of your furniture and inhabitants of the home into it as well. There's obviously a net in front
 of it Anna. It's sucking out dust and you just pick your belongings out of the net. Spend two to
 three days tidying your house. If you have any belongings that are the size of a speck of dust
 you're screwed right. Your pollen collection's gone. This article that you found Andy it's amazing
 because it is a genuinely really good article and it just seems that there have been so many
 different innovations trying to work out how to dry cricket grounds and they've come up with great
 ideas but they all just seem to have just one major flaw that ruins it for them. So there was
 this one idea which was using a new patented drying roller and it was it was really good. It got
 75% of wetness from the top of the turf off. It was really useful. Only issue it left the entire
 pitch jet black every time it did which was not useful cricket right. Isn't it? If you've chased
 to a white ball. That's really funny. They also tried giant washing up sponges didn't they? In
 I think in the 30s they just designed these massive washing up sponges where two men would stand on
 them and it would absorb and the interesting thing is you kind of get those today. I was reading
 about puddle pillows. They're cool aren't they? You can buy a pack of about 12 for about 120 quid
 if you're interested and they're really fun. They're used mostly for baseball pitches and it's
 what you'd imagine a big pillow and you plop it down on a big puddle and then you lift it up again
 and the puddle has vanished. Wow. Where's it gone Anna? Where's it gone? It's magic. That's really
 cool. I think they just mostly when I watch cricket they tend to get a big rope and just drag it around
 the pitch. I don't know how that works but yeah that's how they do. Is that maybe whipping off the
 dew? I don't really know. I've never understood why they do it but they all do it so it must work.
 That's interesting. For the water or is it? What? Like the outfield they tend to just drag a rope
 along I guess. Interesting. Maybe it's the standing water that they're getting rid of.
 Because they try certain things. There was in T20 in 2020, T20 International in fact between
 India and Sri Lanka. T60 basically. Yes that's what I meant. They used a hair dryer and a steam iron.
 There was footage of the groundskeepers using a hair dryer. No way. A physical hair dryer to dry
 wet patches of the ground. That's so funny. It's like when you get a wet patch on your trousers
 exactly. Just before you're about to go out and you're like how am I going to get rid of this
 wet patch? And you just have to try everything. It's either going to be the hair dryer or the iron
 depending on which bit of the trouser. Why is one patch not your trousers but why is one patch of
 the grounds wet? Is it one tiny cloud? Yeah it's like in the Truman show where it just picks one
 little spot. You know sports pitches are all tilted. Have you never seen sports on TV? Well
 the whole thing is about a 20 degree angle. Why are they playing on a hill? That's why they call it
 2020. It's the 20 degree angle of the game. Well lords is famously tilted as well. Lords is very
 tilted. In fact I think lords, don't they say that if you're standing on one end of lords then your
 head is lower than the field at the other end? That sounds about right. That's true. Yeah but
 that's just a cock up. They built it in the wrong place. That's insane. I used to play football.
 When I was at school I played football for the school team and we played against this prep school
 and they had a football pitch that was on I would say in my memory it was about a 45 degree angle.
 Perhaps it was a bit less than that but it just meant because we were kids like we didn't really
 know how to play football properly so everyone just used the chase after the ball. The ball would
 then always go up at the bottom of the hill just with 22 kids just kind of mauling after it like
 they're playing rugby. That's amazing. Was it like that? It was like the house vacuum where the parents
 would have to come and scoop their kids out of the big net at the end. Anyway sorry about what you
 were saying. Sports pitches are meant to be slightly tilted for drainage to stop them getting wet so
 they're either crowned which is when they've got a tilt. The high point is in the middle. Brilliant.
 Or they're just tilted on a side slope so they're all drains to one side so like in a football pitch
 for instance the crown runs from one goal to the other like a ledge and they're supposed to be... So
 you're always shooting downhill? No, it's downhill to the sides. So it's like a road. It's like the
 camber on a road. Yeah it's like the camber on a road exactly between one goal and the other
 and then the sides of the pitch are between 12 and 18 inches lower than the middle of the pitch.
 Oh wow. Isn't that cool? That is cool. And that's why when you look at the edges of the pitch and
 like round where the sub-spinches are it's often a lot muddier and harder to drain because that's
 where all the water collects. Wow that's really cool. I didn't know that football pitches have
 underfloor heating. Do they? Throughout the pitch. Under grass heating. Yeah. All Premier League
 ones do for sure. Wow. Right I mean that's if you know about football you definitely know that but
 if you don't know about football like me that's mind-blowing. They've got it's mostly electric
 wire isn't it? Yeah because you know how they play football in winter? Yeah. Yeah so that they
 don't get cold off due to the snow. It's not to warm their feet. I thought it was to help the grass
 grow as opposed to help melt the snow. That can help as well although they'll have big lights above
 the grass to help that grow as well but it's mostly I believe to stop it from getting cold
 off in winter. That's insane. I just think wow people really like football don't they?
 This will surprise you it's a multi-million pound international spot.
 I think what we're saying is the heating is paying for itself.
 I like that so Lords is obviously the most famous cricket ground certainly to anyone who's a non-cricketer
 that's the one that I know most and this is the third Lords. It was in two other venues beforehand
 right? So the original Lords which was opened up by a guy called Henry Lord was in Marlborough in
 London. Oh because they're called the Marlborough Cricket Club aren't they? Yes. That's the official
 they they own the rules of cricket don't they? Like if you want to change a rule you can't they own
 it. I've never heard of that before. You have to ask these dicks and stupid outfits whether you're
 allowed to. But so this guy he set up it in Marlborough and then it was moved to St John's
 Wood when he had to change and then that got moved again to where it currently is and when he moved
 each time he wasn't impressed with the grass there so they lifted up the turf from the very first
 Lords moved it to the second one and then when the current Lords that it's in now I think they've
 changed the turf entirely but certainly when it was set up that was the turf that was then carried
 over from the second one really to there as well yeah that's really interesting. So what did they do
 with the grass that was already there did they swap? I think they yeah they might have swapped and
 got rid of it yeah I actually don't know how they disposed the last one but in 2002 they actually
 Lords did a whole new revamp on it and they got rid of the turf so they sold off chunks of turf to
 people so people all over the UK now have little bits of Lords grass in their garden which they're
 growing. One guy spent over a thousand pounds buying a huge but so his whole garden is Lords
 ground. That's cool. And the grid that you mentioned the MCC they made sure that they kept one very
 specific patch of grass that they gave to the location of the original Lords from 188 years ago
 so sitting back there now the grass has returned. It's like a cutting that they can propagate and
 they can grow new Lords for the if the current Lords is destroyed or whatever. Yes it's like a
 seed bank yeah yeah yeah yeah. You see Andy people really like cricket as well. It's amazing isn't it?
 Yeah people do. People just love sport anyway. So wet fields is a problem in all sports do you
 know how people dry baseball fields? Well with the sponges you said the puddle sponges. They do it
 with the puddle sponges I think that's a good way to do it that's a recommended way a non-recommended
 way which has been a space of lately as people setting fire to them. So it's been really weird
 every couple of years it's reported in America so in 2019 in Connecticut there were 25 gallons of
 petrol dumped on a baseball infield and lit and it was just by lit by 20 parents whose kids would
 strike the match to get it going. Nice. Yeah yeah yeah. Very good. Strike. I like it. Yeah.
 Would have also worked if it had been a bowling set because it's like a bowling alley.
 Hang on so they sorry is this on the grassy bit or the muddy bit? The muddy bit.
 Oh so there's no grass to destroy that's good.
 That's true although it still does quite a lot of damage it did $50,000 worth of damage police
 estimated and they advise people not to do it. What to the dirt?
 Like how valuable is this dirt? I'm sorry sir but the dirt's gone.
 However will we replace the mud?
 Okay it is time for fact number two and that is Anna. My fact this week is that there's currently
 a court case going on in Ireland about whether stained glass windows are actually windows.
 It's a big deal. Can I ask Anna right so you've read about this story.
 Do you land on the opinion that stained glass windows are windows or that they're not? Well
 don't want to get into any subjudice here but oh yeah always a case happening in Ireland
 isn't it? Yeah. So if you're listening in Ireland turn the show off now. Especially if you're on the
 jury for this piece. Yeah without wanting to sway any listeners at home I wouldn't like to make a
 call because I've instinctively sided with the victim which doesn't necessarily mean I've sided
 with the truth. Oh okay yeah I mean so it makes sense when you tell the story. Yeah I should tell
 the story. The very fact that you've decided which side is the victim I think shows that
 you are biased. Yeah you're right you're right thank god I'm not on this jury. Anyway this is
 all about a place called Beaulieu's Cafe which you might know if you live in Dublin it's in Central
 Dublin it's this famous old period building. Beautiful building the pièce de résistance
 in this building are six stained glass windows and they were designed in 1927 by Ireland's most
 famous stained glass window maker who I'm sure you know is Harry Clark. Oh yeah. There's a bit
 of a problem because Beaulieu's, Beaulieu's Cafe are just tenants and the people who own the building
 are called Ronan Group Real Estate and Beaulieu's are in massive renters not their fault some would
 say the rent has gone up massively over the last few years very difficult to pay. I'm working out who
 the victim is. So they're in renters of 700,000 euros and the windows are worth about a million
 euros and what Beaulieu's are arguing is that the windows are not windows which means that the
 company that owns the building doesn't own the windows because they're not windows. You own
 windows because they're part of a building but these windows are works of art they're chattels
 they're things that are held within the building so their argument is I'm afraid this big billionaire
 landlord group doesn't own the movable chattels it's arguing they are movable uh yeah that and
 that might be where the court case falls down because it is quite difficult to move them obviously
 anyway they so Beaulieu made this offer they've said to the guys who are the landlords look we
 won't pay the rent because we can't but what we will do is um steal the windows we will sell the
 windows on uh to a company which will then donate them back to the cafe and you are allowed to keep
 them yeah so there's that they're actually selling them to the state and then the state will donate
 them to the cafe and say okay you're allowed to keep them in the cafe the landlords are like
 screw you we own the windows you can't sell us something that we already own yeah feels a bit
 like they're right as in when when Beaulieu's arrived did they knock out the existing windows
 and put in their own stained glass windows I don't think so right well Dan you raised a very
 interesting question because the people who owned it originally were Beaulieu's and then they sold
 it on they own the stained glass windows and then they sold it and became tenants in the 80s right
 interesting so that does confuse me because they sold it so they've they've kind of sold the windows
 once and now they're suggesting they might depend on what's in the contract doesn't it yeah it does
 absolutely I maybe they haven't thought of checking the contract I mean Beaulieu's yeah like you say
 really um you know part of the furniture in Dublin you know one of the most famous places
 mentioned in a great work of art um see if you can guess which which it is I'll give you the quote
 monica had gone home long ago it was quarter to nine little chandler had come home late for tea
 any ideas okay well yeah well friends but what what there's something spin off I don't know what you're
 talking about they're just two characters in the Dubliners by James Joyce but isn't it true
 James that that the tv series friends is part of the extended Dubliners universe I tried to look
 I got the entire text of the Dubliners in search for all the other characters no gunter you
 wouldn't believe it would you anyway it says the little chandler had come home late for tea
 and moreover he had forgotten to bring Annie home the parcel of coffee from Beaulieu's so yeah James
 Joyce he used to go there and he mentioned it that's really cool and isn't there an episode of
 friends called the one where they sell the windows on dubious grounds in order to get out of 700 grand
 it's basically Central Perk's big problem that's solved with that that's great it was founded by
 the Beaulieu family but the Beaulieu family the first people who were involved in hot drinks
 was a guy called Samuel Beaulieu and he brought in a load of tea from China when the East India
 company had a monopoly and the monopoly finished and so people could suddenly buy tea in London
 and he said well why should we buy tea in London we can just ship it straight over to Dublin so he
 did that and the reason he could do it is he had all these ships because he used to be a merchant
 of silkworm guts cool cool isn't that cool i would see do you think he said i'm a silkworm
 gut merchant what's that i'm a silkworm gut merchant that's what i do do you know what they
 might use i'd never heard of silkworm guts i mean i assume they had them are we talking about the
 actual parts of the silkworm that yeah the place that they digest stuff is it like yeah is there
 equivalent to sausages for them like tiny little sausages oh the extra bits that's a great thought
 you could make a sort of silk making robot and then when you implant the silkworm guts into it
 it is the crucial missing bit but it is almost gettable but probably not the kind of guts or the
 animal guts cat cut cat guts you use for instruments yeah so how tiny is this orchestra
 whenever someone says they're playing the tiniest violin in the world actually silkworm guts of
 they were used for making fishing tackle like fishing lines and also to sew up cuts by surgeons
 they used to use silkworm guts because it was really good so cool isn't that amazing awesome
 wow people are so clever i stayed in a b&b in broad stares once with my wife and the guys who
 owned it who ran it they make their own stained glass and it's really beautiful and they were
 telling us about the process and i mentioned to my wife and Ella that we were going to be talking
 about this and she said do you remember that thing they told us they said that back in the
 medieval days when people made stained glass they used to use the urine of redheaded boys
 as part of the formula for making it and i found a couple of sources online that suggest that that's
 apparently redheaded or ginger urine used to have magical properties and they thought sorry
 it was used to be thought that it has magical properties it didn't used to have magical properties
 when do the redheads lose this amazing power some say they've never lost it is that how Rod
 Weasley got into Hogwarts um it does make sense because the redheaded bit doesn't but
 to make the paint in stained glass it actually used to be made out of crushed glass and something
 like urine so it was it was either urine or wine they tended to mix it with to make the paint to
 stain it i i did believe it when you said it down as well but i you believe it even more now that i
 understand it i don't believe it i do know guys what color can glass be stained stained glass
 be stained give me some colors any color blue red green yellow you're all wrong you're all completely
 wrong what the only staining you see on stained glass is brown or black or gray paint stained
 what no it's a big old misnomer what so stained glass this is i feel like that doesn't tally with
 my experience but you know when you go to the church and all the windows are brown and black
 just looks like the birds are pooed all down this absolute symphony of browns yeah god's light
 uh makes you hallucinate all the colors no the way you make the colors the proper colors in
 stained glass is you mix up your glass mixture with certain metals that make certain colors so
 like cobalt i think makes blue and um what other different ones are there gold chloride makes red
 color so that's not staining you're mixing it with a metal that's making the glass rather than having
 existing clear glass and then painting that because that's one of the other techniques as well isn't
 it so then you do that and that was the only way they made stained glass until i think about 13th
 century so stained glass wasn't actually stained and then they came up with this idea of kind of
 painting it with this paint they made and all that does is this add the shading which i didn't
 realize stained glass involved is the black lines that you see that create the kind of textures
 and all the shading which makes it look more realistic and that's all just in brown and brown
 and gray just for the glass notes out there the palace of westminster they have stained glass there
 and basically this is a story about the british um harry clark what i think is the british harry
 clark and that's a woman called mary lounges she was a stained glass artist and she was like one of
 the main people of the arts and crafts in the uk okay now she also established the artist suffrage
 league and they did all of the posters and placards and christmas cards for suffrage events
 one of them that she did in particular was the mud march in 1907 this was the largest ever march
 for women's suffrage they brought people in from all the different towns of the uk and they all
 had banners and so if you were from bolton you would have like a banner with something to do with
 bolton in it like a pasty or something i don't know but it would be like from each place it would
 be something to do with them and she designed all of these stained glass artists and in the palace
 of westminster um window number four has a stained glass of the mud march which is what she did all
 of the banners for so it kind of comes around in a nice circle that's cool isn't it and then and on
 the window is there an individual little bit of stained glass of all of the banners no it's just
 like a general kind of picture of the mud march because it was really muddy that day and they
 were they went through i don't know like st james's and stuff but it was really really muddy and
 all the pictures in the newspapers were of all these muddy angry stuff tragically they didn't
 have jet engine technology to drive them out there's west from mr abbey obviously has a lot
 of stained glass windows as well there's loads when we're talking central london and um it has a
 recent one that has been added a few years back by can anyone guess an artist an artist um tracy
 ermin no uh but like a good guess that's as good a guess as any i know what those stains would have
 been made of it was all brown wasn't it yeah um demianhurst no so david gunter von hargan's
 no that would have been i know someone flayed you know so lots of pinks and reds what about um who
 is the guy who did the angel of the north oh yeah um what's he called his name's antony gormley antony
 gormley he got his face because he's in everything that he does right is he so he's a big picture of
 his face in west minster abbey oh great i did but no yeah the great idea was it gormley
 well i just said no okay great great um more artists who's that guy who did all the cartoony
 stuff roll harris with all the colors and roll harris they brought him back into the game
 uh who did cartoons oh and who did the cans oh andy warhol andy warhol andy warhol no this
 is just a couple of years ago so he's all right okay just a couple of years ago yeah a couple of
 years ago an artist we can get this only a modern you'll be canon from art attack yeah oh it's a
 great idea no thanksy oh who some people think says you'll be canon exactly that's why i thought of
 it yeah right so no no okay and a modern artist is not banksy or me yeah is it someone who's who's
 says they're an artist like ronnie word from the rolling stones who does paint in his spare time
 technically he looks great all right yeah oh thick Reeves oh that would be very cool as well or
 grace and perry or yeah no grace and perry uh no i've already just said that wasn't great oh is it
 harry valenak the greatest um no it's not um dan i actually do need i do a class tonight well
 i was i've been ready to tell it a while ago detective harkett is worried insist on cracking
 the case okay guys 12 more guesses each okay and then i have to move us on i'm begging you please
 stop put these guys out of them literally i don't think it might be just because we've gone this far
 i'm gonna give you the initials great dh david hockney yes david hockney oh my god that's so
 predictable did he do it on his ipad because that's why he does these yes he did did he yeah so it's
 called the queen's window it's 28 feet by 12 feet and it looks jeck when i saw it i was like my god
 it looks like someone's done that on their phone and it kind of turns out he has and he designed it
 certainly find it in that's what i'm wearing i've just i actually read about this in my research
 oh my god so you do this already to save an hour of everyone's time oh that's good yeah so he he
 and he didn't even really come over to do it he sent over the drawing sat over the phone for a
 bit he was on the toilet like have you guys seen like the david hockney's he does on his ipad yeah
 like i'm sure they're great works of art they genuinely look like they've been done by children
 and this looks no different really i'd love to see this in person just to see if it's a bit more
 vibrant but when you see a photo of it it looks like i'm a big fan of hockney but yeah yeah i know
 but i agree these ipad drawings are very much they look quite uh microsoft word kind of you
 know or like microsoft art microsoft paint microsoft paint not work it's quite impressive to
 her to microsoft work okay it is time for fact number three and that is my fact my fact this week
 is that hard rock cafe is owned globally by a group of native americans so weird this is pretty
 incredible this is the seminal tribe uh they're in florida and um back in 2006 i believe it was
 they bought for nine hundred and sixty five million dollars the entire group of hard rock
 cafe so that's all the cafes it's the hotels it's the casinos and they are now the owners
 not only of hard rock cafe but this group of native americans are also the owners of the greatest
 collection of rock and roll memorabilia in the world so they have been buying up things like
 casinos and hotels ever since the late 1970s and this purchase is just part of their catalog
 of ever-growing business ventures and the seminal tribe uh it's worth putting into context who
 they are they came into existence properly in the 1950s and what it was was a disparate group
 of native americans that feels late it was very late they've i mean you know the the peoples that make
 up the the group with this name of seminal they've been around 12 000 years in america and they were
 all little groups of uh native american tribes that were sort of being pushed out further away
 by white people coming into america and they made a decision to sort of form together and sort of
 create a body where you officially would become the seminal like a supergroup yes yeah like cream
 they are like the traveling wilburys yeah and actually there's a lot of traveling wilburys and
 cream memorabilia in our country as a sort of solidarity the seminal people though of course
 you know they've been around for a very very long time that's not a new name the seminal tribe that
 was set up in 1957 was a collection of other tribes coming together and banding under that name
 and they they basically the the claim on the seminal tribe website is that they are the only
 people who never surrendered to the white invaders basically yeah and um that was true of the seminal
 people in the 19th century they had the seminal wars which were a massive deal in the us throughout
 the 19th century i think there were three big seminal wars and it was this thing where presidents
 like andrew jackson very famous for persecuting native americans and others kind of went to war
 with them and tried to force them west because obviously they suddenly wanted all the eastern
 land so forced loads of them west but a bunch of the seminal people rather than being forced out of
 florida where they wanted to be kind of retreated into the everglade marshes yeah the seminal
 traditions i read that there are four particular seminal traditions which are sewing patchwork
 building chickies which are small wooden houses on stilts kind of traditional structures and
 bidding on big multi national businesses the fourth one is wrestling alligators oh yes that's
 it i just wonder if it's like sewing patchwork building small wooden structures and wrestling
 alligators that's the hardest of the badges to get when you're in seminal high scouts isn't it
 i just feel like there might be some kind of sorting hat procedure as a young seminal
 alligators can i put the hat on again please should we talk about hard rock cafe so it was
 started by peter mortin and another guy called isaac tigaret i believe that's how you pronounce
 his name and isaac tigaret clearly a massive rock and roll fan actually married the first wife of
 ringo star not moraine moraine he married moraine someone's read this fact i just know but i just
 know that ring goes marital history i think if i'd known that before i would have remembered
 his first wife was called moraine that's the kind of you know it's a more usual name yeah isn't it
 yeah moraine starkey so moraine um and they broke up because she had an affair with george
 harrison huge scandal wait ringo and moraine or no ringo and moraine broke out when when she was
 found crumbs with george harrison yeah like uh so that's that's just a bit goss for you guys there
 and are you saying because you say he's clearly a massive breaking news what a scoop a lot of the
 memorabilia yeah it's not it's not all hard rock as in i think of hard rock as being even harder than
 normal rock yeah like slipknot or something right right and it's not they don't have a lot of kind
 of death metal or doom drone based right and i think people would be less willing to eat in their
 restaurants i certainly would if they did just dead rats yeah cradle of filth is playing out of
 the sound system you're right you're right but wings paul mccartney's band wings debuted at the
 london branch the original branch of the hard rock cafe yeah probably what can you get as a
 starter at hard rock cafe the paul mccartney one waitress says that when they did debut they
 all the waiting staff put cotton wool in their ears so that they could keep the night out while
 they serve people well this this waitress who said this is a waitress you can and she still
 works it so i walked past it on the way to the qi office today i walked past the hard rock just
 i just i want to see this this was open in 1971 this was the the landmark spot where it was opened
 and when they opened they had a waitress working there who is called reeta gilligan and she has an
 mbe she still works there she's seriously fun isn't she yeah um and has such good goss because
 i didn't quite realize that every musical celebrity you've ever heard of is eating in
 hard rock cafes is this in your contract when you join a band so you know she says um she actually
 said i've served the beetles the stones freddy mercury eric clapton pete townsend and then she
 says take that and the carnebis which seems like an incredibly steep decline i've actually never
 heard of the i haven't either and i looked them up and they don't even have a bloody wikipedia page
 i think she's probably pushing a band that she's managing i wonder if that might be a
 misprint for the cranberries i wondered if it was the cranberries but then there is a band
 called the carnebis that have played in the hard rock cafe i think it's part of their brand so
 she's trying to slip them in maybe with these big names and she supposedly turned down posh spice
 for a job reeta when she came in i love the story that's the way you tell it i don't know the full
 story well it's it's there's not much more to it than that but she reeta gilligan claims that victoria
 beckham applied for a job at the hard rock cafe as a hostess or whatever shortly before the spice
 girls took off but that she was rejected for being too quiet yeah and so she went and got a job at
 bill wyman's restaurant sticky fingers instead but it's she was trying to know what was named after
 a rollingstone's album yeah i just didn't know i would have chosen one of the others i don't know
 any of the other albums but i reckon all of them will be a better name yeah they would in association
 with they've got an album called beggars banquet that's quite a fun cool name for a restaurant
 but no sticky fingers yeah but this is the weird thing so there's reeta gilligan who worked there
 since 1971 and it was still there a couple of years ago there's also another waitress from the
 hard rock cafe called dealia lee's who worked there for 48 years and she got a job two weeks
 after it opened and she's 80 now and she still does two days a week so i think there are two of them
 who have been there for 50 years this is like bloody qi there's no turnover of staff that reminds
 me there was um i only half remember this story but at the savoy um there was two very famous um
 waiters who work behind the bar and they two women and they both worked there for about 60 years or
 something and they knew everyone um but they stopped talking after about five years of working
 together and then they just stopped being friends and then they didn't really see each other because
 they were on shifts but literally didn't talk for like 30 years that's so funny that's over all we
 have a similar thing on the podcast don't because actually if you listen carefully back to all the
 episodes you notice that anna and dan have not said anything to each other on the show
 for the last five years if you notice that when we were doing that guessing game and it wasn't
 giving any yeah there was only me and andy shouting for half an hour it's long-term beam
 listen out for that um rita by the way she got her job in 1971 and it happened when her husband
 was reading the evening standard and he shouted to her the looking for people like you and she
 went oh are they and she went over and the advert read older women wanted late 30s 40s and 50s and
 she was only 29 when she left oh that's such a horrible thing to say did she have to put
 talcum powder in her hair and well actually when she went there she said um you know i'm looking
 for a job and one of the co-founders peter martin said no you know you're too young you're too young
 for this and she said i'm the best you're gonna get so you better take me and he said yeah cool
 you're hired do we is it known why they wanted women in the late 30s 40s 50s and so on i suspect
 that what they were trying to do is they were trying to get american diners in the uk because
 there wasn't anywhere that you there was no McDonald's there and there was nothing like that they
 wanted to have a place where you could get burgers and stuff like that and if there's that cliche of
 being sold by sort of a 65 year old yeah like a happy days kind of thing yeah you got to any diner
 in america and you you have breakfast there there's always a woman who's you know in her you know
 middle age coming around with a with a pot of coffee and tipping you up and topping you up and
 i think that was just the cliche right tipping you up and topping you up she inverts you on your
 chair they're very strong isaac tigrit was a devotee of an indian guru back when those indian
 gurus were a big deal um and this one was satya saibaba and so yeah the chain was founded by him
 and he obviously brought the spiritual side to hard rock cafe and then this guy called peter
 morton who um was the son of a founder of morton steakhouse who brought the steak side um so the
 motto of the hard rock cafe is love all serve all apparently there must be something like a tennis
 term doesn't it you never say serve all in serve all serve all it's like what you might say just
 before the game starts yeah i know have you not seen the serve all bit of a tennis match where
 everyone gets to serve at the same time it's chaotic but it's the points rack up actually
 happens before right they do a warm-up where they both serve at each other yeah right technically
 known as the love all serve all but yeah of course it was originally a chain of tennis courts that
 would be such an improvement i mean like cricket has had the t20 revolution i think tennis needs a
 like a jeopardy round where everyone can serve as many balls as they can at the same time and you
 just have to stand there and if it hits you in the post then that's part of the game doesn't
 yeah that's 40 love anyway this guy who um inspired hard rock cafe this saibaba
 he was quite interesting i didn't know about him he was a massive deal in india 500 000 people
 went to his funeral sachin tendulkar cancelled his birthday really that year that he died wait
 sorry he he cancelled his birthday he's now actually one year younger than everyone thinks
 he is that just feels like an anti-aging prick by sachin tendulkar oh no he's sneaky right what
 what's he gonna be cancelled well he cancelled his birthday party he didn't celebrate a hard rock cafe
 so he uninvited everyone he didn't have a cake he didn't have a party he didn't have a party he
 didn't even celebrate no one even sung to him uh because he was so sad about this spiritualist dying
 oh gosh and he claimed that he was a proper god like omnipotent omniscient and the he did
 loads of amazing tricks apparently and he got some some examples for us there was a terminally ill
 woman uh she needed treatment it could only be given in japan and so she went and visited this guy
 and said i need this treatment to save my life can only be treated in japan and he pointed at a door
 and said walk through that door and she walked through the door with a travel agent
 i'm so glad i'm so glad i set my office up next to this branch of trail finders
 what happened that was on 10 times and it was japan what she walked through the door and she was in
 japan yeah cool wow don't say cool like you believe it though it's a cool story it's a really cool
 story it's like narnia for the modern day yes um isn't that amazing why to claim and yeah and then
 what happened well that's sort of where his tale ends you assume i suppose she was in japan and
 she's in japan well how's he supposed to know what happened that's true he can't go through the door
 he's not okay so he didn't leave the door open he just said he closed the door otherwise everyone
 leaves india and goes to japan so this woman who's quite ill has just ended up in i presume
 around a bit of japan i'm not because the door already led to japan it can't have led to the
 specific clinic she needs she's now trapped in a foreign country she's now illiterate because
 japanese is a different alphabet yeah yeah it's an incredibly upsetting and busy place she's very
 he hasn't come off brilliantly in this story he doesn't have a rail car because you can get rail
 cards in japan that help you go around foreigners you can get them especially but she's now she's
 wanted by the authorities because she's not in the country legally she hasn't got a visa or
 whatever you get here who's going to believe that so that's why you've got to be very careful what
 you wish for oh it's one of those stories okay it is time for our final fact of the show and that
 is james okay my fact this week is that when female seals have sex they have a special muscle
 in their vagina that can clamp around their partner to stop seawater from getting in
 that means that in order to create a seal they first need to create a seal
 superb fabulous oh god is it sex sex does always create a seal really doesn't it
 but do these ones plant particularly hard yeah these are like proper muscles in the vagina it
 feels like a wise saying that the seals have doesn't it yes to create a seal you must first
 create a seal yes you know the seals and the seals and what would happen if they didn't
 have the seal would they flood sorry tragic they have to get a jet engine to blow all the water
 out of them let me quickly say where i got this so i was honestly this was a speculative search
 that king i wonder if seals have seals and i found this paper called reproductive biology of seals
 by shannon atkinson where they describe this but basically it's just to stop seawater getting in
 pebbles getting in and if you think about they basically have a very similar reproductive system
 to humans so they you know you know vagina cervix uterus blah blah blah and if you look at a whale
 for instance they have quite a long sort of maze like structure in between that kind of stops anything
 from getting in there yeah but they have like basically like the human reproductive system
 it's pretty much straight up and straight down so they need something to stop stuff from getting in
 there and there are a few different ways of doing this but the way they do it is with these folds
 which have special muscles in and the muscles can clamp around the penis so that when the seaman gets
 in no sea gets it i feel like i feel like you're feeling you're pushing it a bit
 the seals are great and we should talk about seals oh they're amazing hardly ever talked
 about them so let's talk about them yeah you know they they basically don't need eyes or ears
 really there's their whiskers phenomenal whiskers that seals have and they do have eyes and ears
 they have eyes and ears and they use them but they didn't have them they could basically operate
 because yeah their whiskers are so unbelievably sensitive oh yeah all right so let's say we know
 that cats use their whiskers or rats use their whiskers they've got 200 nerve endings on their
 on their whiskers cats and rats right a seal has about 1500 basically what it means is that if they
 were swimming through the ocean and they couldn't see or hear and they needed to work out where the
 precise location of the fish is that they wanted to eat they could just use their whiskers to feel
 the vibrations the little movements of the water they're being pushed through the whisker and and
 pinpoint it and get to the nose and the other thing is they can tell if a fish has gone past 30
 seconds ago they can tell by the vibration in the water where the fish was using their whiskers
 and they go oh there was a fish here 30 seconds ago and they can follow the trail of where the
 fish has been and then with their whiskers and go down and the other thing is not just a whiskers
 like a cat which is where the nose is they can also do this with their eyebrows because they have
 whiskers on their eyebrows so they can hunt fish with their eyebrows that's pretty amazing that's
 that's also why old men are so good at fishing isn't it there was an experiment on the whiskers it
 was by the University of Rostock and it was about how harbour seals they find flatfish so flatfish
 hide under the sand so they're not very visible but there are these tiny movements of their gills
 because they're breathing in and out very slightly and the seals use their whiskers to find the
 flatfish and eat them for the experiment the scientists found some seals they created some
 fake flatfish under the water to be the bait and then they blindfolded the seals yeah how cool that
 is the better way of doing it because the first person probably to do most of this work was a
 woman called Dean Renov and she did it by snipping off the whiskers of the seals and you won't be
 able to do that now but this was in the 70s and she was really into her she loved her seals and
 stuff like you know obviously now to modern modern years it sounds quite bad but she really
 loved her seals apparently you could see the seal walking behind her in the University when she was
 walking to her lectures and stuff I was listening to a really good podcast which interviews someone
 called Dr Alex Milne who has such a great job she's a sensory biologist specializing in pinniped
 whiskers um and she was saying we don't know this but seal whiskers are curly they've got like wavy
 hair as opposed to sea lions and walruses who are sort of the the other pinnipeds um and we think
 that is to sense the undulations of the water though we're not totally sure but anyway she did
 this um she's done lots of experiments with um seal you know playing with seals and seeing how
 sensitive their whiskers are and playing with them balancing balls on their whiskers and so you get
 balls of lots of different sizes and then you watch what their whiskers do so if you've got a
 small ball and then a big ball which you think involves you know it points its whiskers towards
 them to balance um and then which would use more whiskers the big ball more area and that's incorrect
 oh yeah the little ball that there you go dance dance got it dance how did you learn that out
 you've got to use the method of wait for people to answer wrongly and they get in there I tried
 to do that with the artist but we didn't go through every artist in the world um it's so it's the same
 physics which means it's easier to spin a big ball around on one finger right then balance the
 little ball um and so the smaller the prey the more whiskers it takes so if they're chasing
 prey in the water the same thing happens they focus more whiskers towards a smaller prey to
 try and pinpoint where it is because I know you're looking a bit skeptical Andy but you see basketball
 players spinning a ball on the finger you don't see table tennis players doing it to you no I don't
 know I've never seen that thank you James but balls get heavier the bigger they get yeah to a
 certain extent like once they're so big they crush your fingers then you have to yeah a basket ball
 versus a ping pong ball for example would I would feel require more whiskers purely for the weight
 of it so we must be talking beach balls they use their nose as well um but I think um it is I think
 the the whiskers are sort of for balance but yeah I think it probably is beach balls so those are
 the ones with the balls on their noses aren't they yeah yeah they always have a ball on their nose
 yeah yeah and dolphins do as well often yeah it's not a vintage dolphin thing though no I think when
 I think of dolphins I think of dolphins jumping through hoops yeah yeah yeah being really clever
 yeah playing chess but they are the only two animals so it's weird that you say it's not
 a vintage dolphin thing when it's so clearly no it's such a seal thing they'd have a ball on
 your nose yeah absolutely I agree I don't think it's a dolphin thing at all it is no it is a dolphin
 thing well I think it's on its way out they gave people TB tuberculosis in South America
 is believed to come from seals I know this sounds like elephants built the roads in Cornwall
 I appreciate it sounds like that but no there's a there's a bioarchaeologist never heard of that
 job before either called Jane Buikstra I hope I'm pronouncing it right from the Colombian
 Institute of Anthropology and History because TB got to South America with colonists 500 years ago
 but there have been bones found much older which also have TB and it doesn't look like they came
 over with the original humans you know 10,000 years ago whenever it was because it spreads from
 south to north not north to south which is not the order you would expect it to go in right hang on
 sorry I'm confused so the colonists brought the TB over but there are also seals that are older
 with TB but there was pre-existing human TB found in samples in bones and if it had come with the
 original arrivers 10,000 years ago it would have gone from north to south but it didn't
 went south to north and so the theory is that it came over with seals which might have been you
 know eaten hunted and eaten and the bacteria survived there because TB arose in Africa
 interesting and somehow seals got it is the theory took it to South America gave it to humans
 and then they met on the way down presumably the humans coming down met the TB on the way up
 an awkward dinner yeah but sometimes zookeepers these days get TB from the seals in their care
 doesn't always happen they need to not get so close don't they have you guys seen Andre the seal
 no no okay seriously yeah seriously right no I kind of thought everyone watched that as a kid
 oh it was a TV show it was a film oh no no I've not seen it okay well this I think I saw the play
 yeah I was just shot down on animal rights grounds within a couple of days wasn't it
 did they mention the vagina thing yeah it was about that was weird it was you and it was marketed
 to children um well Andre the seal for those who've seen it it was a very famous film in our
 childhoods for a brief period of time we all watched it it wasn't very good and it was the true story
 of a seal who befriended a tree surgeon which you wouldn't have thought their lives could lie
 better cricket match yeah that's a hell of a meat cute you've got to enter there um yeah I don't
 know how maybe the forest was flooded anyway seal befriended a tree surgeon we're like in the
 pitch me see they go so this is the story the seal meets this guy we've seen that a million times
 wait wait wait the guy's a tree surgeon keep talking um true befriended this seal and it's a true story
 between 1961 and 1986 yeah so this guy was also into diving met this seal it had been abandoned
 by its mother and so it took it in and sort of raised it for a few weeks thinking it would return
 to the wild tried to return it to the wild and the seal loved him so much he just stuck around
 stuck around for like 25 years but what like in the bath or don't they need lots of water it would
 come up to his house and hang out in his house in the day and then flop back down to the harbour
 and then he'd go swimming with it wow and it wintered in this aquarium anyway they made this film
 about it and do you know what species of seal they used in the film uh seal no there's a there's an
 elephant seal uh what's the name of the film down what were you gonna say no because I realized I
 was saying not while saying a sea lion you're absolutely correct you're kidding they used a
 not seal and how bullshit is that as if they couldn't be bothered to find a seal and they do
 look quite similar it's all in the ears but anyway they the filmmakers wanted to coordinate with the
 aquarium who raised andre in the winters and the aquarium refused bigger I think sea lions right
 I think they're both they are bigger yeah although you can get huge seals elephant seals are massive
 the key apparent is that um seals have um ears that are just holes I think yeah seals are kind of
 more roundheaded so seals can remember what they have just done and repeat it on command
 as long as you ask them within 18 seconds of the image I'll think okay I set a cup of tea
 this is unusual because not many people can do this right this is a study I think most people
 can do this but well I'm quite content so this is um a study by simian smiel at the university
 of southern Denmark in Odent and basically they asked them to do one thing and then they asked
 them to do it again after 18 seconds but they could still do the thing they said repeat they
 didn't say do this thing again they said repeat and they managed to do it okay and what was quite
 interesting is the guy in charge of it smiel said that this is really they've did a really good job
 because what you have to understand is that this is a very very repetitive study and even the human
 trainers and assistants had a hard time remembering what they had just asked
 you end up with a human as they were just staring at each other
 that's it that's all of our facts thank you so much for listening if you'd like to get in contact
 with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast we can be found on
 our twitter accounts i'm on @shrybeland andy at andrew hunter m james at james harkin and anna
 you can email podcast at qi.com yep well you can go to our group account which is at no such thing
 or our website no such thing as a fish.com all of our previous episodes are up there do check them
 out and do come back next week because we will be back with another episode to play to your ears
 we'll see you then goodbye
