 Hello and welcome to a very special bit of content.
 Now this is what we call big fish.
 It is an XL version of a previous episode of No Six Things A Fish and we have put it up
 here to show you exactly what you can get if you go to the plenty more fish tier of club
 fish.
 On top of this you will get a video version of DROPPERS ALINE and you will also get a
 vinyl sticker after staying with us for three months.
 For the people who want a little bit more fish in their lives and that's why we called
 it plenty more fish.
 If you want to go even higher still you can go to friend of the podcast where you will
 get an exclusive t-shirt access to a three monthly video quiz and you will get access to
 the archives of No Six Things A Fish.
 We call it the aquarium.
 It's got loads of unreleased material in there and of course you will become custodian
 of a fact one of our lovely little facts will be put into your custodian ship and you will
 also get a mention on the main feed.
 So thank you for joining our top tier.
 But if you don't want any of that then fear not because the main episode of fish that goes
 out every Friday is free and will always be free.
 Anyway, really hope you enjoy this XL version of fish on with the big fish!
 Good evening ladies and gentlemen and welcome to No Such Things A Fish.
 Are you ready?
 Please welcome to the stage No Such Thing As A Fish.
 Thank you everyone for being here.
 Thank you so much.
 This is very exciting for us.
 We love doing our live shows.
 We're very proud to have been invited to the 10 year anniversary of the London Podcast
 Festival.
 This is something that we played quite a few times.
 Do we ever play it the first year?
 No.
 We weren't invited.
 No.
 But why don't we bring out our guests?
 We have a very exciting guest.
 So it's not just the 10 year anniversary of the London Podcast Festival, but on the 4th
 of October 2015 a woman called Belinda blinked for the very first time.
 She blinked into existence and it gave birth to what is basically the pop culture podcast
 phenomena of the UK and we're very excited to have one of the members here.
 Could you please welcome onto the stage celebrating his 10 year anniversary of his own show.
 His dad wrote a porno.
 Jamie Morden, everyone.
 10 years.
 This is the first place we ever played porno.
 That's true.
 Oh, really?
 You first have a live show.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 That's cool, man.
 I was here for it.
 Yes, stalker.
 Yeah.
 Didn't know him.
 Still don't really.
 I was in the audience and they did a tombola thing at the end to give away a prize and they picked
 out a winner and the first winner was for a row that didn't exist in the room.
 So this secret.
 Yeah.
 Surely every theatre has a row.
 It was like 0.2 or so.
 That's not a row.
 It was really weird.
 It took ages to work out the row didn't exist and then they did it again and it was a sold-out
 show.
 It landed on the only seat that was empty.
 So no one.
 Thanks, Dan.
 So anyway, I love you to be here, but then the third one came and it was my seat.
 And I won.
 Yeah.
 And I came up and it looked like the whole thing was fixed and grew in the moment.
 What did you win?
 A mug.
 A mug.
 Signed?
 Yeah.
 By?
 Your dad.
 Of course.
 He signs everything.
 If you can find a mug that isn't signed by dad, it's worth the fortune.
 I'm just so excited.
 I'm so just to level with everyone.
 This is such an intense show to do.
 There's so much prep.
 It's like homework.
 I've been cramming.
 Yeah.
 Where's your dad now?
 Yeah.
 I'm nothing without him as you're all about to see.
 You should have got him to do your research.
 That would have been incredible.
 Oh my God.
 Next time.
 Next time.
 Well, listen, we've got a show to do.
 We don't have a tumbola, but we do have a competition, don't we?
 Absolutely.
 Because you guys have been sending in your facts, which I've got on my phone here.
 What we're going to do is we're going to read a few of them out and then we're going
 to choose one winner and that person will go into a head-to-head against our very special
 guest tonight.
 So it's a big prize.
 I'll read out a few facts and we'll decide which is our favourite thing.
 Okay.
 So here's one.
 It's not going to name on it.
 It's from Road 0.2.
 They said a new spider has been discovered in Australia, which is now known to be the most
 dangerous spider.
 It's a subspecies of the Sydney for the web and it's called the Newcastle Big Boy.
 That is good.
 That's a great face.
 That's it.
 Can we see the audience?
 Yes, please.
 Who's that audience?
 Confess.
 Oh, there it is.
 Right at the back.
 Oh, the way.
 The only spot that the light does not hit.
 What's your name?
 Charlie.
 Charlie.
 And are you from Australia?
 Oh, good.
 Oh, wow.
 And here's another one.
 This is from James and Kerry and this is much more low-brow.
 House fly sperm is larger than human sperm.
 Really?
 What?
 House fly sperm.
 House fly sperm is larger than human sperm.
 I know what a sperm I know about.
 I've had 10 years of sperm.
 Professionally.
 How do you know this?
 You know what I mean.
 Five to six centriots is boiled up.
 Five to six centriots.
 And the house fly.
 Brilliant.
 Well, here's another one.
 Again, I don't have a name on this.
 This person says they're recovering from a broken ankle.
 It's a talus bone fracture, which is known as the aviator fracture, because when Spitfire
 pilots crash landed their planes, they had to keep their feet on the pedals until
 they were safely down and so they would all break their ankles when they landed.
 Yikes.
 Who is the person with a broken ankle?
 What's your name?
 Sadie.
 Sadie.
 That's a terrific fact.
 Do you want to choose one?
 Well, I guess Jamie, you're going to be going up against someone.
 Who do you think you can beat those people?
 What was it?
 New culture people.
 It's got to be the sperm.
 I'm sorry.
 OK.
 So, James or Kerry, would you be willing to come up on stage in a bit later?
 One of you.
 Tell you when.
 Stay where you are for now.
 You've got a full hour to worry about it.
 Kerry's just made very clear.
 It's going to be James giving up on stage.
 All right.
 Well, you guys ready for us to do a show?
 Roll the theme tune.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of
 No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week coming to you live from the London Podcast Festival.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin, and Jamie Morton.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Jamie.
 No particular order, the guest first.
 OK.
 Don't destroy our show straight away.
 It's just a light.
 I like it.
 OK.
 Iconic, Festbian, beer bone, had a walk on part in every single production at the Geal
 Good Theatre in London's West End for 20 years.
 And fittingly, had a front page obituary in the stage newspaper.
 He was also a cat.
 I know.
 I mean, like, what a hag.
 I'm sorry.
 That is a Festbian cat.
 That is.
 Yeah.
 For people listening on the podcast next week, or whenever it goes out, can you describe
 the cat who was Jamie?
 We've got a tabby cat, he's male.
 And he's lounging on stage at the Geal Good.
 Looking very happy with his beautifully lit.
 It's black and white.
 It's very-- it sounds like a headshot, but it's a full body.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Shea's long kind of look.
 That little-- is that a photo of a tail?
 He's like saying, paint me like one of your French cats.
 It's giving that energy.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Say the opulence as well around it in terms of the architecture.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I love this cat.
 So--
 I'm not going to lie.
 I've fallen in love with him this week.
 I've never heard of him before, but now I love him.
 So when you say walk on roll in all the plays, was that official, was he-- was he written
 into--
 No.
 No.
 Is the resident-- is it like Mouser?
 Is that--
 Yeah, Mouser name that they caught the mice.
 And he just would randomly walk on stage during productions, which, being a theatre director,
 I find chilling, because you work so hard to kind of make a show good, then some fucking
 cats just like wandering in front of everyone.
 And what did the actors think of it?
 Were they--
 Well, the actors, like, loved this cat.
 Like, almost uniformly, I think there wasn't a single actor who didn't love him.
 And he didn't love beer bone, because he is, as I said, a total hag.
 I mean, look at him.
 But yeah, he was loved, and-- and people got very attached to him.
 So much so that he had this obituary on the front page of the stage newspaper.
 And people like Penelope Keith wrote obituries for him, like loads of actors kind of got involved.
 The stage, I hadn't heard of the stage, is that, like, the main, main thing that you
 can get on it?
 The Bible.
 Dan, honestly.
 Oh, man.
 I actually heard of it.
 I was just being them for a second.
 Yeah.
 Then they've heard of it, too.
 Oh, so it is just being-- it's a great news paper, yeah.
 No, it is.
 It's a great news paper.
 It's behind a play wall, but it's great.
 OK, a lot of people did love beer bone, but beer bone would arrive on stage at moments
 that weren't necessarily good for a scene.
 You know, there was one-- there was one play that was on, which was called the House of
 Bernard Alba, which had a lot of sand all over the stage.
 Oh, no.
 Beer bone was the ultimate pooing ground.
 That was not good, right, at this moment.
 Not good for who?
 We loved it.
 It adds realism to the play.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's where it's set.
 If it's set in the pitiless desert of the Sahara, it actually, I would say, kills the
 mood a bit to have a house cat.
 There are enough.
 Some people think it's good luck for a cat to be on stage, and in America, at least, there
 was a superstition that if a black cat came into the theatre, that was really good luck.
 And if it came on the first night, that was really, really good luck, and the whole show
 was going to be amazing.
 Right.
 And so the fifth avenue theatre in New York used to keep a black cat backstage, and then
 on the first show of every run, that they would throw it out there so that it was on stage.
 And that was good luck.
 Oh, yeah.
 And the reason you said "Mouser" a second ago, Jamie, the reason that cats used to be very,
 very important in theatre is because back in the day, food being thrown on stage to show
 your all-pleasure or pleasure in a play was a massive thing.
 So at the end of every night, food was just everywhere, all over the stage, which brought
 in the mice, and mice were a huge, huge problem.
 So theatres would have, sometimes, up to 20 cats roaming around, catching mice if they
 had problems.
 But a lot of those cats would lie on their CVs.
 You've put on who you also do birds.
 Is that true?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 The film was on the payroll, I read.
 He was officially listed on the Gilgur payroll, which, as a former accountant, I think brings
 up a whole host of problems.
 Like, who pays the national insurance on that?
 Yep.
 I wonder who his agent was?
 I don't know.
 Someone bloody good.
 15% of a count.
 And apparently, he would disappear from time to time, according to Dame Hilda Brackett,
 he would dash off to see a particular friend at the Lyric theatre.
 His girlfriend?
 Yeah.
 She said, "We used to hear lots of meows.
 This was so how after all."
 I love it.
 Do you think, well, look, most West Enfielders have cats, as you said.
 Yeah.
 They're all mates.
 Do you think they just, like, all meet up at...
 Oh, that's a cute, that's a great show, though, that you should have seen the performers
 for this.
 Well, the lots of theatres did have cats in there.
 So the Noel Cow Theatre had two cats, imaginative, called Girl Cat and Boy Cat.
 And I think Boy Cat only ever distinguished himself once when he ate Princess Margaret's
 bouquet.
 Is that a euphemism?
 No, it's not.
 It's a bloody good one, isn't it?
 Yeah, apparently, he also escaped offstage during a performance of a musical five-guys'
 name Moe, and he would go under the stage and he would only come out when someone tapped
 out Stolverham.
 Right.
 There was a cat called Ambrose at the theatre Royal Jury Lane, which I think you've performed
 at.
 Oh, yeah.
 And this cat got into a beef with Michael Crawford.
 He kept upstaging Michael Crawford and Michael Crawford had no sense of humour about this.
 It's Michael Crawford, the original phantom, yes.
 But was he also Frank Spencer?
 Yeah, Frank Spencer.
 Open tea.
 That guy.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 A varied career, I think.
 I was going to say yellow.
 But then, and so, Michael Crawford was like kicking off about this cat, but every single
 person in the theatre took the cat's side.
 What does that say?
 Wow.
 I read about one that was at the Sadler's Wells.
 It was called Sadler, the cat, and Sadler in 1956 just suddenly disappeared.
 But unlike the other cats who would come on unprompted, Sadler actually had a role in
 a play.
 Oh, no.
 So, in the stage, magazine, they had an advert to audition for a new cat for the show, and
 I found the advert.
 It said, owing to the dramatic disappearance of Sadler, official theatre cat at the Wells,
 the important feline role and the forthcoming production of School of Fathers falls vacant
 or additions will be held, applicants must be fully grown and capable of maintaining dignity
 and poise atop a 10-foot high wall, despite the distractions of a full, operatic orchestra
 and audience laughter and applause.
 The chosen artist will receive full her service, one sardine and two complementary tickets
 per performance.
 Wow.
 And did you see who got the part?
 No.
 It was a cat called Keats, and according to the Daily Telegraphy beat off tough composition
 from cats called Fantasia, Nimbus, Klott and Mr Woodbury Bentley.
 And they had two auditions.
 In the second audition, he jumped off the wall that he was sitting on and then walked over
 to the bar and started knocking down bottles, and they decided this was a perfect cat for
 the theatre.
 You know, this is exactly what the old actors would do, so, yeah.
 So good.
 How can you cast a cat in a play?
 They just, they famously don't play bull, well, they play with bulls, but you know what
 I mean.
 Yeah.
 I know.
 To direct, I would imagine.
 Yeah.
 Dogs, I think, do get a look in sometimes on the West End.
 I was trying to find other animals that have been in West End productions.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 So there was a Guardian report in 2001 that there was a production of The Taming of the
 True, which had an entire cast of chickens, and I cannot find out whether it was like a
 whole flock of chickens and a human cast or whether it was an entire cast of chickens.
 Ah.
 Like.
 But when they all fired, I think.
 They were sacked, yes.
 Yeah.
 Apparently for being too hysterical.
 I don't know what the hysterical chicken can't imagine how hysterical they got when they
 were told they were fired.
 Yeah.
 That's the big on the room.
 Guys, we're going to have fun.
 You go.
 By the way, beer bomb, the cat.
 Do we know?
 Do you guys know why it's called beer bomb?
 There was a famous actor called beer, but I don't know what they're going to say.
 Yeah.
 He was a theater manager.
 He was an actor as well.
 His name was Sir Herbert Beerbomb Tree, and he founded Rada, the Royal Academy of Dramatic
 Arts.
 Yeah.
 And he's a pretty, he's a pretty amazing character.
 He released a few records.
 He did hamlets to be or not to be on vinyl.
 That's pretty cool.
 It's just really sin his own stuff.
 But he also, he's from the Beerbomb family, which is quite an amazing family, Max Beerbomb.
 The satirical writer was part of that family.
 Virtually every child that he had was part of some major bit of theater in the day.
 He had a lot of illegitimate children as well.
 His grandson from one of those moments was Oliver Reed.
 So he's very connected.
 He's basically the reason that Shakespeare is so popular today, Beerbomb Tree, I think.
 Right.
 Yeah, because in those days, so this was what?
 It was 19th century.
 People were kind of putting Shakespeare on, but it was very stuffy.
 People didn't really like it.
 It was going out of fashion.
 And then he started putting loads of Shakespeare plays on and making them real sort of blockbuster
 shows so that everyone loved to go there and loved to see it.
 And he was also the person who put, I think, the first film Shakespeare?
 I think he was the guy who did that as well.
 Right.
 He went over to America and did a hamlet on my path, I was up in.
 Right.
 Yeah, he's a...
 So he's what's a blame, basically?
 Yeah, yeah.
 And also, randomly, in the play "Cats," there is a reference which is said to Gus from
 "Geliorum."
 Is that the name of the cat in it?
 The line as he's acted with Oving, he's acted with Tree.
 "Cats."
 I'm so glad we're on "Cats."
 So thing one, when you think about it, "Cats" is an anagram of "Cast."
 Okay.
 And?
 Boy, it just makes you think, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And it's also an anagram of "Act."
 Oh, my God.
 I was so pleased with myself.
 "Cast."
 And they got to stack, but without the cage.
 Nah.
 And they thought, oh, that's brilliant.
 Is that it?
 That was the fact.
 That was the fact.
 He messaged us, saying, "I've got some amazing stuff on cats that I need to say on stage."
 "I spent six hours reading about the musical cats because you had a cat's back, and that was it."
 Well, I just wanted to introduce yours.
 Yeah, go on.
 Well, I have quite a good one about cats, the musical.
 Do you?
 Yeah.
 For its broadway run, they used over 49,000 condoms.
 Ah!
 Oh, sorry!
 Yeah.
 Can we guess?
 Why?
 "Dentch."
 "Dentch."
 "Dentch."
 "Dentch."
 Sadly, "Dentch."
 "Ruptured Her Achilles," so couldn't perform in cats.
 Although she was originally cats.
 She was meant to be.
 She was originally cats.
 In cats.
 In cats.
 Yeah.
 Why do you think they used so many condoms?
 To stop things from getting wet is my first thought.
 What sort of thing?
 You smuggle drugs for the cast.
 No, you're on the right lines, James.
 Yeah.
 To protect something.
 Is it?
 Okay.
 Oh, is it for...
 So a lot of preppers will use condoms to store water because a condom, like a water balloon,
 holds gallons of water.
 Absolutely not.
 I know.
 If you ever go to Danesford, dinner, he offers still sparkling or pure tasting of spermicide.
 Sorry, Andy.
 Cats have claws, don't they?
 Yes.
 So it's to protect the claws in transit and they had 49...
 Well, real cats have claws.
 This is a show with people.
 Yeah.
 Alright, put us out and move.
 It was...
 You were right, James.
 It was to protect their microphone packs.
 They were sweating so much because it's a dance show, right?
 They're dancing so much that they would put their mic packs in condoms.
 49,000?
 Yeah.
 After each show, they're just like tip loads of condoms in the bin outside of this.
 Oh, it's a sweet show.
 While we're on Andrew Lloyd Webber, there's another cat connection, which is the fact that
 Phantom of the Opera now has a sequel.
 Many, many years ago Lloyd Webber was working on that sequel and he was rising it with
 Frederick Forsyth, the author.
 The author, the author, exactly.
 So they were writing it.
 He'd written all the music and he had it on his electric piano and then one day he sat
 down to write a new song and his kitten, called Otto, stepped on the keyboard and erased the
 entire score.
 And so we never got it.
 The main thing about Cat Charlie is the movie, the amazing movie that came out a few years ago.
 Oh, yeah.
 And it was really the start of the pandemic, I think.
 It was right at the start of the pandemic, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 I was at that moment.
 It was the pandemic.
 I don't know.
 It was not longer.
 We knew something bad was in the air when cats came out.
 And the big thing about that is the CGI bumholes that all the cats had.
 Wow.
 Isn't it?
 Well, there is, is it true or not, because that is urban myth, is it true?
 It's urban myth.
 So someone tweeted, a guy called Jack Waz, and I think, I mean, that sounds like an honest
 man, doesn't it?
 Jack Waz.
 The thing is James, you go to such impeccable lengths to source all of your facts.
 Like James goes deep into newspaper archives from 200 years ago, but he will also sometimes
 throw in like, at Jack Waz, I don't know.
 At Jack Waz is the New York Times of our day.
 He said that a VFX producer, friend of a friend, was hired to get rid of the bumholes, right?
 But then the Daily Beast online magazine found a VFX person, and they said it was true.
 And they were definitely someone who worked on the show.
 And they said what had happened was actually the way the visual effects worked is they had
 a very special way of the fur being made.
 And the fur would go in little like holes, like your hair does, you know, you have walls in
 your hair.
 And so they had them on all the cats, and it just so happened that if you got them any
 of them from a certain angle, it looked like they had female genitalia or an anus.
 And they had to imply one person who basically it was their job to go through looking for
 the bumholes and then get rid of them.
 Right.
 That's insane.
 That's such a high pressure job as well.
 You've got to catch every single one, you know?
 It's true.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I put them on.
 Yeah.
 I love it.
 They could catch all of the bumholes, but not Judith and she's wedding ring, which is on
 throughout the fucking process.
 How is it?
 As like an old cat.
 So you got all of the rings, but one in the end.
 Is that good?
 Hey, I need to move us on to our next fight.
 Oh, oh.
 Oh, they just have one more thing.
 Yeah, sure, yeah.
 Alice Swift's cat, right?
 In the movie.
 She's in the film.
 Oh, no, I mean her actual cat.
 Yes.
 It's called Olivia Benson.
 And it is reportedly worth over double the net worth of her fiance.
 It's her fiance Kelsey.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But Travis Kelsey is worth a mega $40 million.
 This fucking cat is worth 97 million dollars.
 And it says that most of that wealth has come from the cat's TV commercial work and Swift's
 music videos of blank space and me.
 It's called.
 Okay.
 Where it's made all of its money.
 What's the source of it?
 Is this jacket?
 Yeah.
 I'm not buying it.
 That's very interesting.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 How awful that her cat is worth double her fiance.
 I think it's okay.
 No, it is okay.
 How many Super Bowls is he won?
 That's the thing.
 Kelsey's won a couple of Super Bowls.
 I see.
 I thought you meant Kelsey Grammer who played Frazier.
 It's just as two brothers that I can never remember which ones.
 Because I know a lot more about NFL than I do about Taylor Swift.
 Is the truth.
 So name is Kelsey.
 I understand that.
 Cool.
 Interestingly, the one only major other pop culture reference to Herbert Beerbom Tree
 is in an episode of Frazier with Kelsey Grammer.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Who would have thought that would come up?
 It's in a thing called...
 This is all scripts, you guys.
 It's in the episode Daphne's Room.
 The plot involves Frazier's retrieval of a book from her room called The Life and Times
 of Sohera Burt Beerbom Tree.
 Great.
 Anyway, moving on.
 It's great to end with a bang.
 You know?
 Actually.
 Yeah.
 So it's time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that at one of the oldest bath houses in Japan, visitors have the
 option of soaking in hot water, cold water, electric water or condom water.
 We need to call them and suggest that.
 No.
 The final one.
 There are many others, but the other one is radioactive water.
 Ooh.
 Yeah.
 People also drink this water.
 So it turns out I thought this was going to be unique to this one place in Japan, which
 is a radium onsen, an onsen as a word that means bath houses in Japan that use hot spring
 water and they take natural source water.
 And they use that.
 There's something like 25,000 hot spring sources in Japan that are used there everywhere.
 Yeah.
 And 3,000 onsen establishments all over Japan.
 So it's a real big thing there.
 And so like the electric water that you would sit in, that actually sends mild electric
 currents through the water as you're sitting in it.
 And people describe it as like being tickled by lightning as you're trying to relax.
 How relaxing.
 Yeah.
 Well, they see these baths not as necessarily completely relaxing.
 It's all about rejuvenation, it's all about health and so on.
 And so radioactive water, radium water is a thing.
 It's not bad for you, is it?
 The quantities are really, really small.
 The quantities are less than you would get if you were on a flight, for example.
 But that's flight.
 You know, we get hit by radioactive, you know, flares from space as you're on a flight.
 So James, quick jump in.
 There is radiation that comes from space and if the closer you are to it, the less space.
 Space.
 Space.
 It's a flight.
 Not Katy Perry.
 But it means you.
 But there's less of the atmosphere to block it out when your fervor up is the basics.
 But if you're on a plane all the time, it'll be bad for you.
 Like a air hostess or a pilot, for example, and it's bad for you.
 It's bad for you.
 What the hell are you talking about?
 They said that like it's safest way to travel.
 No.
 But if you live in Cornwall, there's radiation there too.
 Yeah.
 But here's some good lead box at the end of this.
 So there is radiation in Cornwall.
 Cornwall has more background radiation than anywhere else, but we all have a little bit.
 And a normal person would get two to three millisieverts of radiation in a year.
 Well, there's a place called Ramsai in a run that has the highest radiation anywhere in
 the world.
 It's because they have hot springs and radiation underground and it comes up.
 And they get 260 millisieverts per year, which is more than 100 times what a normal person
 would get.
 But actually, the cancer incidence there is lower than any of their neighbours.
 Right.
 And what people think is the people who live there, they have a higher proportion of what's
 called T cells.
 Remember in Covid, they said T cells, it's like, helped your immune system.
 And it turns out that people there have got higher proportion of T cells and it's the thing
 called Hormesis, which is the idea that very small low doses of something that would otherwise
 be harmful can actually make you stronger.
 And it is really, I mean, I'm not saying everyone should go out now and get as much radiation
 as possible.
 But it is.
 You just have a great time.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 That really is amazing.
 It's very cool.
 So as I was saying a second ago, these are massive in Japan and I was trying to find more
 information about this very specific one in Osaka.
 And the best place I could find out about it was a website called tatufriendlyonson.com.
 And this is so interesting because in Japan, when you go to an onsen, largely it's separated.
 So men will go into one place.
 One will go into another.
 You have to be naked.
 You've got to be completely naked.
 And the problem is in Japan, if you have tattoos, you're not allowed to go and show
 your tattoos in these places because of the yakuza.
 So a lot of foreigners arrive trying to go...
 Because they're the gangsters.
 Yeah.
 The mafia basically.
 Yeah.
 Who are tattoos, typically.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 And so if you arrive and you've got like, you know, like, eternity, I love cherry, whatever
 on your face.
 I love...
 It's so revealing knowing what you would have gone for, though.
 I didn't want to talk about my actual tattoos.
 Okay.
 I will.
 So, thug life across your...
 You tell me.
 They won't let you in because of the yakuza thing.
 So this website basically lists all of the onsens that you can go to and that will allow
 you in.
 Do you think the pork broth onsen would be one of those tattoo friendly ones?
 I think it might be.
 Yeah.
 This is amazing.
 This is...
 There's a place.
 Well, it's the pork broth hot tub.
 It's the Unison Spa.
 And they have a massive ramen bath, basically.
 And it's just slightly porky hot water.
 It sounds amazing.
 It's a noodles in there.
 Well, they dangle above you a huge sculpture that looks like a pair of tropsticks holding
 noodles.
 So it looks like you're about to be...
 It's like you're a soft boiled egg.
 It's like you're a...
 Yeah.
 And as you've seen my physique, that I am like a soft boiled egg, basically.
 But they've got a green tea bath.
 They've got a sake bath, which is very slightly sake.
 It's not obviously not all sake, because that'd be hugely expensive.
 They've got a coffee bath, which does not look appetising.
 Yeah.
 It looks really gross.
 It's...
 It's safe if you have the runs, isn't it?
 Oh, yes.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 That sounds...
 I'd love to go there.
 It does look cool.
 Sounds awesome.
 I have been to Anonsan, a few, in fact, in Japan.
 Really?
 There's a thing in Japan called Hadakano Sukui, which means naked camaraderie.
 And the idea is everyone gets naked.
 You're all together in a big sort of jacuzzi with no bubbles.
 And it means you're all emotionally together, open, honest.
 That's the idea behind it.
 And I must admit, I went in, ran in, had a bath.
 I just came out and went back to my room as quickly as I could.
 Oh, right.
 You didn't have any...
 Not very communal for you then.
 I don't speak Japanese.
 But there are other ways of communicating then.
 Yeah, but naked charades are the best of times is difficult.
 I'm just a harkest back to the last fact.
 You know that Andrew Lloyd Webber has a 30-person hot tub.
 That's disgusting.
 Does he?
 So it's a 30-person hot tub, meaning everyone gets a slot on the outer wall.
 I believe.
 What's the alternative?
 That it could go a bus format where it is like six by four.
 Like, what's the...
 Yeah.
 What?
 There's an aisle down the middle.
 Tickets, please.
 Chicken of fish.
 Nuts.
 No, we don't have any.
 I can just concede.
 No, I don't...
 Yeah, I don't know what...
 Yeah, I don't know.
 I think it must be...
 Everyone gets a bit of wall.
 Otherwise, you're just popping about in the middle, feeling like a...
 Like a lemon, yeah.
 I hate that bit, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Bobbing.
 Bob, in the Southern Island of Tremacutu, and it opened up, I think, in 2017.
 They'd announced it with big fanfare the year before.
 They said, "This is going to be a... actually, it wasn't a spa.
 It was a spa-themed amusement park."
 And they had released some images of, basically, a rollercoaster that's full of bath rollercoaster.
 Okay.
 What, you're in a little bath, and that's your...
 Yeah.
 You know you get in the carriage.
 Yeah.
 And it's a bath.
 Wow.
 And you're in a spa.
 So they were not sure at the time if it could be done.
 Yeah.
 It was, like, beyond the, the can of humanity, but they, they, they did it.
 So you're in a compartment that is a jacuzzi, basically?
 I think they didn't quite correct the full rollercoaster bath.
 Yeah.
 Because that would have been very heavy, obviously.
 It was spill a lot.
 It was spill a lot.
 Yeah.
 It's like an opposite log flume.
 Yeah.
 But water's in.
 If you're really unlucky, you'll be dry at the end of it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 All the people waiting on the cycle.
 Oh, hang on.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's very interesting.
 There's another one, which I wonder if that's there as well, where you have an option of
 arriving and they bury you up to your neck and sand.
 And it's quite hot sand so that you can get whatever, you know, holistic therapy.
 So have you done, have you ever done any sort of odd pampering things like this?
 Um, that you're willing to admit too?
 Yeah.
 I was quite intrigued by the beer baths that you can do.
 You know, in Europe, in like the Czech Republic, like, there's a lot, they're quite popular
 now.
 Um, it's like bathing, like, hoppy water, a bit like your ramen.
 Right, right, right.
 I wonder if you'd be interested in this, uh, this thing in Japan.
 It's the Nightingale Fese's Facial.
 Now, it's not what it sounds like.
 It's Fese's from the Japanese Bushwabler, which is not a true Nightingale.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Thank God.
 In Japanese, it's brilliantly called Uguisu No Fun.
 Right.
 And apparently anyone around you, because you stink of shit.
 Yeah.
 Apparently, Victoria Beckham is a proponent of it.
 Oh, yeah.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 That's extreme.
 I read about the, uh, the crying therapy rooms, which seems really nice.
 The whole idea is to make you a sad as you could possibly be.
 So you go in and you sit down and there's just sad movies playing on the screen and someone
 sits next to you, just going to ask really sad, isn't it?
 And then they hand you tissues as you're crying.
 Just me.
 Okay.
 Give that one some bigger.
 No, that sounds nice.
 So we've got to have a good cry.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I'd buy that.
 Just going back to Onsen.
 So these baths, would you eat an Onsen Tamago, which is a traditional Japanese egg, which
 is cooked in a Onsen?
 You put your egg in a rope net.
 You put it in the Onsen and the water is about 70 degrees and you leave it in for 30 to
 40 minutes.
 And then it's done.
 Question.
 Yeah.
 Because there are two ways of cooking eggs in water.
 Shell on and shell off.
 So are we, are we poaching this bear boy or are we?
 This is, I believe it's shell on, I think.
 Oh, fine.
 Shell on.
 Wow.
 There you go.
 The audience has spoken shell on.
 But shell on.
 In it.
 It can be in a bath.
 It's not just a water bath, like a battery, it's an actual Onsen.
 Yeah.
 But also the eggs have a unique silky custard texture.
 I bet they do.
 Yeah.
 I would eat that.
 I'm sorry.
 Can I just ask the person, was it a lady in the audience who said, "Chelon, have you
 had one of these?"
 They're really good.
 They're really good.
 There you go.
 Can't you?
 Like a poached egg.
 There's that like bit of white that never gets cooked and it's someone's like flamed
 on your plate.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It looks like a dementor in the in the water as it's boiling.
 I've never seen a poached egg that hasn't got it.
 Why do we put order this?
 It's foul.
 Oh, I love a poached egg.
 You do.
 Yeah.
 But they're just like, if it's in its wrapper, I don't mind where it's been.
 It's wrapped.
 I'd have a, I'd have a, if there was a banana, a banana in at the same time, pop that in
 the net.
 I don't mind.
 Yeah.
 Because it's been up her, up her chicken's bum, hasn't it?
 You're right.
 Let's not get fussy.
 You know.
 I wish I hadn't brought it up, I'll be honest.
 It's good.
 But I just want the other weird sparking.
 There was that bullseemon hair treatment, right?
 Okay.
 I don't need about this in Chelsea.
 No?
 In Chelsea?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 It was a hair mask, basically, in like 2008, 2009.
 Hair mask?
 Yeah.
 It was this place called Harry's Salon in Chelsea, and it offered a 45-minute Aberdeen organic
 hair treatment, which was Aberdeen Angus, like good quality, bull come stuff, which women
 would like, I don't know, I guess, would pay like a lot of money to have, like, lathered over
 their hair.
 Yep.
 And would just like sit with it for 45 minutes, and apparently it was amazing.
 Really?
 And it made their hair silky and smooth, and...
 But I have made head-in shoulders two in one shampoo and conditioner, and that makes
 my hair silky and smooth.
 Andy, are there levels of silkeness and smoothness that I've not matched yet?
 You haven't lived.
 I can imagine one of these women from Chelsea going into the countryside afterwards
 and walking through a field, and all the female cows are like, "Do you smell something?"
 Yeah.
 Well, it's funny to say that, because the people that ran this salon told the Metro a new
 story, these pervert fraudsters, yeah, it's gone.
 These quacks said to the Metro that the seamen is refrigerated before use and doesn't smell.
 I mean, it is come, but it's not, you know...
 It's not going to stay refrigerated.
 That's the problem.
 The body heat is going to cause that to warm up.
 Yeah, but it's 45 minutes a minute.
 Look at, like, eating an egg from a buffoon of people, like, what do you mean?
 Look at all.
 We do need to move on to our next factory, do we?
 No!
 Yeah, but we ran again.
 We didn't even touch...
 I've got the dreams of engineering stuff about how the Fukushima reactor dealt with its
 water after the terrible incident there.
 But I'll save it, I'll save it.
 You save it.
 It's fascinating.
 They built an underground wall with the ice.
 Oh, he's going for it.
 He's moving on.
 OK, we do need to move on.
 So it is time for fact number three.
 And that is...
 Oh, it's Andy.
 So, after the terrible incident at Fukushima, the engineers there pulled off a miracle, a miracle
 of preventing the radioactive.
 So they've got...
 Imagine a 1.5 kilometer radio circle.
 Oh!
 30 meters underground filled with frozen brine.
 Get off your phone!
 Come on!
 Help your phone!
 I can't start against shock of its 2 seconds.
 OK.
 Anyway.
 Sorry.
 My fact is, the first named man who sent a letter bomb only invented it to get back at people
 who had rejected all his other ideas for inventions.
 So...
 This is...
 Very funny.
 I love this guy.
 He's a very interesting historical figure.
 His name was Martin Eckenberg, and I was on the website of the Clapham Society, which
 is a great website, all about Clapham, which is a part of South London where I used
 to live.
 He was a Swedish scientist, Martin Eckenberg, born in 1870.
 He was kind of, he was gifted inventor in some ways.
 His ideas were decent, but the other problem that he had, personally, was that he was a liar,
 he was a cheat.
 He claimed qualifications he didn't have.
 He'd been kicked out of Sweden's Royal Institute of Technology, specifically for cheating.
 He was a badden.
 He was a badden.
 He was a badden.
 Fucking legend.
 So...
 Free thinker.
 Outside the box, kind of a liar.
 But still, this didn't hold him back that much, because he moved to one of the nicest houses
 in Clapham.
 It was this really beautiful mansion he moved to.
 That's not the point of the fact.
 It's been replaced by flats now, so you can't go and visit it, but if you would, that's
 weird, and you should be on a terror list.
 And then in 1905, if you thought, right, I'm going to get revenge on everyone who's turned
 down my ideas along the way, who turned me down for finance.
 I am going to get back at you, and he's so basically created, started making his own
 letter bombs, and there were packages sent through the post to harm people before, but I think
 he's the first name sort of, you know, like, prosecuted.
 I think it was a bit unfair.
 So like the first person that he really sent it to was a guy called London, who ran this
 company.
 It was like an engineering company, and Eckenberg had invented something that could turn
 fish oil into engine oil, and he thought it was going to make his millions, but it failed.
 And so he thought, well, I'm going to get this guy, London.
 So the reason it failed is because the oil still smelled a fish.
 So like if people put it in the cars, the cars smelled a fish.
 Right.
 I suppose if people are harries and get that sent removed, like the bullseamon.
 Well, no, the ships that was going to be used on ships, which have fish, obviously.
 That's true.
 Heads of the phrase, fish and ships.
 But yeah, that.
 And then this guy, London, opens the packet, and it said, I read an article in the newspaper
 that said, "It rumbled and shook like thunder." The director felt as if he had been hit by lightning
 or tickled by lightning.
 An intense flame burst out the box and burned his hands, arms, chest and face terribly.
 And his clothes went on fire.
 And the next day he got a postcard saying, "A former employee has decided that you're ripe
 for the picking."
 Yes.
 What's interesting is that it's not as if he sent it from the post in the UK, which would
 be more traceable.
 He went by boat, back to Sweden, he assembled it there, sent it there and then went back home.
 So he really covered up his tracks.
 But then he still set a postcard with his writing identifiable on it to the person he'd
 just...
 Yeah.
 I mean, he was caught for various quite stupid things like that.
 Yeah.
 Can I just rescind that I thought he was good?
 No, no.
 There's another thing as well, James, see if you still think he's good.
 So when he was arrested, he claimed innocence, and then he, according to the New York Times,
 he lost his reason and was taken to an asylum.
 He died two months later, after his arrest, of what they said was apoplexy.
 But the head of the Swedish detective service said that if he'd been sent back to Sweden,
 he would have also been tried for murdering his two wives.
 Oh.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 No.
 Are you feeling sorry about that?
 Let's get a live reaction from Jamie Morden sitting right here.
 Sounds fine.
 Yeah.
 Not too sure.
 What appears to have happened is he poisoned his first two wives, and then he bribed the
 prison guards to get him the same poison which he then took himself.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And interestingly today, if you go to the police museum and stock home, there's a giant wax
 work, like a replica, human-sized wax replica of him standing there, and not only that, they
 have a bunch of things that were to do with the case.
 So one of the bombings, which was sent to the Swedish Export Society, was opened up by
 a man called John Hammer, and John Hammer's thumb was blown off as part of opening the
 scene.
 And if you go to the police museum and stock home, you can see the wax work of Morden Eckenberg,
 and then you can see the actual thumb of John Hammer.
 Thumbs up or thumbs down.
 It's the...
 Yeah.
 It wasn't happy.
 It's a definite thumbs down for me.
 Yeah.
 So it's very, very grim guy.
 But it was an innovator of sorts.
 And as I say, people had been sending devices designed to hurt other people through the
 post for ages, you know.
 So the very first one was a thing called the band box plot.
 People were very worried about the week party in the, I think, 18th century, and supposedly
 that party were involved in some attempts to assassinate people.
 Get this.
 The very first ever thing sent through the post designed to harm someone, this band box plot,
 was a box full of, I think, there's three pistols, but when you open it, they all go off
 at you.
 Wow.
 I know.
 And it was...
 Oh, my God.
 This is the story that it was thwarted by Jonathan Swift.
 Well, the author of the travels, because he was a political figure as well, and he supposedly
 noticed a thread on the box and cut it before opening it.
 Oh, so he's the first red wire blue wire cut moment that we've ever had for a bomb.
 Yeah.
 Pretty cool.
 And we talk about his books instead.
 No, yeah.
 But Eckenberg was the first of a kind of new wave where Gump Outer had been invented.
 The post had improved things like that.
 And so there were anarchists, people very, very worried about anarchists with their kind
 of cartoon-style bombs that they'd be throwing.
 Yeah.
 And he also invented a way to freeze dry milk, which is kind of similar to what we have today.
 So like, you know, instant custard, we wouldn't have it without him.
 Really?
 Well, Eckenberg.
 Wow.
 Jamie, you want to change your...
 Because you're going off him, but I know you don't mind custard, do you know?
 You don't have a bit of custard.
 I mean, you know, I'm...
 Because of 50/50.
 It requires people.
 I'll tell you why I think he's not a complete villain.
 So interesting, which Hills people choose to die on.
 I find that really fascinating.
 I just kind of love the fact that like through revenge he invented something that was actually,
 I mean, not a good thing, but was like a thing.
 This silver lining is slimming down all the time.
 I got to say.
 So it was for revenge, but he did invent something really bad.
 Well, maybe this is how my mind works. I mean, I got quite heavily into revenge during my
 researching of this.
 So I was like, what else has revenge kind of created?
 And the rotary telephone is one thing that revenge has created.
 Yeah.
 Because there was a guy called Alman Stroudger, and he was an undertaker in the late 19th century
 in Kansas City.
 They were all manual switchboards at that point, obviously.
 And he thought that the switchboard operators were deliberately fiddling with his connections,
 because--
 Wait, so you would call up and say, patch me through to this person, right?
 And he was convinced that this was being meddled with, because the other undertakers across
 the town, I think their wife worked at the phone company, so someone dies, you put them
 through to--
 Right.
 To the rival.
 And yeah, exactly.
 So they were getting all the work.
 So what's going on here?
 And so he invented the rotary telephone to cut out the--
 What's the one where you dial with it?
 Yeah, so you could dial it yourself.
 That is amazing.
 That's great.
 It's not amazing.
 Right.
 Revenge.
 But not all bad.
 Okay.
 It's like those spite houses.
 You know, spite houses.
 And it's just so cool that something that you build to screw someone over ends up being
 worth more than the house that--
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I just love stuff like that.
 Just jumping back to Letterbombs for a second, I've discovered that the former prime minister--
 well, a very long former prime minister, Anthony Eden.
 So prime minister of England, he was almost killed by Letterbombs.
 Is that so?
 Yeah.
 And this was prior to him being prime minister.
 It was when he was foreign secretary, and someone had hand-delivered a Letterbombs.
 He took it, but he thought, ah, this looks a bit boring.
 So he put it in his briefcase, and he had it for 24 hours.
 He went home.
 He didn't open it.
 He just had a whole day of not opening it.
 And then Scotland got--
 A letter looked boring.
 Yeah, he thought it looked like a circular, like it looked like something that might have been
 dropped off.
 Oh, yeah.
 And it was a generic thing.
 Yeah.
 And so then Scotland Yard got in contact and said, we're worried that something might have
 been sent to you that is a bomb.
 And he still didn't look at it.
 And it was his secretary who eventually went, that might be a bomb, and then--
 And it was.
 And so it was just purely his absolute boredom towards this letter that--
 Because that was an interesting letter he ever received.
 And that's the thing is, they're designed to go off when you open them, aren't they?
 So you can carry them around.
 Yeah.
 And it's fine.
 So, for instance, you're told that if you work in a government office and they might
 happen, a lot of people, when they get a letter that they're not sure about, they put
 it in water.
 Because they think that's what you're supposed to do with a bomb, but you're absolutely not
 supposed to put it in water.
 Because some of the explosives will explode if you put them in a big--
 Is that so?
 I also renders the letter completely illegible.
 Exactly.
 I've got stupid idea.
 There are some tips.
 There are some useful tips, actually.
 So warning signs include, excess postage.
 Like, why is someone spending so much money on their parcel?
 Because you don't want to risk it getting returned to you, do you?
 Right.
 No return address.
 So the really clever bombers will leave the return address off.
 I think I would put the return address as my number two nemesis.
 Yeah, nice.
 Such a good idea.
 Yeah.
 Such a good idea.
 Number two.
 What have you got?
 It's a long old list.
 He's doing this.
 He's doing this.
 Bad spelling.
 Oh.
 Because a lot of-- I mean, a lot of people sending these things are not the-- maybe.
 I'm going to say, like, off letter bombs.
 They're not the brightest buttons.
 Really?
 Yeah, bad spelling.
 Because they've just constructed a bomb.
 It feels like you've got a basic--
 Get one.
 What are you doing?
 They might have studied the sciences and not the humanities.
 Yes, that's the point.
 There are so many kinds of intelligence.
 Addressed personal, confidential, or do not x-ray.
 That's wrong.
 And the final one, just for any of that have slipped through those many holes
 in the Swiss cheese, ticking sounds, protruding wires.
 OK, yeah.
 Or aluminium foil.
 Or if it says "acme bomb" on the front.
 If it's dropped off by a coyote who looks pleased with himself, that's another one.
 I did read.
 There was a-- what's the name of the journalist, Slasov Zizek?
 Slasov Zizek.
 Yeah, so he wrote this piece.
 And the opening anecdote of the piece at the top winner in the contest
 for the greatest blunder of 1998 was a Latin American patriotic terrorist
 who sent a letter bomb to a US consulate in order to protest against America
 interfering local politics.
 As a conscientious citizen, he wrote his return address on the envelope.
 However, he did not put enough stamps on it.
 So that post was returned to him, forgetting he'd put it in.
 He opened it and blew himself up.
 He did, and he did what James said.
 Yeah.
 Now, who knows if that's apocryphal, but it's--
 What's his name?
 All the fingerprints of Jack Waz, anyway, near this.
 I'll tell you what, that's the first time Jack Waz and Slasov Zizek
 have been mentioned in the same sentence together.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 It is time for our final fact of the show, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that there is currently a scandal in Thailand
 after at least a dozen supposedly celibate monks
 admitted to having sex with a woman called Mrs. Golf.
 James, you're a keen golfer.
 That's how I found this.
 I was googling gol.
 No, no, no.
 No, I just read this in the news, and I thought it's very amusing.
 It is a lot of senior monks.
 I mean, not amusing, if you're a monk,
 because obviously a lot of them have lost their livelihoods,
 including some as high ranking as frat dep,
 which means angelic level.
 So this goes to the very, very top.
 And it turns out they've been having relationships
 with this woman, who's called Mrs. Golf,
 and they've been transferring money to her.
 And they've found this lady, and they've found
 over 80,000 photos of naked monks on her phone.
 How do they know they're monks?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry to quibble.
 I reckon there's a way.
 You reckon there's a way?
 It's probably a way.
 I reckon there's a way.
 Probably it's the hair style down there.
 It's like a tontia.
 It's like a tontia.
 80,000 is a lot.
 Not necessarily all different monks.
 They could have been--
 I don't even know if I have that amount of storage on my phone
 for 80,000 photos.
 Yes, what was her data plan like?
 This is really interesting.
 Is she in the cloud?
 She's using the cloud.
 So yeah, and the reason she's called Mrs. Golf
 is because this is like common in Thailand
 for people to have little short nicknames.
 And you're kind of given them as a child by your parents.
 And they don't really mean anything.
 It might be that this person's parents love golf,
 but more likely, they just take a Western word that kind
 of sounds fun or trendy or whatever.
 And they just call that.
 The most famous Thai person in the world probably
 is Lisa from Blackpink.
 And her nickname is Pockpack.
 Lisa from Blackpink, the band.
 So it's just like--
 [LAUGHTER]
 James, earlier in the show, I thought Taylor Swift
 was getting married to Kelsey Grammar.
 So let's just modulate--
 like, what we think I'm going to know.
 So they're just--
 mostly just sounds, or they might be little words
 from other languages, but it's just like a little nickname.
 But people go by it in real life.
 Like, as adults, you might still be known as that nickname.
 Yeah.
 But so this is an unbelievably fascinating story.
 This one woman went around so many of these different monasteries
 and managed to talk in what were effectively--
 I'm assuming, celibate monks--
 into engaging, not only in sex, but also having photos taken.
 And the top monks, some of them, have fled the country.
 We don't know quite where they are.
 And they haven't said why they've done that.
 They're now investigating 300,000 other Buddhist monks
 in Thailand off the back of this to see whether or not
 they're involved.
 And she got a lot of money off the back of this.
 Was her own extortion?
 Sort of, I'll release the photos.
 So the photos would be shown back to them,
 and then they would have to pay money.
 And a lot of the monks have been acquitted
 where the police have decided that actually you just
 gave her money because she was pleading for the money
 and didn't engage in sexual activity.
 And trust me.
 But you know how much money, allegedly,
 she has netted the equivalent of $11.9 million from this.
 There's a lot of money in munking, isn't there?
 Isn't there?
 Yeah, that's a bigger career than I thought.
 Like, no, my career advisor did not say,
 have you considered becoming a monk?
 And I think it's quite a big deal.
 In Thailand, because if you're a Buddhist,
 you think that if someone becomes a monk,
 then they kind of automatically sort of
 develop this strong resistance to temptation
 and that kind of thing.
 And so to find out that they haven't
 was quite a big deal for a lot of people.
 Yeah.
 I think this is very interesting, because I
 started reading about, by the way, James,
 there's a very hard factor, Google, like naughty monks.
 And naughty nuns is actually even worse.
 It's an even harder legit Google.
 But basically, there was a lot of this in the 16th century
 in England, because monks and nuns and monasteries and nunneries
 were seen as hoppets of sin.
 And the idea was they're all on the take.
 They're all selling, pardoning for sins, that kind of thing.
 Like, they're all, and they're all shacking up.
 And there were some institutions--
 Cancer Reformation.
 Cancer Reformation, right.
 But I think we've all been conned into thinking
 that monks and nuns are inherently sort of naughty figures,
 because they're absolutely not.
 And I think we fall off a Henry VIII era propaganda.
 And I'm blowing the lid off this.
 Not enough people talk about it, but I'm not afraid to.
 I'd just like to reference the paper by Christian Knudsen,
 Sodomitic monks and other dissolution myths,
 the late medieval monastic decline narrative revisited.
 And it is a belting read.
 It's really good.
 And it's-- can you tell us more about the Fukushima
 disaster?
 But like, Henry VIII wanted to dissolve the monasteries.
 Because they owned a huge proportion of English land.
 There was so wealthy.
 And Henry VIII thought I'm going to discredit
 ecclesiastical institutions any way I can.
 And every monastery in England, in 1535 and '65,
 got a visit from bureaucrats who were trying to record
 every dubious incidence of behavior by a monk or a nun
 they could.
 And there were some cases--
 absolutely, there were some cases
 where monks had been playing the field or whatever it is.
 But they also-- they had to come up with new crimes.
 So they found dozens of instances
 recorded of voluntary pollution, which
 is just sort of playing with yourself.
 But it's not-- in one priori, West Acres, 76% of the monks
 were labeled incontinent by which they mean
 romantically incontinent.
 But 10 of those 13 were for just enjoying
 some sort of cowl billiards.
 And so it's not cow-- the cow goes in your head, doesn't it?
 You know what I mean?
 Hardly ever.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I just think it's really interesting.
 And I think we shouldn't fall for it.
 OK, well, we won't.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But also, I'm a Catholic.
 I mean, you know, lapsed Catholic.
 Like, you can do anything if you say sorry.
 That's like the point.
 Yes.
 But actually--
 The penance was quite severe, where it could be.
 So Richard Gray, one man called Richard Gray in Medieval England,
 he was found guilty of having sex with a nun.
 And he was sentenced to being flogged while walking
 around Stanford Church on four Sundays in a row,
 carrying a candle while dressed only in linen garments.
 And then he had to make a barefoot pilgrimage
 to Lincoln Cathedral, from where?
 Wherever he lived.
 Wow, that's a movable feast of a punishment, isn't it?
 I just want to feed you all right.
 I'm going to get a flat just outside Lincoln.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, that was quite a mess for me to not say
 where he actually lived in my notes.
 But then--
 And then after that, he didn't do what he was supposed to do,
 and they've excommunicated him.
 But in those days, being excommunicated
 was a big, old deal.
 Right.
 Because it means you can't go to heaven,
 but also means you can't be baptized.
 Means you can't get married.
 You can't do all sorts of different things.
 Yeah, and actually, quite often,
 the women were punished more than the men.
 So two that happened quite close to each other,
 a guy called Nicholas Plymouth, was a monk who
 has committed adultery with a Tanner's wife.
 And he was ordered to remain silent for one week.
 And around the same time, someone
 called Alice Longspray was sentenced
 to a year of strict confinement after an affair
 with a priest.
 It's double standards.
 So it is double standards, yeah.
 Yeah.
 James, you've spent time in Bhutan.
 I have.
 Did you ever hear of the thunderbolt of flaming wisdom
 while you were out there?
 That's what they still call me, then.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I wonder when the thunderbolt of flaming wisdom
 is going to return.
 So it's referring to amongst penis,
 but--
 [LAUGHTER]
 So a question who your real friends were out there.
 But it was strange that they yelled at me at the streets.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is that right?
 There was this guy, Druckper Cunley, and he was in the 1400s.
 Yeah, I'd been to his church.
 You've been to his church.
 So he was interesting, because he
 was known as the Saint of 5,000 women.
 He was a fertility saint.
 The idea was he thought sex should
 be incorporated into reaching enlightenment.
 And so--
 Oh, right.
 So classic.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, you would meet the thunderbolt of flaming wisdom
 as part of your hello to him, basically.
 And he was liked, but mad as fuck.
 Like, people genuinely thought he was.
 And what I--
 It's known as like the Holy Mad Man or something like that.
 Yeah.
 And he introduced this idea, which still
 goes on in various bits of Bhutan today,
 which is that if you're setting up a new house
 and you need it to be blessed, you would basically
 graffiti, fallists, put dig picks, all over--
 like draw a penis, all over the walls.
 Did you see any--
 Well, yeah, yeah, they're on every house, has them.
 Yeah.
 In this particular town where he was from.
 And also, if you go into his church,
 priest comes up to you with a giant fallace
 and sort of touches you as if you'd
 been knighted by the queen.
 Rise.
 Did you have that?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Cool.
 Arise.
 If it's on every house, can you put it on a semi?
 Sorry.
 Go on.
 Well, so it's pretty fascinating.
 It sounds like modern Bhutan really
 is for the people who are less connected to that,
 slightly embarrassed by the fact that penises are everywhere.
 I'll be honest, they take every tourist there.
 Right, OK.
 Because it is, like, it's Instagram central, you know,
 like lots of houses with penises on them.
 Yeah, interesting.
 Yeah.
 But I did also play golf with my monks.
 So I say my monks, like, the monks take you around
 the same time.
 You're not allowed to just walk around.
 They give you a couple of monks who kind of take you
 everywhere.
 And I asked if I could play golf.
 And apparently, no one really asked that.
 But I was in the Himalayas, so they
 has really thin, so the ball goes miles.
 Oh, but if you get it wrong.
 Surely.
 Yeah.
 And also today, I've learned that I
 got a very high dose of radiation that day.
 And then I did karaoke with them, as well, with the monks.
 Like, all the monks came together in a bar in the evening.
 And they went with them.
 And we-- and sang karaoke.
 What was that go-to song?
 Come on, come on.
 I sang it in Bhutanese, so I didn't really understand it.
 What did they sing?
 They were all the songs were in Bhutanese.
 I will survive.
 Got to be I will survive.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Do you want to know something cool about the first century
 St. Thecla?
 Yes, please.
 Yes, please.
 This was sent in by a listener, actually.
 Listen to Kat Brinker.
 So thanks Kat for this.
 This is the first century St. Thecla.
 She is the unofficial patron saint of computers and the internet.
 Can you work out why?
 It's going to be sex-connected, presumably.
 Nope.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But you said it was to do with the internet.
 No, I know.
 I know.
 What did the first century monk have to do with computers
 and the internet?
 She liked cats.
 That's a really good one.
 That's very close.
 She was very racist all the time.
 No.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's because her name Thecla sounds like the Spanish word for a key on a keyboard.
 Thecla.
 Oh, OK.
 Thecla.
 You've not just wasted their time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Unbelievable.
 If you'd like to know some other grabs of the word Thecla, I've got loads.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 We've got to wrap up.
 We need to wrap up our show.
 What is for the shame?
 [LAUGHTER]
 However, before we wrap up tonight, so we've got one last thing to do, which is our brilliant
 giant sperm donor over there is going to come on stage.
 You could have quit.
 It's going to arrive on stage.
 And, James, you're going to be hosting a quiz, right?
 Yes, I am.
 Yes, so is it James as well?
 Come on up, James.
 What we're going to do is we're going to do a little quiz and we're going to put you up
 against Jamie Martin.
 How well do you know those things are fish, James?
 Very well, yeah.
 Yes, Jamie?
 Not at all.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, I've been on it three times, three or four times, and that's it.
 OK.
 These questions will not refer to any time you were on the show, Jamie.
 But I do know you guys, so in theory, it should balance out.
 Absolutely, because the quiz is going to be things that we have mentioned about ourselves
 on the podcast.
 I'm going to say a statement that one of us has said, and it's up to you to decide which
 of us said it.
 Now, Jamie, if you don't remember our names, just point at us.
 Great.
 OK.
 The guy in the hat.
 Can I confer?
 No.
 Because Dan will--
 No.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Dan knows it's so less than me.
 So what we're going to do is we're going to do three questions, because one of the questions
 I have is something that we've just mentioned on the podcast today.
 So I can't do that one.
 We'll do three each.
 Hopefully it won't be a tie.
 That's all I could say.
 So first of all, this is to you, James.
 OK.
 Which of us, on those six fingers of fish, it can't be Anna.
 It's going to be me and the Ordan.
 Which of us said, I slept in a church for a fortnight?
 James.
 Me?
 Yeah.
 It was not me.
 Dan, was it you?
 I don't think so.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I really hope this is you and the otherwise the whole quiz has gone to shit.
 But, was it you?
 Yeah, I think it was.
 Yeah.
 It was me.
 It was Andy.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You think it was--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Something you'd remember.
 It was me.
 It was me.
 Two weeks, living in a church.
 Not living.
 Sleeping?
 Sleeping?
 Right.
 You're resting?
 Yeah.
 It was a charity thing.
 It was fun.
 Yeah.
 memorable.
 Cool.
 He's got 80,000 photos of the priest to prove it.
 So, Andy, are you going to do the scars for us?
 I have to keep score and hold a microphone in one hand.
 I'm not sure I can.
 Did anybody got that one?
 OK, so the score is?
 Love all.
 Great.
 Yep.
 OK, question number two.
 This is for Jamie.
 Which of us said this?
 Before I moved to London, I was heavily involved in the hedge community.
 Which was, was into hedges.
 Hedge community.
 Yeah.
 Do I look like a man who's into hedges?
 I'm going to be honest and say you do.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But what a lovely pastime.
 Just to make it fair, I'll say Andy.
 Andy, have you ever not lived in London?
 No.
 Oh.
 It was me.
 What's the story, James?
 There's no story.
 I just liked hedges.
 No, I got, I lived in the countryside and someone came around and said,
 would you be interested in giving us some money for hedges?
 And I said, no.
 And they said, what about time?
 And I felt so bad that I spent a lot of time fixing hedges.
 Cutting hedges.
 Not cutting them.
 Not cutting them.
 Just sort of going around asking people to pay money.
 Oh.
 Oh, that sounds like a pyramid scheme.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, this one is for you, James.
 Yeah.
 OK, who said this?
 I have an unbeatable arm wrestling technique.
 But can't do it anymore due to injuries.
 Oh, I'm going to go for Dan.
 It's a few murmurs of yes in the audience.
 Dan, how's your arm wrestling?
 Pretty damn good.
 But can anyone beat you?
 Uh, yeah.
 So many people.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Andy, there's no point asking you, is there?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Does anyone truly think it's Andy?
 Andy, was it you?
 I don't know.
 No, it wasn't.
 It's me.
 It's me, my arm.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Wow.
 It's just a trick you stand on the right part of the table and you can't lose.
 Anyway.
 How did you injury-- how did you-- how do you--
 I guess a very good arm wrestler.
 Oh, it wasn't.
 It wasn't, it wasn't.
 You can also rip a yellow pages book in half, just like on the spot.
 It's really exciting.
 But they've stopped making those books now.
 So yellow pages.
 Boomer.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Now all my phone numbers are on my phone and you can't rip that in half.
 No.
 OK, whichever said this, I got married--
 sorry, this is for Jamie and Andy Watt's score.
 I think you just got one right, didn't you, James?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I think James is what--
 James is what--
 I think.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This is how I got new to my scoring.
 James is one no ahead.
 Final answer.
 Is this someone scoring my scoring, please?
 There's an absolute shambles.
 OK.
 Jamie Martin, who said this?
 I got married in a room where the Earl of Sandwich invented the sandwich.
 Now, were you any of our weddings?
 No, I didn't get-- I knew you before you were--
 Oh, no, you didn't.
 We knew each other.
 It became happy.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We knew each other, and I had two weddings.
 And not invited to either, thanks.
 We were friends, though.
 We knew each other, but we weren't like--
 That's right.
 And the same wife, by the way.
 I just want to point that out.
 We won a free wedding in a magazine.
 And then so we had our first wedding, and then we did a second wedding two days later.
 It was insane.
 And was it anywhere near the other sandwich?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I can't remember.
 We definitely had sandwich.
 That's kind of the other thing.
 What's going on?
 OK, sorry.
 So someone got married near the room where the Earl of Sandwich invented the sandwich.
 I'm hearing--
 I'm not going to say Andy.
 OK.
 Andy, what's it you?
 Certainly was.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Very nice.
 I ran the applause.
 Thanks.
 Yeah.
 For a completely random one in three guests.
 I think they just happy that he's married.
 I think it was for--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry, ladies.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK.
 I like the room where the Earl of Sandwich invented the sandwich.
 Amazing.
 And was that a deliberate choice?
 Did you choose it because of the sandwich connection?
 Of course.
 Yeah.
 Is this marriage right at the end of the two-week sleepover that you had in the show?
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK.
 So what's the score, Andy?
 One all.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I'm so sure of it.
 I'm really happy.
 OK.
 The next question.
 Four James.
 This is your last question, in fact.
 Oh, God.
 Who said this on the podcast?
 As a child, people always told me I smelled of milk.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It sounds ridiculous, but I'm going to go for down again.
 Daniel Shriver.
 As a child, did everyone tell you that you smelled of milk?
 They sure did.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [APPLAUSE]
 Expand, explain.
 We'll have a sniff and see if I'm still--
 I try to.
 No, that's bullsemen.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Famously odeless.
 OK.
 Final question for Jamie.
 And it's two-one.
 It's two-one.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Please get this wrong.
 Who on the podcast said this?
 I love to watch Oprah Winfrey clips of military homecoming
 videos to make myself cry.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I actually need to go.
 But this has been really fun.
 You're looking at three very emotionally sensitive men.
 Clearly.
 Could be anyone.
 Four.
 Oprah Winfrey.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Thank you.
 James, it was not me.
 I have never cried in my life.
 Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Are you the funsome cryer?
 Nope.
 Daniel Shriver.
 Huh?
 Shut up, whatever.
 Yes, OK.
 I watch Oprah Winfrey clips and cry.
 There's one where someone bought her shoes and they stand in them
 so they could feel like Oprah.
 It's so emotional.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK.
 So that's the end of the quiz.
 I do believe.
 Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Do we have a winner?
 We do.
 And it's James.
 The winner!
 James!
 Ladies and gentlemen!
 [APPLAUSE]
 Well, James, we're very excited to announce that we forgot
 what prize to get you.
 And therefore, we'll take your details and give you something later.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But for now, for everyone in the room, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 Thank you for everyone who has joined us around the world
 on the livestream.
 We are all found on our online accounts.
 You can get us on Instagram.
 I'm there.
 I'm on @ShriverLand.
 James.
 I'm on TikTok.
 No, since James Harkin.
 Andy.
 I need to go up Mrs. Golf.
 [LAUGHTER]
 80,000 photos on his grid.
 It's insane.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's too much, mate.
 It's too much.
 And Jamie.
 Uncle Ego.
 It's weird.
 Don't worry.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK.
 And if you want to send us any of your facts,
 you can do that as well by going to podcast@QI.com.
 So send us facts.
 Send us anything that you heard in this episode
 that you want to talk about.
 We take it all and we bring it to our special secret room,
 which is part of Club Fish.
 We got any Club Fish members here?
 [CHEERING]
 Six.
 OK.
 Everybody.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But we will read them out there as part of our Mailbag Specials.
 So do do that.
 Go online.
 Find out if we're coming to a town near you with more live shows.
 But otherwise, come back here next week for more of our actual show.
 It's all free.
 Come and do that.
 Thank you so much.
 Everyone for being here tonight.
 London podcast festival.
 That was awesome.
 We will see you again.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
