 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (audience cheering)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast,
 this week coming to you live from Auckland.
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schriver.
 I'm sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again,
 we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favourite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that the German order of temperance
 was founded in 1600, and members had to pledge
 to drink no more than 14 glasses of wine a day.
 (audience laughing)
 - Do you think you find that tough, Anna?
 - I think, so long as that only means like before 6 p.m.,
 that's vaguely generous, isn't it?
 - Yeah, look, there are a couple of extra rules,
 but I think you could handle it, Anna.
 I think it would be fine.
 So it's, this comes from a 1925 book called
 The Standard Encyclopedia of the Alcohol Problem.
 Just a little light bedside reading for me.
 (laughing)
 I found in that there was a reference to an 1872 paper,
 so all of this is quite a way distant.
 The records of the society itself, obviously 400 years ago,
 not very easy to find, but basically,
 there was terrible drunkenness in the 16th century,
 all over the place, and the rules of the temperance
 society were, look, firstly, never get drunk.
 That's rule one.
 - Yeah.
 - Rule two, you can only have seven glasses
 of wine at a meal.
 (audience laughing)
 - Rule three, you can only have two meals a day.
 - Okay, so they didn't mind you drinking a little bit.
 I think that's the idea, isn't it?
 'Cause temperance is like to temper your drinking.
 So they weren't banning drinking,
 they were just trying to make you drink less.
 - And even if you had your 14 glasses,
 even if you then wanted a bit of wine to help you sleep,
 you weren't allowed it.
 It was very strict.
 - Even if you have another meal.
 - Even if you have another meal.
 - Oh, God.
 - When they started doing things like,
 "Okay, why don't we cut out certain bits of alcohol?"
 So they set up a brewery for people who didn't wanna drink,
 hasn't, didn't wanna drink spirits, but only beer.
 So they would go there instead.
 And then very slowly it would sort of morph into,
 "Let's just maybe not drink at all.
 Maybe we'll just stop it now."
 - And it was also, wasn't it?
 The evil that was alcohol wasn't really wine and beer.
 For a long time, it was spirits.
 And actually a lot of beer especially,
 but wine a little bit was promoted as temperance drinking.
 I think Guinness was promoted quite a lot
 of temperance drink in the 1700s.
 'Cause spirits distilled liquor
 was thought to be the evil thing.
 And actually temperance, I didn't realize.
 It may be slightly more sympathetic towards it.
 Had a bit of a socialist undertone
 because all the distilled liquor was all sold
 by landowners who were exploiting their peasants
 working on their land because they were the only people
 who could grow all that liquor.
 And so by being a teetotaler
 and the only drinking 14 glasses of wine a day,
 you were sticking it to the landlords.
 - We're glasses a lot.
 You know how people were smaller back.
 Yeah, we're glasses smaller back.
 - People were not as much smaller as the glasses were.
 This was not a--
 - It wasn't relative.
 - I know we're the land of the hobbits here, but--
 (laughing)
 - But so they were smaller glasses.
 - Glasses were way smaller.
 This would have been an insane glut.
 The glass I'm pointing at now would have been
 a demented volume in the 16th century.
 People would have freaked out.
 They would have said that that's a bucket.
 - Okay.
 - They weren't genuinely--
 - Would that be all 14 of your glasses, do you think?
 - This would probably be a few of them.
 And for anyone listening at home,
 this is not a lot of wine at my glass.
 I think it's easy to say picture a wine glass
 with some wine in it.
 That's what Andy's got.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - Okay.
 It's not a lot.
 I'm fine.
 And I can stop any time I like, okay?
 (laughing)
 - The rules that I think you sent round a source
 with all the rules of this original temperate society.
 There are some other really good ones,
 but one of them was that the society wanted to ban
 the practice of drinking to people's health.
 Cheers.
 Here's to you, sir.
 Et cetera.
 Because that promoted drinking in it,
 it got to a stage where you'd promote everyone's health
 around the table.
 And by the time you'd started talking,
 then everyone's had 15 pints.
 So I was wondering about toasting.
 And do you know why it's called toasting?
 - Ooh.
 - Well, it was always about putting toast
 in the beer or something.
 - There was.
 I think we probably haven't mentioned before
 that people used to put soaked toast in their beer.
 But I liked, and this is just a theory about
 why it was called toasting from 1837,
 a thing I stumbled on.
 This was in Tatler.
 He said toasting, as a word, comes from the 1660s
 when a beautiful lady was bathing in one of the baths
 at Baths, Baths Bar, town in the UK.
 And the men around were all admiring her as she bathed.
 So far, so good.
 One of them dipped his cup into the water,
 'cause it's like health-giving waters at Baths Bar.
 So one of them dips his cup into the water,
 holds it up and says, cheers, here's to the health of the lady.
 And another person who's described in the source
 as a gay fellow half-fuddled,
 which I think he's absolutely hammered,
 swore he was going to jump in the water
 because though he did not like the liquor,
 he would have the toast.
 Well, I believe in this instance was the lady.
 So the toast, when you're doing a toast,
 is the naked woman bathing in the pool of wine before you.
 - Is that a slang term for a hot lady?
 - No, it was because, as James said,
 they used to drink their beer with a bit of toast in it.
 - So we did come from that.
 This is just a sort of fun riff on the...
 - No, no, but this says that's why we call it a toast,
 because someone drank to the health using the water,
 and then someone made the toast gag, very funny, at the time.
 - 'Cause I was thinking,
 is it related to the term crumpet for someone who's attractive?
 But is that... - Oh, yes.
 - That's not that, is it?
 - I'm sure you could make a case.
 - The Temperance Movement in Glasgow.
 That was an interesting one, 'cause it banned barmaids.
 It said, "We've worked out what the problem is.
 "These men are getting incredibly drunk.
 "It must be the fault of the barmaids."
 - So are these crumpets that we're toasting?
 Get them out of here.
 - Basically, the idea was men would dally in the bar,
 'cause they wanted to talk to the barmaids.
 - Yeah, makes sense.
 - Yeah, I mean, and if you let a woman into a pub also,
 they're at risk of being exposed to language and to jests,
 and we cannot have that sort of thing in our society.
 We need, you know, the men to be just getting actually
 passionate in peace.
 - The Temperance Lobby, who were trying to convince people
 not to drink, started with health about sort of
 what it would do to you,
 and then they just started lying about things.
 So they would say, "Well, you're drinking that."
 You know what they put in it?
 Crunched up cockroaches.
 They put feces.
 They make it with feces.
 They started just spreading all these rumors
 about what alcohol was mixed with
 in order to get people to go,
 "I guess I don't want to drink."
 - Really? - Yeah.
 - You know what, that wouldn't work on me.
 - Wouldn't it?
 (laughing)
 - See, this is why it didn't take over.
 Have you guys heard of the Wausers?
 - Hmm. - Wauser?
 - Wauser.
 This was a New Zealand thing and Australia, actually.
 And a wauser was a person who had a real sense of morality
 and wanted other people not to do sinful things.
 It actually, the name originally was a loud
 or an annoying person,
 and then it kind of changed to that meaning.
 But the Wausers were usually the women's
 Christian Temperance Union in New Zealand,
 and not just were they campaigning for less alcohol,
 but they were really the main people
 behind women's suffrage in New Zealand.
 - Oh.
 - 'Cause I don't know if the guys in the audience know,
 but it was one of the first places
 where women got the vote.
 - It's that sorry.
 (audience cheering)
 - There's a lot of women showing there,
 but not many men.
 (laughing)
 - And here's another thing about New Zealand.
 In 1917, there was, as part of the Temperance Movement,
 they came up with a new law which said
 that all bars and pubs had to close at six o'clock,
 so six p.m.
 And the thing is that everyone finished work at five p.m.
 And so what ended up happening is everyone who was working
 just legged it to the pub at five p.m.
 and drank as much as they could for an hour.
 And it was called the six o'clock swill.
 And basically you would--
 - Did that lead to any problems at all?
 Or was it absolutely fine?
 - I'll be honest, it didn't go that well.
 Some bars changed their wallpaper for tiling
 so it could be easily cleaned.
 - Oh my God.
 (laughing)
 - A lot of people would drink,
 load to drinks and then keep all the glasses
 and then at like five to six,
 they would go, "Fill these up."
 And then they would all get filled up
 and then they would neck as many as they could.
 - Oh my God.
 - But one interesting innovation
 that might have come from this is,
 you know if you ask for Coca-Cola in a bar,
 and they say, "We've got Pepsi, is that all right?"
 And you say, "Yeah, fine."
 They sometimes give it you out of like a long tube
 with a gun on the end.
 - Oh yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - And that was invented for this
 because it made it easier to get beer quickly
 into people's glasses
 without having to get them to come away from the table.
 - Oh wow. - Really?
 - How long?
 (laughing)
 - Was it really, really, really long?
 - It was really long, yeah.
 - There were these amazing maps as well.
 Have you heard of these?
 The wet and dry maps of the USA.
 - No.
 - This is very cool.
 America obviously had a very complex relationship
 with alcohol.
 They're anti-saloon league,
 and this was all pre-prohibition.
 This is when they were still trying to do it
 just through social pressure rather than through banning it.
 But there were temperance advocates,
 and this happened in the UK as well actually.
 Temperance advocates would map out pubs.
 They would produce maps of pubs
 so that people could avoid them.
 (laughing)
 Which did not backfire at all.
 - Yeah, I'm gonna need one of those maps
 just to make sure that I don't go near any of these pubs.
 - It was, that's basically it.
 That's basically it.
 I'm being a bit flippant,
 but the anti-alcohol movement,
 they printed these maps saying,
 "Look at how many pubs there are in this town.
 "We can't need any more."
 And that was like, "Don't grant a licence,"
 because look, this place is absolutely loaded with...
 - It wasn't for normal people, like a trigger warning.
 So, you know, if you really don't like pubs,
 if you're offended by them, don't go here.
 - No, but it wasn't quite that.
 It was a thing called persuasive cartography,
 which is quite cool.
 You produce a map showing something that you desire
 or something that you don't want.
 Yeah.
 - I read about, we were recently in Melbourne,
 and I read about a group of friends
 who almost had the equivalent of a map.
 It was the yellow pages of Melbourne,
 and it had every single pub listed in it, as you would.
 And this was back in the early '90s,
 and they decided that they were gonna try
 and visit every single pub
 on the ultimate pub crawl that they could go on.
 And they managed it.
 32 years later, they had completed all 400 plus pubs.
 Some of them had shut,
 so they had to just stand outside
 and have a ceremonial beer outside of there.
 Three of the five pulled out,
 and it was only two that made it to the end.
 And yeah.
 - When we say pulled out,
 do we mean died of alcohol poisoning?
 Or are we just saying, okay, got it, got it, got it, got it.
 - Yes, pulled out of breathing.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Well, they still have those maps of the US now, don't they?
 'Cause there are dry counties in America, and wet counties.
 But I didn't realize there were also lots of moist counties.
 And this is, people should term,
 and it's nothing disgusting.
 Well, it depends on your opinions.
 But like in Kentucky,
 there are 120 counties in Kentucky,
 11 are dry, 53 are wet, and 56 are moist.
 Which is just like some rules,
 can't drink vodka on a Wednesday,
 you know, don't drink beer all night long.
 That kind of just, you know,
 there's some rules around alcohol.
 But not many, but it actually backfired this
 when there were lots of little counties,
 because they did a study in 2003,
 looking at drink driving.
 But they found that a higher proportion
 of dry counties residents
 were involved in alcohol-related crashes.
 And they realized is because they're having to drive
 across the bloody border to pick up alcohol
 from the wet county.
 (laughing)
 - That's amazing.
 - That's incredible.
 - There was a Greek playwright called Ubalas,
 and he wrote, "The three glasses of wine
 "is a perfect amount for you to have before you go to bed.
 "If you have a fourth that will induce arrogance,
 "a fifth causes shouting,
 "a sixth causes quarrelling,
 "a seventh leads to punch-ups.
 "In the eighth, furniture was smashed
 "and the police were called.
 "By the ninth, deranged madness set in,
 "and by the tenth, you pass out."
 (laughing)
 - And that is very much a description
 of how this podcast's gonna go throughout the evening.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - It is time for fact number two,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Bob Dylan
 found Jimi Hendrix's cover of one of his songs
 to be so much better than the original
 that whenever he plays the song live now,
 he plays a cover of the cover.
 That's such a rare thing for a musician.
 He plays the restructured--
 - How do we know?
 Does it sound different?
 - He's restructured it.
 So yeah, he's moved lyrics around and so on.
 - What's the song?
 - It's All Along the Watchtower.
 So this was a song,
 I'd say, "Oh, thank you, yeah."
 - You didn't write it, that's not yours to thank.
 - I felt like I did in that moment.
 You are welcome.
 So this appeared on an album called John Wesley Harding.
 It was 1967 and it's a great song.
 Hendrix heard it.
 Hendrix actually did a few covers of Dylan's songs.
 He really loved how Dylan was expressing himself.
 He said, "Sometimes I play Dylan's songs
 "and they're so much like me
 "that it seems that I wrote them."
 And that's what Dylan felt
 when he heard Hendrix playing his song.
 He was like, "I feel like that's his song now.
 "When I play it, it's tribute to him."
 And so yeah, so I mean,
 Dylan concerts, I don't know if anyone's been
 to any recent ones.
 They have got a bit weird.
 - I find them really fun.
 I've seen him quite a few times live
 and it's always, 'cause he messes around with his song so much.
 It's always a case of working out
 what an earth song he is playing
 that you know incredibly well
 that he is hidden under 900 layers of nonsense.
 - There's a joke which is that it's so different
 that while he's on stage playing Blowing in the Wind,
 someone will jump in and go,
 "Play Blowing in the Wind!"
 And you'll go, "I am."
 - He's a very interesting guy, isn't he?
 For someone who's very, very iconic and still alive,
 albeit old, he is old, but he is alive.
 So that's the-- - He's sort of very active.
 - At a time of recording. - At a time of recording.
 But he's incredibly unreliable.
 - Okay.
 - I don't know if that's the wrong term.
 Unreliable suggests he's a bit disorganized.
 He's a hard person to grab hold of.
 - He lies.
 - He lies, he lies.
 - He lies like a rug.
 It's amazing.
 He's done so many different versions of events
 of his own life.
 Like all of them, well, a lot of them are provably wrong.
 So was he sent to reform school, as he claimed?
 Was he foster parented?
 Did he run away from home age 12?
 No.
 He was brought up by a completely normal
 middle-class family.
 When he played Carnegie Hall for the first time,
 he told a reporter he had lost contact with his parents
 and he didn't know them anymore.
 They were in the audience at the time.
 - Well, he was incredibly private, so.
 - I know he was, but I'm still saying he fibs, fibs, fibs.
 Was he really a chess hustler in Greenwich Village
 in the 1950s?
 - Right.
 - Well, I'm not worried by all of the research,
 'cause I don't know anything about what they're like.
 And I've been researching him going, "This is amazing."
 - I didn't even know he tried to get to Mars.
 That's incredible.
 - Oh, the Wimbledon finals, really, '75.
 I couldn't believe the naivety of a journalist
 who interviewed him after he was awarded the Nobel Prize.
 Do you remember he won the Nobel Prize for Literature in 2016?
 And he didn't say anything about it
 when it was announced he'd won it.
 There was a tiny announcement that came onto his website
 and then vanished very quickly.
 And so everyone was like, "Oh, we can't get hold
 of the Nobel Committee, can't get hold of him,
 not picking up his phone.
 Where is he?"
 And eventually, weeks and weeks later,
 a journalist finally managed to get an interview with him
 and he wrote, "Poor guy."
 He wrote, "I can now put people out of their misery,"
 'cause everyone was saying,
 "Is he going to turn up to the ceremony?
 Is he gonna come?"
 The journalist went, "I can put people out of their misery.
 Yes, of course, he's planning to turn up
 to the award ceremony."
 I asked him about that and he said,
 "Absolutely, if it's a tool possible."
 Now, obviously, he didn't turn up to the award ceremony.
 (laughing)
 Because of pre-existing commitments.
 Who has pre-existing commitments more important
 than accepting a Nobel Prize?
 Did he win it for his lyrics and his songs?
 Yeah, yeah.
 So like this one,
 "Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a bowl of soup.
 Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a rolling coop.
 Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle like a ton of lead.
 Wiggle, you can raise the dead."
 That was one of his.
 Yeah.
 It's genius.
 (laughing)
 It's how he tells it, weirdly.
 Wiggle, wiggle, wiggle, yeah.
 Okay.
 (laughing)
 That's what the Pulitzer saw.
 I see it now.
 Yeah, go, go, go, good.
 He's just taken the piss his whole life, isn't he?
 Like, he, someone, and I appreciate so much
 the research genius who found this out,
 that the lyrics from "Dean Tweedledum,"
 which is a very good song,
 are poached from various places.
 So it's unlike "Pruce" and "Hemingway,"
 fine, a time magazine article from 1961.
 Bit weird to take your lyrics from there.
 And also a lot of them were taken
 from a travel guide to New Orleans
 by a woman called Bethany Boltman.
 So.
 Is that allowed?
 Isn't it copyrighted or something?
 Do you know what?
 I don't think anyone would have the balls to sue.
 (laughing)
 But there were, there were things,
 you know, so if you hear lines in that song,
 like "Dripping in Garlic and Olive Oil,"
 or "Parade Permit and Police Escort,"
 just think, just from a guidebook.
 Three stars, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 "Nicolas Cage's Grave."
 (laughing)
 That's all I know about New Orleans.
 Very good.
 "Nicolas Cage."
 "Bought a Grave" in New Orleans
 is like this amazing pyramid.
 Yeah.
 But he's not dead.
 Unlike, no, like Bob Dylan.
 Yeah.
 That's so similar.
 (laughing)
 Again, as time of recording.
 Oh God, I really hope we don't curse anything
 'cause he is an incredibly valuable guy to the world.
 I don't know, do you think we have that power?
 I don't know.
 We might.
 That's not worth a try, is it?
 Another song, "Mr. Tambourine Man."
 Yeah.
 Very, very beautiful, mysterious song.
 What does the lyrics mean?
 Can I just say James is actually shaking his head at that.
 This is how important James is about Bob Dylan music.
 It's one of his really, really famous early songs
 and it's very beautiful.
 The lyrics are very sort of rhythmic and poetic.
 It turns out it was just inspired by a musician he knew
 who owned an enormous tambourine.
 You know what?
 I would have guessed that, actually.
 Really?
 If it was from a greengrocer who had an enormous marrow,
 I would have been really surprised.
 That's "Hey, Mr. Tambourine Man."
 You think he's a greengrocer, right?
 He's good.
 (laughing)
 But he was called Bruce Langhorn
 and he just had a big old tambourine.
 He went on to start "Brother Bru Bru's African Hot Sauce."
 So, you know.
 (laughing)
 Wow, amazing.
 What a career.
 He never had a number one hit in the UK, Bob Dylan.
 Okay.
 And his highest ever charter was one
 that's called "Like a Rolling Stone."
 (laughing)
 It is.
 Yes, I think a couple of people in the audience
 might have heard that one.
 Okay, you might know it.
 It got to number four in September 1965
 and that was his highest ever charting.
 But when that was at number four,
 the number two and number one,
 where I got you, babe, by Sonny and Cher,
 and I can't get no satisfaction by the Rolling Stones.
 That's a tough week, isn't it?
 Yes, you can't block that.
 He should have waited until 2019 to release
 "Like a Rolling Stone"
 when it wouldn't have been up against the Sausage Roll,
 Christmas song was up there.
 (laughing)
 But he's largely,
 his most popular songs are the ones that are covered.
 So, like Hendricks doing "All Along the Watchtower"
 or Adele doing "Make You Feel My Love."
 Not many people know that that's a Bob Dylan song
 from a much later album, which was a big hit for her.
 Like for someone who's as famous as he is,
 he's not a fame chaser.
 In his early days, he had to do interviews.
 You had to do them.
 By the way, if you haven't read his autobiography,
 it's incredibly good.
 I highly recommend it.
 None of it's true, but it's very good.
 Yeah, brilliant bit of fiction.
 Yeah, but so when you read some stories about him,
 I picture him as a sitting at home,
 just like, "Oh, don't see anyone."
 Just he sits on his own, not wanting to do anything.
 But he's got all these multitudes of interests
 that I didn't know about.
 One is he loves comedy.
 He's really into Jerry Lewis slapstick-style comedy.
 And he approached a guy called Larry Charles,
 who wrote a lot of Seinfeld episodes
 and was a big collaborator with Larry David
 on "Curb Your Enthusiasm."
 And he said, "I want to write a sitcom
 where I'm in it as a slapstick comedian star."
 And Larry was like, "Really?"
 And he said, "Yeah."
 And he took out...
 (audience laughing)
 He took out a box that he has.
 You've got a very good Dylan on you.
 (audience laughing)
 "Yeah, man, I want to be funny."
 (audience laughing)
 - Honestly, as someone who has no idea who this person is,
 this is very funny.
 (audience laughing)
 - This person?
 - I mean, he's like, "Hurr, hurr, hurr, hurr.
 What do you mean, man?"
 - Probably maybe the most mysterious incident in his life
 was his bike accident,
 because it changed the course of his career.
 This is in 1966.
 He had an accident on his most bike,
 and it was quite bad,
 and he ended up having to have healthcare
 for a period of time.
 And it meant that he sort of became a recluse for a long time.
 He didn't work for a bit.
 No one heard from him.
 But the thing is, we don't know
 what actually happened in the accident.
 We don't know how badly injured he was.
 We don't actually know if it happened at all.
 But it's the most debated thing ever.
 Any Bob Dylan fan has opinions on it.
 So, and he always has a different thing
 about what caused the accident.
 The sun got in his eyes.
 His bike slipped onto some oil.
 Sometimes he broke his back.
 Sometimes he was concussed.
 Sometimes he was fine.
 But all we know was he turned up at a doctor's house,
 which I didn't know he could do.
 He knew a doctor.
 He turned up at their house,
 and he stayed there for about a month,
 sleeping on their sofa or whatever.
 And that was it.
 And I think he has admitted since
 that he basically was trying to get out of the whole fame thing.
 Didn't like the competitive rat race.
 So, baked a bike accident.
 - Wow.
 - I think you can walk into most places
 if you're the level of Bob Dylan.
 And if you know where the doctor lives,
 you just go to their house.
 They're not going to go, "Sorry, Bob."
 - Yeah, it was rural, wasn't it?
 It was neighborhood stuff.
 - Yeah.
 And do you think you should let them stay for a month?
 How many months could they stay before
 you kick them out even if they're Bob Dylan?
 - How many months can you stay at a doctor's house?
 There's actually a rejected line from
 "How many roads must a man walk down?"
 (audience laughing)
 - Very close.
 - Before he will chuck you out.
 - James has no idea what that means.
 (audience laughing)
 - I assume it's one of his songs.
 - Can I do another thing that,
 another bit of James Bating here?
 - Yeah, of course.
 - Okay, I'll see if you like this, okay.
 'Cause you will like a bit of it.
 There was for 20 years at least,
 there was a huge competition between some academics.
 In 1997, there were two researchers in Stockholm.
 They released a paper called "Nitric Oxide and Inflammation."
 The answer is "Blowin' in the Wind,"
 which is clever.
 And then several years later,
 two other researchers coincidentally published a piece
 called "Blood on the Tracks, A Simple Twist of Fate,"
 which I think might have been genealogical.
 Anyway, they decided to compete to see
 how many Dylan lyrics they could get into their papers
 before retirement.
 And then a fifth one joined after he wrote something
 called "Tangled Up in Blue, Molecular Cardiology
 in the Post-Molecular Era."
 (audience laughing)
 And this has just been going on for a very long time.
 - Did you come across Karl Gornitsky
 when you were reading about this?
 - I don't think so.
 - So Karl Gornitsky is a librarian
 who found out about this and he thought,
 well, what I'm gonna do is see how often people
 use Bob Dylan lyrics in all of the papers.
 And he found that there are at least 200 examples
 of papers that unequivocably use Bob Dylan's words
 in their titles.
 And he found that they are cited slightly less often
 than other similar articles.
 (audience laughing)
 And he said in his papers,
 he thinks that there will be fewer Dylan references
 in the future because, and I quote,
 "Researchers concede they weren't quite as clever
 as they were intending."
 (audience laughing)
 - Maybe he didn't write them
 in order to be included in the scientific papers.
 - Well, maybe they were trying to quote
 an old tourist guide that actually,
 they've never heard of the songs.
 - Do you know the oldest recording we have of Bob Dylan?
 At least according to my research.
 So this was one that was made in St. Paul in 1960.
 And it resurfaced in 1978.
 And a fan-zine writer called Brian Stiball
 went to the person's house who found it
 and said, "Oh, can I listen to this Bob Dylan tape?"
 And the guy, the owner,
 insisted that his partner did the dishes
 while they played it because he was so sure
 that they were going to record the tape
 when he played it for them.
 So you'd have all that background noise.
 And sure enough, they did record it.
 (laughing)
 And the bootleg is known as the armpit tape
 because it's such bad quality.
 - Lovely. - It still exists.
 - People get so weird about him.
 There's an Institute of Dylanology
 in the University of Tulsa,
 which is not officially called that,
 it's the Institute for Bob Dylan Studies.
 But they bought his archive in 2016
 for about $15 million and it's 100,000 documents
 from his library. - Wow.
 - It's really intense.
 I was in, people get so far into him.
 - They do.
 But also, you know, he's not the easiest person
 to recognize sometimes, which works in his favor,
 because he does all of these weird things in public.
 Like he went through a phase in 2008, 2009
 of wanting to turn up at the houses
 where musicians had lived in their childhoods.
 - Oh, yes.
 - He turned up in this random house in Winnipeg
 where Neil Young had grown up
 and it was now occupied by just a couple
 called Kean and Passie,
 who came home from their shopping trip
 to find a guy on their doorstep who they didn't recognize.
 - Is that your holiday home today, is there any chance?
 - Didn't he get on a magical mystery tour bus in Liverpool
 and go around all of the Beatles childhoods?
 - I think he might have, I think he might have.
 - He's a big fan of musicians.
 He loved the Beatles.
 He said that Beatles transformed America at a time
 when it desperately needed to come out of a depression
 and have a hit of happiness.
 And when Elvis died, he stayed silent for a week.
 He was so distraught from his death.
 - Yeah.
 - I'm just showing my own tribute there.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He was going to play for the Pope in 1997
 and then the next Pope next it.
 So he was going to play for John Paul II.
 - Yeah.
 - The second in 1997.
 - That's John Paul II squared, isn't it John Paul II?
 - He was going to play John Paul IV.
 But then Cardinal Ratzinger tried to stop it happening.
 Benedict the 16th.
 - Why did he try to stop it happening?
 - He said it was inappropriate.
 He thought it was wrong.
 He thought it was sort of a bit profite.
 But John Paul II did give a sermon saying,
 "You asked me how many roads a man must walk down
 "before he becomes a man.
 "I answer, there is only one road for man
 "and it is the road of Jesus Christ."
 - Doesn't scan as well, does it?
 - Yeah, it doesn't.
 - See why he didn't incorporate that.
 - Yeah.
 (upbeat music)
 - Time for fact number three and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that the US government
 runs a lottery where if you win,
 you get to go and watch fireflies light up.
 - Ah.
 - It's so sweet.
 - No, as good as winning 10 million quid.
 - Well, you know, in some ways it's better, James,
 'cause what's richer than nature?
 - That's good money.
 (laughing)
 - You can buy that forest.
 (laughing)
 - She had just cut to you guys waving your wallet
 to the firefly, light up.
 (laughing)
 - Well, millionaire Dan,
 you can't buy the forest 'cause it's in a national park.
 - Okay.
 - And this is a national park.
 It's the Great Smoky Mountains National Park
 in Tennessee and a bit of North Carolina.
 And the fireflies every year put on this incredible display,
 not for the humans, just for each other,
 but it is amazing.
 It's two weeks early June
 and it's the synchronous fireflies.
 It's one of the only places that it happens in the US
 and the only place it happens on this scale.
 And basically it started happening
 about mid-1990s when the national park
 removed the street lights.
 So it got really dark there
 and fireflies love darkness 'cause their lights show up
 and people realized it was a thing
 and they started flocking to this national park
 to see these fireflies all lighting up in synchrony.
 It's extraordinary, it's millions of them,
 like a Mexican wave going on and off.
 And there were so many that at first
 they decided to do a first come, first serve thing
 with ticketing and the queues were just insanely long.
 So now there are 1,800 parking passes given out every year
 and you can apply for them.
 About 30,000 people applied in 2019.
 So it's round that level and you might win.
 And if you win, you bring your foldable chairs,
 you bring your inflatable sofas, some people do.
 You bring your teddy bear.
 You really settle in for the night
 and then you wait for the fireflies to light up.
 - It's pretty cool.
 - Are there rules about what you can or can't bring?
 Are you not allowed to bring a torch
 in case that's confusing to them?
 - You have to have red light so that they can't see it.
 - You certainly can't have normal white light, yes.
 - Yeah.
 'Cause they get confused by the lights, don't they?
 - Yes.
 - If you get a load of fireflies
 and there's street lights around,
 they just won't mate with each other.
 And it's so much so that you can get two fireflies
 and you can put them right next to each other
 and they might be really horny, but they won't mate.
 - Right.
 - And we don't really show why they won't do it,
 but we think what it is is it's 'cause they think it's daytime
 and they only do it at nighttime.
 - Oh, sensible fellows.
 (laughing)
 Doesn't it look a bit like Godzilla to them?
 Isn't it just like a giant version?
 - And does that put you in the mood, Dan?
 Because if it doesn't, I think we've got our answer.
 - I reckon if you and your wife are there
 and a huge Yeti walks in, I can only imagine
 that's gonna help things in the bedroom.
 (laughing)
 - I think in a very one-sided way, sure.
 (laughing)
 - Honey, you can leave.
 We'll tell them this.
 (laughing)
 - You know what they say about big feet?
 (laughing)
 - They're pretty amazing fireflies.
 I've never looked into them before.
 They're astonishing.
 I mean, the fire in them, it's guys, it's not a real fire.
 It is like a, yeah, I know, right?
 It's like a bioluminescence.
 It's a thing that is made in them
 as a combination of chemicals that combine together.
 The main thing that people try and extract
 is a thing called luciferase.
 It sounds like lucifer's being used
 as the etymology term there.
 - Well, lucifer means light bringer,
 which is where lucifer, the devil comes from, so, yeah.
 - So I was correct.
 (laughing)
 Sometimes I like to assume
 and have it confirmed on stage by the others.
 And it's amazing what they can do with it.
 It's used for mating reasons.
 It's used for competitive advantage.
 You will have female fireflies of one species,
 and there are many thousands of different species,
 and they will mimic the light of the male
 and another subspecies to attract the female from mating
 only to eat them up so that they can steal
 certain bits of them.
 - That's not feminism hasn't got to the firefly community,
 has it?
 - But do you know why they do that?
 It's not only for food.
 - It's a toxin, right?
 - Yes, there's this predator repelling toxin,
 and part of the firefly flash, gee, whiz.
 - I know, it's really tough.
 - Just hadn't had a run up at that.
 - Part of the firefly flashing is to attract a mate,
 but a part of it is also to say to predators, I am toxic.
 And they have this, it's Lusibufegin toxin.
 Why can't I say that first time?
 Don't know.
 But these, the females, the sort of femme fatale females,
 they can't make their own version of that toxin,
 so they have to eat the males,
 so they gather, they harvest it from the corpses
 of the males they devour.
 And I just think that's pretty cool.
 - It's cool, if you order a hamburger
 that I wanted, it's like me eating you together.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yes.
 - But these poor males are trying desperately
 to find females of their own species,
 then they know it's a risk as well.
 And sometimes it takes them a week
 to find an actual female of their own species,
 and they're just constantly dodging, you know,
 predator fireflies. - False flags.
 - False flags, yeah.
 - Can I just ask a quick, sorry to cut you off,
 but Andy, well, you've just raised a good point,
 which is to eat Andy if he's had the hamburger, right?
 We were coming into New Zealand,
 and you obviously aren't allowed to bring in fruit, right?
 So I had a banana just before we came in, right?
 So I ate it on the plane, and I got off.
 And the sniffer dogs went past us,
 and I just thought, why can't it smell it in me?
 Why can't it?
 (audience laughing)
 Like it's still quite fresh.
 - You're a messy eater, but you didn't rub it
 all over your, if you could.
 - If you wanted to sneak something into the country,
 if you could get the stomach of a person,
 it seems like you could put it in there.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, it says it back.
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - You just invented smuggling, that's it.
 - Oh yeah, and a bottom might be even better.
 - Oh my God.
 - You've blown this shit wide open?
 No, I'm not sure you have.
 - We should say the ones, the fireflies
 that are visited by all these tourists,
 and for whom the lottery is run,
 that is just flirting, the flashing.
 But it was quite confusing at first, I think,
 because it's not usual.
 The vast majority of firefly species
 just flash as individuals, and these ones flash in unison,
 and it starts off like one will do a flash,
 and then another will pick up on it,
 and it starts off looking quite random,
 and gradually as more and more do it,
 they manage to tune like an orchestra,
 and do it all together.
 But the reason they're doing it in unison
 is 'cause it's all males doing that flashing.
 The females flash back, but it's very dim,
 you can't really see it if you're a human.
 It's all males doing the flashing,
 and it tells the female that that is the right species,
 because if there's any other species flashing,
 then it'll not be flashing in time.
 But it's quite a shit show for the males,
 because I think the ratio is about 100 to one
 often, males to females.
 So even so, if you're the male,
 you're just accepting as you flash in unison,
 it's like we have to work together on this,
 even though probably I'm not gonna be the one who gets it.
 Isn't that sad?
 - In a way, it's also a kind of lottery, isn't it?
 - Oh my God. - Oh, yeah.
 - There's a lottery to see the firefly lottery, wow.
 - That's good. - How deep does this go?
 - Yeah.
 Well, the females, they can have dialogues
 with 10 males at once.
 If there's some species chat back and forth
 with the flashing. - Really?
 Oh, with the flashing, right?
 - Yeah, yeah, and so-- - Only the slags.
 - Ah, no. (laughing)
 They mate with only one they pick,
 they sort of winnow down from.
 It's a bit Love Island, actually.
 They start with 10 males who they're chatting to,
 and then they end up.
 - But are they sending the same message?
 Is it kind of like when you go onto a chatbot thing,
 and you think you're flirting,
 and then you realize it's automated answers?
 This is an insurance website.
 - Yeah. (laughing)
 - No, I've never seen Godzilla.
 (laughing)
 - One thing about these, the flashing,
 it's kind of like, I guess it's like dancing
 'cause it's in rhythm, isn't it?
 But if you get two fireflies next to each other,
 and they're from the same species,
 and they're supposed to be able to do it in rhythm,
 they can't, they just get all over the place.
 If you get three, they still can't,
 and if you get 10, they still can't,
 and it takes about 20 of them to get together,
 and suddenly they all start doing it in rhythm together.
 - That's really interesting.
 - It's true of dancing, isn't it?
 You know, if there's just two of you on a dance floor,
 it's incredibly awkward.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - But as soon as there's 20.
 - It feels like it.
 We are the same.
 - There's a scary thing which is that
 their population is declining globally,
 and one of the main reasons is,
 let's say there's a group of fireflies that are in an area,
 and then that gets urbanized,
 and it gets concreted over.
 They don't then fly and find another place.
 They just disappear.
 The species just dies as this thing in it,
 where it just goes, "All right, that's us done.
 "We can't move over there."
 So that's really sad as we continue to urbanize.
 But also, we kind of don't know
 how many fireflies there are necessarily,
 because a lot of them hang out in the day,
 so we can't see them.
 - Yeah, and don't glow, right?
 - They don't glow, so they use pheromones instead
 of their glow.
 - There could be a million in here right now.
 - Yeah.
 - We wouldn't know.
 - We would, 'cause it's quite dark, but it's, yeah.
 - Another reason why they're endangered
 is that we used to farm them.
 Well, not farm them as collect them.
 So there's a company called the Sigma Chemical Company
 that harvested about 3 million of fireflies every year,
 and they were trying to get this Luciferase,
 which Dan was talking about,
 because you can use it in food safety testing and research.
 - Oh, cool.
 Well, they have come in very useful to science, generally.
 They are particularly useful in energy efficiency.
 So I think they let out the most efficient light we know of.
 It's the most efficient light in the world,
 in the universe that we're aware of,
 because when they let off their light,
 almost no heat is emitted,
 so almost 100% of the energy is emitted as light.
 And so--
 - Wait, do you mean they're like LED,
 as in they're not hot?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah, exactly, but LED is a bit hot.
 They are not hot, but they made LEDs better.
 So there's a so cool thing where there was a physicist
 called Jean-Paul Vigneron, who went, he was Belgian,
 and he went on a trip to Central America in, I think, about 2012,
 and he saw a bunch of fireflies glowing,
 and he thought, "I wonder how they do that?"
 And this is a science brain.
 He just, he took some, he brought them back to his lab,
 and he looked inside them,
 and he saw that the way they were making their light
 efficiently was that they had these,
 like, really jagged, irregular scales on their abdomen,
 and that meant that the light was shining really efficiently,
 so that meant that you could get the maximum amount of light
 coming out for the minimum amount of energy,
 and that's how LED lights are designed now,
 and he increased the energy efficiency by 50%.
 - You're joking.
 - Wow.
 - So that's how-- - That is insane.
 - I know, they, it's good old fireflies.
 - Could we ethically replace LEDs with them, somehow?
 Like, picture your Christmas tree, right?
 - Oh, lovely.
 - If we had, like, some kind of pheromone
 that meant they were happy hanging out by the tree,
 and you had flying LED lights around your entire tree,
 is that possible?
 - I think the audience doesn't like the sound of it.
 I think it's less convenient, I do.
 - They have to be, if your lights had to be in the mood,
 (audience laughing)
 to be on, probably, you might have a few dark Christmases,
 you know. (audience laughing)
 Can I tell you one more thing about the dangerous lady
 fireflies, the ones who eat the males?
 - These. - Them fatals, yeah.
 - So not only do they eat males of a different genus,
 they will sometimes eat males of their own genus
 if they're merely hungry.
 Some of them will break off mid-sex to eat their partner.
 Mid?
 - Wait, that can't be mid-sex.
 That's just the end of sex.
 - Yeah. (audience laughing)
 Fair point, fair point.
 - It's an unexpectedly abrupt ending of sex.
 - But the poor man, oh, this is the end, is it?
 Where's the end?
 I've got more, I've got more in the tank.
 I've got more moves.
 (audience laughing)
 Ow.
 Some.
 (audience laughing)
 Some males in this genus, the prey genus of fireflies,
 they have special arms on either side of their penis
 that remain outside the female for copulation.
 And some scientists believe this might be
 an incoming cannibalism alert system.
 (audience laughing)
 And if the female starts wriggling around
 because she's started to feel a bit peckish,
 the male is notified that this is a risk
 and it gets a sort of early warning.
 - Amazing.
 The arms, what, hold on to her or what?
 - I think they just stick out at the base, if you like.
 - Maybe they tap her on the shoulder
 from behind to distract her then.
 (audience laughing)
 And then they're off.
 (audience laughing)
 - Ah, we're, shit!
 (audience laughing)
 - I was mid-sex.
 (audience laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - It is now time for our final fact of the show
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that the scientific paper,
 "Detection of Noda Virus in Barramundi"
 was co-authored by Dr. Barry Munday.
 (audience laughing)
 - I feel like that's shut down the show.
 That's the greatest fact ever.
 Do you know it, everyone? - That's incredible.
 - It is amazing. - It's incredible.
 - So I found out that this guy called Dr. Barry Munday
 worked in Tasmanian fisheries
 and I know that he'd done some studies.
 So I went through a list of all of the studies
 that he'd done in the hope and the dream
 that one of them was about Barry Munday
 and sure enough, he did do this one very obscure one.
 - That's incredible.
 He passed away a few years ago.
 - Yeah, 2003.
 - Yeah, 2003 and I found this really beautiful obituary
 of his entire career online and it's so detailed.
 They do not say he wrote a paper
 on a fucking Barry Munday.
 (audience laughing)
 It's unbelievable.
 - It was really important.
 - Do you have any idea if he, sorry,
 I do want to know about the important things he did,
 but mostly I want to know if he wrote this paper
 because his name is Barry Munday.
 - I don't think so, genuinely don't think so.
 - He mops in his head, I'm sure.
 - Do you reckon?
 - Surely.
 - I don't know, I reckon.
 There's a lot of this about, actually,
 'cause I basically Googled every fish name
 I could think of to see if there are other people like this.
 There's a guy called Stephen Haddock
 who's working on Deep Sea Gelatinous zooplankton.
 - Amazing.
 - John Salmon was a fish spotter in the 1980s.
 - Fish spotter.
 - Yeah, he would fly over in his plane and go,
 there's one.
 (audience laughing)
 - Really?
 - No, he wouldn't say there's one.
 He said like there's a school of fish
 and then he would give the coordinates
 and people would be able to go and catch them if they want.
 - Right.
 - Do you know, so weirdly, I thought when he says
 fish spotter, he meant someone who put spots on fish
 and I don't know why they would do that,
 so that's what I thought.
 - Courtney Pike was the angling correspondent
 for the Suffolk Gazette.
 - That's brilliant.
 - Jack Trout was the person who read
 the fishing report show from San Francisco's KNBR 680.
 - Jesus, what happened, James?
 - Frank E...
 (laughing)
 - What?
 - Is everyone still here?
 (audience laughing)
 - What?
 - Frank...
 - Frank E. Fish wrote lots of papers all about fish,
 especially the biomechanics of manoeuvrability
 and jet propulsion in fish.
 - Wow.
 - That took you most of 2024.
 (laughing)
 - We know it.
 - Courtney Trout.
 - Oh, no, Courtney Pike.
 - Oh, sorry, Courtney Pike is the question
 that an angling correspondent would ask.
 - It's brilliant, that, isn't it?
 - What do you mean?
 - So, Courtney Pike.
 - Have you Courtney Pike?
 - Oh, Courtney Pike.
 - Courtney Pike, got that.
 - Beautiful.
 - Amazing.
 - Beautiful.
 - Baramundi, the fish itself.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Hugely popular in Australia.
 It's massively popular, right?
 - They're obsessed with it.
 - They're obsessed with it.
 But one of the issues is that they're discovering
 that a lot of Baramundi is being imported
 that aren't Baramundi.
 It's almost like they're a fake cosplaying fish.
 Not the fish on doing it.
 It's the humans that are selling it.
 - Okay.
 - But there are rules in Australia
 that mean that the food service is under no obligation
 to label whether or not it is a local or imported fish.
 So, people don't know the better.
 They're being misled.
 And so this is a big problem,
 according to the head of the Northern Territory
 Seafood Council, who's called Rob Fish.
 So.
 - Brilliant.
 - Do you want to do a full 15 minutes of these?
 - Hopefully, no.
 - Do you know one of the main fish
 that scandalously has been disguised as Baramundi
 is from New Zealand?
 It's the New Zealand grouper.
 Why do you have a fish called a grouper?
 I imagine it's from the same origin as grouper,
 which is the normal fish we have in the Northern Hemisphere.
 But yes, a New Zealand grouper.
 - The New Zealand grouper has tiny arms on its penis,
 doesn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 - It's actually, do you guys know, do you eat grouper a lot?
 Not many, but it's really popular.
 And it was very popular in Maori culture.
 And in Maori it's called hapuka.
 But I think hapuka, the word means
 that it means to stuff your face with food,
 because it's so popular.
 - That's cool.
 - Baramundi, a couple more things about them.
 They can eat food up to 60% of their own length,
 which is the equivalent of me eating a four foot long sausage.
 So that's food for thought, isn't it?
 - Wow.
 (laughing)
 - What is the longest sausage you've ever eaten?
 - I did go.
 There's a restaurant in Viennical Centre meter
 where you order your food by the length.
 - Really?
 - Really.
 - And we ordered the special,
 which is a wheelbarrow for the sausages.
 - Wow.
 - It's unbelievable.
 They bring this wheelbarrow.
 It's a small barrow,
 but you don't realize how big a small wheelbarrow is,
 'cause you know what I mean.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - And it's big, it's big.
 So I probably got through them.
 No, I don't know if I got through a meter of sausages then.
 No, I can't get done.
 - I think you could easily eat a four foot sausage.
 - In one go?
 - In one go?
 - Well, you can chew it.
 You're allowed to chew.
 - You're allowed to chew,
 but you can't eat it.
 (audience laughs)
 I mean, James, that is just gonna get clipped out
 at that centre.
 (audience laughs)
 - Didn't even cross my mind.
 - No, four foot of sausage.
 Come on, even a cumberland's only about eight feet.
 - If it's very thin, easy.
 - Is it not thin, it's a sausage?
 - No.
 You can't just turn it into a pepper army and wolf it.
 I'm talking a thick old cumberland.
 - We're talking about.
 (audience laughs)
 - Please guys, we are talking about sausages.
 This is not, there's no sight to this.
 - We need to start.
 - So four foot, that's the length that you think,
 no, because I read varying accounts
 of what the largest barramundi that's ever been caught is.
 And one went as far as saying it was five foot 10.
 And that's massive.
 I can't believe that's true.
 That's if you want to picture that size,
 that's the same height as Neil Finn.
 That's how big a five foot nine, five foot 10.
 - Who's that, sorry?
 (audience laughs)
 - Okay, it's a New Zealander.
 I thought you'd literally just Googled
 everyone who was the height.
 I got, oh, they've got a funny fish sounding name.
 - Neil Finn is, there's a very famous Australian band called.
 (audience laughs)
 There's an incredibly famous New Zealand band
 called Split Ends, which became Crowded House.
 And Neil Finn is the, is from Crowded House.
 - But Dan would have said Neil Finn
 because of the word Finn.
 - Exactly, well, I'll tell you my working.
 I found out it was five foot 10.
 And I sat at the computer and went,
 please tell me Neil Finn is five foot 10.
 And he is.
 (audience laughs)
 - That's the way to do it, James.
 - That's how you save time.
 - That's how you do it.
 Just claim is right.
 - You assume and let other things confirm it.
 - No, they are very cool though.
 They sometimes eat baby crocodiles per a Monday.
 I mean, they're really--
 - Yeah, they'll eat any old stuff.
 - They'll eat any old stuff.
 - They have a relation called the Antarctic Toothfish
 and they eat lots of rocks.
 (audience laughs)
 And we're not really sure why they do it,
 but it seems like the reason they do it
 is 'cause they just want to eat everything
 and the rocks get in the way.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, that's pretty good.
 - So it's not an eating thing, they don't--
 - No, it doesn't seem that way.
 It seems like it's just useful for them
 because they're so rare for them to get food
 just that if they see anything, they just go for it.
 - Right.
 - It's like when you get really greedy people
 and you look at their finished meal
 and all the cutlery's gone and everything.
 (audience laughs)
 - It's amazing.
 They do this extraordinary thing as well, Baramundi,
 which is the males, they will start off as male
 and then there's a first wave in their life cycle
 of mating that goes on and they'll go around
 impregnating as many female Baramundi as possible
 and then once that's done and they grow a bit bigger,
 they then turn into female themselves
 and the reason they do that is partially
 because they can store more eggs inside of them
 to give birth more.
 So it's the equivalent of if you picture like NFL,
 it's like being a quarterback, throwing the ball
 and then running up and catching it yourself
 because they're impregnating and then they're becoming
 the ones that are being impregnated.
 It's an extraordinary thing.
 - Although what I find quite sad is that scientists think
 that they can't transform into the female
 until they've done their first kind of copulation,
 which for enough is just releasing sperm,
 but it does make you think like, what if you couldn't do it?
 You know, and you're like a 59 year old Baramundi
 who's still male and all the other ones age three have changed.
 I just think that's embarrassing and sad.
 (audience laughing)
 Have you not seen that film, "The 40 Year Old Baramundi?"
 It's good.
 (audience laughing)
 And it's actually a lot more interesting
 than you think it is.
 - Just on Australian fishes,
 there's one called Plecto rinches carolinthus,
 but it's better known as the blue bastard.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Can you guess how it gets its name, the blue bastard?
 - From the poetic minds of the Australian people.
 (audience laughing)
 - It must be blue.
 - Is it blue?
 - It's blue, that's half of it.
 - Is it a bastard to catch?
 - It does the other half.
 (audience laughing)
 - This fact was about nominative determinism, right?
 So Baramundi is doing a thing that his name is associated to.
 And I found a few New Zealand examples of that.
 So there is a composer who wrote a Romeo and Juliet opera
 who is called Peter van de Vlut, which is very sweet.
 It's just a very sweet name.
 There's an activist who's quite a famous actress
 who's been being, she's getting arrested
 for all her climate change protests.
 And that's Lucy Lawless.
 Xena Warrior-Princess.
 - Very good.
 - Lawless, she's constantly getting taken
 to police stations for what she's doing.
 But I was, so I was sitting in a room today in New Zealand
 and a guy randomly overheard me talking about this
 called Wade and he came over and he said,
 "My grandfather is an example of nominative determinism.
 "Can I tell you it?"
 So his grandfather was the first person in New Zealand
 to artificially inseminate a bee.
 (audience laughing)
 - They've been trying for years and years and years,
 haven't they?
 We just can't find anyone with a small enough penis.
 (audience laughing)
 We will keep looking.
 Is this, is this guessable or is it?
 - Oh, he's called Richard Beebe.
 Like that's his name.
 And he did it on a kitchen table in Balcluthur.
 - Dick, wait, that's very, that's a bit racy, isn't it?
 Many would have started in bed.
 - Sounds like the women takes you.
 - It's called Dick Beebe.
 (audience laughing)
 - Come on, mate.
 - Oh my goodness.
 So yeah.
 - The only, I mean, the only thing I have,
 'cause what I like about this original fact
 is that it's a double nominative determinism.
 It's a Barry Monday, twice as unlikely.
 And I think my favorite example of that
 is probably the world's leading expert in Pete Boggs,
 was called Pete Glob.
 (audience laughing)
 - We've got a couple in the fish inbox,
 if you don't mind me sharing that, Fred.
 - Yeah, Fred.
 - This was sent in by Pruma Kutcher
 and she had a dentist called Jintar Gumbyte.
 - Brilliant.
 - Pretty good.
 And Peter Drake sent in the fact that John Ramsbottom
 invented a new kind of high-speed piston.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's brilliant.
 (audience laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, we need to get out of here.
 That is it, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening, Auckland.
 You were awesome, that was amazing.
 We will be back.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye!
 (audience cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
