 (techno music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you from the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
 My name is Dan Shriver.
 Please welcome to the stage the other three elves
 as Additch Isinski, James Harkin, and Andy Murray.
 (audience cheering)
 (audience applauding)
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy Murray.
 - My fact this week is that the first man
 to swim the English channel later had a show
 where he floated in a tank for two hours.
 That was his show.
 His name was Matthew Webb and to get extra funding,
 he would do a special endurance show
 where he floated in a tank for 128 hours.
 - Whoa, that's one hour better than the guy stuck in the rock.
 - Yeah.
 - Probably as interesting as well
 in terms of a feature length movie.
 - Yeah.
 - I mean without a flotation device.
 - Without a flotation device.
 - And that's really impressive.
 - It's very impressive.
 - Yeah, in a boat it's not quite as impressive.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's just basically a big swimming pool right
 where he's just paddling around.
 - Yeah, I'm treading water I guess is what he was doing.
 - Yeah, okay, yeah.
 - So he wasn't lying on his back.
 That's not fluting.
 I think that's just swimming.
 - Like a child.
 - He got very philosophical very early on.
 (audience laughing)
 - The first time he ever did this kind of floting
 for as long as possible,
 it was against a Newfoundland dog.
 He had a bet that he'd be able to float
 for longer than a dog and he won his bet.
 - Did the dog die?
 (audience laughing)
 As they fished the dog out.
 Victory for Webb.
 - I mean did the dog even know it was taking part in a bet?
 (audience laughing)
 - Captain Webb won a year's supply of pedigree charm.
 (audience laughing)
 So this is Captain Webb.
 This is who we're talking about British hero.
 - Yeah, and he was amazing.
 This was 1875 when he did this
 and when he swam the channel that is.
 And after that he didn't really stay famous.
 He tried to keep himself famous
 by doing these endurance events and things like that,
 but he found it quite hard.
 But I read that he was so famous
 that when he came back from the channel swimming
 and he went back to his hometown
 with a band procession going on,
 he was so loved that even a pig got up on his trotters
 to look at him as he went by.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well the pig know that it was taking part in a procession.
 (audience laughing)
 In 1883, just eight years after he was the hero of the nation,
 he tried to swim across a particular bit of the river
 down from Niagara Falls and it was extremely dangerous
 and more than 10,000 people turned up to watch him
 and he drowned there.
 He was dragged under a current
 and his body was found a few days later
 and he was doing it to try and provide for his family.
 - So I was going through the newspaper archives
 and before he did it, every single headline
 about what he was about to do said,
 "We're the engages in suicidal endeavor."
 Every headline went, "A fool's there and totally mad.
 "Everyone predicts he will die."
 There's a whirlpool about 20 yards down the river
 into which he'd will definitely be sucked and perished
 and he went on and did it anyway.
 I just wonder if he read any of that.
 (audience laughing)
 - He didn't like to read his own press.
 He was a very modest man.
 But actually everyone thought that he would die
 when he swam the channel as well.
 It was 34 kilometers but it actually took him
 64 kilometers to swim it because of all the currents.
 He just went in a real zigzag all the way.
 - He refused to ask the directions.
 (audience laughing)
 - And he smothered himself in poor pice fat
 to keep warm, which is quite good.
 And towards the end, he got really tired
 but then a boat went past
 and everyone on the boat started singing
 "Rule Britannia" to keep him going.
 - And I don't know if this would have been an encouragement
 or put him off, but apparently his coach Arthur Payne
 used to jump in occasionally and swim alongside him.
 - Which I would find really irritating.
 Hey man, this is easy.
 (audience laughing)
 - I read also at one stage that he had a run in with a poor pice.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's a boy you covered in poor pice fat.
 What have you done with my friends?
 (audience laughing)
 - I think that might have been it.
 They might have confused him.
 Smells like a poor pice, looks like a poor pice.
 (audience laughing)
 But there was actually someone who went across
 the channel before him.
 He was called Paul the Fearless Frogman, Boynton.
 (audience laughing)
 And he did manage to get in a cross
 but he was wearing a rubber suit with a puddle and a sail.
 (audience laughing)
 - He towed a boat behind him, I think,
 which had his supplies in it.
 - He towed a boat.
 - He towed a boat a lot.
 - This is much more impressive than Matthew were.
 (audience laughing)
 - I mean he had a sail.
 I think he had some kind of a small like makeshift
 clockwork motor thing.
 I'm not sure where we draw the line swimming,
 but I think that is not swimming.
 - It sounds amazing.
 It could support you, so help you float in the water.
 And also you could store nine days worth of food
 in the pockets.
 (audience laughing)
 - Basically it was a publicity stunt to sell this suit
 'cause he called it a life-saving suit.
 - He was actually the guy, he set up the first ever theme park
 in America and then he set up what became Coney Island.
 - Oh.
 - And then he befriended sea lions
 and used to appear in silent films with them all the time.
 - That hang on.
 (audience laughing)
 - He just, they were, who he felt closest to.
 - He befriended sea lions.
 - Yeah, he performed in films with sea lions.
 - The sea lions know they were being befriended.
 (audience laughing)
 - Even cooler than there was someone who swam across before,
 even what was it, Paul, the amazing frogman,
 boy, it's a fearless frogman.
 It was a guy called William Hoskins, and this was in 1862,
 and he kick paddled his way across on a bail of straw.
 (audience laughing)
 I was the first man to go across the channel, not in a boat.
 - Do you guys know who the best living swimmer
 alive today is?
 - Michael Phelps.
 - Oh no, so this is for a long distance.
 I'm talking, it's a guy called Martin Strell.
 - Okay.
 - He had a lot of TV shows, so actually might be a name
 familiar to those listening and those here tonight.
 He's an amazing guy, he's a Slovenian, long distance swimmer.
 He swam the entire Amazon river,
 first person ever to do that.
 The Danube, the Yang Sea, he did the Danube in one go.
 He swam for 84 hours straight, he lost 40 pounds.
 By the time he got out, he was 40 pounds lighter,
 and along the way, and along every single swim that he does,
 he drinks two bottles of wine.
 He has just a favorite white wine, I think it is,
 that he drinks.
 - But there's sort of like,
 thresher shocks along the way.
 (audience laughing)
 The Amazon is much better provided for than I realized.
 - That's where thresher sharks get the name, actually.
 - Oh really, there's something.
 (audience laughing)
 - But this is how hardcore he is with his swimming.
 He hasn't swam the Nile yet, and he's been asked,
 "Why have you not swam the Nile?"
 And he said that it's neither long or challenging enough.
 - Oh, it is like the second longest river in the world.
 - Yeah, I know, he said, it's just like a small creek.
 - This guy is a liar.
 I say that when people say, "Why have you never fought a lion?"
 They are neither large nor fierce enough for me,
 so it's not worth me wasting my time.
 (audience laughing)
 - We're gonna have to move on in about two minutes.
 - Can I tell you one more guy who I found out about
 in terms of the annals of cross-channel swimming history.
 This is one of my favorite ever people.
 His name is Bob Platon, I don't know much about him,
 but he crossed the channel on an iron bed stud in 1961,
 which he had attached floating barrels to.
 Then in 1963, he surpassed himself,
 he went over on a barrel with an outboard motor.
 Eventually commercialism crept in in 1969,
 he went across again in a shoe sponsored by British Lather.
 (audience laughing)
 And then in 1965, he crossed in a gin bottle
 sponsored by Gilby's gin.
 - Hang on, where do we get these oversized gin bottles?
 (audience laughing)
 - Bob Platon, what a guy.
 - Okay, it's time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the first item sold on eBay
 was a broken laser pointer.
 - Yeah.
 - And it was bought by a man who collects
 broken laser pointers.
 (audience laughing)
 - Genuinely was, do you think he ever buys
 working laser pointers and then breaks them
 so that they can go in his collection?
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, I guess so.
 - That's a good question because you would have thought
 that the working laser pointer is actually easier
 to come across than a broken laser pointer.
 - Yeah, the guy who sold it, did he know
 that someone might want a broken laser pointer?
 What was he like, just scamming people?
 - It was the creator of eBay.
 So prior to eBay being called eBay,
 it was called Auction Web.
 And Auction Web was his little sideline.
 There's a bit of a mythology that he set it up.
 He set eBay up because his wife had a huge collection
 of pes dispenser as she wanted to get rid of.
 And he thought, let's do it that way.
 And that was actually marketed, I think,
 through eBay themselves saying that was the case.
 Turns out it's not true.
 But so it was the guy who set up eBay.
 - So this guy who started eBay, it was called Auction Web
 but it was on eBay.com I think.
 And he had some other sites on eBay.com as well.
 And one of them was an Ebola information site.
 That was the first thing on eBay.com,
 a place to find out where Ebola's happening around the world.
 - Yeah, he was weirdly obsessed with Ebola, right?
 In the 90s, before it was kind of fashionable.
 (audience laughing)
 And he employed a marketing guy who was like,
 "You really have to take this Ebola shit down.
 No one wants it."
 - People just want to buy stuff.
 - Another thing sold on eBay or what they tried to sell this
 and actually got taken off, Iceland, the country.
 And this was this part of the description.
 Bjork, not included.
 (audience laughing)
 - There was, did you read about the musician who sold,
 what he claimed was the world's longest hula hoop?
 - Oh, yeah. - So it was three inches.
 And this was last year, I think.
 - Whoa.
 (audience laughing)
 - Whoa, no.
 - He's pissed out.
 - How much did he go full?
 - Well, someone bid 712 pounds for it.
 - If I had known about this at the time,
 I'm sorry. - I'm so sorry.
 - I would cheerfully affect three inches of hula hoop.
 - But you know what's really sad about this guy
 or kind of nice.
 He said he was going to use any funds he raised off,
 selling stuff on eBay to fund his commune
 that he wanted to set up.
 And one of the things he first tried to sell
 was his love on eBay.
 (audience laughing)
 He put that up there.
 He said he was willing to sit quietly somewhere
 and send you good vibes and love for five pounds.
 Five pounds was the maximum he got for that.
 And then he got 712 for an oversized hula hoop.
 - Yeah. - Looking at Andy,
 I think you'd rather have the hula hoop.
 - I would definitely rather have the hula hoop.
 - Can you imagine opening the packet and finding that?
 (audience laughing)
 - It would be so exciting.
 I mean, the packets are barely four inches long.
 It's a bit, you know.
 - Sorry. - Let's put love and the love.
 (audience laughing)
 - I want a massive hula hoop.
 (audience laughing)
 - There was actually, I know this seems implausible,
 but this was last year.
 And then there was a 26 year old woman in March,
 this year, who found a bigger hula hoop,
 which she then put on eBay.
 - Did you get more for it?
 - That was five inches long.
 I don't think she actually got off with much,
 'cause the craze was stood over by that point.
 - I feel there isn't enough astonishment
 in the room about this.
 (audience laughing)
 The normal hula hoop is about a 10th as long as that.
 (audience laughing)
 So in 2004, there was a sale on eBay of some water
 that Elvis had left in a cup.
 It went for 237 quid, all the equivalent in dollars.
 And it was from a plastic cup that he'd sit from
 in North Carolina in 1977.
 - But isn't it true that the person who sold it kept the cup?
 - He kept the cup, yes.
 (audience laughing)
 - So he sent out the water, but the cup was, yeah.
 - And he said at the time, I promised this thing
 is 100% legitimate.
 (audience laughing)
 - But did it have a certificate that went with him
 just writing, seriously, I promise.
 (audience laughing)
 Can I mention a few things about lasers?
 - Yeah, yeah. - Because so he broke this,
 the fact was a broken laser pointer.
 I read that the sort of founding father
 of laser technology died just this year.
 Charles Towns, he originally came up not with the laser,
 he sort of had the one just before it was called the laser.
 (audience laughing)
 But I mean, how amazing that he was able to see how far it's come
 and he made it into a Bond movie with his invention.
 Bond's crotch was almost burnt off, wasn't it?
 - By his invention.
 - And the novel apparently it was a circular saw
 that he was attacked by rather than a laser.
 - Really? - Apparently.
 - But they put the laser in the movie
 to make it a bit more exciting.
 The way that they worked it is they had a special effects man
 underneath the table and he was burning,
 cutting through the table from beneath
 with a kind of a torch.
 And apparently because he was doing that,
 it meant that Sean Connery was sweating and worried
 in the same way that he would have been
 if a laser was coming from above
 because not only was this kind of being cut from below,
 the guy below couldn't see where he was cutting through.
 (audience laughing)
 - And also when the director wants the shot to end,
 he'll shout, "Cut."
 (audience laughing)
 - This guy, Charles Townes, when he invented the laser,
 everyone, or as he was proposing it,
 he needed funding and he asked for funding
 and everyone in the scientific community
 thought that he was insane, that it wouldn't work.
 It was going against certain laws that were in place
 about physics and the world.
 And they said that this is why Dr. Schreiber,
 please kind of understand what you're saying.
 (audience laughing)
 We have a lay audience here.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, so science said that it couldn't work
 and so he still went along with it
 and Neil's bore whose very famous physicist said,
 "This is not gonna work."
 To the point where eventually a few scientists said,
 we need to write to him.
 We actually know the letter that was sent to him
 which was by Isadora Isaac Rabi.
 And this is genuine, look, you should stop the work
 you were doing.
 It isn't gonna work.
 You know it's not gonna work.
 We know it's not gonna work.
 You're wasting money, just stop.
 (audience laughing)
 And then three months later was the first successful experiment
 of the laser. - Wow.
 - Yeah. - Oh.
 - Amazing. - That's so cool.
 - Someone's used a laser cutter to imprint a song
 onto a tortilla.
 (audience laughing)
 - It should be, for it to work,
 it should be an uncooked tortilla if you wanted to try it.
 And they printed a Mexican dance onto it.
 It didn't sound very good, actually,
 but you can watch on YouTube.
 - Charles Towns would, I think, be glad to know.
 (audience laughing)
 Okay, we're gonna have to move on to our next fact
 and that is Chazinski.
 - Yes, my fact is that when Alexander Fleming's neighbors
 followed a burglary at his house,
 as a thank you gift, he gave them some mold.
 (audience laughing)
 - This is kind of a predictable possibly
 for everyone who knows who Alexander Fleming is.
 He gave them the mold, not just some mold.
 So he gave them the first penicillin culture.
 So it was really short before he died, actually.
 And his neighbors saw burglars trying to burgl his house
 and they stopped them and they called the police
 and then they received a letter shortly afterwards
 from Alexander Fleming and Mrs. Montgomery,
 his housekeeper, saying, look, enclosed as some mold.
 And then Mrs. Montgomery clarified,
 she wrote something on lines of, as though you didn't know,
 but just in case this set of fare is a blob
 of the original mold of penicillin,
 not to be confused with Gorgonzola cheese.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, I was gonna say, how did they know
 it was the original mold?
 It's a bit like Elvis' water, isn't it?
 It's just a letter saying, no, it really is the original mold.
 - And they kept the petri dish that it had grown in,
 actually, it just gave them the mold.
 (audience laughing)
 - Birmingham had a very high star rating on eBay.
 So I think he was a trustworthy seller by that point.
 So this just went up for auction, didn't it?
 - It sure did, yeah.
 - Yeah, do you know how much it sold for?
 - Go on.
 - Was it 712 pounds in a hotly contested race
 with a three-inch long hula hoop?
 (audience laughing)
 - And you don't know how eBay works.
 (audience laughing)
 Where's one more like ed, the hula hoop on the mold?
 (audience laughing)
 - And he just bids for every single eBay
 in the hope that one day a hula hoop comes.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, it's sold for 4,720 pounds.
 - Do you think that's not much?
 - I'm pissed off.
 - That's such an achievable amount to buy.
 - I'm so glad you said this, it's exactly,
 I wanted to call you up and say,
 why didn't we get together and buy this?
 - Yeah.
 - I think you two aren't too much.
 (audience laughing)
 - I allow myself to work with that boss.
 (audience laughing)
 - But he discovered it really,
 far before it was used in medicine, didn't he?
 He discovered it in about 1928 and then he wrote a paper
 on it saying this has antibiotic properties,
 this could be very useful.
 - He couldn't quite get it working, that was it.
 - Yeah, and nobody paid any attention
 for another 10 years.
 - There was this huge argument over who had really
 invented it or made it useful for mankind.
 - Oh, did they argue over it?
 'Cause they shared the Nobel Prize,
 Flurry and Shane and Fleming.
 - There was a guy called Elmroth Wright who worked with Fleming
 who wrote a letter to the Times saying,
 actually it was me who came up with that, not him.
 And then the press all went down to speak to both of them.
 Fleming worked for this big company actually
 and he was, you know, he did find it,
 but he worked for this big company
 and he was just like a small cog in it really.
 But the press went down to speak to them
 but the reason that we all kind of know Fleming today
 is 'cause he had such a good story.
 He came from a humble background.
 He supposedly came up with it serendipitously
 like there was a little petri dish on his desk
 and it just accidentally grew and it was just a better story.
 And the other story was like basically
 a group of international researchers working in state.
 - Oh, it did.
 - Snore.
 - It was the accidental discovery.
 He went away for a trip and then he came back
 and he found that he had a load of bacterial cultures
 and one of them, the bacteria weren't growing.
 And it was because the mold had supposedly drifted
 through the window.
 - I read a really interesting set of articles
 about the idea that they think that he got to his
 to noticing what was going on because he was an artist.
 He painted, he painted a lot,
 but he didn't use actual colors
 that you would buy in shops and so on.
 He grew his colors in petri dishes.
 - He would like have this petri dish
 with different microbes in there
 and some of them would grow green
 and that would be grass, some would grow blue.
 That would be the sky.
 And it would just make these beautiful little images.
 And the great thing was
 is they would only last for a few like days
 and then they would all grow into each other.
 So it was really a trend.
 - That's amazing.
 Isn't that crazy?
 So he used to paint things like ballerinas, horses,
 mother's feeding children, stick figures, fighting.
 I mean, that's pretty cool.
 - Conveniently, they didn't last long
 'cause out a few days it just appeared.
 So we have no evidence they were any good at all.
 - Well, he used to show them to people
 and people wrote about them
 and one day he showed them to Queen Mary who said,
 "I don't see the points of these."
 (laughing)
 Apparently he was Alexander Fleming
 who was very bad at conversation
 and on his entry on the Oxford Dictionary
 of National Bography, this was how someone put it.
 As one visitor put it, talking with him
 was like playing tennis with a man who,
 whenever you knock the ball over to his side,
 put it in his pocket.
 (laughing)
 - That is such a good description
 of so many conversations we all have.
 (laughing)
 - With James.
 (laughing)
 - I call it fall taller.
 (laughing)
 - He did say I really liked this quote from him
 when he was interviewed about discovering penicillin.
 He said, "When I woke up just after dawn on September 28th,
 "1928, I certainly didn't plan to revolutionize all medicine
 "by discovering the world's first antibiotic,
 "but I suppose that was exactly what I did."
 - Wow.
 - I reckon whatever you had a conversation with him,
 that was always his reply to no matter what you said.
 (laughing)
 - Here's something cool about penicillin.
 So after the, so in about the late 30s, 38, 39,
 it was really, really costly and very, very labor intensive
 to make more of it.
 And you needed 2000 liters of mold culture fluid
 to get enough pure penicillin to treat a single patient.
 So obviously that was incredibly time consuming
 and difficult and laborious.
 So to make up the shortfall, the researchers extracted it
 from the urine of patients who had already taken it.
 So when you take penicillin, 40 to 99% of it
 is excreted about four hours later,
 'cause your kidney's very good at getting rid of it.
 So you could take the urine, crystallize it,
 extract the penicillin, give it to the patient
 in the next bed.
 - Oh, wow, that is strange.
 - So you literally take in the piss?
 - Yes.
 (laughing)
 - This confused me about, so the original fact
 about the penicillin being sold on eBay,
 in the scientific American article
 where I initially read this, the title was,
 Fleming's original penicillin culture sold at auction,
 and then there was a little note at the bottom of corrections
 saying in tiny writing, this article was originally published
 with the title Old Mold Sold.
 (laughing)
 Why did you change that?
 (laughing)
 - So penicillin Camembertie is the mold
 which is used to make Camembert and it's naturally green.
 And so Camembert always used to be green.
 And then suddenly it started to get a bit whiter
 and then humans selected it to get whiter
 and whiter and whiter and now it's white.
 But only a few hundred years ago,
 Camembert was all green.
 - Wow.
 - Is it good for you if you take Camembert here?
 - It's, three times a day.
 (laughing)
 - I would say it's worth a try.
 - Yeah.
 - In Asia and Egypt,
 they used to whack moldy bread onto their wounds.
 I think they did.
 And they thought that that was one of the first uses
 of the effects of penicillin, essentially.
 - And the way that they used to make Camembert
 is they used to get bread and put it in a cave.
 And then the bread would get moldy and moldy
 and then they'd get the bread out
 and then kind of turn it into a dust
 and then they put the dust into the cheese
 and that's how they got Camembert.
 - We're gonna have to move on.
 I got one last thing.
 Penicillin, the name itself, penicillin,
 he didn't come up with for quite a few months.
 So he had a working title.
 I think they should have kept it.
 Mold juice.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, time for our final fact of the evening
 and that is James Harkin.
 - Okay, my fact this week is
 that the earliest known ice cream recipe
 suggests flavoring with poo.
 (laughing)
 - If this is what Harkin as Belgian chocolate is,
 I'm gonna be pretty upset.
 (laughing)
 - No, they offered lots of different things.
 Orange, flour, water was one of the things.
 And the other one was ambergree, which is whale poo.
 - Oh, that's not human poo.
 I've won't sell disappointed.
 (laughing)
 - So yeah, ambergree is sperm whale poo.
 It's when a sperm whale eats a squid
 and the beak is indigestible.
 And so its body creates mucus and vomity covering
 of the squid's beak.
 And then it expels it almost always through the anus.
 And people in the olden days really like the taste of it.
 And they describe it as earthy and mildly fecal.
 - Wow.
 - And apparently this was the kind of thing
 you flavored ice cream with at the back of the day.
 - It floats around, doesn't it?
 On the sea for months or sometimes years.
 'Cause only about 1% of sperm whales produce ambergree
 and they're not that many sperm whales.
 And so as it floats, it hardens and it changes
 and it takes on a much more perfumey aroma
 than you would think it would have.
 - And it's worth a fortune if you find it on the shore
 because it's what they use for--
 - Although it's some countries you're not allowed to sell it
 and a lot of places use fake ambergree now,
 but yeah, if you can find the buyer,
 you can sell it for a lot of money.
 - Because it's used in perfume, right?
 So-- - Yeah, it used to be at least.
 - Well, a lot of perfume companies,
 so there's actually a really good book on this
 called Floating Gold.
 But perfume companies tend to deny that they use it,
 but this guy found a lot of people who sell ambergree
 to a lot of companies like Chanel, et cetera.
 So yeah, they still use--
 And apparently it does smell delicious and incredible.
 - The worst thing about it is to make it
 to put the stuff into the food,
 you would make a tincture of ambergree.
 And to make that, you had to warm it very slowly.
 And the way that they would do that is either put it
 in the sun, but if it wasn't sunny,
 you would put it in hot dung--
 - Ah, wow.
 - So if it wasn't fecal enough,
 you had to make it a little bit more fecal
 before putting it in your ice cream.
 - I have a story about finding it thing, finding it on the beach.
 So in 2013, there was a dog water on a beach in Lancashire,
 and he found a three kilo lump, and that is huge.
 I mean, you get the smallest 15 grams of the lumps of ambergree.
 And the report said it could be worth up to 100,000 pounds,
 and one French expert offered him 50,000 euros
 if it checked out.
 And he said, it smelled horrible.
 I left it, came back home, and looked it up on the internet.
 When I saw how much it could be worth,
 I went back and grabbed it.
 And then there was another story in the same newspaper,
 two months later, which revealed it wasn't ambergree.
 And he said, if I had my time again,
 I would kick the rock to one side and walk away.
 I wish I'd never found it.
 - I read the article as well, and it said,
 it turned out to be just a smelly rock.
 Can we talk about poo very quickly?
 - Yes, please.
 - Okay, cool.
 There's a museum in Tasmania called Mona.
 If you don't know Mona, it's very famous, very good museum.
 - It's incredible best gallery I've ever been in my life,
 by the way.
 - So there's an art exhibition in the Mona Museum
 that takes a poo at 2 p.m. every day.
 - Sorry.
 - The exhibition itself takes a poo.
 - It's actually a very sick museum employee.
 (laughing)
 They were actually little plaques next to him.
 - He's been trying to pass it off as,
 though it must have been the museum that took the poo.
 (laughing)
 They have an installation which has been designed by someone
 which replicates the actions of a human digestive system,
 so it starts, it gets fed twice a day,
 and at 2 p.m. every day it produces a poo
 and lats out the poo.
 - Great.
 - Yeah, they did it because they had a really successful
 exhibit just before it called the vomit room.
 Sounds like an amazing museum.
 They call it the adult's Disneyland.
 - It is?
 - I mean, is it still a poo?
 (laughing)
 - Again, we've gone philosophical, but I think,
 that's what I'm sort of, hmm, all right.
 - That's so soft on ice cream, maybe.
 - Yeah.
 - In Uta Pradesh in 2007,
 you could buy something called Hitler ice cream.
 This was basically ice cream
 with a big picture of Hitler of it.
 - It wasn't, it wasn't flavored, right?
 (laughing)
 And apparently the people that didn't really realize
 the problem with doing such a thing,
 the guy who was selling it when interviews said,
 "One of my uncles is a short tempered and strict man,
 "so we nicknamed him Hitler and we called it after him."
 (laughing)
 It's a good excuse.
 But they have form actually in India.
 In 2000, in the same year, actually, in Mumbai,
 there was a whole furnishing firm
 who did bedsheets called the Nazi collection,
 which were full of swastikers.
 But when they were asked about it,
 they said that Nazi stood for new arrival zone for India.
 (laughing)
 Wow.
 Very quick thinking, actually.
 Did you guys know that Ben and Jerry's
 has an ice cream flavor graveyard?
 (laughing)
 - No, really.
 - It's so cool.
 So it's for every ice cream flavor that has died over the years,
 which is actually quite a lot, such a gross ad.
 And they, it's a real graveyard.
 They've got tombstones in there.
 - Yes.
 - They've got the name of the ice cream on the tombstones.
 And then they've written a little individual poem
 for each ice cream that's died a terrible death.
 And it's brilliant.
 - So some examples are the ice cream shwetty balls.
 (laughing)
 - Why are they after they get rid of that?
 - It's so impossible to know.
 Seems like a winner.
 - What did it taste like?
 (laughing)
 - I don't think we need to answer that.
 No, apparently that was based on a Saturday Night Live sketch
 from the '90s where Alec Baldwin talks
 about shwetty balls ice cream, I don't know.
 But yeah, that did not last very long.
 There's a vermonty python ice cream, which also died.
 - Oh yeah.
 - There is right then.
 Is it dead or isn't it?
 No, it isn't.
 Yes, it is.
 No, it isn't.
 Rubbish.
 You're a loonie.
 No, I'm not.
 Like it.
 (laughing)
 - Makes sense, right?
 - Yeah, great.
 - I didn't know that I feel like I might be the only person
 that didn't know this.
 But I didn't realize that Hagen does wasn't a real name.
 In terms of, I thought Hagen does the ice cream was called
 Hagen does because either there were two people
 one called Hagen, one called does.
 - Yeah, that sounds reasonable.
 - So what it was was a Polish guy lived in New York
 and he wanted just a nice Danish sounding name.
 And his daughter said they would sit around the table
 and he'd be like, "Splagen Mars, vegan Mars, vegan does."
 Hagen does.
 And they went, "That sounds good."
 That's why they called it.
 It was him around the dinner table going,
 "Hagen does, that Hagen does."
 And they named it there.
 - Same for Rolex.
 There are lots of very vexed etymologies.
 We don't really know where it comes from.
 There are a few theories about it,
 but they all contradict each other.
 - Well, they think they just made it up
 'cause it sounded nice.
 - Maybe.
 Yeah, that's one of the theories.
 - Uncle Ben's rice is made by--
 - Don't tell me Uncle Ben doesn't exist, James.
 - I'm really sorry.
 - Come on.
 - It was made by a German guy, German company,
 and they called it Uncle Ben's to make it sound more American.
 - Oh, I don't like to hear that.
 - Wow.
 - Wow.
 - Mr. Whippy, do you know where that came from?
 You know, Mr. Whippy or South Scoop, if you're American?
 Ice cream.
 - It's not a story that it came from Margaret Thatcher.
 - Yeah, there's a story that Margaret Thatcher
 was on the original team which developed Mr. Whippy ice cream.
 But I think it's not really true, is it?
 - She was, I think she was a chemist.
 - That's for the company at the time.
 - She did work on ice cream, but not specifically on that.
 - But the time that we came up with, the idea of softer ice cream
 as a concept, a revolutionary idea, as everyone agrees,
 is this guy called Tom Carvell, who was an American,
 and he just sold ice cream and his truck broke down
 in some really hot American state.
 He got a flat tire, and so he had to pull over,
 and his ice cream was not melting,
 and he was like, "Oh, Margaret, what do I do with this?"
 And someone came up and said, "Oh, can I bite that?"
 And he realized they had just moving ice cream stool,
 and people wanted to buy melting ice cream.
 And so he stayed there.
 He set up shop next to a pottery shop, I think.
 And that's how where Mr. Whippy came,
 was melting ice cream accidentally,
 another accidental invention, much like penicillin.
 - I didn't mean to revolutionize ice cream when I got up today.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay, I think we need to wrap up.
 We've run out of time, everyone.
 Okay, that's it, that's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us
 about the stuff we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found on Twitter.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy at Andrew Hunter M.
 James. - @Xshaped.
 - Chazinsky.
 - You can email podcast@QI.com.
 - Yep, and you can also head to nosuchthingasafish.com.
 That's our website, where all of our previous episodes
 are up there, or go to our Twitter handle @QIPodcast.
 We'll be back again next week.
 Thank you so much, everyone, who's here.
 Thank you guys so much for coming along.
 (audience applauding)
 Yeah, we'll see you then, goodbye.
 (audience applauding)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
