 Hey everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Fish.
 I just want to let you know that the episode
 you're about to listen to was recorded live
 at the London Podcast Festival at King's Place
 and that it was recorded just a few weeks ago.
 That's right, we actually managed to do a live gig
 in the year 2020.
 It was such a fun night.
 It was actually the first time that the four of us
 had been in a room together
 since this whole pandemic kicked off.
 It's about seven months.
 So that was incredibly fun.
 It was amazing to see some of the fish listeners
 sitting out there in the audience,
 all sitting there with their masks on,
 spread out around the auditorium
 so that we could make sure everyone was nicely,
 socially distanced from each other.
 And so big thank you to them.
 Big thank you to everyone who joined us online
 to watch it as it streamed.
 It was our first ever global gig as a result.
 And most importantly, a big thank you
 to the staff at King's Place
 who made sure everyone felt safe going ahead with this gig.
 So yeah, we hope you enjoy it.
 It's our first gig of the year,
 possibly our last, hopefully not.
 But here it is, live in London in the year 2020.
 Enjoy.
 Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live
 from the London Podcast Festival.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Shriver.
 I'm sitting here with Anna Tachinsky,
 Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my fact this week,
 my fact is that Theodore Roosevelt
 once was shot in the chest but survived
 thanks to a 50 page long speech tucked into his coat pocket.
 He delivered the speech reading from pages
 that now had two massive bullet holes in them.
 Wow.
 And he did a speech which lasted about 90 minutes.
 Wow.
 And that's where the idea of bullet points came from,
 isn't it?
 Come on, it's been seven months.
 (audience cheering)
 Yeah, this happened in 1912.
 He was in Milwaukee.
 He was on his way to the Milwaukee Auditorium
 and he was in an open top car.
 And as he was standing up to wave,
 a gunman who was called John Shrank
 shot him in the chest, basically at point blank range.
 And the bullet still went into his body
 and was lodged inside his body.
 But rather than go to the hospital,
 he said, "I'll just quickly do my 90 minute speech."
 And you can actually see if you go online,
 they have in a museum the pages of this speech.
 And when I say massive bullet holes,
 they are ginormous, these two ginormous bullet holes.
 But yeah, he was a badass like that.
 He was a badass, like, to make sure
 that it hadn't penetrated his lungs,
 he coughed into his hand three times
 and checked for blood to make sure
 that he didn't have to go to hospital.
 That's pretty hard car, isn't it?
 All of his aides were sort of standing around
 'cause they were quite nervous about this.
 They thought he should go to hospital.
 Lots of the crowd, he announced right at the start,
 he said, "Friends, I should ask you to be
 "as quiet as possible.
 "I don't know whether you fully understand
 "that I have just been shot."
 And so people were standing around,
 it's sort of ready to catch him
 at the side of the stage, basically.
 And he kept glaring at them
 and he refused to even cut it short.
 - Did he not have to miss out the odd word
 that the bullet holes had gone through?
 - Oh, yeah.
 - It actually didn't make any sense at all, the speech.
 - Yeah, it kind of came out as like a redacted speech
 that he wasn't giving us all the info on.
 - Did you guys see this?
 This allegedly happened when he announced,
 by the way, I've just been shot right at the top
 before he got into the actual stuff that was on his pages.
 Apparently, when he said that,
 someone in the crowd shouted, "Fake."
 (laughing)
 - Well, I didn't know Donald Trump was alive back then.
 - Supposedly, he stepped forward and said,
 "No, no, it's real, here's my beanie shirt."
 - The guy had to come up and put his finger in the hole to me, too.
 - They left the bullet in, didn't they?
 Forever and ever, I think,
 'cause it was too dangerous to extract it,
 so just kept it in forever.
 But he sent a telegram to his wife,
 I think, straight after giving the speech,
 he dictated a telegram to her
 when he was on his way to hospital saying,
 "He was in excellent shape and he just had a little injury,
 "no more serious than one of the trivial injuries
 "that kids were always getting."
 (laughing)
 Their children were neglected is what I've read into that.
 It is one of those things that makes you understand
 why there are generations who say,
 "Oh, they don't make the might they used to."
 You can't imagine the, you know, us snowflakes standing there
 and delivering a 90-minute podcast
 with bullet holes through our chests.
 I wouldn't do it, I'm not gonna lie.
 - Yeah, it's very weird.
 I mean, what was interesting about him was,
 he was very much into physical exertion.
 He was in pushing his body all the time
 to sort of be the strongest he can be.
 There's accounts of him where he would hang a wire
 over a river and it would be a fast flowing,
 very dangerous river with currents
 and he would just hang on the rope
 just to bring his body strength better.
 But like the risk of if he'd fallen into the water
 would be possible drowning
 and he was just like always on the edge.
 - Well, do you know that's because he was brought up that way.
 His parents were something called muscular Christians.
 - What?
 That sounds so cool.
 - It sounds half-cool, doesn't it?
 - Oh, they worship at the church
 of our blessed lady of the six pack, don't they?
 Yeah, yeah, what is a muscular Christian?
 - It's pretty much exactly what it sounds like.
 So the idea was to be a good Christian.
 You had to kind of look after your body
 and be really muscular.
 It was quite, I wouldn't say misogynistic,
 but it was of its time.
 Like it was basically men should be strong
 and they should look after the women kind of thing.
 And it was quite popular in America at the time.
 And according to Wikipedia, I read this verbatim,
 it said muscular Christianity spread to other countries
 in the 19th century.
 It was well-entrenched in Australian society by 1860,
 though not always with much recognition
 of the religious elements.
 (audience laughing)
 Simon, that explains quite a lot, doesn't it?
 - But he was quite a wimp initially, wasn't he, Teddy?
 In his childhood, he was, well, a wimp is harsh.
 He had asthma.
 So...
 (audience laughing)
 - That tells you a lot about Anna in the school yard,
 doesn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 - I had a very specific role in the playground.
 (audience laughing)
 No, he had a really difficult childhood.
 He had really bad asthma and he was,
 he described himself as quite sickly and quite weak.
 And he got beaten up as a teenager
 and found he couldn't defend himself.
 And so he demanded boxing lessons from his dad
 and got them and he devoted himself completely
 to becoming someone who was able to beat the bullies
 in the future. - Yeah.
 - And yeah, it was hardcore.
 There's lots of sources that say he was the first American
 to get a brown belt in Judo,
 which, like a lot of his biographies claim,
 he was certainly very good at Judo.
 - What's brown, definitely, is below black, right?
 - It's below black, yeah.
 - That's not, like, the greatest boast.
 - It's the one below black, okay?
 Just 'cause brown's a bit of a yucky color.
 - No, it's just, but then black just has, like,
 these extra, like, first and second down.
 Like, black goes on, it's fine.
 We'll talk later.
 - All right, Dan, you come back to me
 when you've got a black belt in Judo.
 - I have one in Taekwondo, I'll have you know.
 - Second Dan, yeah. - Oh, yeah, you do.
 - That's great.
 - There were two Dan's in the class with that.
 (audience laughing)
 - He, I think as well,
 I think he had mega anger issues as well,
 because he wouldn't let something go.
 There was a story that happened in 1886.
 We still have second Danning, is that what's going on?
 - Sorry, I'm just laughing at my own joke over here.
 (audience laughing)
 - So good to see you again.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, so 1886, Roosevelt, his boat was stolen
 by these two thieves, and they took the boat
 and they started riding it away.
 And rather than letting it go, he was like,
 "No, I'm gonna chase them, and I'm gonna get it back."
 And he knew that they had such a head start
 that this would take days.
 So he was like, "Screw it, I'm doing it anyway."
 So he decided to do it.
 And this is how preparative he was.
 He took food that he wanted to take in pursuit.
 He also took a copy of Anna Karenina,
 because he thought, "Oh."
 - It's hard to protect him from the next bullet.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, no, I think it was downtime
 that he was like, "Just gonna bring a bullet."
 - Anna Karenina, that's Tolstoy, isn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, so he was effectively a cowboy
 for some of his pre-presidency life.
 And he, I think this may have been the same incident,
 but he was chasing outlaws.
 I don't know if he was kind of a deputy sheriff
 or a deputy marshal, something like that.
 He was chasing three outlaws at one point.
 He caught them.
 He then had to watch them for 40 hours
 when he was sort of bringing them in.
 And he kept himself awake by reading Tolstoy.
 - Yeah, that was it.
 He was reading and he was holding his shotgun
 over the kind of bad guys.
 He was reading like this. - No way.
 - And he finished Anna Karenina halfway through the 40 hours
 and he was like, "Well, what am I gonna do now?"
 And one of the outlaws had a book
 and he said, "Give me your book."
 And he started reading his book.
 - Oh, what's so funny?
 Did he read it to them?
 - I don't think so.
 - Was it like Theodore Roosevelt's
 lethal audio book time?
 Or was it?
 - Yeah, 'cause Anna Karenina loses her head at the end.
 Maybe he was like, "This is what's gonna happen to you."
 - Wow. - And spoiler.
 - I cannot let you--
 - If you haven't read Anna Karenina dead by then.
 - She loses her head, either metaphorically or literally.
 We won't specify which, but it involves a train.
 - There is no one, there is no one listening to our podcast
 that has not read Anna Karenina.
 - I actually can't believe you just did that.
 I think we've just lost all the online listeners
 and some people at the back have walked out.
 And also, I don't think she's not leaning over
 to vomit on the railway.
 The train doesn't knock her head off
 as far as I remember.
 It's just a full on death by train
 if we are really revealing the ending.
 - I think we've committed now, so yeah, go for it.
 I think it's amazing.
 It's a thing that's sort of not attached
 to 19th century outlaw folktales
 that there's always a sort of break to read a book
 during a chase.
 - Always carry a book.
 - Everyone's got a book on them.
 How cool is that?
 - It's the outlaw code.
 - Yeah, I just wonder what the outlaws book was.
 'Cause it can't have been more Tolstoy.
 What are the odds of them having--
 - Unlikely.
 - It's probably something really--
 - How to steal a boat.
 - He had cowboy practice actually when he was a kid.
 His parents used to stick him on a horse
 or in a carriage just behind a horse
 and make the horse gallop at breakneck speed
 as fast as it possibly could with his mouth open.
 Not the horse, Teddy with his mouth open.
 'Cause they thought that would cure his asthma.
 - No.
 - Really?
 - It doesn't feel like that would work.
 - Well.
 - Look, have you tried it?
 - I'm not a doctor.
 - But didn't Thomas Jefferson tried to,
 and I think thought he successfully cured his diarrhea
 by horseback riding.
 - That feels like that would cure your constipation
 rather than your diarrhea.
 - Yeah, you would think right.
 Yeah, but maybe it floods it out.
 - Yeah.
 - But you put asthma sufferers on the carriage behind him
 and that's two birds one stone.
 - I just love all these old horse prescriptions.
 Get on a horse and yeah.
 - Theodore Roosevelt kind of invented piranhas.
 - Wow.
 - Interesting, he, and I stand by this, so.
 - Wait, I know what's happened.
 Andy, you've got my notes.
 Sorry.
 - No, he did, he genuinely did.
 So he wrote a book, I think it was in about 1913.
 So he'd already been president by this point
 and he'd been shot and everything.
 But he was, he did lots of expeditions
 and big game hunting and all of this.
 He wrote this book through the Brazilian wilderness
 and in it he has this long bit describing
 these ferocious piranhas that you get in the Amazon
 and how they can strip a cow's flesh from its bones
 in a few minutes.
 And he said that they will snap a finger off a hand
 in cautiously trailed in the water.
 I never witnessed an exhibition
 of such impotent savage fury.
 So that's all, it's basically all thanks to him.
 But the reason, I mean piranhas don't do that
 unless they're really, unless it's really dry
 and they're really crammed in together
 and they're really, really hungry.
 Some of them are vegetarian, for example.
 But.
 (audience laughs)
 - The ethical piranhas.
 There are more and more of them.
 But they reckon that maybe, this is just a theory,
 that when he was visiting the area
 where he saw this kind of exhibition display
 of piranha activity, it's because his hosts
 had blocked off a bit of the river,
 chucked a load of piranhas in there,
 let it dry out, not fed them at all.
 And so by the time the Roosevelt arrived,
 they were really, really, really ready to eat.
 That's what made it like that.
 - And are you saying he invented the piranha
 because he sort of invented our idea
 of the piranha as a very vicious animal?
 - Yeah.
 - That's fair.
 - I see.
 It's half fair, yeah.
 (audience laughs)
 He was a tough boss.
 Given that he was a tough man,
 he kind of expected the same from his cabinet, for instance.
 He had this thing called the tennis cabinet,
 which was initially started as a way of him exercising
 with all his kind of younger employees.
 And so his younger ministers would go out
 and play tennis with him.
 And he thought tennis actually was really dull
 'cause he didn't really get to fight each other hand-to-hand.
 And so, what the tennis cabinet became was, every day,
 they had to get together and they picked a target on a map.
 And without checking any of the terrain,
 whether it was full of rivers or mountains or piranhas,
 they had to just walk to that target without stopping
 and without diverting from a straight course.
 And so they ended up doing things like,
 at one point, they were all made to swim
 through a half-frozen river.
 And, yeah, if you survive that.
 - When he was president.
 - Yeah. - Wow.
 - Yeah, it's his cabinet.
 Well, then he used to have these big boxing fights
 in the White House, didn't he?
 Where he invited professional boxers to come and fight him.
 - Really? (audience laughs)
 - Yeah.
 You were asked to come and beat up the president.
 - I imagine if the current president offered that
 in the White House. - I imagine the queue.
 (audience laughs)
 - We're gonna have to move on very shortly.
 - Oh, well, we have to talk about the most hardcore member
 of the Roosevelt family, which is his daughter, Alice.
 She was amazing.
 She basically was such a handful.
 At one stage, Roosevelt said,
 she kind of interrupted when he was doing something.
 He said, "I can either run the country
 "or I can attend to Alice, but I cannot possibly do both."
 - Wow. - And she was,
 totally hardcore.
 - I mean, to be fair, it sounds like he was basically
 running a fight club instead of being president.
 (audience laughs)
 - She was wild, 'cause he,
 she had a bit of a traumatizing upbringing,
 because so his wife and mother died on the same day,
 and he was very upset about that, understandably.
 And he refused to ever speak his wife's name again.
 But awkwardly, his wife's name was Alice,
 as was his daughter's.
 And so he never, he refused to ever say his daughter's name.
 - What?
 - So she was a bit messed up about that,
 and then they sort of made friends again a bit,
 but she used to do crazy stuff.
 Like she smoked publicly on the roof of the White House.
 She played poker.
 She partied all night.
 She kept, so she carried bag around with her all the time,
 in which she just kept a dagger,
 her pet snake, who was called Emily Spinich,
 (audience laughs)
 and a copy of the Constitution.
 (audience laughs)
 - Sorry, the snake was called what?
 - Oh, Emily Spinich.
 - Emily Spinich, great.
 And a copy of the Constitution.
 - The Constitution, the US Constitution, yes.
 - Was that a tip from her dad,
 in case you go out and assassinate him?
 - It was, yeah, fold it up, yeah.
 - The reason that she smoked on top of the White House roof
 was because he said he forbade her
 from smoking cigarettes under my roof.
 And so she's like, "Fuck it, I'll go on the roof then."
 (audience laughs)
 - Ah, what a dick, that's so wonderful.
 - And then once Roosevelt left,
 and the next guy came in who was Taft,
 and then Woodrow Wilson afterwards,
 she was banned from the White House, wasn't she?
 - Oh yeah, was that when she buried a voodoo doll
 of someone under the, in the grounds?
 - She buried a voodoo doll of Taft's wife
 under the grounds before she left.
 And then she made some kind of rybald joke
 about Woodrow Wilson that no matter how much you Google,
 you can never find this joke.
 Believe me, that's how I spent the last five days
 to find this joke.
 But yeah, everyone hated her, who came after her,
 and they wouldn't layer in the White House at all.
 - Wow, the woman who made a joke
 that's too rude for the internet.
 - Yeah.
 (upbeat music)
 - We need to move on to our next fact.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that some squirrels can put themselves
 in a deep freeze for the winter,
 then thaw themselves out to have a pee,
 and then freeze themselves again.
 (audience laughing)
 Yeah, they're very cool.
 - They have a piss break during hibernation.
 - Well, seems to be, yeah.
 So this is the Arctic ground squirrel,
 and they are the most extreme hibernators on the planet.
 They live so far north.
 They hibernate for about 270 days of the year.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - Imagine not leaving your house for 270 days.
 (audience laughing)
 - They don't even have Netflix, James.
 They don't have anything.
 So yeah, they slow down so much
 that their hearts beat twice a minute
 when they're in this sort of deep, deep chill state.
 They can stop breathing for several minutes at a time
 when they're in this state,
 and most of their body gets down
 to almost minus three degrees Celsius.
 It's incredibly cold.
 We don't know how they do it,
 but they don't freeze,
 as in ice crystals don't form throughout them.
 They have some way of stopping little ice crystals forming,
 and so, 'cause that would kill them, obviously,
 but they aren't that cold,
 and they just look like little stones
 on the ground, basically.
 - Yeah, so if you've got a bottle of water
 and you can kind of make it go really, really, really cold,
 but then there's nothing for the ice to form around,
 then it won't freeze.
 And that's the same with these squirrels.
 But what that means is,
 if you pick up one of these squirrels that's hibernating
 and shake it, it will die.
 (audience laughing)
 - So don't do that.
 - Would it freeze at the same time?
 - You would shake it, and then it would like--
 - Smashing twice, wouldn't it?
 - Yeah, yeah, it'd be like a frozen squirrel.
 - And is that because shaking it,
 you get a bit of debris in,
 and as soon as you get a tiny particle into their body,
 presumably it gets into their blood and it freezes it?
 - Exactly, even just by shaking it,
 a little bit of carbon dioxide inside the blood
 might just come free,
 and then that would, everything would nuclear around that.
 - But they do have these periodic wake-ups, don't they?
 - Yes.
 - Where they sort of wean,
 actually don't do much else, really.
 In fact, I think, largely, they don't even urinate.
 They just wake up in order to go to sleep.
 (audience laughing)
 - Which is amazing, right?
 - Yeah.
 - I always thought hibernation was sleep,
 but no, it sounds snackering.
 - Yeah, it's absolutely exhausting.
 So they've got this store of fat between their shoulders,
 which apparently acts as sort of thermostat.
 It's the only bit of them that's staying functional
 when they hibernate, and when they get a bit too cold,
 they shiver themselves awake,
 and if you watch a video of them, it is very sweet.
 They're a little ball that starts shivering
 until the little ball of fat pumps blood around,
 and it's just so that they can wake up out of hibernation
 in order to have eight hours good sleep,
 and go into their REM cycles, have some dreams,
 and then, otherwise, they get sleep-deprived in hibernation.
 - I don't know if you guys read this,
 'cause you said they had dreams.
 I read one article, and it was from Brian Barnes,
 who is the main guy on this subject,
 and he said that they take a lot of magic mushrooms
 just before hibernation, and nobody knows why they do it.
 Well, they're trying to get as much fat as possible,
 so they're trying to eat as much as possible,
 but it just so happens that the thing that they eat
 are these mushrooms, which are hallucinogenic,
 and we don't know whether it gives them crazy dreams
 for the 270 days, or whether the liver might be able
 to detoxify it or something, so we don't really know,
 but it could be that for that whole 270 days,
 they're just thinking of dogs with nine legs.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's so cool.
 They're quite chemically altered in lots of ways,
 'cause I don't know that, but the other thing they do
 to survive is that they produce steroids in their body,
 massive, massive levels of steroids
 during the summer months when they're building up,
 and they build their muscles by a third in size.
 They increase by a third in just a few weeks,
 and now, normally, that would lead to what we call
 the thyroid rage, extra aggressive behavior, real fury.
 - Tiny testicles.
 - Tiny testicles.
 - And a deep urge to spread Christianity, of course.
 (audience laughing)
 - But for some reason, they don't go into a rage,
 so they can survive the testosterone coursing around them,
 and the males have to stop when they do hibernate,
 and then, this is a bit weird,
 but their testicles shrink a lot,
 so we see that.
 But then, when they wake up, their testicles swell hugely,
 and they get a massive extra rush of testosterone
 when they wake up the next time round,
 and they basically go through puberty again.
 They basically do this every year.
 - That's rough.
 - Yeah.
 - That is rough.
 - And the males live way shorter than females do.
 They live about six years, and when they wake up,
 they do actually go into a sort of fighting frenzy
 with other males, and then they have puberty,
 and then they hope to mate, and then,
 I think the reason they live shorter is
 because they have to go through puberty six times
 in their life, and it's too embarrassing.
 (laughter)
 - The voice drop it, where it's a bit wobbly, yeah.
 - The acne again.
 (laughter)
 They all wake for longer than the females, though, aren't they?
 They go to sleep a bit later than the ladies.
 They sort of store food in a little cache,
 whereas the ladies just fall asleep,
 and they wake up earlier in order to kind of
 start getting ready for mating,
 and essentially, the females wake up
 about three weeks after the males,
 and their entire waking life is waking up
 immediately being mated with,
 within 12 hours of waking up by a male,
 being pregnant, gestating for 25 days,
 caring for the young for 10 weeks, going back to sleep.
 That's their lives.
 - They probably need a lot of sleep after all that, though,
 don't they, fairness? - They do.
 - They have very weird burrow systems,
 or very clever burrow systems, actually,
 so they have three different kinds of house.
 They don't just have one basic burrow.
 The way they know that is 'cause when you're researching
 arctic ground squirrels, when researchers are researching them,
 they have to make really detailed maps
 of where all the burrow entrances and exits are,
 so that if you take one away to study them,
 when you put them back, you put them at the right door,
 like you don't put them in someone else's house.
 - So they don't notice when they wake up.
 They have no idea someone's been
 and rearranged the house, basically.
 - I guess so, yeah, they don't wake up and go,
 "Where am I? That's not my picture."
 - You could put them the other way around
 when they're hibernating just to freak them out.
 - So they think, "Oh, lovely, I'll go to sleep facing
 "my favorite nut," or whatever.
 And then they wake up facing their second favorite nut,
 and you've... - That's like my wife.
 She goes to sleep facing her first favorite, Dan,
 and she wakes up with a second, Dan.
 - I mean, it did sound like you were gonna say
 "facing her first favorite nut."
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh, poor woman.
 - I was just a steer away for a second,
 but on hibernation, I was reading a blog
 about hibernating hedgehogs,
 and there was this wonderful thing where a person says,
 "A way that you can tell that a hedgehog is hibernating
 "is 'cause they look like they're dead, basically,
 "if you go up to them, they're in the ball.
 "All you need to do is go right up to one,
 "put your ear next to one, and you know it's hibernating
 "'cause you can hear it snoring."
 It's not sweet, a little (snoring)
 of a hedgehog, and they snore when they hibernate,
 not all of them sometimes, and possibly not even then,
 but it's, yeah, it's just from a blog, but...
 - That's really sweet.
 I have a fact about squirrels, other squirrels,
 Californian ground squirrels,
 slightly different kind of ground squirrel.
 So in 1918, California basically decided to wage war
 on the squirrels, and they had something called Squirrel Week,
 where posters were put up all over the state,
 encouraging the children of California
 to kill as many squirrels as they could.
 - Whoa.
 - And there were posters, just aimed at children,
 saying things like, "Slay the mother squirrel
 "during breeding season, March to May,"
 'cause they were quite invasive, and they ate a lot of crops,
 and they carried bubonic plague, which is a bad thing,
 so there were reasons for it, but it was pretty dark,
 so there was a pamphlet which advised how you could hook up
 your exhaust pipe to a squirrel burrow.
 - Jesus.
 - And wipe out a whole batch of them, like that.
 And they were depicted with little German soldier helmets,
 because the First World War was still going on.
 It was saying, "We may be fighting Germany,
 "but we're also fighting the squirrels."
 In Squirrel Week, the children of California
 killed 104,000 squirrels just in that week.
 - Oh.
 - And there were prizes for the schools that did best.
 - Yeah, wasn't there one girl who had like a kill list
 of over 3,000, alone?
 - I don't know, I didn't know that.
 - Yeah, she was like the head of the top of the pack.
 - She went on to single-handedly defeat the Nazis
 to be on the following wall.
 (laughing)
 - The Cape Ground Squirrel is an interesting ground squirrel,
 and that's because they can self-filate,
 and not only can they do, they do so.
 (laughing)
 - You would.
 - It's not like you and me just telling people we can do.
 They prove it.
 - Prove it.
 (laughing)
 - For God's sake, don't prove it.
 (laughing)
 - Not before you showed me your favorite nuts.
 Right.
 (laughing)
 Can I get on about this self-masturbating squirrel?
 - You know self-masturbating is the only
 kind of masturbating, James.
 (laughing)
 - Well.
 (laughing)
 Go on.
 - If I do the fact, some of it might get in the podcast.
 - 'Cause if I masturbate a pig for the...
 (laughing)
 - I don't think you're masturbating.
 I think you're just...
 - You're giving it a handy.
 - Yeah.
 - No, no, no, no.
 Because there's a breeding program for pigs.
 I'm not just, I'm not just...
 Sorry, just to dress the seam.
 (laughing)
 I think I would be masturbating that pig.
 - I think technically that's probably not true.
 - Really?
 - I would say technically.
 - Well, I've gotta go and refill in all the forms now.
 (laughing)
 - You've gotta rename the blog.
 (laughing)
 - So, squirrels, they do it supposedly
 as a form of self-medication, okay?
 And the idea is that if they clean their genitals,
 it might stop them from getting an STI, okay?
 And the best way for them to do that is to masturbate.
 However, they live in the desert
 and they can't afford to lose any water.
 And so they need to get the water back into their body.
 And so they clean their genitals
 and they take in their fluids.
 - Okay.
 It's base two and base three is what you're saying.
 (laughing)
 - Base five.
 Golly.
 - Well, gosh.
 - Now, whatever works.
 - That's the thing about this podcast,
 you always learn something you didn't know before.
 - But there are, yeah.
 Right, well, let's.
 - We've actually got to move on, guys.
 (laughing)
 We don't actually need to, but I really think we should.
 (laughing)
 I have one more thing about,
 this was about going to the Lou in the middle of the night.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - So Victorian tourists, I mean 19th century tourists,
 what you would do if you were a tourist in France
 because lots of, you know, accommodation
 would not have much in the way of sanitation.
 Women would purchase an object
 which was sold called the Inodorous Standard Pale,
 okay, and pale is in bucket.
 And it had a mahogany rim
 and a hermetically closing cover.
 And it was basically a,
 what are we calling it, kind of chamber pot.
 But the brilliant thing was
 it was disguised as a hat box
 so that you could carry it around without embarrassment.
 (laughing)
 - But you definitely don't want to put your hats in it.
 If someone asks, can I borrow your hat box?
 I've got a hat spare hat I need to carry.
 What is the excuse,
 the recommended excuse you're supposed to cook?
 - I don't know.
 - But it is a good excuse
 if you accidentally piss in someone's hat box.
 (laughing)
 - We need to move on to our next fact.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that in 1385,
 a four year court case began
 after two nights embarrassingly turned up to a battle
 wearing the same coat of arms.
 (laughing)
 How embarrassing.
 - Yeah, were they completely mortified?
 Did someone go home?
 Did they both fight the battle?
 - They both fought the battle.
 It was a bit later that the court case happened.
 So this was during the Hundred Years War with France
 in 1385 and Scotland had signed a pact with France
 and some French soldiers had arrived
 north of the border.
 And so Richard II just come of age
 trying to kind of show that he meant business.
 He decided he was gonna invade Scotland.
 And so they all went over this big army
 to invade Scotland.
 And when they did, there was a guy called Richard Scroop,
 spelled Scroop but pronounced Scroop.
 He was the first Baron of Bolton.
 And so Robert Grovesner of Cheshire
 and they both turned up and they realized
 that they had the exact same coat of arms,
 which was an azure with a bend or,
 that's a blue background with a gold stash.
 And everyone felt very awkward.
 - The court case sounds amazing.
 - The court case really was,
 it was the who's who of the 14th century.
 - Really?
 Well, it was a bit of,
 I think it was a bit of a fix, this court case.
 So it was, who'd you say?
 It was Scroop of Bolton against Grovesner of Cheshire.
 But it was held, I think, in York Minster.
 And in York Minster, the Scroop coat of arms
 was all over the place.
 So it's kind of subtle branding for the Scroop side.
 - Yeah, I should say it's not the good Bolton in Lancashire.
 It's the shit Bolton in Yorkshire.
 - Ah.
 - Okay.
 - Right.
 - Got it.
 - He's got that off his chest.
 - That's why in York Minster they had his coat of arms.
 - Got it, got it, got it.
 That makes more sense, actually.
 I was wondering about that.
 - Yeah.
 - But then it turned out later on,
 after this court case was over,
 there was a third family also using the same coat of arms.
 But they were in Cornwall and everyone said,
 oh, well it's Cornwall.
 You know, they said, basically they said,
 well, it's a different country.
 So the rules are different there.
 - Yes, at the time it was.
 - Well, also the guy in Cornwall who claimed
 that his crest was the same was a guy called Carmenow.
 And he claimed that his crest had been given by King Arthur,
 which was quite impressive considering he didn't exist.
 (laughing)
 - We didn't definitively not exist.
 - What?
 - Yeah, King Arthur didn't definitively not exist.
 There are later reports of a character called Arthur.
 Anyway, we don't, but he's not an absolute,
 he's not like Peter Pan.
 - Well, it's a good job you weren't in charge
 of this court case either.
 (laughing)
 - Wow, so there's maybe a King Arthur.
 - He didn't do any of the stuff.
 - Well, that sucks.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - That's just a guy called Arthur then.
 (laughing)
 - It's kind of like Robin Hood.
 There's someone with the name,
 but none of the rest of it's true.
 So it's not even worth it.
 - Okay.
 - Who was who of the 14th century?
 I want to know what a court case of the,
 who's who of the 14th century was.
 - They named a single person for the 14th century.
 They were that, what was that, Geoffrey Charter?
 - Yes, exactly.
 What was that, John of Gaunt?
 - Owen Glendauer?
 - Yes, him as well.
 - That really is a who to.
 - Anyone I've heard of in the 14th century
 was in this court case.
 - Was this the most exciting court case of the era?
 - It doesn't sound like a big deal.
 - It really wasn't.
 It was quite dull.
 (laughing)
 It was just basically, everyone came in.
 And so let's say John of Gaunt turned up.
 John of Gaunt would go in and he would say,
 "I once saw this guy with this coat of arms on this date.
 And I saw this guy with a coat of arms on this date.
 And I saw this on this date."
 And then they got all of the evidence together
 and they worked out who had the best claim on it.
 - Yeah, precedence, wasn't it?
 - Exactly.
 - Yeah, who would assume it at first.
 So this was in the court of chivalry.
 And the court of chivalry is an exciting thing
 because this is a real court that exists
 and it hasn't sat since 1954, okay?
 - It really is dead, isn't it?
 - Well, it might be coming back.
 - Wait a minute, but what were the knights of armor in 1954?
 - Oh, the 1954 case was a dispute
 between Manchester Corporation and Manchester Palace
 of Varieties over unlicensed use of the Manchester coat of arms.
 That is dull, but before that, so, okay,
 there is a chance that the court of chivalry
 is going to have to sit sometime soon
 because of weather spoons, okay?
 This is so exciting.
 So last year, last year, Barry Town Council in Wales.
 - I thought that was his name.
 (all laughing)
 What an unfortunate Sunday night.
 - No, he invented the Town Council.
 It's very impressive.
 Yeah, what a guy.
 Sorry, yeah.
 Barry Town Council in Wales.
 They were furious with weather spoons
 because weather spoons in Barry
 had put the coat of arms of Barry,
 the Barry coat of arms on a carpet in their pub.
 - Oh, wow. - And Barry Town Council said,
 hang on a second, you've got people walking
 on the Barry coat of arms, maybe they're going to the bar,
 maybe they're going to the toilet.
 We don't know where they're going.
 You know, maybe they've got a dog with them.
 I mean, they said it was very disrespectful.
 Tim Martin, the boss of weather spoons,
 refused to remove the carpet.
 He said it's a perfectly good carpet.
 We paid a lot of money for it.
 Just let it wear out and we'll replace it
 in 10 years or so, whatever.
 So they may yet go to the court of chivalry
 if anyone can be bothered to.
 - Cool.
 - Yeah, and they'll have to resurrect the entire court.
 - And do you think it will be a who's
 who of the 21st century with sort of George Clooney,
 Barack Obama?
 (all laughing)
 Have you ever met Barry Town Council?
 I've met Barry Town Council, yeah.
 - I love the rules of chivalry, the whole chivalry thing.
 I didn't quite know what goes into becoming a knight
 when you were made and you were kind of trained
 in order to become one, but it was more than battle.
 It was all these things like you had to learn
 how to box, wrestle, run.
 You had to read, write.
 You had to play the harp and sing.
 That was part of becoming a knight, yeah,
 which is really sweet.
 - You also, you had to be a very good wooer.
 That was part of the code of chivalry,
 was you had to devotedly woo one woman.
 And it didn't, the woman could be married.
 That was fine, Lancelot, I think,
 was constantly wooing a married woman.
 - Again, possibly didn't exist or?
 - No, yeah, yeah, he was a figure of chivalric mythology.
 But, you know, he was like a being to emulate.
 - He was wooing Gwynevere, wasn't he?
 - Yeah, I thought he went for--
 - He went for the top trumps.
 - Top trumps, yeah. - I really went for it.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Martha's wife, yeah.
 - You can't all hope for Gwynevere.
 - Gwynevere also, I think, a figure of chivalric myth,
 so not real.
 - So all of these people are setting the standard
 that you're supposed to imitate.
 And the reason it all came in, the chivalric codes,
 was 'cause knights were so badly behaved.
 They were just like, rampant around the countryside.
 So there were lots of books written
 about how to correct knight's behavior.
 And so there were all these courtesy books written
 in the sort of 12th century and 13th century.
 There was one called The Book of the Civilized Man,
 directed at knights.
 And it just had sort of a bullet-pointed list of rules.
 So don't spit, don't talk with your mouth full.
 Don't take huge helpings,
 don't blow your nose on the tablecloth.
 All things today that we would agree with.
 - Don't wind off a pig.
 (audience laughing)
 - Don't auto-filate a mixed company.
 (audience laughing)
 You may be thirsty, but the bar's over there.
 (audience laughing)
 - There was a don't defecate.
 Well, sorry, there was.
 You weren't allowed to defecate.
 You weren't allowed to attack your enemy
 while he was defecating.
 (audience laughing)
 Unchivalrous, yeah.
 - Unless he's riding a horse to cure his diarrhea,
 in which case, he's on a horse, he's fair game.
 - Yeah.
 - Wow, have you heard of the Scottish court
 and what they do to badly behaving knights?
 They will destroy your arms, I presume, your coat of arms.
 (audience laughing)
 It will be very mean.
 They will break your stained glass windows,
 which have got your coat of arms in them.
 They will smash any unwarranted seals.
 (audience laughing)
 Seals, like seals.
 But then they will issue a letter of horning, okay?
 - Of what, sorry?
 - Of horning, like horn, the horn.
 - Yeah, sorry.
 - Like, I've just given this pig the horn for my dog.
 (audience laughing)
 But they do a letter, which denounces you as an outlaw,
 and then they have three blasts of a horn,
 and that means you have technically been put to the horn.
 Pretty exciting stuff, yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 - And wait, what does that mean to have been put,
 aside from the fact that you do three blasts of a horn,
 but what's that do to you?
 - I don't actually know what the ramifications are.
 - You're not a knight anymore, right?
 You're a knight.
 - Yeah, you're not a knight.
 You've been put to the horn.
 - Do you know why they're called coats of arms?
 It's because you used to have a coat that you wore
 over your arms, your armor,
 and that's where the word comes from.
 - Really?
 - Isn't that amazing?
 - But everyone was hoping that it was a coat made of arms.
 - Yeah.
 - That's the dream.
 - But you used to have your armor,
 and you would always wear a cloak over it,
 and the reason being that if you're fighting somewhere hot,
 then wearing armor is pretty bad,
 like you're basically gonna cook in there,
 and so if you wore a cloak,
 then it could stop you from getting,
 from the sun's rays from cooking you,
 and so you would always have to wear this cloak,
 and on the back of the cloak,
 it would have your arms, your coat of arms,
 and so that's where the word came from.
 - Wow. - Hey.
 - It's not cool, yeah.
 - Superman, basically, like the original.
 - Yeah.
 - Saying who you are.
 - If you go on your back, that's so cool.
 - And the idea was you wanted people to know who you are,
 because if you're an important person in a battle,
 you don't wanna be killed, you wanna be captured.
 Well, you don't wanna be captured.
 You wanna win, but if you're your second best,
 if you don't win, is to not die.
 - The team talking, like the halfway mark, right?
 We've given up on a win,
 but we are going for being captured, all of us.
 - So yeah, so you wanted to be captured,
 and so you would have this kind of coat of armor,
 so that people would see you on battle and not kill you.
 They'd think, oh, well, he's worth something.
 I'm gonna take him instead of killing him,
 and then I'll be able to get some money.
 - Quite catching someone else's shiny pog.
 - Is it? - Yeah.
 - Yeah, that was a very specific,
 sort of 1994 kids there.
 Jeff Bezos has a coat of arms.
 Yeah, it's got two tortoises and a rocket.
 - A rocket?
 - Yeah.
 - I'm just imagining a cock on bull's formation.
 (audience laughing)
 - You know what, I haven't seen it.
 - I presume it is.
 - It's kind of good.
 - It's kind of good to assume.
 It's Jeff Bezos.
 - Absolutely.
 You can just get them made though,
 'cause there's the College of Arms in the UK
 except Scotland.
 Do you know what the Blue Mantle Persuivant
 at the College of Arms gets paid each year?
 - I didn't know what most of those words were.
 - No.
 (audience laughing)
 - There's a lot of kind of
 cod latin and comprehension stuff.
 No, Blue Mantle Persuivant, or Persuivant,
 is a junior position at the College of Arms.
 Guess what he gets paid.
 - A tenner a year, or seven shillings and six pence,
 half a crown.
 Three sticks and a dead porcupine.
 - Lovely.
 - Pogs.
 Pogs.
 (audience laughing)
 - Anna was closest, it's $13.95.
 - Really?
 - For the ceremony where he was invested in his role,
 he had to buy a pair of silk tights
 which cost double his annual salary.
 (audience laughing)
 - And is that taxpayer funded for God's sake?
 (audience laughing)
 - Who knows?
 Do you know what all those weird words you just said?
 All that language, do you know what it's called?
 - No.
 - It's called Blazen.
 So in heraldry, the weird language of heraldry,
 which is lots of stuff that we don't understand,
 it's called Blazen, and all the vocab,
 and it's also related to the habits of heraldry,
 so all the traditions.
 So for instance, there's a difference between English
 and Scottish heraldry in Blazen.
 And that is how you erase a bear's head.
 And so this is, you know, if you see a coat of arms,
 then you'll sometimes have an animal,
 like a lion or a bear on it.
 And if you've got an erased head,
 what that means is a head that's been decapitated
 from a body, or it looks like it's been torn off
 from a body.
 So it's got sort of ragged edges in the neck.
 You will have seen it a lot.
 But the way you tell the difference between
 an English coat of arms and a Scottish coat of arms is,
 a bear's head in English heraldry is erased horizontally
 under the neck.
 And so it goes across and you get some neck in.
 Whereas in Scotland, it's erased vertically
 and you cut the neck off.
 So if you imagine a vertical line going down.
 So if a bear's got a neck, English, no neck,
 Scottish.
 - We've been doing this podcast for six and a half years now.
 And I think that is the least useful piece of information.
 (audience laughing)
 - Ever said.
 - Addy, if you are galloping into battle against the Scots,
 which may well happen in the near future.
 (audience laughing)
 You're gonna need to know.
 (upbeat music)
 - We need to move on to our final fact of the show.
 It is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that the Audubon Bird Protection
 Society has warned its members against bird-splaining.
 (audience laughing)
 - So, mansplaining is when a man annoyingly.
 (audience laughing)
 So, but if mansplaining is when a man is awkwardly
 explaining something which he doesn't need to,
 is bird-splaining when a bird explains something to you?
 (audience laughing)
 - We don't call them birds these days,
 we call them women.
 (audience laughing)
 - I've been asleep for 270 days.
 (audience laughing)
 And my testicles are so sore.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's not, you're right, it's an incorrect use
 of the explaining etymology because it's not like
 when a pigeon gets really patronizing.
 It's basically, this is an article on the Audubon website
 which is sort of the authority on birds.
 And it was a bird writer, Becca Heisman.
 She was sort of inspired by birdwatchers who do things
 like get extremely agitated if people refer to
 a Canadian goose as opposed to a Canada goose
 or a seagull.
 Birdwatchers hate people calling it a seagull
 'cause there's no such thing as a seagull.
 There are gulls, lot of them don't live by the sea.
 A seagull apparently is a nonsense term.
 Her warning to birdwatchers is, and I'm repeating it now,
 that it can put people off if as soon as you casually
 mention a seagull in conversation, someone says,
 "Well actually there's no such thing as a seagull,
 "so you're not making any sense."
 (audience laughing)
 And that's the official word of the birdwatching society.
 - But that's my life with you three.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, sorry about that.
 But yeah, birdwatchers, they're a pedantic breed,
 they can be.
 And just to clarify, yeah, a Canadian goose
 should be a Canada goose, and gulls,
 lots of different, 11 different types of gull in the UK.
 And there is actually a Twitter account
 called @NoSuchGull, which is about,
 and the name is NoSuchThingAsAGull.
 And it's kind of about how seagulls don't exist.
 And so I don't really wanna slag off people
 who are really pedantic about it
 'cause they do actually follow QI
 and retweeted us very recently.
 In fact, yesterday.
 - I think the most fascinating thing about that fact is,
 you were on Twitter.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah.
 - I only go on for birdwatching updates.
 (audience laughing)
 - I can be hard though, being a birdwatcher.
 I think we should cut them some slack.
 In 2013, they found this amazing rare bird
 on the island of Harris.
 It was a white-throated needle tail.
 Normally you'd only find it in Asia or in Australia,
 but it was on the island of Harris,
 probably got caught on a draft of wind or something.
 And so everyone suddenly got a message on their phones
 or on their Twitter account saying,
 "Guys, there is a white-throated needle tail on Harris."
 And loads of people went up there to the island
 all the way up in the north of Scotland to see this bird,
 which was then hit by a wind turd behind me.
 - No.
 - In front of all these birdwatchers.
 - Oh.
 - That's what it was going.
 I've got an amazing updraft here.
 Wow.
 (audience laughing)
 - It does happen, doesn't it?
 I think there was a story that someone,
 is it a pharaoh lope?
 There's a bird called a pharaoh lope, I think.
 Does anyone know?
 - Actually, it's a pharaoh lope.
 - I think it was something like a gray pharaoh lope,
 and I'm going off memory, so I really can't remember it,
 but it was, these birdwatchers had got to it,
 and they were so excited about seeing it,
 very rare in the area where they were,
 and then they saw a buzzard just arrive and land and eat it
 right in front of them.
 But then they did say, although the buzzards actually,
 they're very rarely feed on that kind of prey,
 so it kind of two birds with one stone, to be honest.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - They used that phrase, they used that phrase genuinely, yeah.
 - Well, they're funny guys.
 - Have you heard of other birdwatching slang?
 This gets used in the birdwatching community.
 Do you want to have a guess at what a not a bird is?
 - Is it something that's not a bird?
 - Something that's not a bird.
 It's something that looks like a bird from a distance,
 but once binoculars or a spotting scope is used,
 turns out not to be a bird.
 - Is it something that's either a plane or Superman?
 - That's right.
 (audience laughing)
 - Have you heard of a pseudo bird?
 - Sudo bird sounds like it's also a not a bird.
 - Well, a pseudo bird is something that looks like a bird,
 and perhaps even moves like a bird,
 until it is examined through binoculars or a spotting scope
 and found to be something completely different.
 (audience laughing)
 - What is an example of a pseudo bird?
 - Like a bag of crisps.
 - Bag of crisps.
 - Very good.
 - Wow, very good.
 - You know, in the corner of the tree.
 - This very much feels like sort of class one
 of all anthology, doesn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 Are you struggling to identify a bird?
 - Yeah.
 (audience laughing)
 Do you know what more slang, do you know what jizz is in it?
 - Yes, let's move on.
 - I see you read my blog then.
 (audience laughing)
 - Jizz is the sort of,
 when you can't quite see what the bird is,
 and you talk about the vibe of the bird,
 like it's giving off this vibe,
 so it must be this kind of bird.
 - So it kind of, it moves a bit like a black bird,
 and it's kind of blackish,
 and you think that probably is a black bird?
 Is that what it is?
 - I think so, yes.
 - It's basically the whole demeanour, isn't it, jizz?
 That bird's jizz is, well, it's tall, it's fat,
 it's brown, it's--
 - Wow, what is this bird?
 - It's tall, it's fat, it's yellow,
 I'm watching Sesame Street.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's been in use for a long time, though.
 I think it even predates jizz as we know it today,
 but there are rumors that it stands
 for general impression, size, and shape,
 which was a military term in the Second World War,
 but it actually comes from before that, from 1922,
 and it now is spread to, like, all biologists,
 you'll talk about plants jizz as well, which is--
 - I like one etymology, I don't know if this is true either,
 but people say it just is.
 What is that bird?
 Oh, it just, it just is, jizz.
 - Feels to me like it comes from jist.
 Hey, what's the jist?
 - Jist, yeah, that's better, isn't it?
 - Do you know what gripping someone off is in birdwatching?
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, it can get very exciting.
 - You've got to do something to pass to the air as well,
 waiting for the white-tailed needle thing,
 but gripping someone off is a bad thing to do
 in birdwatching, it's where you see a bird
 that someone else has missed out on,
 and then you tell them about the bird that you've seen.
 So you'll sort of bragging to them,
 and you know that they've missed the opportunity
 to see this bird.
 - Oh, really?
 - Yeah, yeah, and if someone's not noticed it,
 maybe they were looking at it in the wrong place,
 or whatever, so that's a bad thing to do.
 Don't grip off if you do go birdwatching.
 - So you're just not allowed to share?
 If you see something cool, you're not allowed to,
 you have to keep it secret in case
 someone gets upset they didn't see it.
 You're supposed to share,
 but some asshole birdwatchers grip people off,
 and they're like, oh yeah, I saw it last week,
 you're too late.
 I could have told you, but I didn't.
 - Yeah, right.
 - Just as it's disappearing down the buzzard's gullet,
 you say, I've just seen a farolope, or whatever, yeah.
 - This fact was about the Audubon Society, right?
 The Bird Society, and he actually is an incredible
 character from history, who was the first person
 to put together a sort of great collection of paintings
 published in a book of the birds of America,
 and it's one of those rare books now
 that it basically outsells any book
 in terms of price value at an auction,
 so a copy went a while ago for about 11 million,
 11 million.
 - Yeah, it's--
 - We've got one in our house, no.
 - An original?
 - Oh, I don't know, okay, so it's not all of them
 going for that.
 (audience laughs)
 - No, your Kindle PDF is not gonna be sold at Sotheby's.
 Have you noticed that every branch of Waterstones
 has a massive safe in the middle of the shop floor?
 That's where they keep that book.
 - Yes.
 - I was just close to starting up
 and walking off the podcast, never to return.
 - Fuck you, guys!
 (audience laughs)
 - Bye.
 Sorry, so some versions are very expensive, yeah?
 - Yeah, so it's an amazing book,
 and he used to paint these birds,
 and it used to be a bit more of a vicious bird spotting thing.
 These days, the idea, I think, of hurting a bird
 in any way would be horrible back then,
 in order to paint the bird and spot them,
 you actually had to kill them,
 so he used to go around and he would shoot birds,
 and then what he would do is he would put
 sort of wires onto them and pose them
 as if they were mid-flight so that he could capture them
 as if they were in the nature and they were alive,
 which is very different to any kind of drawing
 at that time, it was usually very posed and very still.
 So he kind of, he did that brilliantly,
 but the other amazing thing is this book,
 the original book, how tall is your book?
 - It's about this big, it's big.
 - It's a big book, and the original,
 the idea was he wanted to capture the birds
 in their full size, so when you saw it,
 it was almost as if you were in front of one.
 Yeah, but what's really wonderful is
 he slightly miscalculated the size of some of the birds,
 so in some of them, they've had to be contorted
 to sort of fit to the page, like squish down with wings.
 Yeah, but yeah, really fascinating character.
 - He was, do you know how he made his living
 before he got into the bird drawing business?
 Or in fact, as like, you know,
 while he was drawing birds as a hobby,
 he made his money as a death bed artist,
 so that's someone who, if someone you love dies,
 you go, oh my God, we forgot to get a portrait of them,
 we'd better get one now, and you went
 and you would paint a portrait of a dead person
 of the corpse, and it would be lying in repose
 with maybe a bunch of flowers or photograph or something.
 - But would he pose them like he later did the birds,
 as in with wires and with--
 - Absolutely, yeah, doing the high jump or backflip.
 However you wanted it.
 - Have you guys heard of Phoebe Snetsinger?
 Phoebe Snetsinger's amazing.
 So she, in 1981, was diagnosed with terminal cancer
 and decided that instead of going into a home
 and just kind of succumbing to it,
 she decided, well, I've not got much time left,
 so I'm gonna go and look for birds.
 Okay, and she took a trip to Alaska to look for birds,
 and she kept looking for birds and kept looking for birds,
 and luckily enough got into remission
 and kept looking for birds,
 and she was the first person to see
 more than 8,000 species of birds ever,
 and when she died, eventually,
 she'd seen 8,398 birds,
 which was 85% of the known species in the world she'd seen.
 Isn't that amazing?
 - Wow!
 - So good.
 We're gonna have to wrap up soon, guys.
 Yeah, no, we are, but we are.
 - No, yes.
 - But I haven't told you about Graham Moss yet.
 - Right.
 - You've hooked me, go for it.
 (audience laughing)
 - This is a bird watching story from this year,
 and it's just a rather nice one.
 It's Doncaster Baby Owl webcam,
 banned by Facebook over sex and nudity rule.
 So, this summer, a man in Doncaster called Graham Moss,
 he set up a very sweet webcam of some baby owls
 in their nest, and just--
 - So were you looking at Moss News?
 - You were, weren't you?
 (audience laughing)
 - This is a complete coincidence,
 although there is a book about bird watching
 by someone called Stephen Moss.
 - All right, you've been looking at Moss News.
 - And fortunately, it's coincided with the research
 for today, but you got lucky.
 - But it got, his webcam was taken down twice
 'cause it breached the community guidelines
 on adult nudity and sexual activity.
 - But what was happening?
 - Nothing, nothing was happening.
 It was just some baby owls, but either algorithmically,
 it saw the sort of--
 - Algorithmically?
 - There we go.
 (audience laughing)
 - No one's seeing this outside the street, but I--
 (audience laughing)
 - But yeah, it always thinks he was pranked,
 but I think it's possible that algorithmically,
 someone would see some sort of writhing flesh in a nest.
 - You think that looks rude?
 - Were they featherless?
 - Were they naked?
 - Well, they were baby owls,
 so I think they probably would have been very feathered.
 - Yeah, you can get in trouble with things like that.
 The Christmas Island tourist board went onto Facebook
 to advertise the island's annual Burden Nature Week
 with the headline, "Some gorgeous shots here
 "of some juvenile boobies."
 - Oh, fuck.
 - No.
 - And Facebook, for some reason, took them down.
 (audience laughing)
 And they appealed to Facebook, saying,
 "Charlie, some mistake.
 "We're just talking about this bird,
 "which is called a boobie," and Facebook went, "Nope."
 (audience laughing)
 - That's kind of fair.
 - I read there was an interview, Birdwatch Ireland,
 there was a member called Niall Hatch,
 and the person interviewing just got so excited
 that he was called Hatch,
 that he derailed the conversation in order to say,
 "Oh, that's funny, isn't it?"
 And then he turned out, he said,
 "It's actually not as sort of uncommon
 "to have a bird-related name for members
 "of the Birdwatch Ireland.
 "It's a bit more common."
 So he then listed off a bunch of people
 that were past and present people as part of it.
 So we had Donald Finch,
 Ashlyn Tallinn, Steven Wing, Dave Bird.
 (audience laughing)
 Bit on the nose, Dave.
 (audience laughing)
 - That is so a fake name, isn't it?
 (audience laughing)
 - Look at Ms. Tallinn over here.
 She's picked a part of the bird.
 (audience laughing)
 - Dave Bird.
 - Dave Bird.
 - Yeah.
 - Anyone else?
 - There's Mark Robbins.
 - See, Mark's picked a species of bird.
 Not like you, Dave.
 - Olivia Crow.
 - And yeah.
 - Mark, do you think sometimes people
 in Birdwatching societies go, "Mark, Robbins."
 (audience laughing)
 Just saying, "Look, Robbins."
 - Do you think they go, "Dave, bird?"
 (audience laughing)
 - I've got one last thing.
 Just on the subject of being pedantic and bird-splaining,
 we've actually had, I've been sent a WhatsApp message
 by Alex Bell, who is one of the fish team.
 He just wants me to pass this on to Anna.
 Anna's Gull Twitter thing is @NoSuchSeagull,
 not @NoSuchGulls.
 (audience laughing)
 - And I think we now know who runs that account.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts
 and someone on their blog.
 (audience laughing)
 I'm on @Shrieberland, Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 Or @PorkysBigAdventure.
 (audience laughing)
 - James.
 - @JamesHarken.
 - @Anna.
 - You can email podcast.QI.com.
 - We can get us on our group count,
 which is @NoSuchSeagull, or you can go to our website.
 NoSuchSeagulls.Fish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 So just quickly before we end,
 just a huge thank you to the London Podcast Festival
 and to King's Place.
 It's truly awesome that the arts are trying
 to get through this and we feel so lucky
 to be able to do this in front of you guys today.
 And I hope you had a fun time.
 And so that's it.
 We'll be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye!
 (upbeat music)
 (audience applauding)
 (upbeat music)
 (audience applauding)
 (upbeat music)
