 [sad piano music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I'm sitting here with Anichezinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and
 James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in a particular order, here we go starting with you Anichezinski.
 My fact this week is that the largest diamond ever found in Russia is called the 26th Congress
 of the Communist Party of the Soviet Union, that's its name.
 That's it's catchy, that's it's catchy, shiny name, it's called this because it was
 mined in 1980 and the 26th Congress of the Communist Party opened in 1981 in February 1981.
 So I think the diamond was actually named before the Congress happened so the Congress was
 this big meeting of all the Soviet delegates, all important.
 So was it a complete coincidence, did they think oh what should we call our meeting?
 Let's name it after that lovely big diamond we found last year, what was that called?
 Yeah, it was that, so it quickly had 25 similar conferences.
 It does not sound like a great party the 26th Congress of the Soviet Union, it sounds pretty
 grim because the leaders were pretty sclerotic and elderly at that point and it was was
 a pressure never who was in charge at the time.
 Yeah, and he spoke for five hours didn't he?
 Do you?
 Yeah, he did a five hour opening speech.
 Another thing I like about this diamond is wow, five hour opening speech, that's sort
 of Castro level isn't it?
 It's Ken Dodd level.
 Ken Dodd lovely, yeah, less entertaining I reckon.
 But yeah so in the Soviet Union they just used to name stuff after really Soviet things
 in a way that stopped making names kind of nice and attractive and pretty and started making
 them sound very utilitarian.
 Yeah, and it all started after the October Revolution in 1917, so then they started calling
 babies Soviet things, so in 1924 one baby got called octea brina after the October Revolution
 and then you got you know stalina when Stalin became a thing.
 They used to make names out of acronyms of all their heroes names, so a really popular name
 was mels which stood for marks, angles, Lenin, Stalin and then actually when Stalin was when
 the Soviet Union distance itself from Stalin a lot of people dropped the S after so when
 they got rid of Stalin this up, where the name mel comes from like from the spice girls.
 Yeah, I don't think I think there might be a different origin to our version of mel, yeah.
 Mel C, the C actually stands for Communist and Mel B is a Bolshevik, yeah.
 This back on diamonds very quickly, I was looking down this big Wikipedia list of all the
 biggest diamonds and I saw one that caught my eye called the Jane Seymour diamond and the
 Jane Seymour diamond is a ring which was named after the actress Jane Seymour.
 She was very proud of it and when they were doing it sort of ceremonies she would go and
 put the diamond on and be part of the ceremony to show it.
 She never owned it, she loved the idea of it, but what caught my eye is the fact that they
 are selling it now. So in July 2016 they announced that they were going to sell it and it led me
 down the road of seeing how interesting it is when you buy an expensive diamond, how it
 gets delivered to you. It's an eight hour luxury experience in buying the ring.
 So it begins with a journey by air by a helicopter, you get chauffeur by Rolls Royce to a private
 luxury cruise and then on the 57th floor of a hotel you've surrounded by hang on, does
 the cruise go to the cruise ship of 57 store. They go to the 57th floor of a hotel.
 They're surrounded by 10,000 roses. They have an 18 course modern Asian menu with diamond
 and crusted chopsticks. I don't really like modern Asians.
 Okay, so this is why you didn't go for it. That's why I live with very cheap occasion.
 But to top it off, they present the ring at midnight while fireworks go off in the night sky.
 That's how they're selling this ring. Can you turn it down at that point? Could you
 say actually now that I've seen it? That sounds like such a slice of hot nonsense.
 Yeah, yeah, it really does. So you go on a helicopter ride to a cruise ship which then
 pointlessly goes in a circle so you can go to a hotel. Yeah, go to the hotel first.
 Yeah, I mean, yeah. What, you'd be rubbish at a cruise with you. I won't have a two
 week cruise, but actually I end up back where I started. So I'm not going to bother. We're
 just going to sit in this harbor for three weeks. I save a lot of money on cruises.
 But it's interesting. If you buy these rings and you get them insured, the insurance only
 last for so long. There's a very famous ring called the Burton Taylor ring, which was Richard
 Burton bought for Elizabeth Taylor. It cost 1.1 million. And because of the insurance,
 she was only allowed to wear it 30 days per year that they're willing to insure you for.
 Most times they need security. Yeah, it's really odd when Elizabeth Taylor was delivered
 the ring. So again, the crazy security, she was in Monaco at the time. And three men carrying
 briefcases, one of which carried the ring or went onto the plane at the same time and went
 sort of different seats, different ways. So no one knew which briefcase it was going
 to be in. And when they finally delivered to it, the guy with the briefcase that had the ring
 in it also had three pairs of stockings that cost 50 cents in America, but was Elizabeth
 Taylor's favorite, but she couldn't get in Monaco. So along with the ring were the
 three stockings. And everyone said she was way more excited by the stockings than she was
 by the ring that eventually arrived. Right. On helicopters and diamonds, this massive
 communist party diamond was found in the Mia mine. And the Mia mine is one of the biggest
 holes in the world. That's not quite kind James. Sure, it's got some of me. It's a bit better
 than Wigan, but it's one of the biggest holes in the world. And Russia has banned helicopters
 from flying over it because they can get sucked in. They can get sucked in? Wow. Yeah.
 What sucks them all? Well, a big time and breathing monster. As it inhales. Well, what it is
 is if you dig a hole deep enough, it gets really hot at the bottom because it's the pressure.
 And that heats up the air. And obviously the air at the top because it's in the middle
 of Siberia is cold. And so you get this convection current of air and it can cause a vortex.
 And so anything flying over the top of it can get sucked down into the. Wow. Oh, that's
 cool. It's good, doesn't it? Why in birds? It gets sucked down chimneys. Because most chimneys
 are not the biggest hole in the world. I've understood James right. Yeah. It's the depth
 and the difference in heat, although I suppose a fire is quite hot. Hmm. If I'm ever flying
 over that and the helicopter starts to get into trouble, I'll be able to say as we
 call it. This is quite interesting actually what's happening. It's due to a convection thing.
 There may a nine in the 1960s made 20% of all the gems in the world. Wow. Oh, they found
 them there. And when they first dug it, it's in near Euclopska, I think. So it's really
 cold in the middle of Siberia and they had permafrost. So it's really icy there. And even
 the dynamite wouldn't get through the permafrost because it was so cold. Wow. What?
 There's Wacoel. I have a little more stuff on things being named Oddly in the Soviet Union
 and elsewhere. Go. Okay. So loads of people during the French Revolution started changing
 their names as well. Basically, whenever there's a massive political upheaval, people start
 naming their babies crazy things. So what will you name your baby after? Jeremy Corbyn
 I would name him St. Jez. So in 1792, basically, there have been loads of rules up until that
 point on what you could name your babies. And then there was a rule change during the
 revolution which said, no, any citizen can change their name by just making a declaration
 at their local town hall wherever it might be. And there's a list of things that people
 changed their names to and they are wild. So people chose names including Amos Sacrid
 La Patrie La Toie, which means Sacrid love of the native land year three, Morte, Alistair
 Crat, death to aristocrats, which is a cool name. And my favourite is Simon La Liberté
 La Morte, which means Simon Liberté La Death. Simon. Yeah. I'll just use Simon. Thanks. Someone
 after the Egyptian Revolution in 2011 called his daughter Facebook. Really? Yeah. Because
 it played a big part in organizing the protests. Yeah, not just because he liked seeing people
 thought he tried it. I would imagine that that person is going to find it hard to get a
 Facebook account. Just on the largest diamond in the world. It's worth covering. It's called
 The Golden Jubilee, although it was originally called Unnamed Brown. It's a brown diamond.
 Didn't have a name. It's a brown diamond. Yeah, there's a lot of brown diamonds. What are
 they? They're like diamonds, but they're brown. Yeah. It sounds like a very unpleasant
 euphemism. Come back from the bathroom, kind of hobbling. Oh, it's a brown diamond day.
 So are they actually colour brown, or are they just sort of, they like, they murky with
 infection? They're probably murky, yeah. Oh, yeah. Oh, well, so they actually are brown,
 but they're very beautiful. Yeah. Just for the people at home, Dan is showing us on his
 laptop, pictures of brown diamonds. Yes. And that is disgusting. Anyway, when it was found
 in South Africa, this brown diamond got all these blessings. It was blessed by the Buddhist
 Supreme Patriarch of Thailand, visited the Pope, and then it went to an Islamic scholar
 to be blessed by him as well. Did they all get to go on the boat trip and then in the helicopter
 and it's around about 20,000 roses? Dan, can you check Urban Dictionary? Well, you have
 your laptop. We don't usually use laptops, but can you check Urban Dictionary to see if
 brown diamond is a thing? Yes, sure. Just while Dan's doing that, thought you might like
 to know there was a tradition in England of what's called "Hortatory Names". So it's extreme
 Puritans got names which were designed to encourage you to behave particularly well. So
 one of the men who rebuilt London after the Great Fire was called Nicholas Barben, right?
 But his middle name was, if Christ had not died for the Thou had been damned, that was
 from Sophie Hay, who we know. He was a friend of ours, he's a classical historian. He knows
 a lot about Pompeii, but she also knows about him. He's not an amazing middle name. You hear
 a lot of those. I think one or two of them turn out to be myths or post-Hok things, but
 that one is real, isn't it? It is in Urban Dictionary. Okay, what's it mean? It's just as
 we were saying, basically slang for turd or poo, i.e. my dog has left a minefield of brown
 diamonds in the yard. Okay, now it's just a bit of knowledge. You clocked it. No, no, we're
 going to call that knowledge. I'm going to try and unknow it. Okay, it is time for fact number
 two, and that is my fact. My fact this week is that scientists have announced that they
 finally know why shoelaces untie themselves. Good old scientists. Do you know in Russia there's
 a joke, because we were talking about Russia before, where you say, according to British scientists
 and then you say something ridiculous, and that's like a meme of jokes in Russia. Yeah,
 because they have this idea that all British scientists do is really ridiculous shoelace-related
 studies. Yeah, we haven't helped that already. This is a university researchers at a university
 in California, Berkeley, and they were studying why shoelaces untie themselves. Surprisingly,
 it's been a massive mystery to science for a very long time, so they dedicated their
 time to working that out. And it's interesting. It's all to do with the way that we slam our
 feet to the ground, and it plays with... Well, I didn't think it would be to do with how
 we clap our hands. Unless you wear your shoes on your hands. My pick-toki is poking through
 my gloves. Yeah, it's all to do with sort of gravity and so on. I don't fully understand
 it. Yeah, yeah. One of the things that they're saying is that when you force your foot down,
 you're going, you're going, you're going, you walk. You make it sound like you walk around
 stepping your feet on the ground. You slam your foot down. Like Hagrid. Yeah, look at
 it everywhere, like a giant. Yeah, so not Hagrid, sorry. When we're putting our feet down,
 the shoelaces, the tips of the shoelaces that are left exposed are being pulled back up
 as you go down by gravity, almost as if hands are pulling them because of the force that
 we go down. Therefore, it's slowly loosening them and loosening them and it's going to take
 more and more sense. Does that make sense? I might have made that up. Yeah, so the tips are
 still pulling towards the ground when we're lifting our foot up. Yes, is that it? It's actually
 the flick. So the two things that caused that I think in the study said was it's caused
 by a combination of the impact of the shoe on the ground as it hits the ground which deforms
 the knot itself and then the whipping of the laces as you lift your foot back up, pulls
 the laces away from already deformed knot. So does that mean like if you moonwalk everywhere
 then your shoelaces will never come undone. Yeah, that's absolutely true. So they tested
 with people either walking on the spot up and down without any forward motion and shoelaces
 don't come undone and they tested that people were swinging their legs from a chair and shoelaces
 don't come undone. And I just want to say for the record, my shoelaces just don't come
 undone anyway so I don't understand what this whole... Why? Mine come undone all the time.
 Do they really? Mine do sometimes. Yeah. This is a really interesting chat guys. I always
 thought that we should add more personal touches to the podcast. Some people learn a bit
 more about our personalities and now people know that your shoelaces never come undone.
 But the mine sometimes too. Yeah. The Royal Society website described this study and it
 was... I think it has been over-egging in a bit because they said as demonstrated using
 slow motion video footage and a series of experiments, the failure of the knot happens
 in a matter of seconds often without warning and is catastrophic. Wow. It's not the end
 of a cliff or something. That's true. I don't know if this is over-egging it as well,
 but they're saying that the forces that act on the tied shoelace can be greater than those
 felt by humans on the most extreme roller coaster. Yeah. That's what your shoelace is going
 through every time you put your foot down. It's like a mad roller coaster ride. They're
 saying 7G, which is seven times the force of gravity. And the biggest, most powerful
 roller coaster is the Tower of Terror in Johannesburg and that's 6.3G. And to put that into some
 kind of context, a space shuttle, someone in that would get 3G. I think so, they know the
 stuff like that. Have you ever seen the website Ian's shoelace? Yes. Yes. It is fantastic, isn't
 it? The best shoelace site I would say on the whole internet. Yep, okay. I agree. It's
 a guy called Ian who has set up a site partly just to tell people about his own knot, which
 is called the Ian knot. And he says it's, they securely tied. It's much better than the
 granny knot that almost everybody uses. And he says that there's also a high security
 version of it, which is called Ian's Secure shoelace knot. But he does say on the website,
 note that my Ian knot is quite secure for all normal activities. Wow. Anna, maybe you're
 using Ian's knot. Yeah, I think I am. The knot thing is unbelievable that we've all been
 tying our shoelaces wrong. I saw this in a TED talk. You saw an Ian's knot. So we are all
 doing this granny knot on the way or most of us are. And the way you can tell is if you get
 your finger, if you sort of pull the sides of your shoelace part when your shoes are tied
 in a bow, then the bow orient itself vertically. So orient itself away from your body. Whereas
 if you've done a good knot and you pull the two sides of your shoelace part, then the
 bow orient itself horizontally. So it orient itself. Does that make sense? Just looking
 at Dan's shoes now. And they have no laces. I'm not that tall either many more.
 Shell of one cliff too many. Well, you should explain that now that you know how to do
 up shoes, which is basically when we do them up usually, you're putting the very first
 cross you make with the laces, the very first one when you're doing our shoes in a bow,
 you're putting the wrong lace over the top. And if you do the other one, then you'll
 find that it orient itself the right way and it's much stronger. So you put the left hand
 lace over the top of the right hand lace and then draw it underneath. I've just redone
 it on myself. And I think because I'm left handed, I've been putting the left one over
 as is recommended. I was just going to say I bet left handed people do it differently.
 You've been doing it right. And they're very secure my laces. Well, no, they do come
 apart. Sometimes I was gone. I've given away too much about myself. I have to say I tried
 this last night and I, what my mind was blown, I would say, I'm so excited. I'm never going
 to do my laces that wrong again. Can I just say on Ian very quickly, his website's
 called Ian's shoelace site. Ian Feigen is his name. It's worth pointing out, he's made
 a whole side about shoelaces and he actually doesn't really overly care about shoelaces.
 He kind of does what we do. He's picked a subject that he wants to mine and find out
 stuff about and just create a place that's the place to go to about the knowledge, the history
 and so on about it. So a huge shout out to him for just doing that. He doesn't
 give a shit about shoelaces. Are you sure he doesn't? He says on his site, I'm really not
 a knotting nut. I'm just a friendly Aussie guy trying to contribute to the internet. He
 has a celebrity section too. Does he? Yeah. What do Taylor Swift, John McEnroe and
 Reese Witherspoon have in common? They all wear shoes. Well, they're all celebrities
 who I believe may be tying granny knots thanks to the telltale sign of crooked shoelace
 bows that run along the shoe instead of across the shoe. Celebrities are human too. So who
 are they? Taylor Swift, John McEnroe. John McEnroe, Reese Witherspoon. So if I'm looking
 for celebrities, they're not going to be the first three that I look for. Taylor Swift might
 be, but John McEnroe probably would be down in the thousands. And so basically he's checked
 a lot of celebrities to get down as far as John McEnroe. And yet he doesn't care about shoelaces.
 I think he went straight to John McEnroe because tennis is one of the jobs you'd have where
 you'd really want strong shoelaces. You may have one of your extra grand slams had he been
 tying. And he's probably got a shoe. Like no one else on that list probably has a shoe, but
 he'll have a sponsored shoe. Well, you know, you have, you have shoes as tennis players.
 We do also have shoes. There's other people. No, but I mean like the McEnroe shoe there
 might be. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. I'm saying sports people tend to have shoes. Do they?
 Yes. Zola Bud didn't. Who? I'm sorry. That's a very niche reference. But she used to run
 without shoes. She's very famous for it. That is a fantastic joke for those who know who Zola
 Bud is. Sandy Shaw, is that no? No. She didn't wear shoes. Wait, the second. Yeah. Oh, yeah, she's
 never got shoes in the video clips. What did she build up against? Does that work for you guys?
 Yes. Yes. Okay. We got the reference. Yeah. He didn't get any lucrative sponsorship deals
 as he went to Mordor. So on knots. Yeah. Okay. This is so cool. Every single cell in your body
 has two meters of DNA in it, right? But according to science, anything longer than about 139 centimeters
 is likely to get tied up in a knot spontaneously, just due to being agitated about 50 percent
 of the time. So how does our DNA not get into this massive tangled ball? And there are loads
 of theories and scientists don't know. It's so cool. So one of the latest theories is that it's
 got these, I'm going to misexplanate, because it's quite complicated, but it's constantly slipping
 through these rings like proteins. And basically, it gets bunched up in lengths like carriages
 in a train. So you're interacting a bit with the rest of the length in your carriage, but
 you're not interacting with other lengths of the DNA. Okay. So it gets bunched up into balls
 which kind of run against each other. Basically, it gets bunched up into sections which are
 much less likely to form knots. Okay. Is that like, if you put loads of elastic bands
 in a box or something, they'd all get tangled up with each other maybe, but if you put elastic
 band balls, then they wouldn't get tangled up with each other. I mean, that would be a great
 explanation if it was true. I don't know if it is. Because I really understood that very
 it's true. I don't know if it is. Maybe it is. Okay. Let's go with that. So the idea that
 things get tangled was discovered by Dorian Rayma and Douglas Smith and they won an
 Ignobel Prize for Physics in 2008. And what they did was they put a load of cords in a rotating
 box and they did it more than 3,000 times. And they found that almost always it all got
 knotted up. And this is why if you put your headphones in your pocket or if you, you know,
 all that kind of stuff, it always gets tangled, right? Yeah. Basically, their explanation
 is if you have a cord, there is only one way that it's not knotted mathematically. The way
 that it's not knotted is nothing is over the top of each other. Whereas there are hundreds
 and thousands of ways that it might be knotted. So it's just much more likely that it'll
 be one of those knotted states and one of the knotted states. But that's a bit loose.
 So they haven't really cracked the mystery of when I wrap Christmas lights up in a perfect
 role and put them in a box where they stay motionless for 360 days and then get them out. Why
 are they tangling? Oh, my God, you only have your Christmas lights up for five days a year.
 Yeah, or the preparing for Christmas more than a week in advance is bullshit.
 Is it more likely that? It's screwed. It's because they take two months to or not. We don't
 get them up until the second of January. Maybe it's tiny earthquakes. It's probably
 that. So there's always tiny earthquakes. Yeah, it must be that. But it does depend on
 the length of the cable as well. So if a cable is shorter than 46 centimeters. Which I imagine
 that is Christmas lights probably are. Put them on a tiny twig of a tree. But if it's shorter
 than 46 centimeters, it will rarely, if ever, get knotted. So all you have to do is buy
 headphone cables, which are shorter than 46 centimeters. And I'm sure that you're constantly
 holding your phone in your face. The shoelaces get at least 12 mentions in the Bible. No, no, no, no, wrong.
 It's true. I got this from Ian's shoelace site and he has a section called shoelaces as
 seen in. And he's listed movies where Jesus's shoelaces came undone and low he tied them
 in. Well, Genesis, I've got one here. Genesis. What else? And on the eighth day. Can you give
 us any quotes? Yes, so chapter and verse. So Genesis, it's that I would not take a thread
 or a shoelace or anything that is yours, lest you should say I have made a room rich.
 Okay, here's that possible support for that. It wasn't earth see the ice man, who was about
 5,500 years ago he lived then. His shoes were done up, weren't they, with kind of leather
 songs, with some very rudimentary laces. So it's not inconceivable. Yeah, here's one from
 American King James Version, John 127. Here it is, who coming after me is preferred before
 me, whose shoelace I am not worthy to unloose. Oh, yeah, okay. Yeah, all right, fine. Wow,
 right. We're buying it. Didn't think that was going to work. See, Ian, he knows his stuff,
 does. Hey, if I say the phrase, I like your shoelaces to you. What is the appropriate response?
 Oh, thank you, Ian. May I say, you're not has made all the difference in the world to me?
 Is that it? It's not. It is. Thanks. I stole them from the president. Does that ring any bells
 with you? It didn't for me. And I wonder if I'm being sort of internet. Well, it feels to me
 like it's a thing that you might say to prove your spy. So like if you're reading a newspaper
 in a park and someone said, I like your shoelaces, you would say that response. Yeah. And they
 would know you were a spy. It's very close. It's what people who use Tumblr say to detect
 that another Tumblr user in the real world. So it's a code that they all know to say. I like
 your shoelaces. Well, you've just spoiled it now. No, because they all know it. Yeah, but now
 everyone else knows it. There used to be the Dennis the Menace Fine Club from the Bino used
 to have a secret thing that you would say to people. I was a member of that. Do you remember
 the secret code? No, I don't. I don't know. You weren't a real member. You were one of the
 fake members. All your parents had just been doing it for the letter every week from Dennis
 the Menace to you. Do you know Sandra? I'm not going to say what it is. But if anyone ever
 sees me in the street and you used to be a member, then I still know it. See James knows
 how to keep a secret down. So you know that extra hole on a shoelace. So you know when you
 often type a shoes. Yeah. And there's kind of a, you get to the top and then there's an extra
 hole kind of just behind that. Often slightly lower, especially walking boots. You get this.
 And so usually I just don't do anything with it. The purpose of it is for preventing blisters.
 So what you do is you tie all your shoelaces up to the top like normal. And then you keep
 your shoelace on the same side and thread it through that next hole to create a loop on
 you do that on both sides. And then you weave the shoelaces on opposite sides through
 the loops you've created. And this tightens it around your ankle and stops you from getting
 blisters. That's great. Yeah. Look up a vid. It's simple and effective. That's what they
 would teach you that when you're in scouts. Would they? Yeah. Good. I'm really giving away
 a lot about my childhood. Yeah. But they never taught me. Did they not? No. No, you weren't
 really a scout. Well, your parents just said you were less of a baton power. Yeah, that's
 right. You're just done. Dennis and the meritorious guy. I'm very proud of you.
 Okay, it's time for pack number three. And that is Andy. My fact is that Nelson's ship HMS
 victory nearly didn't get out of the dock it was built in because it was too big. It was
 a classic mistake. They thought we're going to build this fantastic big ship and they built
 it. And the night before the launch, the dockyard foreman looked at it and he thought, I wonder
 if it's too big. And he measured the ship at its widest point and then he measured the dock.
 He found his horror. It was nine and a half inches wider than the dock. So rookie error.
 It's a rookie. I look complete. Amateurism. And so like he told his boss who apparently fell
 into despair. I said, what are we going to do? The ship will get stuck if we try and launch
 it and it'll be massively embarrassing. And then the ship writes in the carpeters who were
 working at the dock just, you know, just wore away at the dock's timbers and removed
 bits and they managed to save that crucial, you know, they must have removed about a foot.
 So it got through, but imagine it would have had about a couple of inches on either side.
 Yeah. So exciting. I read that his boss was called John Allen and he was already suffering
 from violence and frequent attacks of a billiest disorder in his bowels. And this could not
 have helped his brown diamonds will not have been amused. So, you know, I mean, this was said
 at the time that, uh, eight years of victory nearly didn't make it to the Battle of Trafalgar,
 but it was launched in 1765, 40 years before. So it probably would have caught up.
 Well, it was a long way away, wasn't it, from the location. Where did they build it? New
 Zealand or something and then set off towards the battle 40 years before.
 This isn't the only time this has happened. So, um, isn't by Kingdom Brunel built the world's
 first proper big iron ship. It was the first iron steam ship across the Atlantic. It was a massive
 deal. It was a SS Great Britain and it was built to be a passenger service between Bristol and
 America, but when he built it, it was in Bristol, Docs in 1844 and it got trapped in the lock gates.
 And I was reading a letter of apology he wrote to a people at a meeting he was supposed to be at
 the next day saying he wasn't able to get there because this huge boat he built had got trapped
 because the lock was too small and he'd been up all night having to dismantle the masonry of the lock
 in order to get it out. And that's Brunel who you would have thought knows what he's doing.
 It must be a thing you just forget to check. That last minute exit door bit.
 I could click because it has happened a lot. There's a different one slightly. This could get out
 the dock, but have you heard of the Ural? It was called Ural. Yeah, the Ural. It's a famous ship.
 I'd not heard of it before. No, but there's a place called the Ural Mountains.
 Oh, okay. All right. So, this was commissioned in 1989 and it was 265 meters long, 36,000 tons.
 Basically, it was so large that nowhere was big enough to dock it. So, they had to dock it just off
 the harbor and just use it as a place where soldiers and naval officers could just have as a base
 and track things and so on and they've now decommissioned it, but they just couldn't use it. It was too
 big. And it was supposed to be because it became basically a barracks, didn't it? But it was supposed
 to be a huge thing for the Soviet Union. The technology on it was amazing. So, it was powered by
 nuclear reactors. It was huge, like you said. It had the best in electronics and intelligence. It could
 see satellites from out of space. It could see any ballistic missiles that might be coming towards it.
 It was supposed to be an amazing intelligence gathering ship that traveled around the world.
 And yet, they just built it too big. So, apron as a victory. This is quite cool. It was the same
 age as Nelson, basically. As in when they had the battle, I think he was 48 and the ship was 47.
 So, not the same age. Not the same age. Yeah, all right.
 Different news at school. But they wouldn't know each other. Yeah, yeah, yeah. He was big sister.
 When Nelson was born, was he too large to fit out of the earth? They had to physically dismantle him.
 Oh, God.
 But this is really cool. So, three years before the battle, he went around the forest of
 damage, provided all the wood for the, you know, the Napoleonic Navy. And it was 6,000 trees.
 And he was appalled at what he found, right? Because loads of the forest was unavailable.
 Timber merchants were saying, no, you can't have this bitten. Lots of the rest of it had been kind of
 ruined by charcoal burners. And Nelson said parliament should plant lots of new forests, right?
 And a few years after he died in Trafalgar, they did plant a load of new forests. And two of the
 oaks planted during that ship building tree planting drive provided raw material to restore HMS
 victory 200 years later. Oh, that is so nice. How cool is that? Yeah, that's very cool. Do you know
 how it got its name? The name victory? Yeah, victory. Was it not named until after the Battle of Trafalgar?
 It was just my name's brown. Was it named in a massive act of hubris?
 It was named, they say, potentially, because I think it's not fully known to commemorate the victories
 that were happening in the year of 1759, which were a lot. And they called that year the year of
 miracles, Annas Mirabilis, if I'm pronouncing that correctly, it's the year of miracles.
 But I suspect it was the other thing, because on the article it says, or it may have been chosen
 simply because out of the seven names shortlisted, victory was the only one that was not in use.
 Other six were already massive ship names. Yeah. So I reckon the ship's face was already.
 The Battle of Trafalgar was obviously very heated. That's some statement. But
 Nelson was shot at the height of the battle, and his ship was tangled with a French ship, I think,
 maybe a Spanish one, and there were snipers in the rigging of that ship shooting people on deck.
 But listen to this. So Nelson seemed like he really had a death wish, because he was walking up
 and down on deck in spite of that. He was dictating to his secretary who was called Scott at the time.
 Scott got blasted in half by a cannonball. So Nelson's assistance quickly pick up his body and
 they throw him overboard. Nelson's response is just to say, "Is that poor Scott?"
 If you get hit by a cannonball, it could literally cut you in half.
 If a cannonball is fired, yeah, I mean that's a huge heavy lump of metal,
 traveling at hundreds of miles an hour. Yeah, I'm not saying that it couldn't kill you,
 but I thought it would splatter you rather than just like literally.
 I think he was in half. Well maybe he was almost cussed too. I don't know.
 It probably wasn't a clean cut. I can't be saying that. It's like a guillotine.
 No. So anyway, Scott is no longer available for secretarial duties to put it mildly.
 So then the next person to replace him is called Thomas Whipple. He arrives on deck. Nelson
 probably continues dictating to him. Yeah. Then Whipple dies almost immediately, because a cannonball
 doesn't hit him, but it passes him and it's believed he was killed by the shockwave from...
 Whoa! Whipple, pull yourselves together. Wow. I know. This is what Nelson was just walking up
 and down in, unconcernally, and eventually he was hit. Pro-old Whipple, because he would be nervous
 having probably witnessed what just happened to your predecessor. In 2005, there was a big
 anniversary of Trafalgar, and it included a fireworks display, which used the same amount of
 gunpowder that HMS victory used in the Battle of Trafalgar. Wow. Oh, really? And so how much was that?
 I think it was about 12 tons. Cool. No, I'd be wrong. And there was also a naval battle reenactment,
 right? But they didn't say these are the British ships and these are the French, because they
 don't want to annoy the French, because relations with Kagan, they don't want to say, "Haha,
 we beat you." So they just said it was a reenactment of a sort of naval battle that would have taken
 place at that time. I think it's very considerate. Yeah. I don't have a lot of sympathy for the
 political correctness, God-man phrase, but that really does feel like... And they also feature an
 assimilation of the death of Nelson, where Nelson was played by Alex Naylor, who is described in the
 newspaper accounts at the time as a professional Nelson look-alike. Wow. Well, they not allowed
 to simulate that he actually died in case it offended people. And so... Well, they weren't actually
 allowed to kill Alex Naylor. No, I think political correctness has not gone far enough. Honestly, the guy
 played Scott. It's... I mean, there can't be much work for Nelson, professional Nelson. No, I didn't
 look up if he's still working or still doing it, but I'm sure it's a sideline. It's weird, you know,
 in Copenhagen when you see the people being statues that you don't ever see that of someone being...
 You do, but he's on a massive column. He's been holding that strong.
 This is my spot. The guy is hogging that plan. Okay, it is time for a final fact of the show,
 and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that in a chocolate hobnob,
 can you check a predict street for that? My fact is that in a chocolate hobnob, the chocolate
 is on the bottom. So for... I don't know if hobnobs are international. Are they all over the world?
 Are they in America and Australia? I can't remember. I do suspect them. It's a chocolate biscuit,
 a hobnob. It's like... No, a hobnob is like an oat biscuit, and they have chocolate hobnobs,
 which are oat biscuits with chocolate on them. And most normal people would probably assume
 that the chocolate was on the top. There's only on one side. It's only on one side, yeah. But then
 someone posted a picture on Facebook and asked Macvitties who make these biscuits, which side is the
 chocolate on the top of the bottom. And they said, we take our hobnobs and we clip them in a pool
 of chocolate. And so that means that the chocolate is on the bottom. They actually say reservoir
 of chocolate. And they use it a lot. And I've been googling reservoir of chocolate and I can't
 find... That's inaccurate, though, because you don't produce chocolate by waiting for it to fall
 from the sky and then storing it for years as you do with the water reservoir. So it should be a pool,
 maybe I don't know. Well, but then can we trust them about this up-down situation with them? Because
 actually reservoir does imply reserving something. Like it's a reservoir of water is something where
 you're keeping the water there for when you need it, right? Whereas the chocolate, I imagine, they
 probably change it pretty much every day. I would hope so. But here's my controversial hot take.
 On the packet of chocolate hobnobs, they clearly depict a hobnob with the biscuit side facing down
 and the chocolate side facing up. So either they are lying or you've got your packet upside down.
 And all the words should be... Either all the words should be upside down. All the biscuit should be
 the other way up. Yeah, maybe they're showing the biscuit upside down on the... Why would you do that?
 But it's their decision, right? It's their decision.
 It's up to them. Basically, we're going on what MacVity say and it's their product, so they're allowed to
 say what they want. And they say it's on the bottom, so it's on the bottom. And it's all their chocolate
 biscuits, isn't it? They did. Well, here's another bit of evidence. Even we could hear the inverted
 words around the word evidence there. If you take a digestive biscuit, okay, they're not called
 digestive biscuits in America, are they? Because they don't help your digestion. I can't remember what
 they're called over there, but they're just basically biscuits. The top is rounded and has a MacVity's
 logo on and the bottom has kind of criss-cross on it. And then when you have a chocolate digestive,
 it's the criss-cross bit which has got the chocolate on it. So that it's much more clear that it's
 the bottom. Oh yeah, that's a really good point. Yeah, but if I saw someone eating a chocolate
 hobnob upside down, and when I say that, I mean, with the chocolate side on the bottom, I would think
 they were mad. Because now whenever I see anyone eating a chocolate hobnob the other way around,
 I'm going to go, excuse me. I'm already saying that's upside down. But again, for overseas listeners,
 the sort of who have switched off a long time ago. But sort of the massiveness of this news in this
 country, I told my white list this morning and she- And you're not divorced. Yeah, she couldn't believe it.
 She said, yeah, she said, "How dare you? Slapped me and walked away." It's big news. It's kind of like
 in America when we said this on the podcast a long time ago, someone wrote to Nike to say,
 is it Nike or Nike? And the owner came back and said, "It's Nike." And everyone was like, "Well,
 we've been saying Nike for years, and it's just a confirmation thing, but it's massive here." I
 wonder how much control they have over it. Once it goes out into the world, you don't get to choose
 how people pronounce a word. That's true. And you don't get to choose how people eat hobnops.
 No, thank God. But you do get to choose what your official answer is.
 Yeah, but you also get to choose how you depict it on the packet, if they really were committing it.
 But it looks like they put an upside down, they would put a hobnob on the packet the other way up.
 But then you wouldn't be able to see the chocolate very well. Oh, yeah. It would just look like a normal brown.
 But yeah, I think the reason that they show it upside down is so that you can see that it's a chocolatey one and not a normal one.
 That's a really good point. That's such a good point. Otherwise, you'd just be buying digestive biscuits,
 thinking in the hope there might be some chocolate underneath it. So if you weren't chocolate on the packet,
 what further proof do you need? Well, Nike says, "Biscuit on the packet." Why do you even need a picture?
 Why does it all of our packaging, of all of our things just have an explanation of what everything is?
 In fact, they're sold in flat packets where they're all on their edge. So this is a nonsense.
 That's the correct way up to use our hobnob. It's time it on its edge, particularly.
 But it's vertically into your mouth. You have to put your head sideways through your head.
 I was looking into McVitties. Oh, yeah.
 Yeah. McVitties have been around for a very long time.
 McVitties made the wedding cake for Queen Elizabeth and Philip's wedding today.
 Yeah, McVitties provided the official wedding cake. Everyone said it was upside down.
 They had the little squash to bride a group underneath it.
 Interestingly, they actually had 12 wedding cakes in total. They had the official one,
 which was made by McVitties, but this was 1947. There was a lot of rations going on at the time.
 11 cakes were donated by different countries from around the world to say you probably can't
 afford your own cake because of the rationing that's going so loud. Wow, all the impoverished
 commonwealth countries could be saving to make a cake just so they could deliver a sick burn.
 Yeah, so they would send ingredients. Sorry for sending all the marbles and all our
 treasures for the last 100 years. Yeah, you probably can't afford your own cake.
 But yeah, it's weird. It says the official cake was made using ingredients given as a wedding gift
 by Australian girl guides. I don't know if that means then McVitties turned that into a cake or if
 McVitties wasn't the official official. But yeah, you know the main cake was six feet tall.
 Was it the McVitties one, presumably? Yes, and it had a metal night on a horse on top of it.
 Pretty cool cake. Just one more thing, Prince William's wedding, 2011, his groom's cake for his wedding
 was 1,700 McVitties rich tea biscuits. Oh, terrible joy. Yeah, it was made from those.
 It wasn't like them stacked on each other. It was, I guess, crumbed up and used. But it was a McVitties cake
 as well. So that's two of the British royals who've had wedding cakes from McVitties.
 Oh, wow. You know the guy who actually news from this year, the guy who invented a lot of
 chocolate biscuits died recently. He died aged 81. It was last month and apparently he created
 chedders, many chedders, and he created cracker wheat and he created hobnops. And he worked for
 Meredith and Drew, which became United Biscuits, which are the company that own McVitties in 1960.
 And he invented a whole bunch of recipes and apparently people who worked with the company
 would just write down these recipes and then they'd shove them in a box somewhere and years
 after he left the company, they were running out of ideas and they went through his recipes
 and they made all these biscuits. The word hobnob used to mean to toast each other with drinks.
 It's in 12th night. Yeah, that's his first mention, isn't it?
 Yeah, first mention, 12th night. I saw this on the Inky Fool blog by a friend of ours
 called Mark Forsyth. And he said that the first record is in 12th night where an angry
 jewelist is described as hobnob is his word gift or take. And hobnob meant to give or take.
 It's like, you know, a positive or negative plus or minus give and take hobnob, hobnob meant to
 have and hobnob meant to not have. Makes sense? Really? To have and have an hob.
 And they're derived from ship spiscuits, which would have been used at the Battle of Trafalgar
 to eat. But ship spiscuits, they were kind of designed to be unbreakably hard.
 You had to dunk them to get them soft enough to eat. And even if you did dunk them sometimes,
 because biscuit means twice cooked is from the, I think, a French or probably originally Latin
 biscuit means twice cooked to make them hard to eat bacon and ties. But some ship spiscuits
 were baked four times for a really long voyage, if you needed really tough food.
 I was reading actually. I found an old book which was talking about the process of making
 naval biscuits. So this is a book from 1815, which was describing this guy who went to a biscuit
 factory. What was a biscuit factory then? And he described the mass production of biscuits,
 which involve five men around the oven and it involved lots of tossing lumps of dough to each other
 and then getting it exactly on the peel, which was the big plate at the right time. But the first
 thing that had to happen was the dough had to be needed. And the way the dough was needed was
 it's placed on top of a piece of machinery called a horse and a man literally rides the horse
 up and down until the dough is sufficiently needed. Where is the dough in between his bottom and the
 horse? Or is it the toes in between the horse and the table? Okay, but he needs to get on the horse
 in order to move it about. Right, I see. Because I was thinking about how the huns used to tenderise
 their meat by putting it in their trousers and then riding all day and then by the end of the day
 it was tender. And I was wondering if these biscuits were made in the same way.
 The hobnubs were named by John Murphy. They were going to be called old crunchies before that.
 And he has a history of naming things. He named British Telecom,
 Prozac and Homebase. No, no. He's a professional neighbour of things. That's just his job. He just
 goes and yeah, he saw a kind of gap in the market of when people were naming new companies and he's
 like, "I can do that." There's just all the things you need to lead a happy life, aren't they?
 Those whole things. Well, BT Homebase of Prozac. Yeah, and hobnubs.
 He says, "When it comes to naming, it's in thirds. One third is strategy. One third is creative.
 And the final third is checking that the name is available."
 And he also invented, I don't know if we've mentioned this before, "Cello Scrotum." Do you remember that?
 So, "Cello Scrotum" was a condition, a medical condition, that cellist's got.
 And apparently, rubbed against your scrotum when you played the cello, presumably played it wrong.
 He wrote to a newspaper, actually, to the BMJ, to the British Medical Journal, saying that he was
 a doctor and that he'd come up with this thing called "Cello Scrotum" and a lot of cellists were
 getting it, but actually it was a trick. And he was trying to make fun of the fact that all of these
 like housemaids, knee and golfer's elbow and all these kind of things were kind of taking on and he
 was trying to make fun of it. Oh, so that wasn't real. I think most cellists, this is a generalisation,
 are women. Sure. If you've got the cello Scrotum, you really have been playing it wrong.
 In April last year, five men were imprisoned for stealing a trailer with £20,000 worth of biscuits in
 it. That was the street value of the biscuits. The production value was £12,000. But they'd
 knit the trailer and it was found abandoned without the biscuits in it. I don't think the biscuits were
 recovered. And so they eventually admitted theft these five men. They were sentenced each of them to
 between 16 and 44 months. And as they were sentenced, one of them shouted, "Would you like a biscuit?"
 That's great. Did the judge at any point say they absolutely took the biscuit?
 Oh, that's great.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to
 get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Sriberland, James, @Xshaped, Andy. I have
 Andrew Hunter and Anna. You can email podcast@QI.com. Yep. Or you can go to our group account,
 which is @Qipodcast, or you can go to our website. No such thing as a fish.com. We've got all of our
 previous episodes up there. We've also got a link to our tour coming up this October in November.
 We'll see you again next week. Goodbye.
 [Music]
