 (stuttering in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andy Murray,
 and Alex Bell.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my facts, and my fact this week
 is that according to the diary of the first chief of MI6,
 this is how the first day went.
 Went to the office, saw no one,
 nor was there anything to do there.
 - And that was the first day of proper spying in Britain.
 - Yeah, when is that because the spies were so good,
 he couldn't fight.
 (laughing)
 - In, there were seven lampstands.
 - So, who was this?
 - Mansfield coming.
 He's the founding chief of MI6.
 This was in the year 1909, I believe.
 And he's someone we've mentioned very briefly
 ages ago on this podcast.
 He's the guy who used to, when he was recruiting people
 in MI6, would stab a knife into his leg
 in order to see what the reaction of the person
 he was interviewing would be.
 - You've missed out a very important bit of that segment.
 - Which is that he had a wooden leg.
 (laughing)
 Very good point.
 And it's a trick you really have to get right, isn't it?
 It can't make a mistake.
 - He had a wooden leg because he lost his first leg,
 having stabbed himself so many times.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, he said to have gone,
 'cause it was quite hard to walk around with a wooden leg.
 And he wasn't born with it.
 It was later in life, but he used to go around.
 - Screw you.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, sorry.
 (laughing)
 - Tragically Pinocchio was born with a wooden everything.
 (laughing)
 - But he's an amazing character.
 - Matt's you're coming.
 He's everything that you would hope for in the founder of...
 - It's so British eccentricity.
 He's like Inspector Clueso.
 All the stories you really have.
 - Favourite British eccentricity.
 Inspector.
 (laughing)
 - Oh my god, so eccentric.
 He didn't even have British nationality.
 (laughing)
 - Oh no.
 - Before he joined, he was in boom defense.
 - Yes, yeah.
 - Which is defense of the sea.
 The coastline, sort of putting huge piles into the sea.
 - Huge, nets, nets and all sorts of traps
 and spotting devices and things like that.
 And the man who was setting up the secret service
 called A.E. Bethel, wrote to him,
 saying, my dear man, you're coming.
 Boom, defense must be getting a bit stale with you.
 You may therefore perhaps like a new billet.
 If so, I have something good I can offer you.
 - What a cool way of saying, do you want to be...
 - Dot, dot, dot.
 - Just by master.
 - And he was really reluctant.
 - He was living on a narrow boat at the time.
 He was coming up to retirement age anyway.
 And he kept sort of going,
 I really like making these boom nets.
 (laughing)
 And he just keeps asking,
 is like, could I do the boom netting thing
 at the same time, is that a possibility?
 - Do you think that he would spend all his days
 in a my six day dreaming of being not a spy,
 whereas what everyone else would day dream about being a spy?
 - Oh right.
 - You're dreaming of getting a tap on the shoulder
 and saying, would you like to not be a spy?
 (laughing)
 - What's really weird is that he lived on a narrow boat
 before then, he was in the Navy.
 And he had to leave because he got really seasick.
 But then he went to live on a boat.
 - Oh, right.
 - Wow.
 - Not many waves and tides on a canal though, is that right?
 - I'd say even fewer on the land though.
 - That's true, yeah.
 - An interesting thing about spies,
 in the first correspondence,
 where they're talking about the spies,
 they're not referred to by the word spies,
 they're referred to by the word scallywags,
 because they used to recruit people.
 It was different to the romantic notion
 we have of this James Bond character.
 It was all about any kind of common criminal
 that you might be able to find overseas
 who'd be up for doing some spying for you.
 The word scallywags was used in the war
 to refer to people who would kind of do very, very small things
 to put off any invaders,
 so like turning signs round or that kind of thing.
 - I know something about them.
 I think we did this on the show actually,
 is that private Godfrey from Dad's Army
 was in a group called the Scallywags in the Second World War,
 which was devoted to sabotage
 of any potential German invasion.
 And they were given arms,
 they were given the ingredients to make bombs,
 they were given instructions for how to set up
 razor wire tracks across roads.
 It really was pretty unpleasant,
 the stuff that they were prepared to do
 in the event of an invasion.
 Yeah, of course.
 - So do you guys know about all the other MIs?
 Because they're in 19 of them,
 although they were.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 Okay, so there was, for example,
 MI1 was coat and ciphers,
 and that's now GCHQ.
 So some of them still exist,
 but they're under different names.
 They've been subsumed, you know, glazing and stuff like that.
 My favorite ones are MI4,
 which was the geographical section,
 so maps, they just dealt with maps.
 MI7, which was press and propaganda,
 which was kind of interesting.
 And MI16, which is scientific intelligence,
 that was formed in 1945.
 During the Scottish independence debate,
 it was revealed that there's still money going into MI16.
 So it still exists.
 How cool is that?
 - But then it is just scientists.
 I reckon you got to a party and go,
 "Oh, yeah, actually, I work for MI16."
 (laughing)
 - There's no MI13 though.
 - There's no, no.
 - No, it's not because it's paddling.
 - Well, I don't know.
 There are a couple that never existed.
 So for some reason, I mean,
 MI8 was only used in fiction, apparently.
 But then why would you not just use all the numbers?
 It's really odd that they missed out a couple.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - So the correct name for MI6 is the SIS,
 which is a secret intelligence service.
 - Yes.
 - It was originally known as a secret service bureau.
 And that was known as either the SS bureau,
 or sometimes just the SS.
 - Ooh, it's done in a fashion now.
 - Do you want to know something else
 that's really cool about Mansfield coming?
 - I think that he invented the method
 of spies driving up to someone and saying, "Get in."
 - So before that, people would just stand there
 when the car got there and go, "Well, what do you want me to do?"
 - I don't know.
 - So basically, he would drive to meet people, right?
 But he thought that they would have associates
 who would be waiting to photograph you
 or that they would be waiting to, you know,
 cost you or whatever.
 So he said, "Drive past the rendezvous on the opposite side,
 and once you've spotted the target, and I'm quoting here,
 drive up close to him, open the door, and invite him in.
 I lean back the moment I've caught his eye,
 and from then on, I do not show myself at all."
 - This is another bit from his diary.
 - Surely we cannot be expected to sit in the office month
 by month doing absolutely nothing.
 There was just nothing to do.
 And then on the 14th and 15th of October,
 his diary then again reads, "Office all day, no one appeared."
 - I heard it was just an office rented in the name
 of a private detective called Mr. Drew.
 - Yes.
 - Victorious Dread.
 - And then the next office as well,
 or one of the later offices was under another pseudonym.
 - There was one that was 54 Broadway.
 They had that between 1926 and 1964.
 But the sign outside said,
 "It was the Mini-Max Fire Extinguisher Company."
 - Wow.
 - And that was actually MI6.
 And when they eventually sold that property to buy a new one,
 they realized that people were coming round to view it.
 And one of the people who came to view
 was a Russian trade delegation.
 (laughing)
 - They had to quickly go around
 and take all the maps off the walls, yeah.
 - That was amazing.
 There's also a very another exciting character
 who was recruited by Mansfield Cumming,
 which was a man called Thomas Merton.
 He was the original cue.
 He was the gadget man.
 Yeah, he worked out how they could create an invisible ink
 for writing, because up until then,
 they'd been experimenting with using semen,
 which I think is quite well known, right?
 - Yeah, Mansfield Cumming said
 that he thought the best invisible ink was semen.
 - Yeah.
 - The advantage of using bodily fluids
 is that if you were found in possession of them,
 they weren't incriminating.
 - If you're in a bottle, I think it's more incriminating.
 - No, the idea is that spies had been convicted
 and sentenced to death because they'd been found
 with lemon juice and stuff like that,
 'cause they say, "Why would you have lemon juice on you?"
 - I think why do you have semen on you?
 It's still a good question for us, it's not one.
 (laughing)
 - Is this anything to do with Cumming?
 (laughing)
 - That's amazing.
 - The agent who discovered that you can use semen
 as invisible ink apparently had to transfer
 to another department after he was teased
 so much by other staff members.
 (laughing)
 So bad, that's it.
 And apparently there was one officer in Copenhagen
 who took the discovery so seriously
 that he stocked a whole load of invisible ink in his office
 and it began to smell so badly that other agent said to him,
 "You should use fresh every time you want to write a letter
 "and rather than saving it."
 - Oh my God.
 You have to really take someone aside
 to acquire one of the rooms, tell them that then.
 - So I'm surprised that in all the stuff
 that I read of Mansfield coming,
 I've only read this in one spot probably,
 but Rasputin's death was off the back of Mansfield coming.
 - Supposedly.
 - Yeah, I think the word British might have evolved
 somehow in his death definitely.
 They poisoned him and he sort of ate all the poison
 and then he laughed and he had it having a great time
 and then they beat him up and then they shot him
 a couple of times.
 He still didn't die.
 - I think I read was they smashed his testicles flat.
 - Terrible.
 - You won't be writing any more invisible ink letters
 off of this, will you?
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, time for fact number two and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that there is a distillery
 in Kentucky that claims that playing Bruce Springsteen
 to the whiskey improves the aging process.
 - Is that because of Bruce Springsteen going through
 the aging process himself and he knows what it's like?
 - Therefore he can teach the whiskey.
 - It'd be nice to be that but no, sadly not.
 It is the vibrations they think.
 - But specifically Bruce Springsteen.
 - No, it's just any old music but I think being in Kentucky
 that's just the kind of rock they like.
 - Plus it being dad rock, it just naturally ages
 anything that listens to it.
 (laughing)
 - So this will be Bobham because it's in Kentucky
 but when you make any kind of whiskey like this,
 the way that ages is they put it in barrels
 and then the liquor inside the barrel will go
 in and out of the pores of the wood
 and that will give it it's kind of woody taste
 and it will age it in that way.
 And they think that by bracing it,
 it will slosh the liquid around a bit more
 which will make it age quicker.
 It seems like it probably does work to a certain extent.
 - It's really cool the way that whiskey distilleries
 make drinks that might not actually hit the market
 until after the founders are either retired or dead.
 So there are 70 year old whiskeys which go on sale.
 - Yeah, and this is something that they made 70 years ago.
 What was that?
 70 years ago from now that's 1945.
 Why don't know how much whiskey they were making in 1945
 and other things of the mind, but yeah, it's just incredible.
 - Yeah, it's really interesting as well
 the relationship between the whiskey and the barrel
 because obviously the, like you say,
 the essence of the barrel goes into the whiskey
 but it happens all the way around as well.
 So the barrels in which Jack Daniel's Tennessee whiskey
 is aged are reused afterwards to age to basco sauce.
 - I think they also sell the barrels
 over to scotch companies as well.
 - Yes, I do.
 I've been to the Jack Daniel's Distillery.
 - How do you do?
 - In Tennessee and a fact about it is that it's a dry county.
 You're not allowed to buy alcohol there.
 - Wow.
 - There's a special sort of dispensation.
 So you can, I think you can buy a souvenir bottle
 but you're not allowed to actually drink it
 until you're over the border out of that particular county.
 - Yeah, it's amazing the relationship of music
 and alcohol so there was a report done,
 a research report by guy called Professor North
 who found that people were five times more likely
 to buy French wine than German wine
 if a accordion music was playing in the background.
 - What?
 - Yeah.
 - What about if there was umpah music?
 - Umpah.
 - No way.
 - Umpah band was played the German product
 outsold the French by two to one.
 - With two to one?
 - I can't believe that the effect is substantial.
 - People are so impressionable.
 - There was a study done quite recently
 about the best environment to drink whiskey.
 They had people drinking it in a...
 - Oh, it's on your own, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 It's um, you just stare at the wall.
 - Yeah, and you're on the pants.
 (laughing)
 - Sorry.
 - They had a grassy room with a turf floor
 and the bar in the sheep
 and the smell of freshly cut grass.
 - Just do it outside.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, that's the best new room.
 Unfortunately, there's no other room in existence
 than anyone can drink that in.
 (laughing)
 - That's one.
 The other one is a sweet room,
 which was filled with a sweet fragrance,
 rounded red objects,
 and a high-pitched tinkling sound.
 (laughing)
 And then the last one was a woody room
 with wood paneling and floorboards.
 The sounds of leaves crunching and log fires
 and the smell of cedar wood.
 And the wooden one was by far
 what people enjoyed the most in the wooden room.
 - Wow.
 The woody room.
 - The woody room, yeah.
 - Cool.
 - Um, this, you know, this report I was just talking
 about different tastes of wine and match to music.
 They actually released a playlist of the types of music
 you should listen to to the different wines.
 So when you're drinking a Marlowe.
 - Oh, by my side.
 (laughing)
 - Just, I'll repeat five hundred times.
 (laughing)
 - If you're drinking a Marlowe,
 sitting on the dock of the bay by Otis Redding.
 - Okay.
 - Easy by Lionel Richey.
 - Over the rainbow by Eva Cassidy.
 - None of those are French songs.
 - No, these are, this was the French
 and German wine tasting was about what you buy
 in a supermarket.
 This is about how it actually tastes better.
 - I understand, but how does it affect the taste?
 - Okay, so what he says is that they did a study
 with over 250 university students.
 They played them various different bits of music
 and they all reported back that a certain type of music
 absolutely tasted way better than if they heard it
 with more wine.
 - I can imagine if you have kind of a more smooth tasting wine
 than you want more smooth kind of music.
 - Yeah.
 - That kind of makes sense.
 - I can imagine students just trying to find some correlation
 to play on so that they just get given more free wine.
 (laughing)
 - I'm gonna need to hear another one of them.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Let's try it again.
 - I think I'm sporting a pattern.
 I think we should continue, guys.
 - Chardonnay had what's love got to do with it.
 Tina Turner, spinning around by Kylie Manot
 and rock DJ by Robbie Williams.
 That's what Chardonnay tastes best with.
 This research, by the way, was carried out by a wine maker
 from Chile who himself plays monastic chance
 to his maturing wines.
 - Does he?
 - Yeah, okay.
 - So that's his choice, no spring steam.
 - Okay, so there was a whiskey,
 Bob and whiskey in America,
 where the warehouse where it was held was hit by a tornado.
 And basically the whole of the house
 was almost ripped to smithereens.
 But the barrels were kind of left,
 more or less where they were.
 Apparently when they tried the whiskey,
 it was absolutely amazing.
 And it's called tornado surviving whiskey.
 And it's superior to the usual product, they say.
 - I would say that too if I had an enormous bill of damage
 to read that.
 This whiskey is suddenly quadrupled in value.
 Wow, oh god.
 Well, I mean, that's something, I suppose.
 - Yeah.
 And there's another company called Ocean Aged Bourbon
 who take their whiskey
 and then put it on a boat, send it out to sea for four years
 and when it comes back, apparently it tastes not better.
 - I think this is all nonsense.
 - I know it sounds like it sounds like it's not true,
 but there is a little bit of science behind it.
 The more that it kind of slushes against the word,
 the more it will react to it.
 They really do believe it.
 Like the whiskey maker's really believe it.
 - If you go on the internet,
 you can find a nice advert for whiskey toothpaste.
 - Wow.
 - Don't even know if it's real,
 but the advert seems to be there.
 It's 6% proof, scotch bourbon whiskey.
 And the advert says,
 "Why fight oral hygiene?"
 Enjoy it.
 Here's real he-man toothpaste.
 Best argument yet for brushing three times a day.
 - It's also a fantastic excuse
 for turning up at work, smelling of whiskey.
 (laughing)
 - No, no, no, that's my good taste.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, time for fact number three and that is Alex Bell.
 - Okay, my fact is that there is a statue
 of Nicola Tesla in Silicon Valley
 that radiates free Wi-Fi.
 - Cool.
 - It's cool, isn't it?
 - That is what he would have wanted.
 - It is, yeah.
 - It's him holding a sort of giant wireless light bulb
 and the light bulb sort of goes off Wi-Fi.
 - As a kickstarter project.
 - I've seen the drawings of it.
 I have to say in the drawings,
 they don't quite get the light bulb right in his hand.
 It looks like a big ping pong bag.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - It does look a bit weird.
 - Yeah, and it's like, yeah,
 it's quite an odd thing for him to be holding as well,
 but we should say who Tesla was.
 - Yeah.
 - He was known as the man who invented the 20th century.
 - Yeah.
 - As in before Tesla.
 - It was the 19th century.
 (laughing)
 - He was born on the first century in 1900.
 He was born 1856.
 - Okay.
 - He was born into a lightning storm, a fierce lightning storm,
 according to this, his family legend,
 and midway through the birth, the midwife said
 that the lightning was a bad omen.
 And she said that he'll be a child of darkness.
 And the mother said, no, he will be a child of light.
 That definitely sounds like a driving ride thing there.
 And so Tesla was this fantastic scientist,
 very, very eccentric man.
 We talked about him a bit on the podcast and QI.
 He was, he invented, among other things,
 we talked about the death rate he invented on the podcast.
 - The main thing he invented was the AC polyphase system,
 which does not sound sexy, but it was unbelievable.
 So before Tesla, you could pump up,
 you could transport electricity one mile before Tesla.
 And even then you could only use it
 for lighting up light bulbs and things.
 Thanks to his system, you can transmit it hundreds of miles
 and use it for industrial machinery.
 I mean, it made electricity into a viable technology
 which could span the world.
 - I run it that he's now a wife, I think,
 that probably goes about two meters.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah.
 He was a big whiskey-efficient, I don't actually think.
 - What's he talking whiskey?
 Yeah, he drank it every day
 and he thought that he would live to 150
 by drinking it.
 - Well, try.
 - Prohibition came along
 and he was not a fan of Prohibition at all because of this,
 but he went along with it anyway
 and decided that he was now only going to live to 130
 because he was no longer drinking whiskey.
 He lived to 86, I think, yeah.
 - That's pretty good.
 - Pretty good.
 - Yeah, but he's a long way off his prediction, isn't he?
 - Yeah, that's true.
 - Well, Prohibition, he probably couldn't factor
 in how many years has that actually happened?
 - The last mathematician, I think it was Cardano,
 but it might not have been him,
 but it was one of the people around
 at the same time as him around the Renaissance.
 That predicted exactly the day he was going to die
 and told everyone this was the day he was going to die
 and he was exactly right.
 But a lot of people think he probably killed himself.
 - To prove himself right.
 - Ah, yeah.
 - I was looking at some other statues as well.
 - Oh yeah.
 - The statue of Winston Churchill in Parliament Square.
 There's a myth that it's electrified
 to say that Pigeon's no one around on it,
 but I looked it up and I found a new scientist article
 that says that they thought about it, they didn't do it.
 - Yeah, they also thought about inserting pins
 that would stand out at the top of his head
 intending to stop the birds as well.
 - So that's the standard way of stopping Pigeon?
 - Yeah, but they just thought that would look really weird,
 like he had a punk hairdo.
 - Yeah.
 - So also the top of his head.
 - It's really subtle, though the risk you'll just end up
 with a dead Pigeon.
 - That's right, yeah.
 - Yeah, with Winston Churchill's head.
 - But also the location of where the statue stands
 is located in a spot that in the '50s
 used to be referred to by Churchill
 as where my statue will go in the exact spot.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, so that's he would constantly say that
 if ever they passed.
 He would say that's where my statue will go.
 And that's where it did.
 - He was successful in his life,
 but I mean, that's quite a presumption to make for anyone.
 - Yeah, I don't know.
 - Just to walk you the park, loudly proclaiming,
 that's where my statue will go.
 - Well, as long as you don't say it everywhere you go
 and you help to win the Second World War.
 - Yeah, I don't know.
 I'd be inclined to give him a statue.
 - Well, towards the end there,
 he got voted out and people weren't particularly happy with it.
 - He got voted out immediately afterwards.
 - Yeah, he got voted back in.
 - At the age of 80.
 - He was elected prime minister.
 - Yeah, amazing.
 - There's a mysterious statue in Budapest of Colombo.
 - I'm Detective Peter Falk, yeah.
 - Not the guy who discovered the clitoris.
 - No, that's a call back.
 - That's a call back to an episode between 1555
 that anyone wants to have a listen.
 Yeah, there's a slightly mysterious Peter Falk statue
 sitting in a street in Budapest.
 No one's quite sure why it's there.
 It was built about three years after his death.
 It just suddenly was there.
 They think it was a hungarian politician.
 - Do you think maybe you went there
 on holiday once and when?
 That's where my statue's gonna go.
 (laughing)
 - Yes, exactly.
 - So he did, he's known to have had hungarian roots
 through his grandparents side.
 But yeah, there's no actual link.
 No one's quite sure why it's there.
 - There's the world's smallest sculpture
 by a guy called John T. Hurwitz.
 It was unveiled earlier this year
 and it was almost, it was less than,
 it was less than one millimeter tall
 and was almost immediately destroyed
 when the photographer accidentally crushed it
 with his finger.
 - No, yeah, really.
 It was being photographed standing inside the eye of a needle.
 - There was a museum in Bath called the Impossible Micro World
 which was the most fantastic museum and it closed down.
 But it's amazing, this amazing guy called Willard Wicken
 who makes these things.
 And he's done so as a sculpture of a horse dancing
 on the head of an actual ant.
 - Wow.
 - All the exhibits in the museum,
 you had to go through.
 I went when I was a--
 - The museum normal size.
 So I was going to, it wasn't closed down
 when someone accidentally stood down and got something.
 - Every exhibit you had to look at through a magnifier,
 basically.
 - Wow.
 - And this guy, he has to slow down his heartbeat
 in order to make the cuts necessary
 on the thing he's sculpting.
 So he slows it right down, look through the binoculars
 or the magnifier or the microscope,
 whatever he's using, waits for a heartbeat,
 makes the cut on the thing,
 then the next heartbeat happens.
 - It's just incredible that his hands were so unshaky
 that his heartbeat could have affected how shaky they were.
 I mean, if I try to do something,
 my hands are way shaky than what is being affected
 by my heartbeat.
 - Yes, but you drink very heavy, too.
 - I don't know if it's whiskey, yeah.
 - Do you want to hear some facts about Wi-Fi?
 - Yes, please Andy.
 - Okay.
 - So, this is cool.
 There's an Israeli theme park called Ka-Dem, right?
 And it's a traditional theme park
 for people who want to experience life
 as it was in Galilee 2000 years ago, right?
 If people get bored, I presume,
 or want to check their phones.
 They have donkeys walking around with Wi-Fi hotspots on them.
 - Oh, wow.
 - But the thing is they have 30 donkeys,
 and only five of the donkeys are actually carrying Wi-Fi hotspots.
 So there's only one in six chunks that you're donkey.
 - Do you spend ages trying to connect to that one?
 - So you run a donkey and then you say,
 "No, not this one, they've got another donkey."
 - How to imagine anyone getting bored
 at a theme park which recreates 2000 years old Israel?
 It's just really difficult.
 When you were talking about running around finding donkeys,
 this just reminded me of something that Alex told us
 just before we walked in about the...
 Is like a children's playground following you around?
 - Oh yeah, I just saw this video on BBC News.
 Some of you know, these random science products
 they get made for seemingly no reason.
 A guy has created a climbing frame
 that wonders around parks,
 looking for children to play on it.
 But it just sounds like the most ridiculous
 and also predatory thing.
 - Well, they've done it to say,
 "I've spliced the jeans of a climbing frame and a pedophile."
 (laughing)
 - It's absolutely horrendous.
 The idea is going to get children used
 to the idea of robotics in real life.
 - Does it move if you're climbing on it?
 Or does it stop?
 - I don't know, I mean, it sounds incredibly dangerous.
 - It doesn't matter, it's an academic question
 because no child will ever climb on this thing.
 - I don't think they have any choice.
 - I mean, I should say, it's very slow.
 It doesn't like gallop around or anything like that.
 - Can I talk about the sort of invention of a Wi-Fi for seconds?
 - I want to show around to ages, and I'm going to have a chance.
 Okay, you can't say this at home,
 but there are slides coming out.
 (all laughing)
 - Helen Lamar, which is very glamorous films
 done in America, '30s and '40s.
 She was one time dubbed the world most beautiful woman,
 but she was also this fantastic scientist as well.
 When the war broke out,
 she applied to the National Inventors Guild
 but was rejected many because she was a woman
 and people didn't take her seriously.
 And then she was encouraged to use her celebrity
 and beauty to sell warboms,
 which she did a little bit.
 But she got started inventing things herself.
 She got together with her neighbor,
 who was a composer called George Antile,
 and they built a machine called
 a frequency-hopping spread spectrum.
 Basically, the problem with torpedoes at that time
 was that they were remote controlled,
 so they were kept on causing a radio signal transmitted
 from the ship, but that signal could be easily blocked.
 And Lamar and Antile developed this improved system
 that allowed a radio signal to jump up and down frequencies
 randomly so that it couldn't be jammed.
 But what's really brilliant is how they did it.
 You guys know what player pianos are, right?
 They're pianos that play themselves.
 They have this big role of paper music,
 which has lots of holes in.
 And they correspond to which notes should play and when.
 The frequency-hopping spread spectrum
 used the mechanism from the player piano,
 but instead of playing 88 keys of the piano,
 it switched the torpedo signal
 between 88 radio frequencies.
 The principle of modern wireless technology is based on that.
 WiFi, GPS, Bluetooth, everything like that.
 Wow, really amazing.
 That's so cool.
 So Sri Lanka, the island of Sri Lanka,
 is about to provide WiFi to the entire island
 using a network of floating balloons,
 which are going to be 12 miles up in the sky
 they're all solar powered and the solar power
 that the balloons get is going to be used
 to transmit internet signals to the spot of land beneath it.
 How insane is that 25,000 square miles?
 That's amazing.
 The area of the country.
 You know one place that I'm still trying to find this out
 for certain and I can't properly find anywhere online yet
 that would tell me the right answer.
 But certainly up until 2012, you can't get WiFi in the White House.
 Wow.
 Yeah, the White House has no WiFi.
 And like, for example, the Oval Office doesn't have a computer in it.
 And if you want to use a computer in it,
 you have to bring in a laptop and plug in Clinton,
 famously apparently only sent two emails
 during his time as president.
 One was as a test.
 And then the second one was--
 Was the elite everything?
 Was the second one too spaced?
 Yes, yes.
 Yeah, it was to John Glenn.
 So I don't know if he was in the--
 Yeah, he was in the ISS on the second trip.
 John, you were hearing a lot of crazy stuff about me.
 Yeah, I do.
 I just don't think no, none of it's true.
 Mr. Clinton, we've gone through your entire five million emails
 and we think there's two of them we can save.
 Yes.
 Good news about the invisible ink you were asking about.
 OK, time for our final factor, the show.
 And that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that a third of people in Britain have written almost nothing
 by hand in the last six months.
 This makes so much sense when you think about it,
 but it sounds crazy when you first--
 It sounds terrifying.
 Yeah, so this was a survey, admittedly,
 by a printing and mailing company called DocMail.
 But what they said was that one in three people
 had not written anything by hand for six months.
 And on average, people hadn't written something for 41 days.
 And I think when they say written anything by hand,
 I mean, anything that's not a shopping list opposed to those--
 Oh, signature.
 They're signature.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But when you think about it, what is there
 that you need to write at length?
 Letters to people.
 Most people don't write many letters these days, if any.
 I presume at school, still, you would be writing all the time.
 Well, one thing about that is, apparently,
 if you write things down, it helps you remember them.
 Yep.
 You know, that makes kind of enthusiasm.
 I do definitely believe that, yeah.
 But actually, there's like a neurological reason for it.
 Like, there are certain neural circuits
 that are activated whenever you write things down.
 And so children who write tend to learn more quickly.
 And so if you have schools where children aren't really
 writing things down, then it can hamper their improvement.
 Right.
 Wow.
 The other downside that we're sort of going to have in the years
 to come is that all these great works of literature
 and everything else, we're not going
 to have the original handwritten notes of people
 doing drafts because so much of it now is on computers.
 So the American Museum of Natural History
 on their website, I'll tweet a link.
 It's if they've got all of Darwin's papers and all his works.
 And it's amazing, because you can see all of his handwriting,
 which is really bad.
 And he's got little doodles of drawings.
 His kids drew pictures on the back.
 There's an amazing one of a fish walking on the land
 holding an umbrella, which I really like.
 So they always see subscribed to his theory.
 The opposite of calligraphy is calligraphy, bad handwriting.
 Bad handwriting, that's great calligraphy.
 They reckon that in like a 100 years time,
 the, in fact, even neatly written hand writing
 will be completely illegible to people.
 Because it's like if you look at very, very old calligraphy,
 now you can't understand any of it.
 Yeah, definitely.
 And then in a 100 years time, it might be only
 that you can recognise time's new role men are.
 Looking at say Jane Austen's letters or something,
 quite actually quite difficult to decipher.
 Yeah, some other words.
 The guy who's credited with pretty much single-handedly
 reviving modern calligraphy and penmanship
 is Edward Johnston, who also is very, very big in fonts.
 Not like font size.
 Yeah, I mean, he creates a Johnston,
 and New Johnston is now the London Underground font.
 And he mentored the sculptor Eric Gil.
 He came up with Gil Sans, which is the BBC's official font.
 There's two massive institutions.
 Here's another incredibly creepy company.
 If we'll just off the back with the playground switch,
 follow it on.
 There's a company which has made a robot
 to write handwritten letters.
 So basically, you write a lot of handwriting samples
 and then a robot reads your handwriting samples
 and can perfectly replicate your handwriting.
 And they basically say that they want to retain the delight
 of giving and receiving notes without the hassle
 of heading to the stationary store writing out a letter,
 finding stamps and locating a mailbox,
 which is the whole point of writing a letter to someone
 is that it's a nice thing to do, because it is a bit of trouble.
 Have you guys heard of the Muslim?
 It's an Urdu language newspaper.
 It's probably the world's only remaining newspaper
 that's completely handwritten.
 Wow.
 It's daily newspaper.
 It's only about like four pages.
 It's four pages long and it takes three hours.
 Circulation remains a difficult matter for them.
 Circulation, 22,000 subscribers in 2008.
 But yeah, four pages long, but they leave a blank space
 on the front page in case of any breaking news.
 Right.
 So there's an editor in America called Horace Greeley
 and he wants sent a note to the Iowa Press Association.
 The start of it went, "I have waited till long awaiting
 "would be discertious, only to find that I cannot attend
 "your press meeting next June as I would like to do."
 But his handwriting was so bad that they thought it said,
 "I have wondered all along whether any squirt
 "had denied the scandal about the president meeting Jane
 "in the woods on Saturday."
 Wow.
 That's pretty bad handwriting, isn't it?
 The end of this letter went, "I feel obliged
 "to decline any invitation that takes me away
 "a day's journey from home."
 But they thought it said, "Any insinuation that brick ovens
 "are dangerous to ham's gives me the horrors."
 (laughing)
 Yeah, so that's why I think Parsons have very good handwriting.
 Yeah, this is like when I'm in Asia,
 I speak Mandarin from school, but obviously in Asia,
 every word has four different tones.
 And if you get the tones wrong,
 you might be saying what's the way to the shops down the road,
 but it comes out as the cow eats the grass
 and the way a meringue looks like a banana.
 (laughing)
 Something completely different.
 Does that mean that you have a completely different system
 of puns, though?
 Yeah, totally.
 Chinese puns are extraordinary.
 There was a story that they'd been banned, wasn't there?
 The Chinese government would crack down on puns?
 Yeah.
 Can you do that?
 I don't know.
 No cows had been banned from eating meringue.
 Also.
 (laughing)
 Fountain pens, they're quite interesting.
 You're not supposed to share fountain pens with people.
 It was like just a needle, because you...
 Because...
 You'll have wrong.
 You have a needle.
 (laughing)
 Is it because of the bodily fluids
 you've been writing it exactly?
 (laughing)
 It's because every person writes in unique ways,
 you'd imagine a bit like fingerprint,
 specific angle that you write out
 and the amount of force you use,
 mainly the nib gets sort of shaved down in a very specific way.
 And so if you're properly using a fountain pen
 and you want to be writing into the nicest way possible,
 don't lend your pen to someone else
 because then they'll shave it down in their way
 and you'll just end up with a horrible nib.
 Actually, that's true.
 I have learnt fountain pens to people in the past.
 Of course, I'm writing.
 And I've thought, "Oh my God."
 He's absolutely murdering it.
 I really, I really have thought that.
 I can imagine you have had the...
 Yeah, yeah.
 And I haven't said anything at the time, obviously.
 (laughing)
 Should we wrap up?
 Just a cool thing.
 Yeah.
 So in medieval times, you would use a scriptor,
 you would write in a scriptorium
 as in monks were copying out books.
 Yes.
 And some texts, we only know their history
 because of mistakes that got in somewhere along the train
 of being repeated, you know, you make a text.
 Ah, yeah.
 And that is similar to the way the enigma codes were broken
 because when people made mistakes in texts,
 that allowed the guys at blechly some way in.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, when there was some difference.
 Isn't that amazing?
 Yeah.
 The difference between medieval and, you know,
 am I, whatever it was in the war?
 Just on mistakes, actually.
 It's the Sepha Torah, a special type of copy of the Torah,
 which is handwritten with a quill.
 You're not allowed to make mistakes in any of them.
 If you make a mistake on most words,
 then if you're able to scratch it out
 and carry on that to OK.
 But if you misspell God's name,
 or make a mistake in writing God's name,
 you have to cut out the entire page and bury it,
 and then sew in a new page and start again.
 It's pretty hard to misspell God.
 It's not in English, obviously.
 And then dog set off, of course.
 Yeah.
 (upbeat music)
 OK, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we could be found on Twitter.
 I'm on @SriReland, James.
 @XX8, Andy.
 @UndruHunterM, and Alex.
 @AlexBelt_.
 Yep, also you can go to @Qipodcast on Twitter.
 That's our group account.
 You can message us there.
 Or you're going to know such thing as a fish.com,
 where we have all of our previous episodes.
 We've also got a listing of our live shows.
 We're doing this UK tour.
 Check them out, see if any of them are near you.
 And please come.
 OK, we'll be back again next week.
 With another episode, see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
