 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 [Bell]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covern garden. My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Annotch Zinski, and Andy Murray.
 Once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite thanks from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go. Starting with you, James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that bananas emit antimatter.
 That's not, so I've had to get my head round antimatter, which...
 I just was such bananas.
 I should have gone down that bridge.
 What am I doing?
 So, antimatter is just like the opposite of matter, so if you have an electron with a negative charge, then the antimatter version of that is a positive charge.
 I see what's weird is I just, for me, I still don't understand what that means.
 It means that when you say you have to get your head round it, if you'd actually have to put your head round antimatter, your head would no longer exist.
 Wait, antimatter.
 That was just some kind of Freudian slip.
 The presence of Andy in a room eliminates everything else.
 So, wait, because what I read was the beginning of the universe, big explosion, and what should have happened is the universe created enough matter, which is why we're here.
 But it also should have created an equal amount of antimatter, which in theory should have wiped out the matter, and we shouldn't be here at all.
 Because if you get to a matter particle and an antimatter particle and they come together, they just explode into energy.
 Put my hand up, I've still don't fully understand it.
 Well, that's why you research bananas, I guess. So, quick question about the bananas. If banana emits antimatter, but it is matter, why doesn't it cancel itself out?
 It doesn't matter. It's a very good answer.
 Yeah, it's a very good, it's a very satisfying answer, though.
 So, what happens is bananas contain potassium, and some of the potassium decays, because it's slightly radioactive.
 I think you might have already known that bananas are radioactive.
 And what it does is it, when it decays, it emits a positron and turns into argon from potassium.
 And a positron is an antimatter particle.
 It is, and then the positron will then meet an electron, and then we'll just turn into a little bit of energy.
 So, there's a tiny reaction happening in a banana.
 It will be on the outside of banana, yeah.
 It's about every 75 minutes, I believe.
 I read that with humans that we're trying to create antimatter, we've got a tiny amount.
 But if we created a lot, it would be equivalent of an atomic bomb explosion.
 Yeah, I mean, it's a bit much bigger.
 So, if we created a giant banana, not only would it explode, but it would have the radioactive fallout as well.
 Well, there is someone on the wire who has worked this out.
 And they said to turn bananas into a power station by utilizing this fact that they create positrons.
 To get 200 watts, you would need a banana generator with 2.2 times 10 to the 20 bananas.
 That's right.
 And it would be a sphere full of bananas, 200 kilometers in radius.
 And that would create 200 watts.
 So, we don't think big supermarket should be on the lookout for someone ordering a suspicious number of bananas.
 There isn't a button for times 10 to the automatic check out, sister.
 Do you guys know when bananas reach the UK?
 Because they think it dates to the mid-15th century.
 Really?
 They found a banana peel in a Tudor rubbish tip.
 And the first, you know, the first...
 Well, they're doing like a Charlie Chaplin style comedy sketch.
 Who knows?
 We have no idea how it got there.
 And it's really freaked everyone out.
 Because previously, archaeologists and historians thought that they got to England in the 19th century.
 But there's a theory. This is just a theory that they were really common in to drink them.
 But obviously, by the time they got here, they'd all be completely black and unrecognizable as bananas.
 And therefore, that's why we have no depictions of bananas.
 You just picture him with the eighth eating a banana. It's so weird.
 That's kind of dirty, actually.
 Image.
 Doesn't it?
 So, I don't like it.
 I read in the QI archives.
 A Victorian guy called Lord Egremont.
 Do you know this fact?
 No.
 Okay, so Lord Egremont, he spent £3,000 building a greenhouse where he kept a single banana tree.
 Because he wanted to grow his own bananas.
 And so, he managed to grow them.
 And the day came, where he was having his first taste of it,
 at which he exclaimed, "Oh, God, it tastes just like every other damn banana."
 I'd had the tree immediately destroyed.
 Have you heard the story of Auburn War and the bananas?
 This is so good.
 So, the banana impulse were banned between 1940 and 1945.
 And soon after that, the first delivery arrived since the ban,
 which was 10 million bananas.
 And the new Labour government said, "Let's have a national banana day,
 where every child should have a banana."
 Right.
 Auburn War was a writer. He was the son of Evelyn War.
 And as a child, he and his two sisters, they got three bananas.
 And they had heard all about bananas. They were so excited.
 And he wrote, later on in his memoirs,
 "They were put on my father's plate,
 and before the anguished eyes of his children, he poured on cream,
 which was almost unprocurable, and sugar, which was heavily rationed,
 and ate all three."
 From that moment, I never treated anything he had to say on faith
 or morals very seriously.
 It's incredible.
 Have you heard of banana peelers?
 Oh, I don't think so.
 These are such interesting people.
 They were fraudsters in the late 19th century,
 and they made their living from, it was on railways they were.
 They would take an old banana peel out of their pocket,
 put it on the ground, slip over on it, and sue the railway for compensation.
 One woman called Banana Anna.
 She did that 17 times over the course of her career.
 She got huge compensation for it.
 It's weird she called herself Banana Anna when she could just be called Banana.
 You would have thought, wouldn't you?
 You thought this already, aren't you?
 There was this, relatedly, to banana slipping.
 In 1941 in Texas, first one in the newspaper article where I read this,
 there was a ship that was described as the first ocean-going cargo ship
 built since the World War.
 This is in 1941, so Parold America had quite predicted what was happening around them,
 and then the other World War.
 Anyway, the newspaper reported that the first ocean-going cargo ship
 built since the World War was launched on a bed of half a ton of bananas,
 because it was cheaper than Greece, apparently.
 So the bed, it slid into the water on half a ton of bananas.
 In 1923, the song "Yes, We Have No Bananas" was released.
 It was a massive hit, it sold 25,000 copies a day.
 But this was in sheet music, because they didn't have the recordings back then.
 And it was so popular, it spurred a new craze, dancing the Charleston
 on Banana Peel-Covid Flos.
 That sounds great, doesn't it?
 Do you know who wrote that?
 It was Leon Trotsky's nephew.
 He followed a very different career path to his uncle.
 Well, here's a slightly weird link.
 The bananas in pajamas, the TV show.
 Yeah, Australian big TV show.
 It was big here, right?
 Karl Marx's grandson, I believe, played the banana.
 Yeah.
 So it started off as a song.
 It was called "Bananas in Pajamas," and that's what the whole series was based on.
 The song was written by Carrie Blighten, who was the nephew of ENID Blighten.
 Hey.
 Oh.
 So two nephews involved in songs.
 There we go.
 That's our bananas.
 About bananas.
 So when I started researching this fact on bananas, I thought I hit a jackpot moment
 because I discovered on Twitter that was an account called "at true banana facts."
 Oh, yeah.
 Unfortunately, really disappointing.
 Let me give you a few examples of the facts.
 Bananas are actually very bad and not good.
 Just kidding.
 Bananas are yellow and healthy.
 420 retweets.
 They have me for a second there, actually.
 Yeah.
 Don't like what someone is saying.
 Pop a nice banana in their mouth and shut them up.
 1,628 retweets.
 All right.
 What's your problem then?
 These are true.
 They are facts, and they are about bananas.
 Bananas are not good at soccer, because they don't really have legs.
 Really.
 They don't really have legs.
 They've sort of got legs.
 You mentioned that bananas are yellow, but...
 Yeah.
 And I think they're healthy and good for you, are they?
 Not entirely true.
 They are not yellow if you see in the UV spectrum.
 I don't think they'll hold up anymore.
 So, yeah, they've recently discovered this.
 Only recently discovered that if you shine a black light on a yellow banana,
 it glows blue, which other plants don't do, and they don't know why.
 But they think it might be to help things like fruit bats,
 which prey on bananas, they do see in the UV spectrum.
 And so that makes the bananas show up more than that.
 Do you say they prey on bananas?
 With those little legs, they'll be able to walk faster than anything.
 Actually, they don't really have legs.
 I read a thing psychologically that if you've shown a black and white photo of a banana,
 you see yellow.
 Your brain just projects yellow onto it.
 With tingees of yellow, you're brain just naturally finds little tingees of it.
 That is really interesting.
 So, bananas are slightly radioactive.
 I read that eating 600 bananas is the equivalent of having a single chest x-ray.
 I just like that you're presented with that option in hospital.
 How many bananas was it?
 600.
 Well, we can x-ray the foot, of course.
 Or, you could just eat these bananas.
 I'm going to give you 600 bananas.
 The nurse now is going to stand behind the screen.
 That would kill you.
 There's too much potassium.
 What's too much of eating?
 Generally.
 Depends on the time span.
 I mean, you've read over a lifetime.
 But that's a long wait for your chest x-ray.
 There was a guy in a hospital.
 He'd stolen the necklace and he ate the necklace.
 And they wanted to get it back off him.
 And so, to get it back, they needed him to pass the stool.
 And in order to do that, they fed him bananas.
 But then it came in the news, and some doctors said this is stupid,
 because bananas do not really work as laxatives.
 And the only thing bananas will do is add bulk to his stool.
 Maybe that was a way of protecting the necklace, though, or the bones.
 I'm like, bubble wrapping the goods.
 I read that they fed him 60 bananas.
 Yeah. And the article just finished by saying,
 "Meanwhile, the owner of the necklace has said she will not wear it again."
 Okay. Time for fact number two.
 And that is Shazinski.
 My fact this week is that Slovenia's largest lake, Glakesurk Nica,
 disappears every year.
 Where does it go?
 So it's a lake called Lake Kirknicca.
 And when it exists, it has a service area of 30 kilometres squared.
 So it's not volume at service area.
 It makes it the biggest lake in Slovenia.
 So there are two terms here, Polje, which is a field above a cast.
 And a cast is basically a landscape that's got loads of kind of soft rock in it.
 And it means that water's eroded the soft rock in various places
 and created holes in it like a Swiss cheese.
 And it basically means that the lake gets filled up in rainy season.
 And then it gets sucked through these swallow holes,
 or these sink holes, when it gets dry and the water stops coming through.
 And it vanishes.
 So it'll be a lake one day and there's both on it.
 But most of you are camping in this nice big field.
 Yeah.
 And then you just wake up suddenly you're in the middle of a lake.
 Yup. Be like Glastonbury.
 How long does it disappear for?
 So it generally disappears between I think June and September.
 It's amazing that this is the biggest lake in Slovenia.
 Yeah.
 It is a natural wonder.
 It disappears every year, but we still haven't heard of it.
 I find it as truly bizarre.
 So you just went.
 You just got back from Slovenia.
 I just got back from Slovenia.
 Did you go and visit this lake?
 I didn't.
 How bad is that?
 Well, maybe you didn't.
 It wasn't there.
 Anyway.
 Do you guys, did you happen to hear about while you were there,
 the religion, the fifth biggest religion of Slovenia?
 Oh, yes.
 I love this.
 I can't even hear this.
 Okay, so the fifth biggest religion in Slovenia is called the trans-universal zombie church of blissful ringing.
 And it's, yeah, it's become the fifth biggest religion in less than a year.
 And what do they do?
 They bring bells.
 Yeah, they bring bells.
 They eat brains.
 They have a holy book which says so it's rules written down.
 It's holy book include the fact that it zombies resurrect daily.
 It's holy drinks of beer and peanut colladas.
 And holy peanut colladas.
 Holy peanut colladas.
 And it worships cows and it recommends eating the super succulent Japanese Kobe beef.
 And also I like this.
 They're sermons instead of ending with an arm end and with bong.
 I think it's cool.
 Wow.
 But it's actually, I mean, it's actually really good.
 So it's an anti-corruption party.
 And it was set up as a serious opposition to rampant corruption in Slovenia.
 Wow.
 And it was cooled by the Prime Minister of Slovenia, I think.
 It was referred to as a bunch of zombies.
 And so they embraced the zombie tag.
 So it's very cool.
 Yeah.
 Good guys.
 You were talking about holy peanut collada.
 Here's another Slovenian drink, a salamander brandy.
 You tried that when you were in Slovenia?
 Well, I'm glad you didn't try it because it's not a very nice way of making it.
 They take a salamander, hang it by its back legs and pour brandy over its body.
 And so it drips into a cup and then you drink it.
 And the idea is you infuse the alcohol with the poison that the salamander makes on its back.
 And the slight bit of poison and the brandy, apparently, gives you more of a kick and not more.
 Wow.
 I was looking up oldest things in Slovenia.
 Slovenia has the oldest wheel ever found.
 Oh, really?
 Oldest wheel.
 And it was found in, and I can't pronounce it.
 But Lijabjana, Ljubljana.
 Yep.
 And dance was right, actually.
 Lijabjana, marshes.
 Oh, also they have, you about to say this.
 They have the oldest vine.
 It's a great vine.
 It still bears grapes.
 It's over 400 years old.
 The Guinness World Records book went over there, put it in their book.
 So the camera said we'll put it in their book.
 And you know what it's called?
 No.
 It's called Old Vine.
 So they also like the linden tree, which is that tree that kind of smells of semen.
 Wait, sorry.
 Can we just spoken about this?
 No, but...
 What knows about the linden tree?
 It smells like semen.
 There's a famous Michelin web sketch.
 Anyway, the linden tree smells of semen.
 Right.
 They're proud of their linden trees.
 And there's a 780 year old linden tree in Slovenia, which is the oldest one.
 And every year in the summer, the government has a political meeting underneath it.
 Does it smell like very, very old semen?
 Yes.
 A long abandoned condom.
 Oh, the government gathers around.
 Does anyone got anything else?
 Something Slovenia also has.
 Yeah.
 The Hitler Beetle.
 Oh, yeah.
 If you haven't...
 Oh, yes, yeah.
 And I think...
 I don't think in my head I thought you meant the beetles as in the band.
 And I was like, "Who is the Hitler Beetle?"
 I had a John Paul Jordan go over and go.
 The Hitler Beetle.
 The Hitler Beetle.
 The Hitler Beetle.
 The Hitler Beetle.
 It's a cave beetle.
 It's blind.
 And it lives in five caves in Slovenia.
 It's very, very rare.
 And it was named in 1933 by someone who really liked Hitler.
 He was a guy called Oscar Scheibel.
 And Hitler wrote him a thank you letter.
 And they're now critically endangered because Hitler fans are still in the market for them.
 And they sell £4,000 each.
 Well, that's why I went to Slovenia this year.
 Also, just one more thing, just on taxonomy.
 I know this is a complete tangent, but there wasn't a fly in 1994, a fossil fly, which was named "I", just the letter "I".
 I was named that.
 Until a researcher said he didn't want to have to keep writing, "I have small male genitalia".
 He got changed.
 He got changed to "I.I.I".
 OK, time for fact number three. And that is Andy.
 My fact is that half the world's tigers have died in the last month, and nobody knows why.
 What is a "siger"?
 They look like antelopes that are in Star Wars.
 They look like a Dr. Soos character.
 Yes, they do.
 Yeah.
 Their faces are nice.
 They're notably strange probosis on the front of their face.
 And they live in Mongolia and Kazakhstan, I believe, and it's China.
 And for some reason, we don't know why, but in the last month, half of all "siger" have died.
 Wow.
 I think the dying has stopped now.
 You mentioned Mongolia and China. I actually think they're extinct there now.
 Oh really?
 And I think they were driven to extinction by the fact that they were being used for medicine.
 So you could buy bits of them for quite a lot of money and...
 Is their horns, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 They put their ground up horns.
 That's one of the reasons they're so endangered.
 In the early 90s, I think there were millions of them.
 And yeah, they were hunted partly because conservationists were trying to conserve rhinos.
 Because rhinoharm was being used as a traditional medicine.
 And so sort of encouraged people to revert to "siger horns" instead of traditional medicine.
 And it's thought to be like an aphrodisiac.
 And so, for instance, in Singapore, you can buy cooling water, which is...
 It looks like a normal bottle of water, which says that this can reduce a fever or just really cool you off.
 And if you look at the ingredients, it's got "siger horn" as one of the ingredients.
 It's terrible.
 Wow, isn't it?
 They are really delightful creatures.
 There's a website "ultimateunculate.com", which has good stuff about them.
 And it also says, "Only one word can describe the face of the ciger, bulging."
 If you look at them straight on, it looks like their eyes are sticking out on little stalks.
 They have really, really odd faces.
 And they're tiny, aren't they? They're about two foot tall, I think.
 Yeah, they're not very big.
 They're really small there.
 But those noses that they have, they're pretty extraordinary.
 They can heat air in them.
 In the winter, they do that.
 Yeah, so if it's too cold, they'll take air in, and they'll just do a quick sort of microwave on it.
 And they'll take it into their lungs and...
 Did they sound like I'm sucking like a little Jinsters burger at the same time?
 Quickly!
 I was looking up other animals with mental noses, basically, for this.
 I really like the hammerhead bat, which looks just like a moose.
 It's just like a huge nose, and its larynx takes up half of its body.
 And the way they attract female mates is by a big honking ceremony.
 So all the bats line up on hang-off various trees.
 And they all perform this honking ceremony through their gigantic larynxes.
 And then the female bats all fly past and listen.
 And if they like the sound of someone's honking, then they pop onto the branch next to him.
 Oh, so cool.
 One more thing that cigers do with their trunks.
 They use them to lure females, male cigers do.
 They make sounds through their prebosses.
 If they make lower sounds, they can make themselves seem larger than they are.
 And that's more attractive.
 And this is important for cigers, because most matings occur mainly at nights,
 when the real sizes of callers are not visible.
 So all the female cigers are thinking that there's these really beefy kind of male cigers around.
 And then during the day time, they're like, "Where have they all gone?"
 It's just this little weedy guy around.
 Is it like that thing where you wake up in the morning after one night's stand and go,
 "Oh."
 You said you were not what I was expecting.
 You said you were huge.
 Probably the most interesting taxonomy thing about antelopes generally.
 They are even toad ungulates.
 So that group is called Artio Dactila.
 It's recently been discovered that these share a common ancestor with catations, i.e. whales.
 And they're all part of the same group as catations.
 And this is partly why we believe now that whales evolve from being on land to going back in the water,
 because there's this tiny two kilogram mouse deer, which really likes being in the water.
 And so we just...
 She wants to be a whale.
 Yeah, she wants to be a whale.
 And that's kind of the link between whales now and millions of years ago,
 when these little deer kind of evolved to creep back into the water and turn the whales.
 So you have a little deer?
 Yeah, a little deer.
 How big is this?
 Who wants to be a whale?
 At night time, probably telling the ladies he is a whale.
 And it's because we found ankle bones in certain catations, haven't we?
 Yeah, and also they sometimes grow hips.
 Well, they have hip bones and sometimes grow little legs on the side of whales.
 They don't really have legs.
 Not like bananas.
 I was reading this book.
 It was like a book of biology from 1800.
 And apparently to say a woman had eyes like an antelope was the highest praise you could possibly give her.
 Because they have the most beautiful eyes.
 You have eyes like an antelope and nose like a ciger.
 Legs like a whale.
 Also on attractive women been compared to antelopes.
 Yeah.
 The word for an Arabic love poem is a gazelle.
 And that is thought to come be connected to the word gazelle.
 Because often women were compared to gazelles in Arabic love poetry.
 So for instance, there's one poem I think from the year about 650 AD where the caliph abd al-Malek frees a gazelle he's captured.
 Because he suddenly realizes it looks like the woman he's in love with.
 So he captures this gazelle and is like, oh my god.
 On extinctions, just one more thing.
 The voluntary human extinction movement.
 Do you know about these guys?
 No.
 So there is the V-H-E-M-T.
 They call themselves vehement.
 And their idea is that humans should die out because it would save all the other animals on the planet.
 He doesn't think the people who are in charge don't think that everyone should just be killed.
 They think we should just not have children.
 That's the idea.
 And they think that the need for children is cultural conditioning.
 And actually people don't really want to have children.
 And they could take such desires and channel them into perhaps gardening or adopting a stream.
 Adopting a stream.
 Adopting a stream.
 That's one of the suggestions.
 You'll be really sad if you adopt a lake in Slovenia with you.
 Okay, time for a final fact for the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Barbara Streisand had a shopping mall built for her sole use and it's under her house.
 It's got a cobblestone paved street.
 And then it's a collection of just old last century style shops.
 Sounds like Diagon Alley.
 It kind of looks like it when you see it.
 I mean, it's got a sweet shop.
 It has an antique doll shop.
 Are they all stuffed?
 No.
 There's no cash registers.
 What she does is she buys it rather than putting stuff in her actual house.
 She's just set up shops underneath her house to put the things that she's bought into.
 So they're like cupboards really?
 Yeah.
 But they're...
 What are you saying is she's got a massive cupboard.
 I know it's covered.
 But she now, like she's taken it so seriously that when she's on the sets of movies,
 like famously on Meet the Fockers, the movie that she was in,
 when they were dismantling the sets, she started collecting the doors and bringing them back to her.
 When you say collecting, do you mean stealing?
 I think she asked.
 I don't think Barbara Streisand could steal.
 I think she just takes it and you go, "Well, I must have given that said."
 That kind of thought that gets people in trouble.
 So Blasto was just collecting a lot of money.
 Yes, so she has an antique shop.
 She has things like benches out the front from men to sit on.
 I think she sounds tiresome.
 I'm sorry, Dan.
 Yeah, I'm not defending her.
 I'm just saying this is what she's got.
 Also, she doesn't know what a shop is.
 That's not a mall.
 You have to have some kind of exchange of money for goods in a mall.
 Does she walk around it?
 Yeah, she walks around it.
 If she's going to a party and she needs to bring a present, she'll go down into her mall
 and she'll pick up a knife to get to the center.
 Does she do all the voices?
 Does she run around behind the counter?
 I'm saying, "Oh, that'll be 86 dollars, Ms. Trison."
 Well, that's very expensive, but I'm sure.
 Well, it looks like it's worth the money.
 Thank you.
 Would you like it wrapped?
 Oh, yes, please, I'd love it wrapped.
 That's an excellent bar of stress and depression.
 Thank you very much.
 So, my favourite thing about bar of stress and is that her real name is Barbara Strison.
 Originally, but she got rid of an A in the name Barbara.
 So, it's now B-A-R-B-R-A.
 I think she said she did that because she wanted to be a bit special.
 But, like, changing her name fully was too showy.
 And that seems to be a part of herself.
 She's left behind.
 Do you think she goes to her Starbucks in her mall?
 Excuse me.
 What is the name, please?
 Well, it's Barbara.
 Okay, is that B-A-R-R-B-A?
 No, not actually.
 In 2006, she donated 11,750,000 dollars to the Barbara Strison Foundation.
 Which, I'm sure that that money goes somewhere, but I like that idea.
 Because it was the construction of vast underground palaces.
 So, the main thing that I know Barbara Strison for is the Barbara Strison effect.
 Yes, please.
 Okay, so this is on the internet, you try and stop people from doing it.
 And it just makes them want to do it even more.
 And it started off when some guy took a photo of her house and she wasn't very happy.
 And she tried to sue him to stop people from being able to see it on the internet.
 And 420,000 people went to the website to look at this house because of the lawsuit.
 And before they'd done the lawsuit, it'd only been downloaded six times.
 Wow.
 So just by starting off the lawsuit, it meant that everyone then saw what she was trying to find.
 Did you also recently do a lawsuit about no one's allowed to release a podcast
 referring to my ridiculously extravagant basement?
 I'm doing a series of amusing, but also startlingly accurate impressions of me.
 Actually, relatedly, I read this most fascinating article in the New Yorker recently.
 And it's extravagant houses.
 The second biggest mansion in London after Buckingham Palace is in Highgate.
 Nobody knows who owns it.
 People have been trying to find out for years.
 And it's this, so it's called Wittenhurst.
 It also has a ridiculous basement.
 So it has a 70 foot long swimming pool in the basement.
 A cinema with the Metsanine, massage rooms, a sauna, gym, staff quarters.
 It's just a normal house.
 It's just a standard basement, more than 40,000 square feet.
 And the family's lawyer, the family of the, the owner's it's lawyer,
 said that he would take the secret of Wittenhurst ownership to the grave.
 The journalist in New Yorker who went to talk to the estate agent about it,
 the estate agent made the journalist leave her phone in her bag in a different room,
 while he just discussed the house with her.
 I mean, it's the only thing bigger than it in London is Buckingham Palace.
 That's insane.
 That's incredible.
 The idea of digging downwards now to make house extensions is massive.
 And stuff that they're building is insane.
 People are putting in two floor rock climbing walls and Ferrari museums.
 And that's what the guy who he hasn't been able to build it just yet.
 But the Foxton's owner is trying to get an extension below his garden
 where he wants to keep his Ferrari's as a Ferrari museum.
 As a museum, though.
 Well, the museum be open to the public.
 Will it be one of these barris and shopping mall things?
 Oh, what a lovely Ferrari.
 You enormously wealthy man.
 Have you guys read about this guy who posted on Reddit earlier on this year?
 I think he moved into a studio apartment somewhere somewhere in England.
 And he found a trap door in the sort of trap door in the floor that hadn't been
 the estate agent's hadn't mentioned it, opened it, turns out it's an old English
 monastery conversion underground.
 So he bought a studio apartment.
 He now has 30 rooms.
 Fantastic.
 Quite exciting, isn't it?
 That's great.
 I've got to dig up all the flaws in my house just in case there's longer.
 I would do the same thing, but I live on the first floor.
 There's a mirror kingdom underneath mine.
 The White House has an amazing bunker.
 And they'll currently build it.
 In fact, they're going to be moving Barack Obama and the Oval Office this year
 away to another location in the White House.
 Really?
 Because they now need to add all the extensions.
 Because he has a trap door underneath the desk.
 There's a trap door for the president underneath the desk.
 This is what it says, the existing trap door under the president's desk
 leaning down to the secret service command post will be modified.
 So this is what's currently going on to allow presidential passage directly
 to the new underground command bunker.
 Now what's interesting is now this is from this is from the White House's website.
 In 2010, they started building a new underground command sensor.
 And it was this building that was sitting there that in the Bush administration
 the building officially didn't exist.
 Despite being there, they just said, what, what, we don't know what you're talking about.
 It didn't at all as they have a problem with the administration
 with whether or not things existed.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said
 over the course of this podcast, we are all on Twitter.
 You can get me on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 @AndruHunterEb.
 James.
 Anna.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can go to @kypodcast.
 We'll answer on that too.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
