 (bells ringing)
 - Do you know what it, or who don't want to wake us up?
 (bells ringing)
 - Do you know what it is?
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast.
 This week, coming to you live from Antwerp.
 (audience cheering)
 - My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here
 with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that Pope Leo the 10th
 had a pet elephant who was killed
 when doctors gave it a gold enema.
 (audience laughing)
 So there's quite a lot to unpack.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - It's the fact that really has everything.
 (audience laughing)
 It has popes, it has elephants,
 it has gold and it has bottoms.
 (laughing)
 So anyway, so this was in 1514,
 there was King Manuel I of Portugal.
 He gave Leo the 10th this white elephant called Hano.
 And the Pope liked absolutely loved this elephant.
 He thought it was the greatest thing in the world.
 It almost made him understand
 why people worshipped false idols.
 As long as they were white elephants called Hano.
 But unfortunately, Hano didn't really like it living
 in Rome and he stopped eating and it turned out
 he had very severe constipation.
 And so Leo called in all the best doctor's in the land
 and they decided to use the normal thing
 that you would do for a normal human
 who had constipation, fire some gold up the bum.
 And unfortunately, that doesn't work well with elephants.
 - Gold.
 - Is it in like in bar form?
 - Or powder?
 - Was it coins?
 Was it the way they slotting it in?
 Like a...
 (laughing)
 - And then you pull the trunk and hopefully you win.
 (laughing)
 No, it was, so they would dilute it with water
 and presumably some other thing.
 - It's quite amazing to have an elephant in Rome
 at that time because they didn't really have it.
 That was such a great thing.
 I think the Pope was told about elephants
 and he thought I'd love to get one and it was arranged.
 And those stories about when Hano actually arrived in Rome,
 they had a sort of procession for when he was introduced
 to the Pope and it says that he was walking through the streets
 and he had sort of clothing on him
 that made him look very royal.
 He had a little silver tower on his back.
 And when, apparently when he got to the Pope,
 he bent down on one of his knees and bowed his head low
 as if to say, "Hello, sir."
 You know, to the Pope and in my head, I've seen that scene
 it's in Aladdin.
 When they're going down the street for...
 - You're right. - Why, they never show
 the tragic sequel to that scene in Aladdin, don't they?
 (laughing)
 - You haven't seen the uncut version.
 - Great.
 - After he did that, Hano lifted his head,
 trumpeted three times and then sucked some nearby water
 into his trunk and blew it over the adoring crowd.
 - I mean, he didn't do any of this stuff.
 That's face it.
 There was a bald person making up the reports at the time.
 But people were madly excited, weren't they?
 Even the general population.
 Another report said that people left the town,
 and they left a wreckage in their wake,
 just trying to get a glimpse of this elephant.
 There was trampling of fields and crops.
 There was crashing through roofs
 and there was tearing down walls to see the elephant.
 - Well, tearing down walls.
 - Yeah, I don't even know how you do that.
 - Yeah.
 - You can do it with an elephant if you like one.
 - It is.
 - I'm not sure, Hano could do it.
 Hano was quite a small elephant.
 He was at about four feet tall.
 - What did he say? - He was quite a sweet.
 - No way.
 - Yeah, that's true.
 - And then, so anyway, he was a massive hit,
 and then obviously it was extremely sad that Hano died.
 So King Manuel had to think of a sequel present
 for the Pope.
 So two years later, he sent a rhino.
 He thought, you think you've seen something.
 You ain't seen nothing yet.
 He sent a rhino tragically drowned on route.
 - Oh. - I know.
 But then, no, don't worry.
 It's got a kind of happy ending because it washed ashore
 and then the king had its stuffed and mounted
 and sent to Rome as a sort of,
 is that a happy ending?
 - Yeah.
 - Well, I don't want you as my doctor
 when you tell me one of my family members had passed.
 - Good news, though.
 I also run a taxi doing me shot down the road.
 (laughing)
 - That's great.
 So he presumably sent a letter ahead saying,
 "I've got you a lovely live rhino."
 And then a follow-up saying, correction,
 "I've got you a dead stuffed rhino."
 (laughing)
 Cool.
 But he got slightly in trouble for this,
 the Pope from some corners, didn't he?
 'Cause this 16th century was around the time
 of the Protestantism and the Reformation
 and the elephant was really the pinnacle
 of the Pope's profligate kind of extravagant lifestyle.
 And people thought the church was wasting
 their money left right and center.
 And the following year, I think,
 after Hano died, was the year that Martin Luther came
 and nailed his points to a door.
 - But he didn't mention the elephant though, did he?
 - He didn't explicitly mention,
 but I think the elephant ran as a theme
 through a lot of those Protestant demands.
 And the reason that that happened,
 well, the main problem that Luther had
 is that they were selling indulgences, right?
 So basically, if you'd committed a crime,
 you could pay for them to let you off.
 And the reason that they started doing that
 is because Leo the 10th was extremely profligate
 and was just spending all of his money.
 So within two years of becoming Pope,
 he'd spent all of the treasure
 amassed by the previous Pope,
 who was the extremely frugal Julius II.
 And he just spent it all.
 He just was like, I'm the Pope now.
 I'm going to do what the fuck I want.
 - That's an actual quote.
 Although, like before he became Pope,
 he was known as Giovanni the Wise.
 - Was he?
 - Yeah, and he had a brother called Giuliano the Good,
 who became his helper.
 And then there was one other brother
 called Pierro the Fatuous.
 And he became the ruler of Florence.
 - That's a bit of a burn on Florence, isn't it?
 - He'll send you the fatuous one.
 And one of the things that Leo might have spent the money on,
 I don't know if it was exactly him
 who spent the money on this, was the Vatican's
 secret erotic bathroom.
 - What?
 Have you heard of this?
 - Keep talking.
 The Vatican used to have a secret erotic bathroom.
 - How is it, I mean, all bathrooms can be erotic,
 I suppose, if you want them to be,
 but how is this one specifically?
 - How is it secret as well?
 Was it like you would say to the Pope,
 "Can you tell me where the bathroom is?"
 And he went, "God, the stairs turn left."
 - No, right!
 - Well, it's covered in erotic frescoes.
 They're extremely explicit drawings all over the place.
 And this was commissioned by an official,
 and it was painted by Raphael.
 So this was actually almost exactly,
 this was at the same time,
 because he was contemporary of Leo the 10th.
 And it was rediscovered recently,
 of journalists kept writing to the Vatican saying,
 "I know it's there somewhere, and you know it is too,
 and you're gonna let me come and see it."
 And eventually the Vatican cave, they said,
 "Yeah, all right, will that you see it?"
 - So it's still there?
 - It's still there.
 - Wow!
 - The frescoes are there,
 but it is not open to the public.
 - No.
 - That is so weird to think of the Pope
 just going in there for some quiet time, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 Which I'm sure he doesn't.
 - Yeah, that's amazing though,
 that there's now artwork by Raphael,
 that we're not gonna get to see,
 because they're a bit weird.
 So Raphael, actually, with Hano, the elephant,
 we're missing a bit of art, which is,
 when Hano died, the Pope was so sad,
 that he wrote a big piece to commemorate him,
 commissioned Raphael to do some paintings of Hano,
 and we lost that in fires and things that have happened
 over the years, but...
 - That's amazing.
 Unseen Raphael?
 - It sounds like it's doodles rather than art,
 from what I've heard so far.
 - Sounds like it's...
 - There's a lot of doodles.
 (laughing)
 Just cock some balls all over the wall.
 (laughing)
 - Just on popes and animals,
 there's a lot of stories that you can find
 about a Pope meeting an animal.
 My favorite one is Pope Fabian.
 Pope Fabian I've never read about before,
 but he became Pope, and he wasn't a contender,
 but while they were all trying to decide who the next Pope was,
 and they had 13 people that were front runners,
 or several of them, a dove landed on his head,
 at a really odd moment,
 and they went, well, clearly, that's the Holy Spirit,
 telling us that he's...
 (laughing)
 And that's how he became the Pope,
 a bird landed on his head.
 Do you think we could do that
 for the next leader of the United Kingdom?
 - Like, yes.
 - I believe it.
 I mean, how often does a dove land on your head?
 - It depends if you've got bird seeds hidden in your hat.
 (laughing)
 - It's good to move. - Of course.
 - Pope's have very mixed relationships
 with the issue of animals and religions,
 so a few years ago, Pope Francis allegedly,
 he was quoted everywhere as saying
 that all pets will go to heaven.
 - All of them.
 - He did not say this.
 He did not say it, but it was reported everywhere.
 The Vatican had to clarify it.
 No, your pet will not go to heaven.
 - Whoa.
 - It's quite a tricky thing to say.
 It's two people, isn't it?
 - Yes.
 - So he didn't say anything like that.
 - So he didn't even say it's not even some pets.
 - No, he didn't even say only good boys go to heaven.
 (laughing)
 - He was quoting Pope Paul VI, who had died in 1978,
 and he said Pope Paul VI had said that feet idiot,
 (laughing)
 but they thought that he'd said it himself.
 - Oh, okay.
 - We're gonna have to move on to our next factory soon.
 - Oh, okay.
 - Well, just, they are kind of cat lovers,
 historically, Pope's, aren't they?
 So a lot of Pope's have had cats as pets,
 and I don't think he was supposed to have pets
 in the Vatican, but for instance, Pope Benedict,
 so the Pope for this one, wasn't he?
 Yes, he was.
 He had, he actually had a biography of himself,
 written by a cat.
 - Stop it, cool.
 - Yeah, his pet cat, Chico,
 who stayed in the house that he'd hoped to retire to,
 before becoming Pope, Hassel,
 his pet cat Chico stayed in his house with the house's caretakers,
 and wrote the life of Pope Benedict as told by a cat.
 - Oh.
 - And it was with some help, so there was...
 (laughing)
 - That was a ghost writer, was there?
 - Well, look, a ghost writer is a strong word.
 I think a copy editor helped, yeah.
 (laughing)
 Leo V12, he gave papal audiences with his cat hidden
 in his lap underneath all his vestments,
 and occasionally it would give the game away
 by just having the swishing tail just below
 this kind of small...
 - Oh, God.
 - That would be very unsettling to see
 if you didn't know about the cat.
 - Yeah.
 - If you saw that a bulge come up underneath the actual,
 someone's just been in the sexy bathroom.
 (laughing)
 - The current Pope, Pope Francis has cows,
 and those cows are used to paint the Belvedere Palace,
 which houses all the precious art
 from the Vatican Museums.
 - What do you mean they're used to paint?
 - 'Cause they're not good painters' cows usually.
 - No, they're not part of the process.
 They just help with the materials.
 So, the milk of these cows is used to paint
 the walls of the outside of the museum, hoes.
 They do just grab an utter and sort of angle it
 to where you need it to be.
 - No, it's a very old recipe that they found
 where if you added cows milk to it,
 it makes it a better thing to paint with,
 and so they don't do it out in nostalgia.
 They do it out of it's the best way
 to paint their walls in the way that they have them.
 So yeah, all the walls out there.
 And I wonder the cats like the Vatican so much,
 it's full of milk.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 Okay, we need to move on to fact number two.
 It is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Johnny Cash,
 who released the song "Walk the Line,"
 had a lesser known musician brother called Tommy Cash,
 who released a song called "I Didn't Walk the Line."
 (audience laughing)
 This is, so Tommy Cash, Tommy Cash is still alive,
 he's 79 years old, and his whole career,
 he's been a country music star just like his brother,
 but not quite to the, you haven't heard of him.
 But, and he has other great songs,
 like one is called "My Brother, Johnny Cash,"
 and another one called "My Mother's Other Son."
 Oh!
 So it's because he doesn't really play
 off the Johnny Cash connection, it sounds like at all.
 No, he's a very, actually I've listened some of his songs,
 it's, they're genuinely really good,
 and he has a lot of songs with,
 I think those ones are done, you know,
 Johnny Cash has a very good sense of humor,
 these were done with a sense of humor as well, I think,
 as far as I can tell.
 Johnny Cash was an amazing guy.
 Yeah, so there's a story about him,
 that he was the first American person
 to find out that Stalin was dead.
 Yeah, really?
 And it's a, yeah, it's a, it's really repeated error.
 So he worked as a radio operator
 for the American Air Force between 1950 and 1954,
 yeah, and Stalin died in '53, didn't he?
 Yeah, so, so according to him,
 he claimed he located the signal
 'cause he was in West Germany at the time, I think,
 when a Soviet bomber was flying from Moscow to small,
 and the news was being transmitted internally in Russia,
 but it hadn't made it outside yet.
 Yeah, he didn't.
 But I don't think he did, I think he didn't.
 'Cause another biography pointed out that he didn't speak Russian,
 and it would have been in code,
 and he wouldn't have been able to decipher the code,
 and even if he had been able to decipher it,
 he didn't speak Russian, so.
 He was amazing that Johnny Cash, he had an incredible life.
 He was obviously famous for singing in lots of prisons,
 but he also spent quite a lot of time in prisons himself
 for doing bad stuff.
 And so one time, there was one time
 which sounded kind of sweet, where he was jailed,
 and he only ever spent one night in jail.
 It was for stuff like once he broke into some property
 to pick some flowers, really hardcore stuff like that.
 So he spent one night in a small town jail,
 and the warden who was jailing him said,
 "My wife's a big fan of yours,
 "and when I went home last night and told her
 "I had Johnny Cash in my jail, she cried all night."
 (laughing)
 Well, he did only spend one night in jail,
 but he did get in a lot of trouble, didn't he?
 Like, he smuggled drugs over the border,
 that was a big thing that he got in trouble for.
 There was one time when he was driving into the countryside
 while taking pills, drinking whiskey,
 and swirving all over the road.
 And then he decided to set a fire
 and set his car on fire, and then set the forest on fire.
 And when they caught him, and they said,
 "Did you start this fire?"
 He said, "No, no, my truck did, and it's dead,
 "so you can't question it."
 (laughing)
 And then they said, "Well, what about these condos?"
 We had 53 endangered condos here,
 and 49 of them have gone away.
 He said, "I don't care about your yellow buzzards."
 (laughing)
 So he killed half that species.
 Yeah.
 The half that there were only about a hundred left at the time,
 and then he killed 49.
 Yeah.
 And the species got down to 27 a few decades later,
 which was principally the fault of Johnny Cash.
 It's crazy.
 (laughing)
 But the numbers have since recovered, so.
 Now Johnny Cash is dead, they have.
 (laughing)
 He actually had a really bad relationship with birds,
 so he was addicted to painkillers and pills,
 and had serious problems with that,
 and then he quit them, he claimed,
 because he did it for June, his love of his life,
 and then he fell back into his painkiller addiction,
 after being attacked by an ostrich.
 So it was in the early Aces,
 and he wrote about this in his autobiography, I think,
 and he said that he had this animal park on his land,
 where he had lots of exotic animals.
 And he had an ostrich, a pair of ostriches
 that he'd always got along very well with,
 and then the female died,
 and the male got kind of pissed off.
 And so Johnny Cash was walking through the land one day,
 and the male just went for him,
 and he'd Johnny tried to swipe him with a stick,
 and the ostrich jumped in the air,
 and then came down at him with his big claw,
 and slit his stomach right open.
 So he ended up breaking five ribs,
 and he said that the only thing that saved him
 was he was wearing a really big belt,
 so the huge ostrich claw couldn't get slit his stomach down.
 He'd be on that belt.
 So then he went to hospital, had to take some painkillers,
 and-- - Back on the drugs.
 - I think there's more to that story than there is.
 I think Johnny Cash killed the female ostrich
 and was going back for the male.
 (laughing)
 And the male took vengeance on him.
 - His drug taking was, I mean,
 it was insane the amount that he was doing.
 He always tried to kick it, never fully managed to do it.
 At one point, when he was really into the drugs,
 he released an album called "Bitter Tears."
 And "Bitter Tears" was actually a very serious album.
 It's sort of the AKA of it is "Ballards of the American Indian."
 And they were protest songs about how Native Americans
 were being treated at the time.
 So the sleeve notes say that Johnny Cash sings well
 these tales of the Indians' woe.
 Johnny is justified in the stand he takes
 as he is proud of his Cherokee blood.
 So he's, Johnny has Cherokee and Mohawk blood in his veins.
 He's said, he doesn't.
 He's in no way Native American.
 - Wow.
 - The drugs made him think he was Native American.
 He told Playboy in an interview.
 He said, "The higher I got, the more Indian blood I thought I had in me."
 And so, the whole thing was just a drug trip.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah, I wasn't really sure about him
 'cause he's quite, you know, there are some good,
 when you read about it, it's really complicated, isn't it?
 Like, for instance, he once shot a crow
 but then spent the next two days looking for a vet
 who could heal it.
 Okay, so it's kind of bent on both sides,
 but then I read one thing which really pushed me over the edge.
 Apparently, he used to drive down golf courses,
 picking up the players' bowls,
 and throwing them into the trees.
 (laughing)
 And I'm sorry, I could not trust a man who does that.
 - Just speaking of cars, I mean, this gives you another sort of insight
 into his kind of not empathetic side.
 There was a friend of his who was called Farron Young.
 He was a friend of cashers
 and he was also a musical contemporary.
 But he died in 1996 and his son said,
 "Can I come to your garden and spread his ashes?"
 Because this is a place that he loved to come.
 So Johnny said, "Yes, Johnny was out, I think, for the day."
 Came back and clearly when the ashes were being spread,
 some of them had caught in the wind.
 So Johnny came back and over his windshield of his car
 were the ashes of his former friend
 and he just turned the windshield wipers off.
 (laughing)
 He wiped him off, he wiped his existence off.
 - It's what he would have wanted.
 - That's true.
 - Who knows what he asked for?
 - Just on Johnny Cash and Birds
 'cause we were just talking about all that.
 Just very quickly.
 - It's all we're talking about.
 (laughing)
 - He fell out with his record label in the '80s Columbia.
 But they kind of, they had a deal
 so he had to release some records.
 And so he released a deliberately awful song
 called Chicken in Black,
 which was all about his brain being transplanted
 into a chicken.
 (laughing)
 Sounds amazing.
 - And actually it was quite a success.
 - So really?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - It's not terrible.
 - Is he listening to it?
 - I don't know.
 - I think it's nice.
 He's not very good at writing his liberally bad songs.
 - What about this one that I've heard that,
 I don't think he wrote this but he definitely sung it.
 It's called, "I've been flushed from the bathroom
 "of your heart."
 (laughing)
 - Is that good luck?
 - That's great.
 - You know, my, possibly my favorite thing about Johnny Cash
 is his daughter's name, which is Rosanne
 and this is his daughter with his first wife, Vivian.
 And daughter's called Rosanne because his name
 for Vivian's breasts were Rosanne.
 (laughing)
 Is that a nice thing to carry around with you
 as a daughter?
 Who knows?
 - And we're gonna have to move on soon to our next fact.
 - I can give you a few more country song titles.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Just for the fun of it.
 Dropkick me Jesus through the goal posts of life.
 That's a good one.
 Here's quite a famous one.
 You're the reason our kids are ugly.
 (laughing)
 - Wow.
 - He went to sleep and the hog's at him.
 Now, Claude's gone forever.
 That was by Nathan Nathan.
 And we feed our baby's onions so we can find them in the dark.
 (laughing)
 Which is more a tip for life, I think, than a song.
 - It's a great tip.
 I like it.
 - We need to move on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that debirs use a giant vacuum cleaner
 to get diamonds from the bottom of the sea.
 - Wow.
 - This is so cool.
 This fact was actually sent to us by someone on Twitter
 @grapese81.
 Thank you very much.
 So this is an amazing thing.
 Diamonds on land are running out.
 Most diamond mines are gonna run out in about 2050, we think.
 So now there are these floating mines
 which bob around off the coast of Namibia, a lot of them.
 And one of them is run by debirs, and it dredges up.
 Huge amounts of stuff from the sea floor sifts it
 and then returns the stuff to the sea floor
 but keeps the diamonds.
 And it's hugely profitable.
 - Are the lots of diamonds there?
 - There are.
 - Wow.
 - That's why they do it.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, it makes sense.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - So in 2016, mining companies got $600 million
 worth of diamonds from the sea bed, so this is good.
 But it is a bit of a worry as well.
 This method of getting diamonds
 because it sucks up a lot of the sea bed.
 It might disturb the life living down there.
 And they do know that the vacuum cleaners they use
 are big enough to suck up fish and octopuses
 which go on this massive crazy ride through the system.
 And then they do end up back in the water at the end.
 - And these diamonds are much better
 or it's much more likely that you're gonna get
 a really good diamond, right?
 Because the water is always buffeting these diamonds.
 And so the little rubbish ones kind of get ground away
 and only the really high quality ones are left.
 (laughing)
 - Hey.
 - That's why they do it.
 - That's why they're good.
 - Sounds like a spokesperson for Derby's, yeah?
 (laughing)
 We are sponsored today, bye.
 (laughing)
 Derby's a pretty extraordinary company.
 They have controlled our view of diamonds
 for like a hundred years, it's mad.
 So they, until like the late 19th century,
 diamonds were incredibly rare.
 You basically found them
 if you pick them up on a few riverbeds in India,
 you could scavenge maybe a diamond if you were very lucky
 or the jungle of Brazil.
 But then in 1870, suddenly we found these,
 well, we started mining in South Africa
 and it was full of diamonds.
 And the market was suddenly deluged
 and Derby's who was the British company
 who was running the market at that time
 thought well, we can't let the market be deluged
 because otherwise we'll devalue the price of diamonds.
 And so they've basically been controlling the price.
 They're not even that rare.
 They're not so, lots more than Emeralds Ruby's
 sapphires, they're all much more rare than diamonds.
 Gold, so if you took all the gold evermind in the world,
 it would be up an elephant.
 (laughing)
 It would die.
 No, it would be a cube with sides of 20 meters.
 Whereas diamonds are fine,
 but Derby's has just had this monopoly on them forever.
 And they created that idea as well
 of the thing of how much you need to spend
 on an engagement ring creating the idea
 of a diamond being a part of an engagement ring.
 So it's something like a month salary, isn't it?
 A month salary.
 I remember someone told me that when I got engaged
 to my, well, as I was about to propose to my wife,
 that that was the case.
 Terrifying things.
 Well, no, what you do is you just resign your job.
 Yeah, propose using an extremely small ring.
 Yeah.
 And then explain the situation to your now furious fiancee.
 (laughing)
 I was--
 And your furious boss, obviously, when you asked your job back.
 The other thing is, if they just decided
 that they could have pitched it as high as they once
 it really, couldn't they?
 Yeah, but if they said you have to spend 20 years
 of your salary on a ring, it's got to pitch it.
 But you can now make diamonds, obviously, artificial diamonds
 are much more of a thing.
 And there is a Dutch designer who makes diamonds out of smog.
 This is so cool.
 He's got a tower, which sucks in 30,000 cubic meters
 of polluted air every hour of the day.
 And it cleans it.
 It releases the cleaner, so it's cleaning the air a bit.
 And then it collects a lot of carbon.
 And that carbon is crushed down into a diamond.
 It's not very romantic, though, is it?
 No, it's not.
 And these synthetic diamonds is a real problem for debirs,
 really, because if you can start making them in a lab,
 which are pretty much almost identical
 to the ones that you get from the ground,
 eventually it's going to be much cheaper to do it and whatever.
 So they've been really going against this for a long time,
 debirs, but very recently, they've
 started their own brand called Lightbox, which
 are the synthetic diamonds.
 But what they're doing is they're calling it
 affordable, fashion jewellery that may not be forever.
 And there's a suggestion--
 and I'm not saying this because, of course, we are sponsored,
 but no, we're not sponsored.
 But there's a suggestion that they're making deliberately
 trashy-looking jewellery with these synthetic things in
 so that there's a big difference between those ones
 and the so-called real ones.
 Oh, really?
 Oh, that's so sneaky.
 But most diamonds are synthetic.
 So I think that only 1.4% of today's diamonds
 are naturally mine.
 But synthetic diamonds have never been good quality enough
 until very recently to be used as jewellery.
 But their diamonds are really useful in industry,
 so for cutting and polishing, because they're so hard.
 And so those ones tend to be generated in the lab.
 So yeah, most diamonds don't come out of the ground.
 Swallowing diamonds?
 What?
 Sure, let's do it.
 In 2013, there was a charity event where everyone present
 got a glass of champagne.
 And all the glasses-- I think this is what happened--
 they had a cubic zirconia in the glass.
 And one glass at the whole event had a diamond in it in the
 glass, which a local jeweler had donated.
 So the idea is, at the end of the evening, everyone checks
 their flute, and someone's got the genuine diamond.
 And they get to keep that diamond.
 Cool.
 Unfortunately.
 I think you've given away from your headlight and what happens
 in the story.
 Unfortunately, the diamond was swallowed by an 80-year-old lady
 who had failed to notice the actual diamond at the bottom
 of her flute.
 And her doctor then found it during a colonoscopy.
 But the story has a happy ending, which is that she took it
 to a jeweler's shop in a biohazard bag.
 And it got cleaned up, but now she's got the diamonds.
 They're enough, of course.
 So you've got to keep it.
 If it's been dragged out of your rectum, then I think you
 deserve that diamond.
 I've got a really good diamond story that I like is that
 Donald Trump once gave Charlie Sheen a diamond.
 This is very rid of our back.
 So he actually gave him cufflinks that he said were made
 of platinum and diamond.
 And then so Charlie Sheen took these very grateful blah, blah,
 blah, blah.
 Had them valued up curiosity six months later.
 And he said that the value of literally recoiled from the item.
 And I was like, no, this is the cheapest thing I've ever seen.
 This is made of cheap pewter.
 This is expensive ones.
 Which rectum did you get this from?
 And then he said this.
 And it turns out that two or three other people, I think,
 have had exactly the same thing with Trump.
 Oh my god.
 That's amazing.
 In the course of researching this, my favorite diamond
 story that I read was an attempt to bribe Nestle for $25 million
 I think it was of worth of diamonds.
 So the idea was this guy was going to poison or threaten
 to poison Nestle's stuff.
 And he said, I won't do it if you give me all these diamonds.
 So Nestle had to work out how do we get out of this.
 And the police were brought in.
 And he said the way he wanted the diamonds delivered to him
 was he had homing pigeons.
 They were to be attached to that.
 And then there was to be inserted into the homing pigeons.
 Who is this guy?
 He was from Frankfurt.
 So it was DM $25 million, not dollars.
 Deutsch marks.
 Yeah, Deutsch marks.
 But yeah.
 So he got caught.
 And the reason he got caught is because obviously the homing
 pigeons were flying to exactly where he was.
 So they just followed the birds, and there he was waiting.
 It's the opposite of the perfect crime.
 I looked into some vacuum cleaners.
 Oh yeah.
 OK.
 A little bit of vacuum cleaner stuff.
 So I found a vacuum cleaner museum in the UK.
 And it sounds great.
 I really want to go.
 It's run by a guy called James Brown.
 But I think a different James Brown.
 And he's amazing.
 He's just really passionate about vacuum cleaners.
 So the museum is a notting him.
 If you're ever in the UK and want to go, he said the age eight.
 He was already a vacuum cleaner fanatic in his mum had one.
 And he really wanted one.
 And he spotted a red goblin 800 lying on a rubbish dump.
 I don't know what that is, but maybe they were famous back then.
 A rubbish dump is a kind of pace where people leave.
 It doesn't matter, go on.
 So he found this red goblin.
 He took it home, wiped the mark off, plugged it in.
 And he says, that was one of the most fantastic moments of my life.
 And his mum apparently was hoping he'd get out of the vacuum cleaner
 phase, and he didn't.
 And by his teens, he had about 30 vacuum cleaners.
 And he said, you could say vacuum cleaners took over my life.
 One of his-- and so he's still at this museum.
 One of his party tricks, which I would love to enjoy.
 And I don't think we need to hear about this.
 It's not that.
 He just puts on a blindfold, and he waits.
 He puts on a blindfold.
 And you turn on your vacuum cleaner if he's in your house,
 and he can identify the exact make and model of the vacuum cleaner.
 Oh, cool.
 By the sound alone.
 Yeah, just by the sound.
 Wow, awesome.
 I actually read about him in the telegraph.
 And this was such a weird sentence from the telegraph thing about him.
 It just said James, who was not married,
 sees the real value of his collection as--
 and then it's completely unrelated to the fact that he's not married.
 So I feel like that needs emphasizing.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Chuzinski.
 My fact this week is that if you want to buy a phone app
 in North Korea, you have to go to a physical app store.
 How on earth does it work?
 Well, it's quite complex, actually.
 So basically, you can get kind of the specific phones
 that you're allowed to get, that the state allows you to get in North Korea.
 And they come with just like a card game and a photo app.
 And that's it.
 And if you want anything else, you go to these shops or these kiosks.
 And they're often like sort of appended
 to a supermarket or something, and you go in.
 And they're covered.
 The walls are covered with posters of different apps
 that you can ask for.
 So you browse the posters, and you see what you like to look of.
 And then you go up to the counter.
 And you say, I want that, or if they don't have a poster,
 you describe it to the assistant.
 And they say, oh, it sounds like Google Maps might work for you.
 Yeah.
 No, they don't allow that, certainly.
 But it's this ridiculously long process.
 So you say the app you want.
 You put the app name on this little slip.
 And then it sent to the cashier.
 And then you have to go to the cashier and pay.
 And then it sent back to the app selector
 who then has to plug their computer
 into a big internet system that only they have access to.
 And it's via Bluetooth connection,
 because it's not via proper internet connection.
 And then they have to download your app.
 It takes about 10 minutes per app.
 So to buy an app, you have to walk to the app
 or spend 10 minutes in there on this convoluted process.
 Go away.
 And then you've got snake.
 But there's even one further complication.
 They download it onto your phone.
 But then you need to buy an access code to set the thing off.
 So then that takes a further 10 minutes.
 So to get a single app, sometimes can take an hour,
 because you have to wait for the access codes
 to come through and so on.
 And yeah, it's incredible.
 Big system.
 But it was quite positive the article I read,
 although it was by a guy who works for a tourist agency
 in North Korea.
 But he was like, we've got access to all sorts of apps.
 They do.
 They've got an interesting internet system.
 Their intranet is called a Kwang Myeong.
 And that means light, apparently,
 or that sort of a loose translation.
 And it's actually fewer than 200 websites
 that are run by the government.
 But even so, if something.
 Some apps, some stuff on apps.
 I read an article about the worst apps in history.
 And I think I can't probably agree with you.
 So there's one called Hang Time.
 And it's a game.
 And what you do, you throw your iPhone in the air.
 And then you catch it.
 And the longer it's in the air, the more points you get.
 So it's encouraging you to throw it higher and higher and higher.
 So that's $0.99 for that game.
 And then another $1,000 for the next phone.
 There's another one called Pocket Heat, which is $1.99.
 And what this does is it uses up all of the iPhone's battery.
 It just puts it into overdrive, just making it
 do loads and loads of work, and makes it go red hot.
 And what they say, it's great, is if you're stuck in the wilderness
 and it's really cold, then you can use it to warm yourself up.
 But then, of course, how are you going to get in touch with anyone afterwards?
 Because you've got no battery left.
 Well, if you've got no battery, there's actually a really great app called Die With Me,
 which is you're only allowed to enter the app.
 So it's locked out.
 You're locked out of it until your battery goes to 5% or below.
 And then suddenly you're into this chat room where everyone's phones are dying.
 And you can come visit it together.
 Oh my god, it's like being a palliative care ward.
 Oh, that's morbid.
 Speaking of that, actually, do you remember the old Nokia 3310s?
 Yeah, they're very, very popular.
 There's still a few in this audience who got them.
 There was a woman in Nigeria.
 Apparently, this happened.
 It was on social media.
 And they claimed it happened.
 She lost her phone in 2006.
 And then last year, they found it again.
 And it still had one bar of battery left.
 No.
 That's amazing.
 No.
 Sorry, really, that's true.
 And there was a YouTube channel called Creosan that passed a million volts of electricity
 through a 3310 and it continued to work.
 And they did it to a more modern phone and it just was frazzled immediately.
 Do you know the best selling phone of all time?
 Is it that one?
 3310.
 It's not the 3310s.
 The 1100, which I think is a previous version.
 So seven of the 10 best selling phones of all time are Nokia phones.
 And yeah, the 11-- yeah, they're great phones.
 And Snake, in fact, was obviously the best game of all time.
 But I realized something about it that I never knew at the time, which is that you could
 play two players, Snake, with your friend.
 So they had an infrared phone connection thing installed, which is kind of like early Bluetooth,
 I suppose, which no one ever used, I don't think.
 But basically, if you pointed your phone really close through the infrared port, you pointed
 that infrared port at your mate's infrared port.
 And they were basically touching each other.
 You could then, if you couldn't talk your body around enough, play Snake against that
 friend.
 Yeah.
 I've done that.
 I've played that.
 What?
 Yeah.
 No.
 Do you mean against a friend, rather than just the phone?
 I didn't hear what you said just before.
 I was just saying about a great game of Snake.
 Oh.
 I love Snake.
 Have you guys heard of the "Yo" app?
 No.
 "Yo" was an app sensation in 2014.
 Was it?
 Yeah, it was.
 The only thing you could do with it was send the word "Yo."
 Yes, I did get that to other users of the app.
 I used that like for about two hours.
 Right.
 You can't say anything else.
 If you get sent a "Yo," all you can reply with is "Yo."
 It raised a million and a half dollars in funding.
 It became the number four app in the US App Store, thanks to people like James.
 It was pretty cool.
 It was.
 It was pretty cool.
 The man who founded it said this is a stupid app.
 He's so wrong.
 He's so wrong.
 He just got a message and it just went, "Yo."
 What could be better than that?
 It's like, you know on Facebook how you can poke people.
 It's like that kind of thing.
 How come I don't remember getting a "Yo" from you?
 Well, 2014.
 I believe that was before you ever had a smartphone.
 For those the early days of the apps, it was the bubble wrap app where you just clicked on bubble wrap.
 When they launched, it was in July 2008.
 In December of that year, there were over 50 different apps purely dedicated to making fart noises.
 That's how quickly we were interested in just having these things.
 There are now more than 1200 of the iTunes star, yeah.
 It's pretty depressing, isn't it?
 We've come this far technologically.
 Look how advanced we are.
 We've shown Newton what we've done.
 He's astonished.
 He asked, "What have you done with it?"
 Well, we've got 1200 for fast apps.
 Wow.
 I like this one.
 There's the quirky Egg Minder Wink app enabled Smart Egg Tray.
 This is an egg tray for your fridge, but it has an app which goes with it, which tells you how many eggs you have.
 Cool.
 That's very useful.
 If you're outside the fridge but you don't want to open it.
 There is a French calorie counting app called Food Viser, which is for people who are trying to calculate how many calories there are.
 You basically show the phone what is on your plate and it tells you an estimate of how many calories are in it.
 It's a French app, but when it was released in England, it became repeatedly confused by horrible British food, which had no idea what it was.
 It got shown a cornered pasty and said, "Is this a baguette? What is it?"
 It got fish chips and mushy peas. It said, "Oh, you've got some guacamole, I can see there."
 We're going to have to wrap up in a second.
 I think one of my favourite apps is an app called The Last Hit.
 This is something that acknowledges that, as it says, there is something worse than suddenly dying and that is doing it while listening to a really embarrassing song.
 The Last Hit is an app that your phone detects a sudden movement that implies you might have died in an awful accident.
 It quickly plays the song that you've nominated to be your final song.
 Oh, God.
 He died listening to Johnny Cash's famous chicken song.
 That's okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland and...
 At Andrew Hunter M. James.
 At James Harkin.
 And Shazinsky.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing, or our website.
 @NoSuchThing is a fish.com, where we have all of our previous episodes, we have upcoming tour dates, and we also have little bits of merchandise.
 And yeah, that's it. Thank you so much, Antwerp. That was amazing. We'll see you again. Goodbye!
 [Applause]
 [Music]
