 So you don't want to go back to sleep?
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Things A Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Anna Toshinsky and I'm sitting here with James Arkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and
 this week we are with Ed Brooke Hitching, our fellow QI Elf, who has just written a new book,
 right?
 Yes, it's called The Golden Atlas, a history of exploration, just filled with that kind
 of quirky QI style facts.
 Yes, it is a really beautiful looking book full of amazing looking kind of maps and little
 factoids about exploration.
 Get it now, go to Ed's Twitter feed or any book show after the show.
 After the show, sorry, get it in, you know, however long it takes to listen to this.
 It's available in any bookshop or online and for now, once again, we're gathered here
 with our four favourite facts from the last seven days in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Ed.
 So my fact is the most experienced sailor of all Captain Cook's First Voyage was a goat.
 But yes, she previously sailed around the world.
 When you say she was experienced, she didn't do any sailing, presumably, she was just on
 milk provision.
 I don't think she was too, like, nifty with the ropes, if that's what I mean.
 But yeah, she'd survived, like a global, like a circumnavigation, you know, I think she'd
 survived three shipwrecks as well.
 Wow.
 That's pretty amazing.
 All for her milk.
 So she was, yeah, a really impressive.
 What was she called?
 Oh, she didn't have a name, but she's known as the well-traveled goat.
 That is the first animal to travel around the world and in fact, wasn't she the first female
 to travel around the world?
 Yes, in the world.
 And they didn't even give her a name.
 They named her the well-traveled and then they got her species name at the end.
 That's wrong with that.
 Yeah.
 But they gave her some jewelry, like, when she returned, safe and sound, she went to live
 in Marlend and they gave her a silver collar, and she was quite a fancy goat.
 And then when she died, Dr. Johnson wrote her epitaph.
 Do you think they brought her on because she was so experienced as well as her milk stuff?
 Like, because you could get milk from any goat, but this is a goat that's been on two
 different experts.
 Yeah, she's probably there like a cigarette in her hand, like, no worries at all.
 But I guess, well, she could have been thought of as a lucky goat if she'd survived Chebrax.
 Yeah.
 Definitely.
 So that's something.
 Captain Cook actually once did chase a goat across an entire island.
 That's true.
 Was it a big island?
 I don't know.
 It was a stolen goat, though.
 That's it.
 So he, Captain Cook was making these voyages around the world, wasn't he?
 And the first one was scientific and the other two were discovering, you know, botanical
 things and lamb masses and that frequently things got next by the people he encountered,
 the aboriginals who he was meeting for the first time because there wasn't the same sense
 of property rights and ownership and things like that.
 And some things he said, no, we should just let it go.
 This doesn't matter.
 And then, but other times, when it was an important thing for the mission, he was really
 a stickler for getting it back.
 And we wanted the goat back because the third voyage, one of the missions was to introduce
 European livestock, so pairs of European livestock.
 So if you've lost one goat, it's very, very hard to get goat breeding.
 I can't remember if they didn't bring a spare, though, because you'd assume that a couple
 might go.
 I would have brought five or six, I think.
 Yeah, I mean, if we can just stock six ships worth of stuff, then that's fine.
 I think it was quite crowded for space on these ships, Anna.
 Fair enough.
 You would have been the worst on Noah's Ark.
 Why have you only got two of them?
 One of these didn't fancy each other.
 Well, a lot of room on the ship would have been taken up with Sour Crout.
 They brought several tons of Sour Crout, because Captain Cook was one of the first to realize
 that scurvy could be treated with vitamins, and he didn't quite understand why, but he
 had to convince no one like Sour Crout, so the way that he convinces Cruder to eat it was
 to serve his officers in a really fancy way, and so the crew would get jealous and think,
 "Oh, this must be something worth," stuff like that.
 Nouvelle Quizzine, Sour Crout.
 Yeah, exactly.
 That's a nice, white tablecloth, just a dumpload of Sour Crout.
 That's really clever.
 Did you know that one of his expeditions had his ostensible mission and then his secret mission?
 So this is his 1768 expedition, when he was officially going to Tahiti, he was supposed
 to observe the transit of Venus across the face of the sun and do a bunch of other scientific
 stuff.
 But the British government told him, "Do this, but here's a sealed envelope, and when
 you've done that, you're allowed to open this sealed envelope, and that contains a secret
 information for what you're actually supposed to do."
 It's like Taskmaster.
 It was such an extreme long episode of Taskmaster.
 And yeah, he opened the envelope when he'd done his Tahiti business, and it said, "Please
 find the great Southern continent."
 Everyone was convinced there was a big continent down in the South Pole, and they were right.
 Obviously, but he tried to find it and failed.
 They knew something was there and it was all based on, sort of, like, sightings of little islands,
 maybe ice flows.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, on the second voyage, they passed a cook and his men passed within 70 miles of
 Antarctica and didn't find it.
 Wow.
 That's so frustrating.
 How do we know?
 Do they leave footprint in the sea?
 What of where they went?
 Yeah.
 No, they have maps.
 Oh, yeah.
 They were riding it all down.
 It's full of maps.
 I've been reading about the ship itself, the Endeavour.
 This is a very famous ship, but it was such an unglamorous ship.
 So it was a coal-carrying ship, which is not, you know, very glam.
 It wasn't very fast.
 It could only go about six or seven knots at nautical miles an hour.
 But nonetheless, it was incredibly hardy because it was designed to carry coal around and
 it was built to last.
 So it did all these voyages.
 It hit the Great Barrier Reef once.
 He just bumped into the Great Barrier Reef, and it tore a hole in the side of the ship and
 they had to dump six cannon overboard immediately.
 So it wouldn't sink.
 Probably damaged the coral as well.
 Oh, yeah.
 But who cares?
 I mean, like I was just thinking that's effectively a footprint of the sea, isn't it?
 Yes.
 That's how we know.
 So I didn't mean that about who cares its coral.
 I care a lot about the Great Barrier Reef.
 Sorry.
 I get it.
 But scientists spent 200 years trying to find the cannon that he ditched overboard.
 And they knew that he'd been around there because they left charts and maps saying where
 they'd been.
 But no one could actually find the exact cannon until 1969 when they went there with a magnetometer
 looking for the iron of the cannons, testing for magnetism as a barrier reef, yeah.
 Very clever.
 Well, because we also recently found quite recently found the Endeavour itself, didn't
 we?
 So the Endeavour was actually two ships in a way, because he used it, 17, you know, 17,
 17, 16, 17, 17, 17, he used it.
 And then it was renamed and repurposed.
 It became the Lord's Sandwich.
 And it took place in the Battle of Brooklyn, 1776, so one of the largest ships used there.
 And we only found out in the 1990s that that was the same ship.
 So I find that really weird that ships are fully repurposed.
 But it was called the Lord's Sandwich, Captain Cook was killed on the Sandwich Islands.
 It all comes full circle.
 Like the world he travelled around.
 Of course.
 Yeah, he was, what happened to him?
 He was baked.
 Was he?
 Well, part of the big parcel some more?
 There's a big popular method.
 He was eaten, wasn't there?
 Yeah, he wasn't eaten.
 He was just baked, so his bones could be removed and treated respectfully.
 Okay.
 He's a big honour to be baked.
 I don't think I'd like to watch the Sandwich Islands version of the Great Sandwich
 Island Bake-Off.
 But yeah, he was chopped up into little bits as well, wasn't he?
 So this is when he arrived on Hawaii with his crew and they thought he was a god for a
 while.
 They thought the whole crew were gods because they weren't in the middle of their big festival
 at the time, worshipping gods.
 And then one of their crew died, which really screwed things up for them because they thought
 they were immortal and then it turned out they weren't immortal.
 And so relationships went a bit sour.
 And then he sailed away and then rough seas swept him back and they got into fights and
 they ended up killing him.
 But the Hawaiians came and delivered all his bones in a sack, didn't they?
 I think one of his compatriots said.
 There's another weird link.
 You said that Dr. Johnson wrote the epitaph for the goat, the well-travel goat.
 So this was after one of Captain Cook's missions.
 He brought back a kangaroo.
 They discovered so much new stuff.
 They brought back 30,000 botanical species, 250 new fish and five mammals, including a kangaroo.
 And this is a story of a dinner in 1773 where Dr. Johnson was so excited that Captain Cook
 had discovered a kangaroo that he did an impression of it for all the other guests, despite the
 lack.
 He'd never seen one.
 Okay, so here's the account.
 He stood erect, put out his hands like feelers.
 This is Dr. Johnson.
 He put out his hands like feelers and gathering up the tails of his huge brown coat so as to
 resemble the pouch of the animal, made two or three vigorous bounds across the room.
 What?
 I mean, considering he's never seen one before, that does sound like a kangaroo.
 Yeah.
 It's perfect.
 I would have been fooled.
 Why do we keep calling him Captain Cook when he wasn't a captain?
 Ooh.
 Why do we call him Captain Cook when he wasn't a captain?
 No.
 He wasn't a cook either.
 No, man.
 He's a fraud.
 My assumed tea was a naval captain.
 He was a lieutenant when he was on Endeavour and then when he came back to England, he was
 given the rank of commander.
 And then by 1775, he became a post-captain, which was even better than a captain, but he was
 never actually a captain.
 That's so funny.
 Yeah.
 So he'd just leapfrog's captain, see?
 Yeah.
 He didn't even need to be a captain, but we still call him Captain Cook.
 It listarates, doesn't it?
 That's the thing.
 You're right.
 Good to be in Corporal Cook.
 Commander Cook.
 He was a commander.
 Yeah.
 So someone who's a captain of two ships, more than one ship?
 I think you are.
 If you're a captain of one ship, but you also have another ship under your command, you're
 then a commander.
 So it's kind of natural to call someone captain, even though they're a commander.
 I think so.
 I think if someone said where's the captain, they'd say, "Oh, we don't have a captain."
 Yeah.
 Unfortunately, I've come on a misconception.
 It's kind of a naval emergency.
 Pets on naval pets?
 So naval pets were a big deal.
 So much so that there was a sailor zoo in the 19th century.
 It was set up in Portsmouth in 1893.
 And by 1935, they had lions and various marsupials and birds in aviaries, and with a couple
 of people all taking pets.
 So you mean that sailors had pet lions on their boats?
 Well, it seems like it expanded this naval zoo to incorporate things that possibly hadn't
 accompanied the sailors.
 But how did they get there, James?
 How did they...
 Yeah, they couldn't fly in those days.
 There was no Euro Tunnel.
 They did find a polar bear, some British sailors, and they just took it onto their ship.
 And they took it to Wayland.
 Yeah.
 They rescued it.
 It was a cub when they rescued it.
 And it was on some ice off Greenland, and they made it the ship's mascot and called it
 Barbara.
 Do you think she's an apparently funny name for a polar bear?
 All right, there's time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that for 150 years, Shakespeare's play The Tragedy of King Lear had a happy
 ending.
 Did they still call it The Tragedy of?
 No, they didn't.
 They slightly tweet the title, because they thought it might not work.
 So I read this in the conversation, and I can't believe I didn't know it, but basically
 people didn't like the fact that King Lear had a sad ending, which spoiler alert it does.
 I mean, really, really sad ending, it's The Tragedy.
 So it was sort of adapted by this writer called Neham Tate in 1681, and he rewrote it, and
 he called it the historical play of King Lear and his three daughters to remove the awkward
 word tragedy.
 And yeah, at the end, Cordelia saves King Lear.
 He puts her on the throne.
 There's a little love affair between her and remember Edgar and King Lear, who's kind
 of another nice guy.
 I don't think there's any flirting with Cordelia and Edgar in the original.
 And yeah, everyone lives happily ever after.
 So in the original, Lear dies, Cordelia dies, everyone dies.
 Everyone dies.
 Almost everyone has a tiny closing experience.
 We all die, Andy.
 Yeah, this is all right.
 It's a very concertina, then there is a death, that way.
 It's a classic Shakespeare tragedy, isn't it, where within the space is about five minutes,
 about 12 people dropped dead one after death.
 It's a very high body count.
 Do you think he just gets to the end?
 And he's like, oh, I've only got 100 words left.
 I'm just going to have to kill everyone.
 He's not doing an essay, James, I don't think he had a word count.
 I've gone way over.
 This is the way I think.
 The original that Shakespeare borrowed from was not a tragedy.
 I mean, it didn't have this incredibly tragic ending where everyone dies.
 So the rewritten version that you're talking about, and it was kind of a return to the
 previous edition, there was an ancient version called, there's a thing called Holland Shed's
 Chronicles, which has a lot of stories of kings and Shakespeare got a lot of plots
 from that.
 But King Lear, Shakespeare's version was in 1606, and it drew heavily on a play from
 1594.
 That's crazy, isn't it?
 The play was for the true Chronicle history of the life and death of King Lear and his
 three daughters.
 But that guy's still going to be alive, probably.
 He's still alive.
 He's still alive.
 I mean, that is, like, remaking die hard.
 That was about 30 years ago.
 This is about half the time from die hard till now.
 Yeah, but die hard too was much closer than that.
 Yeah, but it wasn't a remake by people.
 I don't think he did.
 Did the die hard makers sue the makers of die hard too?
 I was stealing the hide.
 Actually, what about Mary Poppins, they were about to redo that, aren't they?
 Or maybe they just have?
 That's true.
 That's controversial.
 And that was about 50 years ago, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 So people are saying that's too soon.
 So maybe this is why he had to kill off all the characters, so that it wasn't too close
 to the original that he could be sued.
 Maybe.
 Do you think you can do that, just take any of the show, any other movie and make it exactly
 the same, but at the end just kill off all the characters?
 Yeah.
 What's the good film from early 2000s?
 I think we should just rewrite all 10 series of friends.
 Last episode.
 Everyone dies.
 Everyone dies.
 Do you know the reason why Nahem Tate changed the ending?
 They were all little sunflowers.
 No, what is it?
 What's it called?
 Snowflakes.
 Snowflakes.
 That's what we are in the summer with Snowflakes in the winter.
 Exactly.
 Snowflakes.
 Snowflakes.
 Snowflakes.
 Snowflakes, aren't they?
 Kind of, but I think it's because the players about the king being usurped.
 And when Nahem Tate was writing it was the 1680s, which is Charles II is on the throne.
 He's a bit sore about his father being executed and usurped.
 So Restoration Theatre was quite careful with various themes like that.
 Wow.
 And didn't they stop doing King Lear in George III's time?
 Oh, really?
 Because he was mentally ill, let's put it that way.
 But he read King Lear and had a bout of mental illness after having read King Lear.
 Really?
 And they put him in a straight jacket and tied him down and he was described as agitated
 and confused and he ended up in bed for weeks afterwards, because he'd read King Lear.
 And I don't know how the thought that it was to do with him.
 Wow.
 Maybe it's a dangerous book.
 Samuel Johnson didn't like it, even though he published one of those several times.
 No, Kangaroos in it.
 No, no Kangaroos.
 No, I didn't do an impression of the Mad King as well.
 And no, he read the whole thing with only Kangaroos' character.
 I genuinely have a fact about that.
 Oh, my God.
 In 2014, there was an English playwright who staged a version of King Lear called King Lear
 with sheep, which features one human character and then about nine sheep.
 And he's trying to direct a King Lear.
 The character in the play is trying to direct King Lear with sheep.
 And they disobey him.
 And he goes mad and starts acting out the narrative himself.
 And she said, "I wanted to use the idea of non-cooperative actors to explore the themes
 of King Lear, because there's a big scene where Cordelia doesn't do anything when she's
 told to."
 And she also said, "It's cheaper than paying actual actors."
 Okay, I've got a fact about that, which is kind of linked, which is that Neham Tate,
 as well as doing this play, he also wrote the song, "While Shepherds watch their flocks."
 Wow.
 Which is the earliest English Carol written that we're still singing the original words
 of.
 And he would have loved this new relation.
 I should just say to finish off the Samuel Johnson thing, for those sheep redirected us,
 he said that King Lear really troubled him, so it caused him extreme discomfort.
 And even though he published his edition in 1765, he found the death of Cordelia so upsetting
 that he never ever read it again.
 He refused to read it again.
 And that his editor was literally like, "You have to look at these pages to work out
 what we're going to cut."
 Because he said it was so traumatic.
 Wow.
 Really, Victorians found Shakespeare very horrible.
 We wrote a lot of them.
 I mean, would it make me think of you talking about like sensitivity to kings being overthrown?
 Do you know the movie "Doctor Strange Love?"
 I know it hadn't.
 They filmed an alternate ending, so it ends with a big sort of dog strain of getting out
 of his wheelchair and miraculously walking, and then the world blows up.
 But there was a filmed custard pie fight in the war, and there are photos of it.
 You can Google it, and you can see Peter says everyone throwing cream pies at each other.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, that sounds great.
 And he effectively went with the Shakespeare ending, didn't he?
 Were everyone dice?
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 I did a little work on "Mayhem Tate."
 Oh, yeah.
 You know, his father was called "Faithful Teet."
 Wow.
 Wow.
 I mean, that's a strong name, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Faithful Teet.
 That's also the name of one of the goats that went around the world.
 Yeah.
 And then I guess he changed his name.
 He didn't want to be called "Teet" anymore, so "Mayhem Tate Master" changed it.
 But he was a big deal.
 He was poet laureate.
 Was it?
 No, I mean, "Teet" was, as well, I think.
 Oh, sorry.
 That's what I mean, "Mayhem Tate" was.
 Yeah.
 "Washepers Watched Their Flogs By Night."
 For the next century, it was the only carol that was allowed in Church of England,
 ceremonies or services.
 Really?
 They hated carols.
 But this was just religious enough to kind of pass master.
 But at Christmas, would you do the thing where you sing eight carols, but you just had
 to sing "Washepers Watched Their Flogs By Night."
 Eight times.
 Yeah, like a carol service will be just the same thing all the time.
 And if you'll now turn your pages to carol number five, "Washepers Watched."
 And the only change that's been made over the last 300 years, according to Wikipedia,
 this is.
 And the only change that's been made has been changing the word from wilds to wild, so
 from wilds to shepherds.
 And the other changes where they changed it to "Washepers Watched Their Socks."
 That was the other one of cars, but.
 That was the original.
 Tite de San Dronecus was also changed.
 In Tite de San Dronecus in 1850, there's this big rape scene where a woman has a tongue
 cut out and her hands cut off and it's to prevent her spilling the names of her attackers.
 And that was all completely edited.
 There was a version of Hamla where a failure dies from accidental drowning, because it was
 thought to be too upsetting that it was suicide.
 But I think people are often saying that we're a bit too pathetic now, but too snowflakey.
 It was Baudler who did the accidental drowning, wasn't it, from whom we get Baudler right?
 It's a really cool fan theory about him, it's just a theory, actually, I don't know why you say it.
 About Baudler?
 Yeah, so he published this thing called "The Family Shakespeare," because he was saying
 that all families can read together.
 So if you're reading out to your children, you don't want to read a rape scene where
 some of us get the tongue cut out and hands cut off, which is kind of reasonable.
 So there's also lots of naughty stuff, you know, there are characters who are prostitutes
 and all that had to go.
 But there's a theory that it wasn't the Reverend Thomas Baudler who did most of the cutting,
 it was his sister.
 She did most of the cutting and she produced the first version.
 But Baudler claimed to have written it so that his sister didn't have to publicly admit
 that she had understood the root bits.
 That's so funny, maybe.
 Wow.
 When he was 40, just over 40, Baudler married a lady called Elizabeth Frevenon and it was
 such a bad marriage that they split up quite quickly and nobody in the family was ever
 allowed to mention Elizabeth's name ever again.
 So his whole life was Baudlerized basically.
 Wow.
 That's awesome.
 That's great.
 God, he was very free and easy with editing.
 Basically, isn't he?
 The editing is live out of the life.
 Queen Victoria said she'd never had the courage to see the Mary Wives of Windsor.
 She wrote to her daughter who was a Shakespeare fan.
 She never had the courage to see it because she'd always been told how very cool it was.
 And it's very boring.
 I've never read or seen that one.
 There's a thing.
 People say that he wrote it in nine days and I'll be honest, I'm staggered.
 It took him that long to write that way.
 Isn't the least good I've ever read.
 Maybe she just thought it was really dull but didn't want to upset Shakespeare fans.
 I said I've heard it's too rude.
 Yeah, she didn't she found him but too close for her taste generally.
 There have been 24 opera's based on Romeo and Juliet.
 The earliest is called Romeo and Juliet, which is quite cool and that has a happy ending.
 And also if you go on fanfic.com and look for some fanfiction on Romeo and Juliet, there
 is a thing called Romeo and Juliet happy ending.
 And at the end it's just it's like a final scene of Romeo and Juliet and it says days become
 days and years become years and one day Freya Lawrence gets a letter saying that Juliet had
 died in a sleep and later that year he gets the same letter from the Montague's that Romeo
 has died in his sleep.
 That's a nice ending isn't it?
 But he's substantially older than both of those characters isn't it?
 So they've still died quite young.
 Yeah.
 I just got one more thing about modern day, about modern day kind of censorship.
 And prudishness.
 So did you see the Cambridge University put trigger warnings on lots of it Shakespeare lectures?
 And people got really exercised about this.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Just for like some flowers who couldn't really do.
 Some flowers.
 Yeah.
 So I think this is why this conversation article came out.
 It was saying don't worry people have always done this, but if you take English literature
 at Cambridge, then if you go to a lecture for instance on Titus Andronicus or in fact
 on Euripides the Back Eye, that's another one that has them, then you get a little one
 of those exclamation marks in a red triangle at the end of the lecture, which is to say this
 might contain some traumatic themes.
 Oh my god.
 Yeah.
 If you have been troubled by any of the themes in Titus Andronicus.
 You've had a rough old life actually.
 Yeah.
 That is tough.
 If your sons have been baked in a pie.
 Okay, let's move on to fact number three.
 That is Andy's fact.
 My fact is that some advertisers have started putting single pixels on mobile phones ads
 so you think it's dust, try to wipe it off and accidentally click on the advert.
 It is.
 It's genius.
 That is so good.
 Yeah.
 So I've only found one advertiser that's done this.
 There's a great article on Medium called 52 Things I Learned This Yeah, and this is one
 of the 52 things.
 But it doesn't really work, right?
 I read another article I think it was.
 I'm not sure where I read this, but basically they said if you get paid for every time someone
 taps on it, then it works, but if you're trying to get actual sales, then it pisses people
 off so much that people end up not buying stuff.
 I guess they must be thinking the product is so good that someone will end up buying it.
 And what was the product?
 Oh, I can't remember, I'm afraid.
 I do know another one who's done a really similar thing.
 There's a Chinese trainer manufacturer and they've put a thing that looks like a hair across
 their advert and you swipe to get rid of the hair and you go straight to their website.
 Yeah.
 I got banned from Instagram, didn't I?
 Apparently, it violated Instagram's policies and was removed and they Instagram shut down
 the entire brand's account.
 Wow.
 Because of that.
 Yeah.
 I can't believe it's not counterproductive.
 I like you say.
 It's just so irritating.
 There was a study a few years ago that found that 50% of ad clicks on phones are accidental.
 I'm surprised.
 I'm surprised.
 I'm surprised it's not low.
 I don't think I've ever intentionally clicked on one.
 What phone is so smashed up that if there was something that looks a bit like a hair, you
 would never see it.
 No, absolutely not.
 This bit would not work on me at all.
 The thing it reminded me of is, and I was desperately looking for like a source for it,
 but it's something my American grandmother told me and I've heard it mentioned on an American
 podcast as well that in the old days when you were making a telephone call and you call
 into the exchange, you could choose which company would carry your call, so which one
 would get your money, right?
 Really?
 Wow.
 The most common answer was, you know, I don't care whatever, whichever one you choose.
 And so people started phone companies called, I don't care, it doesn't matter whatever you
 want.
 And they'd rake in this sort of extreme.
 Incredible.
 Yeah, it's genius.
 Do you know on the internet, if you click on a naughty site, you might get a whole load
 of pop-ups, right?
 All right.
 Lots of pop-up things.
 Oh, you do know that.
 The one.
 I'm afraid about it.
 If people with pornographers digest it, yeah.
 They're called "Pornados" or "PonStombs".
 This is a phrase coined by John C. Dvořák, who is the nephew of the guy who invented the
 Dvořák Keyboard, which is like a Quarty Keyboard, but it's supposed to be slightly better
 than the Quarty Keyboard.
 That's a step down, isn't it, in far the sun, invention in terms?
 Yeah.
 Well, Dvořák, he writes a lot about computers and he said that the recent Apple's Macintosh
 computer would not be successful is because it uses a pointing device called a mouse.
 And there is no evidence that people want to use these things.
 And then he wrote about Steve Jobs.
 Maybe when the smoke clears, we will have heard the last of Steve Jobs as guru, CEO, visionary.
 He'll go the way of the pet rock, electric carving knives, silly putty, tiny Tim and the
 three-tone paint job.
 That's not really rough on tiny Tim.
 Yeah.
 A load of African products and then one of the most heart-rending characters on a literature.
 So big.
 Squashed up next to silly putty.
 I can only imagine maybe tiny Tim as something else in America, right?
 I guess so.
 Probably like a failed product or something.
 But like, you know, it'll go the way of C. Monkeys, nasal hair trimmers and Jude the Obscure.
 That's a weird spoon.
 Do you know why pop-up ads were originally conceived?
 No.
 It was because advertisers didn't want to be associated with dodgy website content.
 So it's kind of the opposite of problems that websites have now, where sometimes dodgy
 adverts pop-up on them.
 So they were invented by a guy called Mr. Zuckerman in the 1990s.
 And it was because a car company got upset because it bought a banner advert on a page that
 happened to be about anal sex, which they thought wasn't on brand for their car company.
 It's unlikely to be on brand for any car company.
 Not exactly.
 There's so little overlap there.
 And so he made pop-up ads to kind of distinguish them from each other.
 And he says that he was wrong with sales.
 It's just a kind of sex.
 I know.
 It's the way you say a page that happened to be about it.
 By chance, it was an anal sex theme page.
 They exist.
 I suppose so.
 They're out there.
 Hang on.
 The car adverts were popping up on this themed page.
 Yeah.
 It was all sorts of things popping up.
 They weren't up for it.
 So he designed this pop-up thing, which is supposed to say, look, this pop-up has nothing
 to do with the content of this web page.
 But he's really apologised for it now.
 He says he feels terribly guilty, because he knows that pop-ups are the most annoying thing
 on the internet.
 But his intentions were good.
 He didn't want cars to be associated with sexual positions.
 So other stupid creative ways of advertising?
 Domino's this year, advertised in potholes.
 So this is the thing where they've now got a sideline in fixing potholes on roads across
 America.
 And you can actually request that they come and fix your pothole if you're in America.
 And I think it's an advertising campaign.
 Otherwise, they're just really good guys.
 But it's called paving for pizza.
 And they partner with various local administrations and say, hey, have you got any potholes that need
 doing?
 And they send out their pizza delivery guys who do a sideline in kind of tarmac filling.
 And then they fill in the potholes.
 And then they fill in the pothole with little Domino's pizza logo.
 I'm sorry.
 It's not very long lasting at all.
 Wow.
 That's quite good, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 That's a good idea.
 So they get their logo on the road.
 But everyone gets flat roads.
 So everyone's a winner.
 Wow.
 Apart from the other pizza manufacturers.
 Yeah.
 Papa John is furious.
 The justification was that potholes damaged pizzas.
 So they're actually saving the pizzas because on the way, they'll get bumped up and down.
 They actually put a GoPro inside a pizza box.
 And how people watch the traumatic journey they have to go through to make it to their destination.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 OKFC advertises on fire hydrants.
 They do this.
 I think a couple of years ago, they'll pay people to let them fix their fire hydrants if they're
 broken.
 They do this in Indianapolis.
 So they paid, I think, $5,000 to say, can we fix your fire hydrant?
 And the town was like, yeah, great.
 And then they sort of put some KFC advertising on top of it.
 But they do also fill up the fire hydrant with chicken.
 But then all the fire smelled delicious.
 You don't mind burning to a crisp with a delicious smell of KFC all around you.
 OK, onto our final fact of the week.
 And that is James' Facts.
 OK, my fact this week is that one of the most popular celebrities in London in 1860,
 was an oyster who could whistle.
 One of the most popular is so exciting.
 Also, who could whistle?
 Not that good.
 It was a person.
 Well, once you whistle, you get a person heard, I think.
 I think so.
 It didn't have a name, a bit like that goat, actually, yeah, thinking about it.
 But yeah, so, I mean, what is the most popular?
 I'm saying it's the most popular because a lot of people want to see it.
 Yeah.
 It was in Panto.
 That's quite popular.
 But this is a guy called George Perks, P-E-A-R-K-E-S.
 And he was an Oysterman and a dealer in Spruce Ginger Beer and British wines.
 So he's a wine seller and an Oyster seller.
 And he was sleeping in his house.
 And he was kept awake every night by this whistle.
 He was.
 He really was.
 He really was.
 And so he thought that it was a policeman who was walking past every day whistling.
 So anyway, so the whistling got louder and louder and then eventually he'd buy he was
 being burgled, he said, presumably by a whistling burglar.
 I don't know why I burglar would whistle, but yeah, he did that.
 And eventually he went downstairs with a pistol to get this burglar.
 And he found out that the source of the sound was one of his oysters.
 And it seems that what might have happened is that the oyster had a little hole in it.
 And whenever it was filtering food, so moving the water backwards and forwards, it was making
 the whistling sound.
 Right.
 And as soon as this became well known, it was mentioned in punch and a few other things.
 Suddenly everyone came round and wanted to see this oyster that could whistle.
 And even William Makepeace Thackery went to see it and wrote about it.
 And he said that he was there when an American gentleman declared that the oyster could
 not hold a candle to one he knew of in Massachusetts that could whistle Yankee Doodle from beginning
 to end.
 No, he could.
 I don't think that one's dreaming.
 But there is definitely was this oyster in 1860 and it was famous and it was in London and
 it could whistle.
 That's amazing.
 It's mad.
 Sorry, I've been reading a book by Thackray.
 So the idea of this literary hero going to see the whistling oyster on his day off is incredible.
 Can you see the influence of the whistling oyster on the kind of plot and themes of that?
 Very much.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 I imagine having that guy working as your PR man because that is an unbelievable PR trick
 to claim you got a whistling oyster managed to get half of London to come and see it.
 That's amazing.
 Why they, why, how boring was life?
 Life was hard.
 Yeah.
 But with, I mean, if there was a, this was in Covent Garden, right, which is where we are now.
 If there was 100 meters away, there was a whistling oyster, which you'd read about in a magazine.
 Are you telling me as a QI researcher that you wouldn't be curious enough to go and see
 it?
 I do get pretty desperate to get away from you guys.
 I might go and see it.
 I don't, do people pay?
 They didn't pay.
 Only with their time.
 They didn't pay that, but it meant that it got people into his shop.
 And then the oyster, like I said, made a cameo appearance in a pantomime staged at Dory Lane
 in 1860.
 That's incredible.
 Who did he play?
 Doug Lysington.
 He mostly played some whistle and character with a shell.
 It would be really funny, though, to dress the oyster up in a big costume, wouldn't it?
 It would be amazing for a little bindle over his shoulder.
 Yeah.
 In the 1830s, just on paying for attractions, in the 1830s, you could pay a shilling to see
 a vase.
 Good.
 Could it even whistle?
 I didn't even whistle.
 Maybe if you blew into it the right way.
 It was the Royal Clarence vase.
 It was made for King George IV.
 Took work as three years, which is too long to make it one vase.
 And in fact, it should, you can go and see it.
 Wow.
 Didn't even have flowers in it.
 What was on it?
 I don't know. It was made partly of gold and glass and an amul.
 I remember I paid.
 I paid 20 quid to go and see Damien Hurst's skull, which had diamonds on it.
 That's not much worse than that, is it?
 No, you're right.
 You're a dupe.
 Oh.
 I've got another famous oyster.
 This is from the Sailor's magazine of 1840, which I've not checked how reliable it is
 in general.
 But this is what they say. There's a gentleman from Christchurch in Salisbury who keeps a pet
 oyster of the largest and finest breed.
 It has proved itself an excellent mouser, having already killed five mice by crushing the
 heads of such as tempted by it as a meal.
 They had the temerity to intrude their noses within his bivalvular clutches and then
 he crushed their heads.
 So that's not true, is it?
 What's at the Sailor's newsletter, Sailor's magazine at the Sailor's 1840?
 Yeah, it doesn't sound very true, does it?
 Yeah, I think you have checked it and you've found it to be one thing, terms of truthfulness.
 New Orleans, there used to be an act, just trying to find things about celebrities and
 oysters.
 Yeah.
 So there used to be an act in New Orleans.
 This is actually a lady who was Elvis Presley's cousin, she was called Kitty West.
 And she had an act called Evangeline the Oyster Girl in the 1940s which was a striptease
 which began in an enormous and slowly opening oyster shell.
 Oh, wow.
 So like that, is it butter-chelly painting where she's inside a huge clam?
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 Exactly like that.
 But how did she make the shell open?
 Because you have to get professional shuckers to be able to open an oyster shell.
 I think it was a professional shucker by the side.
 That's a lever.
 I was looking for entertainers like the Oyster that we might have found around Covent Garden.
 And as you could have seen in 1830s, Spelterini and his living ass.
 And there's a poster of him and he looks incredible.
 So what he did is he had a ladder in his teeth and at the top of a ladder was a donkey.
 And in his two hands, he held 56 pound weights.
 So he was balancing a donkey on the top of a ladder held in his mouth.
 Wow.
 I'm kind of impressed by the donkey as well, being able to stay at the top of a ladder.
 Yeah, it was pretty chilled out, donkey, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He was incredible.
 So apparently there was a liver puddleian guy called Sam Wilde who did the same thing when
 they were knobbing the crowd, which is the name for passing around the hat.
 Of course it is.
 Yeah, sure.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And they'd say, oh, we've got to have just one more shilling laser gentleman then up goes
 the donkey.
 That is amazing.
 That's a quick thinking performer who's been cheating on his wife.
 I was knobbing the crowd with like, which is when we had around the hat, of course.
 Amazing that you had one guy who's doing that and he was obviously so popular that another
 guy decided I'm going to do that exact same thing.
 How hard could it be?
 It's like the guy's in Yoda mask, isn't it?
 It's like a much more impressive version of that.
 Yeah.
 It's like a square.
 You frequently have three or four guys in Yoda masks.
 You do.
 And similarly with them and with this guy, you think they'd just do one little twist,
 maybe have a goat, not a donkey, maybe have a Gandalf mask, not a yoga mask.
 Brinds got talent.
 Would have been amazing back in the old days.
 It really would.
 If today there was a guy in Brinds got talent who had 56 pound weights in either hand and
 a donkey on a ladder in his teeth, he would win for me the final immediately.
 But really you need to kind of diversify for the later rounds, don't you?
 Because you can't just turn up and do the same thing again.
 Can you?
 I've never watched it, but I assume they do different things.
 I guess you must.
 The tragedy of Brinds got talent because this guy deserves to win forever.
 But you could dumb it down so you could start by holding a chair with a cat on it.
 So one thing you mentioned a policeman and whistles and I just I did wonder when about
 that, what did they use, what do we use before whistles, right?
 And it might it might become a knowledge, but in the design of the police whistle came
 in in like 1883 and it was out of a competition, a guy called Joseph Hudson, but before that
 they had hand rattles, the police.
 Really?
 That's really good.
 Like soccer referees use whistles, but before that they used to just wave hanker chains
 or something.
 Yeah.
 And, but that's he also designed a referee whistle.
 Really?
 And then he also made something called the Acme Thunderer, which is a pea whistle.
 Oh, I've got, you've got a, my parents have one in the house, an Acme Thunderer.
 Yeah.
 Really?
 Have they kept you in check?
 Yes.
 No, I was too much of a sunflower for that.
 It was a wave to hanker chief of me when I was being naughty.
 And you're not supposed to eat oysters in a month with the letter R, are you?
 That's an old.
 Yeah.
 But it seems kind of possibly probably quite true.
 Certainly in the olden days where shellfish would spoil in the heat because they are months
 and mostly in the, in the summer, but also that usually is a spawning season.
 So, must the energy goes towards reproduction?
 Yeah, it's because when they go into their spawning seasons in your arm months, then they
 basically turn completely into gonads.
 They are fully made of testicles and ovaries, so all oyster tissue transforms when they're
 spawning into reproductive organs is like all of yourself just turning into a bunch of
 testicles.
 That's incredible.
 That's quite, I mean, that would make the dating scene a lot easier, wouldn't it?
 Because you wouldn't know if someone was upset.
 Yeah.
 They turned into a testicle.
 You still want to make sure you're in attractive enough testicle over it, with a good enough sense
 of humour.
 That's really, let's get you into an uber shall we?
 Manhandling, you'd testicle into the boot.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 We'll be back again next week with another four facts, and in the meantime, you can catch us
 on our Twitter feeds or you can catch these guys on their Twitter feed.
 So James is on.
 That's James Harkin.
 Andy's on.
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 Ed is.
 At Fox Tosser.
 The look of pain on your face when you knew you had to say it, but you made that for yourself.
 No, I didn't.
 My publisher did.
 That's fair enough.
 You can get me on podcast at qi.com and you can listen to all our previous episodes by
 going to know such things at fish.com, you can go to qi.com/fishevents to get tickets for
 our tour.
 And also, there's loads of information on that, such thing as a fish site on our book.
 And what's your book called then?
 Called the Golden Atlas.
 And you can get that in bookshops presumably.
 Everywhere I've been.
 Everywhere.
 All over the world.
 It is a beautiful book.
 You should definitely get it as soon as you've got ours, obviously, or by them at once.
 And we'll be back again next week.
 See you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 (upbeat music)
