 [ I can't wait to get back to the recording ]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin, and once again
 we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven
 days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that when the world's largest bottle of wine sprung a leak this
 year, the owner called the local fire department who stopped the spillage with sandbags.
 Wow, how big are we talking?
 We're talking big.
 It was 9.8 feet tall, 2.6 tonnes in weight, and 1,590 litres, which is about the equivalent
 of 2,000 bottles of wine.
 If we lived in a truly circular recycling economy, then they would have gone, solved the
 wine problem, retained the wine and used it to put out their next fire.
 Well, they could have done that, apart from the wine is still drinkable.
 Believe it or not.
 Not the stuff they squeegeed off the floor.
 Well, it depends on your standards, right?
 That's true.
 So, they took this bottle of wine and they got all the stuff off the floor, and then they
 took the wine from the bottle and put it into barrels, and they've checked it, they took
 it to a winery to test, and it's been deemed fit for consumption, and they're going to sell
 it by the glass at an upcoming event.
 Cool.
 That's going to take some ages, isn't it?
 So, why did they build it in the first place?
 Well, they build it because people like building large things.
 It was just like a publicity stunt, I suppose.
 It was sold to a Chinese restaurant in Austria, and they had it on display.
 It was in a giant climate controlled glass chamber, really cool, so it was like a big fridge,
 and they think that's where the problem came from.
 They think the electricity went off, and so when it was not as heated, then wine expands,
 or liquids expand in a bottle when the temperatures are changed, and they think that's what led
 to the leaking.
 Was it got cooler in it?
 No, it got warmer, so it was in the fridge, and it got warmer, so it expanded, and it pushed
 the cork up, and left a little bit of a gap where the wine could come out.
 Yeah.
 And I guess they brought the fire department, because they were a bit scared about what was
 going to happen.
 They couldn't tell where it was leaking from to begin with.
 Well, it's a big lot of glass, and they were worried it might explode.
 Exactly, so it could have just shattered onto them, and that's a lot of less than a restaurant.
 If you order a glass of wine out of this bottle, they have a sort of bodybuilder who has to
 come and pour it.
 How does that work?
 Yeah.
 I think the idea was that the wine in the big bottle was probably never supposed to be
 drunk.
 It was just a display thing.
 But then once it started leaking out, they were like, "Oh, I'm going to have to drink it
 now."
 It's like, you know, when you have a bottle of wine in your fridge, and suddenly the electricity
 goes off, and you're like, "Well, I'm going to have to drink all the wine in the fridge
 now.
 That's a thing, James."
 I don't think so.
 I've had a lot of electricity problems in my house recently.
 So, yeah.
 So you were mentioning another rival bottle of wine.
 Okay, yeah, I forgot about that.
 This has the Guinness World Record for being the largest filled glass wine bottle, but when
 I was doing the research for this fact, I found another one in Switzerland that was wavy.
 Like, way, way bigger.
 And so I can only think there's some technicality that it's not made of glass, because I couldn't
 quite tell from the images, or maybe it wasn't full of wine.
 Right, right, right.
 I couldn't really tell.
 So these giant bottles of wine, they are a thing, but I didn't know that most of the wine
 on earth is transported in giant bottles, or a huge amount of it, yeah.
 So I, okay, I didn't know this, and then I told a few people who are a generation older
 than me, and they all knew it.
 So maybe this is a generational thing.
 But loads of wine, when it's shipped, it's not shipped in bottles, it's shipped in bulk
 tankers.
 Did you guys know this?
 Do you mean like a petrol tanker?
 Kind of.
 Yeah, really.
 Like in a shipping container.
 But obviously a special container, they don't just pour it into a shipping container and
 then see it up.
 But basically, a 45% of the wine imported into the UK arrives not in a bottle.
 It arrives in these massive containers.
 The crappier wine, right?
 Because I think if you're getting the really hardcore good Sather France stuff, then it's
 bottled in the place.
 It's quite a lot, though.
 I mean, they bottle so much here, and they have labels, which are from, you know, overseas
 wines, just here that they put on.
 So there's a place in South Helsingland called Avenmouth, and Avenmouth, near the Muth of
 the River Aven, Aven Muth.
 Okay, anyway.
 They've got...
 They have a hangar there, which is the size of 12 football pitches, and it's owned by a firm
 who are a specialist bottleer, and they fill up 720,000 bottles of wine there alone every
 day.
 They believe that, and the wine arrives in these massive plastic bladders, basically, they're
 called flexitanks, right?
 And then they have a special pump and tilt system, they call it, to get the last 150 litres
 out of each bladder.
 Is that when you're sort of shaking to get the jugs out?
 Basically.
 And do you have to get it directly into the bottles?
 That must be quite difficult.
 Do you submerge the bottles and get into the bottles?
 I don't know.
 How do you do it?
 I don't know.
 It must be a tap, it's probably a tap, it's probably a tap test, I don't know.
 But these bags are then soaked with wine, because they're obviously, you know, liquid proof
 on the outside, but on the inside, they're completely soaked with wine, but those bags
 are then shredded and turned into traffic cones.
 No way.
 And that's why traffic cones are like R&G red and colour.
 Exactly.
 Not like that.
 No, not maybe not.
 It is maybe why drunk people are drawn to traffic cones, because they didn't know at some level.
 It's another hit.
 That's amazing.
 That's really cool.
 Yeah, that's very cool.
 That's like the kind of inheritor of butlers, because butlers are originally bottleers,
 right?
 That's, I didn't know that was where that comes from.
 Oh, it's a bottleier.
 It was the King's bottleer who would bottle up all his wine, and I suppose they're your
 modern-day butlers, an even myth.
 You know that from 1636 to 1860, it was illegal to sell wine by the bottle in the UK.
 You would go to the shop and you'd have your own bottle with your initials on it, and they
 would fill it up and they'd work out how much you'd bought and by volume and you'd pay
 by volume.
 And the reason was wine bottle making was kind of quite common in the 17th century, but
 not until the 19th century could you make it so they were all the same size.
 So duplicitous shopkeepers might kind of sell you a bottle, which is a lot smaller than
 the normal bottles, so that's why they made it illegal.
 That's going to be hard to hide your alcohol problem when you rock up with 10 bottles.
 Another big party, Mr. Schreiber?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Isn't that just the same as leaving the shop, I mean at least it was 10 bottles, which
 is what we do today.
 Exactly.
 How do you hide your alcohol problem normally if you're leaving the supermarket with 10
 bottles of wine every day?
 I've got it mustache.
 You've got a full facial beard, how is it mustache going to happen?
 I know.
 It's so distracting.
 They're like, whoa, that guy's weird.
 Let's not question his story.
 I'm kind of annoyed with wine bottles, though, having done the research for this fact.
 Go on.
 Nice of them.
 Well, they're so inefficient.
 They're so heavy.
 Yeah.
 Most of them are made from green glass, which is quite hard to recycle, and also we import
 so much and bottle so much here that actually even if you recycle it, it's quite hard to find
 uses for all of it.
 Well, you can get, or you could get paper wine bottles, which are an answer to this, cause-
 I read about those.
 Yeah, but it's kind of sad because it was in 2014, wasn't it, that they start, they've sort
 of went global with them, this company, and they're made from compressed recycled paper,
 and so they're incredibly light, and they, so they weighed 65 grams, which is a seventh
 of a wine bottle, of a wine bottle's empty, and then they had the little sort of bagging
 inside, you get inside box wine, and really quickly the company unfolded.
 Very clever.
 So that was a real shame.
 Was that intentional though, that when you said folded?
 It was, but I stole it, so, yeah, but it did the company fold it.
 Okay, you could have said crumbles, like that common phrase, the company crumbles.
 That's the way the company crumbles, as they all say.
 Do you know who is known as the father of the modern bottle?
 Ooh.
 Is it someone famous who we will have heard of?
 It's someone not famous who you will have heard of.
 Oh, who we will.
 Is it someone who's around around Guy Fork's area?
 Quite close to Guy Fork's, one generation away from Guy Fork's area.
 Is it everyone dig me?
 It's not.
 But it's someone I was confused with him.
 It's Kennell.
 Kennell's son.
 Kennell's son.
 Kennell's dig me.
 Wow.
 They're back.
 The dig me is a back.
 For anyone just listening.
 This is a four-year callback.
 I really have to put the hours in to be having a good time now.
 Okay, so, ever had dig me, who was the gunpowder plotter, his son was a Kennell
 dig bee and he kind of came up with ways of making really good glass because he was an alchemist
 and he was like taking stuff.
 Really feel like you're going to say alcoholic.
 And he was like adding metals and oxides to his son and making it really, really hard to
 make in really good glass and he could make darker glass as well which would make the wine
 not spoil as quickly.
 Yeah.
 So that's a high achieving family, the dig bees, weren't they?
 I've found a story about, so this fact is about wine leaking out.
 I'm losing precious wine.
 I found a story similar to this.
 In Canada, there's a company called Mission Hill, they make wine.
 And they had an employee called Brent Crosio and he was a sellummon, so he worked inside
 the factory and for years his job was blending wines and he was transferring them between tanks.
 He accidentally left a valve open when he wasn't meant to.
 As a result, 5,680 liters of subion blanc spilled to the ground and went down a drain.
 So it cost them $162,500.
 He was fired, obviously, for losing that amount, but it's not the first time he did it.
 So back 18 months earlier, he left a valve open and he flushed 11,000 liters of wine down
 a drain and they gave him a second chance.
 But it does sound to me like there's someone in that drain with a massive bladder.
 It's like an accomplice, doesn't it?
 You're right, it's a con job, yeah.
 Did you guys see the story?
 Remember the story last year that Tweet that was put out by Hawkesmore restaurant in Manchester,
 which was to the customer who accidentally got given a bottle of chateau, a pound pommel
 roll, 2001, which is £4,500 on our menu last night, hope you enjoy your evening.
 To the member of staff who accidentally gave it away, chin up, one of mistakes happened,
 we love you anyway.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 What a good employer.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 Has that happened again since, though?
 He's been fired.
 Yeah, I remember basically how that must have been.
 But the thing is, a lot of enjoying wine they've shown is if you know it's more expensive,
 you like it more, right?
 And if you're thinking you're buying the 399 bottle of wine on the Hawkesmore menu, which
 I don't know if they go down that low, but if you think you're buying the cheap one,
 you get the expensive one.
 You might not enjoy it as much.
 No, they probably would have, I mean, no one can be good enough to surely be, to be,
 I can't differentiate anything above about eight or ten quid, basically.
 Okay.
 But have you ever tasted the 4,500?
 Do you never know that might be such a explosion?
 Yeah, I have one every other week, and I can't taste the difference.
 Line testing.
 This massive bottle of wine that I talked about at the start, you could, if you had drank
 one bottle of wine to yourself every day since we started this podcast six years ago,
 also, you'd just be draining the bottom of the bottle now.
 That's a great cup of wine, and you would, you would need it after listening to this
 six years.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that when Michelangelo sculpted David, the town mayor told him that
 the nose was too big, so Michelangelo picked up some dust, climbed to the top of the statue,
 sprinkled the dust down, and claimed they had fixed it.
 So was he making like sculpting noises while he was doing that?
 Yeah, he must have been, right?
 He went even further, he went even more method, he did take up a hammer and chisel and stuff.
 So this is in 1504, and it was when David was just being displayed in Florence, it was revealed.
 And Pietro Sotarini was the town's sort of mayor chief, anyway, Sotarini said probably
 displaying his artistic appreciation, you know, I think the nose is a bit outproportant
 with the rest of the rest of the thing, isn't it?
 You want to go up and fix it.
 And Michelangelo, everyone was surprised at the time, because Michelangelo was very touchy
 and really just like criticism.
 And but he said, yeah, absolutely, I'm so sorry, absolutely right, it's enormous.
 And so he picked up a hammer and a chisel and secretly a handful of dust, climbed to the
 top, pretended to chip away at it, and then Sotarini went, that's absolutely perfect.
 He nailed it, stopped there, came back down again.
 This is like the wine tasting thing with the prices.
 Absolutely.
 If you've told something is better.
 You believe it.
 Do you believe it?
 Do we know that this fact is completely true?
 Well, it comes from this amazing book, which is sort of the foundational book of all art
 history, which is by George O. Vassari, and it's called The Lives of Most Excellent Painters,
 Sculptors and Architects, and yeah, so he's sort of founded art history, and it's incredible
 biographies of all the great artists up until them, or, you know, not all of them, but many
 of them, many of the Florentine ones, especially.
 And so there are a lot of facts, and very, very true.
 And then we think he had an eye for drama and liked to embellish, so he was friends with
 Michelangelo and he was.
 He was.
 But even this book, The Lives of the Artists, so the origin story of this book is that he
 was sitting at a dinner.
 This is in the 1500s at the Roman Palazzo with the Cardinal at the time, and the Cardinal
 was talking about a collection of paintings along with the other people, and he kept
 noticing they were getting dates wrong, and certain, they were attributing certain bits
 of art to different people.
 So he said that if someone was going to collect all this information together, they should
 have someone who knows it really well, and they suggested that he do it.
 So that was his sort of claim for it.
 And the reality is that two of the people he claimed that we're at the dinner with him
 had died already, and they don't think he was even in Rome at the time when that dinner
 was said to have happened.
 So he was someone who did have a bit of a sort of like bride-blessed or-
 Yeah, definitely the bride-blessed was day, maybe, because he also claimed that he rescued
 David at one point.
 So he was born, he was very young when David was sculpted, but in 1527 there were these
 massive riots in Florence, and one of the rioters was anti-Madeuchi riots, and one of the rioters
 threw a bench from a parapet, which knocked off David's arm.
 Through a bench.
 Yeah.
 Who was this, Goliath?
 Yes, it was arm came off, and Vassari says that he was a boy at the time, he was about 16,
 and he fought his way through these rioting, marauding crowds to rescue the various pieces
 of the arm.
 It can't be true.
 And take what's a safety.
 Actually, what they didn't say is that this was a miniature bench that are travelling
 salesmen had brought in.
 Wow, we're getting.
 Oh, I'm mega and cold.
 I love mixed episode.
 Cool back.
 I love it.
 He had a broken nose.
 Michael Angelo?
 Yeah.
 David, supposedly, did.
 Yes.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because he got into an argument with one of his friends or something.
 Is that right?
 His friend threw a bench at him.
 He was called Pietro Toregiano, and he was supposedly envious of Michelangelo's skills,
 and then, but he also had a very bad temper.
 So smashed him in the face, and he said, "I gave him such a blow on the nose that I felt
 bone and cartilage go down like biscuits beneath my knuckles."
 And this mark of mine, he will carry with him to the grave, but it basically screwed his
 life because everyone loved Michael Angelo, because Michael Angelo was with the Medici's
 at the time, wasn't he?
 So he had the protection of the people who ran everything.
 And so Toregiano had to leave Florence.
 He went all the way to England, where possibly he was hired by Henry VIII, and then he started
 sculpting nobles in England.
 And then wanted to go back to Florence to try and get some help, some students and stuff,
 but when he went back, no one would go with him because they remembered what he did to
 Michael Angelo.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 This is why you should bully and pick on people who are inferior to or smaller or less
 handed than you are, because if you pick on people above you, then you will reap the
 consequences, weren't you?
 Yeah, absolutely right.
 You're bullied league.
 It's going pretty well.
 It's going pretty well.
 Thanks, Andy.
 You're next, by the way.
 So I was looking for Michael Angelo, just what he looked like, and he's in the Sistine
 Chapel as a self-portrait, we think, which is, but it's not him as a person, it's not him
 looking healthy, it's him as a piece of flayed skin.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 So there's an image of the last judgment, there's one of the bits of the Sistine Chapel,
 and there's Saint Bartholomew trying to get into heaven and kind of get God's attention,
 so hey, I'm saying, let me in, and in one hand he's holding a knife, and in one hand he's
 holding his own flayed skin, and it says he has got skin as well, so it's not clear when
 he grew this second skin.
 Well, you can't see him 360, presumably, so maybe it's off his back or something else.
 No, no, you can see it.
 It's the face.
 He's got, what is it saying is he's got two faces, it's not completely accurate.
 I see.
 Michael Angelo didn't paint a completely flayed Saint Bartholomew, because it might have been
 correct, but the hanging skin that this guy's clutching is Michael Angelo, and we know
 because he's got a little broken nose.
 But then again, if you break your nose, it's the bone that breaks, it's not the skin that
 breaks, and so how can you tell if you flay someone's skin, how can you tell if they've
 got a broken nose?
 That's a good point.
 That's true, that's a good point.
 So you knew nothing about anatomy, did he?
 But he used to paint sort of very buff people with an eight pack, as opposed to a six
 pack.
 Does that exist in eight pack?
 Yeah, it does.
 It's extremely rare.
 Oh, I can't, but it does exist.
 I've got one.
 Yeah, I've got one.
 We're not talking about cans of beer, though, I mean.
 Oh, I haven't got one, though.
 So six pack is your basic muscles of your abdomen, but a very small percentage of people
 do have eight muscles down there, and they think this is a clue as to who might have been
 one of his main people who he based his paintings and his sculptures off, because if you look
 at a lot of his sculptures, they all have this particular unusual anatomical thing.
 Well, in 2015, it helped to verify two pieces that they were tiny bronze statues that someone
 had claimed as Michelangelo's, and they said there's no way proving.
 They did years and years of research on it, and they had eight packs.
 They had sort of oddly shaped toes, which was another classic feature of Michelangelo's,
 and they confirmed them as a result of one of his other things.
 So toes, eight pack, what's another thing that might be classic Michelangelo?
 Tiny toger.
 No, but you're in the right area.
 Enormous.
 Stasticles.
 Anatomically correct pubic hair.
 Okay.
 Oh, no.
 Supposedly it's something that to look out for.
 Do you say bronze these are?
 Yeah, these are in bronze.
 That's a tough cast in bronze.
 Yeah.
 Very fine.
 Yeah.
 I mean, if you're doing pubic hair, I'd be surprised if it wasn't anatomically correct.
 Where are you going to put it on the belly button?
 As soon as you're choosing to do pubic hair, you're putting it over the pubic region, aren't
 you?
 It's classically an auto to have the pubic hair in the ears of the people you do.
 If he wanted to send someone a present, Michelangelo would send them 33 pairs of apples.
 Okay.
 33 pairs as a present.
 Okay.
 One for every year of Christ's life.
 Oh, okay.
 Okay.
 Do you know why he did that?
 One for every year.
 No, he's Christ's life.
 Okay.
 So I now understand the number, but I don't understand why that particular object.
 No, I don't know.
 Oh, I don't know.
 He was very stingy.
 I know that.
 I think he had a reputation for that.
 So maybe they were the cheapest thing around at the sign.
 Really?
 Apparently, he was kind of horrible, quite mean, but of a very difficult to work with, a terrible
 snob.
 And when he died, they found absolute fortune in his house because he was so penny-pinching
 throughout his life.
 He had just dockets in jars all over the house.
 He was very old.
 He was scruged.
 That's scrooge.
 That is scrooge, isn't it?
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 It's scrooge, but duck, isn't it?
 Like that?
 Kind of swimming in his own dockets.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 You're right.
 Scrooge muck duck it.
 Yeah.
 As you say, he was very rich.
 Do you know what his estimated worth was of all the stuff that grows on that, 1.6 million
 dockets?
 So 50,000 florins.
 Oh, great.
 There we go.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So James was bang on.
 50,000 florins.
 Yeah.
 So it's about 35 million in today's money.
 James, what?
 For an artist.
 That is...
 Well, he was one of the big ones, I suppose.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And he lived a long, old time, 88 is ancient for someone to get to, so I suppose...
 And he kept working as well.
 Yes, he did, didn't he?
 So he would have been getting royalties, I guess, from earlier works all the way through.
 Is a royalty system exist for that?
 Well, it's more kind of dukes, wasn't it, at the time, to have to joke about the Medici family.
 It's a very good, if you're an artist or an artist.
 Cool.
 I'll do some research and get back to you with one of my historians how they're absolutely
 crap.
 He apparently, despite all his wealth, was not into personal hygiene.
 There's a lot of legends about him, and George Iversari is one of the people to perpetuate
 a lot of those.
 So this is not from him, I don't believe, but another legend is that when he died, because
 he showered so little or bathed, so little, they had to peel his clothes off him, because
 he hadn't changed in so long, it had sort of congealed to his body.
 Yeah, it wasn't a very striptease ever.
 I'm your Michelangelo grant tonight, I'd be happy to feel my congealed clothes off my body,
 which is wait for me to die.
 Don't be shocked when you see where my pubic hair is.
 Jesus, I was upset not to go to your stagdool last weekend, Andy, but no, I'm saying
 I've got a bit of a lightly, okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that a plane was once built, which had nine wings.
 You would think it would have to be an even number?
 I know.
 I think this plane actually had 18 wings, but that is a controversial theory.
 Well, okay, explain what it is and we'll decide whether it's nine or 18.
 Alright, so this comes from an article on airspacemag.com, which is a great website about air and space.
 This plane was built in 1921, it was called the novoplano, and so you know how you have a normal
 plane, two wings, then you've got a biplane, which has two layers of wings, although that technically
 the top one only counts as one wing, supposedly, okay, so does a biplane have four wings or two?
 Okay, the novoplano was another level.
 It had three sets of wings front to back, and each one was three layers high.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So, like a biplane, but turn it into a triplane, and then do that three times.
 Yes.
 So, if you're going by a biplane logic, it just had six wings, right?
 No, no, because it had three decks.
 No, I know, but it didn't have...
 Three wings each.
 I know, but are you saying that a biplane has two wings?
 I thought you were saying that a biplane had three wings, because it's got two wings as
 a normal plane, and then it's got one at the top, which I thought he was saying that too,
 but he wasn't.
 He then confirmed that you think a biplane officially has two wings, because they count as one
 each.
 It's very weird.
 A monoplane has two wings, and so does a biplane.
 That's frustrating.
 I think then, by your logic, it doesn't matter how many layers up, it's still just one wing.
 No way.
 Okay, this plane has one wing.
 Stop trying to destroy the fact.
 It looks insane.
 It looks insane.
 I'm going to put a picture up on Twitter.
 I think you better have the one you've explained.
 So why do we not have this same plane taking us to, you know, Tenerife?
 Well, it crashed almost immediately.
 It's second-ever test flight.
 It crashed.
 I'm amazed it didn't crash on its first flight, just because it's so hard to land on water
 because it was a...
 What's a sea plane, though, right?
 It was a flying boat, which is slightly different to a sea plane.
 Is that about a floating plane or a flying boat, and they're different things?
 They are different things.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Is this about how they identify?
 Is it like the flying boat sees itself as mostly a boat?
 So the sea plane is, you know the one where Indiana Jones gets onto, it's got floats under
 its feet, right?
 Yes.
 So they land on water.
 On these feet, hey.
 On these things.
 Land on.
 Okay.
 We tried to get into there.
 Okay.
 Those are the planes which are basically look like the wearing massive shoes, okay?
 Because they float on those.
 Okay.
 Thanks.
 Then there's flying boats, and they have the buoyancy built into the fuselage.
 So they land basically on water.
 The main body of the plane is the thing that's floating on the water.
 But in the USA, sea planes are called float planes and they use the term sea plane to describe
 both float planes and flying boats.
 Oh my gosh.
 Right.
 So which one was this?
 This is a flying boat.
 Flying boat.
 This is a flying boat.
 So the fuselage was basically a boat, but that had wings.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 And it got smashed up on its second ever flight and it now exists as a model and a few bits
 of wreckage in the museum.
 It was in Italy.
 It was flying.
 Like Maggiore.
 Really?
 The passenger plane, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The wings were made of linen as far as I can tell.
 Well, linen.
 Well canvas, you know.
 It was a really early days of flight, obviously.
 God, if someone's just attached a sheet to the outside of my planes and is hoping it's going
 to fly, I'm not surprised at crash.
 Nine sheets.
 Nine sheets.
 That's one of the phrase nine sheets to the windwinds, isn't it?
 Is that a phrase?
 I don't think it's three sheets to the windwinds.
 Oh, is that what it meant?
 Now you're counting them.
 Yeah.
 So there's been lots of really cool planes in history, haven't they?
 There's loads of, especially during military times, they always try and invent new things and,
 you know, even when they started making airplanes, they didn't really know how they worked and
 stuff like that.
 So there was lots of different ideas.
 I really like these parasite flight fighters that they tried to do for most of the 20th
 century.
 And the idea is you have one big plane and then inside it, you have lots of little planes
 and then they fly out and attack like the town.
 So the big plane takes you there and saves all the petrol for the other guys and then they
 can go on little forays.
 Has it landed or are you flying out of the plane?
 You're flying out of the plane, mid-flight.
 What?
 Yeah.
 And they try to do it loads and loads of times.
 Usually the problem is that they just all crash into each other, that happens quite a lot.
 But they experimented from the 19, from 1915 all the way through to the late 1950s.
 The USSR were the only ones who really made anything that was kind of useful.
 Everyone else tried it and couldn't.
 And the reason we don't do it anymore and I didn't realize this is a thing is these days
 you can refuel your aeroplane while it's flying.
 Oh, isn't that amazing?
 I don't.
 I've never noticed a plane I'm on stopping at a petrol station ever.
 Well, that's when you're in the airport.
 That's what the petrol station is.
 They come and fill you with petrol, right?
 Yeah, but so how do you refuel while it's flying?
 It's really weird.
 You just get one aeroplane with loads of petrol in it and you fly it next to the aeroplane
 with not much petrol in it and then you attach them together.
 So it's not my planes that I've been on that are getting refueled.
 No, no, you're probably not.
 Yeah, but if you've seen the movie Air Force One, they refuel the plane mid-flight.
 Today.
 Yeah, and Harrison Ford uses that as the big moment to sort of get to another plane.
 I think I'm right.
 You must not have a really long, you know, the toggles you put in because you know it's
 someone that's quite hard when you park your car on the wrong side of a petrol plane.
 Yeah.
 And you have to stretch it all the way around.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 If you fly on the wrong side of the aeroplane, that's going to be really awkward here.
 Okay.
 On this, on this mid-air thing, it is insane.
 So there was a flying boat, okay, in the 1930s called the short empire, right?
 And the problem was they couldn't get enough fuel into it for it to make it all the way across
 the Atlantic, okay?
 Okay.
 So that's the problem.
 But it could be loaded with more fuel than it could take off with.
 So it can only get into the air if it has under a certain amount of fuel on it.
 But once you get it into the air, you can load it with extra fuel.
 Yeah.
 The idea was this plane took off towards the USA from Britain with not enough fuel to get
 there.
 Yeah.
 And then while it was over island, it would be refueled by another plane, as it went.
 It would take off without enough fuel to get to where it was meant to go.
 And it had to refuel with 800 extra gallons of fuel.
 Yeah.
 That's extraordinary.
 We do have planes now that can carry other, well, flying machines.
 There's a plane called White Knight II.
 And this is the, so it's not operational yet, but it will be within a few years, I think.
 It looks like a catamaran, really.
 So it, or it looks kind of like two planes, a simultaneous twins, and one of their wings
 is fused.
 Yes.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's an incredible looking thing.
 But it's actually built to be able to take off like two planes stuck together.
 And then hanging underneath this shed wing will be the Virgin rocket, which will then take
 tourists into space.
 So not only do you get to go to space if you pay for this, but you get the bonus of things
 suspended under a weird double-cyme plane catamaran thing.
 It's extraordinary.
 Have you ever seen footage of it when it drops the plane?
 Oh, no.
 I haven't seen that.
 So that's the thing.
 Obviously, the rocket can't thrust its, or boost its thrusters while it's still attached
 to this other plane.
 So it literally plummets and they have to turn on the engine as they're dropping a pump
 of fuel.
 And then it kind of just finds its way.
 So you're in sort of freefall for a while when you're inside this.
 Is this in the rocket or in the plane?
 In the rocket?
 Wow.
 Yeah, that's it.
 God, imagine if people have bought tickets and they're listening to this now, having
 not realized.
 Because that sounds terrifying.
 I think you would have watched a YouTube video before pressing, and you catch us.
 You're right.
 You just mentioned two planes being stuck together is what this looks like.
 Yeah.
 One time, as far as I'm aware, that two planes have stuck together mid-flight, right?
 This was in 1940.
 This was a training flight above Australia.
 Two bomber planes crashed together, okay?
 Disaster, obviously, except that one of them basically jammed over the other one, and they
 just got stuck together in mid-air.
 So the one on top had its wings and its controls still intact, and the one beneath had the engine
 working.
 And the pilot of the plane on top managed to land successfully, but that's ridiculous.
 That doesn't sound like it's made up by Dan Zitalion, Ryan Blessed Guy.
 I know.
 Nobody died.
 One person jumped out and was hit by a propeller.
 Even he was fine eventually.
 He just covered.
 But it's amazing that just so happens that the engine works for this one, and the steering
 works.
 It's like, oh, the coffee machine works for this one, but luckily the sandwich maker works
 on the other one.
 Do you think they had a chat between the planes going, "We're like Jack Spratt and his wife,
 aren't we?"
 Just on this thing that you were talking about carrying space shuttles, the largest plane
 that's ever been made, which was the Anatov AN225 Maria, which was made in Ukraine in
 Soviet times.
 This has the record for the biggest payload ever taken, and they carried shuttles from
 one part of Russia to the other, the Soviet Union to the other.
 That was the main job of them, and one time they carried a generator for a gas power plant
 in Armenia, which weighed 247,000 kilograms, which is the weight of 80 elephants.
 That's the largest payload of any aeroplane ever.
 That is so amazing.
 That's amazing.
 And then it went into commercial service in the early 2000s.
 And by the way, do you have extra luggage because it doesn't matter?
 Emotional support elephant with me.
 When I say commercial, I don't mean you can buy a flight on it.
 It was used for companies, and actually at one stage, the American military took it and
 took 216,000 ready meals to military personnel in Oman.
 Wow.
 So that's cool.
 It was out of chicken or fish, but it's fine.
 It was transported on 375 pallets weighing 187.5 tons of ready meals.
 Oh man.
 Do you know why nuclear planes have never been tried?
 Because they sound dangerous.
 They do sound dangerous.
 They are dangerous.
 So people have kept trying all the way through, kind of like the thing you were mentioning
 James of Parasite.
 Parasite ones.
 Yeah, the Parasite planes.
 Yeah.
 So I think the USA have tried, I'm sure the Soviet Union tried as well.
 Basically, they could not work out how to deal with radiation and to keep the planes light.
 Because obviously, to protect against radiation, you need a very heavy thick armor stuff.
 So one thing they considered doing, this was in the 50s in the USA, was just hiring pilots
 who were so elderly that they would certainly die before any effects of radiation got through
 to them.
 Wow.
 That was the plan.
 What a move.
 That's crazy.
 JFK cancelled that plan.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I've found a few sort of, as we were saying earlier, those that military period of plane
 innovation, which is extraordinary decisions they had to make.
 So when the Navy was out and they needed planes that were on their ships, in the early days,
 they didn't have landing strips that were long enough.
 So they could launch with some help, but they couldn't get back because it was too short.
 So what they did was they started toying with ideas like building a plane, which this
 was prototype called the Blackburn Blackbird.
 And the idea was that you could take off, but you weren't meant to return.
 The plane was designed to be ditched in the ocean by the ship.
 But luckily all the pilots were so old that they were expected to die before they got
 to them.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Wait, sorry.
 These were single-use planes.
 No.
 If you were successful, you came back and you ditched the plane as close to the ship as possible,
 and hopefully the ship got to you before both you and the plane sank.
 If it did, they would lift the plane back onto the ship and then they would rebuild it
 and you could reuse it.
 What?
 Well, they had no choice because it was...
 No, I'm sorry, I'm confused.
 When you say ditched a plane, do you mean fly it into the sea?
 Yeah, fly into the ocean.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So the pilot would be waiting with the plane while it's sinking.
 Another thing they tried to solve that was something called the Flying Pancake, which the Flying
 Pancake either had no wings, one wing, or an infinite number of wings, depending on how
 you're looking at it.
 It's a whole wing.
 It's a pancake shape, so it's flat, and it's kind of tilted, and it's got massive
 propellers on it, and so if you were sailing into a headwind, then the wind can help you
 just take off by using the shape of your flying pancake.
 And if you weren't going into a headwind, it had these massive propellers that you could
 create your own headwind, and so it could blow air over your aerophile and help you take
 off that way.
 That sounds amazing.
 Yeah.
 And it looked kind of like a flying saucer, right?
 They do, yeah, yeah.
 Don't like the idea of flying something called a pancake, because I imagine pancakes flipping
 at 180 degrees in the air.
 And the reason we don't use them now is basically because jet engines came in, so we didn't need
 them anymore.
 Once you had jet engines, you could get to a really high speed really quickly.
 So it did work, fine.
 Yeah, work.
 Oh god, we've got to talk about the inflator plane quickly, just very quickly.
 This was a sort of foldable collapsible plane that was commissioned by Good Year, of course,
 in the 1950s, and it could deflate and be transported in like a three and a half foot
 container, a little container.
 And it was actually a brilliant idea.
 So it was built in just 12 weeks, which doesn't have a worry any short time in which to build
 an entire plane, designed and built.
 But Good Year, the idea was that a single person would be able to hand pump it, and so you
 could drop it behind enemy lines, so you'd drop it from your plane, behind enemy lines where
 your men were captured, and they'd have that little hand pump on the ground, I suppose,
 waiting for this moment, and they'd pump it up until it got big enough, and then they
 could take off.
 So it would have like a little tube in case your pump wasn't working so you could blow it
 by mouth.
 I think it must have.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Anyway, look, it had a test flight in 1957, and it sort of went into a spiral, and one of
 the wings got floppy and folded on top of it, and got chopped off by the propeller.
 Oh, I know.
 So it never really, it really never took off.
 I'll tell you what, with that of your paper company, Folding, it's been a bad day, it's been
 a bad day for puns all the way.
 Okay, it is time for our final factor, the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact is that this year a sperm bank lost a court case to a man named Dick Weiner.
 So this has happened in Oregon, in America, and the jury, who is dealing with the case,
 afforded $400,000 American dollars to two Oregon dog breeders, because the international
 canine semen bank accidentally destroyed both of their Labrador sperms.
 Why did you not tell us the name of the other breeder?
 Yeah, because Fanny vagina is not as interesting to be fair.
 So this is from Oregon Live, which is a big newspaper in Oregon.
 But in every other report I've seen, it's Richard Weiner, and only just discovered that
 before we came upstairs to record this, so, but he's still, it's still, you know, parents
 should have known.
 His name's Dick Weiner.
 His name's Dick Weiner, exactly.
 So, yeah, this is amazing.
 Yeah.
 I didn't know there was an international canine semen bank.
 Did you not?
 No, I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I did.
 I just keep all of mine in Bargley's.
 I think bigger.
 So it used to exist mainly for professional dog breeders, so that if you had, you know, a top
 dog, then you could pass on their genes for generations, but now it seems to be just sentimental
 dog owners who want an exact copy of their beloved pet before, you know, after they've
 died.
 It's probably not people who don't know how genetics works, basically.
 Yeah.
 It's, you know, you will get a quarter of the dog you had.
 Well, it's better than nothing, isn't it, Andy?
 Okay.
 I should say, this mistake with the dog seeming that Dick Weiner found this happened 20 years
 ago.
 Yeah.
 This story goes all the way back.
 Wow.
 I know.
 Well, no, no.
 It's, it's, they, they knew that they stuffed up 20 years ago.
 Exactly.
 Dick Weiner only found out a few years ago, because of ex-employee told him randomly, as I
 probably don't know.
 Yeah.
 He was a whistle bar.
 Yeah.
 So that he deposited the sperm in the 90s, I think.
 Yeah.
 And then in the, maybe late 90s, early 90s, it was accidentally thawed out, making it worthless.
 And 20, nearly 20 years later, it disgruntled ex-employee must have told him.
 Unfortunately, this guy who thawed out the sperm had done the same thing 18 months earlier,
 hadn't he?
 [laughter]
 For 500,000 liters was flushed away.
 [laughter]
 Okay.
 Well, I looked up their costs, the International Seaman Bank, K9 Seaman Bank, very important.
 For, to store your dog Seaman for a year, it's $324 to deposit and store it for a year.
 But then every year after that, it's $79 a year, which is, I think, what Amazon Prime used
 to cost.
 [laughter]
 That's a very different service, isn't it?
 [laughter]
 You've got to weigh it up when you're making your budget choices, yeah?
 [laughter]
 But, and you, another thing you can do with this, these banks, and this is not, we should
 say, other dog Seaman banks are available, when, you know.
 But another thing you can do, I think, is ship your dog's testicles to them after your dog
 has been neutered.
 You have to, you can't, yeah?
 What?
 Snipp 'em off, and ship 'em off, and ship 'em off, and ship 'em off.
 [laughter]
 That's what you do.
 Wow.
 You can get instructions for how to do it yourself, I think.
 So most people can do it at a vet and say, "Would you mind sending these balls to the
 bank?"
 But, um, some banks do give, some banks do give instructions on how to package up your
 testicles, and you have to send them off ASAP.
 Like, within a two or three hours, yeah.
 You must have to send them in a special, cool, cool box.
 Yeah, I think you must do, yeah.
 You've got it all to the package, ain't it?
 I just walk into the, into the Royal Mail, in a pair of, I don't know, dogmackers, and
 by an envelope, can you?
 No, and what if you do, you've got to go first class, 'cause it really is time for the
 rest of us.
 [laughter]
 Do you know, um, who did the first ever artificial insemination of a dog?
 No, it was none of the digby clans.
 It was an Italian physiologist called Lazaro Spalanzini, and we probably, do you guys have
 heard of him?
 I've heard of him.
 What was his thing?
 Frogs and pants?
 Frogs and pants?
 Exactly.
 Abonanas and pajamas, was the sequel, isn't it?
 He is most famous among QI research, at least, for putting male frogs in form-fitting rubber
 pants, to prove that, that they couldn't fertilize eggs if they couldn't get what was in the genitals
 out over the eggs.
 Right.
 If you know what I mean, yeah, yeah.
 So he basically proved how reproduction worked.
 He also was the first person to note the effect of cooling on human sperm.
 So you know how they say that you should wear, at least, warm-ish underpants if you want
 to conceive babies.
 Is that right, Dan?
 Yeah, you, well, not too tight, but you need to keep it.
 Who's flowing?
 No, Lucy's not as good for you.
 They need to be kept reasonably warm.
 Yes.
 And you don't put your testicles on ice, basically.
 Okay.
 You don't need your underpants.
 So it's a very odd sort of warm, not hot.
 You need to keep it at the right temperature, but he was the first person to notice that.
 And he noted that if you put sperm on snow, they would stop swimming around.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 So he would have, he would have had microscopy, technology, I guess.
 This was after what's his name, yeah, Liv and Hook.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Gosh.
 That was really very cool.
 Yeah.
 It was a cool guy.
 Cool guy.
 I got ski.
 That was fun.
 That was ski.
 They just don't get a public school.
 And the first person to make puppies from frozen dog semen was a guy called Steven W.J.
 Siga.
 He's still alive, actually.
 He's a veterinarian from Ireland who moved to Oregon.
 And this was in 1969 and they made some baby Labrador's and they called them popsicles because
 they came from frozen semen.
 Very cool.
 Do you say popsicles?
 Well, that would have been good, wouldn't it?
 The article I read says popsicles, but popsicles would have been way better.
 Yeah.
 So maybe that's not a correct thing.
 Guys, have you ever seen fish being artificially insuminated?
 No.
 Oh, my gosh.
 It's incredible.
 I can't emphasize enough how much you have to watch this video.
 But basically, on a lot of fish farms, it's more efficient, or if you really want to control
 how many fish are being insuminated, then you do it artificially.
 And the way they do it, I actually learned this in an interview with a guy called Mike Freeze,
 which seems kind of almost suitable, who is a fish farmer in the US.
 And then I was led to this video of coy fish breeding, so coy car, very expensive.
 And they are being bred at Kentucky State University.
 Look it up, basically.
 You get the female out of the water, and she's alive and gets laying down in some paper towel
 for some reason, and then just lifted up and massaged from top to bottom, and you squeeze
 the eggs out.
 And what the eggs are, is this thick, brownie green slime that just spouts out, it's incredible.
 It's like sludge coming out, so they put that in a bowl, pop her back in the water, get
 the ladder out.
 Do exactly the same with him, and it's a little bit less.
 But you squeeze it out.
 Like, maybe it looks like mayonnaise coming out of mayonnaise thing.
 And then you just stir it up together, like you're making a cake, and they mix it together,
 and then you leave that for three to five minutes, and pop it back in the water.
 It sounds like a recipe, isn't it?
 A recipe for fish.
 Mark, sorry.
 It's very apart stewed, this with coy car, because they're very shy, aren't they?
 I have something about Crofts, because it's about champion dogs.
 Yes.
 Only one dog has ever pooed live in the middle of a crush's event.
 Did he win?
 Or did he win?
 Instant disqualification.
 No.
 It's, the video is on YouTube.
 We did a lot of YouTube recommendations today.
 YouTube's going to be getting some real hits after this podcast.
 It's incredible.
 It's 2012.
 This is the only one I've found.
 We should say, sorry, quickly, we should say for international listeners, Crofts, is
 the biggest dog show in the world.
 Sorry, yeah.
 I don't think he's as well known outside of this country, but it's the massive dog show.
 In UK, it's all we talk about.
 But, yeah, sorry.
 Crofts, biggest dog show in the world, and it was in 2012, and the video is online of
 the full attempt, because, you know, they have to do the full course, and they do the
 slalom, and they do the seasore, and they do the jumping over things.
 Anyway, the reaction of the crowd is so funny, because it's an amazing run.
 It's going so well.
 And then the dog just absolutely stops dead and squats down, and the whole crowd goes,
 "Oh!"
 That's amazing.
 And he only gets handed a plastic bag by a crossbow boy.
 Oh, no!
 It's very much the Paul the Radcliffe of the dog breeding world.
 It's a really funny video.
 Why do they have such mad names in Crofts?
 It's bizarre.
 Because you have to have, your dog name has to be involved the name of the breeder somewhere,
 but I was looking at the best in shows, and the list.
 So the most recent was called "Planet Waves for Ever Young Daydream Believers".
 I think last year or the year before, it was McVan's "Torussia with Love".
 There's also Afterglow Maverick Saber, Iraqi Fabulous Willy.
 They're crazy.
 They're crazy, Dalga, a good spice, and I can't find any good reason why, except that you're
 not supposed to have replicated names.
 But they can't have run out of words so much that all you could use is in "Raki Fabulous
 Willy".
 That's a wish list on a dating profile, isn't it?
 That's it, that's all of our facts, thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy, @Andruhontoreb, James, James Harkin, and Chazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing, or our website "nosuchthing
 as a fish.com".
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Go check them out.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
