 "You don't want it, who don't want it?"
 "You don't want it, who don't want it?"
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week, coming to you live from Dave's Lester Comedy Festival.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, and please welcome to the stage, it's Aniches Insky, James
 Harkin and Andy Murray.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my fact, my fact this week is that when something thought to be a meteorite
 actually turns out to be an ordinary rock, it's called a meteor wrong.
 So we were sent that fact in by someone called Molly Christie, she listens to the show,
 she sent it in.
 I was looking into it, it's not obviously a official scientific terminology, but if you
 look into it, I've read AMAs on Reddit with meteorite experts, they all call it the
 meteorite.
 It is quite a common thing.
 I went to the Natural History Museum a few years ago, and there's a kind of a department
 there that if you have any weird stuff that you find in your garden or whatever, and you're
 not sure what it is, you can send it to them.
 They do call them meteorongs, and they think that actually when people think they find meteorites,
 it's almost always a meteorong, it's very rare that you actually do find a real one.
 So the Natural History Museum has a room of meteorongs which are basically just rocks.
 Yeah, pretty much.
 Pretty much.
 Yeah, they're gone.
 Yeah, there was a guy who was saying that, so he's at a University of Minnesota in America,
 he's called Calvin Alexander, his university professor, and he's been asking people for
 I think 30 years to come to him if they found a meteorite, they think they found a meteorite,
 and he says he's seen thousands, more than 5,000 meteorongs, he's retiring next year, never
 yet has someone brought him something that's turned out to be a meteorite.
 Until this year, a couple of them had a thing in their garden that they'd actually found
 a couple of years ago, and they said actually this looks a bit weird, brought it in.
 There you go.
 This is first ever meteorite.
 That's really cool.
 Oh, we should say what a meteorite is because I wasn't sure, so a meteorite is a chunk
 of rock flying through space, and then if it enters the Earth's atmosphere, it's a meteor,
 but then if a bit lands, then that becomes a meteorite, yeah, so it can be three different
 things, depending on where it is, yeah.
 And we get about 44 tons of meteorites falling on the planet every day, so you'd think there
 would be more.
 We do, there's a ridiculous number, I think it's 4 billion a year, loud or not, they're
 mostly, I think, really, really small, but it's a lot.
 Do you know how you can tell if you're out in the wild looking at rocks trying to find
 meteorites if it is one?
 No.
 So the magnetic, okay.
 Yeah, so if you have a little magnet with you, a little fridge magnet is something, if there's
 a magnetic pull against it, that doesn't, it still might, there are lots of it, it could
 be like a radiator or something, there's lots of things out there.
 So that's the thing, there are a lot of rocks that are just normal terrestrial rocks that
 are also magnetic, so don't just go around with them, you know, with a magnet trying to find
 one.
 That's what, so I got really excited when they said, yeah, if it's magnetic, then it's definitely
 a meteorite, except for the fact that a lot of rocks are magnetic, so it may just turn
 out to be a rock.
 However, if it's not magnetic, it could be a rock from Mars or from the Moon, which is
 even rarer, however, it could also just be a rock, so it doesn't sound like they've
 cracked the perfect method.
 I once wrote to a meteorite expert a few years ago and asked him what you should do if one
 land, because there's a common misconception that meteorites are hot when they land, but
 they're not, because they've just gone through space, which is really cold.
 And then they have gone through the atmosphere, so warmed up a bit, but they should have had
 plenty of time to cool down.
 So you could actually conceivably get a frostbite from touching a meteorite, like that, and
 hold on the inside.
 But when I wrote to this guy and said, what should you actually do?
 He said, whatever you do, don't touch it, you want to get a kind of a plastic bag and
 then put it down, because just you touching it could contaminate it, I mean, it's not very
 good for science.
 Don't touch those meteorites.
 I met an explorer over Skype called Charles Brewer Carias, amazing character, quite controversial
 character.
 The explorer and up was said to be based on him, you know, in the Pixar movie up, the guy
 living in the Venezuelan mountains said to be based on him.
 He's famous for a number of things and a lot of discoveries, including he told me that
 he discovered what he thinks is the lost city of gold, and he did it while he was having
 a poo in the woods, and he said to me, he said to me, I looked in between my legs and saw
 something spectacular, but he also told me that he's discovered this glowing coral, glowing
 coral, which is the oldest life form on this planet, and he said that he arrived via space
 meteorites, and so it's now living on Earth, an extraterrestrial.
 Is this how trustworthy is this guy, is he friends with your yeti hunting friends and your
 ghost seeking friends?
 I don't know.
 He said, he was like a biologist came in and said that this is definitely the oldest form
 of life, and actually it feels like it's from out of space, and then I emailed the biologist
 and she said there's about as much exo-biology in it as there is in my foot.
 So he must have heard it wrong kind of thing, but actually in the hills of all of Venezuela,
 she had an amazing foot, full of aliens.
 To not the Cambodian thing you shout when a meteorite arrives is star poo, is what you
 say.
 Archpecai, that's what happened when one landed in Cambodia in 2014.
 Is that what they call them?
 Well loads of people shouted, the local, commercial people shouted star poo, so that's an official
 scientific name.
 Right here on.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 There was a, the R&I launched a really big search and rescue operation last year, I
 think, because of a meteor flying through the sky, and they thought it was a distress
 flurbing sent up by a ship.
 There was an emergency operation, this was off the Cambrian coast, I think.
 And I think, you know, it takes quite a lot of money, and they went out there and then gradually
 reports that are coming through from the rest of the country saying there's this flur
 going across the sky everywhere, and it turned out, yep, no one's dying.
 Which is actually good news in way.
 In the late 18th century in France, they didn't think that the Academy of France said they
 didn't think that meteorites could possibly exist.
 Supposedly what they said was, there are no rocks in the sky, therefore rocks cannot fall
 from the sky.
 And they decided.
 The logic is actually infallible.
 Yeah, it's true, but that's apparently what they said, and apparently they, it meant
 that they didn't do any kind of studies on possible meteorites, because if someone said
 they found one and saw one land, they were like, well, duh, obviously not real.
 But then in 1803, more than 2,000 meteorites fell in a single village in Normandy, and so
 they had to kind of change their mind a little.
 Wow.
 Yeah, apparently that's a story, I don't know if it's true.
 It's very cool.
 Yeah.
 There was a meteorite fell through the roof of a house owned by the Comet family recently.
 I think it was two years ago.
 That was nice, isn't it?
 Comet, I think they're French.
 You didn't read anything more on that story than the effects.
 No, why would I?
 It's only going to get worse from there.
 So we need to move on quite soon to our next fact.
 Okay, can I do just a quick thing, a new story that I read.
 A Bosnian man had his house hit five times by meteorites in less than six months a few
 years ago.
 Experts at the local university were like, well, maybe there's like a magnetic anomaly
 or something like that.
 But he thought that he said, I'm obviously being targeted by extraterrestrials.
 I don't know what I've done to annoy them, but there is no other explanation that makes sense.
 The chance of being hit by a meteorite is so small that getting hit five times has to
 be deliberate.
 Okay, let's move on to our second fact of the show and that is Andy Murray.
 My fact this week is that Brown Falkans commit arson.
 So these Australian birds are kind of Falkan and there are two species.
 Brown Falkans and black kites and they've been observed picking up when they're wildfires.
 They've been observed picking up smoldering bits of branch and twig and carrying them to
 new locations and starting fires in new areas, which then makes all the little creatures
 in the undergrowth run out so that they can kill them and eat them.
 So this is deliberate fire starting as a way of getting food.
 And it's all so far, it's not been observed, it's not been filmed and it's anecdotal evidence
 from park rangers, Aboriginal Australians and Australian firemen.
 So it could be made up, couldn't it?
 I don't think it's made up, but I think it needs to be observed properly.
 It seems likely though, it doesn't make sense because they rely on fires for their food
 very often, don't they?
 Those types of birds.
 It makes sense.
 It reminds me of a thing we did a radio show with a guy called Rupert Sheldrake a
 few years ago and he said that people anecdotally have said that when sheep want to get across
 a cattle grid, they kind of roll over on the cattle grid to get from one side to the other.
 And he said, "Nodes of people have seen this happening, but actually we think probably
 it never happened.
 It might be just a story."
 What they noticed was someone started reporting it in one bit of Australia and then a few
 days later, sheep across the country started doing it as if there was some kind of secret
 sheep whispering network that managed to spread.
 But it's, yeah, so it sounds like it's in the Sheldrake area slightly, I guess.
 But actually, these people who have been talking about it are, like you say, the park rangers
 and people who kind of would know that kind of thing.
 Yeah, so it would be very, very good to know if it does happen, so there's more research
 being done, basically, and more observation being done.
 The one of the co-authors of it, Mark Bonta, has suggested that humans might have learnt
 about spreading fires from birds, which seems less likely.
 Yeah, because they have to carry them quite small distances while they're still smoldering,
 obviously, because if you fly far, then it'll go out.
 If we learn about carrying fire from birds, we overtook them so fast, but still that occasionally
 picking up a burning ember, we've got one by a night.
 Does that happen, though?
 So in 2014, Pigeon in Stockwell did start a fire by dropping a cigarette in its nest,
 so.
 Oh, I did it.
 Well, we don't know.
 I've read about this new Kickstarter that's been fully funded where you can now, if you're
 out in the camping or whatever, it's this little kit where you light a fire and it heats
 up this pad that creates a battery charge for your iPhone.
 So you've got an external iPhone charger now, or smartphone charger, which plugs in
 to a fire source to give you what it's.
 Yeah, it's not really cool.
 That is smart.
 It's very cool.
 Yeah.
 I mean, fire, actually some humans still can't make fire, or until the 20th century, there
 are tribes that had still hadn't learned how to make fire.
 So there are the, for instance, FA and Booty pigmies that I think pigmy tribes that are in
 the Democratic Republic of the Congo, they, we think they could make fire thousands of years
 ago.
 There's some evidence for that.
 But it seems like they've forgotten.
 Now, it's part of tribal tradition that you have to carry around a burning ember with
 you all the time.
 So you get fire from, like if there's a lightning storm in the forest, then a tree sets on fire,
 and you pick up that.
 And it's the women's job in these tribes to carry around this burning ember, and they have
 to wrap it up, you know, dump leaves when they move from one campsite to the next so that
 they keep this fire.
 Because if the fire goes out, it's like, we've got no fire.
 Just waiting for the next storm.
 Waiting for the next storm, yeah.
 Isn't that weird?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And then I think some anthropologists turned off about 20 years ago and said, guys.
 I was reading about some other unusual birds, cool birds.
 Oh, yeah.
 And so, baby grey cat birds, they get their name because they make her noise like a cat.
 They kind of do a little meow, which sounds great, but it's not really great for them because
 it just attracts cats.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That is it.
 I must say, the evolutionary of the time.
 Exactly.
 And in 2011, they did a study, and they found that domestic cats were responsible for nearly
 half of all deaths of these birds.
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, my God.
 Here's another one.
 There's a hummingbird called Anna's hummingbird.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, so I'm not.
 Yeah.
 Didn't want to come tonight.
 Anna's hummingbird can shake their bodies 55 times per second, which is the fastest shake
 of any vertebrae known.
 Just back to the sounds, I was reading about a bird that's called the Fortail Drongo.
 And this bird has the ability to mimic other animals and other birds.
 And what it does is it lets out, it's learned the call of those danger nearby.
 So if it feels like, it's so basically, it's so that they can steal food off other animals.
 So they'll be like, "Danger's coming," and then they'll say it like a cat or like a hamster
 or something.
 Oh, like a human.
 Could they say danger's coming?
 I think they've mastered human.
 I think they've mastered human.
 Yeah.
 And so these things run off, and then they get the food.
 But they've learned to both lie and not lie when there is actual danger.
 So they've kept animals on their toes when they hear it and go, "Oh, it's probably that
 dickhead bird."
 They can actually then get eaten because it wasn't telling us that.
 It's cry wolf.
 Yes.
 But sometimes there is a wolf.
 Yeah.
 You obviously never read to the end of the story of cry wolf.
 I got the gist of it.
 The same thing.
 You just get happy.
 Oh my, this is boring.
 Oh my god.
 Oh my god.
 Cookies.
 So I was looking at a bird's committing crimes.
 These birds commit arson, cookies are obviously very famous criminal birds, you know, put their
 eggs in other birds' nest and disguise them as other birds' eggs, and then the egg hatches
 and it tips all the real eggs out of the nest.
 And that's that.
 So they're murderers and kind of house thieves, but other birds are getting really wise
 to it.
 So they've cookies have evolved to make their eggs mimic the eggs of whatever bird who's
 nest they want to steal.
 So the eggs look identical to our human eyes to the bird who's nest they want to steal
 eggs, but birds, other birds have now developed evolved really super sensitive infrared type
 vision.
 So they can see really subtle differences in cookies eggs that completely distinguish them
 from their own eggs.
 So they're getting the better of them gradually.
 That's very cool.
 But then the cookies will probably evolve again to beat that and it's actually.
 It's a race.
 Yeah.
 Well, I can't be evolved to build their own nests one day, you know.
 Actually, I think of all the cuckoo species, I think most of them don't do that parasitic thing.
 The ones in Europe do, but around the world, I think most of them don't.
 Yeah, that's true.
 And last month in Israeli culture was arrested, it lebanon for spying.
 So.
 Happily?
 No.
 And is it, was it charged?
 It.
 No, I don't think so.
 I think it was eventually released.
 So what kind of interrogation happened that they were?
 No, you didn't do it, did you?
 You've been framed.
 It had a location transmitter and an Israeli identification tag on it.
 So I suppose the thinking was that Israeli spies would have written "This is a spy" on
 a bird.
 Yeah.
 In 1471, a chicken in Basel was found guilty of laying a brightly coloured egg, which
 was thought to be indefiance of natural law.
 What was the penalty?
 Unfortunately, it wasn't let free like the Israeli one.
 It was burned to death at the stake.
 Oh.
 It was just a vicious stake.
 And so Nandos was born.
 I found a bird that I'd never heard of before.
 It's a Tibetan black bird.
 This is its name.
 Turdus Maximus.
 It's an actual bird.
 All COVID birds are the turdus genus, aren't they?
 I don't know.
 Is that genus?
 Russian are all turdus.
 So they're turdus, I think?
 They're turdus turdus.
 So COVID is a crow's and--
 COVID is the best.
 The crow's ravens, magpies, all birds like that, and they're so intelligent.
 So this fact is kind of about birds are preyed learning how to use tools in a way.
 And COVID is amazing at using tools.
 So there was one experiment where a crow was-- it was given a piece of wire, and it managed
 to bend this piece of wire into a hook using a glass kind of beaker that was nearby.
 So it pushed the glass beaker against a wall so that it bent this bit of wire into
 a hook.
 It ordered it could hook a stick that was slightly out of its reach, and it hooked the stick
 towards it.
 And then it took the long stick with which it was able to get the food that it wanted to
 get.
 That's impressive, isn't it?
 That's really impressive.
 I don't know why I couldn't just fly over and pick up the food, but it was challenging itself.
 We're going to have to move on really shortly.
 So anything else before we do?
 Koalas to escape forest fires, their instinctive reaction is to crawl up a tree, so they often
 have to get rescued by Australian fire fighters.
 They're badly evolved.
 Yeah.
 But they presumably move really slowly, so that's their best bet I'm guessing.
 I would never picture like a herd of koalas coming out, because the fighter was approaching
 them.
 Yeah.
 All right, let's move on to our third fact of the evening, and that is Chisinski.
 Yeah, my fact is that in 1461, the mayor of Haien in Spain donated 10,000 eggs to his
 citizens, so they can have a huge food fight.
 It's nice of him.
 He's a good guy.
 This is a guy called Constable Don Miguel Lucas de Aranzo, and he decided for Easter, Easter
 celebration, give his people this big food fight, and he built this huge fake wooden castle
 that he wheeled into the city centre, and I think he then hold himself up in his house
 with some of his guards, and he was like to the townspeople, said, you get in this castle,
 and let's pelt each other with eggs for a while, and they did it.
 And then they did it again on Mayday, because they enjoyed it so much, and for a few stops
 for a few years.
 It does kind of feel like a thing that should have carried on forever, doesn't it?
 Yes.
 Because it does sound like the most fun thing ever.
 Yeah.
 One must have happened to stop it.
 I feel like he, because it always seems to be him throughout the 1460s, so maybe when
 he left office, he sounds like maybe the Boris Johnson of the 15th century, he probably
 has some dodgy policies, but did a lot of fun stuff on the side, but won the people
 round.
 I read that in one of the other fights that he had, that there was such a surplus of
 food that people then started hitting each other with chickens.
 No.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Why don't you hit someone with a chicken?
 It's just an older rag, isn't it?
 Oh.
 Waiter, I think this egg is off.
 Sir, you come into Dando's every day and say that.
 There were boiled eggs, I think, which sounds a bit less fun.
 Oh, right.
 Yeah.
 I've read mixed.
 There's a lot of controversy over the type of egg.
 Oh, really?
 Some also say boiled, some say just raw, but it's so hard to tell from the outside, isn't
 it?
 Yeah.
 Actually, there is a game called Egg Roulette, which, so I think this is part of the Lincoln
 Share World Egg Throwing Championships, which are a massive deal.
 We've probably all tried to get tickets at some point.
 And they have stuff like the World Egg Trebuchet and Egg Throwing, obviously.
 And then one of the contests is Egg Roulette, which involves you sit at a table with one
 of the person and you've got a whole bunch of eggs laid out in front of you, and they're
 all boiled except one, and you take it in turns to select one and smash it against your
 forehead.
 And then you get covered in raw egg when you pick the wrong one.
 It's not as dangerous as Russian roulette, but...
 But you're still covered in, but you're still covered in sort of boiled egg when it's
 not great.
 It's not a good result.
 It's not ideal.
 And the egg throw in itself, it's quite good.
 It's what happens is your ten meters away from your friend, you chuck him the egg or
 she, and they have to catch it and not break it.
 And then everyone does that, and everyone who does it right and it doesn't break, then they
 go to 20 meters and then 30 meters and then 40 meters.
 So it's quite a cool game though, isn't it?
 I reckon you should have a little later on.
 Well, that rules that you have to throw it fairly towards them, because you could throw
 it off a bit, and then they find a very difficult...
 You're in a team, so you actually...
 Yeah, you're watching the catch it.
 You want to see.
 That's why your team keeps losing.
 I'm going to get that guy this time.
 Are you allowed to use an apron to catch it?
 The apron, I think, with your hands, it has to be.
 And they also have very strict drug rules as well, according to the website.
 No, they say that, like any sport, you're not allowed any performance in enhancing drugs,
 but they do say that the local happyjack real ale is not only permitted, but recommended.
 I was reading about being egged, the phenomenon of being egged, being egged.
 It's a fun thing to say.
 There was a 2006 study, which was called, "Here's egg in your eye, a prospective study of
 blunt oculotroma resulting from thrown eggs."
 This was a real study, and it just concluded, "Don't do it."
 I mean, how have people been oculotly traumatised frequently?
 Yes, really.
 Not frequently, no.
 But it does happen.
 Very seldom.
 This is Janu Kovic, the president of the Ukraine, got struck with a brick, was rushed to hospital
 because he'd been struck with a brick, and it transpired when people looked.
 But I think they look back over the footage, and it has just been an egg.
 So it is apparently more dangerous and hard hitting than they look.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 So he didn't look at the debris around him.
 He just assumed it was a brick.
 I think, I guess, maybe he has serious oculotomage and could no longer see who's surrounding.
 I don't agree.
 You don't get egged.
 You get yogoted.
 It's called the Ayur-Turma.
 Don't write in.
 Yeah, like yogate, the Ayur-Turma.
 And it's a specific kind of yogate that they use, which is sheep's milk yogate.
 That's really good for Ayur-Turma-ing people because you're sort of reminding people that
 the Greek and that they've shamed Greekness by trying Greek yoghurt.
 So when you say the special kind, do you go into a shop, say, "Do you have any yoghurt?"
 And they say, "Is this for eating or for assaulting in politicians?"
 They're in the top left corner, yeah.
 Oh, there was quite a vicious food fight in 1818 in Harvard, apparently.
 This was an era of quite a lot of student protests in America, I think.
 And yeah, this food fight started when someone threw a slice of buttered bread and it ended
 up going mad for days.
 And like, all the crocker, all harbours crockery was smashed, lots of plates and chairs were
 thrown at each other, lots of furniture broken.
 There was, a lot of students were suspended unsurprisingly and then all the other students
 who hadn't been suspended went and protested.
 One of them was Emerson.
 Ralph Aldoemerson was there at the time and he protested and went stood under a tree and
 they sort of mobbed all the tutors and said, "How dare you suspend students for breaking
 all the furniture in this place, smashing all the crockery."
 And yet apparently this is quite a common occurrence.
 So they let them all back in because they were upset.
 Wow.
 Hey, let's move on to our final fact of the show and that is James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in 1951, Australia's football team played against England and lost
 17 nil.
 The goalkeeper was called Norman Conquest.
 What a great name, Norman Conquest, I love it and he's quite a famous goalkeeper he's
 in the Australian Hall of Fame but he's most famous for being in this one game where they
 got absolutely annihilated by England.
 Well 17 nil, but how did he...
 There was a report written by a guy called Tugger Bryant.
 It was another form of footballer and he said that Australia could not handle the mud.
 It was a really, really muddy pitch.
 Australia could not handle the mud whereas England reveled in it and rang rings around
 the Australians.
 Our players spent more time on their backs in the mud than on their feet.
 The only time they were on their feet was when the band played God save the Queen.
 So yeah, the English team could kind of deal with their heavy conditions but the Australians
 just weren't used to it.
 I looked up more excellent football than names from history.
 Oh yeah, of course.
 So Reading in the 17s had a goalkeeper called Steve Death and just outside the goalie arena,
 there's Zimbabwean defender, I'm sure you'll have heard of him, James, called Danger
 Forpence. It's gun-end chap called Naughty Naughty.
 Amazing.
 That's a brilliant striker called Creedence Clearwater Cuto because his parents were such
 fans of Creedence Clearwater Revival.
 Yeah, he's my feminist, he's called everyone calls him Paul Easter, I think.
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 Australia, now obviously quite a decent team, aren't they?
 It's such a good team.
 Because that's from Australia or was brought up in Australia, weren't you?
 So here, you're a fan of the soccer rules, and we watched the games in the last World Cup
 in the QI office.
 When they lost 17 nil, it was a record defeat, I think, of any team in an international game.
 But now Australia holds the record win when they beat American Samoa 31 nil in 2001.
 But what happened there was the American Samoa team all had passport issues and so all but
 one of the players were ineligible to play because they couldn't get out of the cage
 and they couldn't call up any of their under 20 team because they were all doing exams at
 the time and so they had to just draft in all these really, really young or inexperienced
 players, including three, fifteen year olds and at the end of the game, the stadium showed
 that the score was 32 nil because everyone had lost count of them because of that record.
 There's always a little caveat for any international glory for Australian sports.
 It's so annoying.
 Do you remember the Olympics?
 It was that speed racer guy on, so he was a speed skater, right?
 Yeah, speed skater and he was coming last in the heats and, or I think it was, he'd made
 it through the heats and he was in the semis and as they came round the corner on the last
 bit, he was way in behind, someone tripped in front, took out everyone.
 He was so far back that he could dodge right around, came first, made it to the finals.
 So everyone was going, there was no way this guy should ever be here, but here he is now.
 The finals gets round to the same corner, he's way behind, same thing happens, he took over
 it and just walked in to gold, first up to gold that we've got and he got it because both
 tied.
 And he now goes around the country of Australia doing motivational talks and to score kids
 and stuff.
 And his talks are basically, you never know, someone like, "Cock up."
 He's always like the tenth person in the ass but the other nine get hit by others.
 Yeah.
 I was reading a bit about goalkeeping tactics over the years because this is about goalkeeper.
 So John Burridge was a goalkeeper and he kept his reflexes nice and sharp between the 60s
 and the 90s with his career by asking his wife to throw fruit at him when he wasn't looking.
 That was a guy called Harry Renny who was a Scottish goalie and in the 80s, 90s, his training
 regime was to throw himself on the wooden boards for half an hour every day, just to toughen
 himself on.
 Yeah, because he'd have to be throwing himself on the floor.
 Exactly, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Oh, okay.
 That's for an hour.
 So the first mention of football that I could find at least in Australia is a letter to
 a newspaper complaining about football and it's a guy I'm going to read it out.
 Our town is increasingly going in the wrong direction.
 It will ultimately be no more than a Dutch Lang Street.
 My pipe is out, I must now halt, till you hear from me again, bog trotter.
 Absolutely.
 And another thing about Norman Conquest is on, there's a website called HowManyOfMe.com where
 you can see how many names there are of you.
 This is only in America, unfortunately, but there are 288,278 Normans in America.
 What?
 Yeah.
 What?
 People called Norman.
 How many?
 288,000.
 150 million men, roughly.
 Yeah, that's quite impressive.
 That's massive.
 There's 1882 people with the last name Conquest and there's one person in America called Norman
 Conquest.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 Oh, cool.
 So if you're listening, Norman.
 The name Norman is going out of fashion, I think, in Britain.
 I think in 2005, there were only two babies called Norman Bourne and then I couldn't even find
 data for after that, so unless it's been a huge surge, then I think it might have disappeared
 entirely.
 No, it's really sad.
 Yeah, it's sad.
 Yeah, it's sad.
 Can I quickly move the chat to names in Australia?
 Yeah.
 I've just started doing a Google on things that I both have been to in Australia just to see
 the origins of it.
 And I was looking at Mount Cousie Cusco, which there's a lot of, I'm actually not sure how
 to pronounce it properly, but it's the tallest mountain in Australia.
 And I've climbed it.
 It's so easy to climb.
 It's a tiny little bump.
 But we're very proud of it.
 It's our tallest mountain.
 So there was a thing for years and years, it was called Mount Cousie Cusco, and it was
 this wonderful mountain, and basically they discovered, and this was explained in a 1910 book that they
 eventually started recalculating the sizes and heights of mountains and discovered that
 a mountain just near Mount Cousie Cusco called Mount Townsend was actually taller.
 So suddenly we had a new tallest mountain, and rather than changing all the books, they
 just decided this is going to be a massive hassle.
 Let's just swap the names of the mountains.
 They genuinely did that.
 So Mount Cousie Cusco is actually Mount Townsend.
 They were just too lazy to do any admin.
 That's such a good idea though, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 You don't have to change any text for them.
 Yeah, all the mountains, you can just draw two arrows for these big mountains.
 So does it not have many big mountains in Australia?
 No, not really.
 I think it's bigger than ours.
 How tall is Mount Cousie Cusco?
 It's 2,228 metres.
 Right, you know that's almost three times higher than England's highest mountain.
 So where you go calling it a little bump?
 Just be careful.
 It's not a tall, it's the biggest one in the mainland, isn't there?
 There might be one in the Australian Islands, which is a bit...
 There are a bunch in the Australian Islands.
 There's actually a bit on the Wikipedia page that says mountains higher than the highest mountain.
 There's a huge list, but not on the mainline, because there's a lot of mountains.
 We just leave another one.
 We need to wrap up very soon, if you guys go anything before we do.
 Some funny names?
 Maybe.
 The background note to end on, exactly.
 There's a website called NameOfTheYear.com, which is quite cool.
 And there, I don't think it's an official award or anything like that, but they go around
 and look in all the newspapers, and anyone who's kind of a notable person, and they take
 all the funniest names, and they make them battle against each other, like which of these
 is the best name, and they go through to the next round and you have a winner.
 The winner last year was a lady who hit the news after being arrested for shot-lifting
 in Idaho, called Amanda Miranda Panda.
 Wow.
 We're sure she didn't just panic when the police are serving.
 Yeah.
 Some of the people that she beat include Reverend Pierre Batista Pizza-Bola, who is the head
 of the custody of the Holy Land Priory, and Dr. Wallop Promthong, who is a professor at
 Raja Mangala University.
 And there's people in Britain, various names.
 This was a newspaper article, I think it was in the Mirror or somewhere, people with funny
 names.
 There's a just in case, a barbed wire, a Terry Bull, and Doug Hall, all people in the UK with
 those names.
 And there's a retired erm, and called Stan Still, from Sirencester, and he said it's been
 a blooming millstone around my neck, my entire life.
 Pretty way, I can't move.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the
 course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, James @XshapedAndy @AndrewHunterM, Jezenski.
 You can email podcasts@QI.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to know such things at fish.com, that's our website.
 We've got all of our previous episodes up there.
 Thank you so much for listening at home.
 Thank you guys for listening here.
 That's the show.
 Good night.
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 [Music]
