 Hi everyone, welcome to another episode of No Singers of Fish. This is another live show
 which was recorded at the Soho Theatre in London and who is our special guest today?
 Well if you were a podcast fan, if you were a fan of amazing books, if you were a fan
 of the TV show Horrible Histories then you'll know who I'm talking about. Our guest was
 the historian Greg Jenner. So like I say, Greg first came to prominence I suppose as
 the historical consultant on Horrible Histories but he has since become a nerdy superstar
 at his own right thanks to his podcast Your Dead To Me which you definitely, I'm sure
 you've heard it but if you haven't heard it you definitely should check that out but
 he also has written lots of books, the latest of which are called Ask A Historian and Dead
 Famous and Unexpected History of Celebrity and the very exciting thing about those if
 you are super quick off the blocks is that at the moment they are both 99p on e-book
 for the rest of September. He also has an illustrated kids book called You Are History
 and that is out in hardback and audiobook as well. Look, just go to the place where
 you buy your books, e-books and audiobooks and search for Greg Jenner and you will not
 be disappointed and I hope you will also not be disappointed with this week's podcast
 so let's just get on with it. On with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast this
 week coming to you live from the Soho Theatre in London. My name is Jan Shriver, I am sitting
 here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and Greg Jenner and once again we have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order, here we go. Starting with fact number one and that is my fact this week. My fact
 is when Virginia's Barter Theatre first opened in 1933, it paid playwrights their royalties
 exclusively in ham except for George Bernard Shaw who was a vegetarian and managed to
 negotiate his payment to be in spinach. Superb. Yeah, this is an amazing thing that happened
 during the Great Depression in America and this guy who was an actor, he was a very young
 actor at the time called Robert Porterfield, he found all these actors were out of work,
 the theatres weren't running because no one could afford to go to the theatres but then
 he also noticed that there were a lot of farmers who had a lot of produce that they weren't
 able to shift so he thought what if I set up a bartering theatre whereby you could trade
 ham for hamlet, that would be the system right? So you could come in and you could then give
 any kind of produce that you wanted and that would get you a ticket and the bartering system
 worked very much like how bartering does, you know, you negotiate as you're doing it. More
 like bartering. Oh. Very good, very good. Yeah, so it would be, it was good Andy. Don't
 let everyone tell you differently. Yeah, so the system, yeah, God yeah. The stories are
 great because people have written about how this, you know, a lot of these playwrights
 so when George Bernard Shaw was first asked, he said, I'm not really into it and then
 Pygmalion came out and he said, oh yes, Pygmalion, Pygmalion. Should have been Spinachmalion.
 Should have been, yeah. So all the stories that he collected over the years, people got
 interviews out of him and it's really fun so there would be examples of say a farmer
 who would bring his cow to the theatre and he'd say how much milk to get in to see the
 play and they would tell him and then he'd go to the side and milk the cow to the amount
 that they said, hand over the bucket and then he would start to go in and in the anecdote
 his wife was with him and they said, you're not going to get your wife to come in as well
 and he said, she can milk her own ticket. I was wondering how they did change at the
 theatre because I thought you were saying- Oh, so you hadn't done your hum and you got
 a little bit of bacon back. Yeah, kind of. I mean, you could have a pig which was worth
 ten tickets. Wow. So I think if you traded a whole pig maybe you got like a season pass.
 Yeah. That kind of thing. But they accepted, all sorts of, it wasn't just farm produce,
 they accepted toothpaste, snakes and underwear as well. Which is good if you don't have a
 pig so you can get a pig. With the toothpaste for the snakes. Do they have teeth? They have
 teeth, right? They've got fangs. They've got fangs, man. Yeah. Can you brush a snake's
 teeth? Sorry. Actually, you can milk a snake's teeth. Hello, great point. One ticket. There
 was all sorts of weird, like there was a boy who said that he had some jam or some kind
 of substance in a jar turned out to be mud so people were trying to counterfeit their
 way in there as well. There was someone who did Brig a pig saying, I'll pay with my pig
 but then the pig got loose and all the actors had to chase their money down the street. And
 weirdly, there was a jail that was directly underneath the barter theater. So while they
 were doing the plays, there was always this slight concern that one of the jailmates would
 break free and sort of come onto stage and murder everyone. So there was added conflict,
 you know. Yeah. It sounds like it was an amazing place. And one of the things was a guy came
 in, he was a mountaineer and he said, I don't have any food, but I make coffins. Do you all
 want a coffin? And they said, no, we're fine. He said, well, I make canes as well. And he
 made so many canes that apparently every major actor in Broadway was seen walking around
 with one of these canes because he just kept making them and kept going to more and more
 shows. That's cool. I mean, to me, I know I am an ex-accountant, but it does sound like
 a massive tax dodge. Oh yeah. Like bartering is all well and good as long as you pay the
 tax on the actual amount of the thing that you're bartering with. How much tax? One slice
 of bacon? Well, you know, 20% of your pig. Oh, whatever. That's the thing. Like, there's
 that old story of Picasso. Do you remember he was in a cafe? I mean, I don't think this
 is true, but he was in... It is true. Is it true? Yeah, my mum's got one. Wow. So Picasso...
 I think I know where you're going with it. Picasso used to buy his meals by doing a tiny
 little doodle because it'd be worth more than the meal. He did thousands. They're, they're
 now valueless. Really? Is that what Gary Linnika has been doing in all restaurants? In the
 restaurants. All in the restaurants in the UK have a signed photo of Gary Linnika. Yeah,
 yeah. Like everyone, and you can see it, like, I was young, Gary was here. Oh, Gary was
 here quite recently. That's what he's doing. I imagine that is what he's doing. That probably
 is what he's doing. He's probably getting free food. Well, I don't want to do a smudge
 Gary Linnika. I don't mind. We don't know. The thing is, though, with Picasso, right?
 So the story goes, one of the story goes that he did this doodle and they said, well, Mr.
 Picasso, will you sign it? And he said, well, I want to pay for lunch. I don't want to pay
 for the entire establishment. That's the story. But the thing is... What a wanker. I don't
 think anyone's saying that Picasso wasn't a wanker. Yeah. Of all the artists, I think
 Picasso is very high in the wanker index. Okay. But the thing is, like, if you're an artist
 and you draw something and you're in a cafe and they give you some food, there are tax
 implications of that. And really, it is against the law to do that. The only way they could
 get around it is if Picasso, instead of just having lunch, if it was a business lunch and
 if the people in the cafe were going to put the picture up on the wall so that everyone
 in the cafe can enjoy it, so technically it's decoration, then they're both business expenses,
 they're both tax deductible. That's fine. Why do you think accountants have such a reputation
 for that? Thank God James isn't at all these historical moments where Picasso lands an
 absolute zingo and he's going, "Well, actually, the tax implications of that are..." Could
 he do a smaller drawing to be the tax? No. Yeah, he could. In fact, I believe in some
 places in America sometimes they have accepted artwork as tax payment from artists who couldn't
 afford to pay their tax and have done that. So that is possible in theory. I can't believe
 we're accepting this fact given how much shit I took many episodes ago when I said that
 if Mozart was on the street and he was passing someone who asked him for some money, a beggar,
 a homeless person was asking for some money, that he would say, "I have no money but here,
 let me write you some music." And he would be like, "Raskebidaga doody." And give it
 to them. And then they would take that and they would... Do what? Sell it. What would
 you do with your Picasso? You can sell it for a lot of money. No, you can't. No, you
 can't because my mum has one and you can't do anything about it. Has your mum been trying
 to sell it? Yeah, it's not worth anything. I'll buy it. All right. I'll buy the on-site
 Picasso that we know is definitely him, yeah. Also, how do you verify that the music is
 by Mozart when it's just one bar of music? Because it sounds like ABBA. Right. Barter...
 Barter is a weird thing, isn't it? Because there's a lot of debate about barter. I definitely
 thought it's a thing before money. So the baker makes some bread and he goes to the
 butcher and the butcher... And the butcher has some meat and between them they have a
 sandwich. Well, they swap. They have two sandwiches. Exactly. You end up with two sandwiches and
 everyone's happy. But of course, what if the butcher doesn't want any bread, the baker
 starves to death? Nightmare. So you need money. That's the basic, and I say very basic premise.
 But this is the weird thing about barter. There's no... I don't think there's any... Actually,
 it seems like money produces barter systems. Like after the fall of the Roman Empire, people
 resorted to barter because there wasn't a stable currency anymore. There doesn't seem to be
 any good evidence of a proper barter society where someone says, "I'll give you these grapes
 if you give me that cloth." It just doesn't seem to be any evidence for that. Correct. Oh,
 shit. One evidence that I found in a short look. I mean, money's fascinating, right?
 So coins are really new. In terms of the history of the world, coins are... They're like 2,700
 years old, give or take. They're really, really new. So you've got these sort of enormous
 societies in the Bronze Age. The Egyptians don't have money. Oh, really? The Sumerians,
 the Babylonians, the Akkadians don't have money. Really? And the first coin has got
 a little lion face. It's very cute and it's ancient Greek. And I think at the city, I
 think it was maybe Liddy, I can't remember, but it's like 2,700 BCE. So prior to that,
 you have economic structures and you've got kings and you've got people with power and
 you have got distribution of wealth of a sort, but it's not cash. And even in the 8th, 9th,
 10th centuries, you get these coin hordes, Viking coin hordes buried in the ground. And
 you're never entirely sure to what extent they are someone going, "I'm going to put
 that in the ground and come back for it later," or it's someone's nicked it or someone has
 been killed in battle or... We're never quite sure because the money's not in circulation.
 So the history of money is really interesting because there's a lot of stuff we don't know,
 but obviously, Barter must have been part of that equation. It's certainly in the Stone
 Age, no? You're going to tell me there's no bartering in the Stone Age.
 I'm not going to say anything. You're going to do that. Go on, do it.
 Yeah, sort it, why not? Straight from nothing to Bitcoin, that's what I'm saying. We're
 dead. But you are right that definitely when society breaks down or when there's problems
 in society, we do resort to Barter. That's definitely true, right? So in Russia in the
 90s, there's a lot of it going on. So there was not much, certainly in the late 90s, not
 much demand for rubles. If you got any rubles, you just want to swap them for US dollars.
 That's pretty much all you'd ever do with them. And so when companies ran out of cash
 to pay their workers, the workers would often just accept whatever you're making, you would
 take some of them home and then you'd be able to swap that for dollars. There's no point
 having the rubles in between. And so there was like Siberian workers who were paid in
 coffins, as we were saying before. There was a Volggrad factory where all the workers were
 paid in bras. And then there was another factory in Volggrad called Aktauba, and they made
 navigation equipment. But then they'd recently diversified into making dildos. And the workers
 decided, well, we're not going to get paid otherwise. So we'll just accept the dildos
 as payment. And this is in the economist guys. This is happening. And so they got all these
 dildos and then went to the local sex shops to try and sell them and get some US dollars.
 But it turned out that just around the same time, the world had moved on to electronic
 vibrators. And the dildos were virtually worthless.
 Oh, so navigation to dildos. Yeah, I was like, how did they diversify from that? Like,
 yeah, so it's what from compass to compass is. Wow. Yeah, I sextant. You had sex. Wow,
 is there a heartwarming end to the story where they all use the dildos to build a new there's
 no heartwarming ending to any story that begins in Russia in 1999.
 Okay. Do you remember the story of that guy who bought up a huge bulk amount of copies
 of Lance Armstrong's book? It's all about the bike. And then it's not the bike. Did
 you do two books? Did he? No, you're not about the bike. It's not about the bike, which
 turned out to be about the drugs. Yeah. Yeah. And yeah, this guy suddenly had a warehouse
 full of these books and no one was buying them because this guy was an untouched celebrity
 all of a sudden before. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It was like just before is like did the deal
 and suddenly like news headline. Lance Armstrong. So was he sort of bulk ordering them in the
 hope of then selling them and I think like they were remaindered and he thought I'll
 buy them and I can do a trade of them somehow. Yeah, here's a place that does have butter.
 This is good zoos operate a barter system with each other even today because you need
 a permit to buy and sell endangered animals. But in America, zoos are allowed to barter
 the creatures. So in 2014, there was an aquarium in Boston that needed some fish and North
 Carolina's aquarium had some of those fish. And North Carolina wanted jellyfish and sniped
 fish in exchange for the fish that they were going to give to Boston. But the Boston people
 didn't have sniped fish. So Boston had to. Is this a riddle? Hang on Greg, hang on. So
 they had to get some Japanese sniped fish, swap them for some lump fish that they did
 have in Boston. Then they sent North Carolina those. But they can't be on the craft at the
 same time as the fox. Yeah. And the fox is in a submarine. Yeah. And that's it. The zookeeper
 was the mother. That's it. That's really cool. And it's because in the olden days,
 if you had a zoo, you just send someone off and say, I'd like two pandas, please. Yeah.
 I'm going to be an explorer and they just go and get you two pandas, but you can't really
 do that anymore. No. There was one because of Brexit. There was one aquarium that swapped
 800 mackerel for a dozen puffins. Does that feel like a good deal for you? I'd love a
 dozen puffins. Yeah. I feel like a dozen puffins is exactly the right number of puffins. I
 feel like that's that's a bank job. It's like Ocean's Eleven. But puffins. I genuinely think
 if your mother put up that Picasso, you could trade that for 11 puffins. Picasso is a dove,
 dove of peace. So it could actually we could swap a dove of peace for 12 puffins and then
 I could hit a bank and take on a casino. Are you also the 13th puffin in the costume?
 I'm George Clooney puffin. Yeah, nice. And then we'll have Brad Pitt puffin, Matt Damon
 puffin and other puffins. I've forgotten who else is in the film. Gently. Is he in
 the film? I don't know. Sorry, how did your mom come by this picture at the Picasso? Did
 you buy it? No, she was gifted, I think, because it's not value and it's just got it's not
 enough value to be worth anything. So it's a gift you give someone in return for like,
 oh, thanks. That was really nice. Here's a big asset. James, are there any tax implications
 to Greg's mom receiving this? Price was welcome. If she got them as part of her job, yes, there
 would be. Alright, she's a French teacher. Where do we stand on that? Je ne sais pas.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Greg. My fact is complex, so I'm apologizing
 in advance for it. But my fact is this, at different times in history, Mondays have been
 considered the first day of the week, the second, the third and the seventh. Wow. And
 what is it now? Right. So we've got six hours. Yeah. Now it's officially internationally
 it's the first day of the week, the International Standards Committee or whatever they call
 the day. Because I was always taught at school that it's Sunday is the first day of the week.
 Yeah. So in the religious Christian Mondays, the second day of the week now, it used to
 be the third day of the week because in the Jewish calendar, it was the third day, Sabbath
 and Saturday, Sunday, and then Monday became the third. But then when you get Christianity
 becoming dominant in Rome in the sort of second and third centuries, they move Sabbath from
 Saturday to Sunday. And so Monday becomes the second day. But the really tricky thing about
 it is that the Industrial Revolution gives us Mondays as we know them, the Garfield one,
 the Monday. The Garfield Monday that he hates. There's a lot of great philosophers who do
 Mondays, Plutarch, Dio Cassius, Bob Geldof, Garfield. So our Mondays is an economic Monday.
 Our Monday is the post-Industrial Revolution, where you get the invention of a brand new
 temporal structure called the weekend. The weekend is a new thing, it's about a hundred
 years old. And so Mondays get redefined. But in ancient astronomy, Mondays are wrong. So
 the days of the week should be, according to astronomy, it should be Saturday, Thursday,
 Tuesday, Sunday, Friday, Wednesday, Monday. Poor Craig David. He'd be so good to a park
 on Monday, met her for the first time Tuesday. What's happening? So that's the order that
 astronomically the planet should be in. And we've got this really lovely ancient book we
 don't have, we've got the title of, by Plutarch. And the title is literally, "Why is the days
 of the week ordered wrongly?" It's the kind of thing you Google at 3 a.m. and you're like,
 "What? Tuesdays?" So Dio Cassius wrote a thing saying, "What's happened here is it's
 because there's 168 hours in a week. There are 24 hours in a day, which the Romans are
 very keen on. Each hour gets assigned to a god. The first hour goes to the god and that
 god gets that day named after them. The second hour, the next god, third, fourth, fifth,
 sixth, seventh, and then you're back to the first god again. By the time you get to the
 25th hour, you're on to the second god. So the day gets named after him. And so you end
 up with the days being in the wrong order. So our Mondays are wrong and the Romans are
 like, "Oh, no. We'll just have to live with it." And we have. We've lived with it ever
 since. That's amazing. That is incredible. I've got a fact about Tuesday. Is it Thursday,
 Tuesday, or Saturday, Tuesday? I'm going to go for my Tuesday, which is tomorrow, yeah.
 So we're doing this on a Monday, we should say, for the audience listening at home. So
 this is cool. This happened last year. The 22nd of February, 2022, was a Tuesday. Yeah,
 which means it was Tuesday. It was Tuesday. It was Tuesday. It was Tuesday. It was Tuesday.
 It was Tuesday. That's nice. That's the end of the fact. Monday's caused lightning.
 It was a good thing. Well, it's not a good thing actually. It's just a thing. So it's
 because of car exhaust. So more people commute on Mondays. So scientists counted lightning
 strikes in the USA for a decade and worked out where they fall, where the distribution
 is. So this is particularly in southeastern states in the USA. And lightning strikes rock
 it because there's a bit more pollution in the air. The air is moisture. There are low
 line clouds. That creates the perfect conditions for lightning. So yeah, for hundreds of miles,
 you get more lightning on a Monday. That's really interesting. I've got a Wednesday
 fact. No. Go on. Is this your Wednesday? It's my Wednesday. Yeah. It's a day after tomorrow.
 We're recording this on a Monday. It's worth knowing. According to one study, the best
 time to tweet or X is to... Oh, no. Oh, my God. No, no. Look at you staying in with Elon.
 You creep. Apparently, if you want to get maximum impact, it's 5pm on a Wednesday is when you
 should send that tweet. Really? Yeah. They've just scanned through where most have engagement
 and so on. And apparently that's supposed to be wrong. Pump day. Is that... I mean, that
 doesn't feel... What's happening at 5pm on a Wednesday? They just found engagement was
 higher. That's wrong. I don't like that stat. I reckon it's because people aren't really
 trying as hard because it's not Monday anymore. Right. But you also haven't left early because
 it's not Friday. It's just like the perfect time. So you're stuck in the office. Yeah.
 You're looking your phone. It's 5pm and you're out that door. I reckon. Are you got any Thursday
 facts done? I do. There's a theory that the universe was created last Thursday. It's called
 last Thursdayism. And the idea is that... And it's very hard to just prove this. Was this
 fact three weeks old in which case the universe hasn't been created yet until this week? No,
 is it always last Thursday? It's always last Thursday. The idea is that every memory that
 you have, everything that's on our planet, everything has been set to seem like it's
 been here for millions and billions of years in the case of the age of the universe. So
 last Thursdayism says it's impossible to deny the theory that it's infallible as a fact
 because it's impossible to find a glitch in. Right. Well, what if I put something in a box
 last Thursday and then I open the box today? Your theory falls over. No, it doesn't because
 your memory as you put it last Thursday. Yeah, but I know I did. I wrote a label. I labeled
 it Thursday. No, I labeled it Wednesday. I can't believe, Andy, that you found the
 hole in the bearing. Wow. How come Andy's underpants that say Thursday on them are still
 in the wash? Yeah. I got a fact about Fridays. Oh, yeah. You want to hear that? Do you know
 Dress Down Friday? Dress Down Friday, yeah. Do you know who invented that or why it was
 invented? Military thing. It's a military thing. Yeah? Yeah. Like every Friday, you
 don't have to wear your uniform. Yeah, you start in the city, but you're wearing a Hawaiian
 shirt. Yeah, exactly. It's fun. It's good for morale. It's bad for camouflage, but it'll
 be fun. Yeah. Well, I gave you a clue there. It was invented by people who made Hawaiian
 shirts to sell more Hawaiian shirts. Really? Really? This was in the '60s. Yeah, it was
 a company called, it was the Hawaiian fashion guild, actually. They came up with the idea
 of Aloha Fridays, where everyone would wear a Hawaiian shirt into work, and then it just
 took off, and now we have people just wearing jeans on Friday. Wow. But do the people who
 work at the Hawaiian fashion guild have to go in in a three-piece suit on a Friday?
 Just while we were talking about military on Fridays as well, there's a thing on Japanese
 Navy ships and submarines that they have curry every night on Friday nights, because
 on a ship, you might lose the track of the days, and that's a way of them going, "Oh,
 it's Friday. We're having curry." It's a thing on the menu that allows for them to remember.
 It's a nice idea. Yeah, because you do lose track. And on a Saturday, you feel like, you
 know? Yeah. No, that's, no, that's, I do have a Saturday fact, if that's what you're
 edging to do. But it's absolutely not that. Okay, go on. Let's hear your Saturday fact.
 My Saturday fact is that on U.S. ships and submarines, they will have burgers for dinner
 just so they remember what day it is, so that they know. And that's because so you can
 lose track when you're on a ship or a submarine, they will have burgers and they're like, "Ah,
 Saturday." Yeah, I feel like I'm losing track now. Yeah. Mondays, this is a study from 2006.
 But Mondays, most of us apparently are tired and depressed on a Monday. And work that requires
 emotional involvement or flair should be avoided. Or flair. I'm afraid so. Oh, wow. It's best
 to be alone. Our lines of communication mentally are largely closed, and communication with
 each other is also poorer on a Monday. So that's why we did this kick on a Monday, wasn't it?
 I think maybe we're proving it. Very quickly, because I just thought, suddenly remember,
 Fridays are obviously Freyja. So these are the Germanic gods, right? So Saturday is Saturn,
 is the only one of the days of the week that's named after a Roman god. All the others are
 Monday, Sunday, and then Germanic gods. Who's Freyja? Freyja, she's Anglo-Saxon and Norse
 goddess, very powerful, very cool. Thursday's Thor, or Thunor, Wednesday's Woden. But the
 Romans called Venus the planet, not Venus. They called it Lucifer. Just suddenly, it
 occurs to me, and the Greeks called it Phosphorus, like Giver. So it suddenly reminded me that
 Friday is named after Venus, Aphrodite. But they didn't call the planet Venus. They called
 it Lucifer. So they would see Lucifer in the sky and go, "There he is." Oh, that's great.
 It's quite a scary name. Although they didn't call it Lucifer, they'd call it Leukeph, Latin.
 Leukeph. Leukeph. That's awesome. Go on, Dan, tell us your Sunday fact. So on Sundays,
 in order for US Navy ships and submarines to know what day it is, they have steak, because
 you can lose track of time when you're on ship. So they will have steak on a Sunday,
 and they're like, "Ah, it's a Sunday." We're recording this on a Monday, by the way. We're
 going to have to move on to our next fact in one sec. Should we go for it?
 I can give you a quick Sunday fact. Obviously, Sunday trading was a thing. There were certain
 things you were allowed to sell on Sundays, certain things you weren't. And so if you're
 a shopkeeper, you're allowed to sell food for horses, because they were working animals,
 but you weren't allowed to sell food for dogs, because it was a pet often. This is in Hansard
 in 1968. They were discussing this. And apparently, the reason that they wanted to change the
 rules is because it was such nonsense that a man could go into a shop and say, "I have
 a pony who only eats dog biscuits." Can I have some dog biscuits for my pony? And they
 had to give him the biscuits. And that's when they thought, "Maybe we need to change our
 rules a little bit." That's so good. That's amazing.
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy. My fact is that the first electric
 cars were taken away each night and delivered back to your door fully charged in the morning.
 So they were like, "Choose outside hotel rooms." Basically, we put them out, some takes
 them away, polishes them. Is that what happens?
 Sorry, what?
 Hang on, what? I tell you what, we stay at travel lodges.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Where have you gone, Tar?
 Where are you staying?
 Yeah.
 What are you talking about?
 That's a thing.
 I'm distracted from the main point of the - but that doesn't happen in hotels. You put
 your shoes outside the room and then they - like, if you want them polished, you don't
 have to - what?
 Do you leave a note on them?
 No!
 Say, "Please."
 It's red, it's understood.
 Is it?
 You don't need to leave a note.
 I feel like the hotels where I stay in, they would just get stolen.
 Yeah.
 Well, just by round of chews, has anyone heard of that in here?
 OK, a few people who here hasn't heard of it.
 Not enough for - OK, can I really take my fact?
 Yeah.
 The fact is fine, it was the following.
 The first electric cars were taken away each night and delivered to your door, fully charged
 for the morning. A unique occurrence.
 When are we talking first electric cars?
 So early, early days, not the - so like late 19th, early 20th century. This is from an
 interview with the head of Ford. I was listening to a podcast the other day with - which was
 interviewed - he's called Jim Farley. And he was talking about the firm Detroit Electric,
 who they made early cars. Like loads of the early cars when combustion engines were just
 starting were electric. And the electric ones, they were kind of marketed at - they were
 marketed at women, basically.
 Yeah.
 The idea was they're a bit dainty here. You don't have to hand crank them to start because
 that's quite like a - it's quite a physical -
 It's the smell of petrol fuel.
 The smell was particularly a big part.
 Yeah, petrol stains and it's all - like it's very - yeah. And also Wikipedia claims they
 were sold to women drivers and physicians.
 No idea why.
 Well, I think the idea was if you needed to go and save someone's life really quickly
 because they were sick, you wouldn't have to do all the cranking. You just go straight
 away.
 That's good. Okay. Okay, that tracks then. Yeah. And they had the system with the doors
 where they didn't have the charging capacity in your home, obviously, because most houses
 weren't even on the electric at that point. And they sound like mad cars. They were operated
 by - this is incredible - from the back seat.
 So amazing.
 Yeah, this is incredible.
 From the back seat, they had a rear-facing front seat so you could face your passengers.
 Oh, great.
 You could put your passengers in the front seat facing backwards to you. You can chat to
 them as you drive. But you can't see the road. And they also - and they had - instead of
 a steering wheel, boring, they had a tiller.
 Yeah.
 Because that was nice and - it was nice and calm. It was like having a lovely sailboat
 or something.
 What's a tiller?
 Like a rudder, basically.
 Oh, on the back of the boat.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So it was quite ridiculous.
 Wow.
 I know. So you have to - backwards, from the back seat of the car, unable to see the road
 ahead of you.
 Yeah.
 So weird that it didn't catch on.
 The tiller thing is amazing. So Ben's invented the steering wheel in the 1890s.
 Ben's and Jerry's.
 Yeah.
 Ben's and Jerry's.
 But Americans just stuck with this tiller the whole time. And there was a journalist
 writing around the time who said, "Few have adopted that foreign freak, the steering wheel.
 A car with a wheel would be a nerve wracker of the worst kind."
 Imagine that, a steering wheel. It's amazing.
 So it came back to your house fully charged and we're talking not lithium-ion batteries,
 we're talking what, lead-acid?
 No, very - yeah, I don't know exactly what the batteries were in these.
 How do you charge it?
 For sure, they were acid batteries, I'm pretty sure.
 Yeah, okay.
 But I think what would happen most of the time is they would replace the battery.
 Yeah.
 And then the battery would go back somewhere else to be charged, which might take time,
 I don't know.
 Yeah, it was a lot of these places, which I think would be really cool now as someone
 with an electric car. I'd love to just, instead of plug in, they just take the battery out
 and put another one back in and you go straight away.
 Oh, that's a cool idea.
 Yeah.
 It's not changing horses.
 Well, that's actually the reason they did it, because people were used to changing horses.
 And this was kind of the obvious way of doing it.
 Well, it's what, like, you get up in the morning, you look outside your door, you get your nice
 polished shoes, go down, you take a fresh horse.
 Someone has recharged your shoes. Rechargeable batteries were invented in 1859.
 Wow.
 So it's quite early, right?
 Yeah.
 So that's Gaston Plontet who invents them, and that's quite exciting.
 But that's already 20-odd years after the first electric car. It's really amazing how
 early they were, because we now look at electric cars and we kind of go like, oh, you know,
 Elon Musk.
 But like the electric car is like so much more established than fuel and petrol.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And for a long time.
 But for 20 years, they couldn't recharge the batteries.
 That's the thing.
 Yeah, the battery, finished it.
 Yeah.
 Like, bang.
 Throw the car away.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Well, yeah, I mean, you just chuck it and you get a new one.
 The guy I like is, have you heard of Sibrande Strating?
 No.
 No?
 No?
 He's Dutch guy.
 He's not, he sort of deserves more or renown.
 He's quite cool.
 And he possibly invented the first electric car that's like decent, and we know about.
 There's a Scotsman who, called Robert Anderson, who may be invented one in the 1830s, but we
 don't know much about it.
 But Sibrande Strating, who lived in Groningen, he was a Dutch chemistry professor.
 And in 1835, he makes an electric car that weighs about three kilos.
 It's a tricycle.
 He can carry about 1.5 kilos, which is a guinea pig.
 I don't know.
 It's not great, is it?
 It can go for 20 minutes.
 And it's 1835, nearly 200 years ago.
 And this thing is already electrified.
 But he's very cool because he also, he spoke 13 languages.
 He built early electric light bulbs 50 years before Edison.
 He fought a pandemic.
 There was a malaria outbreak in Groningen, and he built a small chlorine factory to
 create disinfectant for the people.
 And he built an electric boat.
 So this one sort of chemistry professor in the mid-1830s was just sort of going, "Yeah,
 I'll do a bit of this, a bit of that, a bit of this."
 But yeah, electric car.
 So cool.
 Why don't we know his name?
 I think he's sort of been slightly forgotten.
 And I discovered a PhD thesis by a Dutch historian who's been trying to like, just get back to
 the basics because it's really fascinating.
 And I've got a picture of the car here.
 You can't...
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 I've got a picture of it.
 The electricity meant that the electric car failed.
 Oh, no.
 Dramatic irony.
 Yes.
 I mean, dramatic irony up the wazoo.
 That's insane.
 Yeah.
 And there was another thing, the muffler.
 The muffler was invented, which made petrol cars quieter.
 Yeah.
 Oh, because, yeah, that was a big issue, right?
 And they got cheaper and cheaper.
 But it's also the discovery of oil, right?
 Yeah, the discovery of oil was a minor third element.
 It's hugely revolutionised.
 Because, I mean, Edison is talking to Ford, I think.
 They're having conversations about whether to go big
 and produce electric cars on mass.
 Because at this point, you know,
 so London got electric tube trains in 1890.
 It got electric trams in 1901.
 And it got electric buses called electrode buses in 1907.
 And they were powered by batteries.
 So if you go on YouTube, there's footage of, like,
 Leicester Square or Piccadilly Circus in, like, 1908 or something.
 There are electric buses pootling around.
 Crazy.
 We were saying we did a show about suffragettes recently,
 but you do see these images where suffragettes
 are on electric scooters.
 Yeah.
 And, I mean, it's basically London today.
 Popping a wheelie.
 Yeah, exactly.
 How they were getting to, you know, throw bricks at parliament
 and stuff via electric scooter, which is mad.
 And one of the big things, I guess, is that there was so much resistance,
 not only from members of the public
 who might not have thought that this was a useful thing,
 but by the rail workers as well.
 Because trains were, you know, everyone would be out of the job
 if suddenly these electric cars worked.
 So early cars were being hit by a whole group and whole industry,
 because they just thought, "No way, we don't want to."
 My favourite electric car from this era is called the Electro Bat.
 Oh, yeah.
 1894.
 I feel like Batman in an electric car,
 but like a really cute pootling 15-mile-an-hour one.
 That's a Chris Nolan movie I want to see.
 In order to defeat fear, you must become fear,
 but only at 15 miles an hour.
 In America, this is in the '50s now,
 they used to do mass car blessings.
 If you got a car, you used to go to the church
 and have your car blessed just for, you know, good karma, basically.
 I'm mixing my religions there, but yeah.
 Oh, nice.
 Oh, oh, shit!
 Oh, wow!
 You cool.
 You stealth-punned yourself.
 Wow, that was cool.
 Care to come back into the room, Mr. Shriver?
 I'm just doing my victory lap, Andy.
 I'm sorry.
 So, yeah, so you would take it to church
 and you would have it blessed by a priest.
 Is it like a drive-through?
 No, but they did have en masse.
 En masse?
 Oh, fuck!
 I am on fire!
 I feel like if I put my shoes on you, they're going to recharge.
 What puns coming next?
 No one knows.
 I'm too nervous.
 I'm going to start trying to think of one, and I should just say it.
 Stay in that state.
 I'll stay in the zone, yeah.
 Okay, so, yeah, so they would do mass blessings and so on,
 and it would be thousands.
 Yeah, pretty cool, hey.
 We do need to move on in a second.
 In 2010, Renault in France were sued
 for trying to call their new electric car the Zoe.
 Can you guess why?
 The Zoe.
 Okay, so was it by another person called Zoe,
 who didn't want to be Zoe Wanamaker?
 It was, well, it was by two married couples
 who both had daughters named Zoe Renault.
 Their surname was Renault, it's just a name, you know.
 And so they said, "Our children's lives will be irreversibly damaged
 if you call your new car the Renault Zoe."
 And they basically brought a case saying first names are for humans,
 not for cars.
 So French.
 And then...
 But listen to this.
 This is from the reporting of the time, right?
 The lawyer also argued that all of France's thousands of Zoe's
 could be affected with playground teasing,
 and, as they grow older,
 comments in bars such as, "Can I see your airbags?"
 Or, "Can I shine your bumper?"
 Case was rejected flat out of hand.
 LAUGHTER
 I do need to move this on to our final fact.
 It is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that in 1908,
 the New York Times reported on a dog in France
 that was deliberately knocking children into the sen
 before rescuing them and claiming a reward.
 So, yeah, this is a thing that happened.
 It was in the New York Times that the headline was,
 "Dog, a fake hero."
 And they said that he was doing it to win beef steaks.
 And, yeah, basically a child had fallen into the river,
 and he'd gone and saved the child,
 and they'd given him a big old steak,
 and he thought, "Well, I could do it a bit more of that."
 And sure enough, over the next few days,
 more and more children started falling in the sen.
 And the same dog kept saving them.
 That's amazing. Isn't it cool?
 That's incredible, isn't it?
 How long did the scam go before people went hanging on us?
 It was only a few times.
 The newspaper article said it wasn't too long
 before the jig was up, so, yeah.
 But, actually, this isn't the first dog who's done this.
 I found an article in The Spectator from 1885
 about a dog in Lake Ontario
 who had pulled a boy out of Lake Ontario,
 and they'd taken him, and they said he went to a confectioner's
 and had a variety of cakes and other sweets.
 I'm not sure if dogs were allowed to eat cakes
 and other sweets, but they did anyway.
 But, yeah, sure enough,
 he started pushing kids into the lake.
 Wow.
 It's such a good example of unintended consequences.
 It's brilliant, isn't it?
 I was looking into life-saving dogs,
 and I found a report.
 This is from 2009, right?
 That Italy had 300 life-saving dogs
 that were stationed at beaches.
 Okay, I'm just going to tell you what it said, right?
 And then we can get into it,
 because the vice president of the training school
 was a woman called Donna Pascuali,
 and she said, I'm quoting here,
 "The dogs learned to tow their instructors out to sea,
 "so they had the medical strengths
 "to give attention to drowning swimmers."
 Oh, yeah, that makes sense.
 Does it? Well, if you don't have a boat,
 if you don't have a boat... Okay, that's the if.
 That's the big if. Yeah.
 Because why can't you just have a boat?
 But, okay...
 They spent all the money on dogs.
 Exactly. She says...
 Okay, okay, Dan, that's...
 Okay, so maybe you don't have a boat on any of the 300 beaches
 where you stationed the dogs. Yeah.
 Here's what Ms Pascuali said.
 "The dogs are incredibly strong.
 "Our record is one dog towing 40 people at the same time."
 What? Oh, my gosh.
 Are they Newfoundland dogs?
 Who fucking cares, Dan? It's 40 people!
 Yeah. One dog can't tow 40 people.
 No, that's impossible.
 Are they not on a lilo? Are they not on, like, a sort of...
 Are they floating on the surface so you're still...
 Exactly. They're not swimming.
 So, why are the dogs towing 40 doctors?
 Obviously, like, at that point, I feel, "Get a boat."
 Sometimes, Andy, and I only know this
 because I do watch a lot of Baywatch,
 you can't make it out past the surf on a boat, right?
 So, when you're swimming, if you're on a speedboat
 and the waves are coming in thick and high,
 you're going to get flipped over. You're not going to make it out.
 So, that's why David Hasselhoff always runs
 with that little red thing that looks like a mini,
 like, micro surfboard and does that.
 Now, let me ask you this. Let me ask you this.
 OK, go on.
 How much better would Baywatch be if he had a dog under his arm
 and was able to conserve his energy?
 And he surfed the dog. There you go.
 Not surf it, but, like, get out there in that sort of way, right?
 Amazing. It makes total sense.
 Oh, well, you've put me back in my box, Dan.
 I thought that was an insane thing about a dog towing 40 people,
 but you've made me see it as a very reasonable...
 The reason I mentioned Newfoundland dogs is because
 a lot of rescue boats take Newfoundland dogs with them on it
 in order to... They're amazing at saving people.
 They're these big, fluffy life rafts, basically.
 They get into the water. You can lay on them
 like your quake winslet on the door,
 and you can be saved dry.
 And there's a story in Greg. I wanted to ask you about this.
 Actually, full disclosure, it's the only time I've ever asked a guest
 whether or not this is true, and you said, "No."
 But I'm going to ask you anyway.
 I mean, actually, Napoleon fell off a boat
 and a Newfoundland dog jumped in after him and saved him.
 No.
 So your answer is still the same as before the show,
 is what you're saying.
 I mean, there's a billion stories about Napoleon,
 and you can never, ever rely on any of them.
 OK, right. Yeah, maybe, maybe, maybe.
 Oh, upgraded to a maybe.
 I'm still taken by your vision of Titanic's closing scenes there.
 Get off the dog!
 I've got some other hero dogs who might be villains,
 but not really, but they're not villains,
 but they might have stolen a bit of thunder from other dogs.
 So the most famous one is Balto. Have you ever heard of Balto?
 Balto, no. Balto.
 He was a hero dog, really famous,
 because he was part of a team of sled dogs,
 sort of 120-odd dogs and 20 mushers,
 150 dogs, I think, who saved a town in Alaska in 1925 called Nome,
 and they had a terrifying outbreak of a really horrible disease.
 I think it was diphtheria.
 They couldn't get their medicine to them because it was just frozen,
 the planes wouldn't get there, the ships wouldn't get there,
 and a team of kind of sled dog mushers, I guess, volunteered,
 and they had to take this medicine 670 miles in terrifying,
 you know, the worst possible Alaskan weather you can think of.
 And it's called the Great Mercy Race for Nome,
 and Balto was the lead dog in the final leg
 and became like a Hollywood celebrity.
 They put a statue up in Central Park, became a really famous,
 he was stuffed to put in a museum, and everyone was like,
 "Balto was a crap dog."
 "Really? Balto, the hero dog? He was never a good dog.
 There were other dogs, really that dog, that dog."
 And it sort of turns out maybe that the musher,
 at the end, a guy called Gunnar Carson,
 he had been doing the second to last leg,
 and he got to the kind of weigh station
 and found the other guy who was meant to finish the run was asleep,
 and he says, "Oh, well, I didn't want to wake him up and delay.
 I thought we just had to get to Nome,
 and so I did the final leg on my own as well."
 So he did two legs with Balto as his lead dog.
 But there's a sort of controversy
 as to whether he stole this guy's thunder,
 stole the other dog's thunder,
 and the Balto, the kind of mediocre dog and Carson,
 but basically nabbed the headlines
 and ended up as the hero of this enormous sort of relay race
 to save a town.
 But there's a bit of a kind of controversy
 as to whether he maybe nicked that from someone else.
 And I guess they kind of don't care that much
 because it gets a story out there still, right?
 And it's like the face of the story,
 so that's kind of the important part.
 I've got another villain that I found out as well.
 Worth mentioning.
 Have you heard of the DC superhero called Dog Welder?
 No? No, I'm sorry, Dog Welder.
 So Dog Welder, he was a villain,
 and what he used to do was weld people's dogs to their faces.
 That was his thing.
 And he has, you can read a sort of bio on him,
 so powers and abilities.
 Abilities. Dog Welding.
 Obsession has a strong compulsion to weld dogs on people's faces.
 Equipment. Welding equipment.
 Weapons. Dogs.
 Which he welds onto people's faces.
 And so this was a DC comic?
 Yeah.
 Wasn't he part of a...
 I think I remember that he was in a team,
 and one of the others in the team was the defenestrator
 who carried around a window to throw people through.
 I think you're thinking, because he gets rid of now,
 I think you're thinking of Dog Welder 2,
 who was basically, there was a husband
 who one day goes to an antique shop.
 He's possessed by original Dog Welder's welding equipment,
 which happens to be in the shop.
 And then he immediately gets very obsessed with welding dogs
 and welds the family dog to his children's faces.
 His wife is furious.
 She divorces him.
 And so he's like struggling with it,
 because he wants to get back with these kids.
 He's like, why am I welding dogs to people's faces?
 I don't understand what's going on.
 And then it turns out, and this is, he turns into a good guy,
 because he learns that actually there's a moment
 where the stars Sirius A and B are expanding,
 and if they touch, they'll explode and destroy Earth.
 And so...
 Wait a minute. The dog stars.
 The dog stars, and he realizes he's meant to weld them together.
 So he punches some NASA astronauts in the face,
 steals their outfits, their astronaut suits.
 Outfits, their suits.
 And flies beyond the moon to the Sirius stars,
 where he welds the planets, the stars back together,
 and he dies in the process.
 But so he turns good in the end, Dog Welder.
 It's a brilliant thing.
 When you weld a dog to a face, do you go dog face to human face?
 Do you do dog bum to human face?
 Do you do dog side?
 Like a human centipede.
 Is it schnauz or schnauz? Is it, you know...
 I would have thought the side of the dog to the side of the face.
 That's why I was thinking. I would think so.
 But don't you have to have metal to weld things together?
 Yeah. Yeah.
 Oh. Oh, hang on.
 Mr. One Dog can tow 40 people.
 No, you're right, Andy. Let me write to Fantasyland,
 the care of James and Andy.
 If we welded a Newfoundland to David Hasselhoff...
 We must wrap up soon, but...
 Can I tell you one last thing? Yeah.
 In 2015, the Telegraph reported on a stray dog called Archie,
 who had been rescued.
 It was a really nice story and coached back to strength by a volunteer,
 Jack Russell, little dog,
 and it was a lovely French nursery school teacher
 who had been volunteering at the centre
 and spending all of her weekends with him.
 She sang him lots of songs in French
 and she called him Montpetit Choux and all of this.
 And as a result, Archie now only reacts to commands
 given in a French accent.
 And if you want Archie to do anything,
 you have to say, "Sit!"
 And he won't do anything else.
 "Wackies!" Yeah, exactly.
 I got a very, very quick story.
 No, go for it. We have a few more minutes.
 OK, so about clever dogs. Yeah.
 So the Spectator, which is where I told you about
 the second evil dog,
 they actually got a bit of a reputation
 in the 19th century for sort of clever dog stories
 to such an extent that whenever any other newspaper
 would write about them, they'd say,
 "Oh, this is yet another Spectator dog."
 But they would always get people writing in with these stories
 and they all said they were definitely true.
 So there was one person who said that they were in church
 and there was a new priest
 and the priest was saying a sermon
 and it was going on for ever and ever and ever.
 And there was a dog in there and he got restless
 and the dog knew that an altar boy
 would always go around with the plates to collect money
 just before the end of the church service.
 And so what he did was, while this pastor was sort of droning on,
 he went over to the boy who always took it
 and sort of looked at him, just stared at him and said,
 "Well, when are you going to do your bloody thing?"
 And then when the boy didn't do anything,
 he started to beg for him to do the passing the plate round
 and when he didn't do anything about that,
 he started nuzzling him and trying to push him around the church
 to try and get him to do this part of the mass.
 And then knocked out the boy, took his cassock,
 dressed up as the boy,
 conducted the search.
 Sorry, not the search.
 What's the free money thing at the end of the church?
 Free money?
 You're doing it wrong if it's free money.
 Not the collection.
 The collection, I'm not going to say the tipping, which is not...
 Can I just ask, what is the tax implication of the free money?
 Can I just ask, what is the tax implication of the free money?
 All right, need to wrap us up, guys. That is it.
 That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland. James.
 @JamesHarken. Andy. @AndrewHunderen.
 And Greg. Greg_Jenner.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing.
 Go to our website, NoSuchThingIsAfish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 You can also join Club Fish.
 Any Club Fish members in here, Turner?
 Oh, wow, quite a few. Okay, cool.
 Join them. They sound fun.
 And we will be back again next week with another episode.
 Thank you so much, Soho Theatre. That was awesome.
 Thank you, Greg. We will be back again, as I say, next week.
 Goodbye!
 (Applause)
 (Applause)
 (Applause)
 (Music)
 (upbeat music)
