 And welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast this week
 coming to you live from Geneva. My name is Dan Schreiber I am sitting here with Anna
 Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the
 microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order
 here we go starting with you Anna. My fact this week is that jobs that have recently
 been added to the US census include dose scaler, automotive window tinter and blimp pilot.
 These are the jobs of the modern world apparently. What is a pilot? Well we'll come onto that blimp
 the back in baby. What is a dose scaler? Yeah it's a really good question it's something
 to do with baking. Now I understand thank you. The US has a census every every ten years
 like a lot of places and then every year they do the American community survey where
 they still interview lots of people and the way they find out about the jobs people
 have got is they just ask describe what you do you know what your roles in in tail and
 then if enough people describe a similar thing that doesn't yet fit into a category they
 add that category and enough people to describe the work that goes into scaling dough.
 It's amazing. To make dose scaler a new job. There are a lot out there there are a lot
 of these jobs as an entire spreadsheet which I've read through well I've read through the
 start of it. The first in the list is Abeloni Fisherman. It's on the alphabetical order.
 You can be an abrasive grinder. I know I am. You have an abrasive grinder profile.
 There is alcoholic counsellor which sounds like it's the counsellor who's an alcoholic.
 Yeah. Oh I'm your local counsellor I just want to count on your vote.
 There is some people in America who describe themselves as an animal killer and also an
 animal avisorator. Wow. I know. And just let me do this. This is all things from the
 B category. So baby nurse. I'm not sure if that's a baby who's a nurse or a bull holder.
 Bull holder. Bull shagger. Bull point pen cartridge tester. Banana expert. Bean snapper.
 Bean robber. Beef killer. Belly builder. Biscuit wear. Bladder blower. Bone puller. Bone worker.
 Boring machine operator. Bottom cementer. Bottom filler. Bottom sprayer. I'm breast worker.
 Breast worker. That old genuine thing that you can do. Do you say beef killer? Beef killer.
 Is that for people who are still not sure if they're cow's dead and they just really want
 to really make sure. I think that's what they've been in it for, you know, some time presumably.
 They're old so they have the latest one up there so I don't know if they're new. I don't
 know when they came in. It's a weird thing because these are the census jobs. It's sort
 of there's a lot of I guess humor as well in it where people just write a fake job down
 and those have been collected over the years. So these are obviously all real but I was reading.
 It goes back to the 1881 census from the British in Britain. Sorry. They have great ones
 that are on there and this was tweeted by someone called Jordan Erica Weber. She found these.
 So on the census in 1881 there was artificial skon maker. Body washer. Body is in your bum bum.
 It's got me the medical mumbo jumbo down. Examiner of underclothing ferret weaver fish
 bender, grape dryer, turnip shepherd and 52 years in imbecile. I wrote this list too because
 some people just put their sort of status in life as opposed to their job. So one person
 wrote fatuous pauper. Another one wrote very feeble. One person, this intrigues me, wrote
 drowning. I want to know about the circumstances under which then the answer to the next question
 was I assume when I saw that it was for rabid animals maybe. You have to drown an animal
 that's going to kill people. Why do you have to drown it? How are you going to kill a rabid
 kitten? Why have you turned this back on me? Why are you going to drown it? Sorry, I'll
 give my rabid kitten to you next time I have one. I'm actually only qualified as a beef
 killer. They're always doing weird stuff in the olden days with animals like contorting
 them into weird shapes. Did you mention fish bender? Is that before they invented balloons
 and they just had to do it with the real thing. Children's birthday parties were so traumatic.
 They were poodle but it was a cat before. They had a cow banger. Don't you mention that cow
 banger and then the fish bender which you mentioned. What is a cow banger an abattoir person?
 I assume it must be and maybe there were more flu between what beef men in that you can
 kill it and bang cows. When the census happens in the USA, there are 600,000 people working
 on it which means that the act of taking the census alters the unemployment rate by 0.2%.
 So when they're going through is it just like census taker, census taker. There's a weird
 thing that happens with the American census which is on the, I think it's done on April
 the 1st, weirdly. So it must encourage a lot of people to write bizarre things. Except for
 one place which is Alaska where it happens on the 25th of January and the reason for that
 is because by the time April the 5th comes around it's too cold there so everyone's gone.
 They've just gone to warmer places and no one's there to do the census.
 Mate, why do you think it's getting colder as the year goes on?
 Sorry. Do you think it's colder in April in Alaska that it is in January?
 The reason is...
 Hang on, we'll spend December in January in Alaska when it's lovely.
 But then we'll get out of there for April.
 35 years at Inbecile.
 Sorry, I come from Australia. Our seasons are different there.
 Yeah, yeah. I've actually quite a good excuse.
 I've been there for 16 years. It's a terrible excuse.
 I think it's because it gets a bit warmer there and when it gets warmer in Alaska, then the
 people who live there go and do things like fishing, they're in communities that go fishing
 and hunting so when you go round to take, look, join my notes.
 When they go round to take the census no one's home. I think that's partly silly with
 it, right?
 That's not so sure.
 People used to prank the census. This was really exciting in 1911 in the UK.
 It was the first time that people got to actually hand right their own responses.
 So that's quite cool for a number of reasons because it means you find very famous people
 in there, Winston Churchill is in there, just listing what he does.
 But there's also, for example, a man who, it was only the head of the household who wrote
 the responses. One man listed one of the occupants of his house as Peter Tabby, whose occupation
 is Mouser and his nationality is Persian and the census representative has crossed out
 this line. You can see the cross-out line and Britain beneath it, this is a cat.
 We have to round it now.
 We're going to have to move on in a second, guys.
 Oh, can I just say some things that other things that have been written on censuses is.
 So the people who are taking them, right, interesting stuff, in the 19th century, in America, in the
 19th century in the UK, this was, the censors take up a go round and often they'd ask
 the questions and then write down the answers themselves and it was about taking a census
 of everyone in the household. But sometimes you had a homeless person who was camping
 out in a barn or things like that. So, for instance, in one census, someone was recorded
 on the census, but he just wrote next to him drinking, slept in shed, unclear whether he
 was a member of the household. Another one was recorded as at home, but dead.
 Would you want someone to clarify? If you go, "Oh, it's James in," you want someone to
 clarify. I was like, "Yes, but he is dead." There was one really snooty one in Hampshire,
 in the Hampshire Parish Record, actually, that someone found online and it was recording
 the existence of the baptised bastard child of Mary Brown, gotten of John Smith, brackets,
 so she say it, close brackets.
 Well, because it was often vickers who recorded it and they were very judgmental. So the very
 reverend Dr. Peter Scrimshire would go to go around doing all of his parishes and responses,
 and so he found an unmarried mother and he just described her occupation as "man-trap."
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact. My fact this week is, heavy metal
 musician Tony Iomi began playing heavy metal guitar with two metal fingers because he
 lost his real ones while working at a metal factory. This is Tony Iomi from the band "Black
 Sabbath." I got this fact, I just have to say, it's one of the best books I've read in
 a long time. It's called "History of Heavy Metal" by a friend of ours, Andrew O'Neal, who's
 a comedian, but he's written a proper history of heavy metal as just brilliant, packed with
 facts, lots of funny jokes. The opening line is one of my favourite opening lines to a book.
 He says, "This is the opening line. There are two types of people in the world. People
 who like heavy metal and dicks." So Tony Iomi, he was working in a metal factory and he was
 asked to do a job that he would never done before and he was meant to quit that very day and
 he, in fact, stayed at home and his mum made him go in to do the job. He was working and
 suddenly, when operating machine, the two tips of his second and third finger were chopped
 off. The bone was still there. He went to the hospital and they said, "We're going
 to have to saw the bones off." And he was very depressed and a friend of his brought in a record
 of a guy called Django Reinhardt, very famous guitarist who could only play with two fingers
 on his guitar because the rest were paralyzed and he thought, "Okay, I can do this." So he
 started experimenting with ways that he could make tips for his fingers so that he could
 start playing again. And the first iteration of that was metal. He used metal to make that.
 Then he moved on to soldering a cap from a soap bottle down, attaching some leather around
 it and using that. And what's extraordinary about this is what it's saying is that Tony
 Iomi is credited with inventing heavy metal. Black Sabbath is said to be the first heavy metal
 album and it was because of the situation that he couldn't play with regular strings. So
 he had to buy banjo strings for his guitar. He lowered them down and by lowering down the
 notes, he started playing the first metal riffs and that's why we have heavy metal because
 he lost two fingers in the metal factory. That is unbelievable.
 It's almost like he set it up. It's too perfect. I think he did it just to get his
 mum back before he seemed to go to work. The only thing I know about Tony Iomi is that he
 was pretty nuts. I think like Black Sabbath did behave in a gratifyingly crazy way back
 in the day, like you think they did, but he once exploded Richard Branson's prize cup.
 They went to say Richard Branson's house, Black Sabbath, and he decided to launch some
 fireworks into his let into Branson's lake, where there were his prize cup, which do cost
 many thousands of pounds and he exploded them all.
 Occupation, cup detonator.
 Do you know that heavy metal has a birthday? Oh, stop it. No it does. I mean, what is it? Because
 Black Sabbath's first album was seen as the very first heavy metal album and it was released
 on Friday the 13th in February 1970. That's the birthday of heavy metal. Yeah, surely deliberate.
 Metal probably has more subgenres than any other kind of music I reckon. There's a big
 list on Wikipedia. They have national socialist black metal on the far right and red and anarchist
 black metal on the far left. They have Viking metal, war metal, unblack metal, sludge metal,
 pirate metal, space metal, grind core, death core, core grind, death grind, porno grind,
 math core. Math core. No, math core. Math core. Just maths. Very loud, shouting maths. They have,
 speaking of school subjects, they have Latin metal, but unfortunately it's about Latin American
 music, not all in Latin. So they have geography metal?
 Wow. But I wonder if it's like the people's front of Judea and the Judea's people's front.
 Do you think they all hate each other? All the metal. Because they sound pissed off about
 something. From the book, the, the, the, the suggestion that yeah, the split groups are,
 they don't think there is, you know, hardcore as each other. Yeah. So that's it. Like glam
 metal, motley crew and all that sort of famously wearing lycra and stuff like that. Oh, glam.
 Yes, sorry, I thought it was a gland metal. That's another, it's so genre. Well, they had, in the
 Simpsons once, there was a Simpsons episode where they quoted a Judea's priest song and they
 referred to it as death metal and they got so many furious letters from metal fans saying
 Judea's priest is not death metal. That in the next episode of The Simpsons, the message
 that brought up on the board, what, you know, he writes on the blackboard, the message was
 Judea's priest is not death metal. Wow. Some people who are, some things that do like death metal
 is sharks. Yeah. Um, the tips. Well, let's face it. There was a team from the Discovery Channel
 in 2015 who wanted to attract a large female great whites called Joan of Shark. Do, do, do,
 do. And they put this speaker in the water and played a load of death metal and it didn't
 attract Joan, but it attract a load of other sharks. So it does seem like they like the vibrations
 of death metal in particular. Oh, very good. Oh, I have a, I have a fact about, it's, it's
 related and you'll see why, but it's about Mozart. It's not about metal. But it's about, I was
 looking at musicians who've overcome impairments basically. Okay. So Mozart started going deaf
 at the age of 26, which is a huge problem, obviously, but it's, sorry, Beethoven? Yes, it
 is. Yeah. Great. Should we begin again? So Beethoven started going deaf at, no, stop it.
 No. Come on. How's that going to sound? What am I going to say? Beethoven started going
 deaf at the age of 26 and it started with Timotus and there are lots of theories as to why he
 had the Timotus. So the theories as to why include that he may have had lead poisoning or
 syphilis or typhus or that it was due to his habit of immersing his head in cold water to keep
 himself awake. Wow. Yeah. Wait, and that's so the relationship to the previous fact is the
 sharks are also immersed in cold water. Correct. Got it. I couldn't tell you that at the beginning
 because it was the end of this phase. Spoiler. Yeah. Spoiler that. Brilliant fact about
 Mozart or Beethoven or whoever it was. We need to move on to something like that. I've got some
 stuff about people who've lost fingers. Okay. Yeah. So one group of people who've lost a lot of
 fingers is cavemen and women. So cavepersons. So do you mean historical ones? I do. I don't mean
 people who live in caves today. I mean, how on earth do we know this? The main physical
 impression that we have of people who live particularly in caves is handprints that were
 left in lots of caves in France and in a few other countries. So there's the gargous cave in France
 which has 231 handprints left by the people who live there. Of those, 114 are missing at least one
 finger. And there are other caves where it's also 50/50. The handprints that are there are missing
 at least. And we think they were all working in metal factories too. Yeah. It was the bronze age.
 There was a lot of it going on. There's lots of theories. So one is that it was a punishment or
 one is that it was a kind of ritual thing. Some people think it was frostbite and some people
 think they were just folding down their fingers. They were doing in the metal sign. Well, the ancient
 Greeks used to cut off dead people's fingers. So this was they were paranoid that people weren't
 actually dead and they cremated them or buried them when they were still alive. And so to check,
 they cut off a finger. The reasoning being that if you weren't dead then you'd say something.
 Wow. Well, we know he's at home but we're not sure if he's dead or not. You know, if you do the
 peace sign with your two fingers, if you do that and you're photographed from within nine feet
 on a smartphone, your fingerprints can be stolen, reconstructed, printed out and used to access
 your stuff. No. Yeah. Wow. I know. We should say that, I don't know if they gave us permission
 to say this, but I'm sure they did. When we were at Sir and earlier, we were talking about the idea
 that you get your eyeballs scanned and checked to give you entry to places. I think it came up in
 angels and demons and downbrowns at it. And so apparently they tested it out. Some scientists tested
 that out to see if that does work and it turns out it doesn't. So if anyone was going to murder somebody
 to get their eyeball to let them into a building, it doesn't work at my point. Yeah. If it's not used
 any of Dan Brown's works as a way to live your life. Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is
 James. Okay, my fact this week is that in 19th century Romania, there were people who sold shadows
 and they would sell your shadow without your permission. So then you would die less than one year later.
 According to superstition. So in Southeast Europe, they used to have this tradition where you could
 use your shadow as a sacrifice when making a new building. Okay, so basically you would stand there
 in the sun and then they would put where your shadow is and they would put the first block there
 and then they would build the rest of the house and supposedly it would stop the house from falling
 down. But like I say, unfortunately it would mean that the person who shadow it was would die within a
 year according to superstition. So people didn't really want to do that and so what they would do is they
 would sneakily entice people to stand over next to a building site and say, oh, just stand over that
 and they're like, you're not going to stop building the house here, are you? No, no, no, no. And then they
 would do it and then they would die within a year according to superstition. And then people kind
 of got wise to that and you had shadow traders who would kind of stand next to you in the street and
 they'd see your shadow and then they'd sneakily measure it and then they'd give the measurements to
 a builder and that supposedly counted that if they put the measurements in their foundations and
 that would work as well. And so did these people go home and then suddenly look down at the floor and
 say, oh my god, I've got no shadow. No, unfortunately the laws of physics stayed the same.
 They always, they mostly do. One of these are the same guys who are in.
 Do you know what the precursor to this was though? This tradition. This was actually a more humane
 version of what came before it apparently, which was that the idea was that you had to ward ghosts
 and terrible spirits away from this new house. So what they used to do was either crush someone under
 the foundation stone of a house or put a living person into like in between the walls of the house
 so that they would die there and their spirit could haunt it and scare away other spirits now.
 I can see where the dying within a year bit comes out. Yeah. Not according to superstition at all.
 That's just... You wouldn't want to buy a new build house in 19th century Romania, would you?
 Was that someone at the door? No, that's just the guy in the wall who's still dying.
 You know whenever, whenever any man goes to look at a new house, all they do is kind of knock on the
 walls, don't they? And no one has any idea why they're doing it. It's a ritual as old as you're
 just finding the guy. Yeah. So I was looking a bit at shadows. Oh yeah. And I was looking at shadow
 puppets. Okay. So most shadow puppet shapes were invented by the same man. Really? This is amazing.
 So he was called Felicia Truey and the art was called Chinese shadows or Ormbrushing was.
 And he popularized it basically and he wrote a book saying I can do everything. I can do the elephant,
 the bird, the cat. And there were a lot of people as well. There was the volunteer, the fisherman,
 the preacher, the jockey, the rope dancer. He didn't entire play, which was just him doing hand
 shadows. Yeah. And this was, it was really, really popular in the 19th century. And he had one other
 trick as well. His other art was Chapagraphy. Chapagraphy. Can you guess what that is?
 Hey, writing? It's hats. He would get a single piece of felt. Okay, single normal piece of felt.
 He would fold it into different shapes repeatedly to make different kinds of hat.
 And this was really huge. This was the most exciting thing.
 And sorry, this was before the internet was it? There is actually, there's footage of very late,
 like a 19th century Chapagraphy happening. It doesn't call actually. It doesn't, and he, you know,
 he takes it off or it's a later practitioner takes it off. He could do 35 differently shaped hats
 with a single piece of felt. And when he puts on everyone, he does a little face to say, look,
 this is the nun, or this is the fisherman, or this is the other person. But it was not bad.
 Again, it's just the precursor to the balloon contorter, isn't it?
 Yeah. Children's birthday parties have always been the same.
 Yeah, right. Shadow puppetry, there's the reason they called it Chinese Shadow puppetry.
 I mean, it is because China did it for 2,000 years before this guy started. But they didn't,
 but they, but they used them, actually, they didn't use their hands because they made wooden puppets
 in the cast their shadows. Yes, it's the plagiarist.
 Oh, here comes the lawyer.
 Chinese, so in China, there's evidence of it happening since the 2nd century BC.
 And the legend always went in China that the reason it was invented was because there was an emperor,
 the emperor Wu D, and his favorite concubine died, and he was really devastated.
 And so one of his mystic assistants started Shadow puppetry in order to convince him that his
 concubine had come back from the dead. So he just made the figure of his concubine and cast her shadow
 on the wall and was like, look, she's just over there in the room. And apparently that made
 she had him up no end. And it caught on. I don't know if he fully believed that she'd come back.
 He could never quite have a conversation with her again. But it caught on and then it was brought
 to you by Genghis Khan, or by Genghis Khan and the Mongols of marauding armies. That wasn't the
 main aim though, was it? Spread the shadow puppetry. That's why they did it. He's always painted
 in a bad light. He was just trying to spread the arts and culture. This one is the invading Horde,
 who will burn your village. The invading Mongol armies traveled with a horde of shadow puppeteers
 to keep them entertained. They did not. They did. They had shadow puppeteers in their troop. Wow.
 You were even the Mongols had an off day. Wait, do you mean a day off when they'd enjoy the shadow
 puppetry? I mean a day off, not bad day. Do you know they've invented building skyscrapers that
 don't have shadows? Wow. This is really cool. Using computers, they've done this. You need two of
 them. You have these two big buildings and then the light comes on and they reflect off like a mirror,
 but then one reflects on to the other and the other reflects on to that one. Basically the light
 just very slowly goes to the floor and there's no shadow at all. It only works if they're exactly
 on the Greenwich Meridian in London. So you have to build them exactly there in the centre where
 they're already as a museum. Yeah. But in theory it works. Does it have a use? That's the question.
 The shadowless building. So the idea is like if you were to build it, you could put it anywhere
 and slightly change the metrics and you could build it in a different place. These ones
 only work in Greenwich but other ones can work anywhere. And let's say you want to build a massive
 building near Central Park, for instance, in New York, but you don't want to have a massive shadow
 over the park because people want to sunbathe. You can put these things there and then they won't be
 getting in people's way. And the other thing is there's a lot of buildings that are now being built
 at a solar powered. And so if you've got a solar powered building or a house or a farm and
 suddenly a big building is just knocking out the sun, you can't operate. So there's new laws
 that are being put in place to say that you can't have a shadow come over you if you're. Wow.
 Yeah. Because they do, they have a tax on shadows in Italy in some places already which I thought
 was absurd but it's sounding more sensible. But this is small business owners in mainly in a place
 called Konegliano in Italy have to pay local tax on the shadows that their buildings cast.
 And it's like a hundred years per annum and they didn't really know they were paying it until recently
 and they went what the fuck? I'm paying for my shadow. And the idea is that if you're building
 a castle shadow on someone else's land then you are occupying that person's land. And so you have
 to pay a tax on that. That's really interesting. Yeah. You can get a shadow boyfriend in Japan. That's good.
 This is kind of like the Chinese emperor thing actually. So it's a device that was allegedly
 at the prototype stage last year although I don't think it's made it very much further than that.
 But it projects the shadow of a man onto your curtains. It's basically what Kevin does in
 home alone. If you remember that he pretends he's hosting a party. Yeah. So is that a boyfriend or a
 burglar? No, it's the burglar season and he sees oh well there's a big strong man there
 so I won't try and burglar that home. And you can choose the activities. There are as a range
 of activities you can get them to do. So wait lifting, playing guitar, boxing, just swinging a
 baseball bat around. It feels like overkill. And there are more realistic ones where they're just
 sitting at a computer for ages. But if he's on the other side of the curtain, which is right against
 the window, right? No, no. So you're looking at the building from outside. And as the homeowner,
 you project the shadow onto the closed blinds of the closed curtain. So someone looking from the
 outside thinks they see a bodybuilder. Yeah. What's your beef? Well, who hangs out in front of a
 curtain by their window or a blind? Exactly. So you'd probably think the house was being
 burgled and reported. Oh wait, lots of people hang out. Burglers don't break it and just start
 doing some weightlifting. Not the weightlifting one, but it would be great if you could get a shadow
 thing to project the image of someone robbing your home. Because then the burglar will see it and
 think oh, the someone's already got that. Yes. Okay, we need to move on to our final fact of the show
 and that is Andy. My fact is that some aphids fix their homes by exploding themselves and plastering
 their own bodies over the holes in the walls. So this is a species called Nippon aphist monzani.
 And this is a scientific study by someone called Takema Fukatsu. And they live in very big lumps on
 trees, these aphids called ghouls. And sometimes these are invaded by caterpillars. And these young aphids
 are called nymphs. Technically they're dispatched to assassinate it to stab it to death. And as those
 guys get fighting, other little aphids soldiers rush there and their job is to explode. They're just
 full of fluid and they get there and then there are these two holes near their bottom and they just
 explode these globules of goo all over the place. And some of them get stuck in the glue as it
 hardens around them. So they're trying to mend the hole in the wall and fix the breach. And others
 release so much fluid. They shrink to a third of their original size and then they're just these
 little shrunken balloon aphids who can't do anything. And they die. That's a sad ending to that story
 actually. It's a sort of heroic sacrifice I guess. Oh yeah, yeah. Look at it like that. It's really
 amazing though, isn't it? And they think that the way it might have evolved is that originally these
 fluids would be helped if you just they just had like a cut on their elbow or something like that.
 It was almost like a scabbing thing like a human word, but then it's kind of got more and more and more
 and more so that now it's learned to scab over a plant rather than just the aphid itself.
 This is amazing, isn't it? Some of them seem to go outside the home and so some of them do the
 exploding and then some of them just secrete the gluey stuff and paste it on. But a lot of them do it
 from outside. So then they paste themselves outside their own home. That's tragic. And then they can
 never get back in. Can't get back in. They're bugged. Yeah. That's the real idiot kind of construction
 worker, isn't it? What have I done? They also do this exploding against predators, some of them. So
 cabbage aphids, they get chemicals from cabbages and they can mix certain chemicals and if a lady bird
 or something tries to eat them, they can explode and it's like almost like a mustard gas that goes into
 the lady bird's eyes and then it runs away and they can, well, they are dead. Oh, they die in the
 thing. Yeah, but they've saved their mates. That's the important thing. That's so cool. So they've got
 these two chemicals in different bits of their body and when they're attacked, they combine them.
 Yeah, that's right. And that's like in die hard three. That's the bomb in die hard three.
 That's the structure of the bomb in die hard three. That's amazing. They're incredible.
 Aphids. Can we talk about die hard three? Sorry. Sorry. Yeah, yeah. No, but they are extraordinary,
 aren't they? I was reading this thing about them, which is so they'll all exist on a plant, a colony
 of them will exist on a plant, but they don't have wings. So they all hang out there and a lot of them
 do have wings. Well, no, so yeah, but this is, yeah, so let's say with the species that don't have it,
 they'll be on this plant and they'll suck it dry or it'll get too overcrowded and they need to move
 on. So when that happens, they produce a generation of the same species with wings to fly away and then
 they land on another plant and then they lose the wings again and just hang out there. They can just,
 they can just suddenly have a generation of winged aphids of their species. That's really good. They
 have weird reproduction because they sort of alternate between sexually reproducing and then the
 women going, we can't be bothered to use men and then a sexually reproducing, which mostly they,
 they do the laughter. Don't they? Yeah. But when they're on plants, sometimes they'll be a whole bunch
 of aphids on a plant feeding on it and then they see a deer or something coming towards the
 plant and it's going to eat it so they all need to throw themselves off like a mass leap and then
 they get to the floor and the little ones piggyback on the bigger ones to escape. So you see the little
 aphids climbing onto the older aphids back and this is when it becomes more individualistic because
 a scientist who've watched this say the old ones are there trying to scrape them off as they're trying
 to escape. Go off me, but they do do it. That's amazing and you were saying how they can kind of reproduce
 without males, the females, they could do that up to 41 generations without having any sexual
 act with a male. But it does mean that if you had one aphid, one female aphid in a room and no aphids
 died, then there would be more than 1.5 billion, billion, billion aphids at the end of the season,
 which means that the earth could be covered in a layer of aphids 149 kilometers deep within a year.
 Wow, so they're just all most of them are dying. Well, that's why that's why ladybirds are so great.
 That's amazing. Is it true that they, sorry Andy, is it true that they are basically born pregnant?
 I kept reading this thing. That's extraordinary and then they give birth to offspring which
 already have embryos. Which are really like Russian dolls. They're just like there's a tinier aphid.
 Three times over. And then they just lift that upper torso off and out comes the smaller version.
 So the thing they really like is sap. They love sap. They also get called sap suckers. That's so much
 they like sap. And they excrete this thing as they feed which is called honeydew. And they have to eat
 so much plant sap because they need various nutrients and they can only get those nutrients in the
 quantities they need by ingesting a huge amount of sap. So the giant willow aphid produces four
 times its own body weight in sugar every day that it's excreting. So that's the equivalent of a human
 leaving behind a couple of bathtubs of water every day with 300 bags of sugar inside. That's what
 they're doing each day. And also other animals love this honeydew which is their aphid excrement.
 So sometimes if bees can't get nectar they will just lick up aphid poo instead because it's
 very high in sugar. It's fine. It is fine. It's just it's fine but it's not quite as good as nectar is it?
 It's not quite as good but it does still I mean if honey honey can be made of plant sap but it if
 that's been filtered through an aphid's bum and then formatted up by a bee. But the reason that
 their sugary excretions are most important is because of this amazing relationship they have with
 ants right that you can't talk about aphids without talking about ants because the ants love their
 honeydew which is such a weird euphemism for poo. But so they they have this really symbiotic
 relationship with ants and it's hard to know who's winning and who's losing in that relationship
 and so sometimes ants will bite off aphids' wings so they can't fly away but they can't kill them
 because they need to keep on licking their this honey stuff and so that means they defend them so
 when other attackers come and they want to eat their aphids then the ants will fight them off because
 they'll stop anyone killing them. This is really cool ant actually which is we think is the first
 meat farmer aside from humans. So it's an ant that farms aphids but for their meat because these
 aphids that don't actually produce this sweet stuff and so it's called the melissa tossus and it's
 about three millimeters long and basically they keep all these aphids together inside the bark of trees
 and they sort of farm them and they gradually eat them but what's quite quite cool about these
 ants is they've obviously got six legs but one of their pairs of legs their middle pair points
 up not down because they what uses that oh I guess if you fall on your back you can turn yourself
 over again. No it's because they're always burrowing through tunnels in trees and so it helps them
 get there to two feet on the roof while they've got four feet on the ground. That's amazing. It's cool
 right and also so we don't we're not totally sure they eat the aphids because they really hate being
 spied on they're very private like a lot of us and so we've seen that they keep the aphids sort of
 farmed inside the tree but whenever scientists drill holes in the tree the ants immediately block
 them up again so we haven't been able to watch yet. That's amazing we have to wrap up in a second.
 Some aphids defend themselves by having sex with other aphids and getting STDs and they actively seek out
 STDs because they give them superpowers. What superpowers do they get? Well it's a very specific superpower
 wasps like to lay eggs inside aphids and this is a big problem obviously because no one likes to have
 an egg laid inside them by a wasp. So but the good news is that there are particular STI bacteria
 which destroy developing wasp grubs in your body so the only way for a female to protect herself
 is to seek out a male with a sexually transmitted infection. Well how does she know? It's on
 this Tinder profile or something. I don't I don't know how the female knows that the male has it.
 So she's been parasitically implanted. I think it's before that. She might be like a prophylactic kind
 of mess. It's like a condom rather than the morning after pills. Yes. Yeah it's except the condom is
 getting an STD. Do you know that due to aphids or aphids had a real thing with wine in the 1900s,
 early 1900s and they really started attacking all the wine in the world. They were eating all of the
 roots and it meant that the French wine industry almost went out of business and actually all of
 Europe did and what they found is that the aphids loved the roots of French vines and other European
 vines but they really hated American vines. And so these days almost all French wine even though
 it's French grapes they're grafted onto American roots. And so actually most French wine is actually half
 American. Wow. We're gonna get letters. Glad we didn't do this back to our Paris bit of the talk.
 Okay that is it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you would like to get
 in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast we can
 be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @StreiberlandAndy. @AndyHunterM. James. James Harkin. And Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com. Yep or you can go to our group account which is @nosuchthing or a website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com. Thank you so much Danny but that was great fun. We'll see you again. Good night!
 [Applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
