 - They don't want that, who don't want that, who don't want that, who don't want that?
 [music]
 Hi!
 Hey, Andy.
 Hi, James and Dan.
 Those are your names.
 Welcome.
 And the listeners.
 And high listeners.
 I don't know all your names.
 But welcome to Drop us a Line.
 Love that shirt.
 Love that t-shirt, Dan.
 Oh, he's learning.
 He's learning.
 Thank you.
 We good?
 We wore a bit of a wacky shirt today, just to see if you would go for it.
 And you did?
 Well, I've just watched last week's episode yesterday, so it's fresh in my mind that I snubbed
 your shirt.
 Thank you.
 Good.
 Let's get some emails in.
 Let's do it.
 The inbox has been writhing, and we need to subdue it.
 Let's get into it.
 Okay.
 What should we start with?
 What would you like, first of all?
 Give us some options.
 There's nominative determinism.
 There is, I'm afraid, things that you'd think anything related to the show that we do.
 Not really.
 That's not what the listeners want.
 I think there's a silent majority that wants some nice comments about the things that
 we've said on the main show.
 Really good chat.
 Well, once I've got through the nine pages of things that are named for the wrong reasons,
 we'll do it.
 What do you want to do, Andy?
 Because let's be honest, whatever we say, that's what we'll do it.
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 I like you to pick from my loaded deck.
 Okay.
 Let's just have a nice bonus fact to start off.
 Yeah.
 This is from Mollie Gofus of Maryland.
 Is this bonus bream?
 No.
 Mmm.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Bonus bream.
 Otherwise, this should go in the little fish if it's just a fact that someone's sent him.
 We have a natural place for this.
 This is related to something we've said.
 Perfect.
 Bonus bream.
 Bonus bream.
 Hi, Andrew James and Dan.
 Long time less than the first time caller.
 I'll be interested in this big fish fact, which is from the Calvert Marine Museum, which
 is in Maryland somewhere, legislation designating Megalodon as the state shark.
 Oh.
 That's so costly.
 Both the Senate and the House of Delegates.
 Despite not being a shark, and despite being a long dead, nonetheless, is that the first
 state shark?
 Is that what we're hearing here?
 This is in relation to the Mary Roach episode where we went through state smells and state
 animals.
 I would expect there would be at least one other state shark.
 And certainly, at time of recording, maybe not, but by the time this goes out, Greenland might
 be a state.
 And there is a Greenlands shark.
 Oh, there we go.
 That's very funny.
 Well, thank you.
 And the Meg with um, do you think that came in because of the Meg, that movie that came
 out?
 Possibly.
 It would make good PR to make that a state symbol.
 Give huge prominence.
 You could maybe get Jason State them to come and do the unveiling of the new state shark.
 Anyway, thank you, Molly.
 Let's do some get yourselves off the hook.
 Yes.
 Right.
 We have done a little bit of this, but the listener wants more.
 OK.
 Benlegate writes, on your most recent drop as a line, you mentioned that Bohemian Rhapsody
 was the only UK number one that didn't contain the title in the lyrics.
 Well, on the contrary, the person who wrote in said that, and I said it wasn't the case.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 So I guess this is, get yourself further off the hook than you already are.
 OK.
 You were never on.
 Right.
 He's yelling at the radio, unchained melody.
 He listens on the radio.
 Apparently so.
 Isn't that cool?
 On the radio.
 That is cool.
 On the radio.
 But unchained melody, this is the reason I read Ben's email, does have an interesting
 fact associated with it, unlike Bohemian Rhapsody.
 What?
 What a slam.
 So is it the, is he talking about the unchained melody that was by Roxon and Jerome, or the one
 by the righteous brothers, or the one by whoever it was?
 It's the only song to reach the UK number one by three different artists.
 The righteous brothers, Roxon and Jerome, and Gareth Gates.
 Oh, yeah, that's right.
 If this fact does make it into the show, I think it's safe to assume that being part of
 a fact on a Patreon-only companion podcast to no such thing as a fish is Gareth Gates'
 highest achievement to date.
 No.
 Why?
 You're so rude.
 No.
 It's spicy, isn't it?
 It is.
 Spicy.
 Where is Gareth these days?
 I think he's doing musicals and cantoes, and probably still got a musical career.
 Very tell.
 Well, and said you're mad.
 He was.
 More pleasant message then.
 Mark Tween points out, from almost an enemy of the podcast, he's flirting with it, points
 out that Space Audit by David Bowie doesn't have the title, and points out that Badeel and
 Skinner's second hit, Three Lines 98, which does not include the 98 in the lyrics, though
 this may be too far.
 It's quite far.
 Right.
 Historic.
 Get yourself off the hook.
 Yeah.
 Oli writes in.
 On a recent drop of the line, you asked for news about Meatball labelling in Finland.
 Oh, yeah.
 So do you want to explain this, that?
 The old classic fact, headline fact from Andy.
 I guess we dished it out as a custodian's headline.
 Finish budget Meatballs contains so little meat in them that they've had to be relabeled
 balls.
 And we asked if anyone had such balls that they could photograph, and we could see if
 it was true.
 Well, Oli recently bought the cheapest tin Meatballs in Gravy in Finland without looking
 at the label.
 Apparently, they were absolutely horrible.
 The main ingredients were listed as pork skin, beef, soy protein, pork, beef heart, bread
 crumbs, beef tendon.
 Just say beef, guys.
 Just say beef.
 There must be rules against it, right?
 Legally.
 Yeah.
 Something's going on, yeah.
 I'd describe them as tasting like dog food, but I feel sorry for the dog.
 But everyone's a bit spiky, isn't it?
 Today.
 So I was like, do you remember in the last episode, you got a little bit spiky with people
 who are correct?
 I keep balls over there.
 Yeah.
 It's almost like it's rubbed off on people.
 We do have a bit more spik, I think, that is, yeah, okay, I'll try and temper the spiky,
 but I'll read it in a nice way as well.
 We're holding it back.
 We're defending Gareth, we're the front line of calm.
 Yeah.
 Can we let Oli finish?
 Is he in my place?
 Calm down, mate.
 But they were labeled Meatballs in Brown Gravy, so that regulation might not be an effect.
 Interesting.
 That's the same thing, early this evening, I was on my way to my local shop in suburban
 Helsinki, while listening to the latest episode of Little Fish.
 Wow, wonderful.
 Staying with meaty bags and bags of meat.
 Right.
 Alyssa Gatton Bemore writes, "I am sure by now you have received thousands of emails from
 angry Australians telling you that ham bags exist."
 Okay, so one of the episodes was called "No Such Thing as a Ham Bag."
 Yeah.
 Susie Dent, it was about how people say the word "handbag."
 You can't either say "handbag."
 My handbag.
 People say "handbag."
 And the question is, in the future, will we all spell it H-A-M-B-A-G because that's how
 we say it?
 Yeah.
 But in fact, there is already a thriving culture of handbags in Australia and New Zealand.
 Yeah.
 Australians, says Alyssa, use handbags every Christmas to preserve their smoked leg of ham
 in the fridge.
 They are basic canvas drawstring bags that we soak, and then we place a leftover leg of
 ham in to keep nice, especially disappointing that...
 No, I do know that.
 It just in occurred to me at the time that it would be called handbags.
 Some of them, and she sent a photo of some cute labeled "handbags" which have got nice designs
 on them and stuff.
 That is nice.
 Yeah.
 To be fair, I'm a bit disposed of on us in general because we are probably the country's
 foremost old ham podcast like hamsters.
 No way any other podcast mentions old hamsters as much as we do.
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 So we really should have known that ourselves.
 Yeah.
 She sends a little side note that some stalls release Christmas handbags every year, and
 a few years ago K-Mart got in trouble for releasing a bag that said "Merry Hammas, given
 that Hammas had recently been in the news."
 Okay.
 I'm here in, I'm here in Merch's idea for our next Aussie tour.
 Hambag?
 Yeah.
 Black and yellow.
 And what is it saying on it?
 No such thing as a ham, old ham, spicy meat.
 Yeah.
 I think something like that, spicy meat.
 Insert spicy meat here.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Brilliant.
 Okay.
 Urban Petterson.
 Right.
 What a name.
 You have a very good name.
 Urban.
 Yeah.
 Like the Pope.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 I was just listening to episode 633.
 James brought up the walking race in Sweden, which takes place every year.
 He made two inaccurate statements.
 Number one, I think, is very minor, which is that the required walking speed is 5 kilometres
 per hour.
 So that's three miles per hour, not four.
 Okay.
 All right.
 All right.
 Secondally.
 Secondly, contestants do not defecate next to the road.
 Oh.
 Come on.
 They have access to a portable toilet on a trailer.
 In fairness, someone asked me how they defecate.
 I think it was me.
 I'm sorry.
 I kind of took what happens in the fictional Stephen King movie and extrapolated it to what
 would logically happen in the Swedish actual race, but thinking about it, of course, like
 they're Swedes.
 They're practical.
 Exactly.
 And the hygienic people.
 PS, I have listened to most episodes.
 Do you have any tips on how to tell Dan and Andrew apart?
 Well, luckily, some people are going to be watching.
 This.
 Yeah.
 That's one way of doing it.
 So if you're watching Andy's the one holding the piece of paper and incoherently getting
 this towards the end of each episode, genuinely, Urban says I often struggle telling voices
 apart, but this feels extreme after listening to 500 plus episodes.
 It's a weird one because yours, two's accents and not ones that are regularly.
 Yeah.
 I know.
 Mixed up.
 Last week, Braga Christianson also wrote, "I believe that Dan had a most northern part
 of England, in fact, a few weeks ago.
 It might have been Andy.
 Sorry, I sometimes can't tell you a voice as a part of you."
 It was me.
 I know it was me.
 Are you worried that your reputation's being ruined?
 No.
 You need to worry about that.
 I do wonder because the second person you mentioned was called Braga Christianson or
 something.
 Yes.
 And the previous person was from Helsinki, whether it could be a Northern European
 country's thing.
 It's got to be.
 Yeah, that's really interesting because I think we sound very different.
 Well, we do.
 I have a slightly American accent.
 You have a sort of plummy, plummy posh, sort of like kite nausea.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, like that.
 Oh.
 Oh, you know, that kind of…
 I feel her.
 I'm writing spiky.
 I hope you both please do the same.
 Really?
 Well, it came off, because I think there is something in the air tonight.
 You know what?
 We're going to go to Wankers Corner.
 I'm sorry.
 We are.
 It's more Wankers Corner.
 Yes.
 Do you want to set the scene, anybody?
 So we did a fact, which was about censorship on TV, and I was reading about Mork and Mindy
 and discovered that the writing team injected a character called Arnold Wanker, which
 got past the Americans.
 Yeah.
 And then in the last drop as a light, someone told us that there was a cafe or a restaurant
 called Wankers Corner.
 That's right.
 In, was it Oregon, somewhere in America?
 Yeah, it was Oregon.
 So do you remember?
 I also said that the actor who played Arnold Wanker, his dad, was the person who alerted that
 Pearl Harbor was being bombed.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I also found out that he, that actor, is married to the woman who plays the motherly character
 in the goonies.
 I send the mother of the two bad guys.
 Yeah.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 That was his wife.
 Well, we're not off the train, we're so far from anything.
 I have any frame of reference for the goonies, not saying it, not saying throw a mummer off the
 train.
 Really, Crystal?
 Are you kidding me?
 Sorry.
 Wow.
 I actually think that you don't really need to watch that one to get a good idea of what
 happens in it.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's great, darling.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 The throw mummer off the train is that set in the Grand Mars last Christmas, you know
 this.
 And now we're back on track because speaking of trains, Richard Delwitch writes that he was
 recently listening to this train, which is a 1930 song by sister Rosetta Tharp, who you
 may have heard of.
 I have heard of that.
 She's brilliant, like really early blues paving the way for rock and roll.
 She was wonderful.
 She had a big guitar.
 She made an amazing sound.
 She had an incredible voice.
 And there's a song of hers called this train, which contains the lyrics, you know, this
 train, don't pull no wankers.
 I said this train, don't pull no wankers.
 Is she lucky for a ride for tankers?
 No, it's just, but it's clearly just a word that has completely different or no meaning
 in America.
 Yeah.
 She may have been trying to get around sensors, which points out.
 And now we come to the really, the final angle of wankers corner today.
 Malaya Augustine writes, and she's writing in reference to the restaurant in Oregon, which
 is called wankers corner.
 Yes.
 She says it is named for Jack Wanker, yeah, in German settler.
 No.
 And it's more commonly pronounced wanker, I bet.
 Wankers corner is a thing that you think is named for one reason, but it's actually named
 for the person with the similar name.
 I never thought it was named for that original reason.
 What a weird way to name your café.
 It's going in the book.
 That's going in the book.
 Thank you, Malaya.
 That's stunning.
 And I've looked up the history, and yeah, Jack Wanker, who wants it?
 Just some guy.
 German settler.
 In the region.
 Founded at a cafe.
 His daughter was called Dorothy Wanker.
 She's wonderful stuff.
 I feel like you don't want to do things that are named after the person who's, I'm going
 to give you one or two.
 Okay.
 I mentioned recently, Michael Allpress, founder of the company Allpress is Presso.
 Yeah.
 The coffee.
 That was a good one.
 Yeah.
 Well, Damon, from Waihiki Island, Waihiki is a New Zealand island.
 So it's just to know that Michael Allpress actually sold Allpress as Presso, so it's now
 no longer owned by him.
 However, he now owns Allpress Olive Groves, so presses Olive instead.
 No.
 Lovely.
 I recently got my olives pressed at his olive plant.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 He must have to go into printing next.
 Yes.
 And then exercising, he can do his Allpress Press ups.
 Bench Press.
 Yep.
 Yeah.
 Stunning.
 I'll just give you one more.
 Levin Morgan says, "I tore the bakery in Portland, Oregon."
 A lot of Oregon stuff today.
 A huge amount, I would say.
 I admired an old commercial oven they had, which prominently featured the brand name Baker
 Perkins.
 I knew right away how this would go, but I looked it up to confirm this British manufacturer
 of baking equipment, it's named after a Joseph Baker.
 Very nice.
 I feel like, Andy, you've given birth to a bunch of like really odd Columbus who are now just
 going to be looking at names of things on a tour and saying, "Just one more question."
 Yeah.
 Nevin writes about a local sandwich shop called the Baker's Mark, which is named after
 a stamp that Baker's put on the bread.
 However, it's also run by a guy named Mark.
 So the Baker's Mark.
 Oh.
 The Baker is Mark.
 The Baker is Mark.
 That's good.
 Oh.
 Not pleasing to Sir.
 It's called Baker's Apostrophe S Mark.
 The Baker's Mark.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 To me, again, that's just fun puns.
 I don't think we're ruling fun puns out of the book, though.
 Okay.
 Fair enough.
 If that's a section, I think it's a mishel sometimes.
 If he wants to get a thousand on one of these, he's going to have to bet the rules a little
 bit, I think.
 Sorry.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I did count yesterday how many we've received.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'm on 130.
 Yeah.
 I think it's just the same thing.
 It's the same.
 It's a book that works for one entry and is fine for one entry and then it's got a thousand
 or a thousand more.
 Yeah.
 So what are you going to do to really judge it up?
 I don't think I'll do anything to judge it up.
 Interesting.
 The book is the book.
 The book is the book.
 Here's an idea.
 Yeah.
 Word today, calendars.
 They're kind of boring because they're just a word every day and if you had a book full
 of 365 words, where it just told you the means of the words, it would not be that interesting.
 But for a word a day calendar, it does work because by the next day you've kind of forgotten
 the previous thing.
 Yeah.
 And then two only need 365, not a thousand and one.
 You're almost halfway there.
 God damn.
 The things you thought were named after the thing that the thing does but are actually named
 after a person with a strangely opposite name for that thing, a day calendar.
 2027.
 And then you build up to the book because you've got a few more years to do it to get a thousand
 and one to go.
 That's perfect.
 Thank you, James.
 Let's have some bonus cream.
 Yes, please.
 Didn't we already have bonus cream?
 Didn't we open with bonus cream?
 Yes, we did.
 Yes, we did.
 But the sections, it's not like there's one section that we move on.
 Okay.
 Good.
 Good to establish a nice try, my friend.
 Not like that.
 Yeah.
 No.
 We can go to Mike Giggler.
 Andy, just read the next email.
 Like I don't want to go spiky on your ass but like.
 I'm underlining it.
 Okay.
 Jeremy Levick writes about Marilyn Voss Savant.
 Yes.
 Cleverest woman of all time.
 Yes.
 Like you ever called him.
 Yes.
 You've got to get a weld record for it.
 And then the other people who shared it were murderers and so on.
 Oh.
 You didn't mention that on the day I don't think.
 Well, she had an IQ of 250.
 Yeah.
 And but it was in a slightly different test.
 It was in the mega test.
 Oh, okay.
 Well, Jeremy Levick writes that Marilyn Voss Savant is famous among mathematicians
 for rejecting Andrew Wiles's proof of Fermat's last theory.
 Oh.
 Although his initial proof was, in fact, flawed.
 The floor was fixable and the aspect she focused on was completely mathematically uncontroversial.
 Okay.
 So even geniuses sometimes get it wrong.
 So sorry.
 So, yeah.
 So Andrew Wiles handed in his working out.
 He thought he solved it.
 Big news around the world.
 Someone found a floor in it.
 He went back to the drawing board and then did solve it.
 You're saying that first time around that she spotted.
 She spotted a different era.
 A different era, but she was wrong.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But she wouldn't let it go.
 That's still an astonishing story, by the way.
 He solves Fermat's last theorem.
 It turns out he hasn't.
 So technically you're back to square one.
 Yeah.
 And then he does it.
 It's amazing.
 It's amazing.
 There's incredible Simon Singh documentary where you see him talking about the moment.
 That feels like it's your movie.
 That's the sequel to Grand Mars last Christmas.
 Yeah.
 It's Fermat's last.
 Grand Mars last theorem.
 There we go.
 That's good.
 And on this subject, I've just written Thick Spouses question mark.
 Oh, so I don't know if I remember.
 I said that all of our partners are hideous morons.
 Yes, you could say that.
 Yeah.
 Jason Lloyd writes in.
 Dan's wife is not a talk.
 I don't believe I will ever be guilty of overestimating the intelligence of my spouse
 as I have given my wife an IQ test.
 What?
 Don't you mean that she has taken an IQ test?
 Yeah, you can't slip it into her food.
 But he conducted the seat.
 You're right.
 He asked her to take the test, I suppose, and conducted it.
 Did the results and all that before he married her?
 Yes.
 Oh, I think they were dating.
 And he was studying psychology.
 I see.
 And one of the courses was training the students on the course to give IQ tests.
 And you had to find loads of guinea pigs.
 Right.
 My wife and her roommate volunteered.
 A very dangerous decision as she could have tested really poorly.
 And who knows what would have happened.
 I was desperate for participants, though.
 Thankfully, I can safely state that my wife is in the average range and intelligence.
 That's all you want, really.
 Yeah.
 I think.
 And just, everyone wants to be slightly smarter or slightly more beautiful or whatever, but actually, you know.
 I agree.
 Being average.
 I just want to be sad for being average.
 Just in case Jason Lloyd is sounding incredibly unromantic here, he finishes by saying, I'm not able to take an IQ test myself
 because he gets trained in the new IQ tests as soon as they're published.
 Yeah.
 But I now know I can just give one to my mother-in-law as I would classify my wife as my best friend.
 That's nice.
 And we were talking about your best friend's mum.
 Oh, I see.
 That makes sense now.
 That's really sweet.
 Quite romantic, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I suppose you could fake giving an IQ test by if you were reading the paper in the morning and you pretended you were doing like a quiz in the paper.
 Yeah.
 Honey, what do you think this, and then you just have to dribble it over a good seven months, I think.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Oh, darling, just before you put those conflicts.
 How is to sheep as artichoke is to I just it's gone out of my mind.
 I'm just I'm just in the shop now.
 I've got the got the cow at the sheet and the artichoke, but.
 Hi, yeah, I'll be home for dinner just as long as this train, which I bought it at 2 p.m.
 which is traveling at 50 miles an hour towards London while the other train.
 Darling, there are people tied up on the tram tracks ahead of us.
 There's a lever here, which, which looks like it will move us onto another track.
 I know this is outside the original questions I was asking you.
 It's actually a completely different test of your abilities, but what did I do?
 Oh, dear.
 Why are we testing our wives for all these things?
 Oh, this guy was.
 Oh, Jason.
 Jason, you got to keep them on their toes.
 Let's now move to an email from Paul Simons.
 I imagine you've had thousands of emails about this, but on a recent episode of Little Fish,
 you were talking about Quantass' safety record and mentioned that they'd never lost a hull.
 Right?
 Yeah.
 I was disappointed that none of you mentioned the restoration house in Rochester,
 which Andy once foolishly claimed Rod Hull fell off.
 But which it turns out has also never lost a hull.
 Bye, Paul.
 Lovely.
 Incredible.
 Yeah.
 Paul Simons.
 Nice to know what he's up to these days.
 Yeah.
 House Art Gal Funkels.
 Really good.
 Art Gal Funkels?
 No, this email.
 Oh, yeah.
 I just think that's a brilliant joke.
 Will Owens of Oxford writes, "In your recent piece regarding the great vowel shift."
 Oh, yeah.
 "I was interested to hear the Romantic story behind Mr. Schreiber's accent.
 Dan, could you give her a very brief pricey of that?"
 Oh, oh.
 You had a friend called Penny?
 I had a friend called Penny when I moved to Australia.
 It was where I was going to get bullied for having an American accent.
 She said, "Sounds hot."
 And I thought, "Ooh, I'll keep this, and I did."
 Yeah.
 Well, Will writes, "It would be remiss of me not to point out that."
 While the middle class of 16th century England might have modified their accents, hoping to appear French.
 Great vowel shift.
 He did so.
 Hoping to French appear.
 Lots.
 Great.
 Are we in my giggle?
 We're in my giggle.
 No, yeah, I got that there.
 French appear.
 Isn't that brilliant?
 That'll have been rattling around Will Owens as her parade isn't that he sat down and thought,
 "I'm going to send it to you."
 "I'm going to send it to you."
 It's very clever.
 It's very clever.
 Yeah.
 And it's very funny.
 And there's a truth in it, too.
 Let's go now to Fish Life.
 Great.
 With Chris Coppley, it's always bugged me how you guys can remember facts, stats, names, etc.
 So incredibly well on the fly in the podcast, seamlessly snatching them out of thin air in a moment
 and throwing them at us mega listeners.
 I have excitement.
 We got notes.
 We got notes.
 We got notes.
 Send another.
 You bet.
 Yeah.
 And I once tried to tell some work colleagues.
 In fact, I discovered on your podcast about there being only one actual lake in the lake district,
 but I ended up fumbling and saying there were only two lakes in the whole UK.
 Thus giving me the nickname "All Two Lakes."
 That's a great name there.
 Or "TL" for short in emails, kind regards, "All Two Lakes" Chris Coppley.
 Oh, that's the shame.
 "Bass and Thlaid" is the only lake in the lake district.
 Very nice.
 But yeah.
 What a shame.
 Anything to add before we move on?
 He's calling himself "TL" and his name's Chris.
 So you just, "TLC."
 Just go for "TLC."
 That's very good.
 I've got Chasing Waterfalls.
 Go for "Lakes."
 Exactly.
 So what are you two?
 Yes.
 See?
 It's really, because what I know is that if I stay quiet for long enough, you guys come up with stuff.
 So I can either throw out rubbish and you guys will turn it into gold.
 Or I can stay quiet and you guys will...
 That's how Louis Theroux works, isn't it?
 He just stays quiet until people say something embarrassing.
 Normally they're incriminating themselves rather than coming up with absolute zingers on the fly.
 You know.
 How does that make you feel?
 Not too bad.
 Hi, I'm Louis.
 Hello.
 I'm from the BBC.
 Are you okay?
 So Dan has an American accent and that's what you sound like.
 Because you look a bit like Louis Theroux.
 I was going to say, I just came into my head and put Dan's looks and your voice together.
 Hello.
 That is Louis.
 Hello.
 So you've been accused of a lot of crimes.
 Does that make you feel bad?
 Are you okay?
 Yes, it does because I have done a lot of...
 Oh no!
 You made me say it, Louis.
 Yeah.
 They always turn the cameras off before they police bust in and arrest the person.
 Louis just got to incriminate themselves.
 It's got a lot of scores.
 Anyway, good Louis, you should do it for the rest of the show.
 Thanks.
 Okay, let's have some extreme fish.
 Duh, duh, duh, duh, duh, duh.
 [Music]
 Sunglasses, explosions.
 Yeah.
 Caitlin Ross writes, "Hi Andy and fish team.
 I thought you might like to know I was recently camping in Botswana."
 Lovely.
 Near the Okavango Delta and lying in bed at night listening to the pod,
 trying to be very quiet while there was a loud standoff between a hippo
 and an elephant in the river right outside my tent.
 Oh my god.
 That is extreme fish.
 That is amazing.
 What do you do in that situation?
 Just stay quiet, apparently.
 Their guides told them just to stay in their tents and be quiet.
 All I could hear was a huge amount of splashing in some trumpeting.
 Wow.
 I know.
 Wow.
 Side note, Caitlin ads.
 I'm also one of the girls who, at 14, built a boat in three days in a quick and dirty boat
 building competition, which we painted black and yellow and named no such thing as a boat.
 No way.
 I think we've heard from Caitlin before.
 I think she said that it was so cool.
 Fantastic.
 That is very cool.
 Gosh, imagine that.
 Yeah.
 A hippo and an elephant.
 I think the hippos are supposed to be the most dangerous ones, aren't they?
 There's a big, and you've seen the movie that's coming out next month or the month after.
 It's called Hungry.
 And it's based.
 It appears to be based on hungry hungry hippos, but it's basically about a huge terrifying
 hippo that goes around trying to eat people.
 We should get in on this.
 It's already been made.
 It's been financed.
 It's going in cinemas every soon.
 We should get some viral PR off the back of it because of all I'm brilliant, hungry,
 hungry hippo.
 James Garfield.
 Ideas.
 It might be the moment to release this as eats.
 Finally.
 Oh, dear.
 Anyway, this hungry hungry hippos one actually looks to me quite good, but I love that kind
 of stuff.
 Yeah.
 Let's come now.
 Do.
 Who's asked to be anonymous?
 We have to bleep that.
 I'm really sorry.
 I said to follow up people saying, "You sure you want all this to go, mate?"
 And he wrote back saying, "No, can you, or she don't yet?"
 They wrote back just saying, "Yeah, just call me Jay."
 So Jay writes, "A few years ago I was working in the air wing department of a vehicle tracking
 company in Johannesburg.
 This job doesn't really exist in other countries, but it's a private company that responds
 to car jacking's and vehicle theft, you know.
 I was in the air wing.
 It was my job to find the stolen vehicle and then direct armed ground units to it.
 So Jay is the helicopter pilot and the tracker.
 You get close with GPS and then you use old school radio tracking to home in all the location.
 And the vehicle is tracked using a handheld radio, so I'm using an earbud tucked under
 my headset.
 Okay, so in about 2 a.m., I just finished some paperwork, was drinking a coffee, it decided
 to unwind with a bit of fish.
 So I took out my headphones, plugged them into my phone, settled in for some fun facts.
 Naturally, I barely made it through the theme tune before another call came in and I had
 to get a shake on.
 I grabbed my phone, my equipment, chugged my coffee, rushed back to the chopper.
 Jay gets close to the last known coordinates of the car jacked car, makes contact with the
 ground team.
 Spots a bit of erratic movement on the ground.
 I tell them I'm on my way to investigate and enthusiastically reach for my headphones
 to verify the signal.
 Of course, in my rush to grab the headphones, I've picked up the ones attached to my phone
 instead of the ones attached to the radio.
 Worse still, I've knocked my handheld radio into the passenger side foot well.
 James and his wife will be able to back me when I say it's not easy to grab something
 that has gone walkies in a helicopter.
 However, it's especially tricky when it's pitch black.
 You have a ground crew shouting chopper choppy, we need directions and you're catching snippets
 in one ear about how many times larger are barnacles penises than it's actual body.
 Oh my gosh.
 Oh my gosh.
 In the end, I'm equally cited technical difficulties with my equipment and gave up the radio
 for dead.
 Luckily, we found the car following a visual search, but I confess I was never again
 able to look the members of that particular ground crew in the eye.
 Luckily, I came down from the helicopter, a look to the ground, and there was a bar that
 called this penis pointing directly at the car that I needed to find.
 Oh man.
 Good story.
 Yeah, good story.
 Amazing.
 So we've had an arrest.
 We've had a car jacking finder.
 Yeah.
 We've had some adventures.
 Well, fish has been listened to.
 Elepherson.
 Elepherson.
 Rhiners.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 It's stunning.
 Crazy.
 Do we have births?
 Some women give birth?
 Yes.
 Yeah, we labors.
 Yeah, we labors.
 Yeah.
 What's your dream extreme fish?
 Well, damn much space.
 Yeah.
 I think the ISS would be cool.
 Yeah.
 I think being attached to a golden record style thing and sent off into the universe would
 be cool.
 Because we did try and put ourselves on the moon.
 Did you pick the whole back catalog in or would you just pick one good episode?
 Mmm.
 Just one good episode.
 I actually did meet very recently an ESA astronaut.
 Oh, yeah.
 But she is someone who's done all the training and is ready to go up but hasn't got her mission
 yet.
 But she does listen to fish.
 I know she listens.
 However, in the last episode we just recorded, Andy said that if you've not actually got
 in space, you can't count yourself as an astronaut.
 So I have a feeling she might have stopped listening by now.
 Well, it's just like, I call myself a podcast.
 Do I make a podcast?
 Yes.
 If I call myself a podcast or I've never put a pair of headphones on, am I?
 Yeah.
 You know?
 And those are roughly the same kind of job on the podcast or an astronaut, both take years
 of training.
 Both a lot of floundering around in aimless space.
 Yeah.
 Oh, I'm so sorry.
 I'm sorry to your astronaut friend.
 Sorry.
 I'm going to give you a couple of nominative determinisms.
 Oh, OK.
 Carl from Bend, guess which US state it's in?
 Oregon.
 Oregon again.
 Right.
 That there is an LA-based floral designer called Poppy Ascue.
 Yeah.
 I like it.
 That's really good.
 Yeah, really good.
 Andy Datson points out that there is a member of the British Society of Gastroenterology
 called Dr. Stephanie Poo.
 Have we smelling that?
 How do you think?
 The right way.
 The right way.
 She's been interviewed about her career in gastroenterology and was asked what the interest
 did her in it.
 I am Dr. Poo, after all.
 Joking aside, I was inspired by exceptional gastroenterologists and colleagues earlier in my career.
 So, such as Professor Shit.
 Um, finally, we've had another gift.
 Ah.
 Lovely.
 This one comes in from Lea, from Rhode Island.
 Wow.
 Lea writes, look at this.
 This is something I said on the show that I didn't have.
 She writes, saying, "So you can have a Christmas sweater."
 Oh, you've never had a Christmas sweater?
 I've never worn a Christmas sweater and this one says, "It's the most wonderful time of
 the year."
 Nice.
 That is good.
 Oh, it fits, it fits like a glove.
 Oh my god, it's got A-H hemorrh, and I don't know.
 Wow.
 A personalized Christmas sweater?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 My cup runneth over.
 Mary, Christmas, everybody?
 Well, could we get further away from Christmas?
 What's the date?
 It's like, the Christmas Nadia or the Christmas Apigee or whatever it's called.
 Anyway, talking amongst yourselves, we're ending the show now.
 That's it for this episode of Drop of the Line.
 What a fantastic time I've had.
 How have you guys felt?
 Oh.
 Um, fine, I guess.
 Yeah?
 Yeah.
 We were doing such a good job of Louis Therouxing it there with a silence.
 Oh.
 I thought you were just going to come out.
 You were so close to revealing a personal detail.
 A personal detail, dream on, mate.
 Nice try.
 The murder room was found fleeing the scene with a jumper that said, "It's the most wonderful
 time of the year."
 And the murderous own initials monogrammed on the sleeve.
 Oh, my God, I've never seen this jumper before in my life.
 I don't own any Christmas sweaters.
 Ask anybody.
 Wow.
 No, I've had a brilliant time.
 Like I always do.
 I've tried to keep this episode a bit more serious and professional, and I hope that came
 across.
 It did not.
 OK.
 But maybe you could make the ending seem quite professional.
 Or a good shot.
 Oh, this is exciting.
 I'm going to limber up for it.
 OK.
 Thanks so much everyone for listening to Drop of the Line.
 We have loved going through your emails, reading them out, making extra jokes about them,
 and we're thrilled to say we'll be back in two weeks with another one.
 So if you'd like to contribute to that fourth coming episode, I read every single one
 of your emails and, and I love doing it, it's the privilege of my life.
 So thank you guys for being part of this episode of Drop of the Line.
 Thank you for listening or watching or consuming it however you'd like to.
 I'm looking forward to the next one already, but until then, it's bye from these guys.
 Bye Andy.
 Bye Andy.
 It's bye from me.
 Goodbye.
 Really good.
 Yeah, I felt too serious.
 No, it was really good, and try and just replicate that for all future episodes.
 Did you think I should script the outro?
 It's OK.
 I'll just use that for every subsequent episode.
 It's still a cut to be wearing Christmas jumper.
 Eventually, it will be relevant.
 Listener, he recorded this last Christmas.
 Grandma's last Christmas.
 Bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
