 Hi everyone, welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish. I'm quickly here
 to introduce you to our special guest this week and that is Athena Cablenu. Now you'll
 remember Athena, she's been on the fish a couple of times but one interesting new thing
 to say about her is she has a new podcast. Her podcast is called Why Does My Child Hate
 Me? It's absolutely amazing. I think she got the name from reading my mind at 6.30 this
 morning but it's a brilliant podcast. It's all about how we as parents are absolutely
 amazing and it is the children who are wrong. It's so good and you should definitely check
 that out. If you want to hear any more from Athena you can get her on social media on
 Twitter and Instagram. Both of those places she can be found at Athena Cablenu and just
 so you know how to spell her surname it's K-U-G-B-L-E-N-U. Not much more to say except we do have
 a live show coming up. It's at the British Library. That's sold out but you can get
 streaming tickets so if you want to know more about that go to No Such Thing As A Fish dot
 com and that's also the place to go if you want to learn about Club Fish, a place where
 you get ad free episodes, loads of extra bonus stuff and also you get to hear about the live
 shows first. For instance the British Library show almost sold out from just the people
 who listen to Club Fish. There was only a few tickets left for those who heard about
 it on the Friday so it's definitely a good place to go if you want to hear all of our
 news first. Anyway I really hope you enjoy this week's show. I hope all is good with
 you. Enjoy our facts with Athena and on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing As A Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here
 with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin and Athena Cablanu and once again we have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go. Starting with fact number one and that is Athena.
 My fact this week is 15 million clothing items are dumped in Ghana every week. Like someone's
 come to your house with a cheap bottle of wine they're re-gifting. Here you go and you've
 got to re-gift it and then they re-gift it and there's a bottle of wine floating around
 the world being re-gifted over and over again because it's vinegary two pound rubbish and
 it's clothing. It's a good analogy and it's a good job
 that Anna isn't here because that's the kind of wine she loves. She'd be like "I would
 drink that wine" but yeah it's absolutely huge, it's a huge amount and they have huge
 sort of piles of it next to it. There's one river in Akra.
 So it's like literally mountains of clothing.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah and we've got a massive market where it's traded, most of it's traded, most
 of it's given away but we don't want it. Just to be clear this is unwanted. We want a little
 bit of it. Yeah, second hand stuff is great but it's stuff that we've inevitably bought
 from fast fashion suppliers for very low amounts of money. We've worn it once, we've thrown
 it away. We've gone into our wardrobes and we've gone "I don't want all these clothes.
 It's wasteful in my wardrobe. Let me take you to a charity shop." Guess what? A charity
 shop doesn't even want all your clothes and then it ends up in a charity shop into the
 back of a shipping container and it gets shipped off to a country and one of those countries
 is Ghana.
 Wow, up until you mentioning this fact, fast fashion, I'd actually not heard that term
 before and looking into it, wow, what a mad thing we're all involved in if you buy from
 high street shops. Back in the day you used to maybe buy four shirts and that would last
 you for months on end but now it's almost like six shirts a week for some people if
 they go out and want for younger kids supposedly from surveys. A lot of kids want to be seen
 in different shirts on their Instagram, they don't want to be seen in the same thing. So
 socially you are doing a turnaround of shirts that you might only wear once and then chuck
 away or give back to the shops who then don't resell them.
 The stuff that goes to Ghana, I think like you say, they kind of resell it and reuse
 it and stuff but 40% of it is such low quality that it just goes straight into landfill and
 you can't really truck it out of Ghana at that stage so it gets dubbed in Ghana.
 Yeah, and don't forget there's not a huge amount of infrastructure in terms of like
 wasting recycling. It's not like they can separate it into polyesters, cottons, repurpose it.
 If you want to take rubbish anywhere, I swear to God, Ghana is the last place you want to
 take it and put it to be used in a useful way. Just on your point about how much we
 buy in the UK, we buy two tons of clothing every minute. Every minute, I can't be right.
 I got it off the Oxfam website.
 Wow, I found that we throw away 75 pounds of clothes every year per person.
 That's way. That's about the weight of a male giant otter.
 That does bring it home.
 How big are otters that big?
 They're huge. They're big.
 They're giant otters.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 There's the logo for the campaign against wasteful clothing.
 It may not seem a lot but obviously there's 60 odd million people in the UK. Imagine 60
 odd million giant otters.
 Again, James, I do think you've picked one of the worst and least known animals.
 If people's reactions to that factor are they're giant otters, that is a problem with the campaign.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Because then you're immediately talking about the otter, you're not talking about the clothes.
 And also, do we need to be worried about them because they sound kind of aggressive.
 Yeah. Well, you need to worry about yourself if you're in a room with one. They're six
 feet long and if you're in a room with one, it's not in its natural habitat which is the
 Amazon base. They're Brazilian, aren't they?
 Giant otter.
 Yeah, it's happened. It's happened. We forgot about clothing. We're in the world of otter.
 It's because the world of fast fashion is so, once you look at the stats, it's so upsetting
 that if James comes along with his brilliant campaign and posts it, you immediately want
 to think about the otter because...
 I think maybe we can get you a costume, Andy.
 An otter costume?
 An otter costume and send you into H&M and fuck things up.
 I love that. Be like Christ turning over the tables in the temple.
 Yeah, was he an otter costume?
 He never mentioned... Well, three of the scriptures don't mention it, but John is always a bit
 more out there. He says Christ was at the Law of the Trust.
 That could be the new saying instead of a bull in a china shop. It's an otter in a Zara
 high street shop.
 No, but you're right. The numbers are kind of heinous. I didn't realize how it had happened
 in the first place as in the way that lots of big high street brands moved from having
 a few collections of clothes a year to now having new collections maybe every couple
 of weeks. And there's a firm called Shine who, I think if you know about fashion, you
 will know about them, but if you don't, you won't. They're an enormous Chinese firm who
 stock almost all their clothes, 94% of their clothes are stocked for 90 days or less. So
 they basically turn out thousands and thousands and thousands of designs, but they only make
 about 50 or 100 of each one. But in the first four months of last year, they added 315,000
 different styles to their website.
 It's a clever idea in a way. I mean, it's terrible for the world, but the idea is that
 one, you don't have lots of waste. They don't have lots of waste in their company because
 because you're only making 50 of them, you're probably going to sell all 50, but also you're
 creating fake scarcity, which means that people, if you see someone wearing it on TV, you're
 like, well, there might be only 50 of my local shops, so I'm going to have to get there fast
 and get one.
 At which point they'll make another 200,000. Yeah, but 300,000 different pieces of clothing
 in different designs in four months.
 That's crazy. And this is all the fault of one man, one still alive, possibly very litigious
 man.
 Is it?
 Well, he might be, I'm about to slag him off.
 Let's name some names.
 His name is Emancio Ortega and he is the founder of Zara, the high street shops that are global.
 When he invented Zara, the idea was he wanted fashion to be able to mimic fashion that was
 being seen in the catwalks at a much quicker rate. There used to be such a long period before
 anything even resembling what was seen on the catwalks would appear in shops. And he thought,
 what if we just quickly make them the turnaround? We have no name designers. They're all anonymous.
 They work for us in the back rooms and let's get it out within a five week period. That
 will make us big.
 And then let's just make a few of them. We just constantly create demand for new items
 and this caught on around the world. So it's this one guy who at one point became the richest
 man in the world, took over Bill Gates for like a brief second. So he's, he went from
 poverty to richest man in the world of this idea of fast fashion.
 One guy and one woman as well, Rosalia Mira, who's his wife, who did a lot of the work
 as well. And because they kind of got together, didn't they? She was working in a clove shop.
 He was a messenger boy and they kind of go, "Can I make it any more obvious?"
 But yeah, Ortega, he's a really interesting guy, I think, because some of it sounds quite
 sweet. Like he grew up, he was the son of a railway worker who would move around the
 whole of Spain working wherever there were jobs. He was really poor as a child. He had
 only potatoes for some of his meals. And he's very reclusive. He doesn't have a computer.
 He does all of his work like in small groups and just kind of tells people what to do and
 really doesn't write much down and stuff. But then on the other hand, he's a billionaire.
 Well, we made a great new enemy on this show. You're welcome, guys. So it was in this tiny
 town and he wanted to call the company Zorba initially, but there was a restaurant that
 was selling beers and so on down the road. Greek food, I imagine. It's more of a Greek
 than a Spanish name, isn't it? Well, Zorba the Greek. Zorba the Greek. But that's what
 they were naming it after. But there happened to be two places that wanted to do it in the
 very same street. And so the restaurant said, "Can you not do that, please?" And so he went
 fine, but they had the molds for Zorba. And so they quickly just rearranged it into Zara.
 So I guess they used the A twice out of Zorba. I guess that's how that works. And through
 away the B. Well, they like waste, so it doesn't matter. Start as you mean to go on, guys. Stick
 it in a bin. He's very reclusive. He's been photographed, I think, once by the company.
 The company released one photo of him once in about the year 2000. He is really very,
 very, very private, but he appears to wear only the same items of clothing every day.
 He wears a pair of trousers, a shirt and a jacket. None of which is sold by Zara. No,
 exactly. And it's kind of like that thing, you know how all the tech squillionaires, all
 their children are growing up playing with simple wooden blocks. And they've never seen
 a computer and they all go to schools where they don't do any tech stuff. But that also,
 it makes me also think of, do you remember Daniel Radcliffe used to do that after it?
 So when he came out on the West End at the stage door every night, he used to wear the
 exact same clothes so that the paparazzi couldn't sell a new photo because that photo could
 have been taken any night of the run. So that was his strategy.
 Is that also why he doesn't seem to have aged over the last 30 years?
 He's decided to freeze himself. Yeah, that's why you don't see many photos. Yeah. Okay,
 I'm just floating his theory. Okay. Because obviously a little of fast fashion is driven
 by high fashion and by red carpets and things like that. So if you're only allowed to wear
 one item of clothing on the red carpet for the rest of your life, that would presumably
 go a long way to what bit of the waiter. Are we going to make people whatever the last
 thing they were like Sam Smith, they're going to have to wear that kind of rubber thing.
 Yeah, yes. A certain date you just freeze and that's your clothes now. Yeah, like a random
 bell to just go off on your phone or something. Like today's your time and whatever you're
 wearing that it's just you know how you they gave us alerts when it was COVID we'd get
 like these text message alerts and it says it should be a clothing alert. Right, this
 is you now. This is your look. And it would incentivize people to always look their best
 because you might get frozen at any time. Yeah, yeah. I'm right now to have worn this
 hoodie with my own podcast. But I do think we need to make it slightly less socially
 acceptable to just wait. I just have a friend who wardrobe was just full of clothes with
 tags on. She was just a shoplifter. Actually, there's security tags. Does she have it on
 her ankle as well? She couldn't leave the house office. It's just socially acceptable
 to just buy stuff. My ex used to work in a clothes shop and the number of times people
 would come back with an outfit saying yeah, I haven't worn it because it didn't fit and
 it would be covered in red wine and vomit. Like no, no, we haven't worn it. Honestly,
 we haven't worn it. Yeah, I know it's shameless watching the lies of a hungover person. A
 lot of this just go back to a lot of this waste is returned items too. So even if you
 return items pristine, they often can't be resold because the minute you open the packaging,
 well it's not something they can really sell again. So we and our brains they go I'll try
 it on. I'll send it back and it'll be okay. It's not okay. Most of that does get dumped
 as well. Yes, exactly. And that's the big problem that no one realizes. So it's exactly
 that it is literally online ordering. You tried on and that's the wrong sides. That
 is now going into waste. Yeah, they won't reuse that. It's remarkable as well. I was
 reading about how Zara defines how they can make the fast fashion because it's not just
 looking at the bigger world of fashion, high end fashion like catwalks and so on. Basically
 the staff and this is from an article that was about 2012. So I'm talking for, you know,
 this could have changed since then but the way they do it is staff have to monitor by
 listening carefully to what people are making little comments about. I hate having those
 zips on the ankles. I wish they would put them up here and if they would collate this
 stuff and all report back. Did you hear anyone else say that? Yeah, I heard them say that.
 They report that back to head office and then they just start designing clothes according
 to literally customer feedback within the shop because they come up with so many different
 designs and then what they do at the big Zara warehouse which is like an air hanger, a New
 York Times journalist went to visit it. You would see people talking to the Zara's of
 the world going, "Red pants? Are they wearing red pants? Okay, we're getting reports of
 red pants here. Great, we're in red pant business now and they would make pants being trousers,
 sorry." Is that for English men over a certain age in the countryside? Going to the Henley
 Regatta. 14-year-old girls in China, a 60-year-old men at Henley. Zara have really been cracking
 the regatta market and it's... So if I go into a Zara and be like, "God, I'd love a panda
 costume." Yeah? Yeah. And if we all did it. If we all did it. Sorry, we're getting a giant
 river otter costume. Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Andy. My fact is that
 Ford has just got a patent for a car which can repossess itself if the owner falls behind
 with payments. This is quite a dystopian episode, isn't it? Yeah, it is. Yeah, yeah, absolutely.
 This is just a patent at the moment. Yeah. It may never be billed but it has been granted
 as they applied for it a couple of years ago and it's just been granted this year. So here's
 the plan, right? You've got your Ford. Yeah. You think it's safe. You've got it on a payment
 agreement. Payment agreement. You're doing okay but then you miss a couple of payments.
 A couple of payments, something happens and they write to you and you don't acknowledge
 it. Maybe you missed the message, whatever, right? But anyway, things steadily get worse
 for you and your car from this point onwards. Firstly, they just make the car a bit less
 pleasant to drive. In that, you know, they might disable the music or the air conditioning
 or the GPS. Some of these things sound a little bit dangerous. At this stage, you might just
 think it's a glitch, right? Yeah. You're doing a regular thing. It's not especially
 hot. So you don't like music. So fine. So you're all right. But then it'll make an unpleasant
 beeping sound whenever you get into the car. Okay, well, that's a bit annoying. It sounds
 like the music I might have been listening to anyway. Yeah, your EDM collection is fine.
 So great. Then it stops you using it at certain days or times as in the car won't even function
 outside, let's say, ordinary working hours. So I think the plan is that you can keep going
 to your job. So you can afford to catch up with your payments eventually. But you can't
 I don't know, socialize. And then as a very last resort, it will either drive to a waiting
 tow truck to be repossessed, like it'll have an asignation without you knowing about it.
 Or if it's worth very little, it'll just drive itself to a scrap yard and say, take me apart.
 Drive yourself to Ghana. That'd be good to be one car. That's great. So this is the plan.
 That's amazing. It's incredible. Maybe it'll happen. What's crazy is like this. Why can't
 technology be used for good? If we can control what cars are used and when they're used,
 what can't we do in the world right now, modal shift, we can't get people out of their cars
 on to train. So why don't we set these new electronic Wi-Fi connected cars in the future
 to like, you can be used for 10 hours a week, run out of your 10 hours, it won't work and
 you'll have to just go to a field and touch some grass, right? Why don't we use this for
 good? They can only take you to the park and ride. But there's got to be a better way to
 use this technology rather than to just like, make people destitute. Yeah, absolutely. I
 got one slightly better way of using the technology, the self-driving technologies. So if you've
 got a really busy road, it's kind of gridlocked almost and everyone's kind of stop, start,
 stop, start, bad for the environment, bad for everything, right? You can put 5% more
 cars onto the road, but if they're all driverless and they're all smart and they know exactly
 how fast to go on which lane to be in, they can stop the gridlock. Okay. Does that make
 sense? You know what I mean? Yeah. So like the cars will join the real cars and they'll
 work out how everyone's behaving and they'll move a little bit faster in this lane, a little
 bit slower in this lane and suddenly all of the traffic jam will stop. Like a dance,
 like a synchronised. Yeah, exactly. I used to work in highways and traffic modelling
 is mostly nonsense. Well, it's not nonsense, but it's super, it's super vulnerable to change.
 I worked on this one project here and they spent millions modelling how this new road
 would work and everyone was great. And then there was some crisis and petrol went up like
 2p and the model that's put in the bin. Like the smallest change in the most random thing
 to do with driving. You've got to put it all in the bin and start again. So a lot of policy
 and a lot of stuff is done based on these models, but these models are so quickly made
 and done. But it's true that driver behaviour does cause a huge amount of traffic. So like
 Rubberneck is a really good example. You're all familiar with people slow down to look
 at accidents because we're humans. Love it. Or Stonehenge. I'll say it, yeah, but I do
 that. The A303. Oh, yeah. A303. So you guys are so bad at it, they want to dig a tunnel
 underneath it. Like you guys are so just, if you won't stop slowing down, we're going
 to dig underneath it. Every time you're on the A303, you think, God, this wonderful
 crash must have happened up ahead. And it did happen like 3000 years ago. I feel like
 I would drive underneath and go, Oh, we're directly underneath. Let's slow down. Yeah,
 yeah, yeah. Let's feel it. Sense it. Yeah. Funny enough, I worked for the highway agency
 whilst I was trying to build it. And I'm like, you're never going to get permission to do
 this guy. It's like a really old build. Did they get it in the end? No, it got stuck in
 the bin. It's really hard to build tunnels because they're really environmentally unfriendly
 and expensive. Put on top of that a bloody English heritage site. You've got recipe for
 wasting your money. Yeah. Ford in 2020 applied for a paper to match up passengers with things
 like Uber's, you know, ride sharing. Anyway, matching up passengers on the cars by smell.
 Okay. So you fit a car with sensors. And then if that car smells of vomit and then you smell
 of vomit, then you get that one. Is that right? No, it's I think if you've unticked the vomit
 box, you don't want to be in the car smelling of vomit. Then you won't be paired up. That's
 clever. So on a Friday night, 11 o'clock, the pubs are kicking out, really hard to get
 an Uber. You uncheck the vomit thing and you're the only one who wants to get a vomit taxi.
 And so there's more taxis available. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I think it's more for people with
 things like airborne nut allergies than people that can't smell vomit. But I think there will
 be advantages for everyone. Yeah. Yeah. Let's say someone's had a peanut in the car and it
 will be very dangerous for you if you've got a very, very, very bad nut allergy to get
 into that car. So you can sense peanuts. Yeah, yeah. I'm trying to think what other smells
 can be deadly that are important for this patent. Mustard gas. Yes. That's not good.
 On the smell thing, there was a guy called Henry Cyril Padgett. He was the fifth Marquis
 of Bath. And he was really famous because he had gotten inheritance in 1904, which was
 equivalent to 30 million pounds per year. And after about five or 10 years, he'd accumulated
 debts of about half a million. And that's 60 million in current money, because he just
 spent it on everything. And he modified his car so that his exhaust pipe sprayed perfume.
 So wherever he went, there would be a nice little smell of like someone's vaping past
 you or something. Lovely. I think it's quite selfless because I mean, it's his car. Yeah,
 it's actually a benefit that he will never really feel himself. Well, I think what happened
 was he thought that all the cars at the time were a bit smelly. I'm going to do something
 a bit different. I feel like he's a climate change denier. And he's like, what climate
 change? What are you talking about? This is how profligate he was. He was once a theatre
 and someone had stolen some of his jewellery. And so he needed to get it back. So he enlisted
 the help of Arthur Conan Doyle to try and find the jewels. And he paid Conan Doyle to
 try and solve the case. Brilliant. God, that's great. Isn't that great? I do like people
 who spend money well. It's a really good way to spend your money. Not this fast fashion
 nonsense like 5000 shirts or do you want to hire Luther?
 Conan Doyle will come up with an incredibly elaborate mechanism by which it would have
 been done. He actually that he actually because he was so famous as writing the Sherlock Holmes
 books, people used to come to him with mysteries and ask him to solve them. And obviously they're
 offering him money and stuff. And he solved a few. And he used two methods, didn't he?
 One was real detective science. And the other was spiritualism. So he would get seances
 and he would try and track things down by just the feeling of where it might be. And
 did he keep two columns of success and failure? Which method worked better? I think he's
 got wins on both. Yeah, I wonder if that happens today. You know, if like Dan Brown has people
 getting in contact with him about solving. You'd get in ranking. Yeah, crime. P. D. James.
 Richard Osmond. Richard Osmond. Yeah. Your nan goes missing. Richard. Richard in.
 Do you want to hear something, a theory about cup holders? Okay. I was looking into. That's
 correct answer. I was looking into who developed all the different bits of a car and when they
 came in, you know, cup holders came in properly in about the 80s, I think they've been done
 since the 50s, but they weren't very good. If you were driving, you couldn't really properly
 stash a drink in a drink from a while driving. So like the decent ones came in in the 80s.
 Just a quick aside, the car with the most cup holders is apparently the 2019 Subaru Ascent.
 Any guesses? 16. Like five. 12. 19. Oh my God. 19 cup holders. We're at the final three
 that I wasn't thinking of. No. So, okay. Why do we like cup holders? There is a theory
 by a French scholar. Because you can keep your change in them. Well, yeah, that's kind
 of I've never put a cup in my cup holder. And the keys and the car keys. Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Here's a theory from this is printed in the Toronto Star French born
 scholar and marketer G Clotaire Rapaye, who argues that warm drinks as we drive a replacement
 for mother's milk. He says, I see. He says, what was the key element of safety when you
 were a child? It was that your mother fed you and there was warm liquid. Yeah. That's
 why cup holders absolutely crucial. I fit in my cup holder with a nipple. Yeah. And
 I, it's very comforting when I try. I'm sure we must have said this, but there was a theory
 that in McDonald's, the when you're slurping your milkshake, they make it the exact consistency.
 So the amount that you slurp is the same amount that you would like to impress. Is that why
 it's so thick? Wow. So you have to suck as hard as you did. I mean, I don't think it's
 true. There was a theory about that. Beautiful. Beautiful theory. I mean, I don't like milk
 at all. No, anything to do with milk. I don't like it. I even if like, if you give me a
 black tea and you use a spoon to stir it, that's been in a milky cup, I swear I can, I can
 taste, I can't stand milk. And I'm wondering now if that just says something about possibly
 my relationship with my mother. This is, well, I think it says everything. Yeah. I have the
 exact opposite. So last night you're still on the move. Yeah. I've been wondering for
 nine years who that woman is. Yeah, I woke up two AM last night off the back of having
 a dream about drinking some milk, got out of bed and I went downstairs and I had a glass
 of milk. A whole glass of milk. Yeah, two AM off the back of a dream that made me just
 salivate so much for it. I wonder if your body was craving it for something like you
 haven't had enough calcium in your diet. And also vitamin D, right? And it's been very
 gloomy in the UK recently. Yeah. Yeah. You can get even even other things than milk,
 which is vile in efficacy and smells. I would love to have a quite a fancy glass of milk
 lorax. I think I'm on the table. Once you think about it. Yeah. Yeah. What are we talking
 about? Carls. Carls. Have you heard of William Suchiti? No. So William Suchiti is a Zimbabwean
 born British entrepreneur. And he has invented something called cargo. And this was possibly
 going to be the future where they're like little dog sized cars that go round and deliver
 things to people's houses. Okay. And they're autonomous like cars. So you order your milk,
 let's say you've done fancy a glass of milk. Yeah. And then he puts in his order and then
 Tesco puts one in a little cargo and it drives it all the way around. Okay. Yeah. He's basically
 going against the Teslas and the Googles as the big, you know, who's going to be the big
 person who does this in the future. And this guy, the first thing he invented was an intelligent
 robot librarian. Cool. Who doesn't want one of those who was capable of holding a conversation
 or taking commands and would tell you where the books are that you want. So you say, oh,
 you know what, I really like this Richard Osman book. What else would I like? And they're
 like, oh, well, there's a Richard Coles book that's just down here. Come and follow me.
 And it would kind of drive around and take you to the book. I was sort of picturing an
 anti-Siri where you'd say like, Hey, Siri, and it's just, shh.
 This guy also invented an autonomous penguin that they use at Milton Keynes University Hospital.
 Cool. And it kind of takes the medicine round to wherever you need it. So if you need certain
 medicine in a state of ward, this little penguin will drive around and drive around and take
 your medicine. Is it for children's wards? Or just, you know what, it's actually for
 all wards, but I think, you know, it helps that it is good for children as well. Because
 you don't want like this evil sort of. Yeah, two 1000 liquid metal. And the other interesting
 thing I found about Sotiti is that in 2023 he rescued a zebra from Ukraine and he currently
 keeps it in his garden in Norfolk. Wow. Using technology for good, rather than evil. I think
 those cargos do sound like a very good idea because it's all about the taking the sort
 of emissions out of the last mile of delivery, isn't it? And that's where a lot of, you
 know, that's where you can really make efficiencies and, you know, driving vans around all the
 place, but they are going to need to be quite well defended. As in the number of packages
 that get mixed from doorsteps, they will need to be. But how would you, what would you say,
 like a flamethrower? I'd fit a flamethrower. I'd fit. So it would be a sliding scale like
 the Ford, like a bit of interference. It just gives you a stern verbal warning. Do you think
 that we should get William Sotiti to watch "Robot Wars" perhaps? Yes. A little spiked.
 Okay. And it's time for fact number three. And that is James. Okay. My fact this week
 is that the healthiest way to eat broccoli is to stir fry it. After chopping it into
 two millimeter pieces and leaving it to stand for an hour and a half. Yeah, we all know
 that. Is that how you do yours? Every day. That's what it says in your "Hello Fresh".
 Christ, that's a difficult question. So this is because they have a compound called sulforaphane.
 Sulforaphane is really hard to get at. You can get it quite well if you eat it raw, but
 as soon as you start cooking broccoli, it kind of degenerates and you don't get as much.
 You still get it, but you don't get quite as much. And there was some Chinese researchers
 in the Journal of Agricultural Food Chemistry and they tried loads of different ways of
 cooking broccoli, see which ways gets the most sulforaphane, and they found this way,
 you know, they chopped it into tiny, tiny pieces because actually it's almost a defense
 for the broccoli. It's trying to stop herbivores from eating it. And so it puts this chemical
 out to stop like cows from eating it. Nice try, idiot. You're in my kitchen. There's
 no way you're not going to eat it. Yeah. So like the way to get this out is to kind
 of macerate it or chop it up or whatever. So that's why you do the small chopping.
 All right.
 And then if you leave it for a long time, it helps the sulforaphane to come out and
 then you do a quick stir fry. But it's two mil... I gotta say, it feels a bit like you'll
 have a kind of mint of broccoli. And I like the crunch of a floret.
 Do you?
 A bit like cauliflower rice, I imagine it would be.
 Which I hate.
 I've got a testimony to do with sulforaphane, because I used to have really bad tendinitis
 in my knees, right? Really bad. And unfortunately, when you're not an athlete, people don't care
 when your joints hurt. Get over it, Athena. And then at the same time, years ago, became
 apparent that sulforaphane was good for your joints. And I was like, it can't hurt. So
 I started having kale and broccoli smoothies, right?
 Because I was like, they were trying to figure out how to extract the sulforaphane into like
 a tablet. And I was like, I haven't got time to wait for this, you know? And I honestly,
 after about a few weeks, if not months, of eating just loads of broccoli and having loads
 of broccoli and kale smoothies, I'm no word for like, my tendinitis cleared up.
 Really?
 Absolutely, yeah. This is anecdotal. It wasn't a scientific study. So I got off the running
 treadmill and off the pavement and started cycling and all this kind of stuff. But after
 a few weeks and months, the tendinitis cleared up and I've not had it since.
 Okay.
 That's really interesting.
 Would a skeptic say placebo for that, do you think?
 Well, you know what? Skeptics, right? Skeptics just need to get on board the Athena train.
 Yeah.
 And that's my response to all skeptics on anything they say.
 Like, get on board the Athena train.
 The sulforaphane definitely does work.
 Oh, no, I'm just wondering the method of the smoothie, whether or not that.
 Well, it depends. If you're having a fair bit. So there are pills these days, which you'll
 be glad to know Athena, they completed the process, they made the pills.
 Oh, what a relief.
 Yeah. And the pills, in fact, the pills might be even more effective than broccoli and kale
 smoothies. I don't know how much you were having. I mean, it sounds like a fair bit.
 I was, honestly, I would buy like three or four florets a week and I'd get through them
 and either steam it or having my smoothie because my knees, I was in agony. I couldn't
 watch a film. I couldn't go to the theater because every time my knees were bent for more
 than like a minute, they would just be on fire. So I had, yeah, I'd say, and yeah, three
 or four florets every week. So a lot, a lot.
 That is a lot. That absolutely is a lot. These pills are equivalent to eating five kilos
 of broccoli every day.
 Wow. That's possibly more. But the other thing is that you can overdo it like with anything,
 right? And if you have too much sulforaphane, you are supposedly at risk of hyperthyroidism,
 which will make you tired and, yeah, well, I don't need six kilos of broccoli a day.
 It's just balanced diet. It's like what we always say, but I mean, it's good stuff.
 My favorite broccoli is Cubby Broccoli. Hang on though. Hang on though. There's a really
 interesting fact about Cubby Broccoli. Cubby Broccoli was the producer of the James Bond
 movies. The broccoli family still produced them to this day. Cubby Broccoli in an interview
 that he gave in the 1980s to LA Times made the claim that broccoli, the vegetable is named
 after him. He's lying. Okay. The broccoli family. So he says that his father, who is
 called Giovanni and his brother, Giovanni's brother, they immigrated to Long Island from
 Calabria at the turn of the 20th century. He says, yeah, in Italy, sorry. He says that
 that broccoli family were descended from the Broccolis of Carrera, who were the first
 to cross cauliflower and rub to produce the broccoli. Therefore, broccoli is named after
 him, not vice versa. When people say, are you named after the vegetable? Pretty good.
 That sounds very convincing. I have to say. It was an Italian thing. Like the first farmers
 to grow broccoli, the modern broccoli that we consider broccoli today were in the south
 of Italy. It's definitely a manmade thing. That's from the cabbage family, but they
 were bred that way, right? Yeah. And it was invented in Italy. I think possibly just named
 because it's Italian for shoots or something. Yeah. That's the etymology, isn't it? And
 it's the same word. It's the same as brooch. Brooch and broccoli have the same etymological
 root. Yeah. I know the Romans had a version of broccoli, but I don't think they had a
 lovely classic green broccoli. Well, one thing they definitely didn't have is tender
 stem broccoli. Is that what we've got? So tender stem broccoli is where it's quite a long stem
 and then there's little broccoli florets on the top. And you can eat the whole thing.
 It's pot broccoli. Oh, it's delicious, guys. It's brilliant. But this is one of the most
 amazing things I've ever found. Tender stem broccoli was invented about 10 years ago by
 a committee in Japan and it's a registered trademark. What? Isn't it amazing? Originally
 they called it aspiration when they invented it. Because it looks like an asparagus. Exactly.
 That's where they got it from. And yeah, they would just have this session where a load
 of people at the Sokata Seed Incorporation in Yokohama sat around the table and went,
 you know what we should do? We should make broccoli where you can eat the whole thing.
 How would we do that? Well, what if we mixed it with Chinese kale? Okay, let's try it.
 And they tried it. And now they patent the seeds and they sell the seeds around the world.
 Are you saying actually 10 years? About 10 years. In the last 20 years for sure. But
 you're saying I couldn't have seen in the millennium with a nice dish of tender stem broccoli.
 It would have been close. It was around that time when they started coming in. I never
 saw these because they were inexpensive. I see you're like, oh, I'm doing well in the
 world now that I've been introduced to a new broccoli. It's utterly bizarre. And they
 called them aspiration and they tried to sell them like that. And then Debbie Nucci, who
 is the wife of the company's chief operating officer, she came up with the name Broccolini
 and that's what they called in America. And then it was Marks and Spencer started to call
 in them tender stem in the UK. Wow. So let me get this right. You're saying you think
 that's more amazing than the fact that the James Bond producer? Well, that's not true
 what you said. The bit that I said is verifiably true. That's milk shake nipple. That's not
 going to become a thing that my name is now milk shake nipple but Donald's man. It's
 a cat fits. If the nipple fits, they love broccoli in Japan, though, don't they? They
 like to the point. Yeah. Yeah. So to the point where kids particularly love it and there's
 a story which is Pixar, you know, the movie inside out that they did. There's a scene
 in that where it was a movie about emotions. It was a real kind of poignant. They had characters
 like one of them was sad and one of them was angry. It was all in one person's head. Yeah,
 exactly. And in it, there's a scene where they eat broccoli and they go. It's yucky
 or whatever. And they swap that. They swap that out for the Japanese edition because
 broccoli is loved by kids there. So they put it instead. They put in stairs. They don't
 like milk, do they? I think famously in Japan. That wouldn't go down well in my house. Turn
 it off. We're done. Green peppers. Green peppers. Yeah, that's what they replace it with. But
 isn't there like a substance that makes green vegetables taste horrible to kids? And it's
 in Brussels sprouts and things like that. It's really bitter, right? Yeah. Yeah. So some
 people, so it happens to lots of children and I think children have extra taste buds.
 But there is a gene, which I have written down, which is called TAS2R38. And that lets
 you taste bitterness. And there's a variant of that gene. And if you get two versions
 of one particular variant, then your whole life, not just when you're a child, you experience
 all the Brassica family as being unbelievably foul and bitter and horrible. It's really
 interesting. My wife, when she was pregnant, she craved broccoli and tender stem. And then
 after about a month, she couldn't be in the same room as it. But didn't have the hearts
 tell me because I started making a loads of things with broccoli in it because she was
 like, oh yeah, I really want broccoli. I'm like, great, I'll make broccoli soup. I'll
 make broccoli this, broccoli that. And then she just found it so disgusting she couldn't
 be near it. Maybe that was the response. Here's your broccoli cake, darling, happy birthday.
 You're absolutely right. It's amazing how it can quickly turn. Broccoli everything here.
 It could have been more of a comment on my cooking than anything else. It's a two minute
 bit of pieces darling. I made it exactly as I told me to. Oh, this is a cool thing. This
 is slightly tangential. I hope you don't mind. Have you heard of epicuticular wax?
 No. Right. This is a wax that covers lots of vegetables, right? That is water repellent
 and loads and loads of vegetables, including broccoli, have epicuticular naturally or we
 are doing naturally. So like epidermis is the top layer of skin and cuticular the cuticles.
 So it's it's the surface layer. And it's it's to protect the plant from water getting in
 from outside. Yeah. And all the rubbish that might be in external water, matter of bacteria
 and it might be dangerous. There might be molds, all of that. And this is why, you know,
 when you wet kale, you know, when you go out wet some kale. Yeah, we all go out on kale
 letting expeditions. But you might rinse some kale before cooking it in the water just seems
 to stick on the surface. Droplets. Yeah, it splashes. It makes a mess. Water goes everywhere.
 It literally is like it's alive and it's rejecting water. Well, it is and it is and it's because
 of epicuticular wax. And it's why when you boil kale, sometimes it leaves a like a ring
 ring or the bathtub. It's like water off a duck's back. Water off kale's epicuticular
 wax. Yeah. Wow. Yeah. And it's, it's super hydrophobic in some plants. It feels like you
 know what really hydrophobic things we tend to use them as lubricants like oil and stuff
 like that, right? Yeah. Feels like you could use this kale as a lubricant. It's gonna struggle
 to sell it now. Special vegan section of ads on itself. Yeah, I think that's all right.
 You're right. You're right. Yeah. Yeah. I wasn't thinking sexual. I was thinking, oh, please.
 I said lubricant and sex never. I just, what? Wow. How did you get there? James says lubricant.
 He thinks of complicated machine tool processes. Go back to your milkshake.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show. And that is my fact. My fact this week
 is that last year on December 23rd, a hospital in Doncaster accidentally sent a text message
 to thousands of its patients informing them that they had an aggressive terminal disease.
 What they'd meant to send was a message reading, Merry Christmas and have a happy new year.
 So this is a very unfortunate moment. And I should say that while obviously it's a,
 it's in theory a hilarious cock up. This caused chaos. Yeah. This caused horrible, horrible
 moments for people in Doncaster and the center of which the texts went out from. There's
 about 8,000 people sign there. So this was their mailing list basically through text
 messaging. Some of them had had tests. Some of them had tests. Some of them were rating
 on results. Some of them were, there was a lady who ran out of her house and she ran
 around the corner because she was so petrified and she saw six people in the street all out
 there as well going, I've just been. So everyone, it was just like a national. You know what
 it reminds me of? Do you remember that Hawaiian? Yeah. If one got a text message saying there's
 a nuclear missile coming to Hawaii. Exactly. And everyone believed it for about 15 minutes.
 But I think some people were going to shelters and the guy who had sent the message had done
 it before as well. I think it was a second offense. Twice before he'd mistook. But he's
 like, it's okay. I'm just going to move to Doncaster. We'll never have this problem again.
 Oh yeah. What happened with that was that a call had came in to do a test for a missile
 launch and the guy who pressed the button, there's two buttons that you can press. One
 that says test missile alert and then missile alert. Like a drop down menu. Yeah. Because
 they're alphabetically so close to each other. It's not like he picked the wrong thing. He
 picked missile alert because he was overhearing the conversation and he said what happened
 was that the guy who had the person on the phone saying, this is a test, this is a test
 of whatever wording it was, said that to the to the phone that was on the ear of the guy
 receiving it. And then he put it on to speakerphone. So the man who pressed the button didn't
 hear the, this is a test, just heard the next bit and was clearly a paranoid guy. So he
 just pressed the button. So it wasn't only text messages. It was also the TVs. It came
 on the TV. It came over the radio. He's a paranoid guy, but maybe he was just doing
 his job. Well, he was doing his job, but he'd done it wrong three times in total. So it
 they had to let him go. It was just an amusing that each time it was a music thing that made
 him stop hearing this is a test. Yeah. Like siren just drives. There was a school there
 in Hawaii where the students, they ran out after hearing all the, all the text messages
 on on TV and they ran to the fallout shelters built specifically for missiles and so on
 got there, but they were locked. So they had to run back into the school. So they couldn't
 even use the thing built for them to do it. And there were people were reporting people
 driving a hundred miles an hour down the road, desperately trying to get home. It was an
 amazing thing. I have a book, by the way, which is my favorite novel of recent years
 I've read by Jim Carrey, my, you know, the comedian. And the cover of it is his face.
 It's done a bit artistically, but it's his face. And Jim Carrey was writing that book
 while that missile was launched in Hawaii. And he was doing FaceTime with his assistant
 who called him up saying, we have minutes to live. And she accidentally took a screen
 grab the second his face. Like this is going to be a billion. She was there as well. So
 I think she had minutes to make that money. You want to see what a guy with one of the
 funniest faces in the world does. He was in the mask, right? So as soon as they told
 him, his eyes would pop out. You've got four minutes to make the funniest face. Get Carrey,
 Rowan Atkinson, a few others and just workshop it. This isn't really about systems and practical
 because I've had lots of jobs. I used to do like business development, right? She'd
 go into companies and they would have a process for doing things. And you'd say, well, this
 process works and doesn't work for these reasons. So this is a really good example of it's
 not actually that guy's fault, professing the nuclear test button. It's the process.
 So you know, in movies in America, there's this mad process they've got to do to like
 actually send the bombs. They've got to read codes. They've got to do dances. They've got
 to play charades. They've got to complete the game of mouse trap. Exactly. You know those
 games where you've got like a metal wire. And you've got to take something over without
 making something, making noise or whatever. And you've got to take operation. But the
 whole point of that is so you don't just like start firing missiles by accident. It is unequivocal.
 This is what we want you to do. Having a, oh, I just want to put you on speaker. There's
 like a three second delay. Only one person's responsible. There's a drop down list. These
 are all things. If I was going into that office, I'd be like, yeah, you need to change your
 process. That mistake shouldn't have happened with the Doncaster thing. That's a process
 thing.
 There used to be, there was an idea, a theory by someone and I forgive me, I can't remember
 who it was, but they said that they should put the nuclear codes inside a person. And
 that person should be with the president at all times. Yes. So if the president ever needed
 to send a nuke, they would have to kill that person and suddenly it becomes more real for
 the president. He's not just pressing any old button. The president has to literally
 stab the guy and I don't think it would be the president. Because the idea is that then
 the president who's making that decision has to make a more immediate decision before he
 can just press it.
 There are lots.
 There are lots.
 There are lots.
 The giant river otter.
 With the president at all times.
 Because the president's got to make a lot of life and death decisions.
 And who applies for that job as well? Like, who come to go, honey, you got to grow a gig.
 I'm working with the president.
 You might, you know, we've never had a nuclear war break out. You will probably just serve
 your time.
 In theory, you could just sit around doing nothing for 30 years and then get to go wherever
 the president goes.
 You'll see amazing rooms.
 Oh my God, this is a great thing.
 You probably can't put on too much weight because then he would be more difficult for
 stab you.
 Absolutely.
 Rules.
 Yeah.
 You've got to have a big tattoo of cut here.
 Cut here.
 A little scissor light inserted on you.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's a bit stressful, but you know.
 But then wouldn't the sort of the enemy try and kidnap you and get the codes out of your
 chest as well?
 Oh yeah, that is true.
 Don't you become a...
 As we know who the person is...
 You would probably have to have about 10 people, all of whom were with the president, but only
 the president knows which one it is.
 Oh wow, yes.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's a great idea.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So you've all got the tattoo.
 Yeah.
 But maybe everyone in America has one.
 And...
 It's getting complicated, isn't it?
 It's getting harder to...
 Just on text messages, this text message is meant to say, "Merry Christmas and have a
 happy new year."
 Yeah.
 And that's very apt.
 It is.
 Because the first ever text message said, "You have an aggressive terminal..."
 No, it said...
 It was a merry Christmas.
 It was a merry Christmas message.
 Yeah, that's great.
 It was sent by a man called Neil Papworth.
 I think it was in the...
 It was in 1992, on the 3rd of December.
 There we go.
 But imagine getting the first ever text message.
 And it was, like, 3rd of December a bit early.
 Yeah.
 That's the thing.
 Vodafone were having the Christmas party on the 3rd of December.
 Vodafone were having a party.
 I believe to celebrate the sending of the first ever text message.
 So this guy, Papworth, sent the message to the head of Vodafone, or Richard Jarvis, who
 was a big week at Vodafone.
 I believe it was a party partly to celebrate this technology happening.
 And he had to text it from a computer, because phones at the time didn't have the capacity
 to text.
 Yeah.
 But the phone that Richard Jarvis received it on weighed two kilos.
 And that's about, I think, 12 modern iPhones, as in it just reminds you of what phones have
 been like in very, very living memory.
 There's a guy called Brian Moore.
 He's designed a device that won't let you type the word "lol" unless it has actually
 detected you laughing out loud.
 That's a good idea, that, isn't it?
 That's great.
 With the iText hat, when I am laughing, but I would never send lol, even if I'm really
 laughing out loud.
 No.
 That would be "ha ha".
 I do "ha ha ha ha" to be like, you're like, kind of, I'm laughing a lot.
 I do "wa ha ha ha ha" but I am a villain.
 But I think you would be able to program it so it wouldn't let you say "ha ha" unless
 you were laughing out loud.
 And it also doesn't let you write "ruffle" unless you're actually rolling on the floor.
 What about pissing myself laughing?
 Then moisture sensors, wow, insert.
 Laughing my ass off.
 Okay, the fastest ever text message, this is just a little weird fun record, okay.
 Like just KK.
 So there's a specific message which you have to send for this record.
 Right.
 Do we know what it is?
 We do.
 I'll tell you the record first, right?
 So this was broken, it may have been re-broken since, but it was 2010, British woman Melissa
 Thompson, she sent this message.
 It's 26 words and she managed it in 25.94 seconds.
 Okay.
 That's pretty good.
 It's all right.
 It doesn't sound, yeah, second word sounds quite beatable though, doesn't it?
 Here's the message.
 The razor-toothed piranhas of the genera Serra, Salmus and Pygocentrus are the most ferocious
 freshwater fish in the world.
 In reality, they seldom attack a human.
 Lol.
 So that's what she managed in 25 seconds.
 Okay, that is impressive.
 It's a predictive text.
 I imagine piranhas not necessarily going to come up.
 I would say the name of the species, because I have actually never heard those words before.
 She would learn them beforehand, I guess.
 I think so, yeah, because it's the sentence you'd know.
 And it's a real Fosbury flopper though, Melissa's record, because 2004, the same record with
 the same sentence was broken by a Sussex man called James Trussler, and he took 67 seconds
 to do it, and she took under 26 seconds to do it.
 Wow.
 Did she have a special technique?
 Oh, I don't know.
 I don't know if it's like Fosbury, yeah, yeah.
 But it's a huge difference.
 Yes.
 Maybe she was the first person to ever use her thumb rather than typing with her ridden
 next fingers.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly.
 All right, you know the old lockers, you have to press each button three times.
 A, B, C.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 All that.
 So, yeah, that's amazing.
 Good for whoever that was.
 And good for if you're stuck with a piranha as well.
 Yeah.
 Because they sell them to attack a human.
 Ah.
 I think I think about texting.
 Yeah.
 It was so profitable.
 Oh.
 When it cost, I mean--
 It's like 10p a text, wasn't it?
 We're all of a nature to remember 10p texts.
 Yeah.
 It didn't cost 10p to send that data.
 Doesn't feel like it.
 Doesn't feel like it did.
 And so I did a little looking into it, and basically the profits were unbelievably huge
 for mobile phone firms.
 People were sending like a billion, weren't they?
 Like the world was sending--
 And you'd get on your plan, sorry for any younger listeners, but you'd get a certain
 number of minutes and maybe 200 texts a month, or 500 texts a month, and you'd get right
 up to the wire of how many texts you were allowed to send because then it was charging
 you 10p a minute.
 Anyway, in 2001 it cost 10p, like you said, James, which was 128 bytes of data for 160
 characters, right?
 The Guardian calculated that if it was charged at that rate, buying a standard music CD would
 cost 60,000.
 Oh my god.
 Yeah.
 The text message was just banality, right?
 It wasn't even like-- it wasn't 10p worth of information.
 It was mostly flirting.
 Well, mine were all about piranhas and stuff.
 I was wondering how old WhatsApp was.
 All right.
 I'm going to guess this.
 I must say I don't know the answer, but Dan's got his laptop so you can check.
 I can check.
 Yeah.
 I guess first, I think now.
 I think eight years old.
 Nice.
 So that's what, 2015?
 Yeah.
 Because James got us earlier with the 10 to stand broccoli, right?
 Yeah.
 Like it's invented 20 years ago.
 So I'm going to guess 1492.
 Ah.
 Like it's actually--
 You're not closer, but you're closer to what I'm going to say.
 Okay.
 So first of all, Dan, what was the answer?
 Well, is it older or younger than broccoli?
 Broccoli.
 Because I think broccoli and I reckon actually came in around the turn of the millennium
 really.
 Okay.
 So it must be younger than that.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 Yes, it is.
 Yeah.
 Go on.
 2009.
 2009.
 Okay.
 Well, I found a WhatsApp from 1908.
 This is what I just thought.
 I'd go in the newspaper archives and search for WhatsApp and see what came up.
 And this was from the Mass on Telegraph of the 26th of September, 1908.
 And it was about someone being sued for breaking up an engagement.
 And this was the first time that had ever happened in Albany, in Georgia.
 And it was a businessman called Jay E. Sapp.
 And he had teamed up with a guy called Mr. Watt.
 And they owned a hardware shop in Georgia called WattSapp.
 Get out.
 Isn't that amazing?
 Get out.
 The WattSapp hardware store existed for a small amount of time in 1908 in Albany, Georgia.
 Wow.
 And the proprietor was going around breaking up engagements.
 Well, that's what WattSapp is used for.
 In many, in many ways, just couples have an argument.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 James.
 And Athena.
 Athena could blend you.
 But don't come to me.
 I don't know.
 I think.
 Yeah.
 Or you can go to our group account @NoSuchThing or email us on podcast@QI.com or do go to
 our website.
 NoSuchThingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 But more importantly, make sure to check out Athena's podcast.
 How long's it been going now?
 Oh, we're on episode five.
 Episode five?
 The last one was about a friend of ours who got the snip.
 Wow.
 Yeah, right?
 It was way too enthusiastic.
 Your kids must be stressful, man.
 Yeah.
 That sounds good.
 Yeah.
 I hadn't thought of that.
 But it's called "Why Does My Child Hate Me?"
 It's about kids and how they're the problem, not us.
 We're brilliant.
 So check that out.
 These kids are nuts.
 Yeah.
 Otherwise, we'll be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
