 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Um, which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 You didn't know such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 He says it right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Oh, and welcome to the second episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish."
 This is a QIELF podcast coming to you from our office
 is in Covenant Garden.
 We want to say, first of all, thanks to everyone who
 listened to the first episode that we put out last week.
 Got huge numbers.
 We weren't expecting it.
 And really great feedback.
 There's a lot of technical hiccups that we are sorting out.
 We're going to get on with this second podcast now.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with three other QIELs--
 James Harkin and H. Azinsky and Andy Murray.
 And once again, we're huddled around our microphone.
 And these are the best facts that we found out
 from the last seven days.
 So in no particular order, here we go.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, first fact.
 And let's go with you, Anna.
 Yeah, I found out this week that the first ever sandwich
 that we know about contained wine.
 Yeah, but it was a wine sandwich.
 What?
 Well, it is.
 It's a sandwich.
 I think it's a bread with wine.
 We had had other stuff in it, but wine was one of the ingredients.
 Yeah, so the first recorded sandwich was actually more of a wrap.
 It was called a correction.
 It was invented by Hillel, who's a Jewish religious leader from,
 like, 100 BC.
 So the Jews have been, like, at this festival eating wine
 and figs and spices and stuff all mixed up together for about 1,000 years.
 And he decided to just shove it between some flatbread.
 And part of the concoction was wine and mixed up--
 So this isn't the Earl of Sandwich's invention.
 I'm doing the inverted colors side there,
 and I say that.
 So this is way before that.
 This is way before that.
 The Earl of Sandwich claims credit where it's not G.
 Yeah, I never heard that.
 And that's actually-- I don't think we've
 done that genig on QI who invented the sandwich, have we?
 No, but what did the other sandwich do, if anything?
 I think he was the first person to--
 I mean, he probably wasn't, but he was known for shoving meat
 between bread and the West.
 People say it's because he was a, like, a gracious gambler, yeah.
 Well, there's no way that he invented the sandwich anyway,
 is that because, like, obviously, for, like you say,
 for ever, people have been putting things in between two slices of meat.
 Yeah, it's so obvious.
 I think I'd like this idea of people just putting their name to something
 which has been invented for so long.
 Like, in 1999 in Japan, someone patented curry.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 What happened was the very next year, 80 people
 tried to patent pizza after this, huh?
 Really, yeah.
 Well, there was a guy in Australia who successfully
 painted in the wheel, right?
 Oh, yeah.
 Successfully?
 Yeah, successfully.
 But that was actually the first wheel in Australia.
 It was just 20 years ago.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, he did.
 He successfully did it.
 And it made it past.
 And he did it as a kind of parody protest
 to show how things were getting through the net when it came to patents.
 Oh, thank you.
 Because I think to a lot of people getting stuff stolen in Australia
 as an invention.
 And so--
 OK.
 Yeah, he successfully did it.
 I remember the guy in the '70s who patented the colmover.
 Oh, yeah.
 Obviously that's been happening forever, but yeah, yeah.
 This is from the Wikipedia about the sandwich full disclosure.
 But what it says is, before being known as sandwiches,
 this food combination seems to simply
 have been known as bread and meat.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Or meat and bread.
 Or meat and bread, cheese.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Hang on, I just thought that would work for all fillings.
 Yeah.
 You just bread and--
 Yeah, bread and cheese and bread and cheese.
 Yeah.
 I'm just going to go and have a cheese and ham, bread and cheese and ham.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I was thinking about-- because the idea of wine going into a sandwich
 is it's a nice thing about what else goes into a sandwich
 that you would not expect.
 But then I started thinking, oh, but there's a lot of stuff
 that goes into wine that we don't expect.
 OK.
 But there's a nettle wine.
 So nettle being those stingy knives.
 Yeah, so you can get nettle.
 That's a cannabis wine, which is available,
 which has become really popular in the US.
 This is my favorite one.
 It's a chilean wine.
 And it's been created using meaty right
 for them during the birth of a solar system.
 What?
 Yeah, so it's a-- it's been developed by a guy called Ian Hutchin.
 He's an English guy working in Chile.
 It's a meteorite that's believed to have
 crashed in the Atacama desert in northern Chile,
 about 6,000 years ago.
 And it's submerged in the wine during the fermentation process.
 Yeah, so it's a meaty right wine.
 I mean, that's--
 Well, that's pretty cool.
 Yeah, I really want to tell you that.
 In China, you can get something called three penis wine.
 Can you guess what's in that?
 Two penises.
 No, three penises.
 It does contain three different penises.
 Of what?
 OK, so deer.
 Yeah, deer is one of them.
 And it's supposed to be like a general pick me up kind of.
 But deer, maybe a bird?
 One of the birds with a penis?
 Yeah, most birds don't have penises today.
 97% of bird species have no penises.
 But the other three, some of them
 have very, very positive players.
 Yeah.
 The Argentinian lake dot.
 45 centimeters and curled.
 And that's just a blu-tit.
 If you're listening to this at home,
 Google Argentinian lake dot penis.
 And you'll see exactly what Andy's talking about.
 It is epic.
 Wow.
 Well, what's the third penis?
 I can't remember.
 History penis.
 History penis.
 History.
 Lucky did penis.
 Penis du jour.
 There is one other wine.
 It's a Japanese wine, which is called Japanese feces wine.
 It's no-dose tongsul.
 And it's primarily made using human or animal feces.
 So what's the third kind of feces?
 I'm going to give you one.
 I'm going to trump that even for a disgusting wine.
 In 1495, it was reported that the Spanish
 were mixing the blood of lepers with their wine
 and feeding it to the French as a only kind of biological
 warfare.
 Well, they're war at the time.
 It wasn't a preemptive.
 OK.
 No, sorry, leper war.
 Lepper's blood.
 But it probably wouldn't have done any harm.
 No.
 Because 90% of people, 95, are immune to Hansen's disease.
 Hansen's disease are leprosy anyway.
 And a lot of people will probably
 misidentifying leprosy even then as other skin conditions.
 I'd really like to quickly say a word
 for about the Earl of Sandwich, because I love him.
 It's actually the current Earl of Sandwich.
 I wanted to mention the 11th Earl of Sandwich,
 who's direct descendant of the Earl of Sandwich, because he--
 so he's obviously thought, I'm the Earl of Sandwich.
 And I've got this son called Orlando.
 So he's got Orlando who's going to be the Earl of Sandwich.
 So what I'm going to do is I'm going to go and set up
 a sandwich shop and go into business with this guy called
 Robert Earl, and it's going to be in Orlando.
 And so that's what he did.
 So the current Earl of Sandwich owns the sandwich shop
 in Disneyland, Orlando.
 Called Orlando Blumas.
 It should be.
 It should be.
 It's called the Earl of Sandwich.
 The good thing about the Disneyland in Tokyo,
 you'll know this better than me, Andy,
 but didn't the not one of the North Korean Kim Jong, you know, this guy?
 One of Kim Jong Il's three sons was disinherited
 for going to one of the Disneyland's.
 Really?
 Yeah, right?
 He had three sons, and the first two botched it.
 And I can't remember how the other one did,
 but Kim Jong Nam is the eldest son of Kim Jong Il.
 And he was detained in Japan with a fraudulent passport in 2001.
 He was trying to pass himself off as a Dominican named
 Pang Xiong, which translates as Fat Bear in Chinese.
 And so they deported him.
 But he was trying to visit Tokyo, Disneyland, with his family.
 I got told the other day that who is this?
 Someone I know went to South Korea,
 and they stood at the border of South Korea and North Korea.
 And apparently what you see when you're at the South looking at the North
 is a huge cardboard cutout of a city
 that North Korea has put up to give the impression
 that they're a huge metropolis from South Korea.
 Oh, OK, they call them Potemkin towns, don't they?
 Yeah, but it's just, it's like, literally like,
 imagine the Hollywood sign, but done as a ginormous looking city.
 So that's what you see when you--
 What happens when it rains?
 What's made of, like, I'm sure they laminated it, for some reason.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 What's the--
 There isn't an extra area at the border where they both work.
 That was where there were a lot of recent tension.
 And they shut down called the Kaisom industrial area.
 And actually workers from both countries
 go into it every day, thousands of them work together.
 So there's this one weird point of contact
 between the two countries.
 What my favorite fact about that part of the world
 is it's called the demilitarized zone, isn't it?
 Yes.
 But it's the world's most militarized zone.
 Yeah, that's it.
 That's all right, isn't it?
 Why isn't that the one in the house that it's on?
 I can't say.
 I missed out on so many opportunities.
 Didn't scan.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We should have been written QI version.
 I don't know.
 I'll land it as more as that.
 OK, let's move on to fact two.
 James, this is your effect.
 Yeah, I like this one.
 It's in 2003, three people in Mexico died of acne.
 So--
 I love that.
 I'm pretty sure you can't die of acne.
 I know.
 I don't know how they died.
 This just came from a list of the ways that people died.
 So it's on nationmaster.com.
 And it gives all of the mortality stats
 for all the different countries.
 And so if you looked for people dying of acne,
 there were seven deaths worldwide, three of which
 occurred in Mexico.
 And what I think it is, it's just the way
 that they do their stats.
 And other countries might have people dying of the same thing,
 but they don't say it's a vaccine.
 So they just died with acne?
 Yeah.
 Let's just say it's that.
 Because I can see that.
 And I don't have to cut a movie.
 It looks to me like you died of being a five foot six male.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, maybe they just, they have to write--
 they have to tick a box of what they died with and the acne
 is right at the very top.
 And they just lay eyes.
 The first answer was, yeah, it's an ailment right at the top.
 Is it on Varka, does he?
 No.
 So yeah, it's going to be--
 It could be killed by an arid vark.
 Yeah.
 Death.
 They don't have a list of people who were killed by animals.
 27 worldwide in 2003, people killed by contact with millipedes,
 which is pretty cool.
 Poisonous millipedes?
 Or, yeah, venomous ones.
 And I think five of those were in El Salvador.
 I seem to remember you telling me ages ago
 that in Australia, no one's died of this.
 And no one's ever died in Australia.
 It's really interesting.
 Yeah.
 But we don't have acne in Australia.
 So no, it's not.
 But no one's been by spider or snake
 has died in the last 50 years.
 It's certainly been a long time since a spider bite killed anyone
 because they have very good antivenom, though, in Australia.
 I think it was the 1980s.
 And I just remember looking this up,
 because I got paranoid that I'd been bitten by a black spider
 in Tasmania.
 Pretty sure that I was going to be the next case.
 Wow.
 What we do a lot on QI is find people with funny deaths.
 And I don't think that's bad, because death
 is just a part of life.
 And you know, we all die.
 And if it can be a funny thing, then that's good.
 So you could have been in one of those lists of--
 You could have been a fat, famous death.
 You would have liked it.
 It would have been announced in the QI office.
 And you would have been like, that's awesome.
 That's great.
 But no, my bad.
 That's going on a series.
 I almost had a death, which I thought, if it happened,
 it would have made a nice list for you.
 Well, when I was living in Hampstead,
 we got evacuated from our apartment one day
 because police were outside.
 They didn't even tell us.
 But we went outside, and then they didn't let us back in.
 And I was like, what's going on?
 And they said, we found in the basement of your flat
 an unexploded World War II bomb.
 And so they had people inside detonating the bomb.
 But it struck me that had that gone off.
 The person calling my parents, the police officer,
 would have had to have said, your son's
 met with a tragic accident.
 So how do you die?
 Well, he was blown up.
 Who did this?
 We believe it to be the work of the Nazi.
 I would have become a victim of World War II.
 I know that's Hitler would have killed him.
 I haven't even worse one than that because there
 was a Russian psychic in the '80s who
 wanted to prove that he was psychic.
 And so he stood in front of a moving train
 and tried to stop it with his mind and was killed by the train.
 Oh, my God.
 I have one death, which I'd like to share.
 Please, wow.
 This is the man who introduced the camel to Australia.
 His name is John Ainsworth Horricks.
 And he died in 1846.
 And he brought the first camels there
 because they were used to build the railways.
 And the result is now that there
 were a million feral camels in Australia.
 But anyway, the man who introduced him, John Ainsworth Horricks,
 was killed by his own camel.
 What?
 He trampled to death?
 No, he was riding it.
 And he was reloading his gun.
 It sort of lurched a bit as he did so.
 And the gun went off, blasted him in the arm and in the body.
 He lived four days during which he ordered the camel to be shot.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What a bit in there.
 I looked at him so acne, just because I was so skeptical
 about the idea of acne killing you.
 So and then got really caught up in theories about acne
 from the 19th century, what caused it?
 So for like 150 years, they were referred to as chastity
 postures because it was thought that the reason you had acne
 was because you weren't having sex.
 And so like doctors wrote--
 so I put this quote from a doctor in about 8 to the 1830s--
 it is a fact that this affection disappears
 in young girls immediately after marriage.
 And there is especially seen in young men
 who observe rigorous chastity.
 And so they thought, well, so first of all, doctors
 recommend that you marry as soon as possible to get rid of them.
 And then they thought another way of like alleviating
 it was to give people laxatives.
 Because that I guess, like, I don't know, excels--
 Courage is due in a similar way.
 But weirdly, they do actually work to cure acne.
 So they try laxatives and laxatives do work.
 OK.
 I think I can tell you my acne cleanse.
 Gone from the Greek word "knayon," meaning
 I know, or I scrape.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 I have another cool death here.
 This was a guy called Morton Norbury.
 And in 1910, all I know about him is he
 was killed after an argument over who
 possessed the most handsome mustache.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's such a good death.
 That's wonderful.
 What's his name?
 Morton Norbury?
 Morton Norbury.
 It's a great name.
 He sounds so like a guy with a huge mustache.
 I wanted his life.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, time for fact number three.
 That is my fact.
 This week, I bought a copy of--
 there's a new book out called "This Is Improbable 2"
 by Mark Abrams.
 Mark Abrams is the founder of the Ignobile Prizes.
 He's also a good kind of QI family friend.
 Yeah, we love him.
 We've-- he's been on museumic curiosity.
 We often do talks at his Ignobile tours.
 One's going to be happening this year.
 Yeah, if you go on to-- if you check out Mark Abram--
 he's at Mark Abram's.
 I'll check out mine at X-Shake.
 We'll post up when we're going to be appearing in that.
 So he's so this book is basically a collection.
 He runs as well as the Nobel Prizes
 a magazine, which is called "The Annals of Improbable Research."
 And it's a kind of a collection of all the greatest research
 projects have been undertaken by scientists around the world.
 He collects them, rewrites them.
 And so I'm reading the book at the moment.
 And there was one story, which it's not so much a fact,
 but I'd really like the idea of it.
 It's all the other notable Einstein's out there.
 His point being that it's very hard
 to have the surname Einstein, if he worked in science,
 because there's quite a famous one who worked in science,
 and he often overshadows the rest of them.
 So the most notable ones that are out there
 is Emmy Einstein, who has set an equation
 that predicts the composition of a pork carcass.
 There's also a lady called Rosemary Einstein,
 who she and two other colleagues at the University
 of Leeds investigated the use of cannabis and alcohol
 and tobacco by 300 young persons at the university.
 So these are two people who've published reports
 that have been quite successful in the scientific community.
 But it did get me thinking about other namesakes.
 The other people with incredible shadows to jump over.
 And--
 Yeah, it must be hard.
 I'll maybe open some doors.
 Or maybe it just puts a lot of pressure on you.
 I think you're right.
 I think it does open doors.
 So are there any other old barmas out there at the moment?
 At the moment, not real.
 I mean, there's a prime minister in--
 I can't remember what country, but he's Obama,
 and he's currently in power.
 Really?
 Yeah, wow.
 Yeah, I don't think he's related, but he's--
 I'll see if I can--
 It's not actually Obama, just secretly
 running a thing on the side.
 I have one found in Obama, which I think is--
 OK, better.
 Then the current?
 Then the current.
 Yes, Obama.
 Yes, Obama.
 No way.
 It's the city of Obama in Japan.
 Oh, yes.
 Don't say-- come on.
 OK, I'll give you a chance.
 It's got a population of 32,000.
 So already, that's pretty good.
 Imagine they'll be quite productive, and they make 80% of Japan's
 total lack of chopsticks.
 Oh, that is great.
 That is great.
 Yeah.
 So why can't the president say he's done that?
 Made 80% of Japan's lack of chopsticks.
 He can't.
 He's working two jobs as it is, of course.
 But yeah, I mean, it is one of those things.
 We all have names, so you, James Harkin,
 have a James Harkin do.
 Yeah, there's another James Harkin who writes for the Guardian,
 I think, or some other newspapers.
 And Molly from QI met him at a party once.
 And apparently, he doesn't correct people
 when they think he works for QI.
 And he said, if I ever want to claim any of his articles,
 which I'm sure are very good, that I can do that as well.
 It's nice.
 I was going into a co-operative with someone else.
 I should do that with the other Andy Murray.
 With the other Andy Murray, yeah.
 I would just do a straight split of everything,
 you know, the money.
 Start-accompanied.
 Or whatever, you know?
 Andy, is your listening to this now?
 Just please, please get in touch.
 Well, he needs to listen, because people are coming up,
 going, hey, great work on the podcast.
 Yeah, thanks, cheers.
 Yeah.
 My thing about the etymology of ACME, you know.
 This week, I've been trying to come up
 with some new facts for our books.
 So we did one, three, three, nine QI facts,
 Albuquerismus, and we're selling it to America.
 And we need to come up with some facts at work
 for an American audience to replace the ones
 that were for a British audience.
 And one that I really liked was that the first ever player
 drafted by the Pittsburgh Steelers NFL team
 was called William Shakespeare.
 Oh.
 Isn't that great?
 Yeah.
 I really love that.
 And it's great, and it's great as well,
 because you can imagine that any of the journalists
 who really struggle with running out of cliches, basically,
 that's just a gift.
 Like, you suddenly got Shakespeare as a baseball player.
 Yeah.
 And he's a football player.
 And a foul player.
 Not so good.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Dad, I was drinking baseball.
 Oh, no.
 Yeah.
 That's what I was doing.
 I tried to actually test out the theory of someone who
 was great, like, do my own kind of collection of Einstein's,
 as it were.
 So I try to think of the most impressive person alive.
 So I picked who I think is sometimes
 pitted as the greatest living mind at the moment.
 So the actor James Franco--
 James Franco is consistently-- if you read a paper on him,
 treated as some sort of great god of the intellectual--
 for example, this is a quote.
 This is someone from an interview.
 He has an unusually high metabolism for productivity,
 a superhuman ability to focus.
 So anytime people write about him, they write about
 with these huge kind of descriptions on.
 So check this out.
 OK, OK, OK, I'll justify why people think he's so impressive.
 He's not only an actor, he's an author,
 he's a director, he's a poet, he's a painter.
 Despite having an acting career, which he's constantly doing,
 he's doing postgraduate courses and got permission
 to take as many as 62 course credits per quarter
 compared to the normal limit of 19 while continuing to act.
 He has an IQ of 140, which is considered to be a genius level.
 Although, when I was looking into that,
 I know it's a bit.
 It's very dubious, because the graph I saw had Mozart,
 Beethoven, James Franco, Stephen Hawking.
 No, Shakira.
 So it's a bit dubious.
 But so I kind of-- I started thinking, OK,
 that's the best Franco we have.
 I want to see what that is.
 A lot of my general Franco.
 General Franco.
 I mean, is he better than James Franco?
 Well, did he do more for it?
 Did he do more for it?
 He did more.
 Maybe a few of movies, but was in charge of more countries.
 Yeah, I think that's fair.
 I did find one other guy who is his name.
 He might be a better Franco.
 He's called Jesus Franco.
 He's a Spanish director.
 He was born in 1930.
 Actually, he died late last year, rather sadly.
 He made over 180 movies.
 So he made a cult movie in 1961 called
 The Awful Doctor or Laugh.
 But then his career kind of took a side-where extent.
 So he made a movie called The Two Female Spies
 with Flowered Panties.
 A penis for three.
 Not a three penis one.
 Night of the Open Virginers, and Lulu's Talking Bunghole.
 And he was named by the Catholic Church
 as the most dangerous director out there.
 So he was called Jesus Franco.
 And then Franco's the first name of the first Italian in space.
 So we have an astronaut.
 You know what that is?
 The Jesus guy.
 He was originally called Terence, but as they saw his film,
 they kept saying, "Jesus Franco."
 God's sake.
 But I think it's interesting.
 That's suddenly, you know, take one name, Franco.
 And he's talking Bunghole.
 Lulu's.
 Lulu's.
 Sorry.
 Night of the Open Virginers.
 I don't even know what that means.
 Is it like neither the living dead?
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 It's a zombie vagina work.
 The Earth of Night.
 Yeah.
 Well, did you know that used to be the theory about vaginas?
 They moved around the body.
 No.
 They would disappear into the middle of the night to go get food.
 What?
 Yeah.
 I read a book called It Should Be Here.
 It should be here.
 It should be here.
 It was called The Story of B.
 And it was all about vaginas, the history of vaginas.
 Okay.
 History of vaginas.
 The first notable vagina.
 The best thing I'm sorry about people's names is I went on to Facebook and NPR had done
 this post on Facebook saying, do you have a name which is similar to someone famous?
 If so, how is it affected your life?
 And there are 1100 comments on that.
 I read through them all.
 But there was a girl called Sharon Stone who said, if I had a book for every time
 someone said, are you wearing panties?
 I'd be as rich as the actress.
 Oh, a book.
 I think so in a book.
 I have a book for every time.
 I'd be able to have a very successful secondhand bookshop.
 And there was a guy called Dave Apps, who had to get a special permission from Facebook
 to have an account because his name was Apps.
 Oh.
 Yeah, which is pretty good.
 And there's also a guy called Nicholas Dragon.
 And he said, I don't think there's anyone famous with my name.
 So anytime I meet someone new, they say, wow, that's a cool name.
 And a cool story, Nicholas.
 You're not wrong.
 Did you guys know that Samuel Johnson?
 I know we've got, so we found one.
 We found the other.
 We found the other Samuel Johnson.
 But actually, there was a third time.
 So can you give a repeat of what?
 Yeah, of course.
 So one of the other QI researchers found that there was another Samuel Johnson alive at
 the same time as Samuel Johnson, you know, the guy who wrote the dictionary, who was
 a dramatist and entertainer performer, who was also known as Lord Flame.
 That's a great name, that is.
 Yeah.
 But there was a third Samuel Johnson, who, so Samuel Johnson, the one we know about the
 dictionary man, was asked to do a translation of this great work by Frau Paolo.
 I can't remember what it's called, but anyway, it was this great historical work.
 It was big cheese at the time.
 It was like the Harry Potter of its day.
 And so Samuel Johnson was like, yeah, I'll do that.
 Started translating it.
 Then found out that they'd also asked another guy, also called Samuel Johnson, to
 do it.
 And so he kind of was fronted.
 He was like, not only has someone else been asked to do it, but it's someone else called
 Samuel Johnson.
 And then there's this series of exchanges and newspapers, where Samuel Johnson won, is
 getting really angry with Samuel Johnson too.
 And eventually, noise of them translated the work.
 They just got this big skirmish, and they both went, well, I'll sort it then.
 Fine, I'm not doing it.
 And then Lord Flame came along with him.
 Hi.
 Watch me do it somehow.
 Oh, don't do a translation.
 Let's move on to our final fact.
 Andy, what's going to you?
 Yes.
 Okay.
 The fact is, the first contact lenses cost as much as a car.
 Wow.
 What year was it?
 Well, they were invented in Germany in the late 1880s, originally, and Britain was a
 bit late to it.
 That was in the 1930s.
 But even in the 20s and 30s in Britain, so even though they'd been around in benefit
 50 years, they were still that expensive.
 Wow.
 So, they weren't presumably things that you would change every day.
 No, no, no.
 These were hard contact lenses, proper sort of shell like ones, and they were very thick
 as well.
 So they could only be one for two hours max at a time.
 Wow.
 And then the irritation in your eye was so great that you had to take them out.
 And initially, you had to have a mold taken of your eye.
 There are great videos, if you look up on British Pathay news.
 There are photos of people's eyelids being pulled apart.
 There's big mold being stuck in their eye.
 And they're sort of the promotional videos and the lady's saying, look, you look at how
 nice my eyes look.
 Now, I don't have to wear spectacles.
 And she's in the horizon, watery.
 It's really a great, little vein, it's really a great pain.
 Of the margins of the gun to her head.
 I just don't know if she's such clever and easy.
 Wow.
 It's really funny.
 You should look them up if you're listening.
 Maybe you could post it on your tablet.
 Yeah, as well.
 I'll put it on my Twitter, which is @AndrewHunterM, and you'll be able to see.
 So, yeah, that was the first contact lenses.
 Well, you actually found this out because you went to a museum, didn't you?
 I went to the Museum of the British Optical Association, or British Optanvological Association.
 I didn't remember the name of it, but I did go to it.
 It's in Sharon Cross.
 It's great.
 Just on the same street, five doors apart.
 There's Benjamin Franklin's house from when he lived here.
 And this amazing museum.
 But you can only go around it by appointment.
 So you have to email the curator and say, I'd like to see all your cool stuff.
 And there's so much amazing stuff there.
 So not only that, the first ever soft contact lenses are much thinner and more comfortable.
 You had to, they came in a glass tube and to get access to the lenses, you had to break
 hope in the glass tube.
 So there are now shards of glass.
 And you're not.
 And there are your contact lenses.
 The first I'm promoting them with just crying blood, so I'm not afraid of them.
 They were invented not to help you see.
 They were invented to shield people's eyes, because there's a medical condition called
 carocotonous.
 Carocotonous?
 But very close.
 It's called carocotonous.
 And it means you have a very, very sensitive, it's the core near, or is it at the front of
 the eye?
 Yeah.
 And it also becomes pointed.
 And so they were invented to help people discover their lives without the intense pain
 and irritation.
 Yeah.
 They were initially a medical thing in that sense rather than an eye second.
 Yeah.
 Did you guys know that Abraham Lincoln's contact lenses were made of wood?
 That's just not true.
 That's just not true.
 No.
 It's not.
 I'm sorry.
 You see, you see, you see.
 I read about supposedly René Descartes made some contact lenses that were made out of
 what they were fluid inside that would magnify things, but they stuck so far out of your
 eye that you couldn't blink when you had them in contact.
 Wow.
 That's great.
 That's great.
 I tell you about that, the early snow goggles were made out of caribou antler, weren't they?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And they weren't see-through.
 They just had a very small slit that you would be able to see through and it would protect
 your eyes when you were skiing.
 That was great.
 I guess that would work.
 I was surprised to read that 64% of people, supposedly, it's an estimate where glasses.
 Have you got contacts?
 Yeah, yeah.
 I've got them in now.
 Well, you wear contacts?
 Yeah.
 Of course you've made them.
 You're okay with that loan off.
 Okay.
 That's it for this week's episode.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thanks so much, everyone, for listening.
 I hope you enjoyed it.
 We're going to be back again next week with a special edition of No Such Thing As A Fish.
 We've got two special guests, Greg Jenner, who's the historical consultant for the horrible
 history show, and we've got an American comedian called Alex Edelman.
 Until then, if you want to talk to us individually about some of the stuff that we set on the show,
 you can get me on @Sriberland, James can be got it on @egshaped, and he can be got it on
 @andrewhunterm, Anna is still not on Twitter, but if you want to get hold of her, @quickipedia,
 she answers all of those from there, or you could head straight away to our new podcast
 page, which is on qi.com/podcast.
 We're going to put up videos.
 We're going to put up pictures from this episode, Extra Facts, links to show you where
 we got some of the information on, there's a lot to play with.
 So again, send us your feedback, hopefully you enjoyed it, and we'll see you again next week.
 Good bye.
 [Music]
 [MUSIC]
