 I'm good. I've got sore leg. Yep. Very sore to hear that. We've heard it. We've both heard it.
 You knew already. That was good acting. Yeah. I've told it's about. Little else. Little else. Yeah.
 Of course, injury. Yeah. Look, we don't have to go into my athletic injuries. We've got things to
 get on with, Andy. I've just got emails from people saying, can you tell me anything about James' legs?
 Hi, everybody. Welcome to Drop of the Line. My name's Andrew Hunter Murray and this is James
 Harkin and Dan Schreiber. James Harkin of sore leg face. That's two mentions. You've got to get
 to 100 over the next half an hour. Easy peasy. This is the audience feedback show. Some of you will be
 listening to the show. Some of you will be watching. All of you will be gripped as we head
 deep into the dark heart of the inbox. Lovely stuff. A writhing, wriggling inbox full of good
 meat. Oh, less good stuff. I've heard the first metaphor of going deep into the
 forest or whatever. The wriggling mass of meat. Not so much good meat. Good meat. Let's get carving.
 My sore calf. Is that what we're talking about? Three. Do you pre-write that stuff? Did that just
 come to you? I have a team of writers. Yeah. That's where our budget keeps going. Sorry. No, it just
 comes to me at the moment. And often it doesn't, as you'll have noticed. Yeah. Yeah. That email's gone.
 Yep. Well, see you later. That one fell on the floor for people who are watching.
 Sorry. Yes. I know we can't go. We can't pretend that people are watching this. Yeah.
 Many of the people who have the ability to watch them are watching. Yeah.
 Annabelle Monday writes with an extreme fish. Right. I thought we start with extreme fish today.
 I'm currently on a solo skiing trip in Norway. Not Blake. I'd have been listening to fish
 the entire time. Cool. Very cool. This morning I was listening to an early episode
 and Anna brings up the Norse god of skiing. Very fitting. And it says I've attached some photos.
 What I unfortunately don't have is a video of me skiing and falling down a hole in the snow
 into an under-snow stream. Oh my god. How's her leg?
 Thankfully two guys saw it happen. Otherwise I might still be there to this day. Right.
 Wow. She doesn't say that she was laughing so much at one of our brilliant jokes that she fell
 into an under-snow stream. That's what she did. Yeah. It's implied. Right. Yeah. Wow.
 That's quite something, isn't it? Skis, it's scary. I produce a lean. Just went skiing and she survived
 un... lean skiing. I can't believe I didn't notice that. So you said it. Yeah.
 What about another producer Joe boarding though? What's he been doing?
 Here's the thing. You know the movie 127 hours. Yeah. Where he's trapped under a rock
 for that amount of time. Imagine you've been skiing and you're trapped in a, you know,
 icy lake or whatever. You've got 127 hours to spend. Would you like to be listening to our podcast
 for that amount of time? Or would you rather be doing something else with your thoughts?
 Do you need to focus on getting yourself out of there or will you go, I'll get to it just after
 this little fish. Yeah. He died laughing. Yeah, he died. He's sending an angry email.
 Oh my god, I could use my phone to call for help. I've just been sending it in a long complaint.
 Do podcast at qi.com. I went skiing when I was about 12 years old in France over from Hong Kong
 with it was a school thing. And I won two days in a row, idiot of the day at the awards at the end
 of every day. Is that the whole of France that you're up against? Yeah. Yeah. I was, yeah, no, it was just
 the little group of schoolchildren. Would you win for them with? First one wasn't even my fault.
 We gone on a ski lift. Oh, I guess I sat in the wrong position. But the guy who sat next to me
 pushed down the bar, which had a tea bar. Yep. And the tea bit went straight into my genitals
 and crushed me. But as we were going along, he was petrified at the height, so he didn't lift it
 up. And then the ski lift broke and we swung for like 20 minutes. And I just had to sit there
 taking the pain. That was number one. Well, next day, next day, you went out again.
 Third day, started getting a taste for it.
 Well, next day. Okay. No, it's really good. No, sorry for next time. I'll say for next time.
 I'll say is it all wet downhill from there. Very nice.
 Mark Rivet-Karnack has an extreme fish. Yeah. It says now to extreme fish. I've been listening
 to the podcast for nearly a decade now. And I've had the pleasure of tuning in while in Marley,
 Nigeria. And this last one will really amaze Andy. Main.
 Very cool. Good people are starting to make jokes. Marley and Nigerian main. People are starting
 to riff on the, you know, how easily impressed I am by quite ordinary American places. Yeah.
 Which is good. That is good. That's what we wanted. We like to hear where our audience is. We do.
 Yeah. And that's why it's nice to hear it from Blake from Texas. Exactly. And I once mentioned
 that James would say, look at you with your matching shoes when greeting someone who looked
 a bit well to do. Yeah. I used it jokingly a few times. And to my surprise, it's caught on
 among my co-workers. Now when someone comes into this office overdressed, you will hear what I assume
 is a bit of Bolton in this small Texas town. I don't know where I got it from. I'm listening to it.
 But yeah, I think that is, that's really nice. I think like in, you know, 200 years time when
 they're making like Westerns. Yeah. Thanks to in 2026 Texas. Yeah. Maybe they'll be using these
 instead of like Routin Tutin Cowboys and all in a Bolton accent because the accent itself is spread
 out with the phrase. I is one of two phrases I associate with you, James. I know what the other one's
 going to be. Do you? Let's say it together. One, two, three. If you put my leg out, my leg,
 out my leg. Oh, what was you? What were you going to say? If you put a broom on my ass, I can mop
 the floor. Oh, interesting. I thought it was going to be don't piss up my back and tell me it's raining.
 That's another good one. That's an also quite you, but I've never heard the broom one, I have to say.
 It's when someone is overburdened and you're asking them to do something extra. I understand what it's.
 Okay. I mean, why did I just want to say that? Well, right. The reason is because you don't overburden
 me with work that unlike some people in this room. Andy Kavanaugh has got a qualification based off
 something we have said on this show. This is so exciting. Oh, it's a Kavanaugh very odd leader.
 Yeah. Kavanaugh. Andy Kavanaugh. Andy Kavanaugh. Take your pick, Andy. I think we've done every
 version now of how your name could be said, but Andy writes, I'm incredibly excited to share with you
 the fact that I am now a fully qualified, do you remember? Qualification you can get. I'm a fully
 qualified rat tickler. Oh. Because what happened was you thought that maybe I would have done this.
 And I said, I'm sure you can't just go online and become a rat tickler. You probably have two years of
 research. I'll say though, this looks suspiciously similar to our
 custodian podcast. Friend of the podcast certificate. Yeah. So is it real? Is it real? I don't
 check this stuff. I assume it is. It's got three rats on it and two signatures. I don't know what
 more you could ask for. Yeah, looks legit. I think it's legit. Purdue is the university that was
 offering it. Cool. I think it was about it like a half an hour, of course. No disrespect to you, Andy.
 But I just saying that I don't I think it will probably take a while to mock up that very good
 certificate. Yeah. I wonder if Andy had to get his own rat and tickle it. Or whether they just,
 it's a theory cost. I think maybe you have to, it's online. I think it's online. So I think you're
 not going to give you like a mechanical bio rat that you can tickle and they can feel how it's
 being tickled. I don't think I've got the budget for that. Well, lots of questions that need answering
 to this one. You're looking at the wrong guy. Yeah. I'm looking at the only person with any information.
 Oh my god. If you put a broom on my house, I can moth the floor. I don't know what that means.
 All right. Let's have some get yourselves off the hook. Okay. You've all been you've been teasing me
 too much and now I'm going to challenge you. Yeah. All right. What do you got? Some good stuff.
 Well, we're not going to know about it unless you actually articulate it. Sorry,
 my whole job on the show. Ben Tudick writes could be Tuditch. No way. Ben Tudick got me with Greg
 Bonk. I'm not falling for this one. Ben Tudick writes, there are 600 more men like me in the world.
 That's a real callback to episode one. That's why I was laughing because it is the origin story of
 fish. The number of people with two penises in the world. Yeah. There were 600 guys out there with
 two penises. Yeah. And that was one of your facts. It was me and James, we've told this story so
 much, but it was me and James sitting editing a sort of pilot version of this. And in a moment of
 silence, James just broke the silence by saying, you know, there's over 600 guys with two Dicks
 on the world. Yeah. And that's two Dicks was the kind of guy. Do I? And we know double dick dude,
 at least we had a better contact with him on Twitter. He's a famous personality on Twitter,
 claiming to have two penises with two girlfriends who each had their own dick. Did they put their name
 above it like, um, like you would above your coat rack in primary school. A few half-paint mugs hanging
 over each one. Um, what are we? Let's, what's happening? Ben says on Little Fish today, a contributor said
 that should the president fly on Mickey Mouse's plane, it would still be called Air Force One. That
 was you. No, it wasn't. Okay. Let's contribute it. All right. But that is not correct. And now we're
 getting deep into the weeds. Air Force One is the call sign of only US Air Force planes that carry
 the president. So if they fill in a navy plane, it would become navy one. Or if they went on an
 army plane, it would be army one. But when the president flies on a civilian plane, it would
 actually be referred to as executive one, not Air Force One, nor indeed Mickey one. I'm sure you've
 had a hundred of these emails rightly so. Okay, that's fair enough. There you go. Yeah, no.
 Nice clarification. And I think we can draw our line under the whole thing now. But if you have more
 to say about it, it's sarcastic, you know, I don't know. Um, one thing, Ben Leggate writes in you,
 Dan, we're talking about Scrabble. And we were all talking about Scrabble. You said that only three
 of the four members of Queen have Scrabble words in their names. Can you say which ones? Okay, so Brian
 may. Yeah, because it's May. Mercury, Freddie Mercury. Yeah. One of them was a name of priest or
 something. Yeah, Deacon, John Deacon. Um, you said Roger Taylor doesn't count because Taylor is
 spelt incorrectly T.A.Y. Alive. However, you neglected to mention that the name Roger is a Scrabble
 word. And indeed, it's caused double points for being rude. Oh, wonderful. So there you go.
 Very good. I think it was pretty clear we were talking about surnames just to stick up for Dan.
 That's still good though. It's still good. It's still good. And thanks also to John Nicholson, Matt
 Burke, Ian Farthing and Barry Corrigan, all of whom also have too much time with their hands and
 notified us that Roger is a is a rude word as well as a. That's what we love. We need listeners
 like that. Absolutely. Barry says having listened from the very beginning, I'm glad to see this is the
 second dimension of the best band on the planet. Brackets, let's not think about meat platter man.
 Do you remember that? Oh, my God. Do you know? Oh, yes, Freddie Mercury party where Queen used to
 party is that one of the acts was a guy on the floor covered in meat who was just riding around.
 That's right. What's a call back? Thank you, Barry. Let's have some bonus balls. Bonus balls?
 Balls of fish. What? New segment? Balls of fish. Like a filter fish. You know, it's the fish
 traditional Jewish fish dish. You get in a ball, a little ball of fish. We can go back to it being
 bonus brain. I don't mind. I thought it was bonus bone. A bonus bass. I always like bonus baracuda.
 Okay. It's bonus bream. Right. I'm going to say bonus bream. Okay. I'm sorry for throwing everyone
 off there. Really fritters into getting into the section naming section. Not for the only time
 this episode. There's more where that plenty more where that came from. You pull in my leg because it's
 five. Some of these will be edited out. We'll just have a total at the end. Some bonus bonus balls.
 Bream. Sorry. God. Oliver Willett right soon. I'm Oliver Willett. It's how we begin to see
 that. Sorry. Oliver already said that. And I'm currently a senior in high school in Santa Cruz.
 California. Yeah. Yeah. I just listened to your most recent episode. No such thing as the official
 podcast of Wyoming. And I can confirm as a student in Santa Cruz that we do not eat each other's
 genitals unlike unlike. Yes. Unlike. Oh, and this look banana slug. Banana slug.
 I'll go and they're the state invertebrate of California or something. Yeah. Yeah.
 The state slug. And he just follows up with a couple of other lovely facts about the banana slug.
 I just thought we'd celebrate them. Yeah. You see Santa Cruz, the mascot, as you say James,
 is a banana slug. Often boasts about their athletic teams that they have no known predators,
 which perhaps makes up for the fact that the slugs are not very athletic animals. Also,
 it's incorrect. Lots of animals like Pacific giant salamanders and California Newts enjoy a
 tasty morsel of golden slime. And another fact. And I love this. Banana slugs ripen the further north
 you get. On the southern California coast, they're a pale yellow. Then as you travel northwards,
 they get brown blotches. That's fantastic. And then in British Columbia, they're almost entirely brown.
 So that's one of those things that if you get dropped off and you see one of those,
 you would know how far from the equator you are. Yes. Yes. We're just going to collate these.
 I think this could be my book. It's the normal book. This could be the actual contents of it.
 Yes. I think that's a really good idea. I was thinking in mathematics, the normal is kind of
 the point from which you measure deviation. So like how far you are from the equator could be,
 it's the normal point. Oh. Yeah. Got a lot more mathematical than I realised. Is it a math book?
 No, it's a book about slugs and trees and language and stuff about how far you are from the equator.
 But the title is quite mathematical. It's going to be an absolute nightmare for people who work
 in bookshops. Oh, yeah. Where to put it. Where to put it. I mean, obviously by the tail on the main
 table. Or wherever it's closest to the equator. I think it'll have its own table in my shops.
 And in the big waterstones in town, the place closest to the equator is right at the very,
 very backward. No one really goes. Yeah. Yeah. Not great for sales. Yeah.
 Dan Parkinson writes in about storm chips. Oh, yes. Storm crisps. Yeah. So what would be your storm
 crisps? Well, Dan Parkinson writes, delighted to his storm chips made the cut crisps.
 But was surprised you missed the most unique and best part of storm chips crisps.
 They combined four flavors in a single bag. Okay. So these are crisps chips.
 You get in, I think it was in Canada and it was whenever there's a storm, you buy the specific ones.
 Yeah, they used to buy generic crisps. Well, it was a reporter who mentioned it on a radio show
 and then the idea got picked up and then a company company. Exactly. Exactly. So in one bag,
 yeah, you get creamy dill, home style ketchup, smoking sweet BBQ, and sea salt and vinegar.
 Cool. I don't think you're going to be able to taste some of those after a while.
 They'll rub off on each other. Yeah. I feel like it. I didn't like there's a reason that you don't
 get mixed bags of crisps. But here you do. Yeah, but there's a reason why it's only in those
 specific terribles. You'll have to be in with the howling storm outside, completely cut off from
 civilization before you consider doing it. I quite like the sound of it. I just, well, I've seen that
 like you go to a party and they put like various different types of crisps in a bowl. Yeah,
 horrible. And they're, it's bad. Well, it makes it very hard to get to the car keys, doesn't it?
 Yes. You know, you're sucking your fingers, trying to get patches on those car keys.
 It's very hard to do. Yeah, yeah. And you know who's been with whom because of the orange of
 the wats, it's rubs off on them. Come back, come back into the looking sheepish, covered in wats,
 it dust. Mermaid guitar. Right. Yeah. Cool name. Well, not real, you don't think? No, I think
 real mermaids or the name. It's just a great name. Mermaid guitar rights. Usually when
 you're handing out facts to Patreon's on Little Fish, which we do, as you know, you all refer to
 the facts as having custodians. Occasionally, though, you talk about them owning the facts or that
 they're now belong to them. Custodianship is a more apt phrase because under Western ideological
 intellectual property frameworks, you can't copyright a fact, but rather the means by which it is.
 Precisely why I say custodian because I worry if I don't say that, that the people are going to come
 back and say, I own that fact. Yes. You need to take that episode down immediately. Yeah, right.
 So the words are used to express effect and the audio recording may be protected by copyright.
 I don't know if they are, but the fact itself cannot be owned. Yes. You can't own a fact.
 You can't. Yeah. It's good to point that out. And on the digital certificate, it does say custodian.
 So the paperwork is custodian as well. You're looking after it for the next generation. Yeah.
 That is what I think of it as. Yeah. It's like a patek Philippe watch.
 And that's a 10-year callback. There are some really deep callbacks coming out today.
 There's some big old reaches into the past. That was a bit that you did for a live show. One of the first
 live tours that we did. But it was those jokes. They weren't really your jokes. You were just looking
 after the next generation. And I've kept holding them. I've kept holding them. Yeah. Yeah, I should pass
 them on. Mike and Michaela Giggler, right. Oh, these are jokes that we missed. This is a section.
 Sorry. It sounds like that was a... Oh, that was for people. Do you remember this thing
 of you? Mike Giggler, yeah. Yeah, you missed a joke as Mike Giggler. Yeah. But I thought that was a
 bit sexist just to say Mike Giggler. So I thought Mike and Michaela Giggler. Yeah. But then you said
 right. Didn't you? Yeah, I did. And that's my scrub. And I got to live with that.
 Emily brackets USA says, I was talking... I was pitching a TV show to you guys. I don't know if you're
 remember. You were. I was. Yeah, so some kind of cup. Yeah, detective who uses moths to solve crimes.
 Well, she said the great moths detective. Oh, the great mouse detective. Because there's a
 children TV show called the great mouse detective. That is good. That is good. Yeah. Yeah.
 Is it basal? The great mouse detective? Might be. I don't know. But Doug Paye suggests inspector moss.
 Also very good. Yeah, yeah. I'm just not really familiar with the Morse universe. The extended
 inspector moss. Well, all you really need to know to get that joke is the name of it. That's true.
 Yeah. Yeah. But also to defend myself a little bit. I think moss cop has a kind of brutal simplicity.
 Yeah. I like the way that it's like seven letters in total. Exactly. It's a lot of posters.
 Yeah, moss cop. I think inspector moss is fantastic. But I get your point. You know, if you haven't seen
 an episode, you're probably thinking, well, what kind of inspector is he? Is he like a TV license
 inspector? Yeah. What is it? What is it? It could be anything. This is a really good point.
 Moss cop clearly is better than the brilliant inspector moss. Well, I'm glad we've got that resolved.
 Thanks, guys. It's so good that you guys have my back. Yeah, we can week out. Yeah. Denver DeClear.
 Oh, great name. Great name. Very nice name. Right. I was disappointed by how tantalizingly close you
 came to what seemed to me to be an obvious pun. I love the way people write in with this.
 Denver says, "Previous correspondent Guy Walker, beget of the infamous chips.exe program."
 That surely makes it Walker's chips.
 Chris. And that's why we didn't get it. Not the most.exe lent pun. I'm aware. Very good.
 But there we go. A best from Belgium. Very nice.
 brackets. An exotic location, which I'm sure will have you gasping in or...
 Got nothing from you. Yep. Sorry if it's not Maine. I'm not really going to be impressed.
 Creepy observation of the week. New section. Oh, yeah. It's from a writer called No Man Land.
 It's your name, I'm sure. I'm a huge fan. And I've listened to all the episodes multiple times.
 It's gotten to the point where I've started brackets non-creepily collecting factoids about you guys
 that you mentioned in episodes. Okay. Now, I'd just like to say, I think we'll be the judge
 of whether that's creepy or not. No, man. Okay. Well, let's hear them. Okay. I'm outside James's house
 in the bushes right now. It's his leg. Okay.
 No, this is this is great. As a software engineer and digital security enthusiast,
 one particular afternoon from James caught my ear immediately. In episode 98 from January 2016,
 No Man really is a fan. James mentions that the 49th Mercen Prime, which is a 22 million
 digit, digit prime number, contains his six digit pin 21 times. Okay, that's interesting. You
 can't work that out. Out of curiosity. I took it upon myself to download this prime number and
 write a small program to find out just how many six digit pins appear in this prime number 21 times.
 Interesting. The answer is 83,000 six digit pins. That's good.
 appear in that prime number 21 times. Out of the 1 million possible six digit pins that can
 exist, James's pin is one of the 83,000 attached as a text file to this email. That's fine. I don't
 mind you, you know, through blind strength trying to work that out on my phone because it'll lock
 after three. You have to get very lucky. But he says, by admitting this fact, James has reduced
 his pin security by more than an order of magnitude. He now has less security than he would with a
 five digit pin. But enough. My credit card has a four digit pin. Oh boy. And I can say that's also
 in that Mercen Prime. It must be. Yeah. How many times? I don't know. Anyway, if you know,
 if you have it, download it. Yeah. It's one, one, one, one. Okay. Well, good. Well, thank you,
 no, man. Yeah. Okay. We've got some rodeo clowns. So number one, fluffy mountain goat,
 probably their real name, right? So that says in little fish, the rat tickle is need me.
 During the postal service fact, you corrected yourself. I think this is me by saying there is no
 e sharp. Oh, yeah. I knew that would come up. Wow. Like the fingers, they are the same tone,
 right? And e sharp and an F are the same tone. But technically in musical theory, they do have
 slightly different meanings. I'm going to hop over now to Tom Afflearn's email, actually, who
 clarifies this? Just exactly that point. E sharp does indeed exist. And it's not the same as F.
 No. On a piano, another 12 tone equal temperament, e sharp and F are exactly the same pitch. But on
 a violin, for instance, where pitch isn't locked to 12 fixed steps, e sharp and F can be played
 different. Yeah. Okay. So thanks to Elliot Covitz, fluffy mountain goat, Paul Martin and James
 Richmond, Jess Wire, many more. So the interesting thing is that I do know the difference between
 e sharp and F for sure. But I kept it in because I thought it was kind of funny.
 Absolutely. And it's for our new section. Yes, that's the joke.
 Which is a valid section. I think that is, yeah, that's something we have to wrestle with every
 more or less, right? It's like, we're talking off the cuff all the time. And we will say things
 that are slightly inaccurate sometimes for a joke. And it's how many of those jokes do I cut.
 So yeah, it's like, it's worth writing it, isn't it? Definitely. Oh my god, it's worth writing it,
 podcastedQI.com. I'd never want someone not to write it because I think, well, that was just a joke.
 Yeah, yeah. What am I saying? Okay, Clown 2. Yeah.
 Linnea Milleen writes, hi, as instructed, this is where I found my chicken, egg lentine.
 We said, can chickens fly? Send us photos of your chickens in flight or high in the air.
 And we've had a lot of photos of chickens. Hi up chickens. Yeah, nice.
 Brett Fewings, Chris Emerson, Christian Dainton, sends a photo of a very high up chicken.
 Craig P says that most chickens can fly 8 to 10 feet high and saw forward 50 to 40 to 50 feet.
 Yeah. So very good. I apologize. That's my non-country side life.
 Apology accepted. Third Clown. Okay. Final Clown of the day. Sarah Cannell,
 her email is representative. I was listening to the latest little fish this morning.
 And though I know very little about the item Dan mentioned, I know enough to provide a correction.
 No, no, no. Why'd you pick hurry, man? No. I had never heard of the Postal Service Band.
 And I know Death Capacuti only by name, but somehow I'm aware that Zoe Deschanel is no longer
 married to whichever band member it was. Oh, okay. It turns out you said that Zoe Deschanel was
 married to someone from Death Capacuti. Yeah, which she was, right? Well, she no longer is.
 Yeah, but at the time of the controversy she was, did you say that she was? I am now.
 Did you or did you know that she got divorced? I do now. Oh, this is legalistic stuff.
 Stop ringing it. Your silence is caught. Did the defendant know at the time of recording?
 Zoe Deschanel was no longer married to someone from a band I'm not really aware of. I plead the
 fifth. Okay, you didn't know. What? You fool. You didn't know. Not what I said. You didn't know.
 That is not what I said. I'm playing prosecution. Yeah, I'm playing me. Okay. You didn't know.
 I don't like it when mommy and daddy died. Thanks to the others who wrote in about this.
 Greg Hernandez, Grace Jess, Kevin McGurnd, Ben Newman, Rebecca from Cardiff, Katrina Campbell,
 and Kate Minchew from Nashville. And Zoe De from Hollywood. Yeah. I don't even know who she is,
 really. Is she in 500 days or so? Yeah, she is. She's in Elf as well. She's in Elf? Yeah, she's just
 no, that's not the thought. She leak. Very good. Very good actress. Okay. But Kate Minchew from Nashville
 clarifies that Zoe and Ben, although they were a match made in Millennial, Indy Heaven, got divorced.
 She's now with Jonathan Scott, the awkward half of twin brothers who have a home reno show in
 the US. We know that. We know that. Renovation. Home renovation. Yeah, yeah. She's with one of the
 property brothers. Oh, I didn't know that actually. You know. I did.
 Thanks also to Kat Campbell, who adds a fun fact about Zoe and Jonathan, which is the
 chefella she's with now, is that they met on a group segment of Carpool Cariochi.
 Carpool Cariochi sounds like it's something to do with the muscles in your hand, but it's Carpool Carpool.
 It's Carpool Cariochi. Carpool like Carpool Tunnel Syndrome. A miserable and painful experience.
 Carpool Cariochi is available to watch. Hey, if you'd met your partner on Carpool Cariochi,
 that's a bit embarrassing, isn't it? Isn't it? James Corden being a third wheel. Third wheel,
 that's what it should be called. Third wheel is a great idea for a show. Have we talked about this in
 the past? Oh my god. What's the show? It's a dating show. Yeah. I'm sure I've done this before.
 Are two people already dating and then you've joined in and what is your job in that situation?
 You're sitting in the back seat of the car and the two people up front were going on the date.
 They're on the date and you're okay. And you're a third wheel. Yeah. Yeah, asking annoying questions.
 I think I should host this. I'm starting to feel like a third wheel now.
 What would you guys be doing if we weren't if I wasn't here bothering you with this stuff?
 I suppose we'd be doing the same thing, but with a competent presenter. Yeah, it's a very good
 answer. I can't improve on that. Anna's back soon. So just grit your teeth. Right.
 Couple of quick and non-determins. Mandy Caps writes in. Back in the early 80s, the guy who
 taught pottery in the art block at our school was called John Clay. Nice. Good pottery teacher,
 John Clay. Peter Chilbert sends the LinkedIn profile of a woman who has set up a company called
 Motherly Love, a natural skincare for pregnancy and new mums and that kind of thing.
 She's a former midwife and nurse and her name is Jan Bastard. What? That is not what I
 thought that was telling. Very nice. Very nice. Proper meat. Isabella D'Andrade writes in saying
 the diesel engine is named after inventor German engineer Rudolf Diesel. Yeah. That's one for the book.
 Oh, nice. Yeah. Well, Diesel, you think is named after the stuff, the diesel. Oh, it's not,
 it's all named after him though, right? Yeah. Yeah. Okay. I know what you mean. It's a sort of
 halfway house entry. Like I just didn't think there was someone called Diesel, I suppose.
 Yes. Things that you think were not named after a person when it turns out they were named after a
 person. Yes. Ben Stav writes about the, you know, the flower, the gardener. It's a kind of flower.
 Yeah. Very beautiful flower. You get in the garden and it's named after someone called Alexander
 Garden. Yeah. Nice. That's good. That's a good one. That's very good. George Abur from Pittsburgh,
 USA writes, she has actually already been collecting these. Okay. Your book is, you've got a competitor.
 Yeah. Wow. So you race you to the tills, George. Wait a minute. Is she's not giving you some
 of her best bets is she? Yeah. You're an idiot, George. Wow. Save them for yourself. Yeah, I know.
 Or collaboration. Well, I just think it's interesting, isn't it? Because if I did, if I,
 when I write the book, I think I'm going to have to give credit to all the people who sent them in
 over the years. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. And us, of course. Yeah. We're all on 50% each of the profits.
 Oh, it's good. Yeah. Can everyone who's written then have 50%. Everyone who writes in gets at least
 5%. And we've had like 50 people writing it. So yeah, we're going to have to make some,
 make some good money back. Yeah. I tell you what, my math spakes book. It's going to be very useful for you.
 The French drain is kind of drained, named after Henry French from Massachusetts. Really good.
 The Bola hat. Why is it called a Bola hat? It's named after someone called John Bola. Yes.
 Thomas and William Bola. Yeah. That's really good. It's very good. And finally, this is,
 I just had no idea of this, the Mausoleum. Oh, wow. And Mausoleum. It's named after someone
 called Liam. It's very good. It's named after the grave of King Mausoleus. All right.
 The Persian Satrap whose tomb was one of the seven wonders of the ancient world. Wow. Isn't that
 stunning? That's cool. I never put those two together. That's great. Neither. Had you heard of
 Mausoleus before? I haven't heard of him. I never heard of him. Anyway, so that's brilliant,
 maim's as always. Thank you. There more have been flooding in and we'll continue pumping them out.
 So yeah, lovely. Oh, by the way, I had a thing that happened on the weekend. Yeah.
 There's a restaurant I go to all the time, which is called Pan Asian cuisine. It's in Margate.
 And I just noticed for the first time, but there are many, many times that the menu is entirely
 Thai food. That's right. What's going on? It's a Pan Asian cuisine. Yeah. Anyway, I asked a friend
 about it and they said, oh, yeah, no, it's not. It's just a Thai restaurant. It's Asian cuisine.
 It's owned by a man called Pan. Very good. Yeah. Yes. Very, very good. And so with Pan Asian cuisine,
 it's not Pan Asian cuisine. You know what? I actually thought you were going to go, have they
 cook it all in pumps? I thought that's what you were going to say. That's even better. I mean, it is all
 pan fried, isn't it? Yeah. I needed to try and find pan. See, if this is 100% true,
 it's certainly what I've been told. That's really good. A couple more. Thanks, but no thanks
 from Stevie Hayes. Right. Stevie suggests a section in drop us a line called fish bones. Okay.
 Oh, in fact, in your final episode of drop us a line. So this is when you guys have got
 to think of it. You said this is the last one, Andy. Yeah. Yeah. So next week, next week.
 Could be this week. So see how there's even guys. I am a quality engineer. I think that must be a
 technical thing. They are offering their services. I'm a pure class engineer. Now a quality engineer.
 And in my job, I use a problem root called analysis tool called a fish bone diagram.
 Okay. Since Dan recently said the show was eating itself in reference to it being all about
 section names, I figured you could have a section on your last show doing a post mortem on how it all
 fell apart. And I thought fish bones would be a good title because the show would have eaten itself
 and all that's left is the bones. Nice. But it would have been worth it. Thank you, Stevie.
 That's very nice. Fish bones will also work for sort of anything to do with archaeology as well.
 Yes. It's not a cool segment to have. An archaeology section on drops of line. Yeah.
 Bound to happen. Definitely. One day. Yeah. And the final thought goes to Jamie Lerner-Brecher,
 who says the end of the show where you awkwardly say goodbye and Dan likes to see you cope.
 Should be I'm doing it again. Should be called floundering. Oh, that's really good. That's a good fish
 pun. That's a really solid joke. I'm doing that's lovely. Yeah. Thanks to to Wendy Velka, who made
 that suggestion as well. Yeah, really good. Yeah. Is it time for a good floundering now? I think it is.
 That's it for drops of line this time. Yeah. But until next time, thank you for watching drops of
 line. Or listening to it. And we will be back in two weeks with another one of these. Sure. Well,
 we will. And that's it. People can write into it. Obviously, people can write it. People can write into
 to me. How would they do that? They do it by emailing the email address, which is podcast@QI.com.
 He's foundering. We're not we're not looking for anything in particular. We are feedback.
 Well, yeah, only in the most general sense, we're looking for anything in particular.
 It's all going to be feedback if it's coming into podcast@QI.com. We don't just want random observations
 about things. Obviously, it's based on something that's happened in the show, or any of the sections
 that we've got. That's it. Make sure we didn't use. Because most of the time, it's genuine. Sometimes,
 I feel a bit confident then, but I know I'll always pull it background and screw it up.
 Can you let me know when you pull it back round? It's podcast@QI.com for all your feedback of whatever kind.
 Yeah. Bye!
 [Music]
