 What do you think about it?
 Hello and welcome to another episode and no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Triber.
 I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andy Murray, Anna Chazinski, and special guest Tim
 mentioned.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last
 seven days, and in a particular order, here we go, starting with you, Tim.
 Okay, my fact is that Bulgaria has an agency that shoots rockets to kill Hale, to kill it.
 To kill it.
 Well, to minimise it.
 It's a preemptive strike, Hale strike.
 So I thought all this weather manipulation technology was bollocks, but apparently it's
 not.
 So, Bulgaria has lots of agrarian, Bulgarian land, and they grow stuff, and Hale damages
 crops a lot.
 And because of its geography and its variable landscape, there's lots of Hale.
 And so they use seeding techniques to, well, there are various ways you can lower hailstones
 by seeding.
 So, do you want to know about it?
 It's super boring.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I'll try and make it more boring than it actually is.
 So, you basically, they discovered in 1946 or something that if you put dry ice, solid
 carbon dioxide into clouds, you can increase precipitation, basically, and later they found
 out that something silver iodide and potassium iodide also do, there's various techniques,
 and you can drop them from a plane or shoot them up from a rocket, which is what the Bulgarians
 do.
 But in terms of fighting too much Hale, the main technique is basically that you shoot these
 chemicals up.
 It changes the chemical structure of the stuff within the cloud, and it actually makes
 more small hailstones that compete for the available water.
 So, by the time they hit the ground, they're no longer hailstones because they started
 too small.
 I think I've misunderstood the fact because I thought they were shooting rockets at falling
 Hale.
 I assumed it was like there was an attack happening, and they were like when you shoot
 a missile at a plane to take out a war.
 Like a game of space invaders.
 Like a game of space invaders.
 That would be amazing, and with enough people and enough tiny rockets.
 That would probably work.
 Or it's like, you know, those meteor disaster movies, you basically got one massive hailstone
 coming towards Sayonade Bruce Willis, and that guy who sings "Love in an Elevator"
 or his daughter.
 Do you know the armageddon facts about the fact that NASA, so they don't do it officially,
 but they unofficially show people who are being recruited for NASA, the movie of Armageddon,
 and the job is to spot as many inaccuracies as possible.
 Oh good.
 I think the...
 It's over a hundred, isn't it?
 Yeah, I think there's over two.
 I can't.
 Poor space facts.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 So that's actually a thing that they sit down here.
 So I can't get a song in my head.
 "Don't want a clue."
 Oh, no one.
 That's the guy.
 "I'll sleep because I miss you baby."
 Oh, so that's not inaccurate.
 That's perfect.
 Do I spot the rest of that?
 It was the only bit they didn't quibble with.
 I did the songs.
 But there's sort of dodgy technology.
 There's things called "Hail cannons."
 So in medieval times, they used to ring church bells and fire cannons into the sky
 and to try and stop hail.
 Oh, wow.
 But they have things that are still in modern times called "Hail cannons," which basically
 make an explosion at the bottom of what looks like a large, loud, hailer, ironically.
 They send up a sound wave and it's meant to distribute hail in the end of it.
 And they said she don't want to do that.
 But they're still marketed everywhere.
 If you look up kind of wine growers tips and stuff in Europe, people will try to sell those things.
 And they are like gigantic ice cream cones.
 They're the same ones.
 They look like huge cones.
 What you're saying about bell ringing, they used to do that to get rid of thunder, didn't they, as well?
 Oh, yeah.
 So they would send people up a massive tower with a bell in it to ring the bell to get rid of the thunder.
 And again, they're electrocuted.
 Yeah.
 They're like extra massive metal things, really high up.
 Yeah.
 I was reading just the other day about a miracle in the Middle Ages, which was where the church bell started to ring by themselves.
 Because they were so happy.
 So windy.
 That a particular, they were really thrilled that a particular religious event or celebration.
 So they started to ring by themselves.
 Yeah, that's nice.
 Do you know what my favorite thing about this fact is that the person who discovered that silver iodide works as well or better than
 solid carbon dioxide in cloud heating was guy called Bernard Vonnegut.
 Right.
 And in 1946.
 And I just, which is so weird and it's just Kurt Vonnegut's brother.
 Get out.
 And the weird thing is whenever I think of cloud heating, I think of Kat's cradle.
 I think of ice nine.
 Yeah.
 And Kat's cradle is all about an isotope that freezes liquid on contact.
 And it's, so that's obviously what he was reading and thinking about his big brother was, because he was a science nerd, but I didn't know it.
 That's extraordinary.
 It's one of my favorite.
 It's a great book.
 That's an incredible book.
 Yeah.
 It's a scary book.
 Glad for this hail fan.
 What?
 Yeah.
 So the thing that you were saying earlier about cloud seeding, not thinking that I had no idea that worked.
 And apparently it does.
 I was reading that the, the, the Beijing Olympics for their opening ceremony, they made sure that they had no clouds by doing literally that firing rockets into the sky in order to knock them out.
 And is it proper science?
 Well, there are also question marks over it.
 Okay, sometimes it works.
 So it might have been a coincidence that there just was no clouds.
 Yeah, it's always hard to tell, basically, because you can't say it definitely would have rained.
 There's no control group.
 Yeah, no. And that's, and because the data set of any weather is chaotic, not climate, but weather is chaotic.
 You can, you can always draw inference where there was an inference, you know.
 But, but there's no way, I mean, the Chinese government of course would say, like, we got rid of the cloud.
 That's very in character, bless them.
 But, um, but we, uh, but, but it's not pseudo science because you can measure impact, but the impact is never from 100 to zero.
 It's, um, it's percentages of, of manipulation.
 Okay.
 Have you read the, um, accounts of people going in and doing cloud seeding?
 No.
 It's so hard.
 People in plain.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, the people go in the plain.
 So a journal, a Bloomberg journalist went up with a couple of cloud seeders, um, in who are doing cloud seeding in Bangalore because India has drought problems.
 So they were trying to solve that by generating a bit of rain.
 And it's, so what you do is you go under the huge storm cloud you can find and there's a big updraft in the middle of it and you fly underneath that in your little plane.
 And you let yourself get sucked up and I think you get sucked up.
 You get sucked up at 800 feet per minute.
 And so this journalist was just like, I was in the back behind them, just vomiting the whole time.
 So then they've got to fly into clouds, are you?
 Now, they've all these rockets on the wing.
 And they've got, I think he had eight rockets on each wing and it fires the substances off into the clouds and then allows them to seed.
 But it sounds absolutely terrifying.
 Wow.
 He said he couldn't lift his hands off his lap because you're going up so fast.
 There was a thing about, so this is when the USA was starting to get involved in a really serious way because they tried it over.
 It was loud during the Vietnam War, but also the USA had a national hail research experiment in the 70s and that was different four years.
 And I think they closed it down because they hadn't got the technology right.
 But when they were doing it, some farmers were very angry about the idea because they thought that cloud seeding would reduce the rainfall and damage their crops the other way.
 And some of them fired shots at aircraft which they thought were doing cloud seeding.
 So adding to the risk.
 You don't know, this isn't very cheerful at all, but I haven't remembered it since I went there about ten years ago is the most bombed country per square kilometre in the world because of during the Vietnam War.
 Oh, it's good to have a record of some description.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It's very proud of it.
 Yeah, it's on all their places.
 The only other thing is they have all those jars.
 They have the plane of jars full of unexplained jars.
 We think they might have been for funeral uses.
 Or they might have been for storing grain.
 There's just hundreds and hundreds of massive human sized jars on a plane.
 Wow, fantastic.
 We don't know why they're...
 Jaws on a plane.
 Coming this summer.
 Do you know the biggest hailstone?
 No.
 2010.
 A hailstone larger than the bowling ball fell on Vivian during an exceptional hail stop.
 Wow.
 Vivian is a town in South Dakota.
 Thank goodness.
 It's going to say you didn't even get a surname, Jaws.
 It was just a special...
 It was like Madonna.
 Yeah.
 The hailstone obliterated her surname on her name tag.
 Wow.
 Have you heard about the guy who had weird blue hailfall in his garden in 2012?
 No.
 Did you think it was urine from a plane or something?
 He didn't, because my urine isn't blue, Jaws.
 Is yours?
 I am going to have to see a doctor.
 Jaws.
 Jaws the third had blue urine, didn't they?
 He was a papyrus.
 That's okay.
 So this was in Jaws the third's urine being catapulted out of a plane.
 But this was a guy called Steve Hornsby.
 He lived in Bournemouth.
 And there it was in the middle of a hail storm.
 And these jelly-like three-centimeter diameter balls, blue balls fell in his garden.
 I think about a dozen of them fell in his garden.
 And he said they were like squishy jelly-ish eggs.
 And they don't know what they were.
 One of the researchers said that it might have been a bird's egg.
 Like an undeveloped bird's egg.
 And she said bird's eggs have been implicated in previous strange goo incidents.
 And apparently, because birds hold their eggs in their claws when they're flying.
 But if they're hit by a hail, then they let go of them in a panic.
 And so this guy just had 12 birds hold their eggs in their claws when they're flying.
 Apparently.
 I didn't notice the premise of my movie.
 The whole first scene is a bird flying with an egg in its claws.
 So I hope that's right.
 It's actually a good spoiler, thanks.
 We've got a scoop there.
 It's not in the beginning.
 Do you think critics will walk out if it's actually an accurate writers?
 I can just pitch a little kid next door to that guy in Bournemouth just throwing blue jelly over them.
 Watching the dude's face and laugh.
 Watching the journalist show up.
 Can you have my dog in this sort of car?
 I have a couple things on Bulgaria.
 Oh, yeah.
 No, but do it.
 Okay.
 First off, I try to find a famous Bulgarian, which is quite hard.
 There isn't really any.
 Christel Steichkov.
 Okay, so we've got one.
 Yeah.
 Any lead on one?
 I've got Simeon Saxo-Coba-Gotha.
 Okay, so who's your, who's your football player?
 Yeah, and yours?
 Mine was the prime minister of Bulgaria till 2005.
 But here's the cool thing.
 He was, he is one of the only two who had blue urine.
 Blue urine.
 He's one of the only two people who's currently alive who was ahead of state during the Second World War.
 Yeah.
 He was the czar of Bulgaria in 1943 when he was six years old.
 And the Soviets invaded and he was exiled.
 And then he stayed alive and stayed alive for a long time.
 And then won an election in his native country in 2001.
 Oh, wow, that's so cool.
 How cool is that?
 That is cool.
 Yeah.
 I'll be back.
 So you've got no, no Bulgarians.
 No, I do.
 I should just qualify and say internationally famous Bulgarians.
 But it turns out that the grandparents of Mark Zuckerberg are Bulgarian.
 And he's named after his Bulgarian grandfather, Marco.
 So he's, he's there trying to claim him as Bulgarian.
 Also, I found one very good politician from Bulgaria who got fired in 2010 because he was playing too much Farmville while they were trying to say Farmville's a game on a, on a nap.
 And he was fired and he was dismissed and they added in his dismissal that he would now have more time to tend to his virtual farm.
 With his, with his hail cannons.
 Send him down, send him down to be Minister for Agriculture.
 And when he was, when he was dismissed, he came back and he said that he basically tried to explain himself and tried to say that he wasn't the worst.
 He said he'd only reached level 40.
 Well, his Daniella Jelokovov had the counselor from the right as Democrats of the strong Bulgarian party was ready at level 46.
 So he was furious.
 All right.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is Chisinski.
 My fact this week is that we judge music more on how it looks than how it sounds.
 What?
 What am I talking about?
 So this is an experiment that was done by researchers at UCL in 2013.
 And it was actually a sequence of seven experiments and it involved over 800 participants and some of them are musical experts.
 They were professional classical music judges and some of them were just amateurs, just plebps like you and me.
 And they...
 I take exceptions to that.
 Except you James.
 We're different types of plebps.
 Yep.
 And they got them to listen to recordings of people who've been entered into classical music competitions and to tell the participants who they thought would want these competitions.
 And when the participants just heard a recording of the recitals, they had no better chance than just random chance at knowing who'd won the contest.
 And when they were watching the person performing at the same time as listening to them performing, they also had no better chance than just what would be random chance.
 But if you muted the visuals and they just watched the person on the piano during the classical music recital, suddenly the chance of them guessing who'd won the competition went way up.
 And they got like, they were more than twice as likely to...
 I don't think that's the case.
 At the start of the study, like 96% of the professionals and 88% of the amateurs said that they would judge on this entirely on sound.
 But actually they think that we use visual cues, so we don't quite realise it.
 But when they say what they appreciate in the music, they'll say something like passion.
 And actually they're getting passionate out of the way that a performer's moving.
 And they're thinking, "Oh, I'm really enjoying hearing this piece. I'm really appreciating the nuances in the music."
 But actually they're just enjoying watching someone look like they're passionate.
 I just thought it was really interesting that...
 Yeah, that is interesting.
 So, when I'm seeing a band play, the one that's coming to mind is Mumford and Sons.
 There's a guy on the keyboard, it's right.
 If I ever see it in a festival, and he goes for it, and he's like, he's rocking on it, but you know he's just playing a G.
 It's just a G over and over and it's like, "Why are you putting..."
 That was beautiful.
 It's not an acoustic instrument, so you can't get more out of it by hitting it harder or throwing it.
 But it's the same watching a pianist play a beautiful acoustic piano.
 And you'll watch some classical pianist sort of ease their body in and their wrist down.
 And they'll just sort of place their finger on the key.
 And most of the cue you're getting from that, the reason that sounds like a beautiful note is because of the approach.
 Yeah.
 And you could go... you could get a robot to go...
 And it would sound exactly the same.
 Well, this is the thing, this is why they have blind auditions for orchestras these days.
 Yes.
 Because they've noticed that they were...
 An agenda bias.
 Exactly.
 Exactly in the same.
 Yeah, and until the 70s or the 90s, about 5% of an orchestra was with female musicians.
 Which is obviously statistically surprising.
 Well, but the, of course, the assumption was, well, you know, their brains are different and they're physically not as capable.
 And so they can't cut it.
 Yeah.
 And everyone just took that as given, well, you know, women aren't as good as men at music.
 And then they started blinding the auditions.
 Yeah.
 And it's, guess what?
 It's like 50/50.
 Nothing to do with it.
 But they had some where they had blind auditions and still many more men were being chosen for the orchestra in the moment.
 When they worked out a possible explanation, which was that the women were going and wearing high heels to the blind auditions.
 So they were a clip-glop.
 You heard the sound of their feet and that might have been subconsciously affecting people.
 Full.
 They should have known.
 I mean, women are idiots.
 I'm sorry.
 They shouldn't have worn high heels.
 That was a special point.
 That was the point I was trying to make their own.
 Yes.
 That women are idiots.
 Great.
 Yes.
 It's pretty depressing.
 It reminds me this is a digression that of blinding instrument tests, because have you guys discussed this?
 No, no, I don't think we are about the strata various effects.
 The knowledge that an instrument is, I guess it is very related.
 The knowledge that an instrument is worth a million quid changes not only the audience's appreciation, but the musician.
 The first chair, or a soloist, classical violinist will, you know, get on the lease or buy if they're very lucky, a strata various worth a million bucks.
 And they'll play it.
 Now everyone will swear black and blue that it sounds better.
 But if you blinding this is quite hard, because the wood smells different and it feels different and stuff.
 But if you control as much as you can for those variables, putting blocking their noses and just get the players to play it and hear it.
 They can't pick a strata various from a thousand dollar Chinese.
 And this has been true for about 200 years.
 They've been doing these studies and it always shows.
 But then every single year you get another thing saying it's because of the wood, it's a special kind of that.
 Do you know what's valid though?
 I was thinking about this today with disease and psychosomatic illness and stuff that if you have someone with one of these umbrella diagnoses like chronic fatigue or they'll be this outrage.
 If anyone suggests there's a psychological element to their disease, but that that assumes a dichotomy between neurology and physiology that is something that increasingly we don't we realize is not true.
 Like that a disease has a psychological element or a neurological element, psychological and neurological kind of indistinct.
 If it does have a psychological element, it doesn't mean you're not still sick.
 It's just you're not necessarily sick.
 These people want it desperately to be a tick or a some kind of pathogen.
 But if you tell them it's neurological, they're like no, it's not all in my head and it's like it doesn't matter.
 It's all in your head in the end, pain and sickness and it's all interpreted.
 And so with this violin thing, maybe it doesn't matter that it's bollocks because the musician feels more passionate about the music when they play it.
 And maybe it changes their body language and changes the audience experience.
 And the fact that a psychological is fine, it's part of our experience.
 It is, it's good stuff.
 We should keep lying.
 Well, let's just re-label all violins. Let's try that out. Let's just do it.
 If we sell them all for £200,000. If we do it, we're going to lose the point.
 If we do it and we cover it up 200 years from now, people will be enjoying music much more.
 Let's say there was this guy, he made thousands and thousands and thousands of violin.
 It's still making them. It's amazing.
 Quick thing about cognitive bias, which this is kind of a bow.
 This is about, which is how we convince ourselves of things that aren't true.
 Almost everyone thinks they're above average.
 And if you present people with most skills and you do studies on how good they think they are at skills,
 and then you test how good they are at skills, people will think they're better than average at most things.
 So I think some things are particularly high, so there was a study in 1977, which is quite famous,
 where 94% of professors said they were above average in relation to their peers.
 So obviously this is people, we are so good at convincing ourselves of certain things.
 Yeah, it's driving a lot.
 Driving, I think.
 Is there a gender thing there? I bet men are worse.
 In driving, I think actually it was gender equal, because I was expecting that as well.
 I bet men are better. I bet I'm above average at thinking I'm better than you at things.
 Do you know about that you guys discussed the down-and-cruelier effects?
 There's also a correlation between how bad you are.
 It's slightly a misinterpreted thing, but the gap between how good you are and how good you think you are increases as you get worse at a thing.
 It's amazing.
 So it's sort of like the less you know about other things, the less you know how bad you are at the thing.
 Yeah, so people, and the thing that people make a mistake with this data, which is very interesting data,
 is they think, "Are those people as so dumb they don't know how dumb they are?"
 But it's actually all of us.
 In all of us we have things where the down-and-cruelier effect, the point is it's the things we're shit at that we don't know we're so shit at.
 You've basically written a song about that, haven't you?
 The first song in Matilda is basically like that.
 Oh yeah, I guess so.
 The idea that everyone thinks their kid is above average.
 The best honest is Derrigger above average as average go figure.
 It's one of my best friends.
 It's a children's musical.
 You've got to go and see it here.
 Come on, you're fable.
 Okay, it's time to move on to fact number three, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the BFG's Dream Powder also helps against constipation.
 Oh, bless.
 Is that an edited chapter?
 So, this is not in the book. This is a thing that I read by a failure Dal who was Roll Dal's daughter.
 And she was talking about her childhood.
 And before Roll Dal wrote the BFG, he kind of had this idea already.
 And his kids couldn't sleep and he was like, "Oh, you know what?
 There's a kind of a dream powder that people blow into your bedroom and it gives you good dreams.
 But it also helps for anything from maths problems to constipation."
 Okay, and then the kids kind of went to sleep and then he ran outside, got his ladder,
 put it up against the wall, ran up, put a bamboo pole into the bedroom
 and pretended to blow in sleep.
 Wow.
 And then from there, that's where the idea from the book came.
 Was there supposedly they knew that it wasn't that it was him, but they pretended to him afterwards.
 And was there a lot of constipation in the Dal family?
 Not after this.
 They all immediately shut themselves into the Dal family.
 Oh my God.
 They did want to get suspicious, I think.
 So they said, "How are we supposed to know that this is real, Daddy?"
 And so they went downstairs and confronted him and he said, "How dare you question my truthfulness?"
 And then the next day they said they woke up and opened the curtains
 and they saw the letters BFG burned into their lawn.
 And he loved his lawn so much and apparently he was very angry about this
 and that proved to them that the BFG existed.
 Oh, it's very easily convinced.
 Yeah.
 He sounds like a great dad.
 Yeah.
 I was reading about the first movie of the BFG, the animation.
 And the original voice was meant to be Spike Milligan.
 And I'm very upset that it's not because I look at the BFG's face and I see Spike Milligan now.
 Right.
 And when he showed up to the audition, they said he had to go home and shave.
 I don't know why, because it was a voice job.
 Well, Dal hated Beards.
 Oh, really?
 He hated Beards, yeah.
 He would be a Pog and a Folbe.
 Totally.
 What?
 That's what.
 Oh, is that the Twits?
 That was the man's Twitter.
 He hates it.
 He hates Mr Twit.
 I mean, that's really real.
 I've talked to Lissy about that.
 He really didn't like Beards.
 Yeah, I think he wrote an essay in The Times.
 It only came out quite recently saying there are hairy smoke screen
 behind which people hide.
 And yeah, he really loath them.
 But is this true about Beards?
 So this is difficult because he said that it was a bad representation of male vanity
 and no man should be vain.
 But I would have thought that it's much more effort to shave.
 But he said, I think it must take at least twice as long to wash thoroughly a face that is matted with bristly vegetation
 so that no dirt or food remains among the hairs than simply to shave.
 But I didn't realise Beards required that level of cleaning.
 That does sound phobic, doesn't it?
 I mean, I've never considered washing my beard.
 Oh, do you have to clean like comb food out of your beard every night before you get to sleep?
 No.
 Should I?
 Quite a doll.
 That does sound phobic, doesn't it?
 Yeah, sort of fantasy version of what a beard might be like.
 Or maybe sort of just sort of thinking of big dostoyevsk in Beards.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 So he had supposedly this cabinet of curiosities sort of odd things in his shed.
 And I imagine he would have seen all of these.
 Yeah, I was actually one of the last people to see it before it moved.
 Wow.
 And now it's in the museum in Great Missenden.
 Yeah.
 And he had some of his spine in a jar.
 Yeah.
 Because he had a terrible spinal injury when he had a plane crash in the Libyan desert during the Second World War.
 And he also had, he had a draw on one of his filing cabinets.
 And the handle of it was a steel bit of steel, which had been put into his pelvis during an unsuccessful hip replacement.
 Wow.
 And so he said a lot to stand that into a handle for a filing cabinet.
 That's great.
 He was medically, he was extremely unlucky, I think, in terms of people around him and himself, wasn't he?
 Sad. So he lost his daughter and that obviously just destroyed him.
 But then Theo got, you know, his son got hit by a car in New York when he was a little tiny infant in a, in a pram.
 But he invented this shunt.
 He got a model maker from down the road and a doctor who turned out bizarrely.
 After I'd written Matilda, I found out as a friend of my grandad's.
 Wow.
 Wow. My mum was reading his biography and went, Dave, this is your father's friend.
 So that was very exciting when mum got to meet Lissy.
 But yeah, he just felt that he should be able to fix stuff, you know.
 And such an interesting brain, this darkness and light and the pragmatic versus the fantastical, you know.
 Yeah.
 Absolutely intriguing guy.
 And it did, you know, you hear about people patenting things and being a bit wacky.
 His invention genuinely did save thousands and thousands.
 Yeah, last year, it was so much.
 It was superseded quite quickly, but it was huge.
 I think it was, yeah, very effective in this time.
 Three thousand children, I think, had it fitted.
 And that is charity saves a whole lot more.
 And it's pretty incredible.
 You know, you had no teeth.
 Really?
 He had them all out in his 20s.
 It would have been a spy because he was a spy briefly.
 Military attaché in Washington and the wall.
 But he would have been a spy with no teeth.
 That's an awesome time.
 That's a great book isn't it?
 A spy with no teeth.
 It's on Ian Fleming's backup list.
 Yeah.
 Doctor No teeth.
 They were friends actually, weren't they?
 Well done on Ian Fleming.
 They worked together a fair bit.
 Or they knew each other release and had a mutual respect for each other.
 And they both sort of worked for MI5 together at that time.
 One, they worked on two movies as well.
 Yes, and they worked on films together afterwards.
 So did he do the spy who...
 No, he did you and lived twice.
 No, he did you and lived twice.
 And he also did chili, chili bang bang.
 Yes.
 Darl, this is a thing I found out that I had no idea.
 Is that he was buried with a power saw.
 Yeah.
 Not that it was used to dig the grave.
 I mean, he was literally, he's got a power...
 In his coffin with him, or sort of in the...
 I'm not sure whether it's a tomb.
 But he was buried with his snooker cues.
 Yeah.
 Some burgundy, chocolates, HB pencils and a power saw.
 We need to find that tomb.
 Yeah.
 He used to write for Playboy, didn't he? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Rute Playboy stories. In fact, Hugh
 Heffner did a thing where in one of the editions of Playboy, he included ten golden tickets.
 And if you got a golden ticket in the Playboy copy, you then got to go to the Playboy mansion
 to an exerated wonderland, a chocolate factory. Nine-year-old asthma's dramatic day of his life.
 This is just one tiny fact about dreaming, because the BFG's about dreams, am I right? Yeah.
 Yeah. So there was a study done in Germany about nightmares, and five most common themes for nightmares
 are falling, being chased, being paralyzed, the death of family or friends, and being late.
 If people, is that up there with all these other traumatic things that could possibly ever happen to you?
 Not knowing your lines. That's what I get. Really? Yeah. Having to go on, not knowing my lines.
 Often Shakespeare. Having to go on in a Shakespeare and not knowing my lines.
 Would that be worse, because a lot of people are just going to know all the lines anyway?
 Yeah, probably. Shouting it out. Yeah. That one's not going to be!
 I have a fact about constipation. So, you know, the Guardian used to do notes and queries,
 and they would sometimes find the very old columns online, basically. They have one question
 in the load of people answer. Have they stopped doing it now? I'm not sure, but a lot of them look archive now,
 basically. But they've got, there was a thing about old books, right? And a couple of people wrote in,
 and one person wrote in saying, "The father of a friend of mine used to find that breathing in the
 atmosphere of a well-stocked secondhand bookshop, the mustier the better, was a certain cure for his
 acute constipation now." That sounds like a very good Aoki phenomenon. Exactly. There's a phenomenon
 we've talked about on this podcast, which is this woman, I think, Mariko Aoki, where she was overwhelmed
 by the urge to have poo when she was in a bookshop. I wonder, and there's another letter whose another
 person second down wrote, "I first became aware of this little-known side effect of my interest in old
 books some years ago, and have been plagued by it ever since. I'm reassured to know there are other
 sufferers. I think we might have cracked the phenomenon." Well, you do get a lot of kind of
 not bacteria, but fungal spars, don't you, in all books. So maybe it speeds up the process. Yeah, it must do.
 I thought it might be associative, so these people who read their old books on the loo, and their brain
 goes, "Oh, old book, poo time." That's an amazing theory. Can I just, there's one cure for constipation,
 though? I like that I didn't know about, which is the Violet Ray device, and so I think this was
 sort of invented by Tesla, so it's an electrical device, which was used to cure a whole bunch of
 stuff, as well as later as the 1930s, and it basically used electro-therapy to, and you put the instrument
 that puts an electric current through whatever bit of your body is ailing, you put it on that, and it
 cures it, and you were supposed to put it into your rectum, and you saw an electric current up there,
 and it relieves constipation. It feels like it would work. So use it in the 1930s, if you look at
 newspaper adverts, it's all over it, the Violet Ray device. They use Violet Ray therapy.
 I think, kind of, but plugs to get Seaman from Rhino's, I happen to know. Oh yeah, yeah. There's Rhino,
 one of you on my neck.
 Okay, it's time for a final fact of the show, and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that Britain has only one performing circus recouping.
 So I found this fact in the spectator, it's from the House of Commons papers, and
 there are not many animals performing in circuses left in the UK, and elephants and big cats have
 both been banned from British circuses. There are now two travelling circuses.
 Those are turning up drunk.
 Just make it sound like they've misbehaved.
 I can't come to a circus drunk, like there's raccoons on Stair, I don't get their job.
 So there's the circus monday, who have horses, camels, llamas, meals, donkeys, reindeer, and one zebra.
 Okay, and there's Peter's jolly circus, which I, and I phoned up both of these circuses.
 Yeah, I had a chat with them, and Peter's jolly circus has horses, donkeys, ponies,
 a camel, two zebra's llamas, a parrot, and Reggie the raccoon.
 I spoke to the guy who keeps it.
 Well, he does a lot of stuff. Firstly, he didn't have that with Gary Linnaker.
 I imagine it was a crisp at that.
 Reggie salted.
 Very good. Very good.
 So I thought you guys might ask, what does Reggie do?
 And I asked the keeper, and he said, he basically, I'm paraphrasing, but he said,
 he basically walks around the ring fence and goes up on a ramp onto a platform,
 and goes in and out of poles, like dogs do for there's agility things, and then comes back down.
 So maybe that's why there's only one fantastic.
 But the keeper wasn't paying to point out, he's not the UK's only performing raccoon,
 because there's a lady who did Britain's Got Talent with the raccoon.
 With the raccoons.
 So raccoons have public toilets.
 I don't know, they have their own latrine area raccoons, and we don't know why they do it,
 whether it's from a sense of cleanliness, or one, the article's really said,
 maybe for communication purposes, but they have the group of raccoons
 who are designated toilet place, and they all go and shit there, and that's where they do that.
 Well, raccoon droppings are very poisonous.
 They have little nematold worms in them that can kill you.
 To pay, and I think there's like even no giara something.
 That's why I was wondering why quite a lot of the warnings are very alarmist
 about raccoon latrines, and how bad it is if you find them in your garden,
 and you shouldn't touch them, but that probably explains that.
 The government of the Bahamas were protecting the Bahamian raccoon,
 and then someone did some DNA test and found it was exactly the same as North American common raccoon.
 And so overnight they went from protecting them to setting up an eradication.
 Such a horrible news to wake up to is those raccoons in their foreboast of beds.
 Darling, what's wrong?
 I have a few facts about circus things.
 So I found an unbelievably good book called "Beastly London" by Hannah Velton.
 It's so good. It's a history of almost every animal that's ever been in London, and it's incredible.
 So just a few circus shows that happened. There was the singing mouse, which appeared in 1843
 at some private rooms in Redund Street, and apparently it could wobble incessantly for a quarter of an hour.
 Even better on mute.
 And then a few years later there was a rival singing mouse,
 we just sat up off the strand, which were very near at the moment,
 at a hairdresser's and tickets for six pints.
 But if you got a haircut, it was free to see the mouse.
 It's weird enough that I'm asking a thing that's incredible.
 I just remember that I went to a circus museum in Florida.
 I can't remember if it's somewhere in Florida. I can't remember what it is.
 And then they had a load of weird people who did weird things on one of them
 went downstairs on his head, and that was his whole act.
 That's good.
 He was just like using his hands.
 Without using his hands, he would just kind of get on the top step with his head,
 and then I guess using neck muscles or something.
 One of the first ever circus performers rode a horse standing on his head.
 Was he an ass, one of asses, a lot?
 I think he was pretty assly, so it wasn't actually circus,
 because Philip Astley's the guy who invented the circus.
 But he did a lot of weird kind of...
 Astley did incredible horse riding, yeah.
 There was a guy called Daniel Wildman, who was so good, 1772, this is.
 He could ride a horse while standing upright, pretty good,
 with a mask of bees on his face.
 It's awesome.
 Isn't that incredible?
 I'd like to see him riding a bee with a mask of asses on his face.
 So just one sentence about him.
 He rides standing up on the saddle with the bridle in his mouth,
 and by firing a pistol makes one part of the bee's mount over the table,
 and the other parts swarm in the air and return to that proper place.
 So he was doing tricks, kind of show jumping with the bees while riding a horse,
 but apparently, he held the queen bee in his hand,
 so to sort of get them to follow along.
 Yeah, that sounds amazing.
 That sounds ridiculous sort of level of imagination
 to work on the scale of a horse and the scale of a bee at the same time.
 Have you guys heard of the Dog's Toilet Club?
 Have we heard of the Dog's Toilet Club?
 I reckon I've accidentally stumbled into it.
 What is it?
 It was an establishment on Bond Street in the early 20th century.
 Unfortunately, it's not quite as good as it sounds.
 It was where you could buy nice things for dogs, like toilet in the sense of toilet water.
 And it was incredibly lavish because it was on Bond Street,
 so you could get scented baths or hankies for your dog or jeweled collars or fur coats.
 When was that?
 Early 20th century.
 That's where the people have been doing that for so long.
 Yeah, so that Dog's Toilet Club is also in the beastly London book.
 I cannot recommend it enough.
 One of my favorite circus facts of recent times is that John Majors' dad,
 former Prime Minister of England, John Majors, his dad was in the circus.
 And by all accounts, I'm going to actually probably read about him.
 Sounds like an extraordinary guy, Tom Major.
 And the idea that everyone says is fact,
 although I don't think David Bowie actually said it,
 is that he used to see the poster of Tom Major.
 That was Major Tom.
 And that was Major Tom, and that was in Brixton,
 and that was where Bowie was at the time.
 So originally, when this is ground control to Tom Major.
 Well, the roar of John Major.
 You will be the Prime Minister.
 (Laughter)
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said
 over the course of this podcast, we can all be found on Twitter.
 I'm on @Striberland, James.
 @EggShaped Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 Tim.
 @TimMention.
 And Chazinski.
 Podcast@ky.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to @QIPodcast,
 which is where all of us exist as one unit, including Tim now.
 And, or go to no such thing as a fish.com, which is our website.
 And we have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 Goodbye.
 (Music)
