 [phone ringing]
 [music playing]
 [music playing]
 Hi!
 No, James, you can't just jump in and say hi.
 Why not?
 Because it's my thing.
 Oh.
 I'm saying hi.
 Sorry.
 It's my thing.
 [laughter]
 If you ever see Andy in the street, don't say hi to him.
 Because he'll get very offended and say, "That's my thing."
 You wait.
 I'll say hi to you.
 [laughter]
 Hi, everybody.
 Welcome to Drop Us Align, the regular audience feedback section of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 where we hear you.
 You know, normally you hear us, and this is us hearing you, your voices.
 [laughter]
 So that's-- and what they've mostly got to say is, "You're wrong about these things."
 We're recording in the morning again.
 I don't know if any listeners can tell.
 [laughter]
 We are.
 [laughter]
 They're probably like, "Oh, was that the sound of the milkman coming past?"
 In that silence that we are left.
 Weirdly, I genuinely paused to listen to if there was someone to go, "Yeah, we could notice."
 Like, a clock strikes at six, but in a way that shows that it's six in the morning, not
 six in the evening.
 Dan, it's not the morning where you are.
 Exactly.
 I'm time-travelling here, because actually, I'm recording at seven p.m. in the evening,
 because I'm in Sydney, Australia.
 I'm back home.
 This is our first cross-hemispheric edition of Drop Us Align.
 That's exciting.
 True.
 Can we start with an email from Lauren Philpot?
 Oh, yeah.
 That's an old name.
 That's a familiar name.
 We know Lauren.
 Yeah.
 Lauren says, "Hey, fish team.
 I have just found out a thing I think you might appreciate.
 Tortoise's drink through their dicks."
 Right.
 And she goes on, "I remember a conversation on your podcast about Buddhist monks doing
 that.
 Brackets, Dan, maybe on more than one occasion.
 Now, I don't remember us ever making that claim."
 I mean, it sounds like something I would have said, but I can't quite place it.
 I don't think we have said that, actually.
 My memory doesn't stretch to it anyway.
 Do you know what I want to suggest that maybe what Lauren is thinking is we've often mentioned
 facts about how the navigation of, where is it, James?
 Oh, the South Pacific Islands.
 Yeah, is how they would dip their testicles into the current, into the water as a way
 of finding their way in a direction.
 I just wonder if, because we've mentioned that a couple of times.
 And anyway, Lauren goes, "I was just researching tortoise bathing because I have two of my
 own, and I wanted to make sure I'm doing it right, and I've had them for 18 months, and
 this is definitely not the first time I've researched bathing them, but I found a WikiHell
 article saying they rehydrate in the bath by absorbing water through their cloaca."
 Oh, that's good.
 Yeah.
 So, to argue a cloaca is not the same as a dick.
 It's a genital opening, isn't it?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's definitely that.
 They've got that in common.
 I wonder if, because I think we've said, maybe we haven't said before, but maybe if we haven't
 said it before, Lauren's probably not basing it on this, but if we have, then she might
 be.
 We've talked about Buddhist monks who have the ability to control their body temperature
 to such an extent that they can drive their own laundry by sitting under a wet sheet, and
 it starts to steam because they've got such mental control.
 That's a big leap to then get to drinking through your dick.
 I think we're trying very hard to work out what that could possibly be.
 That's a real thing, by the way, isn't it?
 They literally raise their temperature up so that you could hang a wet sock on them,
 and an hour later, it'll be dry.
 It will be disrespectful to their religion, I think.
 But yes, unless they've gone into business with it, unless this is a new system.
 I'm not sure how true it is.
 I don't think the one hour would work.
 I don't think they can raise their temperature to, let's say, 65 degrees.
 That's a quick amount.
 I think they can probably raise it to about the maximum that human temperature could go.
 You'd need a super monk for the hour.
 It's getting colder in the UK at the moment, because winter's coming.
 The laundry is starting to take appreciably longer to dry.
 I think we've had our last really good drying weather of the year, and it would be amazing
 to just sit under all your wet laundry and go, "Ugh!"
 Or bring a monk in, just grab a monk, since the dissolution of the monasteries, they've
 not got anywhere else to go.
 Do you think the Franciscans also could do it, and the Benedictines and all of that lot?
 Yeah, it feels like a holy thing to do.
 It's all monks could do it.
 I'm not saying that one religion is the correct religion.
 But you are saying that all monks can dry laundry on themselves, and actually that's
 nicely balanced.
 Yeah, exactly.
 All right.
 Well, thank you, Lauren.
 I think we've got to the bottom of that one.
 Pretty clearly.
 No, we don't know.
 I'm sorry.
 I don't think we said monks could drink through their penises.
 No, I think one of the three of us would remember it, if we did.
 But maybe because we all memorise different parts of the history of fish, maybe it's
 one of the things that Anna remembers, but I don't think we did do that.
 Imagine bath time at the monastery.
 You don't need to let the plugs out.
 You just...
 Well, half the water's boiling away, and the other half has been sucked up the decks.
 If you don't want to drink bath water, no one does that, regardless, let alone through
 your dick, unless there's a filtration system.
 Well, yeah.
 I think it's fine.
 I think it's healthy.
 Anyway, right, we should go on to the next email.
 Have we talked about the Hamilton thing on Drop As A Line Before?
 As in the musical, I believe we haven't.
 As in that we predicted the musical.
 So, well, just in case we haven't, if we have, just kind of ignore this bit, we've got an
 email from Melly Foster saying, "I don't know if this is spicy meat or a whole new category.
 On low days, I listen to old episodes.
 Take from that what you will."
 That's completely fine.
 In the episode called No Such Thing as a Magic Camel Filter, 23rd minute, James mentions
 Hamilton, Ohio.
 Hamilton has an exclamation mark, to which Andy replies, "It sounds like a musical."
 This episode is dated 14th August, 2014.
 Hamilton, exclamation mark, a hit musical, premiered on the 17th of February, 2015.
 Is esteemed composer and lyricist Lin Manuel Miranda in Club Fish, or are you all actually
 the team behind the hits?
 Have I blown this shit wide open by Ellie?
 Yeah, we did know about that.
 And I think we've been on record in interviews saying that we actually predicted Hamilton
 the musical, even though our musical was about a small town in Ohio and Lin Manuel Miranda
 said something about it.
 Imagine the success he could have had had he got the right Hamilton musical instead
 of this Alexander guy.
 Yeah.
 Well, we all know as well that he chose the wrong founding father, didn't he, for his
 musical.
 Definitely, the right person would have been Gouverneur Morris, who died after putting
 a whale bone up his penis.
 It was actually going to dislodge some bathwater.
 That was the thing.
 That was the problem.
 He mistook it for a straw.
 He thought it was his straw.
 He was trying to suck out the rest of his cocktail.
 But like that, very obviously, would be a better musical.
 I don't know why he went for Hamilton.
 Oh, that was great.
 Yeah, no, I think we were aware of that.
 I don't know if it is spicy meat, just to go back to the category.
 I think if it is spicy meat, it's very, very old spicy meat.
 Yeah, I actually don't remember what spicy meat means.
 Me too.
 It just words to me now.
 Me too.
 What does it mean anything?
 No.
 No.
 I've put such love and care into this categorization system.
 Every email gets its own category.
 I'm up to like 900 categories now because they don't all fit it neatly.
 Right.
 Spicy meat, I think, is controversy.
 Ooh, you know, it's where maybe there's a disagreement between us or between us and
 the facts or there's some element of, you know, personal, I think I got it from beef,
 you know, personal beef.
 Yeah.
 Here's one thing to say about this Hamilton musical thing, because it has come up a few
 times, which is for the sake of just throwing facts into this argument, Lin-Manuel Miranda
 premiered the song Alexander Hamilton, which opens the musical at the White House in front
 of Obama in 2009.
 And he said he was working on an album, but in the background he was working on the musical.
 So the origins of the musical go as far back as 2009.
 I think what we're saying here, though, is that he hadn't told anyone and we predicted
 that a musical on Hamilton would be a great musical.
 We're not saying we voted.
 I'm saying that he actually used us as the idea, as the inspiration behind it.
 Okay.
 So he pivoted away.
 I don't care about your timeline.
 Well, James and I have been suing Lin-Manuel Miranda for like five years now and it's,
 we didn't want to tell you, Dan, because we wanted to, like, present you all the net
 box office receipts from Hamilton since it opened when we win them.
 It's going well, I think.
 Here's an email from Iceland.
 It's from, I'm going to try really hard to get the name right, I was going through Magnus
 Dotir.
 Wow.
 It sounded great.
 I actually consulted on Icelandic health about the pronunciation of that.
 Why?
 Sorry, why did you insult them?
 They said, that's not how you pronounce it, and you said-
 Consulted?
 Yes, it fucking is.
 I'll consult it, sorry.
 And then insulted them saying, oh, thanks a lot for that pronunciation.
 Nerd.
 Yeah, Magnus Dotir, of course, is right, because that's daughter of Magnus, right?
 Yeah.
 I think I got the first one right, too.
 Anyway, Asgurther writes, hail long-time listener, first-time complainer, uh-oh.
 In your most recent episode, you talked a bit about Iceland, as you have done many times
 before, that's not the complaint.
 Up until now, the stuff you have said about Iceland and Icelanders has been mostly correct,
 which is kind of surprising, as there are so many misconceptions about the country.
 So far, things are going pretty well in this email, in episode 499, though, there was talk
 of a dating app that Icelanders use to ensure they're not dating their cousins.
 This is not true, and it's one of the most long-lasting untrue rumors Icelanders have
 to deal with.
 The app you're talking about is actually a genealogy website used by people looking
 up their ancestors or historians doing research, rather than people trying to see if they're
 looking up with their cousins.
 Okay, well, you know, obviously, it was the "Lou Sanders" episode, and Lou had been in
 Iceland recently and had been told this, or possibly she might have heard it on an earlier
 episode of "Fish", because I think we actually have mentioned that previously, as well.
 Yeah, still do.
 Okay, that was me.
 Lou said it.
 Yeah, Lou said it.
 Lou said it this time.
 I think we have said it before.
 We have, yeah.
 Okay.
 Because I think we have a slight policy on Dropsline of not slamming the guests.
 If the guests come on and say they're usual, you know, rubbish, then we try not to read
 out too many emails criticizing or saying that.
 So no, but that's nice of you, James, to point out that we, I think, I think we have got
 that wrong in the past.
 Yeah, we have.
 Yeah.
 Okay, yeah, fair enough, Dan, do you want to, if it was you who said that?
 I'm not sure it was, but...
 I just sometimes think when there's a really funny gag about your country, lean into it
 and be part of it and just know that it's fine, there's no consequences to it.
 I think...
 Do you think...
 It's a great gag.
 I agree, and I do think Australians cheat at cricket all the time when you go into Sydney
 Town Square with a billboard on your front and embrace that joke.
 That's just not a great gag.
 That's the issue with that one.
 This is...
 I'd like the fact that Asgutha says this is one of the most long-lasting untrue rumors
 Icelanders have to deal with.
 It's not...
 That's...
 It can't be that long-lasting.
 It only dates from the period of the app, which is recent.
 Well, I read recently the Vikings didn't found Iceland.
 That feels like the longest-running falsehood.
 That's true.
 Given his dates to their founding, but it's a slight technicality in that the people who
 went to Iceland were farmers rather than ponderers.
 Pillagers.
 So, yeah, pillagers were Vikings, but if you weren't doing any pillaging, you technically
 weren't Viking.
 I don't know if that's true.
 Maybe MsMagnus.ac can let us know.
 I think that sounds...
 I mean, I think that sounds completely plausible.
 I do wonder whether that's stretching the definition of a rumour, as in that feels more
 like a historiographical problem to solve rather than some exciting goss.
 Do you think?
 Okay.
 Yeah, that's fair enough.
 All right.
 So, apologies for that corrected.
 Let's have another guest slam.
 John Lewis writes...
 Come to my shop.
 Right?
 No, he must get that all the time.
 He must.
 Do you know there's a footballer called Lenel John Lewis?
 No.
 Okay.
 And they sing, "Lenel John Lewis, his name is a shop."
 That's his song that they always sing to him.
 Does it only go two lines, that song?
 No, but the rest is unimportant.
 Boring.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 John writes, "I believe that Anna made an error upon her return to the podcast in
 episode 500."
 Brilliant.
 "She talks about a low-pressure vacuum as being crap.
 I think that a low-pressure vacuum would have more 'suck' in quotes.
 Please ensure if you mention this on your podcast you pronounce the quotation marks
 as I know that vacuums do not suck because a full vacuum has a pressure of zero bar absolute
 and therefore a crap vacuum would have a higher pressure."
 This is brilliant.
 Studying.
 I've never thought of it like that before, but of course that is true.
 So is that a vacuum in space or a vacuum in your house?
 If you, well, let's assume your vacuum cleaner uses a vacuum as in it creates an absence
 of air in one place so that the air rushes from somewhere else into that space.
 Then the lower that pressure is, the better the vacuum would be and the more that stuff
 would get quotation marks sucked into it.
 I see.
 And we're all pronouncing the quotation marks because we know that vacuums do not
 suck.
 Mmm.
 I'm more distracted by the fact that you called Anna a guest.
 You're dead meat when she's back if she hears this.
 I'm trying to sow the seeds of some spicy meat for when Anna's back.
 Great.
 That's what I'm trying to do.
 You know?
 That's a good idea.
 Do you think Anna has listened to any of these droppers of light?
 I don't think she's listened to the main show since about late 2014.
 I must have it because I've talked to Anna quite a lot in the recent weeks because of
 our book that's come out, "Everything to Play For", the QI book of sports available in all
 shops right now.
 Plunk corner, format point, ding, ding, ding.
 Excellent.
 And I told her about the next guest that's coming on who I won't mention here in case
 it's in the future, but in episode 502.
 And she said, "Oh, I might listen to that one."
 So that tells you all you need to know about whether she's listened to the previous ones.
 So apologies, John, and we'll have a word with Anna.
 Is that Anna Tyshinski, author of "Everything to Play For", the QI book of sports available
 in all bookshops now?
 That one.
 Is that one?
 That's your second strike on Plunk Corner.
 That's fine.
 It's nice to have a second.
 That's two Plunk Corner.
 You've now completed half of a Plunk Square.
 So I think you can do it before the end of this recording.
 I'd go for a Plug Dodecai, John.
 No seriously, James.
 It sounds like a marvellous book.
 So let's back out of Plug Car now.
 OK.
 Well, let's back into yet a third guest slam.
 Well, more slams of guests?
 Just one more.
 One more.
 One more.
 And these are slam technicalities rather than slam, you know, complete disasters.
 Stu Randall writes, "Hannah, Hannah Fry, stated that the amount of gold on Earth is constant.
 However, this is not quite true.
 New atoms of gold are accidentally created by the persistent new Trump bombardment of
 the lead shielding surrounding nuclear reactors and particle accelerators."
 Oh, this is high quality pen and tree this week.
 Hannah, you idiot.
 You're out by an atom in your calculation.
 I'd love to be that guy who comes over into the audience, "Why do you call this holding
 an atom?"
 That is such a good fact.
 It is.
 I didn't know that already, but I'm so glad that I learned it and I'm going to use it
 whenever anyone says that fact about the amount of gold being constant.
 I'm 100% going to say that.
 Here's an audience factor of the week from Fraser Palmer, and this is a great one.
 I'm really sorry.
 I'm just going to blow my nose.
 Why didn't he write that in an email?
 He could have just blown his nose and then written the rest of the email.
 What a strange thing to say.
 Fraser writes, "Ah, that's better.
 Now I can type more clearly."
 Fraser and Ryan do that.
 "Thought I'd write in with a fact that might interest you.
 Recently, the winners of the Woodbridge Disflect Open Tournament, a game where partners throw
 Frisbees to each other to try and knock it into a bucket."
 I guess trying to get the Frisbee into a bucket?
 We'll try and knock something else into a bucket.
 Anyway, it was won by John Ling and Terry Malloy.
 Now, what's interesting about these two is that they absolutely hate each other.
 Supposedly, they haven't spoken to one another outside of the game since 2013, but their
 chemistry with the Frisbee was just too strong to break up.
 It's basically now a blood feud between their two families with the exception that they're
 really good at Disflect when they play together.
 It's as if Agassi and Samperas only played doubles and only played together.
 Isn't that good?
 That's brilliant.
 That's amazing.
 That's a Netflix documentary waiting to be made, isn't it?
 It so is.
 It's so is.
 I just love it.
 It's like a Will Ferrell movie, you know?
 One of those "take a sport."
 Like "Dodgeball."
 Yeah.
 Perhaps part of their chemistry is that one of them absolutely launches it at the other
 one's head because he hates them so much, and then that just means that his accuracy
 is way, way greater.
 Yes, yes.
 That's such a good way of doing it.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's a really good sports fact.
 I wonder if there's anywhere else that people can get a collection of facts about interesting
 sports and, you know, a guide to human behavior, maybe, through the medium of sport.
 That would be interesting.
 I don't know of any of those.
 I only know about dystopian novels and books about weirdos.
 Just to stop the pylon of letters in your inbox, Andy, "Dodgeball" was Ben Stiller,
 not Will Ferrell.
 I'm thinking of the ice skating one which I watched, Blades of Glory, I think that was
 good.
 Blades of Glory.
 Yeah.
 Right, here we go.
 Here's Demian Stimpson, "Love the podcast, so I feel bad that my first contact is about
 something wrong."
 Oh, no.
 In today's episode, this is a few weeks ago, someone claimed, albeit probably repeating
 the study they referenced, that in Finland there is no discussion of weather.
 I have lived in Finland for almost a decade and speak Finnish to a reasonable standard.
 Sorry, James.
 You were about to say what the context of this was.
 No, only that we discussed a book by Kate Fox, I think, and she mentioned about how
 regularly people mention the weather in the UK and how even in Finland, if people are
 digging their way out of the snow and it's 10 foot deep snow, people don't even mention
 it.
 Like, what have you been doing for the last hour and a half?
 Oh, nothing.
 Well, Demian writes, "There are at least two Finnish people at work who will discuss the
 weather with me every day.
 My in-laws discuss the weather with me every time I see them.
 Conversations about weather in Finland are almost as common as in the UK, just less likely
 to be about the rain."
 Oh.
 Okay.
 Sick bird.
 What it sounds like to me is that Demian is British.
 He keeps mentioning how much it's talked about in the UK.
 He's now living in Finland.
 They're probably thinking, "This guy's missing his regular conversation.
 Let's start chatting weather to him because that's what he knows.
 He's British."
 And he's not getting a proper authentic Finnish conversation.
 This is just a theory.
 I'm not going to say it's true.
 It's a good theory.
 No, I agree, actually.
 When I was in Romania in 2016 and all people wanted to say to me is, "What do you think
 about Brexit?"
 But I doubt they went home, all of them, and talked about Brexit between themselves.
 They were just like, "Here's a weirdo English person.
 Let's ask him what he thinks about Brexit."
 And Brexit is much like weather in that it's everywhere and it's mostly bad.
 A little bit of satire for you there.
 Satire can't ask.
 Do you think we've been doing Drops of the Line for a year?
 I don't feel like a year, but do you think we've actually been recording it for, I think
 we might have done?
 Yeah, maybe.
 Have we?
 Because Anna was on the first few episodes of Drops of the Line.
 Oh, yeah.
 Must be Modna, yeah, then.
 So, now she's nearly back from her matinee, so, yeah.
 Okay.
 Are we going to do anything for our first birthday or not?
 I don't think so.
 Okay.
 Imagine if we did a huge O2 arena gig just for Drops of the Line instead of our 10-year
 anniversary, that'll be great.
 Just 15 minutes of lukewarm batter.
 Yeah.
 We could build an actual spicy meat lounge or a plug corner that we go into on different
 bits of the stage.
 It's got to be epic.
 What do you think a spicy meat lounge is?
 A lounge that gives you spicy meat, sells it, or is it a lounge which is made of spicy
 meat?
 Of a latter.
 Definitely.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Absolutely.
 You've got a, like a giant pepperoni foot stool.
 A pepperami, chaise-long.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Or a lovely pepperami, chaise-long.
 Yeah.
 I'd sit in that lounge.
 Great.
 Do you know, that's the limit of my spicy meat knowledge.
 Are there more?
 Biltong?
 Biltong.
 Interesting.
 Biltong can be spicy.
 It can be spiced.
 Anyway.
 Here's another.
 Yeah.
 Simon Richardson writes, just enjoying your No Such Thing as Ocean's Eleven with Puffin's
 episode.
 That's good.
 Oh, Craig Jenner.
 Yeah.
 And wanted to correct you ever so slightly on the Lance Armstrong fact.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 It was about how someone bought 10,000 of his books or something the day before he got
 done for being a drugs cheater.
 Yes.
 And they were then left with all these books they couldn't sell.
 Yeah.
 Well, Simon writes, "It wasn't books the gentleman bought, it was DVDs.
 And the reason I know this is that he bought them from us."
 Oh.
 And it turns out Simon Richardson is the editor of Cycling Weekly Magazine.
 That's amazing.
 That's Weekly with Two E's.
 It's not Cycling Weekly Magazine.
 He's packed up a very shallow hill.
 Yeah.
 So that's nice.
 It's good to know we've got illustrious listeners like that.
 No, that's amazing.
 Yeah, it's huge.
 And also, I mean, it's a double slam, isn't it?
 Because like obviously Lance Armstrong was cancelled, but also people don't really use
 DVDs anymore.
 So.
 So this is it.
 And I wrote back to Simon because I wanted more details.
 I was intrigued by this.
 And he says, "I can't remember how many it was."
 I asked him, "How many did this guy buy?"
 But we're talking in the thousands of these DVDs.
 We weren't shifting them because we knew what was coming, where he Armstrong, brackets
 everyone in Cycling knew what was coming.
 We were shifting them as DVDs were no longer selling.
 So the person who bought them not only backed the wrong rider, he backed the wrong tech
 too.
 Wow.
 I know.
 Yeah.
 It seems like a scam to me.
 Like as in, he knew what was coming and they got rid of them.
 Even if you, yeah, I don't know, like, is this the same guy who sold me those Russell
 Brand Beta Maxs' last week?
 That's it.
 Yep.
 That's it.
 Cycling Weekly, they're online shoppers, a lot of really bizarre stuff, actually.
 Oh, dear.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Fair enough.
 I've read that thing about the books in lots of different places.
 I feel like I've never heard of the DVDs before.
 That's really interesting.
 It's from the Straight from the Horses saddle, as it were.
 Yeah.
 Now I'm actually wondering about all those, um, those Dapper Laugh cassette tapes I bought
 from the same source.
 Dapper Laugh.
 Dapper Laugh.
 Is that the best cancelled person you could think of?
 I think about Dapper Laugh quite a lot.
 I actually think, you know, sometimes we mentioned someone from like the 19th century
 and we're like, oh, maybe we're going to have to explain who they are because not everyone's
 going to know.
 I think Dapper Laugh is 100% a person that you're going to have to explain who they
 are.
 For international listeners.
 I don't know how.
 Just for listeners.
 Dapper Laugh was a, he was a guy who was a comedian and then it turned out he'd recorded
 some rather, rather ripe stuff and it wasn't, hmm, it was all a bit, hmm, not sure about
 that.
 Yeah.
 It was all because of Michael Barrymore laser discs.
 This is a lovely game of matching people who've been cancelled to technologies we can't quite
 remember.
 Oh, God.
 Here's a riddle to end on.
 Oh, okay.
 Well, it's more of a mystery.
 It's from Mark Colfifi.
 Discovered your show recently and love it was listening to many episodes on our 14 hour
 drive from Boston to the Outer Banks in North Carolina.
 Oh, feels like a long drive.
 It is.
 In episode 488 there is a discussion on furbies.
 So have you or your panel ever heard of The Long Furby?
 The Long Furby.
 Yeah.
 No.
 Okay.
 No, I don't know.
 Is it a movie?
 Like The Long?
 Goodbye.
 It's a never ending story.
 Is that?
 Yeah.
 No, it's not that.
 It's a natural furby that was long, like in the shape of a caterpillar or a snake or something.
 Yeah.
 It's a long furby.
 And I think people started making their own weird long furbies.
 Okay.
 It's sort of a subculture online of people who make like five foot long furbies.
 So they still got the normal face and then it's just fluff all the way down.
 Oh, okay.
 That is weird.
 The dragon and never ending story looks a bit like a long furby when I picture him now.
 A luck dragon.
 Yeah.
 You're absolutely right.
 And it's pretty horrifying that I would say the Long Furby.
 Why?
 Why?
 Why?
 Why Andy?
 Why did they do this?
 I'm just reading now.
 Long Furby is a self-proclaimed cult in quotes that is often flaunted online and sometimes
 practice publicly in real life.
 What is that?
 Hmm.
 As in people like dancing around the fire with long furbies.
 Oh God.
 There's all sorts of categorizations.
 There's a giraffe furby which has four feet at the bottom.
 There's a low furby which is a bit shorter and fatter.
 There's a mobius which has two heads on either side of the body.
 That's incredible.
 It's distressing.
 If you want to distress yourself, you look up the photos of long furbies because they're
 very weird.
 I've got one bit of correspondence here.
 This was sent in actually into the public domain as a question written in by Zoe Williams.
 The question is, a list of the UK's top podcasts poses the questions, what is it with all the
 bros?
 So Zoe, Zoe would like to know why no such thing as a fish is so bro-ey.
 She published this in The Guardian.
 She wants to know why is it that if a woman is allowed, allowed onto our show, they are
 only there to talk about their children and relationships, preferably with their husbands
 or children.
 So I mean, yes, we are very laddy, Zoe.
 We know that.
 We talk about monks suckin' drinks up through the dicks.
 We know.
 That is lad.
 Zoe has never clearly listened to an episode of the main show.
 The chance that she's listening to this bit of the show is absolutely infinitesimal.
 Now I would say this is spicy meat.
 This is us being slightly slammed by, in an article in The Guardian, it's sort of drive-by
 slamming saying we're bros.
 And Dan, you really took it to heart, didn't you?
 Because you don't think we're bro-ey.
 Oh, no.
 I wish we were more bro-ey.
 I'm just ashamed that we were so far down her list of bro-ey podcasts.
 No, of course we're not bro-ey.
 We're the least bro-ey podcast out there.
 Well, not the least, but...
 What about all of our episodes where we compare different barbecue sauces and see how many
 spicy wings we can eat?
 That's pretty bro-ey.
 I never released those ones, but we record them.
 We do record them.
 There was someone defending us on Twitter the other week when this came out.
 Oh, no.
 They said...
 I know what this is going to be.
 They said...
 Dan has taken this...
 I'm still furious.
 I'm still furious.
 Dan has taken this so much to heart, and is so upset about it.
 This person defended us saying they're not lads, they're not bros.
 Shriverland, my Twitter handle, in particular, gives off major wife-guy energy.
 That's who I am to them.
 Dan, I kid you not, anyone listening to this, this is about the fourth time I've heard Dan
 complaining about having been described as a wife-guy on Twitter.
 Can I just say to anyone listening to this, think of the person that you know in your
 friend group who is the most of a wife-guy, Dan, it just trumps them out of existence.
 He's the most wife-guy person you've ever met, but it just means that you love your
 wife, don't you?
 Not like me and James.
 He complains bitterly about our wives.
 We have to edit out so much from me and James grassing about our wives.
 The only thing that ever stops me from munching on a chicken wing full of barbecue sauce is
 complaining about my wife.
 We do our review episodes of Nuts and Zoo Magazine.
 It's a big feature of the bro episodes we do.
 It's a nice thing to be a wife, it's a lovely thing to be.
 It's nice to have never been so insulted in all my life.
 Your mistress was absolutely furious.
 Oh my gosh, she was fuming.
 There we go.
 Well, if you've got that out of your system, Dan, the complaint about our bro-iness.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Thank you.
 Thanks for letting me hear that.
 Thanks everybody next time because we're going to be comparing our Hot Wheels vehicles
 and taking them for a spin.
 We're going to be at the Monster Truck Festival.
 Then after that, it's gun show November.
 Looking forward to that.
 And throwing like horseshoes around little sticks.
 That's what they do, isn't it?
 What bros?
 Oh shit.
 Gun shows.
 Don't give us away.
 Is this one of your sports?
 They throw horseshoes.
 Is this one of your sports?
 Yeah.
 Brilliant new book.
 Everything to play for the QI Book of Sports, James.
 Written by the two bros themselves, James Harkin and Anatochinsky.
 And guest Anatochinsky, guesting in this book.
 That's the only thing is that Andrew is the most bro-y out of any of us.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 But thanks everybody.
 Thank you for listening to yourselves as reflected in our dark mirror.
 We'll be back in a month with another of these episodes.
 And we look forward to it and to hearing from you in the meantime, which you can ensure
 that you do by writing to podcast@QI.com.
 Bye.
 Slick.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 you
