 Hi everyone, before we start this week's show, we first of all want to make sure everyone's
 okay and hope that you're keeping well and keeping sane and you're getting through this
 lockdown okay. But one thing we quickly wanted to say is that Dan is away still, he'll
 be back next week, but in his stead we have our good friend and colleague Anne Miller.
 Yeah, that is right, and Miller's here. Not only is Anne Miller a QIL for you all know
 very well, she's also a published author, which I'm sure you guys might know, and honestly,
 if you're looking for a book to entertain your children while you're stuck at home with them
 having to endure whatever it is that children do, do go and look up Anne's book, it's called
 Mickey and the Animal Spies. I mean, I've actually read it and loved it and I realise I'm 34,
 but I do think I loved it in the mind of like a nine-year-old. It's about basically a bunch of
 animals and a ray of animals who go around solving crimes together with the lead character,
 this really adventurous kind of spunky gal called Mickey. It's fab. Yes, and actually the other person
 who's on this week's show, as well as myself and Anna and Anne, is of course Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and of course he has a book as well, which we should mention, and that's for people who's reading
 ages above the age of nine. So have you read that, Anna? I have indeed. So here I have to slip into my
 10-year-old self to really get to grips with that. No, that's called The Last Day, and it's brilliant.
 If what you're looking for to escape this kind of current dystopia is a fictional and much more
 exciting dystopia, you want to go to The Last Day. The concept is amazing, so the concept is that
 the world stops spinning and half of it's plunged into darkness, half of it's in light,
 and it's all the repercussions of that combined with a thriller story. And again, a great spunky
 female character. I think it might be Mickey when she's grown up. Oh wow, imagine that if that's
 the same universe. Oh my god, this whole thing has been blown wide open. All right, so go and look
 at both of those books, The Last Day and Mickey and the Animal Spies. Yes, especially at the moment
 when it's a really good time to be supporting authors and buying books. It's such a good time to buy
 books. The whole book industry is massively struggling, so it's just think of it as a good thing to do
 for the world as well as yourself to go out and buy books. Okay, on with the show.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you,
 not from the QI offices in Covent Garden, but from four rooms across the country. My name is Andrew
 Hunter Murray and with me today are Anna Tajinsky, James Harkin and Anne Miller. And once again,
 we have gathered around the microphones with our four favourite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go, starting with you, Anna. My fact this week is that
 loofas are edible. Yummy but time snack. Yeah, I didn't say they tasted nice, but loofas,
 which I find it a really funny word. So loofas are plants from the Luffa, the Lufa plant,
 so I think I assumed, and maybe other people did, that real loofa sponges that you get in the shower
 are sponges, like the animals, the organisms, but they're not, they're a plant, they're a gourd, in fact,
 and you can grow them. I realise that there's this plant that I've been looking at in my local shop
 in London, pre-locked out, obviously, that I've never known what it is, and it's this. It's just a
 loofa sponge in its early days. No. Yeah. It looks like a ridged cauljet, and yeah, basically it's like
 a gourd and the loofa that you have hanging in your shower is when it's past its delicious phase,
 and more in the dried up, desiccated phase. And it's like, if you think of a pumpkin when you empty a
 pumpkin out to make a face out of it, then all the white stringy stuff in that, when that dries
 up in the loofa, it turns into a sponge. Loofas have so many uses that I didn't know about. So
 researchers in Mumbai, they've made bricks out of loofas, and they have more air pockets than a
 standard brick, so you have to dry it and grind it down and mix it with aggregate material,
 kind of like concrete, it mixes together with other stuff. But they're really porous, and they
 can harbour plant and animal life inside the brick, and they're so porous, they have kind of
 mini water tanks inside them, so that cools the building down. So loofas sound like the ideal brick
 home building material. Okay, but one thing you shouldn't really use loofas for is scrubbing your
 back in the bath, isn't that right? According to some microbiologists, they're like a breeding ground
 for bacteria, because they have lots of air pockets, lots of holes where bacteria can get in, and
 dead skin cells, you get dead skin cells in there, what the bacteria like to eat, dead skin cells,
 where do they like to live in warm damp environments? What is an after-y of a warm damp environment?
 It's perfect. I read a bit of a advice saying, you should chuck away your loofa pretty much every
 week, which feels like you're going through so many loofas. So the three-pack should last you about
 a month, that's too many. Yeah, but loofas are quite long, I've seen one at Q Gardens, and it's much
 longer than a loofah you put in the bath, so maybe you just cut a bit off, maybe it grows back like
 celery, and take the end off it. Maybe it does that. We're not sure, and I'm thinking by one from
 that shop, when it reopens. I will. Well, if there are anything like your average kind of gods,
 you know when you try to grow courgettes, and you end up at the end of the season with 200,000
 courgettes, or marrow is quite the point you do. No, I don't know that. Maybe I've never grown a marrow.
 This might be your experience, but it's not a universal human experience.
 I think anyone who's ever done gardening and garden with courgettes that turn into marrow will know,
 I remember this in my childhood, that they grow much better than any other vegetable, so you get
 so sick of eating them for every single meal. Please write it in if you've had this experience.
 And don't say that, you're going to get hundreds of thousands of emails now.
 That one thing you can do, if you don't want to throw your loofa away, is microwave it.
 That's one advice from the loofah experts. They say that to eat it or clean it.
 That's a great point. I don't know how it cooks in a microwave, but if you have a loofah in your
 bathroom and you're worried that it's getting a bit germy, apparently if you shove it in the microwave
 for 30 seconds, or a minute, then it'll, don't put it, just start with 10 seconds.
 Don't put it in for too long. That's the microwaves. Always the way with the microwave though.
 Start with 10 seconds. Build up to giving it an hour. Yeah. Take it out, stir it around.
 Nice. Do you guys know that there's only one hotel in the UK that grows its own loofas?
 Really? Yeah, one hotel. Where? It's near Bath. It's near Bath. That's funny.
 A place called Ston, Eastern Park. Not only do they make their own loofas, they have an annual
 event, the Loofah Harvest, where you can go to the hotel and see the loofas being harvested.
 And it's the end of October or the start of November every single year, so hopefully it won't be
 affected by the current lockdown, fingers crossed, and the gardeners will take you down and advise you
 on your own loofa cultivation, and then they'll give you a demonstration on how to de-skin your loofah,
 and then you get a two-cost lunch. I don't know if there's any loofas part of that.
 Both courses. And then you get a loofa demonstration, and at the end of the day you get to go back to
 the garden and pick your own loofa. Wow. What a day out that would be. That's amazing.
 Yeah. Hey, you know who would love that? So I was looking up
 gourds and squashes, so gourd is basically generally used for the inedible ones and squash
 are the ones that we eat. But the American Gourd Society, they began in 1937, and they are
 big enthusiasts of all the kinds. And as having a look at other kinds of gourds, because the loofah
 obviously great. Do you know about the bottle gourd? No. So it's basically it's long, and when you dry
 it out, it kind of becomes hollow and it's got a long stem, which works like a handle, so you can
 use it to carry water around. Oh, nice. Kind of useful. I was just thinking the word 'gourd'.
 I think I first came across it in the Asterix books. Did he use to carry like magic potions in his
 garden stuff? Oh, that does look well. Yeah, because you definitely drink out of them like I
 used them as mugs and stuff, wouldn't you? Well, Anna, you must have a nightmare with your 200,000
 full-jet mugs every year. My cobbards are full. Have you ever been to one of Anna's drinking parties
 where we all drink tequila out of a gourd? All the jinx taste of courgett. It's actually not very pleasant.
 We're here for a gourd time, not for a long time. That could be the tagline.
 On other historical using of loofahs, it was a real craze in the end of the 19th century. So this
 is when people really picked up on the loofah as being handy. And it was because friction baths had
 just become very popular. And so this was the idea that it began with the concept that
 showering or washing was bad for you. So for about 200 years, it was quite common not to wash much
 because people thought that getting hot opened up your pores and led in lots of little bad guys.
 And then they decided that scrubbing with something really rough and sand papery. So women used to use
 mohair or flesh brushes. If you scrubbed and scoured your skin, that would get all the bad guys out.
 And then they discovered loofah, which was perfect for scraping out all these tiny little
 bad guys. The bad guys. I guess we now call them sort of pathogen or something. But there was this
 this craze with friction bars. And it was invented by guy called Lewis Coon. And it was the friction
 sits bath. And what you did was you sat in a bathtub. But the water was about 10 to 14 degrees centigrade.
 So cold, unpleasantly cold. And you rub your lower abdomen, hips and genitals very vigorously
 with a rough cloth or a loofah. And the nerve stimulation was thought to evacuate all the toxins.
 Wow. And then you go straight to bed. I wonder if that's part of the loofah day out that James passed.
 I decided to go off the loofah day out of that part of it. The genitals stimulation,
 you have to pay extra for that part. Some of the people are not people, actually the opposite of
 people, animals. Some animals that have friction baths are sperm whales. And now sperm whales.
 People are animals. You're right. It's not the opposite at all, is it? Animals are not people though.
 No. Well some animals are people. This is contentious guys. And for another day.
 Okay. So anyway, animals that have friction baths include sperm whales. And what they do is they
 get together and they exfoliate by rubbing against each other. So normally sperm whales are quite
 solitary or they'll be in small pods of maybe 10 or 15. But every now and then about 70 of them
 will come together and they'll all start rubbing against each other to get the bad guys off.
 Because they have bad guys who attach themselves to the skin like limpids and stuff like that,
 parasites. And there's genuinely serves an actual purpose, doesn't it? So it's like temperature
 regulation. If you're covered in algae, it's hard to regulate your temperature or you've got
 proper parasites. Whereas for humans, it's kind of bizarre that we exfoliate or I obviously don't
 because I'm not a fool. But it's bizarre that exfoliating has become such an accepted thing.
 I mean, what is it? There's no scientific evidence to say it's doing anything useful.
 Find it kind of gets rid of those gross bumpy things on the back of our arms, which I'm kind of
 fond of. But that might also be personal to you. I think you need to see someone about those.
 But when I was reading about the different kinds of girls they've made, apparently a
 warty girl does quite a thing because it's like it's even more distinctive. So they like a warty
 girl. They would want to it. I don't think I'm the kind of saying that Aralbo looks like a
 warty god. Well, actually, it sounds like it's in me here. You've been spending too much time
 rolling around in the courgette patch. Okay, it's time for fact number two and that is N. My fact
 is that the man who invented Jramanji did so because he hated Monopoly. Wow. If only we could
 all kind of channel that hatred for Monopoly into some creators. I mean, we've all been there, right?
 Yeah, he's awesome. So his name is Chris Van Alzberg. He is a children's author and illustrator.
 And he's got really interesting ways of how he gets ideas. So as well as he wrote Jramanji,
 the original picture book, and he also wrote The Puller Express, which also turned into a big movie.
 And he said that when he was younger, he used to find it frustrating that if you were playing Cludo,
 you couldn't actually interrogate Colonel Mustard. And if you're playing Monopoly, you didn't get any
 money. You weren't actually rich at the end, even if you'd built lots of hotels and had all the
 expensive properties. And then he also thought, well, what are things that I see a lot? So
 everyone's seen footage of a Rhino Stampede, but they haven't seen a Rhino Stampede in a living room.
 And then he was like, ah, a jungle game that comes to life. That's what I'm going to make.
 Okay. Yeah. That was a huge thing. But which game was he playing when he decided to do
 The Puller Express? I think that will be that train game, which I've forgotten the name of,
 that goes through Europe. Oh, ticket to ride. Wow. And was he annoyed that at the end of
 ticket to ride, you're not in but a pest? Like, this guy has very high demands of his
 ball games, I would say. I think everyone else accepts the fundamental conceit that at the end
 of Monopoly, you don't get 30 grand and the hilton. So yeah, it's, it's another interesting leap,
 isn't it, that he went from Monopoly to Rhino's. He must have had a jungle ponchont running alongside
 his hatred of Monopoly. Yeah. He does sound very cool. No, I love him. And his approach to,
 sorry, so he shared a letter that a fan wrote to him. And this is a girl called Alexander. And she
 said, "Dear Mr Van Al's book, I love the books you write. I am glad your books are so weird because
 I am very weird. I think you are weird, but great. I wish the volcano and flood would be in my room."
 Okay. Wow. What a silly thing to wish for. Very, very troubled home life that we're not really
 going to have time to get into properly, I think. My favourite origin story actually for a board game
 is there's the two men who invented trivial pursuit in 1979. And it's an incredibly boring story
 after you get to the bones of it. It's like the two businessmen who thought, "Yeah, should we invent
 trivial pursuit?" So it came about, I think one of them said they were inspired to invent it when
 they were playing Scrabble and some of the pieces were missing. So they couldn't play it anymore. Now,
 if you think about it, if you have pieces missing in Scrabble, it doesn't matter. If the piece that's
 missing is the board, then that's a problem. That's the crucial, yeah. Is the only absolutely crucial
 piece. No, I think there are lots of different ways in which you lose pieces. So, for example, if you
 lose all the vowels, that is going to be a tricky game of Scrabble to get through. And that would
 actually be a great prank to play on someone. Maybe it was the holder for the counters and they couldn't
 find a way to display them. Well, that's the other person seeing what they had. Must have been the holder.
 That's very good. We found three different ways in which this origin story stacks up.
 I like the origin of operation. Do you know that game? It's like it's a guy in a hospital and you have
 to pick out bits of his body with tweezers, right? And if you hit the sides, then it makes a buzz.
 Now, this was invented by a student in the 1960s. He was a design student and it was for his exam.
 But before that, Benjamin Franklin invented operation in the 1700s. What? He invented a game,
 which was basically the same. It was called treason. And it had a picture of King George II and you had
 to get a crown out of him. And if you touch the sides, then it would make a buzzing noise. So, Benjamin
 Franklin invented operation. Isn't that amazing? That's incredible, James.
 If real life operations were anything like operation, then surgeons would open up their patients
 and go, "Oh, shit, there are no organs in here at all." It's taken the organs. Is that what happens in
 operation? Do you just lose the organs over time? Pretty amazing. Oh, okay. I've never, I've never
 owned a set. Oh, that was a good time to get one, Andy. Yeah, that's true. I've only got four
 board games, one of which I bought for an earlier episode of Fish, which was the cattle seam and trading
 board game, great up to Elite Cow. Oh, wow. I know. And then one of the others is the QI board game,
 one is Scrabble. I don't have a very good cover. Do you think they could turn the, you know,
 how Jumanji is like kind of a board game, but then also a movie? Do you think they could turn the
 cattle seam and trading board game into a movie? Yes. I absolutely do. I think some bad guys
 hold the world's cattle seam and stock to ransom. And the rock will have to be involved somehow.
 Because they did have a monopoly, the movie, didn't they? Oh, no, they're making. No, they're making
 monopoly movie. I think they've tried before, but they're making a new one with Kevin Hart,
 who was in the new Jumanji movies. So I feel like he's going to absolutely conquer board game
 movie crossovers. Oh, well, it's going to be very, very long. That's the only thing we know about
 the monopoly film, be 16 hours long. You know, they're about to ruin monopoly, or I think they might
 have ruined it already by inventing a new updated version where it's cashless. So they want to get
 in tune with the modern man or woman. And so they've got a cashless monopoly where basically
 Mr. Monopoly is the banker. So no player gets to be the banker anymore. Mr. Monopoly is a top
 hat, a big top hat who sits in the middle of the board and uses voice recognition technology
 to know which player is talking to him. And a player will say, I want to buy Park Lane,
 and then he'll just deduct that amount from your amount. That's true. And so it takes away the joy
 of cheating as the banker, which is the only reason anyone plays monopoly in the first place.
 Exactly. The whole point is to cheat. Yeah. Well, Anna, I know which version you should get,
 because they've also made monopoly, the cheeto's edition, where a part of the game is to try and
 steal from the bank lie about your dice rolls. And it comes with a set of handcuffs, like I talk
 in a handcuffs. Great. They're really embracing the cheating. But there's tons of them, like,
 novelty monopoly. I had a look at a big list of them. And just the ones beginning with A include
 Abba monopoly, Alton Towers monopoly, Alice in Wonderland, Alpaca monopoly. That's an unofficial
 one, an Aberdeen monopoly. There are so many, if you look up monopoly, and if you're attempting
 to find facts about it, then half the news results are different places, you know,
 Kingston on Thames is getting its own monopoly set. And I do wonder what the advantage of this is,
 or whether they franchise it, or whether, because it seems like no one, you know, I used to live
 quite near Kingston, I didn't want to Kingston monopoly set. Well, I think they're all pandering
 to this one guy who has the world record, most number of monopoly sets. Okay, he's called Neil Scalen,
 and he has the Guinness world record. And how many monopoly sets do you think he owns? Completely
 good. Each one is completely different. 312. I think there's over a thousand novelty ones. I'm
 going to go a thousand. A thousand number one. And each one has a 400. He has, as of the 25th of
 January 2019. So a while ago, he has 2,249 different monopoly sets. And if you go into the amazing website
 worldofmonopoly.com, you can see a list of all the ones that he has. But that's not a cheap game,
 that's a lot of money. He almost could have like real monopoly. I know. And also, Anna, you and I
 have a copy of an extremely random monopoly set, don't we? We do the University of Kent, right?
 Yeah, and this guy also has that no way. Yeah, that's so good. Christmas in this guy's household
 must be hell. I was so sure we would have loved that he didn't have, but that is amazing.
 Jesus Christ. I wondered what his like, like the most sought out after it, the most the
 rarest like special monopolies. Because I read about one they made for Wall Street where it's like
 made of like solid gold pieces, but I think it's a bit overkill. But I wonder if there's like a,
 I don't know, what's a, like from a tiny village somewhere who's just got their own one and
 selling it in the post office. I wonder what's the hardest to get? I went on to eBay and I looked for
 the most expensive monopoly set at the moment. And it was a Bulgarian monopoly. I guess for some reason
 there weren't many made or something like that, but yeah, it was quite a few, it was about 700 pounds
 or something for a Bulgarian monopoly. And so you got it on the queue. I just, I don't want Neil
 Scallon to have it. I just stop him. I wonder if Chris Van Alesborg ever, like, makes up with
 monopoly. They could make a German G monopoly. That would be quite fun. Oh, then must be one. I don't
 think the world, I don't think the world needs more editions of monopoly. I have to say it's so
 interesting how people who play ball games in any serious way all hate monopoly so much.
 So the Guardian asked people for their least favourite ball games for a feature they were writing.
 And one of the responses just said, monopoly is awful because of the vice-like grip it has over how
 the British public perceived ball games. I'm going to a ball game night at a local comic shop this
 evening. Nobody will be playing monopoly. And if it was suggested, then I would assume it was a sick
 joke of some kind. They had in 2016 House Pro now makes monopoly announce they were operating a
 special hotline on Christmas day where people who had been traumatised by their monopoly-based
 experiences could call. It actually ran from Christmas Eve to Boxing Day and I just feel so devastatingly
 sorry for whatever intern was asked to perform that role. Guy Hasbro, it wasn't a recorded message,
 they said, we'll have experts on hand with the official rule books to instantly settle any disputes
 and advise on how to resolve common complaints. God, okay, so it's Christmas day. You're in
 intern, you have to work and you're sat by the phone. Would you rather no one called you or someone
 called you to talk to you about monopoly? Oh God, it's Sophie's choice, isn't it? I'd rather go directly
 to jail to be honest with you. I was reading some monopoly strategy and I'm sure there was a
 basically an article in the New York magazine with the headline, you don't hate monopoly, you just
 suck at it and said the reason we hate it is we can't play it properly. But if everyone can play
 it properly then we all suck at it again because there are only so many key skills and tricks
 you can get. But the main things they say are if you're after the oranges it's good to stay in jail
 because there's more chance of rolling a double and completing your set. When there are not so many
 properties available it's good to sit in jail because then you don't have to pay any rent and they
 were very cross about the, some people play a version where you collect the money from fines if
 you land on free parking and they are very angry about that because apparently it messes with the
 game and makes it more random. Oh it's the only joy of monopoly is going to pick up that money and I
 hate the people who won't hate it. Well you hate the people who use the actual rules of monopoly on it.
 I hate them. You need that hot life. I read an article with the 2015 UK Championship winner Natalie
 Fitzsimmons and she gave her tips of how to win monopoly and this is, I mean I think this is terrible
 what she does. So she basically goes and buys all of the properties she can and then mortgages them all
 and so she gets the money back but she doesn't collect any rent but it doesn't matter because the rent
 is so small and then she collects one group and then puts four houses on each of those groups. She
 doesn't put a hotel on there or anything like that and then she tries to get into jail for as long
 as possible. And apparently this is the best technique to win the game. Wow. It's amazing. And another
 thing she says is sometimes you can get instead of mortgaging them all you get a few different groups
 and then you always put four houses on each so there's not enough houses left for anyone else to build
 houses. Well you just run out the pieces of the game. Yeah there's not enough houses in the box
 for everyone to put four houses on each thing. So if you put four and all yours it stops anyone
 else from being able to do it. That can't be in the rules. It is. You run out of houses. Oh my
 it is the rules. It's the rules. So when we were younger we used to just put like a thimble instead
 of a house but that we were doing it wrong. Oh my god. Wow. That's amazing. I suppose that's
 realistic. Yeah. If you run out of building materials you can't replace them with the thimble.
 That's true. We've actually never mentioned it on this podcast although I think we have one QI
 the origin story of monopoly. So basically there's this guy Charles Darrow and if you go on the
 monopoly website actually if you look at find the history which I think they've buried
 deeper than it used to be. There's Charles Darrow who dreamed up monopoly in the 1930s and this
 guy Darrow went around saying he'd just come up with it. In one interview someone said you know
 where did it come from and he had no origin story he just said it was like magic it just came to
 me. So in fact what happened and this was only really uncovered in the 1970s was that there was a woman
 about 30 years early in 1903 called Elizabeth McGee and she sounded so awesome she was very unusual
 a proper self-made woman who was independently made living she was a secretary she wrote poetry
 and short stories she did stand up comedy. She once came second in a beauty contest.
 And you wouldn't have thought that someone so fun would invent monopoly but she did she called it
 the landlord's game and the whole point of it at the time was that it exposed the folly of capitalism
 so there were two sets of rules there was the anti-monopolis rule where everyone is rewarded for the
 wealth that they create and then there was the monopoly rule where you build up monopolies and
 crush your opponents and she didn't quite mean for humanity to fully embrace the second one
 and decide that was the one we wanted to play but she played it and she showed it to her friends and
 it caught on and eventually you know quite a few people played it in a certain part of the state
 and it reached Charles Darrow through a friend and he sort of like slightly tweaked it and
 published it claimed the patent sorted he's a hero wow that's terrible he needs to go straight to jail
 we're going to have to move on in second I just have one thing I went off on a bit of a tangent here
 because it was about jumanji and I was and this what this guy didn't like about monopoly was a fact you couldn't go
 into the game you know and experience it so I was looking up by the kind of going into immersive
 reality experiences and I just came across this short story that I read and it's called pigmalion
 spectacles from 1935 and I think it's the earliest reference to virtual reality sort of 3D amazing
 experience glasses so it's by this guy called Stanley Weinbaum and it starts out with a man who's
 a bit drunk at a party and stumbles out to the street meets a professor who says wouldn't you love to
 see a film that was really realistic caught a bear in mind this is the 1930s so the guy was like yeah
 but that could never exist and he said what if I give you these glasses and this chap puts on the
 glasses and suddenly he can see here feel taste and smell everything and he has this incredible
 adventure and it's really really exciting and then he takes the glasses off and he's like fuck that
 was magic and then the professor says it's not actually I just dip these glasses in a chemical
 electrical solution which did all the audio input and the woman you fell in love with is actually
 my niece she's an actress like in one of these immersive reality things okay but what I wanted to
 tell you was um he said so the guy was like how did you make all the trees seem so real you know
 it was like jamanji he was in a forest and he said oh the trees they are simply now what do you
 think they were uh toilet brushes incorrect and do you might know moss it was boss no way
 our club moss is enlarged by a lens now I don't know if we have mentioned openly on the podcast
 before but Andy's been insisting for years that club moss looks exactly like trees and now this is
 vindication vindication okay it's time for fact number three and that is James okay my fat
 this week is that there is a man in Brazil who nobody is allowed to go within five miles of
 and is this a he hasn't showered for a long time it's not a social isolation well it is a social
 isolation thing but not a um and actually it is on government advice as well so it's kind of similar
 to what's happening but he is the last survivor of an uncontacted tribe he lives in the Amazon
 rainforest and basically what happened in Brazil for a long time is these people who are living in
 the rainforests they would try and contact them and try and assimilate them into modern life
 and obviously um or maybe not obviously but I think we now know that that is not a particularly good
 idea because basically you're bringing pathogens over there you you're kind of destroying the
 ways of life they lose their languages they lose their culture stuff like that and so the current
 idea is a thing called policy of no contact where you just let people live their lives you don't have
 to get in touch with them you don't have to give them stuff if they want to come to you they will
 come to you if they need stuff they'll come to you and get it but you need to leave them on their
 own and so there is this one guy who's living on his own it seems he's the last member of the tribe
 and in 2007 Brazil declared a 31 square mile area around him to be completely off limits for anyone
 else so no one else is allowed to go there and it was later expanded by 11.5 square miles so
 about 3,000 hectares and now you are definitely not allowed to go anywhere in that area because you'll
 be disturbing his way of life wow yeah so cool did the government have to keep proving that he
 exists that's a good point actually I think the last time they saw him was a few years ago but I think
 they do have ethnologists who go there every now and then just checking up to see to see what's
 happening because he builds lots of different huts from place to place and goes from one place to
 another he makes traps for animals which he then eats and he also makes markings on trees which
 they think maybe some kind of spiritual thing so he's constantly using his environment for various
 things and so you can see when he's moving around and what he's doing doesn't he also dig quite
 deep holes and people are because obviously nobody can ask him they're not quite sure whether that's
 for him as shelter whether it's a trap for animals whether it's something spiritual it's quite mysterious
 yeah so weird is that where they call him the man of the whole yeah we haven't said that he's
 called the man of the whole actually but that's that is one of the things they call him yeah
 James if this guy moves does the zone of exclusion move with him so could he move to the center of
 the genera and everyone would have to go you are absolutely right this is one from the metal floor
 with the way that I've worded by fact no one is allowed to go within five miles of him if he stands
 in the middle of his range oh yeah I mean so if he goes to right to the edge of the area which
 has been given to him then actually you could stand right next to him you could stand within two
 metres of him if he happens to be standing at the edge of that area okay otherwise it would be
 tragic if he ever tried to make contact people just sprinting away screaming yeah but I guess that's
 nice because then if he wants to greet people and meet someone he can go to the end and there are
 people there exactly that yeah because I was I was reading about the Centre Lee's Islanders
 and they are basically hardly anyone has had contact with them there was a group of anthropologists
 who made two trips to try and make contact and the one way they managed to do it was they went
 in their boat and they floated coconuts over to the island and the islanders don't have coconuts so
 they took them and that was sort of like a beginning of a barter system and then when they went back
 they were not quite so keen the next time so they sort of trying to make contact if people want to
 make it but not to impose yourself yeah especially you don't want to with the Centre Lee's because they're
 famously they're not I wouldn't say unfriendly I'd say quite murderous of strangers I read one
 thing about those guys that if you go onto their island and they don't want you to be there the
 first thing they'll do is turn their back on you and go down on their haunches and pretend to defecate
 and that is kind of they're putting two fingers up saying fuck off get out fire island kind of thing
 and then if you don't pay he to that then they'll start firing arrows at you and and try and kill you
 that's really interesting but can you imagine the slight shame of the anthropologists who went
 all the way there I've been like we're going to do it we found a way to make contact and then they say
 and what happens they buried their bombs and pretended to defecate you can't really use us you can't
 give a big lecture to a based on moaning I don't think do you know if you um google map north
 Sentinel island which is where they live uh it's you can zoom right in and you will see there's
 actually a bar there so yeah uh going to go it's a curry house and bar it's got a series of five
 star reviews and uh at the moment there is a sign underneath it that says hours may be affected
 by covid-19 which is understandable um but so the reviews include a good getaway especially given
 current events did a good but interrupted by arrows and death threats from wages uh so what is
 it is a joke guys it's a google joke it was actually uh someone sent it to me a guy called Harry
 Johnston wrote in a fan of the podcast saying have you seen this about a year ago wow wow that's a
 curry house and bar yeah so give it a visit don't um I also went on google maps for this area where
 this guy is living the Brazilian guy um and it's an area called valet do havari a lot of people call it
 like one of the last unexplored areas of the world but actually of course lots of people live there
 because you have lots of amazonian tribes who live there but if you go on google maps and you
 search for it it's basically just a gray square and then you can zoom out and zoom out and zoom out
 and zoom out and it's still just a gray square with like a river going through it and there's
 literally nothing and you can zoom out to about the size of like England and Wales and you can still
 not see any towns or anything it's just a gray square it's absolutely amazing but in this area
 there is a mountain called uh pico de neblina and this is the highest mountain in Brazil
 and no one knew it existed until the 1950s wow that is how isolated this is the tallest mountain in
 the whole country is there and no one knew it was there it's really good that's very cool and in theory
 what happened is someone was flying over it in an aeroplane and thought there's a big mountain
 there where it's not supposed to be and they went maybe someone could check this out and then
 they measured it and it was way taller than anywhere else that's awesome um I was having a look at
 other remote places places that hard to get to and do you know there's a section of america where
 they still receive their post by mule it's part of the official us postal service um there is an
 Indian reservation at the bottom of the Grand Canyon and so it's hard to get helicopters down there
 and if it's windy they can't fly at all but the mules go whatever the weather every day
 so they go by car by road to the edge of the Grand Canyon and then it is a three-hour trip down by
 mule uh down to the bottom it's a post he called Charlie Chamberlain it's his job and he they basically
 anything you can put a stamp on they will take they take food they take supplies they take post
 and they have got a jug that if you want the express service they just let one of the mules
 go free and run to the bottom i would have thought the express service would be throwing a mule
 off the edge of the Grand Canyon it's a highly trained special mules anti that's a mule
 I was looking up the other loneliest people in the world people like this so um you're there's one
 person who missed Neil Armstrong saying this is one small step for man one giant leap for mankind
 guess what it was uh Michael Collins it was Michael Collins Michael Collins was on the other side
 of the moon and could not get that line so so many other people in the world would have had access
 to that and people keep asking Michael Collins who's still alive um about his isolation because
 for 76 hours when Armstrong and Aldrin were on the moon Collins was orbiting and for 48 minutes
 every two hours he was on the far side of the moon so he was completely out of contact with everybody
 and you know there was there was only one person on that side of the moon out of three billion people
 on the other side of the moon um and he keeps being uh but he's so he's now enraged anytime
 anyone asks him so he says um he keeps being asked mr. Collins weren't you the loneliest man in the
 whole lonely history of this lonely planet by your lonely self behind the lonely moon and this
 lonely orbit weren't it terribly lonely and he says he was really happy he had nobody
 admission control weren't yak and away in his ear he was absolutely delighted out there yeah sounds
 like that journalist could have done with the sorceress yeah I think the person who's got the Guinness
 world record for the most isolated person is the other guy I can't I can't remember this is just
 from memory but is the other person Al Warden Alam Warden yeah who also went around the back of the
 moon didn't really why does he get the record I think he was there for longer okay while they were
 exploring cool it was three days it's kind of a it's kind of a kind of a burn on him and his social
 life to give him again a world record for loneliest dude ever do you not think it's quite a good lie
 in a bar is go hi I'm I'm the world's loneliest man what is that a pickup line do you think it's a bit
 needy it's a bit intense as an ice break yeah I was reading about life in the Amazon did you know
 that there are no bridges across the Amazon river the whole river no it's the longest I've
 the longest all the second longest river in the world depending on how you measure it and there's
 no bridges across a whole thing and do you know why that is it's because it's massive what is that
 oh you mean it's a massive river because it's wide it's right because it's wide yeah yeah it's not
 always wide it's wide that it's mouth but it's narrower at its source isn't it yeah obviously it's
 narrower in the source I know that I'm just saying I don't you know it's most of it seems pretty
 big to me well I guess you're kind of half right hang on I wish surely we can work this out
 is it because the bits where it's narrow enough to put a bridge across it's protected or sacred
 territory no not really it's more that in the bits where it's narrow enough to put a bridge across
 no one lives there so it's basically you know at the mouth of the river there are few cities and
 really it's too wide there to to put bridges across really it's kind of super wide
 but in where it gets bit narrower no one lives there and there's a few kind of boat crossings
 and stuff like that but really there's no roads so why would you need a bridge Jesus I can't
 believe there's none in between zone yeah you'd think so wouldn't you that's an amazing fact yeah
 isn't it cool yeah do you know that there's a bridge over the Atlantic is this another Boris Johnson
 fantasy yeah there is over the whole Atlantic no go on so I was on holiday on the west coast of
 Scotland and we will go and that was one of the local attractions so it's a it's a stream that comes
 off the Atlantic so they claim it as the bridge over the Atlantic's it's the same bit and I thought
 that was amazing so my head it's from Cornwall to New York what do what do you mean it as a stream
 it's a bit of water that comes off the I can't remember the details I didn't get actually get to
 visit it so I sat there did not get the information guide they claim it as the bridge in the Atlantic
 what do you do do you go and look at it or do you yeah and you can walk across it right yeah well
 if I'd gone I could answer all these questions so you know I think Anne's parents took her on holiday
 and told her they'd been to America when in fact they had been to the small stream on the west coast
 of Scotland but she walked across the bridge no we didn't we didn't get to go Anna this is my dream
 you didn't even get to go we went near the bridge over the Atlantic amazing one more thing about
 living in the Amazon one issue is they have piranhas but what do you think would happen if you
 actually tried to swim with piranhas I know go on Anna you got your hand up if you fall in a river
 that's full of piranha they'll strip off your skin like your skin and banana there's no time
 for screaming there's no time for groans in 45 seconds you're nothing but bones that was an
 amazing bit of improv thank you very much what's that for I just happen to know the answer to your
 question what what is it from that it is a random poem from my childhood and I'm sorry scientifically
 accurate what really happens I'm really sorry for whoever wrote that poem but that's not true
 oh god piranhas they're kind of scared of big animals they don't really want to go near you if you
 fall in the water and you don't bother them they'll just hide away and they don't want to go anywhere
 near you now if they're in the dry season whether not getting any food or if they're in the breeding
 season then you might have a bit more problem but really they're more like vultures they're more like
 scavengers so if a bit of dead meat goes in there they'll go after it but if a human goes in there
 they'll think it might be something trying to attack them and they'll just hide away oh really
 so most of the time you'll be completely safe if you fall in the piranha pool and another kind of
 type of piranha that definitely won't kill you is the vegetarian piranha which is a thing that
 exists there is a species of piranha that is a vegetarian and they just eat seeds and fruit
 and stuff that falls into the water but those those those guys they seem innocuous but they can
 strip a courgette right down in 45 seconds there is a hermit in Scotland just while we're on
 the subject of lonely people okay and he's obviously he's playing amateur league hermitine if he's
 in Scotland it's supposed to in the middle of completely nowhere but he he's quite elderly he's
 called Ken Smith and he was injured this year by a log pile falling on him but he was rescued
 via Texas so he has an emergency beacon on him and he can press a button and it flags up
 with an American satellite and it goes to a command post in Texas saying the hermit in Scotland has
 had a mishap they contact the coast guard in Scotland and they say one of your hermitines is injured
 and then they have to send out a team to go and chuck them but they just go over that bridge of
 the Atlantic don't they to go that's why they built it yeah but the amazing thing is that is the
 second time it's happened in two years he's been rescued from the consummation what what does he
 keep doing is he very clumsy he's got a wood pile and I guess it's improperly stacked because it
 keeps falling on him hey he's doing that all by himself is there's no one to help him build it safely
 I guess no true it's like a real you know how jamangia is a real life board game this is like the real
 life jenga that he's living okay it's time for the final factor the show and that is my fact my
 fact is that in 19th century Osaka flat residents owned the rights to their own urine but the
 rights of their poo belong to their landlord so yeah and tendency agreements must have looked
 absolutely awesome yeah much messier so this was a great article on a on dot com which I will
 try and put up on my Twitter and it's all about the relationships between humans and human
 excretions basically and how it's been used throughout history and the the kind of commercial
 arrangements that we've made over it and in 18th and 19th century Japan and particularly in
 the city of Osaka there were complicated arrangements because feces were used for fertilizer
 and if you lived in an apartment building the rights to your feces belong to the buildings owner who
 would have arrangements in place to sell that and it would be loaded onto ships and taken away
 but you owned your own we that was something you had so feces were valuable because they would help
 to grow crops so it would affect your rent if there were lots of people living in your flat then
 you would produce lots of poo for your landlord to sell and your rent would be slightly lower as a
 result whereas if you're single occupancy you'd pay slightly more not just because you got your own
 flat but also because you weren't producing enough of the the brown gold and could you say to your
 landlord if you're negotiating you know I eat a lot of curry I have quite extravagant bowel movements
 honestly you'll be getting triple the average for me so I don't think so. So I was talking to a
 friend of mine in Tokyo called John Perry he is a writer of quiz books and pretty much my go-to
 experts on Japanese history and he said that what you say is true but it's very slightly different
 in that it's not the landlords who had the rights to your poo it was like the managing agents
 because the landlords they would live miles and miles and miles away and would have nothing to do
 this they would own your house but they would really not be involved in your day-stay life
 and what would happen is you'd have these people who were called Uya and they would be slightly
 higher than the tenants in importance but not much higher but they had a full-time job where it was
 like looking after the house collecting the rent doing the repairs settling disputes stuff like that
 and they would be able to read and write whereas the tenants might not be able to read or write
 and they would take the poo and they would sell it and they would get the money but the money was
 kind of expected to be used it would pay their wages but it was also used for all the tenants as well
 so they would buy rice cakes for new year out of the money from the poo and so it would go it would
 all go back into the community all the poo money it's not cool and they're called Uya which sounds
 like the noise they would make as they're collecting your poo you'd walk into someone's bathroom go
 Uya that is that's a bad one it sounds like the noise you make while you're making the poo doesn't it?
 it does and you were saying about like if you've had a curry you would tell people or something
 honey yes well it's not what I was saying yeah it's not what you were saying but the the value of your
 night soil which is what they called it depended on how rich you were so if you were rich you had a
 really good diet and it meant that your poo was better as a fertilizer so you'd be able to sell it
 for more so it's kind of a monopoly thing whereas the rich get richer do you know what I mean yeah
 but you know in a kind of poo sense because they're if their poo is literally richer
 and each but this is not James a version of monopoly I would like to play I don't think I need to play
 19th century feudal Japan monopoly look there are two thousand five hundred different types of
 monopoly I haven't looked through the whole list for all I know there is a poo monopoly
 it would be called monopoly I'm sorry I just needed to say that it's good that you got it out
 yeah thank you in 1724 in osuka there was a fight that broke out over the collection rights to poo
 so there were two groups from the villages of Yamazaki and Takasuki and they had the rights to
 buy the poo from the the managing agents and then they would give them to the farmers but they
 kind of fought against each other and it turned into a massive riot in the city really a lot of
 kind of shits laying yes there was a lot of that going on and it was got so valuable people would
 steal it so people would just in the dead of night come into your apartment and steal all your poo
 I mean it sort of it depends on the scale of the crime doesn't it whether it's worth it for you
 because if you just go into I just wonder about someone walking into their living room in the
 morning after a night's sleep and looking at the the third cabinet and thinking oh my god we've been
 robbed was it stealing large consignment so I wonder that probably makes more sense than individual
 burglaries yeah I don't think they would just take a single stool from each house out there used
 to be quite a harsh penalties in Japan for it didn't there because it you know it was lucrative
 and we should say this continued for hundreds of years and still up until the 1980s people will go
 around to people's houses in Japan and in lots of the east actually so in China it was a huge thing
 as well but in Japan in the 1980s there were vacuum trucks that would drive around to your house
 and you plug them into your sewage tank I guess and they suck the poo out and then it's gone and it's
 sold but yeah China as well was used feces human feces to enrich their soil for many hundreds of
 years and it was crucial so a lot of people think that it was part of the reason that Chinese agriculture
 did really well in a time when a lot of western countries didn't and there was a soil scientist I
 think this is a new article Andy that you sent us a soil scientist in 1911 called FH King who
 estimated that over 180 million tons of human manure was collected annually in the far east to
 enrich the soil and now that equates to 1.2 kilos of poo per person per day which is quite a
 lot so we do wonder if he overestimated slightly even if you're efficiently collecting it from every
 single person that's it's a lot it's a lot you know earlier I mentioned the the bricks that you can
 make out of loufers yeah there's another way of making bricks out of human urine so this is another
 as they call it biobrick that you can produce and it's urine and living bacteria so you get urine
 you get sand you get bacteria you put it all in a brick-shaped mold and there is a chemical reaction
 which ensues and that gradually solidifies the brick kind of like baking a cake kind of like baking
 kind of kind of I don't fancy your chances on the great pictures bake off next year and for my show
 stopper I've made a piss brick but the really good thing about this is that astronauts might one day
 be able to piss their own moon bases that's how that's basically what you could do you go you take
 a load of the molds up there and you slowly you know we your own home into existence look so that
 means as the food on the space station is depleted the space station is being built around you presumably
 yes exactly yeah but you only get food or shelter right that's true yeah you're not very far
 up Maslow's pyramid of needs they do call it cake actually in like the biosolids that are used
 in all of our farming less we forget so sewage is picked up and it's treated and then it's often
 used as fertilizer but when they talk about the digest dates of basically poo and other types of
 matter like that they do refer to it as cake and it comes in these cake shaped and cake textured
 particles that um you know you order through a farmer so for the great British bake off you could say
 I'm going to be making a cake today yeah you could get away with it I think you would be voted down
 but you could call it a urinal cake and that has a that's like a triple meaning of the word cake
 they're always making cakes out there in the shape of weird things yeah yeah so you could make
 it could be in the shape of the urinal cake but it could be made of biosolids so it's almost
 it's like a trick you're getting one disgusting thing but you got one even more disgusting thing
 that's the half way through the first bite you think no don't worry guys I know this looks like
 your urinal cake it's actually a normal cake made of my piss bon apptit
 okay that's it that's all of our facts thank you so much for listening if you'd like to get in
 contact with any of us about the things that we've said we could be found on our Twitter accounts
 I'm on Andrew Hunter M James at James Harkin and at Miller underscore and and Anna you can email
 podcast at qi.com yes or you can go to no such thing as a fish.com where you can find all our
 previous episodes you can find merch you can find actually loads of previous episodes because
 all 320 odd are now online and available for you to listen to so that's it for this week we'll
 be back again next week with another one until then stay safe hope you're doing well and speak
 to you soon all right that's it bye I don't know how Dan does this so I've never listened to that
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
