 [Instrumental Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covered Garden. My name is Dan Triber. I am sitting here
 with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anna Chizinski, and James Harkin. And once again, we have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days. And in no particular
 order, here we go. Starting with my fact, my fact this week is that on July 13, 1930, Sir
 Arthur Conan Doyle headlined a show at the Royal Albert Hall, despite having died six days
 before. You couldn't be booed off stage, could you? You mean died in a physical sense,
 what died in how to really bad gig sense? Yeah, so basically what happened is that six
 days previous, Sir Arthur Conan Doyle had actually died. And his family were very spiritual,
 and they knew that they were going to be reunited with him in some way. And they thought why
 don't we put on effectively a family reunion gig at the Royal Albert Hall. And they did
 it as a partial memorial as well. So it was build as a memorial. However, the star bill
 at the top was that there was going to be a clairvoyant coming along. There was going
 to be an empty chair on the stage at the Royal Albert Hall. And his spirit would be summoned
 to give a message to say, it's all good. I'm on the other side. And it was, right? Okay,
 it rocks up. It showed up six and 6,000 people came to see it as well. Yeah. 6,000 people
 crowded the Albert Hall. Some numbers put it up at 10,000, but apparently it doesn't
 seat that many or stand that many. If you fit ghosts in, it's going to theoretically
 infinite capacity. No, I don't want to be kept in skeptical, Anna, but what do you mean
 he turned up? Oh, well, we have recorded evidence that he turned up. What I read about it is that
 the medium Estelle Roberts claimed that she'd seen Doyle sitting in his chair. And she conveyed
 a message from him, but apparently only his wife heard it. And everyone else was overpowered
 from a massive blast on the organ that was playing. It was an oddly typed blast of organ
 to mean that no one else could hear what was being said. Was anyone playing the organ or
 was it an organ played by a ghost? There was an organist build on the actual
 play bill. So it wasn't a ghost blast. No, it was just the organist being an idiot. No,
 I think the idea is that they wanted to keep the message in the end a bit private. And so
 they did that. It's really odd. The total moment that everyone waited like two hours or
 more. Yes, absolutely bizarre that they'd try and cover up to hear words of Arthur Conan
 Doyle speaking from Beyond the Grave. Just quickly, the medium Estelle Roberts, she had
 a spirit that she used to talk to called Red Cloud, who is a native American. He
 was wrongly predicted that World War II wouldn't happen and that it would all be fine. He said
 that and then obviously was wrong. But they did manage to catch him on photo once or twice,
 but it turned out always to look exactly like her wearing a hat. We had to predict that
 World War II won't happen. I think a lot of people predicted it might happen. And Red
 Cloud was like, no, it'll be fine. Conan Doyle's spirit guide said the opposite so that
 Conan Doyle and his wife, Jean, they had their home in Sussex, they had a spirit guide called
 Phineas, who I'm coizing here regularly predicted global catastrophe. And he also advised them
 on when they should move house and things like this. Supposedly on one occasion, Jean asked
 the local station master to reschedule a train that Arthur was going to take because her
 spirit guide had said it'll be better if the trains moved actually. I think it might have
 fitted with the diary. I don't know. Because he was a popular man, you never know. Yeah, maybe.
 You know, when he was a doctor before he became a writer and he had almost zero patients. His
 first one when he set up in Port Smith was a man who walked in and so Conan Doyle said, oh come in,
 come in, really excitedly. Showed him straight into his consultation room, sat him down and said,
 I can tell already by the way you're coughing that you've got some bronchial problems and the
 man said, no, sorry, I'm just coughing because I'm a bit nervous. I'm here to collect the gas
 bill that the previous tenant didn't pay off. Thus the home's method was born. So Conan Doyle very
 famously believed in fairies and he believed in contacting the dead and all of his family were very
 much apart of the same belief system. There was a time magazine article that was published on the
 21st of July. It was basically reviewing the gig, but it was also giving the background and the
 lead up to it. So they said that when Conan Doyle died, this is the words in the articles,
 Serotho's family cheerfully buried him because they were like, well, we'll see him in a few days,
 anyway. So that'll be fine. And it was really interesting in the period between the gig happening,
 they got lots of messages from people saying that Serotho Conan Doyle had got in contact and left
 their messages. And the sun said, we believe the people that they're not lying that spirits got in
 contact, but their spirits themselves are pranksters on the other side. And people like, what do you
 mean? They're prankster spirits who are pretending to be Conan Doyle and it's not our dad. It's just
 someone else. I think this is quite a pervasive thought about for people who believe in sayances
 and about spirits. There are a lot of pranksters. There's a really excellent book by Hillary Mantell,
 one of her earlier books called Beyond Black, where the idea is that sayances are all haunted by
 these bastard pranksters who are always just throwing shit at you and pretending to be your
 dead mom and then biting you in the face and stuff. But you would only really need one ghost to
 exist and he could do devices. If it was like a John Colchard ghost or something, who could do
 the voices of all the dead people who are ever there if there's just one prankster. So the thing
 about the medium is getting it wrong. This was a huge part of the relationship between Doyle and
 Houdini. Harry Houdini, yes, the escapologist. They were friends and Doyle believed and Houdini didn't
 and Houdini spent a lot of his time cheerfully unmasking fraudulent mediums and then Doyle talked
 Houdini into going to a sayance because Doyle's wife was a medium and she said Houdini, I've got great
 news. I'm in contact with your mother who's died and they talked him into it and then he went along
 and then Houdini's mum wrote a 15 page message to Houdini. Unfortunately, it was in perfect English,
 whereas Houdini's mum spoke almost no English. And it started with the sign of the cross and Houdini's
 mother was married to a rabbi and it was just, yeah, it wasn't very well done. It wasn't very well done.
 And that did break up their friendship really, didn't it? Which is a shame because they had one of these very
 good sparring relationships where Houdini was constantly trying to convince Conan Doyle that he
 wasn't magic and Conan Doyle was constantly trying to tell Houdini that Houdini was magic and then
 they sort of really fell out over this. Well, so you just probably didn't believe him that these
 were tricks. Yeah, he kept saying, Harry, honestly, you've got amazing powers, embrace it and Houdini's
 going, no, this is how I do it. But yeah, he called Conan Doyle's beliefs hogwash and apple sauce,
 which I enjoy is insults. Before he was an escapologist, he was the wild man and he would live in a cage
 and eat pieces of meat. What's he? Yeah, he was he and his wife absolutely broke and they had to do
 anything they could to get work. So that was one of the acts that he had. Oh my god. Would he then
 break out of the cage using? No, no, no, no. Oh my god. So have you heard of Marjorie Crandon? No.
 She's one of the best ever fraudulent mediums and Houdini had this huge vendetta against her.
 She performed very scantily clad and on one occasion, supposedly, she emitted ectoplasm from
 her vagina. As you do. That's kind of what happened. Yeah. Well, were she embarrassed by that?
 I don't think so. Because usually it comes from your ear or your nostril, right?
 Well, it basically comes from anywhere you hide it. Yes. So you get a load of ectoplasm and it's
 made out of egg whites and wood chip or whatever and you hide it in your various ore facies around
 your body and then it comes out of the wood chip. I think it's made of woodchip is in that. I sawdust.
 Sawdust. Really? Marjorie supposedly had some made of butchers awful, which she was pulling out of it.
 I mean, I imagine that butchers awful is like intestines. Yeah, yeah. Like you would pull flags
 out of a top hat or something. Yes, if she did that. If she did that. Clags with lambs intestines
 and the top hat with a vagina. That's exactly, I'm never booking that lady for my children's party again.
 So yeah, so Houdini cancelled his own shows to travel across the country to attend her
 sayances and try to debunk her. I found a really cool sayance thing. The connection between
 alcoholics anonymous and sayances. So Bill Wilson, who's the founder of alcoholics anonymous,
 he was massively into sayances. He used to go to them all the time and he had in his own house,
 he had a spook room and the spook room is where he would go into and that's where he'd chat to
 spirits. And actually, he claimed that the famous 12 steps that alcoholics anonymous has, he actually,
 he wrote this in his autobiography as well, that he led, he got led to creating that as an idea
 because he was talking to a 15th century monk called Boniface. No, yeah, same place, same place.
 And that's why step number seven of the 12 is, yeah, so he, and as far as the idea,
 we were sitting around in a room, around a table and and sharing things and that led to a very
 similar situation for alcoholics anonymous. Really? I didn't know that. Do you know who named
 Ouija Boards? Parker Brothers? No, Ouija Boards, named Ouija Boards. So Ouija Boards, they became,
 they became quite popular sayances became very popular in the 19th century and people started
 using something like Ouija Board at about the 1880s, but it didn't have a name and of about four
 investors got together in 1890 and decided, you know, they had to find out a name for the Ouija Board.
 So they called in their, one of their spiritualist sisters and they gathered around it and they
 asked the Ouija Board, what do you want to be called? And it spelled out Ouija. So the fact that it's
 also the words for yes in French German. No, that really is irrelevant, I think. I think that's a myth.
 No, you're right, Anna, your theory is much better. So the truth was that the woman,
 the spiritualist who said that the board was spoken to her was wearing a locket at the time, a picture of
 a woman who was called Ouija. So she got the idea from that. I've never done a Ouija Board. I've never
 done any of this stuff. It's too scary. That's not quite the reason I haven't done it. They used to use
 Ouija Boards for contacting a life people mostly, didn't they? Very well, well, one, I think, they were
 used to contact soldiers on the front. So families would say, how's it going over there? And then the
 soldier would supposedly talk to them? Well, they not rumbled when their sons came home from war and
 their mum was like, how dare you speak to me like you did last year. Mum, I believe you lost it.
 I believe you flung all that ectoplasm across the room. Didn't even know you had a vagina.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Chuzinski. My fact is that Dutch trains are fitted
 with lasers to fire at leaves on the line. That is amazing. Is it how I imagine? So it's like,
 I'm imagining actually a steam train at the moment, but it's got a massive laser on the front
 and it's firing like green lasers at and then kind of vaporizing them. Yeah, it's just like that.
 It also makes the noise, it's got a giant pair of eyes shooting lasers a hundred metres ahead. No,
 it hasn't. Sorry guys, this is, they're a little bit smaller than that. It's definitely the same principle,
 but they're tiny little lasers that are attached to the wheels and they just shoot and vaporize leaves
 on the track just in front of the wheels. So they're quite small, but this is still in trial stage,
 I think, and it started in 2014 and it's because leaves on the line is a massive problem and it's
 just a more efficient way of cleaning them up. So other ways of getting leaves off the line like
 jets of water or jets of sand cause a bit of damage to the line and because lasers have a really
 tiny wavelength, they get absorbed by the leaves, but the rails are completely unaffected by them,
 so you can fire a laser at a rail forever and never and nothing will happen. I think the first time
 they started investigating this method was in 1999. Yes. And the original laser burned at 5,000 degrees
 Celsius and fired 25,000 times a second, but the vibrations of the train meant that it wasn't accurate
 enough. So that was one of the bombs at first. And after thousands of deaths, they decided to rethink,
 "No leaves killed." Trees prospered as humanity perished. No, this is, so the guy who came up with
 this idea was a man called Malcolm Higgins who was a raw Navy Lieutenant Commander and he had
 no experience in lasers and no experience in trains. No, because he was in the Navy.
 Don't, don't, he's in that much on ships. And he was just the radio one day, I think, and thought,
 "Leaves on the line, I bet I know what could fix that, a laser." And he looked into it and set up this
 company called Laser Thor. And it turns out it is better than the other methods in a lot of ways,
 but you're right because of the slight wobble of trains. The laser is sometimes misfired,
 whereas if you fire a jet of water, it just gets anything that's in its way. But it's been adjusted
 for now in the Dutch version. And so it seems like it's working like a dream. We haven't said why
 leaves on the line are a bad thing. Yeah, they are. They are. No, why? Oh, why? So they turn into a
 black mulch, don't they? Yeah. Sorry, Andy, Andy wanted to say why I thought you were asking me,
 but you just wanted to show up that you knew. Sorry, forgive me for bringing you back to the same.
 Go on. No, no, no, if I can showboat for a second, I have to read out a fact.
 Yep, no, take, take the stage. So what happens is when the, so it's when you're going to leave on the
 line, it's the previous train goes over it and crushes it. The leaves release the thing called pectin,
 which is the stuff that the food industry uses as a gel to make jams and jellies. So that's what
 happens. So the train, so it means it slows down the deceleration of the train. So the train basically
 the train can't break very effectively. And that's dangerous. So they have to go much more slowly.
 Does that mean that this vaporising by lasers of the leaves is going to reduce the quantities
 of jam available to us? I think that jam companies don't principally sort the jam from railway
 lines. The jam harvests every year is a little chertian running along railway lines scooping up
 this supermarket to show you got the strawberry raspberry trade. So they are a huge problem and I
 do feel bad for things like network rail because we take the piss. But I think 4.5 million hours
 of passenger delays roughly a year, a cause by leaves on the rails. The cost of repairing tracks
 because of leaf issues or repairing trains is 10 million a year and then another 5 million for
 the vegetation management. And the only reason they were there in the first place is because people
 who were building railways wanted to protect people who lived nearby from the sounds. So they planted
 lots and lots of trees next to them and turns out that was a real boi. You know these aren't the only
 lasers that are used on trains. There's another train that shoots out lasers that we have in the UK.
 It's called the flying banana. This is an Arthur Conan drill hallucination. This is real. It goes all
 the way up and down the UK rail networks and what it's doing is checking the quality. So using lasers
 and cameras of the tracks. They're making sure that the tracks are just still as strong, still as good.
 Why did they call it the flying banana? Because it's yellow. Oh, okay. So it looks a bit like a banana.
 And they mean flying and going quickly rather than actually flying.
 Yeah. So like a flying banana to me. Do we know if it's curved? We don't know. We don't know.
 No, it won't be because how would it go in the tracks? Like the one thing about trains is they have
 to be straight. You can put a banana on wheels. It's only the wheels that need to be straight, James.
 That's true. If you put a big enough axle and gauge on a standard banana, you could have a train
 that was just a banana on wheels. Yeah, I agree with that. But on the other hand, if you're
 checking the rail, you really want it to be pretty much the size and shape of a train.
 Too small as well, bananas. You don't get bananas the size of trains.
 Well, I'm going to take the example from the Navy Man, and I'm going to set up a company.
 I should say the real name of that train is the new measurement train.
 I could see what they had to come up with a nickname for it.
 But yeah, so it checks strength in the joins and overhead cables. And so it just makes sure it's
 the maintenance train, basically. Do you know what the fastest train ever in North America was?
 Oh, no. Okay, it was called the M497 Black Beetle, and it was basically a normal train that they put
 two jet engines on. I fired it down the tracks. Cheezing? Yeah, well, it is. But for a while, it was
 thought that this might be the future, and they did it in Russia, and they did it in America.
 But the problem was, basically, if they crashed, everyone died. So it was incredibly dangerous,
 but they did go really fast, and they do technically work. Isn't that how all trains work,
 that if they crash, everyone dies? No, they work. Do you think everyone's died in every single train crash?
 I always make sure to get off before the last stop, because I assume it just goes into a wall.
 What we've talked about the phrase, haven't we? Getting off a gate set is slang for
 the withdrawal method in sex, because gate set is the second last stop on the line before Newcastle.
 I thought it was for premature ejaculation. I think that's being thrown off the train at gate set,
 whether you want to do it or not. I should just finish off this. Yeah, basically, the reason is,
 because you've got two massive engines on, and it's going so fast that it's used a lot of fuel,
 and any kind of accident is going to be pretty fatal. Should we do some stuff quickly on lasers?
 Yeah. Do you know what the world's largest laser is? No, the world's biggest laser. It was made
 in Osaka, University, and Japan, and it has the power of 2,000 trillion watts. That's two
 petawatts, and it's very short amount of time that it does it, and that's a billion times more powerful
 than floodlights in a football stadium. It's about the same as all the power that the sun gives to
 London every year. What they do with that is they fire it for a very small amount of time on some
 matter, and it turns it into plasma. Plasma is what we think it's a state of matter, and it's what we
 think, 99% of everything in the universe is made out of, but we can't really make it on Earth,
 because it's quite hard to make unless you use this massive laser. So we're just trying to turn the
 remaining one percent into plasma as well. The poor desperate one percent. Still clicking on.
 That's very cool. Can I tell you about my favorite laser out there? It doesn't exist yet. It's been
 proposed, but I would love it if this was made. So there's a lot of debate about the fact that we're
 transmitting stuff into space, and people like Stephen Hawking has said, "Let's stop trying to tell
 any potential life out there that we're here because they might use us as a resource." It's oddly,
 it appears in the news a lot, but it's just been seeing Independence Day 2. It does make sense,
 because of all the life forms in the universe, let's assume there are others. It's pretty unlikely
 we're going to be the smartest, and you know what happens when smarter so-called communities
 reach less smart communities. Yeah, the less smart ones get pushed around. Exactly. I personally experienced
 it every week of this podcast. So two astronomers at Columbia University have taken this seriously,
 and they've developed the idea of two lasers that we would put out into space, and what we would do
 is we would blast a continuous 30 megawatt laser for about 10 hours once a year, and what that would
 do is it would cloak us into invisibility from any outside planets that we're looking for light,
 the knitting, and whatever it is that you look for you. It's like an invisibility shield,
 and it wouldn't use that much energy. It would only use about 70 American homes worth of energy
 for that one 10 hour blast per year. So just 70 families in America just have to do without television.
 No, that surely that wouldn't work. What would these aliens think? They've managed to see all the way
 over to where we are, but there doesn't seem to be a planet there, despite the fact that all the
 gravity of all the other planets seems to say that there is a planet there. Suddenly,
 there are episode of friends just cut out. I don't know. Suppose there's nobody there.
 Yeah, I didn't see this. I think if they're smart enough to get to kind of look over here,
 then they're smart enough to realize that that was a trick. That's true, unless they haven't spotted
 us yet. You're going to say two big lasers, one saying piss, and the other saying, oh,
 okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andrew Hunter Murray. My fact is that to avoid
 catching malaria, you should carry a chicken with you at all times live chicken. It can't be a KFC
 bucket. Are you sure? Is it? Does because it's something to do molecules that it gives off or something?
 Yeah, so there have been some scientists from Ethiopia and Sweden who've been doing trials on this,
 and they're preparing more trials at the moment. They did experiments where they suspended a live
 chicken in a cage near people sleeping in under a bed net. Do they warn the people sleeping,
 or do they wake up in the morning and freak out? They warn them. So it's a particular kind of
 malaria mosquitoes, anopheles, Arabiensis, and it's been discovered. They avoid chickens,
 and so the scientists are working on extracting the chemicals from the chickens which give off the
 chickeny smell, and then you'll just be able to spray this around, and you won't get malaria, which
 is a smell of delicious chicken. Exactly, yeah. Then people will start eating you instead.
 What? Yeah, so this is about how great chickens are and all the things they do for us that we don't
 get incredible. Yeah, yeah, that's really amazing. That's incredible, yeah. Do you know you get some
 chickens which are half male and half female? Really? Yeah, and they're split down the middle,
 all the cells on the left hand side are male, and all the cells on the right hand side are female.
 So they have, you know, cox combs on one side and sort of big fighting spurs that male cox have,
 and on the right they have much dainty, more hen-like features. Large breasts. Large breasts, yeah.
 So do they lay half eggs? I don't know, that's an amazing question.
 If you're not really hungry, but you do. They could just eat half an egg.
 They've got a lot of hybrid chickens. But they look different, they're plumage is completely
 different. Wow, it's amazing. It's called bilateral guy Nandromov, something. Yes they are.
 And they're, I think you get them in butterflies, I've seen them in butterflies as well,
 so half of them look like they're one color and half of them look like they're another color.
 I think chickens can change their sex camp. I've heard that as well. I remember hearing about a
 fighting cock once who was a female and then changed their sex halfway through all the other way
 around. But then all the, it was the other way around because then all the cox would see this
 like hen and think, oh well this is going to be easy, but actually she had all the aggression
 of a male cock and would just absolutely kill. Wow. So it turns out you should
 pit a fighting hen against a fighting cock. Yeah, but they just don't have that kind of aggression
 that can. Okay. Another possible cure for malaria or sorry not a cure for malaria, a
 malaria prevention trick is spiders. So there's a spider that prays specifically on the Inoffice
 Mosquito, which is the jumping spider. And it's been found that they're attracted to smelly
 socks or smelly human clothes like smelly underwear. And so it's, there's a thought that you could
 leave your smelly clothes, just not wash your clothes, leave them in your house, attract jumping
 spiders into your house. And by having them there they'll get rid of the malaria mosquitoes.
 And instead you'll just be infested with spiders. Wow, that's amazing. It's very interesting
 because they used to eat spiders webs to get rid of malaria, which presumably didn't work at all,
 but yeah, I don't think so. Yeah, they used to give you tablets full of spiders webs,
 and you would take those and they would help. And there was another thing that you,
 you would carry around walnuts, I think empty walnuts with little spiders inside them,
 and that would supposedly stop the malaria from getting you. Of course, none of these works.
 But interesting. I think that was up to the 20th century in Italy, yeah, but they thought the
 thing would go to the world. To the 20th century. Very early 20th century, they thought the
 thing with the mosquito bite, the walnut or the spider inside it. And also, I read that around
 the same time in Italy, a doctor would sew a live millipede into the clothes of the sufferer,
 without telling the sufferer. And that would also stop them from getting malaria somehow.
 Wow. So people walking around with live millipedes in their clothes have no idea.
 Did you know that you can, and Japanese students have recently, fertilised a shop bought chicken egg
 and grown it into a chick, which I thought wasn't possible. What do you mean? So this was to see
 if they could grow embryo outside of it shell completely. And there's video of this again online,
 and these Japanese students literally bought this egg, cracked it into a cup, fertilised it,
 so they bought the required sperm, I guess, male sex stuff to fertilise it. That's what we call it.
 And they, yeah, they fertilised it, they covered it with sort of cling film, and it grew into a chick,
 isn't that weird. So you could watch it, you could watch all the vessels develop, if you look at the
 video, you can see this egg that you would fry in a pan, turn into a chick. That is amazing. That's
 extraordinary. So do they do, no, they don't start as yolk in all cases, right? No, the yolk is
 both eats some food, yeah, okay, right. Cool. So do they think that we and chickens both eat chicken yolk?
 Oh yes. Well, we and cows both drink milk. What? We and sharks both eat fish.
 Mind blown, Andy. Yeah, if you look in an egg, there's like a little tiny bit attached to the yolk,
 and that's what would be the actual true egg, and the rest of it is just for, well, you sometimes get a
 little red bit, don't you, in the yolk? Yeah, yeah. I'm speaking of male sex stuff. So female chickens,
 they have sperm storage tubules, these called SSTs, they can keep male sperm alive inside them for up to
 15 weeks. That's cool. Wow, it's way longer than mammalian sperm can survive. A lot of animals that do
 that, it's so that they have a choice whether to, what's the word, fertilize? Yeah, yeah.
 Whether it's fertilize on that, is that true, chicken? It's true of hence, and they can, they can eject
 inferior roosters sperm after sex. Brilliant, I want to see that. They eject up to 80% of the stuff they
 receive. Wow. No, no, thank you. I want to see a rooster have sex with a hen and go, and that go,
 was that good view? And her go, yeah, yeah, it was great. It walks 10 meters down the road, and then
 it gets splattered, and she goes, just kidding, it was terrible. Okay, it is time for our final
 fact of the show, and that is James. Okay, my fat this week is that all of the sandals won by the
 Pueblo people of New Mexico had enough space for six toes. Wow. Yeah. Did any of them have six toes?
 It was just a very bad shoemaker. It just kind of counts. So 3% of them had six toes, which is a lot higher
 than normal. Yeah. Normally it would be probably less than 1%. And it was the fact that they thought that
 people with six toes were especially good, and they were revered, and they were thought to be great,
 and they were associated with like important rituals and things like that. And so having six toes
 was good, and so researchers who have looked at the place where they live have found loads of sandals,
 loads of sandal shaped stones, loads of pictures of sandals, and all of these have an extra toe.
 Wow. That's incredible. So that kind of implies that the other 97% were pretending they had six toes.
 Maybe they were all wearing the six toe sandals. Yeah, maybe they have like little fake toes that
 they used to stick on. Yeah, a little bit of play do. Can I just ask when were they around?
 Okay, so they've been, they're actually still around the descendants of these people, the hoppy
 nace for reckons are supposed to be descended from them. But these particular times that looking
 at an area of a canyon in New Mexico, and they were living around 700 AD, 800 AD. So just over a
 thousand years ago. Okay. And the other thing is that they found that it's about 3% of the population
 had six toes, but it could be actually that it wasn't that high. The bodies that we find are ones
 that have been especially buried, and it might be just the more revered people who have been buried.
 So maybe they had a normal incidence of toes, but we just know about them more because we only see
 the special people. Yeah. Okay. They found a skeleton, haven't they, where the, the foot, which has
 six toes has a special ornamental anklet worn around it, as if to say, check out my six toes.
 And the other foot, which has only got five toes on it, has no such decoration. There's more
 another strut of evidence that I did it. This was a revered trait. Yeah. You know how you're saying
 it might attract the opposite of sex. Yeah. Not the opposite of sex. Oh, the opposite of the opposite
 of sex. Sex. But is there anything in, in genetics that if your mum and dad had six toes that
 you're in any way likely to inherit six toes? Yeah. Really? It's a genetic trait. Yeah. So we could
 actually just, within one generation, make new different humans. I mean, if we forced six
 toes and we were able to breed with each other in a kind of weirdly awful dystopian way, I guess we could.
 Yeah, but if we decided it was more practical for humans going forward to have six toes, we could
 actually just do that within. Well, it takes a long time. It doesn't, I don't think it was one
 generation. You're not going to have to, like Clarks, don't need to worry. You know who else has six
 fingers? Um, pandas. Oh, yeah. They all have this sort of extra little thummy protrusion on the opposite
 side from their first thumb. Right. It helps them to grip bamboo and it helps with support and
 things like that. That's pretty cool. Yeah. Is it that it's not really a true thing that they call
 a pseudo thumb? Yeah. I think it's, it's like a bony protrusion isn't it? So you can wiggle it. It's
 thumb-like, but they can't, yeah. But it serves the purpose that a thumb would be able to serve,
 doesn't it? It grips. I think people have said that if if we were to pick a sixth digit, that another
 thumb on the other side will be the best one to have. That would be fantastic. Yeah. If you do lose a
 finger or a thumb, you could get a toe transplanted, which is quite common now, a quite a common
 treatment for losing a finger. It's mostly to replace thumbs, isn't it? It's mostly to replace
 thumbs. I quite like this interview with the guy who had it done, who said there's an operation
 which involves two surgical teams. One is to lock off the toe and the other is to prepare the thumb
 area to have the toe attached. And he said afterwards, the worst part of it was them taking the toe off
 as, which seems quite obvious to me that that would be the worst part, as opposed to them putting
 it onto the hand. But this was first done in 1897 by this Austrian surgeon called Carl Nicoladoni,
 who, and it wasn't as successful, but it did, it did work in that he was able to turn a toe into a
 thumb, and he did it by connecting the man's thumbless hand to his foot. So, I think if you're going to
 replace your thumb with a toe, what you want to do is take the toe from the foot and put it on your hand,
 not take your hand and put it down though. That's what he had to do because he had to get the
 toe sort of used to being on the hand before he detached it from the foot. So, the man had to go
 round for a long time. Because if you put the toe on some of his hand, he's going to go, "What? It's so high up here!"
 They've got to get used to it. It's like this hand's just coming to stay for a while.
 Wait, the guy who's coming down to meet the in-laws basically. What exactly did the guy have to do?
 Right. Here's what the guy had to do. He had to bend over how his thumbless hand sewn onto his
 big toe, and then that allowed the big toe to get accustomed to being sewn onto the hand.
 The big toe wasn't detached. No, the big toe wasn't detached with the man
 hand, so it's the end of a few weeks bent over with his hand attached to his foot, yes.
 So, we'd be like, "Come on, Gem, we're off. I'm just tying my shoe off, is that right?"
 You have to tie your shoe for three weeks, Gem.
 But it won't do you any good in terms of acclimatising, Shauny, if your toe is still attached to
 your foot? Well, it's apparently, it did work. I can see it's not really deep in my
 foot. You might attach the blood vessels, for instance, and they need to, they might be still
 attached in one place, but also attached in the other place. I think that was it, yeah.
 If you look at images online, if people who've had their thumbs replaced by toes,
 it's pretty easy to miss. Yeah. You could very easily meet someone, talk to them,
 shake their hand and not notice that this replacement is that. It is one of the most amazing
 operate. Do you think you'd mention it if you saw someone and you thought that looked like
 that looked like a toe on that? No, because it's the embarrassment. It's like saying to a
 woman that you think she's pregnant and she might not be. You can't say what you've had that
 operation. What you were saying Anna about putting your thumb on your toe, it reminds me of, in the
 shoulders, knees and thumbs, knees and thumbs. We've got to do it because Barry's here today,
 and she's still sitting alone. It reminds me of, in the olden days, when they used to do have
 a nose job. So you had to have a new nose put on there and they would put skin from your arm
 to reconstruct the nose, but you had to have the blood supply from your arm at the same time as
 it's growing on your nose. So you used to have your arm attached to your face while the skin would
 grow over your nose. So you would have people whose arm is attached to their nose for weeks on end.
 And there was one famous guy in Italy, I think, who had this done, but he didn't want to be having his
 arm over his nose the whole time. So he had his servants used to stand up. His servant had to walk
 around with his arm over his butt his nose the whole time, yeah. Wow, that's harsh. I hope the servant
 never washed his hands to get him back. Just on toes, have you guys heard of the world
 toe wrestling championships? No, it takes place in the UK and it is an annual event. The current
 champion is Alan Nasty Nash. He won it in 2015. I'm not sure if the 2016 event has happened,
 but it's basically exactly what it says it is. It is just toe wrestling and they treat it very
 seriously. Each toe is inspected prior to it. They show it's not a thug. Yeah, so the contestants
 have their toes examined by qualified nurse before giving being given clearance that it's a unmodified
 toe and that it can do it. And it was invented basically by four guys who were drinking and just so
 annoyed that the UK just was never good at winning international sports. So it was never just a champion
 who was from the UK. So they thought let's let's invent a new sport. It's only a matter of time
 before we teach the continent how to play this game and they come over to start the team. Exactly,
 yeah. Do they have weight categories in toe wrestling? So is it, is it, you know, little tov,
 little toe? It's always big tov, big toe, isn't it? Yes. And it's also, it's also men versus men
 women versus women. So there's no, there's no plucky second toe which took on a big toe because that
 is a screenplay waiting for you written. But you can watch videos online and they all come across like
 WWF wrestlers. They take it really seriously. And so some of the people in the top 100 at the
 moment, you do have not a hundred people. Maybe just top players. There might be a hundred.
 Alan Nasty Nash, as I mentioned before, current champion, Tom 100 meter Martin. And then there's
 a guy called Paul Beach whose nickname is Tominator. Oh, very, very good name. It sounds like what happens
 when the characters out of this little piggy went to market grew up. I think that's what they're all
 doing now. This little piggy went wrestling. This little piggy became a thumb. Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you would like to get in contact
 with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast, you can reach us
 on our Twitter accounts. I'm on at Shriberland, James at X-shaped Andy at Andrew Hunter M and Shazinski.
 You can email podcast at qi.com. Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is at qi podcast,
 or go to our website. No such thing as a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes.
 Just got one more bit of news to tell you, which is that as of this week, we have changed over to
 audio boom. Audio boom, you probably know, a host of bunch of awesome podcasts. And that's where we're
 going to be now. If you listen to us via SoundCloud, this might be the last episode that you hear on
 there, and you're going to have to find somewhere else, some other app to download our show on. If you do
 listen to things like iTunes or anything like that, that's where you get our show from. Don't worry,
 it's going to be exactly the same. You don't need to push any other buttons. This is just specifically
 for the SoundCloud people. That's it from the show. Off with the show. Off with the show.
 [Music]
