 [Music]
 Hi everyone, we've got a very special, very exciting guest on the show today,
 someone we've wanted to get on for a long time. That's the brilliant comedian Paul Sinner.
 He was absolutely hilarious on the show, as predicted. He is of course a comedian,
 as well as being a champion, quizzing mastermind on such things as The Chase,
 and he's got a book out with possibly the best title for a book ever,
 One Sinner Lifetime. See what he's done there? And that too is fantastic. It's very, very funny,
 it's also very moving, it's a memoir, it's about his really, truly fascinating and up and down life.
 Would highly, highly recommend it. That's One Sinner Lifetime. Look it up, get it now.
 Hope you enjoy the show. We had such a good time with him.
 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Things a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobein. My name is Anna Tyshinski and I'm sitting here with
 Andrew Under Murray, James Harkin and very special guest Paul Sinner. Hi Paul.
 Hello, this is very exciting for me. Finally made it through the door.
 Well, it's great to have you and we are here again with our four favorite facts from the last seven
 days and in no particular order, here we go, starting with you, Paul.
 Well, it's the Olympics at the moment and so this is tangentially collected to the Olympics.
 I've always been fascinated by the Olympics and what it means to people,
 but I'm perhaps more fascinated by people who've taken part in the Olympics
 and it's nowhere near the biggest thing that's happened to them in their lives.
 So this is a man called Michel de Carvalho and I can say with almost absolute certainty
 that you won't know that Michel de Carvalho was both a British Olympic skier and the British
 Olympic loser, but several years after his sport and career came to an end,
 he got absolutely lucky by marrying the person who is now the Netherlands richest,
 not woman, but person. The heir to the Heineken empire, Charlene de Heineken,
 he married her, so he's worth billions, which is good, but that's not the greatest fact about
 Michel de Carvalho. The greatest fact about Michel de Carvalho is he achieved a fame
 before he was an Olympian. He is the only surviving cast member of Lawrence of Arabia.
 As a kid, he was a child actor, he appeared as Peter O'Toole's friend and child servant.
 Faraj, I think his name was really weird, spelt differently.
 And he's always sort of like sending other, like drives people back to the traditional
 land where they came from. He was in Lawrence of Arabia and he's not even that old now.
 What's next to come? You know, he's done Lawrence of Arabia, Olympics,
 married the richest person in the Netherlands. Strictly!
 That's it. That's the only thing left. It's the only mount left to conquer.
 But it's part of a fascination to have with people for whom, oh yeah, they were in the
 Olympics as well. By the way.
 By the way, as a sort of side category of things they've done.
 I wonder what she's most proud of. I mean, I think in preparation for this, Andy, in fact,
 you may have browsed a bit of Lawrence of Arabia.
 Yeah, Andy sent us a message, a WhatsApp at 11pm saying I've just started to watch Lawrence
 of Arabia and we know that 11pm has passed his bedtime anyway.
 Already I was pushing, you know, I shouldn't have had the oval team before I started watching.
 Were you searching for female characters?
 Not very long. Right, so just before we start, yes, okay, I am currently halfway through Lawrence
 of Arabia. If I'd been watching Rear Window, I would have finished it by now, but I wasn't.
 I'm about two hours in and I'm watching the proper version, which is three hours 47.
 So please can nobody spoil the end of the First World War for me? I don't want to know how it ends.
 Happily.
 There's a bit of a spoiler at the beginning though, isn't there?
 The film begins at the opening scene is him getting on his motorbike and then dying.
 Oh, no way!
 And then there's a whipped pan back to it. Has anyone else seen Lawrence of Arabia?
 No.
 A long time ago.
 Okay.
 So when I was a kid I was made to watch it and I willfully forgotten it.
 Do you remember this boy, Carvalho, this friend?
 He's a big character.
 Oh, is he?
 Yeah, yeah, there are two sort of manservants or sort of like the kind of teenagers,
 the kids who are following him around and you know, they love him and they want to be with him.
 They follow him into the desert on their camels. Oh my goodness, there are so many camels.
 I'm sorry, if you like camels.
 I mean, it fails the Beck Deltas tragically because the two female camels in it taught nothing
 nothing other than their love life.
 There is not a single woman in it, like with a speaking role, right?
 Okay, so in the first half there's a bit where they're setting off into the desert, all the men,
 and there are some women seen wailing from a distance, but they're seen at such a distance
 that you can't tell. You really can't tell.
 They could be men with wigs.
 They're shot in silhouette as well and from behind.
 I mean, yeah, those are the only female voices that have made their way into the film so far.
 I think, because as you mentioned, you watched the proper one and there are various versions.
 And I think in the longest one, which was released in about the early 80s, I think,
 which was the original one that David Lean wanted to release,
 I think there are some women in the big massacre scene.
 Apparently there are some female corpses.
 Maybe they'll do a remake, you know, like with Ghostbusters.
 An all-female.
 All-female Lawrence of Arabia.
 I love it.
 Laura of Arabia.
 Well, that was one of the famous quotes about it.
 It was after the premiere, I think it was Noel Coward.
 He approached Peter O'Toole, who is unbelievably good looking in the right.
 He's really, he's just sort of beautiful.
 And Noel Coward went up to him and said,
 "If you'd been any pretty, they'd have had to call it Florence of Arabia."
 But it is very good, though.
 It's very good.
 It's a cinematic masterpiece, but it's not one you'd watch twice.
 No, it's one of those ones where you watch it and you're like,
 "Oh, that's where they got Dune from."
 "Oh, that's where Star Wars comes from."
 "Oh, Mad Max."
 That's all like, it's all, you just, yeah, yeah, you can see it sort of.
 You just named a bunch of films that are sort of set in the desert.
 Are you just saying that?
 Priscilla.
 Film by Louise.
 Yeah, okay.
 Yeah, yeah.
 One of the things that Lawrence of Arabia is responsible for is The King of Jordan.
 This is nice.
 Oh, yeah.
 So I think Current King of Jordan was conceived as a result of this film.
 Did you find out how that effect on you, Andy?
 That's a long time, isn't it? Three and a half hours.
 You get bored.
 Oh, another camel.
 There's genuinely one camel journey which takes 40 minutes.
 Is there?
 And it's with brief interruptions for conversation, but it is almost all camel.
 I don't know what you're expecting from a film called Lawrence of Arabia.
 No, you're right, you're right, you're right, you're right.
 It's not enough car chasers.
 Well, it starts with a very exciting motorbike scene.
 Yeah, true.
 Oh, great.
 It's just going to be chopper action.
 No.
 So The King of Jordan's parents looked at it, speaking of humps, darling.
 Brilliant.
 And then...
 It's King Hussein of Jordan, the previous one.
 He had lent a load of his soldiers to the film.
 So lots of the people you see as extras in the film playing soldiers are soldiers from the Jordanian army.
 And he visited the set because he was very keen, he was an enthusiast,
 and he fell for a young woman, a British secretary who was working on the film.
 Obviously not in front of the camera.
 She was called Antoinette, and they got married in 1962.
 The other film came out, and their eldest son became the King of Jordan in 1999.
 Abdullah, Abdullah II.
 Yeah, so that's a happy ending.
 So the movie's based on a book, Seven Pillars of Wisdom, which is T. E. Lawrence is...
 Biography.
 Biography, yeah.
 Yeah, we should say he was a real guy.
 Yeah.
 Just in case any listeners don't know who T. E. Lawrence was.
 He was a British intelligence officer, and he'd been an archaeologist and a photographer in Arabia.
 He loved the area so much.
 And then during the war, he joined the army, became an intelligence officer.
 And his big thing was, he was lobbying for Arabian independence,
 but it turned out that sort of the British and French had already kind of carved up the area.
 There was an agreement called the Sykes-Picot Agreement,
 and sort of dividing the Arabian world into spheres of influence.
 So he felt very, very let down after the war,
 because his Arabian calls had been betrayed,
 and he felt like he'd let everyone down.
 But he's a really, really interesting guy.
 And what happened to that Sykes-Picot Agreement?
 I believe it all ended up well in the end.
 Have you seen Lawrence of Arabia 2?
 It's the one.
 There is one, genuinely.
 There's a sequel film.
 There's Ghost Emerges from the Motorcycle Show.
 It's called A Dangerous Man, Lawrence after Arabia.
 Straight to video, early '90s.
 It's him in Paris.
 It's Lawrence in Paris, basically.
 Guess who plays?
 This is just a casting guess, Lawrence, in the '90s version of Lawrence of Arabia.
 Paul Nicholas.
 Was he in East Anas?
 Paul Nichols!
 He was my first ever crush.
 Paul Nicholas from Just Good Friends.
 Oh, for God's sake.
 Not Paul Nichols.
 Although they're both in East Anas.
 But what actually was Ross Kemp?
 You're very close.
 No, no, no.
 Paul was a Ross Kemp.
 It's perfect casting for if you're trying to cast piss and blue wines, golden, shimmering hair.
 Pats sharp. Pats sharp. G-doll. Oh, close. Rayfines. Oh, Rayfines. Oh, and it's like very young, very handsome Rayfines being, you know, right.
 The real Lawrence of Arabia looked nothing like that. It was five foot five, very unprepossessing looking. I don't see it really. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Just on the film Lawrence of Arabia, which I think was much more fun to be involved in than the actual being Lawrence of Arabia, they had a way out of a time.
 Peter O'Toole and Omar Sharif had so much fun together and ended up great friends and Peter O'Toole, who claims he slept with 1,033 women in his life,
 drew to form on that film. Him and Omar Sharif had women flown out for them at weekends. Yeah, well, there were none present at that time.
 They must have been so gutted when they took the first look at the cast. You are kidding me. Oh, no, these are all camels. Sorry.
 They are all called flossing, but they are all camels. No, they did. They had a great time and Omar Sharif sounds like such a fun character.
 He was from Egypt and he was sent to a British school there because he was fat and the British food was so bad. His parents thought this will get him thin.
 That's schools in the world.
 His grandson said he had two areas of expertise, bridge and sex, and he actually taught his grandson about the birds and the bees, and he said, "Making love is like playing bridge. You either need an incredible partner or a really good hand."
 When I was a kid, I think he did the bridge column in the Sunday Times magazine. Really? Did he? No way. When I say he played bridge, he played bridge. I mean, he's one of the best players in the world.
 No way. Oh, no. That is a proper polymath.
 Is it Olympians? Yeah. Yeah. Unusual, weird Olympians? Yeah, go for it. Bob Anderson? The dance player? No.
 You know so many people, Paul. I know. It's interesting. Bob Anderson, the world darts champion of the late 80s or early 90s. He was a junior javelin for us. I thought maybe I missed the fact that you'd gone to the Olympics.
 No. Actually, I know where you're going with this, Andy, because I found this as well. We're looking for someone who used an item which is longer than a dart and shorter than a javelin.
 Yes. A knife and fork. He did eating at the Olympics. But the same shape as both. Yes. God, that's a very good clue. Yeah, yeah.
 I'm just, my mind is blown from the fact there's a Bob Anderson who did darts and javelin. What the hell? And then there's someone in the middle who did something in between.
 So this Bob Anderson, who's not a dart or a javelin player, he was an Olympic... Fencer. Bingo. Yeah. And he was also in a movie doing what? Lightsabers. Bingo. Correct.
 You played Darth Vader. Oh, wow. That's why I don't name him. Wow. He did all the fight scenes with the lightsaber in the big costume.
 I think I would like to see Darth Vader throwing darts, actually. Darth Vader? And there's his nickname for the ockie. Brilliant. How did I not get that?
 And did they hire him solely on his fencing skills? Because I suppose Darth Vader, he doesn't have a face, does he? So he always faces cover. So you don't need to be able to act.
 Well, he was a major Hollywood sword fighting choreographer. So he did loads and loads. He would choreograph fights and sometimes he did the fights himself if it was a costume thing, and it was because he'd been a fencer in his...
 He worked on the three musketeers, the Princess Bride, the Mask of Zorro, Lord of the Rings and Die Another Day. Oh, which were all inspired by Lawrence of Arabia, weren't they? Yes.
 Odd job in Goldfinger. Yeah, I know about that one. Was he an Olympian? Yeah. 1948. Another famous darts throw, right? Hold on. Was it him who threw darts? 48. He throws his hat. He throws his hat. Sorry. Discus.
 That's not exactly how you throw a discus, how he throws his hat. He sort of curls it. He throws it frisbee style. Otherwise, a frisbee discus is the other way round. So he was a weightlifter, wasn't he? Yeah, that's right.
 Silver medalist, actually. Silver medalist, '48. I always like how... Who's the guy in the Goonies? The... "Hey, you guys!" That guy, he was an American football player and won two Super Bowls. The guy who plays... Is it Chunk? I've not seen the Goonies. Have you not seen the Goonies? Oh, no. Okay, if you want to see classics. The Goonies.
 Alan Turing. Almost an Olympian. Turing. Very close. Chess. Chess. Yeah, no, actually. He was a pretty fast runner. He came fifth in the Amateur Athletics Association Marathon in 1948, almost qualifying him for the Olympics. And he actually did beat in a running race the silver medalist that year.
 Wow. What year? '48. '48 is a big year. It was Andre Agassiz's dad boxed for Iran. Andre Agassiz's dad represented Iran at boxing in 1948.
 I remember, Paul, you posted on social media once about Andre Agassiz and Ginger Rogers. What's that place? Ginger Rogers played in the US Open tennis mix doubles.
 Did she look backwards and then high heels? It's really bizarre. She wasn't that good a tennis player. She just happened to take part one year.
 And her partner was Brooke Shields' grandfather. He was married to Andre Agassiz. Something really, really odd.
 So, sorry, 1948 had odd job. Andre Agassiz's dad. Was odd job '48? '48. Andre Agassiz's dad was '48. Yaroslav Drobny, who won Wimbledon for Egypt, were men's singles for Egypt in the '50s, played ice hockey for Czechoslovakia in '48.
 We are getting more obscure now, aren't we? And almost Alan Turing. Almost Alan Turing.
 And then I've managed to find somebody who was in the Olympics in 1948. And it's not even mentioned on his Wikipedia page.
 A guy called Andre Vortikin, who is an engineer who designed the Atomium in Brussels. The man who designed the Atomium in Brussels played field hockey for Belgium in the 1948 Olympics.
 And the first ever international no such thing as a fish gig was the Atomium in Brussels. We brought it home.
 And we think it's based on an atom, but it's actually just six hockey balls in it, apparently.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact. My fact this week is that Samuel L. Jackson once locked Martin Luther King's dad in an upstairs room, then gave him a ladder to escape out of the window.
 We're back to connections. Yes. Oh, yeah. So this is a Morehouse College, which is a black American college, and there was a student protest there, and Samuel L. Jackson.
 He's a very active student, and he's protesting at the idea that it's his black college, but they're being sort of groomed to be very successful in a very mainstream kind of white society way.
 So it's extremely high achievement Morehouse College. You know, it's turned out extraordinary people. And I think the demands were things like, look, we want a black studies program.
 We want a black board of trustees involved with black communities.
 So a black board of trustees, not a black board of trustees. It is an educational establishment.
 That's where the confusion arose. And so they bought loads of black boards and then, yes, a black space board of trustees.
 And anyway, they decided the best way to achieve this is to kidnap the members of the board and one of them was Martin Luther King's dad.
 And so they kidnap them and they locked them upstairs. I think it was two stories up and they bought padlocks and they took chains from keep off the grass signs on campus to sort of padlock them in.
 And then Martin Luther King's dad Martin Luther King senior started getting chest pains and quite heartlessly in the interview I read with Samuel L. Jackson, he was like, well, look, we didn't want to unlock any of the doors because the protest had to go on.
 So instead they got the ladder that the neighbouring girls school had used to climb up to that window as part of the process, put it up to the window, sit to him, slide down that mate, take yourself to a doctor.
 And so he did.
 And they were connected. Samuel L. Jackson and the King family, weren't they?
 Yeah, they were.
 I know he was at the funeral. He was at the funeral. He was a Paul Bearer, Samuel L. Jackson at Martin Luther King's funeral.
 Because he'd been involved in student protest and student politics and black activism and all that kind of stuff.
 It all happened at this college. He was very politically active. Samuel L. Jackson for a while.
 He was actually made to leave Atlanta because the FBI were after him.
 Really?
 This amazing story where the FBI came and knocked on his mum's door and they said, get your son out of Atlanta or someone's going to kill him.
 And he went to LA and that was sort of where he picked up some show business.
 That's amazing. All I know about him is he likes playing golf.
 Does he?
 Yes he does.
 Have you got a list?
 I know one very important fact about him, which is that when I was on a final chase once, I was asked what is Samuel L. Jackson's middle name.
 And I went, Leroy, and Bradley said, correct. And I've never felt more ashamed of getting a question right in the first little show.
 I felt I'd been rewarded for racially stereotyping in a way that didn't justify reward.
 He had a stutter as a child as well. He said that the one word that he says to get him out of a stutter is...
 Oh, I know what this is.
 Snakes?
 Snakes!
 Is that what you associate Samuel L. Jackson with?
 What's the word you associate with snakes?
 Snakes on a plane.
 Okay, what's the other word?
 I've got to get these snakes off this plane.
 Oh, I see.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 These days he doesn't stutter as much, but if he ever does start stuttering, all he has to do is say that word and it will get him out of it.
 Okay, I've read this on his IMDb. It's that he has his own weed consultant.
 Oh, yeah.
 I did a little bit of digging. I don't think it's his own weed consultant because I don't think he's on an exclusive contract with Samuel L. Jackson.
 Okay.
 No, he does weeks for loads of people, doesn't he?
 He does weeks for loads of people. He's had lots and lots of on-screen hairdos.
 If you say my agent, they might be agents for other people as well, but they're still your agent.
 That's true.
 Yes, but if I said I have a plumber, it'd be weird.
 Wait, what do you mean? The same thing applies, Andy. Your own plumber is not exclusive to you, is he?
 Yeah, you say my plumber came round.
 It would be weird if someone wrote a fact sheet about me saying he has his own plumber.
 That's a guy for you.
 Elton John is probably the only person I can imagine has his own plumber.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Not even the king. Elton John.
 Anyway, so I looked up this guy, this hair consultant and stylist, and he's worked for loads of famous people.
 Anyway, his name is Robert L. Stevenson. Guess what the L stands for?
 It's Louis.
 No.
 He's Robert Louis Stevenson.
 That's brilliant.
 Yes, he is named after the Treasure Island author.
 Is he really?
 Yeah.
 Well, you must be. Like, there's no way you would accidentally come up with that name.
 He was only the third male hairstylist in the Hollywood Union.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So, just stick that in your pipe and swipe, yeah.
 I could have sworn he was the first. You think you know a subject?
 It's amazing what you learn on this show, isn't it?
 Just do it.
 On a more serious note, I didn't realise until I was reading about him that his life was in ruins, wasn't it?
 I did just cocaine and heroin. It made me think that perhaps that's what we need to be doing for all drug addicts.
 Make them into Hollywood stars.
 Make them into film stars, was it?
 Are you saying you should go down to the job centre?
 Or at the job centre, when people come to you, they say, "I'm in a real difficult place, addicted to drugs, I'm unemployed."
 The advice should be, have you considered becoming a film star?
 Yeah.
 What jobs have you got?
 Well, we've got a role playing Prince Faisal.
 No.
 I'll play Lawrence, thank you very much.
 And the other thing is he wasn't considered an especially good actor until he got into films.
 His career wasn't really going anywhere in particular.
 Who, SLJ?
 SLJ.
 From SLJ to MLK, yeah.
 Good segue.
 Nice, nice.
 Love it.
 He tried to get sent to school a year early and was foiled by the teacher when he accidentally mentioned that it was his fifth birthday was coming up.
 Was he responsible for registering himself?
 Was it like those First World War things where you say, "I'm 14," and they say, "I'll walk around the block," and so tell me your rating when you come back?
 Well, it's nice to know that.
 If he was, then he's proved that he's precocious enough to do it in the first place.
 Exactly. They put him straight into sixth form.
 I was him and his dad senior, in fact, sort of plotted together to get him let in because he was keen to go to school.
 Was he keen to go to school or was his dad keen to get him out of the house?
 Because I couldn't think of any reason I would send my daughter to school early and that would be it.
 He kept telling us dad about his dreams.
 So annoying.
 No one cares.
 Other people's dreams. Boring.
 He said his main weaknesses were food and women, so there's...
 50% there.
 Wow.
 Which pissed off his dad, actually.
 He said this is a grown man, not a five-year-old.
 Because there's a five-year-old boy said that to me, "You'd call the social, wouldn't you?"
 He was precocious.
 No, he had a lot of affairs, didn't he?
 He did. And he loved to dance.
 Food, women, dancing.
 Loved to dance the jitterbug, which I think women have talked about the fact it was very controversial,
 and his dad once cringe turned up when he was dancing the jitterbug in front of a bunch of women,
 seized him and dragged him off the dance floor.
 Wow.
 This is another really bizarre connection.
 Much like the King of Jordan being due to Lawrence of Arabia.
 Abdullah II.
 Yep.
 Fortunately, the King is responsible for Julia Roberts' existing.
 Is that true?
 It is.
 So someone had sex while he was doing this speech?
 He, no.
 I had a dream that Richard Gere came along.
 He paid for the hospital bill when she was born.
 Really?
 He's not responsible for her being born, but her parents are.
 But he paid it because her parents had an acting school in Atlanta,
 and they had been very welcoming to King's own children.
 So the families knew each other.
 And so when Julia Roberts was born, Martin Luther King stumped up for the bills.
 See, he's contributed so much.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The non-violence sort of element of King's philosophy was really interesting.
 The Montgomery Bus Boycott was a really famous one of his campaigns,
 and it wasn't initially planned as a Gandhi-style campaign of non-violence,
 but after the Rosa Parks, after she was arrested on the bus,
 the campaign was kind of adjusted.
 And he hadn't originally known much about Gandhi or Gandhi's campaigns,
 which were famously non-violent.
 He had lots of guns, for example.
 He once applied for a permit to carry a concealed weapon,
 because he was very worried about his safety, correct?
 But once in 1962, at one of his events, one of his rallies,
 a 200-pound white Nazi party member called Roy James jumped on stage and hit him in the face,
 at which point he lowered his hands and kept talking and spoke calmly
 and didn't try to protect himself, even when he was hit again.
 Roy James is quite striking reading about the extent of his commitment to non-violence
 and showing non-violence in front of a large audience.
 I mean, I'm not going to defend this man, but 200 pounds is not that big.
 No, you're right, it's not actually.
 I don't know, I'm sorry, I fat-shamed a Nazi, and I shouldn't have done...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, fair enough.
 Wow, why have I come out as the bad guy?
 As someone who's been 200 pounds, I take a massive offense for it.
 I actually, I don't know what 200 pounds is in old money.
 14, 14 stone four.
 Oh, that's nothing.
 Okay, sorry.
 200 pounds is old money, it's just lower denominations, isn't it?
 Okay, okay.
 It's just got divided by 14.
 Sorry, I wouldn't have bothered saying a 14 stone.
 Nazi party members, that's totally ordinary.
 In fact, Mylith King may have been bigger, we don't know.
 Okay, personally, I still think it's impressive.
 But I take your point, everybody, thank you.
 The way my brain works is, well, I can't get rid of the fact that the march,
 depicting the film Selma, the march from Selma to Montgomery,
 is the most famous march that was from one Simpsons character to another Simpsons case.
 That's such a good point.
 That's what it was really about.
 That's very funny.
 I just have a thing on random celebrity connections.
 Yeah.
 Actually, it feels so trivory, I wonder if Paul knows about it.
 Do you know what the Erdos Bacon number is?
 Oh yeah, Paul Erdos, the mathematician in Kevin Bacon.
 Yeah, this is so cool.
 The star of Footloose, and the possible reason I'm gay.
 Interesting.
 Having watched Footloose at a very tender moment in my life.
 Yeah, it's a combination, isn't it?
 And someone really famous has got an Erdos Bacon number of two or three.
 Is it Natalie Portman?
 That's so good, it's not two or three would be a lot, but Natalie Portman, yes.
 Isn't it, you add them together?
 Yeah.
 So it's like if you've been in a paper with Paul Erdos, or someone who's been in a paper with him,
 or if you've been in a film with Kevin Bacon, or someone who's been in a film with Kevin Bacon.
 Exactly, so how many connections do you make between Paul Erdos and Kevin Bacon?
 And as you say, Natalie Portman has an Erdos Bacon number of, I think it's seven,
 but it's still good, because she's the only celebrity I could find who was a genuine academic,
 and that's her connection, because she actually wrote a paper when she was in school.
 There is another one as well, it's much more obscure.
 She played Winnie in the Wonder Years.
 I'm pretty sure that the actress who played Winnie in the Wonder Years has an Erdos number of some description.
 Is she the one with dark hair in the Wonder Years?
 I think so, yeah.
 She's the reason that I'm straight.
 Because that was on when I was like five years old or something.
 And is she an academic, or was she like, was there a consultant on the film or something?
 She's definitely done a maths paper, either with him or one connection to him.
 Cool, because I thought the most furious one was Colin Firth, who has an Erdos Bacon number of six,
 because he's credited as co-author of a neuroscience paper after he suggested on Radio 4 that a study could be done about it.
 So he mentioned Radio 4, hey, so much a look into this.
 The title is 'Political Orientations Are Correlated With Brain Structure And Young Adults'.
 So I haven't actually heard a bit about Radio 4, but I'm guessing he says,
 oh, I wonder if people with different political views, his brains look different.
 Shall we talk about mine?
 And they've credited him as co-author, yes.
 That's fair enough. You came up with the thing.
 Oh, okay, okay.
 Credits are credit.
 One of Martin Luther King's long-term lovers was Dot Cotton.
 What?
 Excuse me?
 Her name was Dot Cotton. Her name was Dorothy Cotton.
 It wasn't Dot Cotton from EastEnders.
 I think her is the sort of reason that you're straight, Andy, someone like her.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that top football teams sometimes travel with their own grass.
 And you're referring to the drug?
 Oh, no.
 The surface.
 Oh, or I was thinking of people who tell tales.
 Oh, yeah!
 Their own copper's-nark.
 I would say John Terry was probably one.
 Oh, yeah.
 Do you reckon they had the feel of a copper's-nark about it?
 It's probably a long-term undercover copper.
 Try to expose, I don't know, socialism.
 No, this is so weird.
 Okay, so this happened just now. We've had a tournament, right?
 What was it, the Euros?
 We don't like to talk about it, but yeah, it was the Euros.
 But you did it right, didn't you?
 Yeah.
 Anyway.
 Are you being Scottish now?
 I think I am.
 Oh, well, you don't want to be Scottish in the Euros.
 This was an initiative by the FA.
 So they had a pitch in Blankenheim, which is where their training camp was.
 And that was seeded in April, some months ago, with turf that was used in London.
 And I guess it was London Seed, as well, Wembley Seed.
 It was a full-size pitch, fertilised level, given a haircut.
 So they were training on...
 Isn't that strange?
 Why wouldn't you train on what you're actually going to play on?
 Well, exactly.
 I think it's pathetic, to be honest.
 I think if you can't play on a range of surfaces, what's the point?
 Like, what's the point of this?
 How they've not got you as a sports pun bit.
 It's so sick, especially with Andrew Hunter Murray.
 That was quite Roy Keane, though, wasn't it?
 That's pathetic.
 Yeah.
 But it worked.
 Regardless of the logic, it worked.
 That's a good point, because they did very well.
 What a huge waste.
 Well, I mean, I'm sure that grass is now being enjoyed at this hotel,
 or golf resort, or whatever it was.
 What was there before?
 Probably some different grass.
 Oh, yeah, sorry.
 I'm not sure people are enjoying it anymore.
 They ship that grass over to Wembley Stadium.
 It's now only good for golfing, actually, because it was a golf resort.
 The different grass makes a big difference in golf, I have to say.
 If you go to play golf in Florida, and they have what's called Bermuda grass,
 and then you play in Scotland, it's very different feel.
 And you're normally in the rough, aren't you, though, James?
 If you're not in the bunker, you're in the sort of long grassy bits at the edge,
 hacking away.
 Don't try the golf banter with me, young man.
 Sorry.
 But it's much sort of more tangly, and it's got more of a grain to it.
 So if you try and hit against the grain in Bermuda grass,
 then it's actually quite difficult to get the club through the ball.
 Whereas if you play in Fescue in Scotland, it's really easy.
 It's very short.
 It's not stopping the Americans from winning in Scotland.
 No.
 Gentlemen, last open.
 Hang on.
 Sorry, aren't you hitting off the tee anyway?
 Aren't you hitting the bunker grass?
 You hit your first shot off the tee, but then future shots, you don't hit off the tee.
 Do you know what?
 I thought you were allowed to put a pop of tee in the ground.
 Oh, my God.
 How many times have I spoken about golf on this podcast?
 My filters are incredible by now.
 The shot has come down.
 You've learned nothing.
 Oh, dear.
 Do you want to know something ironic about pitches?
 Oh, yeah.
 Football pitches.
 An uneven pitch creates a level playing field.
 Oh, very good.
 Oh, why?
 Maybe the best footballer is good at playing on level playing fields.
 Exactly.
 Very even pitches.
 Exactly.
 It's a classic sort of FA cup thing, isn't it?
 You get a lower division team with a terrible pitch,
 and then the big shot charlies have to go and play in it, and they can't cope.
 Yeah, because you've got to do, you know, you rely on extremely fast, precise passing,
 so the flatter, more even the pitch.
 You've not washed England recently.
 Oh, even I got that.
 But yeah, as soon as you're on a less even pitch, then it sort of equalises people
 because it's a little bit bumpy, it's a little bit harder to get those very fast passes in.
 And it is a hugely refined art, isn't it?
 The pitch and grass maintenance in football.
 I think there was a manager, Laurent Blanc, who was managing Paris Saint-Germain in 2013.
 All his players were getting injured, they were doing badly,
 and they hired a groundsman called Jonathan Calderwood,
 and Laurent Blanc credited Calderwood with 16 of that club's points
 by the end of the season when they won the next season.
 And he was from Paris Saint-Germain?
 Yes.
 How many points did he attribute to the massive amount of money they got from Qatar?
 It didn't need to, actually.
 But no, it is a hugely advanced science.
 And it is actually one of the things where Britain is world leading,
 is the field of groundskeeping and turf consultancy.
 Why is it Cristiano mentioning this in his speech?
 It's changed Wimbledon, though, isn't it? The tennis.
 The tennis as a tournament has been transformed by the fact that the grass is not as fast as it once was.
 Absolutely, yeah.
 When we were all growing up, you'd have huge 6'6", 6'7" serve volleyers who'd smash the ball,
 come to the net, volley it. No one volleys anymore, because the balls slow down in the grass,
 and people just hit the ball straight back at them, and pass them.
 And it's like a better game, right? Would you say, objectively, it's kind of more interesting?
 I think it's gone too far the other way, and if there's a serve and volleyer,
 I'd like to see them do well, just because it's now a refreshing change.
 And do you know that also they think it's like a group think thing,
 but everyone assumed that serve and volley wouldn't work as well on this bouncy, slower grass.
 But actually, I think if you do choose the serve and volley,
 I think you're still proportionally winning the same number of points as you were before,
 so they should go back to it.
 Should they?
 And one does miss the serve and volley.
 A women's game, it's almost disappeared.
 Yeah, yeah.
 The serve and volley, the Navratilovers, and the various East European checks of the 80s and 90s,
 all serve and volleyed, they've all gone.
 They've been lost in the long grass.
 Very strong.
 You know, they vacuum it, Wimbledon.
 They vacuum the grass every day.
 They've got a turf consultant, they measure the chlorophyll index.
 Yeah, they do.
 This is all part of the British groundskeeping revolution.
 And British groundskeepers go all over the world.
 That's the thing, it's like, okay, if you win the Euros,
 if you're Spain, fine, you've won the Euros, great.
 But no one can play without a pitch.
 Right.
 And if we, as Britain, are making the best pitches,
 who is the most important team in that tournament?
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 And there should be points.
 We should probably start two goals ahead.
 Just because of our contribution, right?
 But the sad thing about Wimbledon grass is that when you're watching it,
 it is in the process of dying.
 In fact, one of the Wimbledon groundskeepers said,
 you're walking the line between life and death when you maintain that grass.
 All right, okay.
 You're the one who's elevated them, just sort of a global renowned status.
 Let me give you a test on football, Andy.
 Yeah.
 Stamford Bridge, Goodison Park, St James's Park, Emirates Stadium,
 Anfield, Old Trafford, Wembley.
 What is the surface they play football on in those places?
 Grass.
 It is not grass.
 Oh, come on.
 They play on something called Deso Grassmaster.
 Wasn't he one of the pioneers of hip-hop?
 Grassmaster Deso, yeah.
 So it's 95% grass, but 5% uniquely engineered soft polyethylene yarn.
 What?
 So it's mostly grass.
 Well, I didn't say that to be fair.
 It's not grass.
 It's my fault.
 You wouldn't accept that on one of your quizzes, Paul.
 Well, they wouldn't accept that on the final chase,
 where even the slightest error is punished.
 But they're technically hybrid pitchers.
 Because it's got tiny bits of plastic in it,
 and it just helps the grass stay alive,
 and also makes it more bouncy, and it's always perfect.
 Leicester City Football Club, they're very good, aren't they?
 Are they still very good?
 Not as good as they once were.
 No, not as good as they literally once were.
 Right, because they were...
 But they got promoted last season.
 They did, didn't they?
 They're back in the Premier League.
 Well, in sports turf, science fields.
 The most important fields.
 They're out in front.
 Are you Micah Richards?
 No, what's that?
 Who's that?
 He's a pundit supery.
 Yeah, former footballer now pundit.
 Oh, great.
 You sound exactly like him.
 OK.
 So Leicester City, they do a lot of the science behind it,
 and they were doing a study in 2021
 for the European Space Agency.
 Oh, yeah.
 About turning their grass clippings into...
 Because if you pile up the clippings,
 it creates a lot of methane gas,
 because it's anaerobic digestion.
 Well, now you are sounding like Micah Richards.
 Yeah, you're like for like.
 I don't know what's happening.
 But then that gas, you could turn it into a liquid
 and then refine that into fuel.
 They also know they have 89 nutes,
 and they have to count them.
 What?
 Because they have to protect their nutes,
 because there are all these rules about,
 you know, habitat and biodiversity and all this.
 And if you've got 89 nutes...
 89!
 What?
 I could have sworn it was a 19-minute game.
 Oh, my God!
 That just happened.
 That's the joke of the podcast.
 Like, we've done 500 episodes.
 That's it. That's the joke.
 That's the end.
 Come on, you said it out with 89.
 Must have done.
 Have you heard of Heini Alemania?
 Wish I had.
 He invented the ironically named Fair Play Spray.
 So, Fair Play Spray.
 Do you know what Fair Play Spray is?
 Andy, could you guess?
 You spray it in the other player's eyes.
 They can't see.
 He's got a goal.
 Is that it?
 No, Paul.
 Do you know what Fair Play Spray is?
 No, I have no idea.
 Think of what sprays you use in football every game.
 Deodorant?
 The line.
 The line.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So, the line...
 Basically, when you take a free kick,
 the opposition have to be 10 yards away.
 They usually make a little wall to stop you
 from getting it in the goal.
 I've seen that.
 To make them stand there,
 you'll put a little line of what looks like
 a shaving foam on the ground.
 And this was invented by a guy called Heine Alemania
 in 2000.
 And the reason it's ironically called Fair Play Spray
 is that FIFA refused to give him any money for it.
 They said basically, you know,
 someone else also came up with an idea around the same time
 and we're just going to do it anyway
 and there's nothing you can do.
 And he went to a Brazilian court
 who found in his favour in 2018
 that they ordered FIFA to pay 10,000 pounds
 for every game they ignored their order.
 And since then, they probably owe him
 about 200 million quid.
 Wow!
 What are they paying?
 Well, the ruling was upheld in 2021.
 FIFA said that they are not bound by Brazilian law.
 And as time of recording,
 I couldn't find out what had happened with it.
 Wow.
 But I know that he does sell them now,
 but he doesn't get paid every time they use them,
 I don't think.
 I trust FIFA as an honest and principle institution
 who will reimburse this guy.
 Yeah, yeah.
 He called it "spoomy" stuff.
 FIFA calls it Fair Play Spray.
 So, "spoomy".
 Can you think of a good nickname for a groundskeeper?
 Willie.
 Yeah.
 Back to the Simpsons.
 So, this is the sort of Uber Willie of...
 You might have heard of him, James,
 because he's called George Tomer.
 No, I don't know.
 And it's American football.
 I'm into American football,
 but not so much that I know the names
 of all the grounds people.
 And are you really into it at all, you know?
 He did the pitch for every single Super Bowl
 until the 57th one.
 Oh, really?
 He spent 82 years of his life being a groundskeeper.
 He probably did other things.
 No, I don't think he did.
 He started very, very young,
 and he retired last year at 94.
 How interesting, because they move the Super Bowl
 to different places every year, don't they?
 So, okay.
 That must be interesting that he just...
 Yeah, yeah.
 Was it good, or was it a bit like,
 "You know, when he talked to younger doctors,
 "and they say the old ones are sort of sticking
 "with the old ways, don't work as well.
 "They're losing it a bit."
 It'd be a bit of a twist if he was absolutely shit.
 He was incredibly...
 He moaned it to nothing.
 He moaned about half the pitch one year.
 He moaned hills everywhere.
 Oh, that's so funny.
 And he said when he retired,
 "When I'm in heaven, I'll be looking at your beautiful field,
 "or I'll be in hell,
 "looking at what kind of root system you have."
 What a great question.
 And his nickname is The Sodfather.
 Oh, The Sodfather.
 Do you know what's better about grass
 compared to trees if you're lovers?
 It's hard to have sex while lying on a tree.
 You lack ambition.
 What's better?
 There are an infinite number of correct answers.
 I wish I hadn't gone here.
 You're lovers.
 I'm looking for a much more innocent, for lovers,
 more innocent variety.
 Bark stains don't show up in your chinas as much.
 One way to pair a 15-year-old who are not acquainted
 with the birds and the bees do around a tree.
 Write initials in it.
 Tying on a ribbon.
 Initials.
 Oh, sorry.
 You can't write your initials in a blade of grass.
 But if you did, it would grow with the blade.
 You know, there's always that thing which is like,
 "Will your initials in a tree grow with the tree?"
 Oh, so it's like high on the ground.
 No, they won't.
 Yeah, because the tree grows from the top.
 But grass grows from the bottom.
 So if you write your initials on a blade of grass
 and then come back 50 years later...
 How was that blade of grass that we wrote our initials on?
 The amount of filth that groundskeeper's seen over 57 years,
 you should write a book.
 OK.
 All right, time for fact number four, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the hiring
 of the first ever African-American White House secretary
 was announced on an episode of a quiz show.
 Unorthodox.
 Was it an unguessable answer if that was the question?
 They didn't get it right.
 OK.
 They didn't get it right.
 This was in a show called "What's My Line?"
 which people who are old enough would remember.
 It was like a very posh old American game show.
 Everyone would be in dinner jackets
 and the ladies would be in gowns with gloves and stuff
 and the host would bring in a guest
 and you would have to guess what their job was basically
 or what they were famous for, something like that.
 And if they were really famous,
 you would have to wear a blindfold.
 But if they weren't really famous,
 you wouldn't have to wear a blindfold
 because you wouldn't get any visual clues.
 And LBJ became president
 and he decided that times were a change in
 and they were going to get rid of segregation.
 And he thought, well, the best way to do that
 is to start in the White House.
 And so he hired this person called Geraldine Whittington
 and rather than doing a big announcement,
 he thought, if I announce it on national television,
 maybe that'll make a bit of a splash.
 So Geraldine came onto What's My Line
 and they had to, these B-list celebrities
 had to guess what her job was
 and they couldn't because no one would ever guess
 that a black woman would be working in the White House at the time.
 That's very clever.
 I don't think there's such a thing as a B-list celebrity
 on American television in the 1950s and '60s.
 But at dinner when you're being on television,
 you're actually huge.
 That's true. I suppose, yeah.
 They were interestingly eminent, those guesses.
 I think the guess has changed a bit over the years.
 So the panel included people like Bennett Surf,
 who won the case against the censorship of Ulysses in 1983,
 the former governor of New Jersey, Dorothy Kigallant,
 a newspaper columnist who wrote about links
 between organised crime and U.S. intelligence.
 What will these people think when they see one of British...
 An equivalent of a British game show?
 That's Keith Lemon.
 He was the first person to report on the challenge of disaster in 1986.
 (LAUGHTER)
 It seems such a contrast.
 It's stunning, a very eminent people.
 The celebrity guess, they got huge, weren't they?
 They had Walt Disney, Savile Dali, Marlon Brando, Jimmy Stewart,
 Grapplery Marks, Errol Flynn.
 So are these celebrity guesses?
 Celebrity, what's my line, when the guesses are blindfolded?
 Obviously, you would know immediately, Dali,
 as soon as you'd seen him, so they were blindfolds for him.
 So the guesses were blindfolds and you were allowed to ask,
 "Do you work in the arts?" And he says, "Yes."
 And it's, "Yes" and no answers.
 Dali would be a nightmare, sure.
 A complete nightmare. Everything they asked him, he said, "Yes."
 I wrote down the questions, "Are you associated with the arts?"
 "Yes." "Would you have been seen on television?"
 "Yes." "Are you a performer?" "Yes."
 "Are you a leading man?" "Yes."
 And then the host goes, because I've seen the video of it,
 the host goes, "Okay, I just have to say that,
 even though he might be seen as a leading man in some parts of his life,
 it would be misleading for you to think he was a leading man
 in the normal definition of the phrase."
 And then they move on. It's so funny.
 So he wasn't even gone with the win, but he was the leading man
 of the Surrealist Army.
 Because it's really funny, he says, they go,
 "Are you a leading man?" He goes, "Yes."
 The host sort of looks at him and goes,
 "What the fuck are you doing?" And then the two of them
 have this little conflap where Dali obviously is, like,
 explaining why he's such a leading man.
 And the host is just going, "Yeah, yeah, but that's not what they know."
 - That's unbelievable. - It's really good.
 It shouldn't get Dali on. If you wanted to go in a straightforward way,
 - don't get Dali on. - Are you an orange?
 Yes.
 Why have you melted our cock?
 Just one more thing on what's my line.
 Did you guys hear about The Sister Show? I've got a secret.
 - No. - I'm aware of its existence.
 It's a really fun, it's a tweak on the format, basically.
 If someone comes on, they've got a secret,
 the panel has to guess what the secret is.
 So here are some of the secrets. These are so good.
 - I discovered the planet Pluto. - Oh, right.
 - Again, it's very evident. - Was that Clyde Tombow?
 - Yeah. - Okay.
 He was telling the truth then.
 You would have ruined this show. It would have been one minute long.
 Let's see if you can get this one, then, Paul.
 My wife's going to have a baby.
 - What? - That was Tony Curtis
 - about his wife Janet Lee, and that was Jamie Lee Curtis. - Oh, Jamie Lee Curtis.
 Oh, so this was a way of celebrities to announce things.
 Like, "I've got a new movie coming out."
 Best one, "I've got a book coming out," Paul, for instance.
 The best one ever on this show was,
 "I am the last witness surviving of Abraham Lincoln's assassination."
 - Oh. - Cool.
 - It was a guy called Joe Biden. - It was a guy called Samuel Seymour.
 - And this was-- - Seymour?
 - He did Seymour indeed. - Very good.
 This was 1956, they said.
 He saw it aged five, and he appeared on the show aged 95.
 Although, there was some skepticism,
 because he only told anyone about this when he was 94.
 - It slipped his mind. - It just never came up.
 - That's so funny. - Wow.
 - There we go. - Something great show.
 The British show was quite tragic.
 - But what's my line? - Yeah, because you talk about B-list celebrities.
 And, of course, they weren't B-list, because they were absolutely A-list
 on account of being on television at a time when everybody was watching the same thing.
 So, these people were launched into fame,
 and there was a guy called Gilbert Hardin,
 who became known as the rudest man in Britain because of how grumpy he was on the show.
 He just carried it as an albatross around his neck that he was hated by the British public.
 And then there's a woman called Lady Isabel Barnett,
 another one of the regulars on the show,
 and she committed suicide two days after a shoplifting scandal.
 - Wow. - Because she couldn't live with the disgrace
 of Lady Isabel Barnett from What's My Line.
 - Really? - She turned out to be shoplifting for years.
 And it's the danger of imposing that much fame on people that weren't ready for it.
 It was a very real keynote way that TV worked in the '50s and '60s.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 And I'm glad that we only get two and a half million viewers anymore.
 - What do you say? - That guy appearing on a quiz show has changed, eh?
 Is it a quiz show or is it a game show? What's my line?
 Oh, my God, Andy. You are opening up a can of worms here.
 It's incredibly straightforward, isn't it?
 If you ask quiz questions that require some knowledge, it's a quiz show.
 It's not a quiz question, to be honest. What's my line?
 - I think it's a hybrid because you have to be knowledgeable
 to solve the puzzles that you're set. - Yeah.
 It's a wisdom show.
 Not a quiz show is What's the Capital of Armenia. Paul?
 - Yerevan. - Yerevan.
 Oh, James got that one. Sorry.
 I forgot I was a cold ball there for a second.
 What's six times nine? 54. I need that one.
 Sometimes you've got to get in first.
 You would be the worst quiz show host ever, Andy.
 And now this is for the million pounds.
 And the answer is Eleanor of Acquitaine.
 Let's play.
 I think if you go onto online forums of people who like quizzes
 or people who like game shows and you ask this question,
 for instance, is Countdown a quiz show?
 - That's the rest of your wheat gum. - Oh, really?
 I think Countdown is a game show.
 And the reason I think Countdown is a game show
 is you don't have to know what any of the words mean.
 - You just have to know they exist. - That's true.
 I think it's a quiz show because I think a game show
 has to have gunge.
 If there's no gunge, it's quiz.
 - Yeah. - You know?
 Gladiators is technically a quiz.
 - Does Gladiators have gunge? - No, no, it's quiz.
 But does that mean any TV show?
 I mean, I'm a quiz.
 I mean, I will stress.
 I don't think there's anything better about either former
 than both as entertaining as each other.
 You must know loads and loads and loads of formats
 for these shows, Paul.
 - I've watched a lot of-- - You've watched so many.
 Yeah.
 So this is a slight game where I don't know
 if you'll just know the answers automatically.
 Like, I'm going to name a title of a quiz show.
 - Okay. - And if you can guess the format.
 - Right? - That sounds fun.
 - Is this a quiz? - Well, no,
 because I've got some gunge in the ceiling.
 - Repo games. - Okay.
 I can't answer this because I know this one.
 I don't know what this means.
 I think it's the only quiz show I know the format--
 or game show I know the format for because I read about it.
 Oh, okay. Right, Paul.
 So the others who know about it because they read about it.
 It's quite difficult because we wouldn't have--
 Do you have to come up with the first words
 of Emilio Estevez's films in the 1980s?
 Yes. Yes, that's it.
 No, it's that a couple of guys arrive and repossess your car
 unless you can answer a set of trivia questions
 in which case you get to keep it.
 It's like two events in my life combined into one.
 Both about circa 1998.
 But I think in this case,
 they were always going to have their car repossessed
 because they hadn't had their payment.
 They haven't done their payments,
 so they were going to get it repossessed anyway,
 and they're like, well, here's a chance to save your car, right?
 Yeah, it's you falling behind on your payments.
 But the reason I read about it is because
 didn't someone get shot?
 - Yeah. - I think that's the story about that.
 But weirdly, you'd think that the people doing the shooting,
 and they were done for attempted murder,
 and the people who were having their car repossessed,
 but they were happy about it.
 It was the neighbour who was pissed off at the camera
 and the parked in the driver. Yeah, exactly.
 I get those cameras out of my face.
 That's funny. You're in the picture.
 - OK, I don't know this one. - It's about weeing.
 You're weeing on a camera.
 - You're in the picture. - Oh, you're in.
 You're in the picture.
 How many photographs can you wee on in a minute?
 Is it, like, where's Wally?
 But you're in the picture, so it's where's you.
 - That is good. - That's very good.
 There's painting, and the main person's been replaced by you,
 and you've got to guess the name of the original painting.
 - Oh, that's a good one. - I think you're almost closest, Paul.
 It's celebrities.
 They insert their faces into holes cut out
 like those things you get at the seaside.
 - Oh, yeah. - Oh, OK.
 And you have to guess the image you're in
 based on you-can-ask-questions.
 - Oh, I see. - Oh, nice.
 - I think that's a good game. - Yeah, that's nice.
 - You know, it lasted one week. - Oh.
 There was an apology the next week saying that was awful.
 Sorry.
 Can I do one? Animal crack-ups.
 Do you know this one?
 Animal crack-ups.
 OK, there is a thing called Animal Crackers.
 So it's a Jigsaw show,
 and you have to fit back together pulverized biscuits.
 - Is that it? - No.
 Basically, they show lots of videos of animals doing funny things,
 and then they ask you questions about those animals,
 and then if you win, you get a stuffed animal.
 But I only really bring it up because it was hosted
 by a friend of the podcast, Alan Thickey.
 - Who is the Thickey bit? - Robin Thickey.
 - Robin Thickey. - Robin Thickey.
 - His father was like a big team. - Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You also wrote the theme tune to different strokes.
 That's exactly right.
 - And also he-- - One of my all-time favorite facts.
 He also sang the theme to Animal Crack-ups.
 Wow.
 You've been on Just A Minute, Paul, right?
 Yeah.
 You might have been good in 1928 America
 where there was a non-stop talking competition.
 Only if I was good at Just A Minute.
 - That's the only way that works. - You're not good at it.
 - It's just impossible. - Is it?
 Well, this one took four days.
 And after four days, there were still two people left,
 and they just split the prize between them.
 And they hadn't hesitated, deviated, or the other thing?
 Actually, they did repeat, which is the other thing,
 because repetition was allowed.
 One person repeatedly recited Lady Macbeth's speech
 until they passed out.
 It wasn't Gels Brandith, was it?
 There was a person who said something so offensive
 that the person who ran the competition called the police
 and they had them arrested.
 In 1928, that's probably pretty offensive.
 And the winners were given to the last two people.
 One of them was a swimming instructor
 who ran her own dance marathons.
 And the other one was a man who previously made his name
 winning flagpole sitting competitions.
 - Amazing. - That's so good.
 Have you ever seen "What's My Line"
 with the intruder who comes on?
 I haven't seen it, but I read about it.
 It's so surreal.
 So it was filmed live until the '60s,
 which I think was quite late for shows to be filmed live,
 so anything could happen.
 It's 1962, and the panel's blindfolded, as we've explained,
 and the celebrity guest comes on, it's this Greek actress.
 And as they're asking her stuff,
 this man appears in a suit, a very well-dressed man,
 and he just walks on very calmly, and he says,
 "I'm the second mystery guest. Guess who I am?"
 And then he starts talking about a dating service that he runs.
 And the host, what's he called?
 - John Charles Dailey. - Dailey.
 It's great, apparently, obviously he had a code for it,
 because he just says into the microphone,
 "We have a small problem.
 Gil, will you get the relieving unit in, please?"
 They winked him off.
 And he said, "That's all I wanted."
 And then he left the stage.
 That was the grand prize this week.
 It was always going to be that.
 - Sorry, I had to blindfold you. - Wow.
 And then he said, "Schedule two,"
 which makes me really want to know what schedule one and three were.
 And then you see men hurry past the camera.
 But the interesting thing was, this guy was identified
 as someone called Ronald Melstein,
 who had a dating company he's trying to promote
 in this unusual way, apparently.
 And he disappeared, and then years later, this was in '62,
 and then in 1987, there's this really dramatic police chase,
 and one of the police cars runs into a tree
 next to the taken to hospital.
 Another police car slips on an oil slick.
 They catch up with the guy there chasing,
 who's running a prostitution ring, and it is Ronald Melstein.
 Oh, at least they found out what his line was.
 May have taken 25 years.
 The greatest contestant we ever had.
 Okay, that's it. That is everyone's facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you want to get in touch with anyone here today,
 I'm Andy on...
 I'm @andrewhunterm on Twitter.
 @James.
 My Twitter is @JamesHarkin.
 Paul, is there anywhere people can get in touch with you?
 Yes, on Amazon, on an advert for the book,
 One Sinner Lifetime.
 Amazon.co.uk.
 And you'll reply to every individual person
 who gets in touch on Amazon by buying your book.
 Absolutely, every single one.
 Great.
 Or you can get in touch with all of us as a group
 by going to Instagram @NoSuchingAsAfish
 or on Twitter @NoSuchThing.
 Or email podcast@QI.com.
 And of course, you can also go to our website,
 NoSuchThingAsAfish.com, and get tickets for our tour.
 We are so excited.
 We are kicking off within the next few weeks, in fact.
 So get there, get your tickets now.
 And fitting that, we'll be here again next week.
 We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
