 It's a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and Alex Bell, and once again we have gathered around the microphones of our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Alex.
 My fact this week is that 1% of the entire planet's wood supply is turned into IKEA furniture.
 Bullshit.
 That is true.
 But they've only got 400 or so shops globally that we haven't been to one.
 Yeah, but they're pretty big.
 Think about how many books there are, right, in the world, and how many trees are needed
 for that.
 So if you think of an Amazon warehouse globally, all the warehouses, surely more wood
 goes there.
 I think the amount of volume that passes through those shops is huge.
 So one of the reasons that their furniture is so cheap is the way they've packaged it.
 So if you open up an IKEA bookcase package, it's incredibly tightly packed together.
 There's very little polystyrene in it, and that's like part of the reason it's so cheap
 apparently.
 Also, you have to transport it from one place to another, but you're not transporting
 any air, which is heavy, when you put a lot of it in there, they're wooden lorries.
 So one thing that you can't really flat pack is sofas and armchairs, because they just
 come as one big object, don't they?
 And so one way they tried to fix that was by making it inflatable sofas, and by making
 these inflatable sofas they would reduce the use of raw materials by 85% and transport
 volume by 90%.
 Wow.
 And the idea was you would buy this inflatable sofa, you'd blow it up at home, and then you'd
 put some cloth over it, and you wouldn't know that it was air.
 So basically?
 But aren't they effectively manufacturing furniture for bouncy castles?
 Yeah, but bouncy castles are quite comfortable, if you've ever sat on one, you've never watched
 a whole film on a bouncy castle though, which I do want to do that sometimes.
 Who was it who did?
 Who was it?
 We'll see, would you?
 Yeah, we'll see, would you?
 Our friend comedian, we'll see, did bouncy castle hamlet and bouncy castle mudbeth.
 But in that case, he was acting on the bouncy castle rather than people watching on the bouncy
 castle.
 Yeah, it's true.
 I would go to a bouncy theatre, but that's because a lot of theatre's have very uncomfortable
 seats.
 Yeah.
 Hang on.
 So did this work?
 So did this work?
 Well, it did work up to a point in that you could sit on them.
 The problem was they picked up a lot of static electricity, and so they turned into massive
 dust collectors, so you would be full of dust.
 And also, they didn't really weigh anything.
 So it flew too late.
 Yeah, that's basically it.
 They would kind of float away from where you left them.
 So the one good thing about a sulphur is it's always in the same place.
 Yeah.
 I think that's the one good thing about a sulphur.
 It's one of the good things.
 Oh, sure.
 One of them.
 Yeah.
 So this is like a hover so far.
 It was a bit like that.
 The stars, they would all start to gather in one corner of the star.
 And one of their works at IKEA said they were like a gathering of swollen hippos.
 Oh, wow.
 But can you imagine coming into work and then all of the selfies have moved to one fire?
 It's terrifying.
 You would be paranoid that they're conspiring against you.
 You've got the mid-meeting like toy story.
 So that's the thing about IKEA is that the store's famously, you can only go around
 the one way.
 There's a few shortcuts.
 Yeah.
 I've heard this.
 So like often they're like the door section and they're all fake doors and one of them's a
 real door.
 And you have two IKEA workers.
 One of them is always the last to tell the truth to me.
 But the Guardian did a thing about the architecture of an IKEA shop.
 They interviewed a few architectural professors and they found that 60% of IKEA purchases are
 impulse.
 The reason they get so many impulse purchases is that you have to put an item in your trolley
 when you see it because otherwise you probably won't see it again because you're going
 around the whole shop.
 Yeah.
 So you can just sling it anything.
 I'll put it there for the moment.
 Yeah.
 I always go around twice once making a mental image of everything I want to buy.
 Do you really?
 Everyone in the IKEA control room is like, who is this freak who is watching my monocles?
 That's like those mind palaces, isn't it?
 You have a mind IKEA shop.
 There's full of hundreds of hundreds of items.
 Do you know about Janja Wintersall?
 No.
 Okay, she has a mind palace and she was given a week to memorize all 328 pages and 4818 items
 of the 2018 IKEA catalog and she managed to do it.
 Wow.
 You're kidding, really?
 Well, as in people have tested her and she's got everything right.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, she got that.
 Twice as many IKEA catalogs are printed every year as Bibles.
 Oh, there.
 Yeah.
 And 75% of the IKEA catalog is CGI.
 It's not real.
 What?
 I know.
 No.
 What does that mean?
 I have no other pictures.
 The finish was really if you buy.
 You know, just like in a full three or so.
 I mean, like the pictures aren't actual pictures of the product.
 The item.
 They're the CGI rendering.
 They're actually Andy Circus pretending to be so far.
 Just speaking of the catalog and memory of all the items, all the items obviously have
 very odd names.
 Yes.
 So you'd have to be memorizing these very odd names as well.
 Like Billy Bookcase.
 Exactly.
 It was revealed this year, why they're called, what they're called, all the items at IKEA.
 And it's to do with the founder and the fact that Camprad is his own name.
 He is the K in IKEA.
 Okay.
 Camp member is first name, but it begins with I.
 Yeah.
 And the initial is his first name, his second name.
 And then I believe it's his, the town he lived in, the lake that he lived next to.
 The farm where he grew up.
 And then his hometown.
 There we go.
 Yeah.
 So he had dyslexia.
 Right.
 He found it impossible to just memorize regular codes and regular names.
 So they came up with this system whereby everything in IKEA was given something that he could
 relate to so that he could, he could memorize the category of name that it has.
 So for example, if it's a bed textile, it will be named after a flower or a plant.
 So he'll know, okay, it's going to be a flower plant.
 That's easy to remember.
 Beds, wardrobes and hall furniture are Norwegian name places.
 Old cases are either Scandinavian boy names or professions.
 And so every little product has its own category of, of theme.
 But all of his children are named after things that you can get in a house.
 What?
 So he's got a child called bed and another one called, yes.
 There's another one percent fact here because Billy Bookcases, there are about 60 million
 in the world, which is nearly one for every 100 people.
 Does anyone here have a Billy Bookcase?
 Yeah, I do.
 How many three?
 You've got three.
 Yeah.
 I've got three as well, I think.
 I, I used to have somebody don't any mark.
 I've got one.
 So that's seven between us.
 So we are, we have more than average.
 That's more than one percent.
 Yeah.
 That's more than one percent.
 What we would actually need is, um, not point, not four of them.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Matt Banta there.
 And they also use one percent of the world's cotton every year, according to them.
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 Can Prade use to be a Nazi?
 I know.
 It was such a shame.
 He seemed like such a quirky, fun character and then it got to that bit of the story.
 It's the elephant in the room.
 Yeah.
 And the elephant is wearing a swastika round band.
 I'm afraid.
 Yeah.
 He's a player.
 He has a apologise for it.
 Very previously.
 He was a teenager.
 He was 17 in 1943.
 So, uh, he wasn't involved in the early stages.
 We can say that.
 Do you remember the actor, Haley Gelozman?
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 He was in the Sixth Sense.
 Exactly.
 The kid in the Sixth Sense.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Uh, he was discovered in an Ikea.
 What did he say?
 His parents had lasted three years earlier.
 Yeah.
 Haley Gelozman.
 Um, he was in, uh, in Burbank in America, they have an Ikea.
 He was inside it and there were just people sitting there taking photos, casting kids basically
 and they just, it was just a desk and said, come over, have your photo taken and we'll
 put you up for casting.
 And so he was with his parents walking through Ikea, saw that sat down.
 They took photos of him and he immediately got cast for a Pizza Hut commercial for their
 new Bigfoot pizza.
 So the head of it now, we find our way down found this time.
 It's an anti-tangental Ikea information with a keyword Bigfoot right to the end.
 So we have a Google Alert set up for Bigfoot.
 So while he was on TV, Robert Zamekis or Tom Hanks must have seen it because they then
 called him in or the casting director certainly for the movie Forest Gump.
 So he, before he was in six cents, he plays Forest Gump's son at the end of the movie.
 It does, he.
 And then he went on to six cents and so on, but discovered in an Ikea.
 What was the main feature of the Bigfoot Pizza?
 Why was it called a Bigfoot Pizza?
 I reckon it must have been big.
 Was it shaped like a foot?
 It tasted like feet.
 [laughter]
 It tasted like a foot.
 Or you ordered it, open it and nothing was there.
 Just a blurry photo of a pizza.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the Nazca people would employ someone to walk around with
 a dead fox on their head.
 Cool.
 So the Nazca people, these are the people of Peru from my holiday.
 From your holiday.
 I've just come back from Peru.
 Yep.
 I want to talk about Peru because I think it's amazing.
 I found it quite hard finding out about this fact James and I presume that's because you've
 got the fact from a tour guide or from some intrinsic esoteric bit of location.
 James was the guy that they employed to walk around.
 I got this from an exhibition at the National Art Museum of Lima and it was someone who
 listens to this podcast called Patricia who took me and my wife round and one of the
 things I had in this museum was a dead fox and apparently what happened was if you were
 growing crops and you wanted to scare the birds away, they didn't have scarecrows.
 They were to have a person with a fox on their head.
 So the birds flying around would see the fox and think that's a fox and I'm not going to
 go down and eat the crops.
 It's just like a human scarecrop.
 That's great but why wouldn't all farmers just then not wear a dead fox on their head every
 day?
 Because they're heavy.
 Are they?
 A whole fox.
 Yeah.
 A whole fox is different.
 It's pretty much like, the one that they had in the museum was like a spread out.
 Carpet kind of thing.
 Kind of a carpet thing.
 You can get fox shawls, you know, like scarves that are posh old women wear in the 19s.
 Yeah, but a bird's not going to get tricked by that.
 No, it's true.
 But you'd look amazing.
 I think I'm not sure it was actually a fox because I'm not sure it was a fox.
 It's not going to find it online.
 Were you even in Peru?
 I have a feeling it might have been a Zorro, which is a...
 The mask of Zorro.
 The mask of Zorro.
 Zorro is a Peruvian desert fox, a faux fox.
 But the Nazca's are famous.
 They're pre-Columbian.
 So before the Europeans went over to Peru and they're most famous because they lived in
 the desert and they made these massive lines in the middle of the desert, which you can
 go and visit and you fly off them and you can see all these different shapes of things.
 Are they amazing to see?
 They were quite amazing to see here, basically because I always wanted to.
 Yeah.
 And so I was impressed by them.
 Were they larger than you would have expected?
 They were smaller to me because I was a long way away and they're a plane.
 But some are bigger than others and you have lots of shapes of animals and stuff and there
 are some massive ones which are just a triangle, so they're a bit shit.
 But then there are smaller ones, which are like a monkey or something or a killer whale
 and they're really cool.
 That's very cool.
 So they didn't know what they looked like.
 Is this the latest theory?
 I've read a better theory.
 I think it's an incredible coincidence, they all look like animals if they didn't know.
 I mean, that would explain the triangles.
 I think they would know.
 They didn't have power flights, so the question is how do they know?
 There are hills around, so they'd be able to stand on their hills and see them.
 Have you heard of hot air balloon theory?
 Oh god.
 Sorry.
 This is a man.
 Why do I get the feeling this is going to be full of hot air?
 This is a man who is called Jim Woodman from the 1970s.
 One percent of him is owned by IKEA.
 In the 1970s he put forward this theory that in fact the Nazca people did see these line
 formations and they did it from the air by hot air balloons which he believes they were
 able to build.
 So what he said is that he noticed that they had an amazing textile industry that had
 high grade weaving and clothes.
 That's true.
 Yep.
 And he also said that they knew what smoke did.
 They knew that hot air rise and so on.
 They knew the basic things and all they needed to do was put two things together.
 We've not found any hot air balloons.
 Because he says, he floated away, Jim.
 Exactly.
 He floated away to the 19th century.
 What he says is that they used it for burial rituals.
 So what they were doing were they were putting the dead Nazca people inside the hot air balloons
 and they would fly off into the Pacific Ocean.
 So but if you happen to accidentally be in one of the funeral baskets of a hot air balloon
 then you could see from above.
 There's a few holes obviously in his theory.
 One is that he actually tested it out using the basic stuff that they had and it could only
 make sort of awkward liftoffs for a few minutes at a time.
 I read that they built one.
 They got to about 400 feet up.
 Oh, well maybe they kept going.
 Maybe this is an old article.
 Why are you encouraging him?
 Because I think this actually holds a lot of water this theory.
 So do you?
 Yes.
 So they were professional ballooners to build this trial balloon in 1975.
 Admittedly they were doing it to a design from the 18th century still, but they used only
 things that the Nazca people would have had available to them.
 So only local cloths using the same sort of materials and crops.
 Even the fires that they got the hot air from were made using wood that was available locally
 and it did work.
 I mean obviously it would have been for a treat or a special occasion.
 Right.
 Here's the problem with the Pacific Ocean burial theory is that the prevailing wids are
 going in a different direction.
 That's true.
 So if the balloon did go up it would crash into the Andy's mountains on the east of it.
 But there are a lot of hills around there, a mountain, so you can see it from high up
 I think.
 So if you go to the north floor to the theory of them not seeing it, you can actually see it
 from mountains.
 It's a way easier.
 Is it not something about all being along the same line of longitude or last year?
 They're all basically in a straight line around the world.
 Correct.
 Well, the people who I spoke to reckon that they are, do you remember in the Viking times
 they would have like labyrinths and you would walk around them and it would be a kind
 of penance, or it would be a kind of a religious walk or something like that?
 And they think a lot of them because of that because if you look at them, they're
 like labyrinths.
 There's one way in and one way out and you can walk along them as they, you know, if you
 think of a monkey which is a line drawing, you can walk into the tail, go all the way around
 it and then come out from the legs.
 Like an edge of sketch of things.
 Exactly like that.
 Yeah.
 But I think the truth is nobody knows because when the Spanish came they got rid of all
 of the history and also they didn't write anything down the Nusca people and actually
 none of the pre-Columbians wrote anything down.
 They didn't have any writing.
 The Alex and I went to a talk where we found out how they were made.
 Oh, really?
 So we went to see this guy, a historian called Eric Von Daniken, and I was like, what are
 you trying to mean to this?
 You came along and Eric Von Daniken, who was a very big part of a TV series called Ancient
 Aliens, but obviously writer of the book chariots of the gods, which was the global sensational,
 bestselling, greatest book ever published.
 It was a piece of bullshit.
 Great nonfiction.
 Yeah, obviously that's a massive theory that they had helped from aliens, but obviously when
 you look at it, it looks more like it's Horde of Balloons.
 I don't like this tactic of you giving one ridiculous theory and then giving one even
 more ridiculous theory and expecting us to buy the second one.
 That's like the prices.
 What is that?
 Yeah.
 There's a pricing theory in shops where they say, you can have this one, just as cheap and
 cost 50 quid.
 So much costs 600 quid.
 Or you can have the 10,000 pounds one, so you get the 600 quid one.
 Or it's like a chainsaw thing in the triangle.
 Now it's kind of a bit shit because it's a monkey one right next to it and it's like it's
 still pretty high effort.
 Yeah, that's good line.
 That's true.
 Actually, while we were in Peru, we went to a place called the Sistine Chapel of America,
 Pedro de Andecualeías, or something like that, and it's very nice church, but the talk
 I was a bit boring, so we kind of just ducked out and next to it there was a little museum
 of like Nazca people, and they had a whole load of stuff about aliens and it was a proper
 museum.
 And they had these elongated skulls that they find sometimes and stuff like that.
 And they literally in this museum had no bit of saying, no, it's not aliens.
 And they're just like, nobody knows.
 You're kidding, that's so cool.
 As I was there, I was like, "Dan would love this museum."
 That's amazing.
 I think it was the previous people in the same area who made the elongated skulls, I can't
 remember the name because of the peep, but I've got it in my notes somewhere.
 Do you know how the Nazca died out?
 Oh, glue away.
 Overfolded by something quite irritatingly dull.
 Is it El Nino or like some kind of weather phenomenon?
 Yeah, it is.
 Alex, I don't think it's irritatingly dull, but sorry, if it is, what I remember was like
 not alien, like not like, there weren't like white-to-white meteors, it was just like...
 Well, it is to do with crops, so let's see how far we get, shall we?
 So basically, they used to live on these trees called fire angos, which are very, very
 cool, very hardwood, very good for building things.
 And the roots go 150 feet down because it's so dry there.
 So they used to live on those.
 And then they started chopping them all down, kind of like Easter Island, so that they
 could grow crops, right?
 And then they grew loads and loads of crops, and then at about 500 AD, there was a massive
 flood, which completely destroyed their civilization, swept across the plain, destroyed all their
 homes, and within 200 years they'd been conquered and died out.
 But the way we know this is so cool, a team from Cambridge University went there, and they
 measured the amount of pollen in the soil at different depths.
 So they can say, "Oh, well, up to 400 AD, there's loads of horango pollen, then there's
 a bit of cotton pollen, and then suddenly there's this big boom in loads of other crops, like
 squash and mazes and things."
 And that's how they knew that they'd chop down all the trees in the area, and they were just
 having huge fields of crops instead.
 Right.
 That's what they do.
 Wow.
 So they do crop circles then as well.
 No.
 For the aliens.
 Oh my God.
 There is one theory, by the way, which is, it is to do with aliens, but it's a more like
 one of these unreasonable ideas.
 It's a more scientific approach, which is that rather than the aliens built the line,
 like us setting up setty or things in order to look to the universe for signals of life,
 it was basically big SOS, not SOS, but you know what I mean, it was attempt to communicate.
 There were attempts of saying there was life down here and drawing animals so that anyone
 looking down onto Earth might see that things were man-made.
 Again, it's a theory I've not spoken to.
 And his later James Fizer and I'm playing some now-special.
 OK, there's time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that instead of going outside, the painter Gainesborough painted outdoor scenes
 by making a little model with moss and broccoli.
 So broccoli were his trees.
 Exactly.
 And he used coal for boulders.
 He used coal.
 And he used cables for stones.
 Exactly.
 So he was a famous landscape painter.
 British, right.
 British.
 It was born in 1727, just to give you an idea, died in 1788.
 And yeah, he would make inspiration, these weird little models, and then he used broccoli
 for trees.
 It's all because it's basically a piece of art for another piece of art.
 Yeah, it is.
 Yeah.
 He wasn't painting directly from them, but it was to give him ideas of what he wanted
 to move.
 What goes where and what.
 Yeah, because it's much easier to move a piece of broccoli than it is to move a tree.
 And it's all about the shape of the painting.
 He was really precise about the exact shape of his hilt and where the cow would go and everything.
 Did he have little cows?
 Yep.
 Great.
 What were they made of?
 Like cockroaches.
 That's right.
 That's why if you look closely at the Gainesborough painting, all the cows have little antenna
 and hard shell-like bodies.
 One of the reasons that he's not as famous, I didn't know his name, I have to admit.
 And he gets often compared to, is it Constable who lived very much near him?
 And I think partly the reason is he was held back slightly by his little broccoli model
 village.
 Oh my god, stuck in it.
 Because with Constable, there's a great thing of geographically, you can visit all of
 the lands that he was painting, and that's a huge thing to go there and wander through
 the fields and look at the trees that were, you know, in his paintings.
 But yeah.
 I'm sorry, I've eaten it.
 It is tragic though, because he loved landscapes, but the thing that sold and made you money
 at the time was portraits, obviously, for wealthy people commissioning pictures.
 But he just wanted to do the landscapes that's all he was really interested in.
 So it's really sad.
 They only became popular as things you could buy just in their own right after his death.
 His brothers were quite interesting.
 His brother Humphrey was a mechanic, and he invented a method of condensing steam in
 sort of separate containers that then James Watts used when he was developing his engine.
 How can you find that interesting and stuff about pollen in that has irritatingly dull.
 No, he said irrigating.
 And his other brother was called John, but everyone called him scheming jack, because he used
 to come up with the ideas of curiosity.
 Yeah, he invented copper wings that he tried to fly with, and he had a sulphur.
 Yeah, and he had a self-rocking crib and a cuckoo that cuckoo's all year long, a cuckoo
 clock.
 It's useful.
 Yeah, a cuckoo clock.
 Yeah, that cuckoo'd all year long.
 Well, most cuckoo clocks that are made in Germany or wherever, they don't only do it
 once.
 Do it during spring.
 No, but they do, like, once an hour, right?
 I think his was just cuckooing all the time.
 They sound like quite a group of, you know, the brothers are all making things, aren't
 they?
 Yeah, that's what I mean.
 I mean, it's a very interesting spread.
 You often get them with this, this would let historical families, they often have really
 interesting...
 Is it 'cause they're all rich and they don't have to do proper jobs?
 Probably.
 I think he wasn't very rich to start off.
 He became very wealthy, and he got really annoyed later in life, because he got annoyed
 with customers saying, "Can you paint my child dressed up as Henry VIII, please?"
 But I wanted you to get my child exactly right, and he said, "You're not going to get
 a good likeness of your child if he's dressed as Henry VIII in this painting."
 I read that he painted with paint brushes that were six feet long.
 I read that.
 I'm not sure whether it's completely true.
 I suppose I knew what he did, but he put the canvas he was painting on right next to
 the person sitting for the painting, and then he'd paint from a bit further back.
 I think unbelievable amount of size skill, if you can do that, I paint a vague likeness of
 someone's child.
 Have you heard about his huge rivalry?
 Oh, with Joshua Reynolds.
 With Joshua Reynolds, who was another very famous artist of the time?
 And they just really got on each other's nerves.
 And so once Joshua Reynolds insisted that blue wasn't really a good colour, I think he was
 saying that it should most be used in small amounts, unless you're painting the sky, obviously.
 But anyway, one of Gainesville's most famous paintings is called The Blue Boy, as a young
 man who is in a completely blue suit.
 So there is a theory that says that this was painted as a reposter Reynolds saying, "You
 can use blue in paintings."
 Oh, the other argument is he painted the blue by, and then Reynolds said, "Actually blue,
 and you should really only paint girls."
 Exactly.
 And there is a painting that recently found which was by Gainesboro, and then someone slagged
 it off to the man who's had a commission, and the man who's had a commission, hired Reynolds
 to repaint everything except a thing.
 But now the painting is 80% different, so underneath 80% of it is an original Gainesboro.
 And then the top 80% is Reynolds, which is such a deep criticism.
 Just a few other odd ways that artists paint these days, different methods.
 This is really interesting.
 In Ukraine, there is a series of scuba divers that now go down and do underwater paintings.
 Under watercolors.
 Yes, underwater colour paintings, yeah.
 And so they go underwater for up to 40 minutes of a time.
 They bring with them canvases that are obviously water resistant, and they use water resistant
 paints.
 But now all these landscapes of underneath the ocean, of seaweed and so on, painted from
 the bottom of the ocean.
 Really cool like that.
 That's tough if you can't use blue as well, isn't it?
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the US Navy submarines are starting to control their periscopes with
 Xbox controllers.
 It's amazing.
 Yeah.
 Starting too.
 So they've started trialing the use of it, the trials went very well, and now they're implementing
 it properly.
 You're able to.
 So the idea behind this, I used to have in my head the way that periscopes work, and
 I think I got this from Batman movies from the '60s, you used to have some person looking
 through almost like the Peep Show contraption.
 These binoculars that would be sent up to the surface, and you would move it around like
 that.
 These days they have a joystick, and the joystick people have been finding very hard
 to use, and they started testing it out then by using Xbox controllers, thinking let's
 see how this goes down well, and everyone has taken to it surprisingly well, to the point
 of accuracy that it just makes more sense to do it, both for the accuracy, and then
 secondly for the cost, because these controllers cost nothing, but these joysticks that they're
 paying for each time, costs tens of thousands of dollars.
 To get joysticks these days, isn't it?
 It's hard to get joysticks.
 Yeah.
 Can you use any of these Wii controllers if you prefer?
 It's dangerous using a Wii controller though, because if you wave your arm, it might fire
 a torpedo by the same way.
 But that's what happened when Wii first came out, isn't it, everyone smashed everything
 in their houses?
 Yeah.
 That was a big thing.
 Well said at the time.
 And you don't want to smash a window in a submarine?
 No.
 Yeah, I believe that the captains and so on who've been talking about the fact that this is
 going to go into place is saying, you know, if one breaks and you happen to be near land,
 you can just go to a local shop by a new Xbox controller.
 Of course, the thing about being a submarine is, there's no guarantee you've been there.
 That's the problem.
 Well, maybe they should buy a few to bring with them.
 So I was looking to Periscopes.
 Oh yeah.
 I didn't know that Periscopes were not invented for the submarine, they were invented or popularized
 if you'd like by the First World War in the trenches.
 And the other thing that was invented was the Periscope Rifle where you attach the firing
 mechanism and the rifle to a Periscope so you can fire from the safety of your own trench
 completely inside your trench.
 Now the disadvantage was that they were much less accurate than actually looking through
 the size of proper rifle, obviously, because they're a bit sharp, but they were used to
 great deal in the campaign at Gallipoli.
 And in Gallipoli, accuracy mattered a lot less because some trenches were five yards
 away from each other.
 No.
 Oh my God.
 So during World War I, the Allies tried to train Seagulls to defecate on the Periscopes
 of viewboats so they wouldn't be able to see where they were going.
 How did it go?
 It didn't go so well.
 The main problem was twofold.
 They couldn't tell the difference between friendly subs and enemy subs.
 And also they didn't tend to go out to see very much Seagulls, they tend to live on cliffs
 where there are so many submarines.
 Around the home basically.
 So the other thing they did was they would send two swimmers to a submarine.
 One would have a black bag and the other one would have a hammer.
 And the first one would try and put the black bag over the Periscope so they couldn't
 see where they were going.
 And if he failed the other one would smash the glass with a hammer.
 It feels like the second guy is the most important one.
 Yeah.
 Because he can do the most damage.
 Yeah.
 No.
 No, the second guy feels like an afterthought of a plan.
 And what if that doesn't work, sir?
 Smash it with a hammer.
 You'd think that one swimmer could cope with a big black bag and a hammer.
 Yes.
 I mean, how big were hammers back in the first World War?
 They were small but black bags were massive.
 Do you know there are some golf courses which have Periscopes?
 James, do you like golf?
 I do.
 I know that if you go and watch golf tournaments or this happened in the past, I don't know if
 it still happens.
 I haven't been to one for ages, but you would be able to buy little Periscopes because everyone
 stands around the green because they want to watch what's happening.
 Yeah.
 There's only so much space.
 There's lots of people.
 So you can see over the top of people's heads.
 That is great.
 James, this is not universal.
 You haven't missed it at every course.
 But there are golf courses which have Periscopes.
 I found one from the '20s and then I found one, modern one, modern one, where the first
 hole is quite hard to see to the green.
 So you need to see if the previous golfing party have moved on to the green before you drive
 a golf ball at them towards the green.
 So they have a 30 foot high Periscope which is from an old Navy submarine.
 They took it off in the '60s and they installed it at the golf course so you can just check
 out the line at the land ahead of you whether it's safe to play.
 There are a lot of courses that you have blind shots that you can't see the shot but the way
 they deal with it is with a little bell and after you've played your shot you ring the bell
 so it's safe for the other guys to play behind you.
 But you may not.
 No.
 If there's no one there, you've come after they've left.
 No one's there to ring the bell.
 Yeah.
 What you need is a constantly ringing cookie clock.
 You can say 'go'.
 But you can slightly pause people.
 That's a problem.
 It's constantly ringing.
 Yeah.
 But then you get there and you hold the beak of the cookies.
 But yeah.
 A while trying to swing.
 I think this is how crazy golf was invented.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 James.
 At X-shaped.
 Andy.
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 And Alex.
 At Alex Bell.
 We have our Twitter account at no such thing or you can email us on podcast@QI.com.
 And also you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish dot com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We have links to our tour in October and November.
 And we also have a link to our book.
 The book of the year coming out November the second.
 We'll be back again next week.
 If you want to chat to us about this week's episode, we're going to be on Facebook live
 this Monday, like 30pm UK time.
 And we'll see you again next week with another episode.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
