 [Music]
 Hi everyone, welcome to Meet the Elves, which is a new bonus feature for you lovely
 Patreon and Apple subscribers, where we are meeting one of the QI elves who you have not
 heard before on our podcast. And you might hear in the future, who knows? And today we're
 speaking to Tara, hello Tara. Hello. And what we thought is, when we first did the podcast,
 there was never like, this is Andy and these are his likes and dislikes and he likes to
 go for long walks along the beach and all that kind of stuff. We just got straight into
 the facts and people got to know us through our facts. We were going to do that, but when
 we found out it was just moss and trams, we thought let's drop this. I like short walks
 along canals. So what we thought we'd do is just get straight into it. And Tara, I think
 you brought us a question. Yes, I did. And then we're going to chat our way through it
 and see if we can answer it. Okay, so my question is, what would make the Nazis apologize for
 Overlord's success? Okay, that sounds cryptic. Yeah, Overlord's success. What would make
 them apologize? I mean, I'm not aware of any big Nazi apologies. Like mid-war apologies.
 I don't think it was very apologetic. I'm aware of some Nazi apologists. But is it
 a famous apology, Tara? It's not very well known, I don't think, but it was something
 that they had to do. A specific guy had to apologize to someone else. Okay. Was either
 of these guys Hitler? No. Okay. Okay. What's the biggie out of the way? Yeah, they do say
 never apologize, never explained. They do. That's, is that like a political thing? Yeah,
 I think it is. Yeah. No, the Royals is never complain, never explain. Or maybe it's just
 never. No, yeah, I think it is. I think that supposedly the Royals have a thing of they
 never complain and they never explain. And I think never apologize, never explain is
 to get on in politics. You just sort of keep restating your simple one point over and over.
 Hence those interviews where there's that almost standoff between a Paxman and a that
 kind of moment. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. Okay. So does that, is that a, is that the answer?
 No. Try focusing on like overlord. Okay. So Operation Overlord. Yes. Right. Is a thing.
 Yes, it is. Was it D-Day? I think it was. Was it a British thing? Or was it a? Yeah.
 So it was the D-Day landings. Battle of Normandy is Operation Overlord. Yeah. Got it. Okay. So
 this is something to do with the D-Day landings. Yeah. It's an apology. Who's a, can I hear
 the question one more time? Just for the listener as well, who may have. What would make the
 Nazis apologize for Overlord's success? Okay. Okay. Can I tell you a quick fact about Operation
 Overlord? Yeah. It once lost me a quiz when I was 10 years old. Oh. I know. It's a huge
 school quiz. I think we've done quite a lot. My team was in the, I don't know, semi finals
 or finals or something. Of course. And I remember, there was a lot riding on the last question
 of the quiz and it was what was the codename for the Normandy landings. It's tough for
 10 year olds. Yeah. Primary school. Well, it was very military based. This is our bread
 and butter. Yeah. Yeah. And I think I answered D-Day because I thought that was the codename
 and it wasn't the codename. The codename was Operation Overlord. I once did a quiz at school,
 which I equally didn't win. Which I should have won, which I was really annoyed about.
 These are all formative. These are like the X-Men moments where I'm going to learn all
 the facts now. Yeah. It was in the style of Mastermind. And my specialist subject was
 the Olympics. Okay. It's a big subject, but I learned all, I still know the order of
 all the Olympics. And that's from when I was 11 years old, 12 years old. But the question
 was, it was about, in one of the Olympics, the Israeli team were attacked and it was
 like a huge thing. They almost cancelled the Olympics, but they decided to go through
 with it. Yeah. And the question was not even about that. It was about, it was in which
 Olympics did such, such a person do such, such a thing. I answered the question correctly
 and then the teacher spent about a minute and a half explaining to the class about this
 terrible thing that happened. But I only had three minutes to answer the questions. So
 I only got like two or three questions, whereas all the others were getting like 10, 11, 12
 minutes. It was an absolute outrage. You're still bitter about it. I admit I'm not the
 person who was most badly done to in that whole story if you take it as a story. But
 you do appear as a footnote, don't you? It's interesting, like, because I remember that
 so clearly, like presumably you do as well. I hadn't remembered it until Tara said overlord
 today. And then it did come back to me quickly. I remember where I was sitting, I remember
 which room at school I was in, you know, I really, yeah, yeah. Any similar things that
 happened to you, Tara in school? No, you won all your quizzes. We didn't really have quizzes
 like that. No, no, we had like a Spanish dance festival for the languages department. Oh
 yeah. Don't know that would count. Did you absolutely slash it? We came second. Did you
 also didn't win? There are no prizes for coming. Well, there might be some prizes for coming
 second actually. People say that don't they though? There are no prizes for coming second.
 It's usually not true. Yes, it was always not true. I told my one, my formative one
 on the podcast years ago. Did you remember? Yeah, I was it was when I was at my Steiner
 school and we made it to it was just a classroom. We divide up into teams and we got both of
 us ended with the highest score. So there was a tie break question and the tie break
 question was name all of the seven dwarves. Do you remember the story? Oh, yeah. Yeah,
 got to name all the seven dwarves. We got six of them. We couldn't think of the last
 one. And then my buddy Dan Nice and said, I know it. I know it. It's the name of my dad.
 And the name of his dad was Doc. And because he was a musician in Australia, Doc Neeson.
 Unfortunately, Dan mixed up the fact in his head because Doc was his dad's stage name,
 not his real name. So what we ended up putting down on the paper was Happy Sad Baba and Dan's
 dad's real name, which was Bernard. We lost, but we trusted him because he went I've had
 this my whole life. I know it. My dad's got a dwarf name. I don't think of you as doing
 quizzes at your school because what you tell us about your school makes it sound so hippie
 ish that I think you only did like the vibrating properties of metal, like that.
 Yeah. What was your school like? Did you have any hippie element, Tara? Not at all. It was
 like very straightforward, the whole thing. But I got like fiercely competitive with English
 coursework, which isn't going to surprise anyone. What was it about? We did a range of
 like different things, but I was very proud that I ended like GCSEs with the highest score
 of anyone in the school. One mark off 100. Oh no, what do you get wrong? It was a question
 about JK Rowling and I got it wrong. I'm not mad about that now. In your GCSEs? It was
 coursework we did. Yeah, it was like a listening thing we had to do interview. I just can't
 believe that Rowling would have been in GCSEs when you were at Tara's a lot younger than
 you. Hang on. She would only have been in her 20s. It doesn't make any sense. That's
 amazing. I got one. I once did in my maths mark. I only got one thing wrong in the mock
 exam. I struggled so hard to get a B in maths. Oh really? I hated that. What is that you
 deliberately, sorry, you weren't saying I struggled to damp down the natural A I would
 have got. No, no. I was only just posting about good exam results we got now. I feel like
 this is the... Lord my way to a B. The question that I got wrong in my maths mark was plus
 one. What was it? I put one plus one equals one. Oh. It's slightly more complicated. It's
 part of a larger equation kind of thing. But it was like, yeah, I had to do all these things
 and then there was a little bit where two sides of a triangle were one and I just instead
 of adding them together, I just put one plus one equals one. Oh my God. You were overthinking
 it maybe. Yeah. You were thinking of the complicated stuff. Yeah. I once got marked down because
 when we were all as a group travelling through the Astral Plane... She was a weird school.
 We've broken the format already. I actually once dropped a one mark in a history exam
 by failing to correctly reassemble the magazine of a Kalashnikov. It was a different model
 of Kalashnikov to the one I was used to training stripping and reassembling and I was so annoyed.
 I'm not there in law. I did do that at school. Stripped a Kalashnikov. I had to learn how
 to do it because she is Russian. Yeah. But yeah. You know, like we used to have like
 social education or whatever. PSH. Yeah. We put a condom on a banana. That's the Russian
 version of it. We put a condom on a gun. They don't do it anymore. I have to say, but when
 my mother-in-law was at school, that's what they had to do and it was like learning to
 put a gas mask on and so it was during the Cold War. I have done that as well, but not
 in school. Wait, done what? We've made about three different things. I can't remember
 what it was, but I reassembled a something gun. A gun? Really? No. Wow. This is the great
 thing about this format. It was going to learn so much more about what guns. I can't remember
 what it was. I used to be part of the air cadets. Did you? Cool. What are the air cadets? Is
 it proper military or is it? Yeah. So it's like Royal Air Force Junior. It's like teenagers
 and stuff. You know Muppet Babies. Young Indiana Jones. It's a cadet force. Lots of schools
 have a cadet force and you can choose that. So what did you learn? You learned to put
 a gun together. Honestly, there was just a lot of marching up and down and polish your
 shoes, but I did fly a plane. You flew a plane. You were piloting the plane. So you can pilot?
 I can't because I only did it once, so I need a pilot's license. But as in, if you were
 sat in a plane right now, like let's say it's desperate times, could you jump in a plane
 and take off? I think you're asking a lot of me. Can I just say in desperate times, it's
 usually can you land the plane not going to take off? That's just not fly. Should we get
 up back up? Absolutely. Operation overlapped. Okay. So are you saying the Nazis apologised
 in some way for Operation Overlord being a success? No. Why should they if it was a
 success? What's the question again? What would make the Nazis apologise for Overlord success?
 What would make it? Okay, so are we talking about the day landings? We are. And so if it
 was a success, then the allies would have succeeded. Yes. And obviously the Nazis would
 have not succeeded. Yes. And that would make sense that they would apologise. They would
 let you off if you say sorry. Okay. That's how it worked. Yes. The Nazis, yeah. So this
 is we're talking about double agents here. Oh, someone they thought was working for
 them. They apologise to him. But really he had been feeding them the wrong information.
 So this is like a Ben McIntyre thing, isn't it? So there's a British or an allied double
 agent who Nazis think is a German agent, but okay. You have actually covered him on the
 podcast before. You do know who this is. Oh, is it Cummings? No. No, is it Zigzag? Nope.
 Is it someone who's famous for something else? I mean, how he became a double agent, what
 you covered. And that is very funny and interesting. Okay. Okay. I think this was his biggest success.
 We have them almost 500 episodes. I know. This was episode 91. 91 classic episode. Wow.
 I don't remember this at all. Okay. Is it Fleming? No. Fleming wasn't a double agent.
 I think Fleming was just a... As far as we know, he was a double agent. An agent. Secret
 agent fan. Do you think that he's like... Mr. Bond, are you a double agent? You're gonna
 have to help us out, Sarah. Okay. His name, codename Garbo. Oh, Greta Garbo. Yes. Yes. That's
 who he was named for. Okay. Who is it? Who is it? So his full name was Juan Pujol Garcia.
 Spanish, right? Spanish. He hated... I know. Incredible detective work. Shall I chip in
 and say I think he was Spanish? I thought, no, maybe you're wrong. But then, it would
 have been so impressive and then it was so unimpressive. That's the problem. But I genuinely...
 You swuck on Fleming. Oh, yeah. He was definitely a Spanish-speaking country. I know that much.
 I genuinely didn't think it. And then... But that doesn't count for anything in this game.
 He was Catalan. Spanish civil war, hated fascism, hated communism and decided he was
 going to spy for the British. The British never hired him. He decided he was going to
 do it anyway. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. He was useless, wasn't he? No, he was great. He was
 their best double agent. He wasn't involved in any of the spying to do with the Normandy
 landings. Or was he...? Yes, so he was feeding them disinformation about where it was going
 to happen. So he said it was going to be further up the coast. So on the day they were ready
 for something, yeah. They were ready for it to happen in Calais. And I think he was doing
 something like 315 messages each about like 2,000 words long in the months leading up
 to this. So he's given them a lot of information. But at the very last minute, on the day itself,
 so 6th of June, at 3 a.m. he sent them a message saying that the landings are going to happen
 in Normandy, but it was just too late for them to do anything. So it keeps his cover.
 Exactly. But they didn't turn on their radios in Madrid, so they received it 3 hours later
 and thought it was their fault that they couldn't actually do anything about it. So good. You'd
 also think that was a drunk telegram, wouldn't you, at 3 a.m.? Yeah, honestly. We've all
 got drunk telegrams like that. You would probably, these days, you would save it in your draft
 telegrams and send it in the morning. Wow, that's great. Awesome fact. I read an obituary
 of someone who has just died and he was involved in the Normandy landings. He was one of the,
 he was in a midget submarine, so tiny things just under the surface of the water, observing
 for weather conditions in the English Channel on about the 5th of June, 1944, and so close
 to the beach, as in they could see German troops on the beach. And he spent about three
 days underwater in this tiny, tiny cramped coffin-like space with one colleague, and
 that was his involvement in helping to press go for the... Wow. He's just died. Well, I
 can't remember his name, unfortunately, but just what an incredible contribution to have
 made. What a role. So many little roles. Exactly. And it's also really interesting, when you
 read a description of an area you can visit and sort of feel what a possible moment would
 be like, I was reading Spike Milligan, who's one of my favorite comedians, he wrote a book
 called Adolf Hitler, My Partner's Downfall, and he was stationed at Bexhill on Sea, and
 he wasn't part of D-Day, but he was swimming in the sea on the day that D-Day... Just casually.
 Yeah, they were, because they were on the coast, and so it was a, you know, it was just
 an off day. They would go down to the beach and swim, and they said you could hear the
 sounds of it happening. Imagine that sound, knowing historically what that day was, you
 know, which at the time was... Well, they would have known it was happening, right? Exactly,
 they were so secretive. So he says we were in the ocean, and we could hear what's going
 on in the distance. So can you tell us any more about what was happening at the time?
 Well, actually, I found this quite funny. The next day after their supposed blunder,
 he sent them another message, which was very self-pitying, saying that I am disgusted as
 in this struggle for life and death. I cannot accept excuses or negligence, and were it not
 for my ideals and faith, I would abandon this work as having proved myself a failure. And
 that was when they sent him an apology. It was so funny. It wasn't actually the first
 time that he'd done an operation like this. There had been one operation torch in North
 Africa where, again, he'd given the right information, but too late for them to do anything about
 it. And they similarly sent a message saying, "We're sorry you arrived too late, but your
 last reports were absolutely magnificent." So it actually helped his standing with them.
 But it's really clever to give them the information that you must have known it, because you've
 given it before they learned it, but you give it just too late that they'll be able to do
 anything about it. It keeps your cover completely right.
 They thought he had this entire spy network within Britain, but it was actually, I think
 about 27 people who were completely fictional. He just made up their whole identity, background,
 whole thing. And as a result, I don't think they actually put any more spies or tried
 to put any more spies into Britain, because they thought he had it covered.
 Do you know, when I said before about drunk telegramming, I actually think there was a
 book which was written by Ben McIntyre called Agent Zigzag. There's so many of these stories
 about these double agents and how they had to double bluff and think of these little
 things to do. The Agent Zigzag, I can't remember his real name now, but he also did a thing
 where he sent basically a drunk message to the Germans for an overflight bombing that
 was going to happen, and it was wrong. And it was a giveaway that he was basically a
 double agent. And he followed it up by saying either I'm drunk or he said something went
 wrong and what my message was, he excused it as something, I think possibly drunk. And
 they accepted that, but they kind of shouldn't have, and it would have ruined everything
 of this huge moment in the war, a pivotal moment, as a lot of these things were pivotal,
 I guess, you know, on smaller scales.
 Not a pivot.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Where did you get this from, by the way? You had a book on the table, was it?
 Yes. I did. It's this one I've been reading. Stars and Spies, the astonishing history of
 espionage and show business. It's really good. It starts off in like 1600s in Britain and
 then moves all the way through into the current day.
 That's great.
 Yeah. And yeah, just a lot of links between like people in showbiz, theater, cinema and
 spying.
 Okay. Well, thank you very much, Tara.
 Cool.
 Thanks for coming on the podcast. Nice to meet you.
 I'm sure.
 Nice to meet you too.
 First time.
 I'm speaking on behalf of the listener. I think we'll try this again soon with some
 more elves and get you back again soon with some more great questions. And that was meet
 the elves.
 Hey.
 Okay.
 Great.
 You now need to do that for every single one and remember how that goes.
 Yeah. Good luck improvising that Dan because you haven't written it down on any sheet music.
 Yeah.
 (upbeat music)
