 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Drop Us Align. This is the bit where we
 talk about the facts and the uh corrections and the extra bits of
 information that you have sent in to us on Fish.
 So let's start right away. Oh okay okay we've got some
 corrections or some bonus information. That's the first choice.
 Let's get the corrections out of the way for a change. Oh it's going to take a
 while. Okay uh Patrick Tampkins writes to say Napoleon
 didn't wear a tricorn hat which I think we mentioned.
 I think we said at one point he said Nelson and Napoleon both wore bicorns.
 He says they were sometimes worn fore and aft
 but mostly are thwart ships. What is he talking about?
 I believe that I said in an offhand comment
 Napoleon's tricorn and then you guys immediately corrected it to bicorn and
 that was the end of it. I think Andy did for certain we said
 one of them wore a bicorn and one of them wore a tricon because it would have
 been awkward for them to wear. Yeah we did say that.
 To kiss.
 Well Patrick has just but he's also got to use. He was making up words though wasn't he?
 No he's these are phrases apparently fore and aft is you know where you wear
 the bicorn hat you know with the two ends front to back and then a
 thwart ships is where you wear it sideways on. Oh nice.
 And he throws in a bonus fact as well actually he says here's another great
 fact on the bicentenary of the battle of Trafalgar
 descendants of Napoleon and Nelson met at the
 hat shop James Locke and Co with the hats that their ancestors had. Friends of the
 podcast Locke and Co. They invented the bowl hat allegedly.
 Yeah that's right and it's only yeah it's like a 10 minute walk up the road.
 We should also say we've had a lot of correspondence about the company
 Crabtree and Evelyn which. Never heard of them.
 Do you mean Holland and Barrett? Well so you okay so you made the mistake of
 saying on the show that just near where we are
 there's a Crabtree and Evelyn. No I think first of all I said
 hey it's like the kind of thing you'd get from Crabtree and Evelyn
 and then. We said what's Crabtree and Evelyn. Exactly. And then you said
 oh it's like that place near here which is actually Holland and Barrett. Yes.
 Right but the point is that Crabtree and Evelyn is a shop
 we've ascertained in our research since that show went out it's now gone online
 only. James found that out so there are no bricks and water ones. Well I must say
 I did notice it before the show went out. I didn't know that it existed
 but I thought it was funny and that's why I put it out.
 Well that's not the benchmark for our listeners and it's we fell short by
 putting it in. No Harry wrote to say I am sure Anna
 you've been inundated with these emails today but Crabtree and Evelyn make
 expensive soaps, lotions and perfumes. I very much hope Anna hasn't been drinking
 them as vitamin supplements. And were we inundated?
 Yeah we were. Oh we were. Where are we? Yeah lots of emails. And I have been drinking
 vitamin supplements. And both counts he's right.
 Crabtree and Evelyn did used to exist in Oxford which is why you might have known
 them Anna but my friend Dominic wrote to me and he
 reckons that you might have known about them because they're mentioning friends.
 Apparently there's a famous time. So Phoebes what do you want for your
 birthday? Well what I really want is for my mom
 to be alive and enjoy it with me. Okay let me put it this way anything from
 Crabtree and Evelyn? I did of course of course I remember
 that that's so weird I thought it was such an English shop and yet.
 It's an American shop yeah. But yeah I only remember it from
 it's yeah it's why you asked your parents to buy stuff for your grandparents
 that you could say was from you. You'll buy some redox maybe.
 Yeah exactly. That's another fact we haven't mentioned
 that Anna knows friends phonetically pretty much.
 Yeah. Phonetically. I know how to pronounce almost all of the words in it.
 Yeah but you can pretty much quite line by line. I believe I could from start to
 finish yes. I could go now but we I think this is
 shorter than that allows for. So apologies for pretending for saying
 that we didn't know what Crabtree and Evelyn is.
 More apologies for keeping it in the show when after I'd already known that it
 was a thing. Knowing that it would upset so many people.
 I think you should just do extra recording James where as the show's going
 out just a little whisper of you comes over the top I actually know that this is.
 The comedy was so good and the flow of editing purposes it remains.
 It's not like David Attenborough.
 Hill you see the incorrect fact making a twist into the programme.
 Andy has spotted in the distance a joke.
 We don't want to disturb the joke. It's limping his way towards it.
 He's so nearly there. And it's fled. It's fled.
 He's found something to over explain and he's tearing into that with both
 sets of jaws. And he's killed it.
 Something I said wrong. Oh yeah. Rachel Smith got in touch. I heard from you
 that bread can only be baked in Tonga on Sunday in the event of a natural
 disaster. Oh yeah. Rachel has lived in Tonga and says I
 know this is not true. Shops are not allowed to open on Sundays.
 I got that much right except the bakery the one.
 Oh my god you've done an ick people. You've you've given them a reputation to our
 audience because it's not true. So funny because we were quite
 skeptical about that at the time weren't we? Yeah well you were right.
 You were absolutely right. The one thing you can get.
 Yeah. Yeah on a Sunday. And she says to this this is related to
 something that happened in the Spanish flu. She says to this very day queues of
 people wait outside the Cowleys Bakery in downtown
 Nuku Alofa which is the capital every Sunday morning.
 Also I used to visit the matriarch of the bakery family once or twice a week to
 teach the Pilates. Rachel doesn't know there's nothing
 Rachel doesn't know about baking in Tonga. Rachel are you sure the reason
 people don't queue around the block for the Sunday baking is that they can't
 bake on a Sunday in Tonga. Maybe there's just this one person who's allowed
 to bake. Oh wow like a loophole like an embassy
 kind of thing. Yeah and your average Joe or your average Jane not allowed to bake.
 What she says is that it's weird Anna that you say that because I don't think we
 should get into the business of correcting the corrections I think.
 But she says I just sort of paraphrase during the Spanish flu a lot of the
 population were dying because of the flu and the resultant famine
 and the Cowley family had very close links with the royal family and are
 granted royal dispensation to trade on Sundays.
 Ah so it could be generally speaking a lob apart from these people.
 It could be. Yeah it could be. That is not like that's not outside the Venn diagram
 of the possibilities. And you did say you can't bake on a Sunday so unless
 someone from this Cowley family is listening then I
 think you're absolutely correct. Rachel retract.
 Rachel I hope you enjoyed this bit where we
 really really tried to get off the hook. Did she have any info about whether
 Crabtree and Evelyn is open on Sundays? She doesn't. Is it popular in Tonga?
 Crabtree and Evelyn? They had special dispensation during the Spanish flu.
 People needed some lotions. There's a mistake we all made.
 Okay. Where we all experienced the Mandela effect.
 Okay so the Mandela effect is where a group of people usually often the whole
 world but they all remember something is happening which actually it turns out
 never happened. Yeah right. Yes. Yeah so what we said
 this is from Lee by the way. Thank you Lee. Lee B.
 That the the guy on the New Yorker doesn't have a monocle.
 Oh yeah. He does and we thought that we were confusing him with a monopoly man
 who in fact doesn't have a monocle.
 Wow. Does the peanut guy? I think I mentioned the peanut guy.
 Yes I can't remember but we've been double Mandela'd basically.
 Wait that's really funny. Okay I thought we said the New Yorker
 guy did have one but then did we backtrack because of the memory of the
 monopoly guy? Maybe. There certainly wasn't a claim that he
 definitely didn't on the podcast. I think it was oh are we confusing it
 with the monopoly guy? I think one about the M&M's
 do they have monocles? The sexy M&M's have monocles.
 Does the New Yorker guy? They will be sexy otherwise.
 And Kamabans as well. Yeah what I think the problem is is that we're
 recording this maybe a couple of weeks after what we've said and the person
 who's written is probably written immediately after hearing us
 screwing up. So what we need is real-time transcription
 services available to us. And actually can we ask a favor listeners
 please don't write in to correct us on what we've got wrong about what we've
 said because I think that will probably have them quite
 lot. What we've got wrong about what we've said.
 Yeah yeah so at this point we'll be saying well we actually said the monopoly man
 did X and then New Yorker. Because we don't remember that episode
 just three weeks ago now. Mr. Peanut Man does have it.
 I mean that's an extra bit of that's a bonus bit of information which is what
 this is all about. Well I thought I'd said it on the day so I figured.
 Who is Mr. Peanut Man sorry? I just got can see what he looks like from that but
 what does he do? I think he sells peanuts. I can't quite remember.
 It's amazing he's done very well out of it clearly. He can afford a cane and a
 top hat and a monocle. And a monocle yeah. But no clothes.
 So he can't buy everything. Strange priorities actually.
 And yet when I walk around Soho dressed like that.
 Oh come on they love it in Soho. We got sent a lot of fish puns from the time
 that you guys could think of a Shakespeare fish pun and I couldn't.
 Oh yeah. Oh come on. Yeah okay let's have a few of the highlights.
 These are all the Twitter ones we got loads more on email.
 Can you give us just the the Shakespeare play to give us one more go at it
 before you give us what they've said? That's a good idea.
 Do you want another cracker there? My kingdom for a seahorse would be a
 Richard III one. Yeah that's very good yeah.
 Yeah yeah give us the line and then before you give us the pun.
 You want the the name and then you're trying to guess and then you reveal
 okay uh Nicole Taylor. King Lear. Oh okay.
 Nicole Taylor is not the line. We'll edit out these long gaps.
 Is there a kingfisher? Is that or that bird? That's a bird.
 King Eel. Is it a pun on the title or is it a quote from
 I'm gonna whip us along I'm afraid. It's King Lear.
 King Lear. For fishing. Yeah that's good nice. Oh hang on so that's not a fish
 that's just a Lear. But it's related. No we don't have to be
 prescriptive. I didn't know we were going to that area I
 thought it was literally a fish okay. Danny you've got to open your mind.
 What that is open now for for round two. Oh god we're doing one round.
 It's best of ten. Okay okay okay uh Steve's Green
 sent in all's well that ends well. The version of that. It's just
 because well has water in it. Fish can live in that water.
 You need an oar, oars well uh to row your boat.
 It's all's well that ends well which is very good.
 Yeah um at Stewie Fuey sent in Perry Winkleys.
 Pericles and Winkles. That's the name of a Shakespeare play.
 Haven't seen that one. Uh Rob Leonard the Moree Wives of Windsor.
 Yeah good uh uh at Poison Paprika and Treveon Cleopatra.
 That's actually really good. I think that's the best. And several people
 sent in The Perch and a Venice which I think I said on the day but so
 such a long time afterwards that you had to edit it out.
 I think you said it at the end of the recording when we stopped recording.
 Yes I do remember. Yeah yeah yeah. I'm pretty sure I said it.
 I'm pretty sure you called us all up individually about one a year.
 You sent us a WhatsApp didn't you?
 James James it's too late to get with it.
 I'll do your voice though I found.
 Oh uh yeah um anyway those are all great thank you for those.
 And there's like there's one bit of bonus information that I think you guys
 will will like. This is from Peter Monroe and it's a brilliant start to any
 amount. Regarding cooking sausages in an exhaust pipe.
 Oh yeah so I actually was skeptical about whether they would cook, whether it
 would get hot enough to put a sausage in an exhaust pipe.
 Was I the one who raised the possibility? You thought that it was possible yeah.
 Well Peter Monroe is on one of our sides.
 And this is in a compilation episode as well isn't it?
 I don't recall yeah maybe. Is this a Jenga bonus double okay right this
 was really deep in that we've inception ourselves here.
 Okay Peter Monroe writes I'm a civil engineer and I have witnessed machine
 operators cooking their lunches in the exhaust pipes and radiators of their
 machines. Wow. They'll pop a tin of soup beans or
 sausages wrapped in tin foil in the exhaust pipe at the start of the day
 by lunchtime they're nicely cooked. However these are very large pieces of
 equipment Volvo a68 type size. Oh yeah.
 Yeah not your standard hatchback. No I get this.
 To get their lunch out of the exhaust pipe they rev the engine hard and it pops
 out.
 So they stand next to the exhaust with their mouth open.
 Wow. Is that incredible? It is not the best way to cook something. So it takes
 from when they arrive in the morning until lunchtime. Well you're doing your
 work. As in the engine's running anyway. But you
 can't have an early lunch otherwise you'll get botulism.
 Yeah that's true that's the rest. And it's quite a waste of petrol isn't it?
 I think the engine is running anyway I don't think.
 Right sorry. But I could I'm sure I've mentioned before I've cooked salmon in
 a dishwasher. So has many people. Yeah it's a common thing.
 Really common. Relatively common. It's a common thing you read about doing. I've
 actually don't think I've ever met anyone who's actually done it. I've just
 heard that people have done it. So that's actually exciting to meet you.
 What setting are you on? Not cottons. What are you on in the dishwasher?
 Washing machine is what I had in my head. I'm eating out your cotton balls.
 Sorry. So much nicer when it smells slightly of salmon. I think it would
 also work in your washing machine but possibly your
 salmon wouldn't be in one piece by the end of it. Absolutely minced.
 Because you wrap it in tinfoil for the dishwasher. Yeah and then you put a big
 steak in or whatever. Also slight lemony taste to it.
 Oh yeah lovely. There's dishwasher tablets for breeze
 or in the washroom. So anyway thank you Peter for telling us
 about the exhaust pipe. That's amazing. I'd love to see a video of that if
 we can see someone sausage popping out of an exhaust.
 Just google video sausage popping out and see what you get them with.
 Do you guys do you reckon Dan I'm going to ask you this to see others might know.
 Do you reckon it's better for the environment to use a dishwasher or to
 wash by hand? A dishwasher. You're right. I just assumed it was
 going to be the opposite. Is it really? I didn't know that.
 Uses less water less energy to heat the water just more efficient.
 Even if you put one plate in the dishwasher every time. No probably not.
 Then you put on a five hour cycle. Intensive.
 James said this was better for the environment so I'm just going to do it
 like this. I don't want to overfill. Here's one more thing which
 is I feel bad reading it out because it's something that
 supports something I said where you guys all made fun of me.
 But I feel like I'm reading it out now as a kind of grudge thing and I'm not.
 It's just that we got it got the correspondence and you know yeah.
 This is going to be a tense ending isn't it? And it's also about an episode we
 recorded in 2018 and so it does feel like a long time.
 You haven't been brooding on this since then have you? You've all been getting
 my whatsaps. I can imagine this email popped in
 and just your wife just heard you going "Findication!"
 I think I said I was I was alone when I got the email but I did say the word
 vindication to myself. I think you got it months ago
 and you said to your wife I'm gonna have to build a show so that I can bring this
 up. And she said but don't mention it in the first
 episode. Give it up for you. Give it up for you.
 Chris from Canberra writes. Chris yeah.
 Hope you're well. Sorry I can't remember the episode.
 Maybe NZEP but Andy from memory said that when sheep are in mating season
 that they, farmers, use crayon to mark the female after mounting.
 Oh yeah. Yeah and you guys all you took the piss
 a lot big time saying why would you use a crayon?
 Draw on a sheep with a crayon. We knew you were right. We just sort of
 be funny you know just to watch. Is this another one of these joke
 things where James has to whisper over the top of it?
 Yeah and you didn't know. You were very convinced I was wrong.
 No no. I had it in my notes. It was just it was funnier to make you feel like it
 was wrong on the day. You were absolutely right. I spent four years.
 I didn't realise that. I told my wife afterwards I was like Andy had a
 kill effect on the show. Yeah I told this guy Chris in
 camera and I said oh you honestly this is true
 mate. I actually thought that they used they
 used chalk rather than crayon. I think sometimes they will use chalk.
 Yeah yeah. What were we objecting to about the crayon claim that we said
 crayon was a silly substance to use or we said that they didn't even mark
 the mounted ones? No no no you were imagining them using a kind of
 like a fish of price kids crayon but I think you can get special
 sheep undercarriage crayons. Yeah yeah of course.
 You haven't looked it up in the four years since you've been bringing on this.
 We still don't believe it. Anyway Chris from Cranborough says three years ago
 an invention was made. But Mr A H M
 patented at ruinous expense.
 I wonder Chris say. He's just sent a link to a video where they
 they do say it's crayon. Oh video of sheep's having sex.
 No no it's of some farmers. Is it the farmers using the crayon
 or just talking about it? It's a farmer on instagram saying
 time to change the crayon on the tups from red to blue. And it's a picture of him.
 It's a video of him actually I'm going to show you like grabbing
 and and wrestling a sheep to the ground. And then
 yep yeah. I want to see the crayon. Yeah we're about to see the crayon.
 And there's the crayon. We're on the sheep's undercarriage. It's a huge crayon.
 He's grabbing a massive crayon. You'll never color within the lines with
 that size crayon. But basically they've sort of installed a crayon on the
 sheep's chest. I know that's what was weird. It was
 like a pencil case. That is incredible. And then and then so whenever that
 sheep that male that male sheep has sex with a female
 that it'll the back of the female will be marked. You see which ones have been
 mated with. Amazing. And you can see which ones have had
 red sex or blue sex based on the color of the crayon which I guess is a timing
 thing. Yeah most sex is blue sex isn't it?
 That's supposed to carry around their own crayons. That's extraordinary. Yeah that
 actually is a bit I didn't know. They've got their crayons installed. It's much
 better factually. Yep sorry. Sheep come with crayons installed.
 Wow. Bye.
 You never know when it's coming.
 Okay that is it for this drop of the line. Thank you so much for listening
 to this. We really hope you've enjoyed it. If you would like to email us you can
 write to podcast@qi.com. We really love getting your extra facts and
 corrections and comments and extra jokes. So please keep writing in with those.
 And if you would like to join in the fish cord
 which is on discord but it's it's got that clever name
 then all you need to do is go to no such thing as a fish
 dot com forward slash fish cord
 and you'll find a load of other fish fans chatting about
 about the show and with their own facts and Dan pops up occasionally to say
 hi. Yeah. What's been going on on fish cord Dan?
 It genuinely is pretty amazing. Like I highly recommend going on it if you're
 part of this club fish membership because it's
 everyone's doing book recommendations, movie recommendations, they chat about
 their lives, they organize meetups you know it's a
 community like it's it's the community we always wanted that we
 never found a place for and this is it now. So yeah I highly recommend it.
 There we go no such thing as fish.com forward slash fish cord.
 Bye.
