 [Playing guitar]
 [Playing guitar]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Alex Bell, Andy Murray, and Anna Chazinski.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days and in an particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy Murray.
 My fact is that in Peru, depictions of the last supper show Jesus and His disciples eating
 a guinea pig.
 That's what they do, that's what it's there.
 This is, well there's one particular famous painting by a guy called Marcos Zapata, who
 painted in 1755, a very large painting, fresco, whatever it is, of the last supper and Jesus
 and His disciples.
 They're all sitting around a guinea pig which has been char grilled and barbecued.
 Is there any chance that they would have eaten a guinea pig back then?
 Was that food back then?
 Yeah.
 Well not in the Middle East, I didn't think, do they come from the Middle East?
 Oh sorry, in the Middle East, sorry, I thought you meant were they taking it to South America
 and because they ate guinea pigs in South America, which they did.
 Which they did, okay.
 Which they did, okay.
 And they still do, they're really popular.
 Yes, huge, yeah.
 They eat 65 million every year.
 Wow.
 It's a lot.
 Each.
 And they get roasted and impaled on skewers and then they're normally brought to your
 table holder and they cut into five pieces so they're quartered and then they remove the
 head as well.
 What?
 Apparently the cheeks are really nice because they're crispy and presumably because they
 keep food in them as well so they can't pre-stop.
 Yeah.
 You've just got some extra seeds.
 Yeah.
 I was reading that more rabbits and chickens are used as guinea pigs than guinea pigs
 are.
 Yeah.
 For science research.
 And obviously mice and rats are the big ones but guinea pigs just are not ever really used
 much for science.
 However, I then also read and I read this and this was in Squire, the QI database.
 23 Nobel Prizes and Medicine have been one thanks to guinea pigs.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So why did we call, why, why did the term being used as a guinea pig, but was there a time
 when there were a few, I mean, if 23 Nobel Prizes, there must be a time, yeah.
 It's from the 1800s and it's when the, it was Robert Koch, wasn't it?
 Who was a leading germ scientist in the 1800s and he did a lot of his experiments on guinea
 pigs, I think, in the 1880sish and so he coined the term or someone coined the term about
 him and people just started using it.
 But yeah, it's very uncommon to use guinea pigs.
 I think at a ratio of about one to a thousand in favour of using mice and rats instead.
 Guinea pigs are, I think, the only other animals, the only other mammals except for humans
 that can get scurvy.
 And that was one thing we used them for is finding out the cause of scurvy, is transferring
 our scurvy into the guinea pigs.
 No, finding out the cause of scurvy, which we did, but yeah, they can get it.
 So all other animals are able to create vitamin C internally, but we can't, guinea pigs
 can't.
 Wow.
 We're together in that.
 And also guinea pigs, unrelatedly, were the first creatures to have a pap smear down
 on them.
 What?
 You know, a cervical smear.
 I know with them.
 Oh, okay.
 Cool.
 So, you know, the pap and opalus, whatever he was called, when he went to America, wasn't
 allowed to experiment on any humans.
 And so he just took lots of guinea pigs and had to work out their menstrual cycles, which
 he found quite difficult, I think, for quite a long time.
 Did he have tiny stirrups for their legs, for the inside of the chairs?
 Yeah.
 And he'd leave them alone in the room to set themselves up and come in, call them the gloves.
 If you've ever seen a guinea pig hobbling a little bit, that's what they've just been
 doing.
 Making awkward conversation about plants of the week.
 And a pretty Spanish South America in Peru, in a city called Kuthko, I think, is how it's
 pronounced.
 A thousand white guinea pigs were sacrificed every year in the square to appease the
 gods and to stop them, you know, harming the crops and things like that.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 But there is a ceremony today where you go house to house and you collect loads of guinea
 pigs from people.
 It's called a jack-a-sari, I think.
 And then you release them in apparently a mock bullfight, which I think sounds brilliant.
 And a tiny ring, you put tiny horns on them.
 I mean, is it a bullfighting that people pose them?
 Oh, yeah.
 Getting flipped over into the crowd.
 Just a Matador versus a guinea pig.
 Just had blown a guinea pig run off of me.
 There's all the headlines the next day, three more gourd and guinea pig exits.
 Just quickly back to the original fact.
 So this picture of the last supper, was this the Kuthko Cathedral one?
 It was the Kuthko Cathedral.
 Yeah.
 Okay, because there's a lot more items on that table as well that they seem to have identified
 as part of the last supper.
 So to represent the 12 disciples, they had 12 dishes on the table.
 So that includes prawn soup, nice, polenta, salad, corn cake, there was rice with milk,
 cake, yellow bread.
 It's quite cool.
 It's quite a variety.
 It sounds like they've cooked in.
 They didn't order out from somewhere.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I'm also so skeptical that when people claim to be able to identify very specific types
 of food.
 Ah, prawn soup there?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 One of them is handing the menu back to the waiter, pointing with his finger at the prawn,
 so that's how we know.
 There's a special menu in the background if you look very closely.
 Speaking of items on the table, in Davinci's last supper, there's lots of stuff again strune
 over the table.
 The first thing is that there are oranges there, which is a mistake as it were, because
 oranges weren't around in the Middle East until centuries after Jesus was supposed to
 be around.
 The second thing is that in 2007, an Italian computer technician announced that he had discovered
 a secret song that was hidden in Davinci's last supper.
 So all this bread and stuff strune over the table, if you superimpose us onto a stave, all
 of the things are musical notes, and he says that if you play it, it sounds a bit like
 a requiem.
 The crucial thing, not enough like a requiem.
 The page of the museum said the theory was plausible.
 That's very polite.
 There's another theory by this historian called John Veriano, who thinks that he says there
 is orange on the table, but he thinks that they're eating eel in Davinci's last supper.
 Because apparently that was a popular meal in the 15th century in Italy when Davinci was
 painting.
 So, yeah, eel and orange slices.
 There was this thing that he was obviously commissioned to do this, Davinci, this portrait,
 and it was done in what was effectively a monk's canteen, which I didn't know, but it wasn't
 a canteen when it was painted.
 It was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was, it was so delicious.
 Yeah.
 It was, it was, it would be great in this room.
 It's very dilapidated and basically rubbish, isn't it?
 And in fact, I think, I think, basically rubbish, but basically I could do better.
 I think if you asked who painted Davinci's last supper, the answer would not be Davinci.
 I don't think there's a single bit of paint left now on it, that is Davinci's paint because
 it was so badly done because it was essentially a failure.
 He had never really painted murals before, didn't know the right equipment to use or the right
 substances.
 Yeah.
 And so they eroded really quickly within his lifetime and it kept on having to be redone
 and touched up and it didn't work very well.
 And for centuries it was kind of neglected because it was just like broken bits of stone.
 And also the Jesus in the middle used to have feet, didn't he?
 Yes.
 And they just plowed a door through the middle of that painting and so the feet are gone
 and that's why there's that weird arch in the middle of the painting that looks a bit
 out of place and you can't see Jesus' legs.
 Did you know that Van Gogh painted a version of the last supper?
 No, it didn't.
 Ah, yeah, he did.
 It was, you know, his Cafe Terrace, most famous Van Gogh painting probably, one of the
 very most famous.
 Oh yeah, it's a Cafe Terrace.
 Lots of people sitting out.
 Anyway, there was this academic paper written about how Van Gogh had written her letters
 brother while he was painting that saying, "I really need some religion in my life."
 And then he's drawn this picture with 12 diners with a guy walking away, as in the Judas
 character who's often shown to be walking away in the last supper depictions, with if you
 look at the window in the back it's got a crossed window pane which isn't just a cross window
 pane, it's the crucifix that's hanging behind every one of the picture.
 That's the latest theories.
 There are some other versions of the, there are so many versions of like the last supper
 in painting.
 Yeah, my favourite is Juan de Juane, which was the Spanish painter who painted his version.
 And it's really easy to decipher, to identify which disciple is each person, because inside
 the halos he's written their names, suspended in the same color.
 Because if you all go in somewhere, you all hang up your halos at the door and then if you
 leave you don't want to get someone else's, which is the wrong time.
 Well, it's like a video for the rest of the day.
 It looks like when you look at the tags on a Facebook photo and everyone's names come
 up and as well as exactly like that, it's really, it's tagging, it's literally tagging, it's
 the best thing ever.
 The disciple is just written them in, it's hilarious.
 Okay, time for fact number two and that is Alex.
 Okay, my fact is that there is a skyscraper in New York with a 400 tonn weight in the top
 which moves around to stop the building from falling over.
 That's so cool.
 Okay, so this is actually one of loads of buildings, this was just the first one to have
 this technology in the US, it's the City Group Centre.
 I mean, everyone has probably heard about how tall buildings often are built on flexible
 foundations.
 They've got, they're basically sitting on big springs.
 So it insulates them from earthquakes and it makes them sway slightly.
 But another problem with really tall buildings is not just earthquakes.
 It's that the wind might blow the motor because they're so big.
 So there's this technology called tuned mass damping, which is basically a really heavy
 weight, usually several hundred tons heavy.
 That's installed in the top floors of the skyscraper and the weight is attached to
 pneumatic supports or cables or something and the building has a computer system which works
 out which direction the wind is coming from and it shifts the weight into that direction
 so that the building leans into the wind slightly and it can reduce the amount that the
 building is swayed by the wind by about 50 percent or sometimes, oh wow, I'm never going
 into any building which has this technique.
 Well, this is the thing, when you start looking into how these buildings stay up and
 technology reuse, you don't want to go in any of these skyscrapers because they just
 don't seem, you just, you wonder how any building stays up, even a couple of stories
 high because it's just so sort of scary.
 Have you seen how they demolish skyscrapers in Japan?
 No, it is so cool.
 They start with the ground floor and they work their way up.
 Sorry?
 Yeah.
 There's also mass in levitations.
 Yeah, just drop down one floor and then they get to, what do you mean?
 Genuinely they do this.
 So what they do is they take the ground floor and they replace all the building supports
 with hydraulic jacks, right?
 So really, really enormous steel pillars to the height of the first floor and they put
 those in place of the proper supports and then they remove all the internal walls and
 supports and then very slowly and carefully, they lower the hydraulic jacks over a period
 of a couple of hours and then boom, you have now a building which is one story shorter and
 then you do it again and you do it again and you do it again and it's a way of very slowly
 just so cool.
 Isn't it amazing?
 That's a bit like how cranes, big cranes, put themselves together and dismantle themselves.
 You build the top bit and then you, you know, they're all built in segments like a bit
 like Lego and it slides in the bottom segment and shifts itself up and slides in and obviously
 you're using the actual, you know, the cables in the crane to move this stuff around so it's
 literally building itself.
 I've been asking that question for years without ever thinking to Google it.
 I've always wanted to know how a crane gets there.
 Yeah.
 It's amazing.
 That's awesome.
 I was going to say talking of cranes, I was looking at the difference between building
 in different places and one of which is these, this local protective view laws and it's
 basically the idea that there are lots of views from one place from other in London which
 you can't obstruct.
 So you know the cheese grater, skyscraper, it's basically it looks like a giant cheese grater
 because it just looks like it has a huge slice chopped off it.
 The reason it's that shape is because there's a pub on Fleet Street from which you can see
 St Paul's Cathedral and when they tried to build the building they were told they weren't
 allowed to impose on the views.
 They've had this huge skyscraper now sort of leans one way.
 Wow.
 Isn't that ridiculous?
 There are 13 of the main protected view laws from one park to another landmark which
 you can't put anything in front of.
 Anna and I went to Greenwich very recently to the museums there and we saw Greenwich mean
 time, the Meridian line and the laser, there's this big green laser that shoots out and so
 at night that's what you see, it shows you time, it's the line of time and basically what
 happened was a new building structure had gone up across the river and the laser went
 directly into one of the rooms of the department block and they complained and so they've had
 to change the line of time.
 It's just pointing up at higher now because that's so funny.
 It's a resident's being slightly nervous.
 You're saying it's someone's bedroom right and just hitting his bedroom so you're trying
 to sleep with his enormous laser coming through your bedroom.
 Huge laser of time.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And related to that 20 fence venture street which is the huge bulb of skyscraper, the
 walkie-talkie in London.
 Yes.
 It hit the headlines in 2013 because it was, it had a big curve front and it was focusing
 on all the suns rays and melting a bit of the paper and some cars on it.
 The architect, he's called Raphael Vinoli, he's done it before.
 He designed a massive hotel called the hotel Vardara in Las Vegas which also has a massive
 curve front and would heat up the swimming pool and melt people's plastic cups.
 So knowing that he'd done that so we went before, they hired him at all and then B, he came
 up with this design for a new massive curve building like yeah that's probably going
 to be fine.
 I read that that's called the Vardara death ray.
 Yeah.
 It's ridiculous.
 The signing buildings that end up being called the death somewhere in the death ray, is it?
 No.
 Okay, absolutely.
 Just speaking of things being on one side or another are of a line.
 Yes.
 This is kind of not relevant to the fact what I found out recently and I like it so much.
 There's a hotel in Europe which is half in France and half in Switzerland, genuinely.
 It's called the hotel Abbes and it was the France in Switzerland, we're trying to swap
 a bit of land because the French wanted a particular bit so they had to concede a bit
 and they just conceded a bit of land in 1862 and yeah the border shifted.
 But the building stayed where it was.
 So the international border goes across the dining room and supposedly across the bed
 in the honeymoon suite.
 Ooh.
 So you've got a passport guard, right in the middle of it?
 You've got a honeymoon in two different countries.
 Yeah.
 Which countries?
 France and Switzerland.
 Switzerland.
 I love that area of a passport border control.
 Yeah.
 Well, you know how you name your child sometimes after where they were conceded.
 So I was reading those kind of classic things that you hear about skyscrapers and one
 of the things is if you throw a penny off the Empire State Building it'll drill through
 your head.
 Is the myth and it is a myth and so it won't actually do any harm to you.
 It will kind of float down like a leaf is what they say in a guy.
 A guy actually didn't expect well, obviously he basically said if it hit you it would feel
 like a flick on your head.
 Right.
 Because it's a flat surface.
 It kind of catches the air and like a leaf it kind of just oscillates in that way.
 And he did tests in wind tunnels when he was having coins.
 And he said, oh, a few hit, but it felt fine.
 But so this is interesting.
 I think most people do know now that a penny falling off will do nothing to you.
 Yeah.
 However, if you throw a pen off the Empire State Building that can definitely kill you.
 Because that is heavier.
 Yeah.
 And it shoots down like an hour stream line.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And then into the ground it would absolutely just chip the sidewalk.
 That's how much force it comes down.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 200 miles per hour is what it would travel down as like an arrow.
 Did you know that fish live in skyscrapers in a way?
 Is this the one that's been accidentally overwhelmed by fish?
 Or oh.
 They live in towers basically beneath oil rigs so you get floating oil rigs and marine
 biologists have studied the effects it has on sea life.
 And they live in a huge column stretching all the way from the oil rig right to the bottom
 of the sea floor.
 That life is so much more abundant but only in this one column.
 Wow.
 Isn't that cool?
 Yes.
 That's really cool.
 Because I suppose you get lots of things falling down from above.
 So lots of bottom feeders and things we use sediment from animals which have been living
 closer above that.
 And then at the top there must be more things growing there which are for fish to eat
 at which living it.
 The surface.
 Yeah.
 So it has a whole effect all the way down.
 I love it.
 Would it be the opposite that in a normal skyscraper you want to be on the top floor because
 of the view?
 In there one.
 Do you want to be closer to the bottom?
 Is there a better view down there?
 There's not much light I suppose and there's loads of pressure depending on how deep it
 gets.
 Yeah.
 So there's no view at all basically.
 Where was it?
 Where was it?
 There's no light.
 Yeah.
 Knot sought after real estate.
 Yeah.
 If you've already invested, you've made a mistake.
 Oh, damn.
 What have you bought?
 What did the estate agent say?
 I'm actually going to hate me.
 Speaking of fish and buildings, the National Fisheries Development Board, which is the branch
 of government and Hyderabad and Hyderabad in India, is shaped like a huge fish.
 And I think that for all government departments we should have the buildings shaped like what
 they are.
 Wouldn't that be cool?
 Oh, right.
 So like the Department of Defence would be a machine gun or something.
 Do these machine guns and war probably not?
 But the power of housing would just be a really small city house.
 Yeah.
 That's a country where lots and lots of the government buildings like this.
 And I think it's one of the stands and I think it might be Turkmenistan.
 But that's also a very awful dictatorship in lots of ways.
 Yeah.
 Don't think it is still, is it?
 It used to be Wasisface, a crazy guy who named his friend after his wife and stuff.
 Sapa Murat Niyazov, I think, was his name.
 Yeah.
 You're so right.
 The building that's shaped, it is in Turkmenistan.
 The building that's shaped like a book is called the House of Free Creativity in Ashkabat.
 And it was opened in 2006 under the previous rule of Sapa Murat Niyazov and all the journalists
 who worked in it worked with the state run media.
 There are no foreign media allowed, although they weren't at the time.
 And there was also almost no free internet access.
 So that was the House of Free Creativity.
 That is one of the most well-earned free events available.
 OK, time for fact number three, and that is Chazinski.
 My fight is that one of Canada's leading crime writers lost the ability to read without
 losing the ability to write.
 So it's this guy called Howard Engel.
 He's a really famous crime writer in Canada.
 He's created this detective called Benny Kuperman, who is the private eye with the heart
 head and the tender heart.
 And he was one of the founders of crime writers of Canada.
 He's been the first person to be awarded the Grandmaster Award for crime writing by the
 Crime Writers of Canada.
 And in July 2001, he woke up, felt fine, went down, made himself some breakfast, went to pick
 up the newspaper of his doorstep, looked at the newspaper and it looked like it was written
 in complete gibberish.
 So he couldn't read any of it.
 He said it looked like it was written in Cyrillic one moment in Korea in the next.
 He said it was remained totally calm, thought I've probably had a stroke.
 Went and woke his son up, said I can't read any more.
 Can you take me to hospital?
 He went to hospital, had lots of tests, they confirmed he had a stroke.
 But it turned out, he realized after a while of nurses looking into what had happened,
 that he could still write absolutely perfectly.
 So what?
 Isn't this mental?
 So he's quite an amazing case.
 He's worked incredibly hard and Oliver Sachs has written an amazing piece on him.
 He's worked really hard to teach himself to read again.
 So basically, he's lost the visual ability to read, so he's turned into a sensory ability
 instead.
 So when he's trying to read, he'll shape out the shape of letters, either with his hand
 in the air, or actually he reads with his tongue.
 So he makes the shapes of letters on the top of his mouth as he's reading them, because
 he recognizes the shapes like the touch of them, because he can't recognize it like with
 his eyes, like the visual cortex part has died.
 And so he said that he bit his tongue recently, and he said that rendered him illiterate
 for weeks and weeks.
 Wow.
 But he's taught himself to read again very slowly, but he does go now back over his books and
 properly try and edit them as much as he can.
 He's doing it fast enough that he can almost keep up with subtitles on a foreign film.
 Like that's how fast he can write with his tongue on the top of his mouth.
 He can read half of the subtitles.
 He said almost.
 I can almost follow the film.
 I read that.
 Just quickly, Oliver Sachs, so Oliver Sachs wrote about him in his book The Minds Eye, and
 he also wrote an afterwards to Engles book, which was called The Man Who Have Got to Read.
 So Oliver Sachs, who's very sadly very ill at the moment, you know him as the man who wrote
 all those great books like Awakening's and the man who mistook his wife for a hat.
 All these people with these amazing psychological, I guess, a disability.
 He has one himself and I had no idea.
 I think that's why he started.
 Is that how it started?
 He's got face blindness.
 He can't remember faces, including his own, and he says that he will often be looking into
 a mirror, apologizing to this man in front of him going, "I'm sorry, who are you?"
 And he realized, "Oh no, that's a mirror.
 That's my own face."
 He just doesn't recognize his own face.
 Wait, but surely he recognizes a mirror.
 If he's got like wool-linked mirrors, then he thinks there's one of them.
 She gets smaller mirrors.
 Don't live in a house of mirrors, and you can't recognize your own face.
 Maybe he's of exaggerating, that's a condition.
 Just one more thing on Oliver Sacks quickly, before we go away from him.
 His mother was a surgeon, and she studied under Mary Curie.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 That's quite cool.
 Has a mother weird stroke effects?
 Oh, yeah.
 Malcolm might, who's a retired Laurie driver, he had a stroke, he lost the ability to feel
 sad.
 He said, "I'm never depressed.
 Being sad wouldn't help anything anyway.
 I would definitely rather be happy all the time than the other way around.
 It's an advantage, really."
 But I mean, he would say that.
 I think it's the only time when you go to the doctor, and they'll be like, "How are you feeling?"
 You'll be like, "Oh, I can't complain."
 And that's actually, like, I literally can't even know if you don't understand.
 There was a Swiss women in Geneva who had a stroke, and it gave her a phantom third arm,
 which her body completely thought was real.
 So if she was asked to move it, her brain would look like it was moving it.
 If she was asked to scratch herself, if she had an itch, her body would think it had been scratched.
 So that's actually quite useful, if you have an itch, and you're doing something with
 your hands.
 You can have a third arm, you can scratch.
 Or you can give people the finger, and they won't know.
 On amazing brain stuff, you know, you can have, like, a quiet savant.
 So, you know, there are all these savants in the world who, like, have an extraordinary ability
 to retain knowledge or some extraordinary mental ability that goes beyond what the brain
 can normally achieve, and there are actually only 330 of them in the world that we know
 of.
 30 of them acquired their abilities after a head injury.
 So you can have a head injury, and it's thought that in these cases, it unleashes a bit of
 the brain that a lot of us don't have access to.
 And that's what causes people, for instance, there's this guy called Derek Amato, who is
 head on the bottom of a pool, and now he's a master pianist.
 There's another guy called Orlando Cerelle, who was hit with a baseball when he was 10,
 and he's been able to remember the weather for every single day following that accident.
 So, just it knocks a bit of the brain that, like, allows these pathways to connect, which
 couldn't before.
 But is there any concomitant damage that means he can't remember other things, or does
 it not seem to have a...
 I think there might often be, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's a, this is an interesting thing.
 There's a British journalist called A.A. Gill, if you don't know him, he's massive in
 burden.
 He is completely dyslexic, so the point where he can't actually write, he has to dictate
 every single bit of journalism he's written to someone, and I'd never heard that before.
 He's...
 It's very pleasing to think that A.A. Gill and Barbara Cartland have something in common.
 Yeah.
 She did sort of one sentence paragraphs, really.
 That was, you know, Barbara Cartland's title.
 Was it?
 Yeah.
 But I mean, prousted that as well.
 Again, I think there's a web of talent here, and I'm not, yeah, I don't want to criticize
 Barbara Cartland.
 We set them all up, Barbara Cartland, A.A. Gill, and Marcel Proust.
 What do you say?
 I smell a sitcom.
 Okay, time for the final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Steve Wozniak, the co-founder of Apple, and the inventor of the
 personal computer, met his wife on a dialogue joke call.
 Now dialogue joke calls used to be massively popular.
 They were, effectively, you called up a phone line, and the phone just told you were joke.
 So it would just have a recording of...
 Amazing.
 Yeah, and then it got a bit more advanced, so initially it was just a bunch of jokes that
 were spoken into a tape recorder, and the tape recorder was the answering machine.
 So the answering machine was just playing over and over.
 So it tell you a knock-knock joke, and then it would tell you three men walk into a bar
 joke.
 And then it got to the point where someone physically picked up the phone and started
 telling you jokes.
 And that's, so Steve Wozniak, before he got into working in creating personal computers.
 Yeah, he's one of the Apple founders.
 He is the co-founder of Apple with Steve Jobs.
 He's the other guy, and actually he's the guy who created the personal computer.
 Steve Jobs was the genius who marketed it and helped get it out there, but Woz, as he's
 known, is the guy who actually invented it.
 So he's a big name in our modern time.
 So speaking of people talking robotically on the phone, things like this, recently there
 was a guy at the New York City Health Department, and he was suspended for 20 days for answering
 the phone in a robotic voice.
 And he did, he sued them over it, although he sued him possibly, but he basically during
 the trial, he told the judge he wasn't a people person, and he was doing it to avoid banter
 with people, because people talk very differently to a robotic service.
 If you can give options and answers, you just do it quite quickly, and you get through
 it.
 Yeah, that's the reason he did it.
 It was interesting.
 The people who voice Siri, so there's a guy in the UK who voices the male voice and a woman
 called Susan Bennett in the US, and they were specifically chosen to get to read out and
 record all the words for Siri, because they have very monotonous voices.
 So they might have trouble anytime they ring someone up, they get hung up, because they
 are seeing their PPI.
 One of those guys is called John Briggs, and his voice is everywhere.
 He's been a voice artist for 30 years, so his voice is really everywhere, but no.
 So once a friend of his was walking past his daughter's bedroom and heard John Briggs
 his voice coming from inside, it turned out the child was playing a game with animated penguins
 who all had the voice to...
 A friend, John Briggs.
 At one point, Briggs himself got a phone call from himself trying to sell payment protection
 insurance.
 Can you imagine?
 So on Steve Wozniak, so he sounds like the most annoying college student.
 He built this little circuit, I don't even know how the technology would work at all.
 He built a circuit that would jam TV signals, and when they were in college and were watching
 TV with friends, then he would like trigger the circuit that he'd built in his pocket,
 so that the TV signal would jam, and then someone would go up, try and fix it.
 And as they fiddle about with the aerial, then he'd stop it from jamming, so the TV would
 be okay.
 Then the person would go back and sit down, he'd put the circuit on again, so they'd go
 and fix it, and eventually it got to the stage where whenever him and his friends got
 together and were watching TV, they'd have to have one person all the time holding the
 aerial, because he could've been his friends, and that was what was required.
 How annoying is that?
 I saw Steve Wozniak talk in Edinburgh a few years ago, and I thought I'm listening to one
 of the greatest, happiest, most enthusiastic.
 He was a prankster, he did a lot of pranks, and there was, there's nothing sinister about
 what he was doing that he was obsessed with pranking.
 Didn't he?
 Wasn't he one of the people who developed one of the first universal remotes?
 Yes.
 That is him.
 Sounds like he was kind of basing it off.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I mean, that's, he absolutely loved pranking, and that's kind of the thing that when Steve
 Jobs and him were introduced to each other, that was one of the sentences that said you guys
 will love each other because you're pranksters.
 Because they did freaking, didn't they?
 They did do freaking.
 Yes.
 Which is basically pranking.
 Yeah.
 So just with the dialogue joke thing, he was the first person to set that up in the San Francisco
 Bay Area, so he ran dialogue joke in the place, and then he eventually went to the phone
 calls when his wife called him, who is future wife rather.
 His opening words were, "I bet I can hang up faster than you" and hung up on her straight
 away.
 So she called back immediately and then they started talking.
 Not to get.
 Yeah.
 Not to get straight away.
 It was like the opposite of you hang up.
 You hang up.
 Yeah.
 You hang up.
 Me hang up.
 Hello.
 So it was the Apple computer just a massive prank then.
 The battery life certainly is.
 Whoa.
 I was speaking of Apple computer.
 Have you heard about the San Francisco recycling centre that's had to put a big call out
 asking for the owner of an Apple computer because this elderly woman, so I think 70-something-year-old
 woman, her husband had recently died and she got a bunch of stuff out of his attic and
 she handed it into the recycling centre to SELLON, and it turned out that one of the things
 that she handed in was an Apple one computer, which is made by Steve Rossignac himself.
 Wow.
 There are about 200 made.
 I think there are about 60 left in the world.
 It's worth $200,000, for which they've sold it.
 And now they owe this woman as part of the, you give things into the recycling centre
 agreement.
 So it's worth $200,000, and they don't know where she is.
 So Facebook and Google and loads of different like internet companies have put out-
 She's given away her computer.
 Maybe have you put a sign up somewhere?
 Such a thing.
 You don't think they want to go to the money?
 Yeah.
 While we try emailing her.
 Yeah.
 My space pays.
 But one of the reasons all the Apple won computers so scarce is because when Apple 2 came
 out, Steve Jobs and Steve Rossignac gave all the Apple 1 owners incentives to give them
 back.
 You know, they would give them money off the Apple 2 because Steve Rossignac was the customer
 support.
 And they went, anything went wrong.
 They wanted it back to find out what was going on wrong.
 And then they destroyed it afterwards.
 Just on robots.
 Yeah.
 Just going back to robots very briefly, did you know that Samsung has a robot shaped like
 a bottom?
 What?
 I have seen it.
 It repeatedly sits on phones to test them.
 Oh my god.
 So it's got a pair of jeans on.
 That's designed to test what happens when someone sits on their phone and you can see videos
 of it working.
 It's just...
 It will be cheaper to hire someone to do that rather than spend millions developing and
 out of it all.
 Well, this is progress.
 It's so funny.
 No, I haven't seen that.
 That's amazing.
 What I've seen is what I thought you were talking about was someone has, you know how
 like in video games, if you're playing a car racing game, you can now, obviously, buy
 the wheel you could have years ago or you buy a gun to shoot at the screen.
 There's one which is for trainee doctors, which is for giving rectal exams, and it's just
 a pair of butt cheeks that you're meant to put your hand inside to simulate on the screen.
 You can see the patients' room and the patients' reaction.
 That's really cool.
 You know I'm not showing up on you.
 It's just a history game.
 It's for work, I swear.
 Sorry.
 Yeah, I wonder if you have to show your medical ID before they actually sell it to you just
 to prove.
 Yeah.
 I was looking into how certain people met, what I wanted to look into was the kind of tech
 giants and see how, because that Steve was in the act.
 That's how he met his wife.
 I suddenly thought Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, so Steve Jobs met his wife when she
 came to a talk that he was doing.
 And at the talk, she was trying to get in, but it was completely packed up.
 So she started sitting in the aisles, and then she got told she couldn't see there.
 She saw that there was a row of empty seats in the front row, so she thought, let's just
 go sit there.
 Obviously, reserved.
 She sat down in these seats and then income Steve Jobs to sit in the seat to get ready to
 go up on stage.
 So she sat right next to him, and she said that she'd want a competition to go out on a date
 with him.
 And he said, oh really, and they kind of just got chatting a bit more.
 And at the end of the evening, he was off to go to a dinner and he thought, do you know
 what?
 I'd rather go to dinner with her.
 So he went back and found her and said, how about that competition date?
 And that's how they met.
 And they ended up going out, yeah.
 Did you ever come clean as the whole, let the competition thing was a ruse by the day, Steve?
 Immediately divorced her as well as all things.
 With Bill Gates, this is how it happened.
 Bill Gates was working with this lady called Melinda, who became his wife.
 And he basically, she was at Microsoft.
 He eventually built the courage up to ask her out.
 So he went up and he said, could we go out two weeks from this coming Saturday?
 Not the most romantic, as she said, what?
 So she said, like, just, you know, why don't you ask me closer to the day so it seems a bit
 more spontaneous.
 But then that night, late that night, he called her and said, how about late tonight?
 And she went, ah, no, that's too soon, just sort of say three days from now, that's
 night.
 So yeah, so, uh, then she did go out on the date and they got together.
 Yeah, it's very nice.
 And Bill and Melinda Gates, there you go.
 We should wrap up very soon because we've been going on way too long.
 Does anyone have anything before we wrap up?
 No.
 I've got one last thing, just very quickly.
 Steve Wozniak is part of a sports team and he's part of the Silicon Valley aftershocks.
 Can you guys guess what that team is?
 What sport he's playing?
 It sounds like an earthquake.
 It does sound like an earthquake, but it has no bearing on what the actual sport is.
 Quidditch, then.
 No, that would be awful, bobbing for apples.
 Oh, that would be very cool, but no, it's a Segway Polo team.
 Oh, yeah.
 Segway Man, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's so Silicon Valley.
 Yeah.
 I thought it was my Segway Polo team.
 You just meant you had to subtly skip the conversation and it's a conversation that
 you wanted to play with.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the
 course of this podcast, we can all be found on Twitter.
 I'm on @Streiberland, Alex, Alex Bell under school, Andy at Andrew Hunter M, Anna.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep.
 And you can also get us on @QIPodcast or you can go to no such thing as a fish.com where
 you can find all of our previous episodes.
 There's also a link to all of the live shows that we're doing.
 So go check them out, see if you want to come to any and we'll be back again next week
 with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Bye.
 [Music]
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
