 [blues guitar music]
 [speaking in foreign language]
 [blues guitar music]
 [speaking in foreign language]
 [blues guitar music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing
 as a Fish, a Weekly Podcast.
 This week, coming to you live from Red Roof.
 [cheering]
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Aniches Zinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here, we go.
 Starting with fact number one.
 And that's my fact this week.
 My fact is, after the author George Elliott died,
 her family spent 50 years publicly denying
 that she had a massive right hand.
 [laughing]
 Where to start with the questions?
 Did she?
 Well, basically, before she was famous,
 this was in the 1840s.
 She was talking to a neighbor.
 She was in her mid-20s pre-fame.
 And she stretched out her right hand.
 And with some pride demonstrated how massive it was.
 So I look how big this is.
 And it was big, she said, because in her teenage years,
 she was making butter and cheese on her family's farm.
 So she was doing all the churning that she needed to do.
 And as a result, she built up this massive hand.
 So it wasn't even by birth.
 Like, she built it herself.
 And she said that it was so big, her hand,
 comparative to the left hand that she had,
 that it left her kind of lopsided, because the weight of it--
 Come on.
 Yeah, she didn't say that.
 She did, to this, in this anecdote.
 So this is the problem.
 It was an anecdote that was said before she was famous.
 And when she died 28 months after she died,
 a biography was released, where someone had gone
 to the local town and so on, and it interviewed neighbors.
 And the neighbor said, yeah, she was this person
 with a massive hand that she told me about.
 It sounds like something that was made up by the neighbor, doesn't it?
 Well, this is why the family was very furiously denying it.
 They were saying it was not--
 she was never a dairy farmer.
 That was more the thing.
 It wasn't so much the hand.
 They didn't want her to be thought of.
 Because it kind of showed that she had a really rural upbringing, didn't it?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Well, also, there was a kind of potential rudeness in what she--
 Because--
 Well, no, just because deories were kind of seen as hotbeds of vice.
 Where they?
 Yeah, because there were cows and there are udders and there's milk,
 and it's all very sexy and lovely.
 It's all-- right, no, right.
 I did try to find out a bit more about this,
 but it was quite hard to Google Northy Milk Mades
 and find anything sort of germane.
 I went into the National Portrait Gallery website,
 and they have a lot of portraits of her.
 And I didn't see a single one where she had a massive right hand.
 She always disguising it by wearing one of those big foam fingers
 from the haters.
 [LAUGHTER]
 She would have asked them to cover it up, though.
 I think it could be.
 Like William Gladstone--
 I think it was William Gladstone only had a missing finger, didn't he?
 And Portrait artist covered that up his whole life.
 You just know what he is.
 And that was, like, agreed by the newspapers, wasn't it?
 All the newspapers agreed that they would never mention it.
 And the cartoonists agreed that they would never draw about it.
 So weird.
 Yeah.
 But he had a dummy finger.
 Yeah.
 He wore a fake finger in place of his real finger.
 And then he she wore a smaller hand.
 I think you would do it the other way, Rad.
 You would wear a massive hand on your other one,
 so they would have a certain clever.
 And so I read a lot about this.
 I don't know if this is where you saw it, Dan.
 I saw a review of a book called The Tales of the Flesh
 in the Age of Decorum by Catherine Hughes.
 And she wrote about both Gladstone and about George Elliot.
 And in this book, she came across George Elliot's glove
 at the end of one of the chapters.
 And of course, that might tell you what's happened.
 So she found this glove.
 It was the right glove.
 And she looked at it, and it was quite big.
 But of course, the problem was she didn't have the left glove.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then people have suggested to the author
 that maybe she threw away the left glove,
 because it was too small for her.
 We should just quickly say, because George Elliot, to me,
 was a name I was kind of familiar with, but not really.
 She was an author.
 George Elliot was the pseudonym that she had.
 Mary Ann was her name.
 Mary Ann Evans.
 Mary Ann Evans.
 And she wrote Middle March.
 And a number of books which today are considered
 by a lot of modern-day writers, like Mordor Namus and so on,
 to be amongst the greatest books ever written in literature.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think she's probably like the greatest novelist ever.
 She was genius.
 Really?
 Middle March is my favorite book, probably in the world.
 But it is a shame, because she did have people
 during her life and after it, commenting on her appearance.
 And I know I'm perpetuating that by doing it now,
 but there were some choice phrases.
 So she lived this very kind of unusual life for the Victorian era.
 And she sort of lived in sin with a married man for about 30 years.
 And you can always tell an ex-milk maid.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But people used to be captivated by her,
 but also weirdly repulsed by her.
 So Henry James was a huge fan of hers.
 And he called her magnificently ugly, deliciously hideous.
 But then said he completely fell in love with her.
 He said, within her vast ugliness,
 resides the most powerful beauty.
 And this seemed to be what she did to people.
 It's not prime tend to chat up line territory, is it?
 Well, hang on, you've not quite given the full quote there from him.
 He said all the nice things about how you fall in love with her.
 And he said, yes, behold me literally in love
 with the great horse-faced blue stocking.
 So return to Dickheadland, right in the final bit of this quote.
 A lot of people said that, didn't they?
 They said that she was really ugly.
 But as soon as she spoke, as soon as she engaged you,
 she suddenly captivated you.
 So Lucy Clefford, whose novelist, said
 that she did look like a horse.
 But it was a strange variety of horse
 that was full of knowledge.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, wow.
 So rude.
 It is.
 It's rude, yeah.
 It's not.
 She used to take the piss out of herself as well for it.
 And she saw, vended up with this guy, George Lewis,
 who was also unattractive, I believe.
 And I think that's why she called herself George Elliott,
 we assume, is sort of homage to him.
 And also, there's a weird theory that a biographer came up with just after she
 died, that her surname was also made in homage to him.
 Because apparently, her surname was--
 so L, so his name is George Lewis, starts with L.
 And it's to L, I, O, it.
 And this biographer theorised that her surname is sort of L, I, O, it.
 It's a stretch, isn't it?
 It's a big stretch, isn't it?
 It's a stretch, unfortunately, a stretch
 that George Elliott could make with that hand.
 [LAUGHTER]
 She was a great writer.
 I looked at some of the words that she had coined.
 So she was the first person to use the word pop as in pop music.
 And that was in 1862.
 She said, there is too much pop for the thorough enjoyments of chamber music.
 She also coined the words, according to the OED,
 this is, appealing-ness, besieging-ness, close-ish, and embrowning.
 Wow.
 She less coinages is just putting the word "ness" after things, isn't it?
 But she was also the first person to write the words lampshade and lunchtime.
 Cool.
 Yeah, that's a biggie.
 It is a biggie, isn't it?
 That's a real one.
 We should say, when she used the word pop, it was in a letter.
 And she was referring to the fact that Beethoven's septet had been played.
 So I think pop was quite different then, wasn't it?
 So the pseudonym that she used, it was because she wanted to get away from the fact
 that people would maybe look down on the novel because it was read in by a woman.
 She was trying to, even though there were a lot of women literature authors at the time,
 it was not as taboo as it was in the earlier days.
 But she wanted to get away from that.
 And so she used George Elliott.
 But when she released her first stuff and when her first novel,
 this is 1859, Adam Beade was published.
 She did it with the pseudonym and obviously no one knew who it was.
 So there was a lot of questions about who could this be.
 And a people, like with JK Rowling, having done Robert Galbraith, they did a lot of searching,
 trying to work out who it was.
 And they found that the book had a lot of references to a local place called Non-Eaten,
 which was such good local knowledge.
 They thought it must be for someone from there.
 And they pinned it down to a guy called Joseph Liggins, who lived there.
 And Joseph Liggins, when he first got not accused, but pushed to say, "Oh, the author."
 He was flattered and went, "Well, I shouldn't really say."
 And then when it got really big, he then said, "Yes, it's me."
 So he said, "Yes, I absolutely am."
 So then the publishers of the book, because this guy was living in poverty at the time.
 He'd had a very rough life.
 He started, the publisher is getting all these messages going, "Why is he so poor?
 This is a big book.
 He should be making a lot of money."
 So then they had to reveal their cards that it was, in fact, Mary-Anne, "She put her hand up a one.
 It's me and for miles around, everyone said, "That's a man's hand, if I ever saw one."
 So he got revealed that he was not the author.
 And that obviously ruined his life, because he was a fantasist.
 He was claiming something that he wasn't.
 And he ended up living in a workhouse where he eventually died.
 And his life just went downhill from there.
 So he died in this place in this workhouse, and that workhouse is no longer there.
 But it's been reused as a new building and renamed the "George Elliott Hospital."
 So even in death.
 Her childhood home is there.
 It's now the Griff House beef eater and Nunnyton Premier travel in.
 And I look for ages on the trip advisor reviews.
 And none of them mentioned George Elliott, what is that?
 When she released Adam Bede, I think a lot of reviewers felt quite stupid,
 because a lot of reviewers compared it favorably to women's fiction.
 The economist, which I know we will publicly say to we love, and we do.
 But this is a long time ago.
 The economist compared it very favorably with fiction written by silly women.
 And another review said it was the work of a brave, manly soul.
 So everyone thought this was, like, really, definitely written by a man.
 But actually, interestingly, Charles Dickens was the first person to spot
 that her books seemed like they were written by a woman.
 And this is when she released her first book, which was scenes from a clerical life.
 And she wrote-- he Dickens wrote to the publishers, saying how much he loved it
 and how brilliant it was.
 And he said, that definitely originates with a woman,
 this understanding of human nature, this woman's perspective.
 He said, if they originated with no woman,
 I believe that no man ever before had the art of making himself mentally so like a woman
 since the world began.
 Wow.
 Oh, he called her out.
 Give her a big hand.
 How long have you been saving that?
 Since I sent the fact to her, actually.
 She hated lots of other women novelists, though.
 So the reason maybe that she-- or one of the reasons that she might have written under a man's name--
 we mentioned this very briefly before.
 She wrote an essay, I think before her first book, which was called "Silly Novels" by Lady Novelists.
 And she said that women author's wrote stupid plots with pointless characters, and she was clearly determined
 to do something about that right now realistically.
 Although she didn't like some female novelist, she liked the Brontese, she liked other female novelists.
 Wow.
 We were good.
 Well, I'm not sure you've proved your credential there.
 We've got to move on shortly, ish.
 Oh, just using an ish, I've just coined there.
 Megan Fox's thumbs a shape like toes.
 What?
 Just while we're on talented women with weird hands.
 That's a great fact.
 It's a good fact, isn't it?
 I mean, all thumbs are shaped a bit like toes.
 Yeah, but hers are really stumpy and small.
 She's got bracket, that tall-type D, and most surgeons call it stub thumb.
 Really?
 Yeah, and if you level look at pictures of them, she's not worried about it.
 She shows them off quite often.
 They're just like about half the size of a normal thumb.
 I share a birthday with Megan Fox.
 Oh, good fact.
 So, anyway, so, yes, she has this thing.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry.
 Can we talk about that? Wow.
 Well, come about. Do you see each other?
 My thumbs are normal.
 So, who's winning there?
 Are the people with weird hands?
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, OK, yeah.
 So, Rack Mananoff had huge hands.
 Right.
 Famously, if you ever read about classical music, it's like the first thing
 that's ever mentioned about him and any article about him is massive handspan.
 And especially his left hand was particularly huge.
 So, if he had his little finger on a C, then his thumb on his left hand
 would be able to reach the G of the next octave.
 Oh.
 It was so extreme.
 I think what we're all wondering is, when was his birthday?
 But actually, keyboards, people have found recently that they disadvantage female pianists.
 So, according to a recent study, they disadvantage 87% of female pianists.
 And they looked at the 12 best pianists in the world.
 And they all had spans of 8.8 inches or above,
 whereas the average female span is about seven inches.
 Wow.
 So, it's really difficult for women to play a lot of the songs.
 And so, they looked at those 12 people and there were two women on that group.
 And one had a hand span of nine inches.
 And the other one had a hand span of 9.5 inches,
 which goes to show that it's really difficult for women with normal sized hands to get there.
 But it's good that George Eliot's descendants have found work.
 She could only play the melody.
 She could never...
 Just with the family, those 50 years.
 So, as I say before, it's sort of like, were they angry about the idea that she was claimed...
 They said she had a massive hand or was it about the fact that she was a dairy farmer?
 That's a bit blurry.
 But they made sure that if anyone wanted to do a biography of her,
 the stipulation was, you were not allowed to mention the massive hand or the dairy thing.
 You just have to like, actually deny that that was a truth.
 And so, I was thinking about...
 That happens a lot, doesn't it, whenever a celebrity's interviewed,
 where they told a PR person says, "Don't ask the celebrity about this question."
 Yeah, I found this article by a guy called Jesse Mulligan, who's a New Zealand.
 And he collected, through other journalists, things that they've been told not to ask celebrities.
 So, for example, when Meatloaf went to Auckland,
 all people were told not to ask him what he wouldn't do for love.
 Is it an obvious one, right?
 When David Eich, the big conspiracy theorist, went to New Zealand,
 Dom Harvey interviewed him, and he was told no questions about his failed predictions,
 especially the one where he predicted New Zealand would completely disappear in the late 90s.
 And then lastly, the killers, the band, were playing the big day out in Australia,
 and the interviewers were told not to ask about Bruce Springsteen religion or beards.
 And that's because the lead singer is a Mormon.
 He'd recently grown a bit of a beard, and their new album was being compared to Bruce Springsteen.
 And at the press junket, one of the interviewers asked,
 "Who has the best beard? Jesus or Bruce Springsteen?"
 Very good, mate.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that some grandfather clocks used to use ox testicles for their pulleys.
 Were they still attached?
 That would be silly. No, actually, this got sent to me by a listener,
 someone called Jenny Wildblood, and it's from a book called "Food in England" by Dorothy Hartley,
 and Dorothy Hartley was an incredible woman. She sort of documented all these social customs,
 dating back centuries, and she lived in the 20th century, and she died in it,
 and she recorded all these, she didn't make it out, damn it.
 So we don't have many places that this fact has written down, and it's from her book "Food in England,"
 and she says that the long testicle cord of a bull used to use all of the animal,
 and that cord was used as pulleys in some grandfather clocks, because it was strong in texture,
 and it was long. So, sorry, can I just ask, is the pulley the lump at the bottom of the pendulum?
 You've got the two things hanging down. No, the pendulum, the pulley, you know.
 The thing that you pull the stringy bit that has the blobby bit at the bottom.
 Thank you.
 OK, cool, and it was the blobby bit. No, it was the stringy bit.
 The stringy bit is the cord. The testicle cord is not the testicle, it's, yeah.
 No, in theory, they should have just used the testicle as the blobby bit. Yes, true, yeah.
 Use it all. Don't waste not one.
 There was one other thing it was useful. I tracked down the book, and it was also the long testicle
 cord of the ox was valued by drovers as a lash, so you might, as a cattle, be lashed by the testicle
 of your ancestors. By the testicles of your ancestors, sounds like an amazing exclamation.
 By the testicles of your ancestors. Are you crazy?
 So grandfather clocks.
 Let's all start picturing testicles and talk about grandfather clocks, which aren't as old as
 you might think, or the name isn't. So the name comes from 1876, and it's a song by a guy called
 Henry Claywork. So before grandfather clocks were called that, they were just called something out.
 They were called floor clocks, or they were called long clocks, or I think they had various names.
 But then he wrote this song, where he referred to them as grandfather's clock, and it's such a nice
 song. It's from the perspective of a grandson talking about how his grandfather's clock has been
 born at the same time as his grandfather, and they've both lived this life together, and they're
 really well bonded, and then when his grandfather dies, the clock stops working. And then it was covered
 by Johnny Cash some time later, and that's where we got the term. I guess you guys know that song,
 my grandfather's clock. My grandfather's clock. Yeah, I'd never heard it. It's based on a natural clock.
 On a real-life clock in North York, sure, it's still there. I've forgotten where it. I think it's
 near Dalington, and Henry Claywork was in this hotel, in this restaurant, and he saw this clock,
 and they told him the story of how it had stopped on the day that the guy died, and that's how he wrote
 the song. He said, "By the testicles of my ancestors, that's something for a song." Historians think that
 it was a marketing gimmick used by the innkeepers to dress up their inability to get the clock repaired.
 I didn't know that, as well as a grandfather clock, you could get a grandmother clock and a grand
 daughter clock. How cool is that? How is the gender differentiated on clocks? No gender difference,
 but it's height difference is what it is. They use the vagina of a nox.
 So, a grandfather clock is generally agreed to measure at least six foot three in height.
 So, that's a grandfather clock. A grandmother clock is six foot three below.
 You have to dig a hole, six foot three down into the ground.
 You need to go that way. Anything under six foot three is a grandmother clock.
 Andy said is right. What's the grand daughter clock?
 Daughter clock is exactly six foot three. It's anything that measures in between three and five feet.
 So, it still needs to be a tall standing clock. Otherwise, then, it's just a really tall clock,
 but it doesn't get status as a grand. And you also get the George Elliott clock, where one of the
 hands is really big. So, clocks have an amazing history, actually. So, the first clocks or some of
 the first clocks were water clocks. And the first water clock I could find evidence of was from
 ancient Greece, and its whole purpose was to stop people going on too long in words, which is a water
 clock. So, the way it works in ancient Greece was actually quite different to what came afterwards,
 but basically, what you had was you had a bowl, a small bowl, and you've got a little hole in the
 bottom of that bowl, and then you put it in a bigger bowl of water, and then the water gradually goes
 up through the hole in the bowl, and the time that bowl takes to sink is a certain passage of time.
 And they would use this to time people's speeches in parliament. So, the politician was
 whining on too long, and then you'd be like, "Mmm, the bowl's underwater now, get off the stage, mate."
 And then that was that was their purpose. Wow, that's pretty cool. That is cool. Bring it back. They should
 put the politician in the bowl of water and just slowly the speech we had. I think everyone has put a
 woman in like, "That would be amazing." That's a game show, I think. Yeah. It's time to play,
 "Hole in the Bowl." Do you know why we say a clock when, if you say it's for a clock,
 why we say that rather than just saying it's four? Because it's not. No, I don't know why we say that.
 Well, so this goes back such a long way. This goes back to when the, so, sundials for what we used
 before mechanization came into clocks. In the west was about the 14th century when mechanical
 clocks came in. And in sundials, what you had was the day was divided into 12 equal hours, and the
 night was divided into 12 equal hours. And so because the day is longer in summer, then the hours in
 summer would be much longer than the hours in winter. Yes. But with mechanical clocks, all hours
 are the same length. And so, when mechanical clocks came in, then people were sort of living on a
 half sundial, half mechanical clock basis. And so if you said, "What's the time?" As someone said,
 it's 12, or 12 is a bad, the worst possible example. That's the only one way. It's the same regardless.
 If you said it's eight, then they say, "Well, what do you mean? Do you mean eight on the sundial?
 Or do you mean eight on the mechanical clock?" And that's why it's eight o'clock, as an eight on the
 mechanical clock. That's what I'm going to start saying. It's eight o' sundial. Okay, we need to move on.
 It is time for fact number three, and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that the first
 motel was meant to be called a motor hotel, but the sign was too small to fit all the letters on.
 Couldn't you have just written smaller? He could have done that, I guess, but he'd already bought the
 letters and it's all the pieces on there. And also, below a certain font size, it's not a useful sign
 anymore. So right. It becomes a notice. So this is the milestone motel in, which was opened in 1925.
 It was in San Luis Obispo, which is exactly in between Los Angeles and San Francisco. And people
 had started using their cars to kind of drive around. And that was a very popular journey. But before that,
 people had to just kind of park into the lay-by and kind of camp. But he started this new idea of
 having a hotel where people could drive up and they could stay there. And so he wanted to call it the
 milestone motor hotel, but he couldn't fit it on his sign. It sounded really cool. I've seen
 photos of it. He was very inspired by sort of Spanish houses. So it's this beautiful. I mean,
 if you picture what an American motel is like now, it's the exact opposite. This was luxury. It looks
 stunning. It had enough rooms for 160 people to stay there. It had showers, central heating. It
 even had rooms for people's chauffeurs to sleep in. That's how much of an upper-class idea it was for
 him. And unfortunately, I think I'm right in saying he was unable to sort of trademark the idea.
 So as soon as he did it, everyone leaped in and opened their own and his idea of franchising it
 was out the window. That's right. He was called Arthur Heinemann.
 And we should say, because everyone's always wondered what's the difference between a hotel and a
 motel. And I think this is right. A motel basically means you can park up next to your room and
 go into it, right? And it's all kind of, the motel is in sort of a seashape usually and it's just
 all on one floor and you just walk straight into it. But there's no rules. So you can have a motel that's
 a hotel or hotel that's a motel. Yeah. But they had a bad reputation and even before Psycho,
 so imagine what that did for them. So from then, in 1940, Jay Agahueva, who was director of the FBI,
 said that most motels were dens of vice and high doubts for criminals. And they had this reputation
 for what was called the Hot Pillow Trade, which basically means the shadows of guests stay there
 in the space of 24 hours and not because they're really busy. So there was a study done which found
 that about 16 guests per night were staying at one motel because it was a place that you would go
 with your put mistress or your master. And you have a quick shag, you book it for an hour and then
 you go again and then you leave. And a 1935 study, which was done by a Texas university, found that 75%
 of my tell visits were one man and one woman remaining for a very short stay. And they also found that
 in one motel, 102 out of 109 guests signed in under fake names. Wow. They were dodgy joints.
 There's one really dodgy one, which is in Nevada. It's called the clown motel. And wherever you look,
 there are clowns looking at you. Oh my god. Basically, every wall there's a clown looking at you.
 But it's all right. You can kind of just nip out of the back if you want. But unfortunately, if you do
 that, you go to the historic minus cemetery where they have hundreds of corpses from people who died in
 the plague. Yeah. Oh god. A below ground. That's the way thing. I read up on that as well. They describe it
 as an abandoned cemetery. And I don't know how you abandoned a cemetery. Right. We're going everyone.
 Is your last chance for the bus? All right. I'd rather like this. In 2017, there was a man in
 India who was arrested for stealing more than 120 televisions from budget hotels across the country
 in an incredible four month crime spree. That was one a day. And his motor's operating was brilliant.
 He would check in and carry, as the report said, a fairly large suitcase. And if the TV in his room
 was really big, he would go off to the shops for a bit and come back with a really big suitcase.
 Well, he would just leave with that. He was caught. He was caught. Yeah.
 I'm amazed it took that long. I know. I found the worst hotel in the world. Oh, great.
 Well, there are theories, obviously, because there's not an official title. But one that gets quoted
 as the worst hotel in the world is the grand hotel in Pristina, which is the capital in Kosovo.
 And it has truly atrocious reviews. It's very, very, very bad. And when he was asked about it last
 year, the actual president of Kosovo said, "I don't think it is the worst hotel in the world,
 but that is because the world is very big." This is one more called Hans Brinker, which is an Amsterdam,
 but they make a virtue of how bad it is. They kind of advertise it. They say, unfortunately,
 most of the reviews are really true. The hotel website, actual website, for the hotel, says it's
 comparable to a minimum security prison. And they also advertise themselves as being environmentally
 friendly, because the curtains double up as towels. Okay, it is time for our final
 fact of the show. And that is Chisinski. My fact is that a man found guilty of deer poaching has
 been sentenced to a year in prison and been ordered to watch Bambi once a month during that year.
 This is great. So this was actually the end of last year, and it was in Missouri, and a judge sentenced
 a man called David Berry, Jr. And he had been done for poaching. He was like a family thing,
 like his dad was doing, his brother was doing it, I think. And the judge said, "Look, you've killed
 hundreds of deer, so I want you to watch Bambi and see what that deer might have felt like."
 And apparently, the prosecution said that the judge is hoping there will be some kind of emotional
 reaction. And weirdly, the guy who worked for the prosecution was called Don Trossa, so it felt like
 in the deer faction. I think if he's killed hundreds of deer, as he has, I think he might be able to
 cope with Bambi without cracking. I'm not sure who meant his ways because of the Bambi. I think it's a
 good idea, but... No, well, there might be something to the idea. So the person who played young Bambi
 in Bambi, he was the voice of Bambi. He became a US Marine, so he had to take lives, unfortunately,
 as part of his career, but he said that experience of seeing what had happened in Bambi's story meant
 that he never could bring himself to kill an animal. So maybe it does affect. Yeah, just killed.
 Shiller to humans. Yeah, yeah. But the one problem is that according to Sheriff Brad Delay,
 who is in charge of the Lawrence County Jail, where they sent this guy, they only have one
 cinema. So whenever they put it on, they have to get everyone else out of the room, and no one
 else is allowed to watch anything, and this guy just has to watch Bambi. That's amazing.
 Did they just run free? No, it's not. It's just in the recreation room. They just go to another part
 of the prison. Okay. They don't go, well, the cinema's out of use. Why don't you just have a run
 around? It's all right. Just come back in an hour. An hour or two, he'll be all right.
 He's amazing. This actor who played Bambi, Donnie Dunnigan, he was five years old when he got the role,
 which, you know, because that's what the role called for. But he had been in a few movies already,
 but his agent at the time hated the sound of the film, and he said, I've got a much bigger role for
 you in a Western. So I think you should take that and not become Bambi. And Donnie Dunnigan
 heard this agent talking to his mum on the phone, and he was quite rude to his mum on the phone.
 And so he fired his agent at the age of five, a variety round of stories saying five-year-old actor
 fires his manager. Which is pretty cool. You can't see Bambi doing that. But he did say he had this
 amazing moment, and this kind of depends on you having seen Bambi, which I learned to my horror
 that James and Dan haven't. Presumably you have. I have. Okay, good. He fought in Vietnam,
 Donnie Dunnigan, much later on, obviously. And do you remember the scene in Bambi where it's quite
 near the end, and Bambi gets shot, and he collapses, and you think Bambi's in real trouble here,
 and then his father, the big scary deer, sorry, this is a huge spoiler by the way, guys. But the big
 scary deer comes up over him, and suddenly says, you have to get up, looks down at him, and says, you
 know, Bambi, come on, you have to get up. By the testicles of your ancestors, you must get up.
 It's a very haunting and moving scene. But we all remember it. Yes, he says that verbatim.
 And anyway, Donnie Dunnigan fought in Vietnam, and Grenade went off, and Bazzoli, he was not to the
 ground, and he got a bullet to the leg, exactly like Bambi did in the film, got a bullet to the leg,
 collapsed, and his sergeant, he worked up to find his sergeant standing over him, saying, sir,
 you must get up, you have to get up, and he goes up, isn't that amazing? That's crazy. He was shot
 in a lot of places. He was asked to enumerate it, and he said he was shot in the back of the head,
 the stomach, the left leg, the left lung, the scrotum. But he didn't tell anyone else in the U.S.
 Marines that he was the voice of Bambi, because he knew he would have been bullied.
 You're going to say he didn't tell anyone he was shot. But your testicles appear to be bleeding.
 I just don't need them to clock somewhere. So Bambi is based on a book, and not many people know it's
 called Bambi a Life in the Woods, and it's by Felix Salton, and it's very different to the movie.
 So in chapter 12, Bambi has sex with his cousin.
 And that's only in the director's cut of the movie, isn't it?
 In chapter 12, he has a restless desire. He no longer recognizes his cousin, Faeline.
 She's now a sex object, and he has his merry way with Faeline all night, and he's so turned on
 he forgets to eat. And then a little bit later, Bambi's father gives him some drugs.
 And he says it tastes terribly better and smells sickeningly, and after many days, in an opium like
 days, he heals. No. I'm afraid so. What? He does, we should say in Bambi, he does get with his
 cousin. I don't know, I haven't seen it. Faeline in the film is his cousin, and he gets, you
 don't see a graphic sexy in the edited version. I'd love to see Felix being sat down by Walt Disney going,
 we love it. We love it. We're so excited to abort it. We've got a few changes we'd like to make.
 Another drug scene. We have a thing that's going to go down well with the six-year-olds.
 In the same year as he wrote Bambi, Felix Salton, he wrote a book called The Hound of Florence,
 which is about a man who turns into a dog every other day. That's like they could have done something
 out of that. That sounds quite good. Yeah. Well, he wrote also another very famous book, Danny,
 which was actually an adult erotica book. Really? Yeah, it was called Josephine Mutzenbacher,
 the story of a Viennese whore, as told by herself. And it appeared 20 years before his Bambi book,
 but obviously you can see related themes according to how they return on novel. Yeah, it's still to
 that. It sold three million copies. It was a very big book. I'm just picturing some sort of
 catastrophic mix-up with the two scripts for the films. Actually, weirdly, just quickly, the actor
 Donnie Dunnigan, who played Bambi, met Thumper for the first time when he was in his 80s. So,
 they never met. The kids just went into film the scenes and then obviously the Thumper Kid went
 in afterwards and then they met a few years ago when they were both really old men. They guessed it
 on a TV show and Bambi got to be like, "Hey Thumper." That's very true, really sweet. That's very sweet.
 There's a character in it that Bambi refers to as man. Was that right? Yeah, one man is man.
 It's man. Yeah, so that was a code that got used in the Disney offices. Anytime Walt Disney arrived,
 all the animators and everyone would go, "Man is in the forest." That was the code. Oh, really?
 To let everyone know, "Look like you're busy." Oh, really? And man got voted the number 20 villain
 in the American Film Institute's top 100 villains of all time. Did he? Just man. And also,
 Bambi was voted the 20th most scary horror film of all time. That was according to Time Magazine.
 Wow. They did study a dead deer when they were making the film. Yeah, the animators wanted to see
 exactly how a deer would move and how it fit together. So, they observed a deer corpse in various
 stages of decomposition for over several evenings to see the muscles and tendons and how they all fit
 together. I know. They said there was a rich aroma in the air. Yeah. But actually, according to
 scientists, if Bambi's mother had died, then really they should have just shot Bambi as well.
 Because actually, young deer, when they're often, they tend to have very bad lives because their
 antlers don't work properly and they're very likely to be killed. So, the humane thing if a deer gets
 off and is, I've left to the audience, I must say. Wow. Wait, the antlers don't work properly?
 Yeah, it's weird. They don't grow properly. They grow much slower, which means then they're
 less able to defend themselves. Wow. We should do a series of no such thing as a fish,
 factually accurate movies. Tonight, Bambi. Four minutes long. Well, here's another thing,
 man. In 2017, scientists discovered the first instance of a deer eating human remains.
 We put that in there. Oh, yeah. Yeah. They found this deer in the middle of the forest and it was
 holding a human bone in its mouth like a cigar. Where did it get the bone? There had been someone
 who had died, unfortunately. It hadn't killed someone. No, no. Because they do eat meat. I couldn't
 believe this. I was reading a blog by someone in America who's been hunting white tail deer in the U.S.
 and says that they can eat meat and they fish. So, first of all, they eat birds. Sometimes they'll
 catch a bird and then they'll eat it and then they go fishing, she said. They don't go fishing.
 They go fishing. They get a rod and a tackle, but no, no. This is what you said. They use the
 hooves to disable fish such as trout. They will then grab the fish with their mouths, chew it up
 and swallow it. Wow. I think if you, as a trout, if you can be caught by a deer, you deserve it.
 You failed as a trout. You got cocky. You got too cocky. We're going to have to wrap up very
 shortly. It's quite common in America or relatively common where they give these kind of weird
 punishments, don't they? There's a particular judge called Michael Sicione who is from Payne'sville,
 Ohio. Payne'sville. This is a great name. But over the time, there was a guy who was caught with
 a loaded gun and he was ordered to the local mob to look at corpses. There was a guy who had referred
 to a police officer as a pig and he was ordered to stand beside a live pig with a sign that read,
 "This is not a police officer." That's clever. Imagine if that police officer got involved
 in a major crisis where he got involved. There was a car chase and this guy with this massive sign
 he was next to a pig, not a police officer. Imagine the pig suddenly gets involved in like this
 insane. That's a Disney movie I want to say. Oh my god. I still think it's a good idea.
 It doesn't always work that thing. In 2008, I think it was the same judge. The 24-year-old
 had been blasting really loud music in his car and he was said, "You can either pay this huge fine
 or you can have a very tiny fine but you have to listen to 20 hours of classical music
 to sort of show you that listening to music you don't like is not fun and you shouldn't
 play it for other people." And the guy said, "Okay, I'll take the 20 hours of classical music."
 And he lasted 15 minutes and then said, "I'm just going to pay the fine actually." Wow. Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you would like to get in contact
 with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we could be reached on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Sriberlond and @Andy. At Andrew Hunter M.
 James. At James Harkin. And Shazinski. You can email podcast@ui.com. Yep. You can go to our group
 account which is @nosuchthing or you can go to our website. Nosuchthing is a fish.com. We have
 everything up there. We have links to our upcoming tour dates. We have merchandise. We have all of our
 previous episodes. Thank you so much guys. We'll see you again. Good bye.
