 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's No Such Thing as a Fish. Andrew Hunter Murray is off on his hollybabs this week
 And so we have been joined by the absolutely brilliant hilarious Kiwi actor and comedian Reese Derby
 We were lucky enough to get him because he is currently in quarantine in a hotel somewhere in New Zealand
 And frankly didn't have a lot more to do with his time
 Now you might know Reese from Flight of the Concord. You might know him from Jumanji and in podcast terms
 You might know him from the cryptid factor, which is his podcast all about the mysteries of the world
 Which he does with a certain Daniel Schreiber as well as another guy called Buttons
 Who I'll be honest is really the genius behind the whole thing, but we've got Reese and Dan on this week anyway
 I really hope you enjoy the show. We had a whole lot of fun making it
 Do check out the cryptid factor and for now on with a podcast
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from four
 undisclosed locations three in the UK and one in New Zealand. My name is Dan Schreiber
 I am sitting here with James Harkin, Anna Tichinski and Reese Derby
 And once again, we have gathered round our microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 And in no particular order here we go starting with you, Reese
 Well in
 1943 a spy who topped the Gestapo's most wanted list was New Zealander Nancy Wake
 Who once judo chopped a Nazi to death. I
 Don't even think that was possible. I don't know. Is it possible?
 I suppose you can if you can chop a brick in half you can chop a Nazi in half, can't you I suppose?
 I don't I don't think she chopped him in half. Oh, right
 Yeah, well, let me just check my notes. Yes in half. Wow. I mean those are strong hands guys
 So tell us more about her. Well, she was the and still is I believe them
 Most decorated female of any war. So she's a Kiwi
 She became a spy now. She actually left home at the age of 16. I'm gonna do the whole bio now take me 20 minutes
 She left home at 16 with 200 pounds in her pocket and went to London and
 self taught herself journalism and then
 She ended up in France
 And she was there during all the the Nazi build-up watching Hitler's
 Horrific actions in the early days and decided she into she interviewed Hitler didn't she or at least she was sent to interview him
 I couldn't find out if she actually got the interview. I couldn't find that maybe she didn't quite get through the crowds
 Mr. Hitler, please
 She's missed an opportunity if she has the karate skills
 You know, it's got him early, right?
 It's weird because it would look like an erratic sig Heil wouldn't it look like come on
 Just keep it firming up and she's well
 You can start off and the full extension of the Heil and then come whacking down
 I mean that could be what she did, but I don't think she did in fact
 I think the whole judo thing might have just been a little bit of a kind of
 Fluff it may not have been knowing her not that I do but knowing
 The way she was trained being ex-military myself a little bit of disclosure there
 Kill a man in four seconds using my bare hands. It was years ago now
 I was you know, 18 at the time, but it's more of a breaking of the neck from behind
 I'm assuming that's what she did. Well, but hey, you know judo sounds cooler
 It sounds a bit like judo. Have you actually been taught how to come up behind someone and kill them?
 To death with a neck shop kill them to death kill them to death
 It's not really a thing. I always thought there was a mix of people told each other in the playground when there were 12
 No, no, it's it's you learn unarmed combat. I was in the regular force cadets in the New Zealand Army
 So it was kind of an elite training school and then once I was I didn't actually do the the full-on hand-to-hand combat till I was a
 Signaler
 Two years later and I remember doing it in Hobbsonville Air Force Base
 And we were doing unarmed training and it was about yeah, there's a certain way you can kill someone in
 Under five seconds basically. I don't want to divulge too much information. No, it's a bit gross
 But yeah, you know, I was trained if anyone ever goes to one of Reese's gigs do not hackle in
 Well, I'd be enough they don't I think the word got out
 Once someone did heckle me and I went excuse me come here come here
 And I went no, please. No, please actually turn around
 And it was never seen again
 She was pretty um, she was pretty badass
 Wasn't she Nancy wake in terms of you know, I feel like if it hasn't been published yet a little book of quotes would be a
 Really enjoyable read because she did do bad stuff to people like you know
 She did a chop someone to death and she said I was not a very nice person and it didn't put me off my breakfast
 I just love that little extra like she was like I had to do what I had to do
 Isn't it it's quite like, you know from an action movie the kind of thing someone would say yeah
 Exactly, and and there's a sort of famous story about the fact that when she went to help out
 so she eventually helped out with the French resistance and
 There's a story involving the fact that she was married to a Frenchman
 She had to leave to London, but then she came back into France to help out and
 She parachuted back into the country and when she parachuted in she landed in a tree
 And that's where she was caught up and eventually her French contact found her hanging into this tree and
 You can guess her response then so the man who eventually finds her the Frenchman says
 I hope that all the trees in France bear such beautiful fruits this year
 Yeah, and she said she looked down at him. I've got a lovely pair
 She won't don't get me that French shit, and that's just again just wonderful badass. Well, this is interesting
 she was she was gorgeous and
 this is part of her charm so as a
 resistance fighter
 You know she used to get through the guards by actually using flirtatious behavior and saying would you like to search me?
 And she used her womanly charms, but also she had more balls than any man
 So she's an inspiration and coming from a country that she comes from that I come from New Zealand with a strong
 Feminist background. We were the first to give women the vote
 1893 we have a very strong female leader right now that the world is in awe of and I just feel it's kind of a this is a great
 person to talk about
 Yeah, because yeah, she's she's she's a
 Forced to be reckoned with and I wish she was alive today because she could she could turn a few heads
 I don't know. I mean she'd just be chopping people to death. I think I
 Quite I mean
 I think one of the very few areas where women get off better than men is that in stories like this
 You're badass if you're a woman, but if you're a man, you're really mean
 I mean she was she was vicious, right? She yeah time that she said that she wasn't
 She sort of had to be but apparently she didn't she had a very bad temper and she didn't survive very well in the post-war world because her
 Predelections were more for sort of
 Going around
 Upsetting people and killing people but when she said she wasn't put off her breakfast
 that was when she'd interrogated these French women and
 She decided that one of them was definitely a spy and so put her to death by firing squad and then was like, yeah
 Didn't put me off my breakfast. Yeah, she she was badass
 But I think yeah, she struggled in peacetime to I I believe that you know
 People are born for their time in some in some ways and when the war finished. She felt lost
 She felt like the action had stopped and she didn't know what to do after that because her purpose was
 Doing what she did and she did it so well and and I think there's a lot of people that fit into that the same bracket
 Yeah, she did say when he was saying that she was quite attractive
 I think she did she she wore Chanel lipstick everywhere
 I think she was never traveling without her Chanel lipstick her face cream and apparently her favorite red satin cushion
 Which seems like quite a cumbersome thing to carry around with you when you're supposed to be she she probably used it to
 Asphyxiate people to death. I would say that satin cushion. That's it when the chop didn't work
 Apparently she once fled a car that was under fire
 There was that she about to explode and then she ran back in order to collect a saucepan a jar of face cream a packet of tea and
 Her red satin cushion after which the car immediately exploded. I mean, that's a weird behavior
 She said that she never had any affairs didn't she during the war and the reason being because she was so attractive
 She said if I had accommodated one man, the world the word would have spread around and I would have had to accommodate the whole damn lot
 so
 If she'd have started shagging she would have never got anything else done. That's what she roll reverse
 You roll reverse that one and it just doesn't
 It does seem surprising that there hasn't been a big sort of film made of her life
 Maybe there has maybe this is there's a Kiwi film out there
 Well, I think there's one in the making right now and of course they say the movie Charlotte Gray
 Which was a book as well is partly
 Inspired by her that I've got another quote here because in the end of her near the end of her days
 She ended up back in London and living in the the Stafford hotel
 By the way, so you guys have been there the American bar
 Which is which is in that hotel is where she would even in her 80s would get up in the morning and have a gin
 She's always a good drinker lived to 98 by the way. So that makes me feel good about my drinking, you know, it doesn't affect you at all
 Now here's a quote so she said in the end because she actually sold her medals
 There's all these medals she got she sold them. She says look, I'll probably go to hell anyway and that only melt
 Isn't that great
 That's so good
 Yeah, she this hotel that she lived in
 She was given a complete
 Everything was paid for and I it's a concept
 I love the idea of I think every hotel should have a resident badass or just someone with a history
 Yeah, you can find at the bar and just go and get their story and they live there completely free
 And so glad to know that that existed for her. I think that's really wonderful
 You're thinking of the major in Fulty Towers. Basically, she
 Was actually thinking when I when I found that fact out as well that I was thinking to myself in my older days
 I'm gonna end up in some cool hotel and I'm gonna be the guy there that gets free drinks
 I'm just gonna have to achieve a few more things
 That was a great way to end your days
 I don't know you can either do more impressive things or you can set your sights on a less impressive hotel
 So I think that maybe that's what the major did like the major kind of didn't do quite so well in the war
 So we had to go to Fulty Towers. Maybe yeah, if you if you just go for a travel lodge. You could probably do that right now
 Your premier in level
 Whichever you want the jokes on all of you because I'm already in a hotel
 I'm in an isolation hotel at the Christchurch Airport, and I'm never leaving here. I get three meals a day
 They knock on the door. They deliver it in a bag. I don't have to do shit
 It's living the dream
 Living the dream we should say that Reese isn't in prison or anything. He's just in quarantine
 It's not sort of that's very nice of you
 But there is a small courtyard where we are allowed to do a little bit of a run around
 I went out there yesterday and there was a guy out there having a smoke going
 So a part of what Nancy was doing was smuggling people out of France
 this is what a lot of people's roles was this time and to smuggle them to safety and
 Do you know this so a lot of resistance fighters would smuggle children over the border to safety?
 And they'd have to smuggle them out with their ID cards and it became policy amongst the resistance to smuggle children's ID cards
 Inside their sandwiches because apparently one resistance fighter realized that the Nazis never searched the sandwiches that had mayonnaise on them
 Because it might dirty their uniforms
 Why they called it may I back and that was called may. I isn't to inspect the sandwich and then they changed it over time to may oh
 That's an amazing fact
 Dan you have had your place taken as the dubious facts
 I knew it was a mistake, Brigitte Grison
 The French resistance is there's so many interesting stories of amazing characters
 Some quite well-known names one famous person who became famous later in life
 But was part of the French resistance was the great mime act Marcel Marceau
 And
 Yeah, and it's really a sweet he must have been he must have been a signal man as well. I reckon like
 He'd be able to get anything across. What's that Marcel? It's windy. Yeah, you're stuck in a box
 Hang on. He's pulling on a rope here. He's but he needs a rope does he know he's already got one what's
 Sorry doing some extravagant mine here, which you won't be able to feel the benefit of at home
 Only is it I was told this was a visual
 More of a physical comedian
 Yeah, he had been studying Marcel Marceau had been studying Mime already at that point and they snuck out a lot of children
 across the border and
 Part of the problem is, you know, children kind of don't get it
 It's really hard to get children to understand the concept of you have to be absolutely quiet and and so on and so Marcel
 Used to do my max to them and using his mime and sort of entertaining them
 Sort of as it were trick them into going silent so that they were part of this act
 He rescued over 70 children and his brother over 350 children
 And I believe his brother was involved in doing the mayonnaise trick as well with the ID cards
 They used to do things where they I think it was his brother
 But they did stuff like they'd go near the border and they would throw a stick over and
 They'd get the kid to chase it and the kid would go pick it up
 But then they'd be over the border and then they were fine and they had their ID card and their mayonnaise sandwich
 So they could just get on with life
 They were dogs we say children we mean dogs
 It was a ball come on down. It was a ball. They weren't throwing sticks for children sticks balls all sorts of things
 But he was I think it was more so as maybe his cousin George Luange and maybe it was cousin his cousin and brother
 But his cousin George sort of led a lot of these efforts and he died in 2018 age 108
 So maybe the key to longevity is gin in the morning and just saving loads of kids lives. Yes. Yeah. Well, we're halfway there
 Yeah
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is James
 Okay, my fact this week is that John Cleese's silly walk is exactly six point seven times sillier than a normal walk
 Cause it is
 Okay, so first of all for anyone who's young listening to this. This is a sketch from Monty Python
 And for anyone you should not have to say that come on
 Please I know but you're young and you and you didn't know that ask yourself a question
 Why don't you know that?
 Wow, that's a real slam. See that's the kind of comedy slam you'd get from watching the comedy grapes
 So there was a couple of scientists called Nathaniel Domini and Erin Butler
 Who happened to be married and they are both at Dartmouth College in New Hampshire?
 And they looked at how John Cleese's knees flex when he was walking doing his silly walk
 And they found that occasionally his knees bent around
 110 degrees when he walked when in a normal person they would bend around 20 degrees and
 they kind of put in that and a whole load of other parameters and they worked out that his
 Walk is exact on the show is exactly six point seven times more variable than a normal walk
 Although when he did the live performance in 1980 it was only four point seven times more variable
 So they thought maybe as he was getting older. He was getting a bit less silly
 so
 But but it sounds to me like you're using well
 They are at least and you're reiterating the the scientific mathematical elements
 How does that adjoin to use a knee-term with silliness per se?
 I
 Feel like on a subject I don't understand
 But I'll answer that question anyway
 And they had to work out what silly meant and they decided that silliness was just basically variability
 And they kind of put the two together and said the more variable that you are the more silly you are
 and in the sketch for the young people who who don't know Monty Python and
 John Cleese kind of sees another guy called Mr. Putie and he says that his walk is three point three times and sorry
 And they've said that his walk is three point three times more variable
 So it's not quite as silly which is what John Cleese actually says in the sketch as well
 He's like, oh, it's not quite a silly walk
 but this is actually a point that the
 scientists were trying to make about funding right and they're saying that often when you're a scientist you have to go through this really
 Difficult peer review process to get your funding normally
 But what if you just had one person like John Cleese just assessing you when you walked in and seeing how silly you are or how good your
 Sciences, maybe that would be a better way of doing it than just this massive complicated peer review system
 So they're trying to they say they're trying to make an important point when actually just looking at the silly walk
 Right, so they think you should just have one bloat read read what you've written and say yeah, it's good to go
 That's what they were suggesting. Yeah. So did they find a is there
 Did they look at any actual walks of people being silly in real life and go?
 Do we have a measurement thing now where we can tell if people have a ten times sillier walk?
 Well, they you could use their system for sure
 But they didn't do that with other walks
 But there was another paper a few years ago in the proceedings of the Royal Society a
 mathematical and physical engineering sciences, which did a 19 page study on silly walks all the different silly walks
 They could think of and they analyzed them all and they worked out if there was any way of a silly walk being better than a normal walk
 And they said that basically there is no there is no silly walk, which is more efficient than a normal walk
 They always more calories and so there's no point having a ministry of silly walks at all
 They say that they should cut off all funding and there's no point in making a ministry of silly runs either because they're not better
 But reset I don't think you agree, but that in its fact is silly because for a start it's 19 pages long
 which is just silly and
 And also the fact that a walk is going to burn particularly with the silly nature more calories
 That's wonderful because you want to get more fit in other ways
 You're going to hurt your joints and let's move on to the fact that John
 Hated that sketch wished he'd never done it really
 Everywhere he would go because it was it's phenomenal
 It's an amazing piece of work and people would say every time do the silly walk do the silly walk
 You know and of course the older he got he couldn't he couldn't do it and he for a start didn't want to have to do that crazy walk
 Because it it you know it starts to hurt your limbs. This is also coming from me a physical comedian
 Who sort of you know obviously and very very much inspired by John over my tenure of which happened to be 10 years of
 It's actually small like 20, but what's what's half a career between friends? I
 Ended up hurting my joints and at the moment
 I mean the last couple years I haven't been able to do the physical comedy I once did
 But I never not liked it, but I don't like it now and I see why he
 Started to regret it. Yeah, and also he's had hip transplants
 His knees are shot to death and people still ask him to do it. And so yeah
 If you look at that walk, it does seem that maybe that's the reason he's had to have a lot of
 Replaced I mean that's gonna crack your crack your knees like you're not a hard one to
 emulate I don't know if anyone's tried to do it as well
 I mean a lot of it is the fact that he's so lanky yeah back in the day and he had such
 great
 Extensions and control over those would ridiculous limbs. Yeah. I like extensions as if he had some of some robotic
 But he was inspired by a guy called Max Wall who was
 Musical and kind of panto entertain a guy who was big in the 20s in the 30s
 And he played a character called Professor Wolofsky who did this really really stupid walk
 It's very similar if you watch it and oh wow still very funny
 And he played a pianist who also did this stupid walk, but he was a great character Max Wall
 so he married a woman called Marion and
 He's called Max and they had five children
 They called the first Michael and then they thought oh wow we've done the 3m thing
 And so they went on top of four more children and called them Melvin Martin Meredith and Maxine
 So they were
 I have the same thing in my family Mike and Maxine and they started calling their kids all m's as well
 I'd love to tell you their names, but they're cousins
 Yeah, they they've I should find out while you're well you guys are rambling on with the effects
 I'll find out what my cousins names. I think you should I think the listeners are really on tenterhooks at the moment
 It's annoying though, because whatever we say now all the fascinating stuff
 Are you there? What's what's your kid's names? I'm just on a an audio podcast
 Yeah, no, it's yeah, it's a bit. It's a bit dull. It's all facts and figures
 But they I want to yeah, they need to know your kid's names, right? So you got oh right Matthew
 Mint
 No, I'm gonna leave Craig. Yeah, I knew there was one with the seat
 Good luck on the farm
 Your family doesn't listen to this podcast because they're never gonna speak to you again if they do
 There's a place in New Zealand called John Cleese, isn't there?
 What yes, there is it is the tip in Palmerston North
 Because he famously visited Palmerston North and he said this place is a dump
 So they named the city dump after him
 Yeah, that's so funny
 Has he been because he's done tours of New Zealand Eric Eidel has been when John Cleese and Eric Eidel did a tour
 I think John's Cleese stayed in the hotel and Eric Eidel went for a walk up the up the dump
 That's so good
 Idled up the Cleese
 Yeah, the BBC didn't love Monty Python. Did they despite commissioning it?
 Yeah, what was commissioned by David Attenborough wasn't it? Oh, he was the original
 David Attenborough used to be the channel head for BBC 2 who's I think he was the original channel head and I
 Remember reading years ago and I can't find it since so this is I I want this to be true
 but I'm not sure that it is he didn't he wasn't on top of everything that was going out and
 Python was on quite late at night and it was very cult and it started getting this following which they didn't expect for something in
 That kind of late night slot and the story that I read is that Attenborough saw what this show was someone showed it to him
 Eventually and he went this is terrible and he wanted to decommission it
 But they said the numbers are so high that would be a stupid thing to do
 So he let it go on now. That's as I say I've read that years and years ago
 And I can't find where I've where I read that maybe because Attenborough's try to bury that if that's true
 But but he is responsible for it exists the one tarnish on his career
 As those and there's one time ish on my career and if I look back
 I was in a great excuse for me to do the voice that everyone literally everyone can do I've got three
 I've got that. Sorry. This is back on me again. Is it? Yeah, go for it
 I can do him John Wayne and
 Frank Spencer those are the only three and you know, I took those to Hollywood with me and
 Of course the only one I thought I might have a better chance with was John Wayne and they said no
 We're not I mean, it's not bad, but we're not gonna need it. I mean, he's long gone now and yeah, you know
 If we do a biopic, I don't think it's gonna be you dubs
 Well, I think it should I think it should be me. No, they'll pick a Frank Spencer in the offing in Hollywood
 I wish you would be I mean, well, wouldn't it be I was in condor man
 Did you know that he was in a big Disney American film Michael Crawford? What's he who was still with us?
 Thank God called condor man
 I've always wanted to remake that so if there's any listeners out there and I know there's not any visual people
 But if there's any
 Audio wallabies, I think I think we've lost most of the listeners have dropped off at this point
 Remake condor man and put me in it. That's all I'm saying if there's one thing I want to get out tonight
 It's that and yeah, just just
 Try and get some visuals happening with this show
 Main points
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is Anna
 My fact is that in 1814 there were days of rioting in Dublin because a dog who was supposed to be starring in a play
 Failed to show up on stage
 Why did he not turn up on stage what was well, he was actually demanding better pay
 Which the dogs had a very strong union in the early 19th century
 The dog actors union how talented was this dog could it talk?
 It couldn't it what it could talk in dog. It could bark
 Yeah, dogs could understand it, but well, how's you how's you treatment rough rough?
 Wow
 My dad literally told me that joke when I was 5 and even then whether you go. We're still rocking it. I want my eyes. Yeah
 Play that was very famous at the time actually it's called the forest of Bondi and it was based on a play called the dog of Montage
 It was shien the Montage which was written in France in 1814 and it was a
 Phenomenon it was so popular that it was immediately adapted into English and played around Britain and Ireland and
 Yeah, though it was being put on and there was a big hoo-ha about it being put on in Dublin
 But the dog's owner thought that the dog was not being reimbursed adequately given his extreme talent and people
 Turned up at the theatre and they thought they were going to see this play with a live dog
 And it which they were very excited about and a different place started because they haven't been able to secure the dog
 And they lost it and there was rioting and so like chandeliers were broken
 The whole orchestra fled so all the instruments were destroyed boxes were pulled down doors were flung off their hinges and
 This just went on so the following night the audience returned thinking surely they'll give us the dog tonight
 Same thing tried to put on a different play same riot and went on for days
 Hang on the whole place was destroyed and they turned up the next night going. Well, I'm sure it's reopened
 I was a bit confusing to me too because they did seem to be smashing the place to shreds every night
 But then the next night would come back and it would be miraculously
 They must have had like a joinery company who would come in every day and fix everything
 The next money going Dave you won't believe what's happened again. Yeah, we up again. Are we we're in okay?
 All right guys. We're back in there fix those instruments get those walls plastered. Anyway
 so the place kept being destroyed and then rebuilt in the night apparently and
 Eventually the deputy manager of the theatre came on stage to apologize
 But was sort of booed off on how to flee because projectiles were being thrown at him and the theatre manager just resigned
 I was it he resigned a letter to the paper saying he was emigrating. That was that
 Amazing the the play itself is as you say it was it was extremely popular and
 It was based on a legend that was written by Julius Caesar Scaliger
 The idea was that it was based on a real court case. So there was a French courtier
 To King Charles the fifth who was murdered and so they found the murderer and the only witness to the murder was the dog of
 This courtier and the dog recognized this murderer
 And so there was this weird thing whereby they made the dog and this murderer go into arm to arm combat
 they sort of like put them together to have a fight and
 The guy was given like a little club or something to fight against the dog
 And they had this big battle and the dog won and then the guy once he was defeated confessed to the murder
 And then he was himself executed and that's the sort of the basis of the story
 And it took place in this town that you mentioned Anna, which was Montagy
 Montagy, yeah Montagy and there's actually a statue there of the event of the dog and the man fighting
 Which you can go and visit if you go to this place. I like the way you say it's based on a myth
 by Julius Caesar
 Hoping that people will just think Julius Caesar wrote the myth when actually it's a completely unknown author from the 1500s called
 Julius Caesar Skelliger wasn't it or Skelliger? Yeah Skelliger Skelliger. Yeah, not Excalibur not Julius Caesar Excalibur
 It's not a name to live up to isn't it?
 It's a big one. Yeah, what's your name mate Julius Caesar Excalibur, okay? Alright, well, I'll get you just to do the mopping up at this stage
 and we'll
 Make sure you get Derby a drink at some point were you?
 Rolex caliber
 Yeah, so this this is a big deal this play. Yeah, what's a big deal when it was played at the court of Grand Duke
 Charles Augustus in the Weimar court
 Goethe
 Was like you can't put a dog on a stage like the stages for humans for actors
 You can't put a dog on there and they went no we're gonna do it anyway
 And he's like well if you do it then I'm gonna resign and by the way, I'm Goethe
 So really you've got to hear what I say and they said no we're gonna put it on and so he resigned and he was dismissed from the
 Grand Duke's theater just because he didn't want to have this dog on the stage. It's amazing Wow
 But Goethe just had a thing against dogs. He did he hates like why is he making such a fuss about this play?
 Just let it go Goethe but sounds like I mean obviously there's Faust where actually
 Metastopheles appears as a poodle at one point
 So that's bad, you know, he's like a demon but then in Goethe's semi-autobiographical novel
 There's a play that's disrupted by irresponsible dog owners in another play
 There's a couple of women who bitch about how they dislike dogs so much. He hates he had a thing against dogs
 Is this is this done after this him being fired has he is this revenge dog anger?
 He and the Duke basically the Duke loved dogs and go to hated dogs
 And their whole relationship was them just arguing about whether dogs are awesome or really shit
 It was like that's all they ever talked about
 Wow, they were very close
 It was like the only it was like a marriage where there's just one thing that wedged
 It's driven between you all the times, wasn't it? And that was the dogs dogs can be hard to work with and I come from
 Experience I have worked with a dog. I've worked with a few animals over the years
 But on a show called wrecked where I played an elderly man
 I said to them look, I'm not gonna play an older guy. Can I play a young handsome guy and
 They said all right, but we're gonna give you a dog. So it was a payoff. Anyway, I'm not a dog person
 I've said this many times over the years
 But they like you guys didn't listen and so I've got a massive dog
 They gave me a great day like it's the heaviest dog you can imagine and this is in Fiji
 We're shooting it and they said oh, yeah, these are all trained dogs. They're not they're just not wild dogs
 Okay, so they don't have acting dogs in Fiji. So when they say trained they mean, you know
 They know where their bowl is and there's got their name on the bowl. That's about it
 So I've got this ginormous dog sitting on me and I'm supposed to he's like he's meant to be my support dog
 Well, anyway, we're on a plane not a real one. It's an acting plane and this dog is on my lap and
 It's 200 pounds and I am is squashing my kahoonies
 And it was wanting to go away all the time and the only reason I would be staying on me is that I had to keep feeding it tiny sausages
 Anyway push comes to shove which I did do by the way and episode 2 I said to the team
 look either the dog goes or I go and the guy gave me a ticket for the plane and I called my lawyers who were also my agents and
 The dog was out on its beautiful hind ass
 Yeah, gone gosh, well, what would you rather have me or a massive dog?
 Don't make people answer that. Yeah
 Unfortunately the dog was busy today
 I
 Also worked with ducks, but that's another story. Oh, yeah, are they better to work with?
 They don't crush your balls so badly. I guess they didn't crush my balls
 So we got along quite nicely actually peer and if you watch the movie, it's called love birds
 I actually fall in love with the duck it crash lands on my roof and
 Yeah, we sort of we hang out. There's also a female I'm in love with but the duck does come between us and
 Eventually, I don't want to spoil it, but I've got to let the duck go
 That's really sad, you know you was saying about how they didn't like they didn't bring in a professional dog
 For your yeah set on your lap and eat your tiny sausage like that is one of the main problems that they have in Hollywood
 So there's a guy called Bill Berloni who runs a company called theatrical animals and they have dogs
 And other animals which are specifically trained to be in movies as in they know how to work on movies
 How to work with the lights and the cameras and stuff and they say that 80% of the calls
 They get is where people have decided to put on a show and just use someone's pet or
 Used like a trained animal rather than a properly trained animal and they've decided after about two days
 This is not going to work at all, but it's a huge union. You have to use the the acting dogs the acting animals
 You know there's a massive industry, and if you don't use them, then they'll be hell to pay
 I actually did just on stage dogs
 So dog and back to the 19th century dog drama was a really popular thing
 But especially between sort of the 1820s and 1860s in the UK
 Then they were usually short quite bad plays
 But people loved them because they just went to see the dogs perform and they were well trained dogs
 We're not talking any Fiji and bullshit here
 they were so they were trained to do one particular move which was called taking the seas and
 This meant basically as an actor
 You had to have a string of sausages concealed around your neck in a scarf and at one point in the play
 The dog would always the dog would always be trained to leap up to your neck and maul away at the sausages to try and get to
 Them and then you're taken down to the ground and it looks like the dog is tearing away at your neck
 Yeah, right very famous move. It was it was used in a very popular play at the time dog Hamlet
 The superior version of Hamlet which apparently according to the owner of the most famous dog Hamlet actor
 Who was called devil's hoof? That was the name of the dog
 His owner said dog Hamlet was conceived by mistake when Hamlet was being played on stage
 And this dog was in the wings and when he saw the wrestling between Claudius and Hamlet at the end
 The dog galloped onto stage and sort of got involved in the fighting and the audience loved it
 and they weren't well, we've got to make this a thing and
 So dog Hamlet became a thing and the plot of dog Hamlet was basically the same as the plot of Hamlet
 Except there was also always a dog on stage accompanying Hamlet the whole time
 In the final scene he got to pin Claudius down while Hamlet killed him. It sounds great
 I don't know why it doesn't get get played at the National Marathon
 One of the reasons that these dog dramas were so popular is because of the licensing act of 1737
 Which basically meant that whenever you wrote a play you had to give it to the law chamberlain
 And they had and he had to check through it and make sure that there was nothing bad in there
 And it was a real
 Ass of a hoop to get through but luckily a dog drama didn't really have any lines apart from bark bark bark
 Or something, you know, they were melodramas
 There was hardly any lines in there at all
 And so they were really easy for people to write and get past the law chamberlain nice
 Yes
 The just one last thing is I found a quite nice thing which is that animals used to in Hollywood
 Be acknowledged for their contribution to film and TV and there used to be an award ceremony that took place called the Patsy and
 the Patsy
 stood for picture animal top star of the year and
 It ran for a number of years and the very first one was hosted by Ronald Reagan in 1951
 And it's great. It's just nice to look through the list to sort of acknowledge all these incredible animals
 So in the first year animals that were acknowledged were Francis the talking mule
 Black diamond the horse lassie the dog lassie gets its first mention there
 But yeah, the Patsy and they stopped doing it and that's a shame because there are a lot of animals in movies that are still
 Given they're all that's interesting to me that they stopped that because they're held in such regard
 Especially in the States, you know the these acting animals. So I wonder why yeah, absolutely
 I wonder why
 they stopped the award
 Ceremony maybe because the animals don't realize they're getting awards
 Yeah, I'm not sure
 I mean the animals don't even realize they're acting
 Are they held in?
 Yeah, it is the big do some of them
 Do they because you look at the such the like lassie for example
 Or the the other famous one can't recall the name but the dog that was in
 Frasier, do you remember that little adi? Oh, yeah, he definitely knew what he was doing
 And the owners and the trainers will tell you they'll come off and they'll
 They'll look at you and they'll be sort of like how do I do how do I do and they'll want to do another
 Take
 Because they they know they've got to run on I've got to do a certain thing and they have to do it in a certain way
 And then they'll come back and they'll get a treat or whatever
 But they know um, they know that this camera is there and especially if they're doing it for years
 so, you know, even though I
 Took the mickey out of the the the dog because I've been working. I have had experience with it. Um, I do
 Uh, acknowledge the work that goes into it. Do you ever see those guys like the duck?
 Do you ever see the duck in like social settings anymore or no?
 Sadly, I have not visited the duck. Um
 Is that is that because the duck's too busy or you're too busy is one of your careers really take off
 Look, it's it's an actors thing. We when we leave the film, we leave each other
 It's what you do. It doesn't matter whether you're human or animal
 Um, and you might see each other at the awards, you know, not so much now if there's no animal awards, but uh,
 You know the agency christmas do
 You might
 Do you get do you get occasional calls from it going risa? So you've been cast in jumanji lots of lots of animal roles in that
 Yeah, look slip a word in I pair. I'd love to work with you
 But as you know these days a lot of them are computer generated. Okay, so you real life animals
 Just of you know, you're a you're a bit of maintenance aren't you?
 Yeah
 Wow, hell rude
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact
 My fact this week is that while filming return of the jedi in the forests of california
 The actor who played chubacca had to be accompanied by crew members in brightly colored vests so that he wasn't shot by bigfoot hunters
 Wow, amazing. Yeah, and this is um for a long time
 This was a sort of a legend of the behind the scenes filming that no one had properly verified
 But peter mayhew who sadly passed away last year, uh, who played chubacca in all of the movies right up until the last
 Mayhew not may I isn't it
 Mayhew
 So yeah, so he played chubacca in all the movies including the force awakens
 He sadly passed away and actually um, he was unable to do the one after the force awakens
 What was that one called the last jedi? Um, I think it's called no one cares anymore. Wasn't it?
 Yeah, that might be it
 He um, but he's still consulted. He's in the credits as chubacca consultant and um
 He was on a reddit AMA where he was asked the question and he confirmed that this was the case
 They were in these forests of california, which is a big bigfoot hunting territory
 It is where all the most famous encounters of bigfoot happened in the californian forest
 Bluffs creek is where the most famous footage that we know of the paterson
 Gimlin if you picture bigfoot in your head, that's the footage you're thinking of that happened in a californian forest
 So you can see that there would be slight concern of a giant
 Chewbacca like character walking around that he might be hunted down. So yeah, it's uh, it's what happened also
 Probably grizzly bears do they have them there like they might shoot them because they think is a grizzly bear
 Other than something that doesn't exist
 Okay, so two points there
 no
 Okay, there's no grizzlies in that territory and they do exist
 Clearly, okay. In fact, I've got many facts here. How long have you got?
 To prove to you guys that they there's an estimated number between two and six thousand of these creatures
 That's one bit of evidence. Yeah in north america
 Okay, they have extreme elusiveness. They have fear of humans. They nocturnally feed
 And they have nomadism. Okay, that is
 Basically they in their groups they migrate they move on the move all the time
 More than 10,000 people in the u.s. Have described encounters with bigfoot over the last 50 years
 And a third of all bigfoot sightings are recorded in the state of oregon risa
 I do see that you're reading this but um, what word did you get these facts from? I was just wondering these are out of my
 007
 Leon kirk bet got me for my birthday. Okay
 So your sources yourself
 I've written their hand written by me. These are facts written by me
 Last year 2019 scientists unearthed new evidence of the original bigfoot. Uh, what do you think that is?
 Oh, the giant
 hominid thing is it like chance or something 10 foot tall ape
 Gigantopithecus
 Which they believe is related to the modern day
 orangutan
 Um, it's interesting. That's you know, obviously, uh, there are more people who disbelieve in bigfoot than there are people who believe in it
 But the people who do believe that he she might exist
 Uh, quite it's quite interesting people like david attenborough has always said he thinks that the yeti for example
 Could be a real thing. He's he's said multiple interviews if you look at his career with all that montipython stuff
 Can you really believe that guy?
 He was tarnished a long time ago. You're right. Yeah
 The only second tarnish that he has said he's been trying to dust under the couch for a long time
 It's his bigfoot belief
 And here I can't believe i'm saying it but bigfoot is real
 Um on tuebacca
 Okay, there is a star wars comic from 2004 an official star wars comic
 Called into the great unknown that says that millennium falcon crashed landed into the earth in the in the pacific northwest
 Before the area was colonized by people and that tuebacca survives
 He kind of is immortal or something and he became the mythical bigfoot
 So maybe tuebacca is bigfoot
 I love this theory. Um, it's also a comic I believe but
 Because it makes total sense and you know now he would have to have mated
 But then a population can grow and also it counts
 for the
 spaceship situation
 ancient astronauts for example, so therefore
 Um, extraterrestrials have landed here, which you know, we all know is true as well
 So it does tie in with the bigfoot and ufo
 Factor which which I find fascinating and that's why star wars is such a popular documentary
 Exactly. Well everything's based on fact and that is that is a derby quote
 It's in the book. It's in the govlo 7 book. It's in here. I wrote it. It's on page four everything
 Have you guys uh recent dan ever been to willow creek or you're familiar with willow creek
 Which I think is sort of the home of bigfoot, isn't it in california?
 It's one of them. Uh familiar with it. Yes. Have not been. No
 Because it's kind of amazing how well they do like the the willow creek museum apparently rakes in $500 a day
 Which for a microscopic museum in a microscopic place in the middle of nowhere is a lot of money
 A lot of people seem to go to this place the entry fee is $500
 [Laughter]
 Right
 It's amazing and it's you every day, isn't it?
 There's another museum. There's a sasquatch museum in georgia in cherry log georgia
 And they it's called expedition bigfoot and one of their main things they have is a buttocks imprint of the sasquatch
 So apparently the sasquatch I know about that one. Oh, do you? Okay. Well, I don't I mean it's a it's a plaster cast, isn't it?
 Yeah, so it it they left an apple out and the sasquatch came in the middle of the night and it
 uh because they're nocturnal and
 It went to grab the apple but it didn't go right up to it because it so it sort of actually lent down and on its
 On its buttocks on the on the on the unfortunately
 I think it was muddy ground and reached over and got it and
 Took off and left an imprint. Yeah, and they've got that whole cast and they did the cast
 Yeah, it's a famous one and according to jeff muldrim professor of anthropology at the university of idaho
 It has obviously prominent buttocks that are well muscled and the hair streams downwards and inwards towards the natal cleft
 If anyone wants to know what a bigfoot butt looks like. Yeah, and I've got a tattoo of a natal cleft
 On my right shoulder blade, so delighted. This isn't a visual medium
 Underneath that it says everything's based on fact
 So this this podcast is obviously broken now
 The very famous footage that I was mentioning before that we all know the paterson kimlin footage
 Yeah, those guys those guys are very interesting. So bob kimlin is the surviving one of the two. Um, he's in his 80s
 And he and you've met himries, which is so interesting because he wasn't a bigfoot hunter. He was uh, he was basically
 A um daredevil to an extent. He used to ride
 Yeah, he was a stuntman and he used to write carts through the canyons
 He was courted by evil keneval to be part of his daredeviline team
 And that was going to be his whole career and then he was filming this thing with paterson where they were actually
 Filming a movie about someone else's account about these eight men in california
 When they suddenly found bigfoot and took this footage and for 35 odd years afterwards kimlin's life was effectively ruined because no one believed them
 What they were saying his wife used to get teased at her workplace and constantly people would be revving up to their house
 Saying let's go bigfoot, you know drunk people and then I think it was in the early 2000s
 He decided to show up to a conference where suddenly he was met as if he were a god
 And it was only then that his life turned around and it's interesting that just in those 35 years
 He didn't break him down the sort of the what it did to his life that he sort of admitted it to a being a hoax
 He's always stuck by his guns. Yeah. Oh, that's nice. He found his people
 Yeah, exactly because when when they got the footage
 Paterson was a bit of a showman and took it around everywhere
 But gimlin didn't really want to have anything to do with that
 He just wanted to look after his horses and stuff. And so paterson hired someone to pretend he was bob kimlin
 No, really and they massively fell out. I mean, this is what I read
 I don't Reese might know this but like yeah, they massively fell out and it was only towards the end of paterson's life that they kind of made up
 Um, in fact when paterson went around with this cousin, I think who's called the atley
 They were making so much money that they did the classic thing of at the end of each night
 They would go back to the hotel room and have money fights where they threw money at each other because they were making so much
 The flip side to that is while paterson is having these money parties throwing them around the room
 Gimlin sold the rights to the footage to a fellow bigfoot researcher for ten american dollars. Wow
 That's yeah, that's all he made for me. You've got to get that in tiny denominations to make a good money
 I was reading about what scientists thought of this film. There's a guy called john napier
 Who's like a big bigfoot?
 Scientist and I think kind of a kind of fair on both sides as far as I was reading it anyway
 And he thought that he was quite struck by the way that the bigfoot walks in a really exaggerated way
 And he says why ruin a good hoax by ordering an actor to walk in such an artificial way
 Sorry, how how many times more silly is the bigfoot walk?
 Yeah, there's an there was an anthropologist called daniel schmitt who said on this
 He said either this is a person trying to walk funny or bigfoot walks in a manner that is more or less
 identical to a person walking funny
 And let's not forget it has breasts
 Let's not forget that
 Yeah, because yeah, why would you put a put?
 Breasts on a on a fake bigfoot suit. You know give you that extra
 Moment of difficulty to to get that accurate in terms of its movement and you know go to those troubles
 There's there's you know, I'm not here to to scientifically
 Prove and argue this case, but you know, there's if you do want to dive into it listeners
 Please cross over live now
 my podcast the cryptid factor which
 You'll absolutely enjoy. It's also it's visual. It's not just audio
 Although we're not we haven't got the visuals up yet, but uh, it's like this is less facts
 I can't believe our podcast has been one long advert for the cryptid factor
 We're not putting this out. We need listeners
 Can I ask and I can't I can't even believe I'm going down this road. What am I doing?
 I hate myself
 But if that presumably there are male big feet as well
 Because if it's just female, how are they breeding or do the males also have breasts?
 How is that working?
 Yeah, it's this male and this female and this youth and people have seen all three
 Okay, so it's not just females that people know it just so happens in this footage
 Bigfoot in this footage is actually called patty. Just a little nugget there
 Patty the big foot is the name that's given to her
 The big foot research organization
 Go out and they do expeditions every year
 Maybe four times a year and you can sign up if you go on the bfro website
 you can be part of an expedition to
 Try and find these things and quite often almost every time they will at least hear the howls in the forest and
 You know, it's it's it's well worth your time
 But I mean that's a matter of opinion
 Look you can either do that or go and watch dogs on stage. It's up to you
 Can I just I know it seems totally unrelated, but can I say something about the yesi which I found really amazing
 It's very related. Yeah. Well, you know, I don't know if the big foot
 Fans hate yetis or whatever. But so the yesi is obviously this of nepali's equivalent of bigfoot
 So it's yesi an abominable snowman are himalayas bigfoot sasquatch. They're north america and
 A yesi finger
 Was once smuggled out of napal by my personal favorite actor jimmy stewart. That's right. It's it's an insane story
 Where did he smuggle it? What put where did he put it? Why did he put this finger?
 No
 Now see that would have worked so much better if you guys had video because
 Can I just say I put a finger right up? We used to have our own tv show and every time you say this would work
 Well in video. It's a dugger to our hearts
 Oh, I'm so sorry. And also if there are any bbz commissioners listening, they're going. Thank god. We definitely did the right thing
 Yeah, you're here next week. Okay. You've you guys you've got the visual show, but you're gonna have to have restabi
 That's
 That's gonna be about bigfoot. No, we got decommissioned by attenborough. Interestingly. Yeah, he came back
 Just for one off decommission
 I can't believe that guy. I know so many cock-ups in that career
 Anna, can I ask what happened with um, did you say jimmy stewart? What happened with his um with his yeti finger?
 Where is it now and the finger? Well, thank you for asking james
 So this basically started when there was a yeti hand apparently that was in a nepali's monastery in the 1950s and
 Basically, there was a guy who had a great name at this huge oil magnate called tom slick
 Very cool name for someone who's made wealthy from oil and he organized this
 expedition of scientists to go and basically get the yeti hand
 And so this guy was sent out to get it. He was called peter burn. He was an explorer
 And a british scientist had given him a human finger to swap with the yeti finger with one of the yeti fingers on this hand
 So he got into this monastery
 It's a bit up in the air whether he got permission from the monks or whether he just stole it
 But essentially he hacked off the yeti finger replaced it with this human finger
 Wow stole we're falling on the side of stolen
 But then it happened that he was mates with james stewart and james stewart's wife gloria who happened to be in the area
 And so he said i'm so sorry guys, but you might heard you're going to the uk
 Would you mind taking this yeti finger back with you?
 And they did and they they smuggled it out in gloria jimmy stewart's wife's
 lingerie case, which i actually didn't even know that was a thing
 But apparently no one searches lingerie cases. In fact, they asked at customs at the other end in britain
 You know, did what did you open the lingerie case and the customs official said no, of course not
 We'd never open a lady's lingerie case
 So I should say that they have done analysis on this finger, which was kept in the hunt area museum
 They've done some analysis recently and it is in fact just a human finger turns out
 A call he swapped it back. He swapped it back
 There's always a response, isn't there? That's the good thing about this kind of thing
 Because yes, because now
 Jimmy stewart or
 Tom slick has the actual yeti hand and of course if you've got that that finger
 You're not going to divulge that information. That's up in your in your glass cabinet up on the third floor near the landing
 By your big foot books
 I love her respectful james and ana are big to you reese if I said this i'd get fucking murdered
 Oh, yeah, but don't forget who edits this thing
 I'd like to get a copy of all the things that I said that don't end up in the show
 I'll throw them on my show. Okay. That's just that's going to be all the things. Yeah, I'm sorry
 There's a limit on the size of fire I could send
 Okay, that's it that is all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast
 We can be found on our twitter accounts. I'm on at schreiberland james james harkin reese
 Uh, please don't contact me. It gives me anxiety
 That should have been your line
 Wish I thought of that phrase five years ago
 You can email podcast at qi.com
 That's right
 Well, you can go to our twitter account at no such thing or a website
 No such thing as a fish.com all of our previous episodes are up there. You can check them out
 We also have little bits of merchandise that you can find the links to
 Do check out Reese's fantastic podcast the cryptid factor
 It's it's really do you do that on your own resize the uh predominantly on my own now again. I have a couple of guests
 but yeah, it's all fun facts and uh
 Voibles from my from my notebooks. I've heard the gas tends to bring it down. You're thinking about aren't you?
 All right, everyone. We'll see you again next week. But then oh, yeah, I just I'd also just say
 It's it's been an honor being on this show. I'm a big fan of the podcast
 And I'd like to do a special shout out to my son Finn who's also an avid fan
 Hi
 Finn we should have got you on for god's sake
 Oh, yeah, he's more sensible. It's very it's very up that you would end the show with just Finn, isn't it? Yeah
 Yes, and also I got to say Theo my my youngest son otherwise
 He'll be like why didn't you mention me and my wife rosie and michael and maxine
 um moosh minky
 mud and of course my favorite
 May I?
 All right, see you again next week guys. Bye. Bye
 I just want to look you in the eye really quickly and check because it's very hard to tell with you
 Do you believe that big foot is the real thing?
 Are you talking to me? I am yeah
 Yes, cool. Yes, absolutely. Isn't it fun? Isn't it fun to think that? Yeah, and I'm all about fun. Yeah
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
