 Hey everyone, before we begin this episode of Fish, we just want to let you know that we're starting a whole new thing.
 Yes, and that thing is Facebook Live, and it's going to be every Monday at 5 in the afternoon, British time.
 And we're going to be on Facebook. We're going to be streaming a video of ourselves at Facebook.com/nosuchthingasoffish,
 where we talk about the past week's episode.
 That's the idea. We always, when we put these episodes out, get lots of emails, lots of tweets,
 lots of people in the streets running up to us and shouting that we got things right, we got things wrong, they want to add things,
 and we thought, "Why don't we turn it into a sort of post-episode book club where we talk about the previous week's episode?"
 So come there armed with your facts, with your questions.
 With your complaints, you know, if you think someone says something stupid, it's a dance at another fact that wasn't true.
 If you think we missed a joke, we quite often get tweets or emails saying, "I can't believe you didn't make this joke."
 Yeah, maybe don't bring the abuse bird about my facts, but everything else, absolutely.
 Yeah, so we'll be there 5pm British time, it's facebook.com/nosuchthingasoffish, and we hope to see you there.
 So, yeah.
 And with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing As A Fish" a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and Anna Chazinski.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our 4 favorite facts from the last 7 days.
 And in no particular order, here we go. Starting with you, James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that Guinness World Records have entries for most mouse traps released on the tongue,
 most matchsticks extinguished by the tongue, and most fan blades stopped by the tongue.
 Wow.
 Is it all the same guy?
 No, different guys.
 Most mouse traps released on the tongue.
 And does it mean the mouse trap is on the tongue, or does the tongue make its way into the mouse trap?
 That wouldn't be very impressive, would it?
 If you just balanced a mouse trap on your tongue and then it snapped against air in your mouth?
 Yeah, no.
 It's really not that.
 It's literally getting a mouse trap sticking your tongue in it and it's just going to snap.
 Wow.
 What is the record? What's the most?
 The record is 53, and it was done by a guy called whose surname is Casey, I can't remember his first name.
 And weirdly, he did it at the Murray Land Renaissance Festival where they reenact things that happened during the Renaissance.
 Yeah.
 Got famous.
 Yeah, I think that was under Louis XIV, wasn't it?
 There's a tongue record that's missing from your list there.
 There's a few, yeah.
 Yeah, this is my favourite one.
 The most blow torches extinguished with a tongue in one minute.
 So I want to compare matches to blow torches then.
 Yeah.
 How many blow torches?
 48 in one minute.
 In one minute.
 In one minute, is this Australian guy from Byron Bay called Shane, but spelled C-H, Shane Holtgren.
 He had a blow torch in each hand and he was putting them out with his tongue and he did 48 in one minute.
 Did you know that Shane Holtgren is married to Zoe Ellis, who holds a record for most mouse traps released on the tongue in one minute.
 Open brackets, female closed brackets.
 Wow.
 Yeah, so they have the talented tongues.
 And how you meet at that convention or whatever.
 And he said, "Put it through."
 Just why?
 Why did they marry?
 Why did they do this stuff?
 Because they want to get in the Guinness Book of Records.
 So for instance, the guy who did the most matchsticks extinguished is a guy called Asherita Ferman.
 And he holds records for the most Guinness World Records.
 And basically, he just tries to beat as many world records as he can.
 Wow.
 So he also has records like Pogo Stick Jumping Underwater Longest Juration.
 Underwater, okay.
 Not easier underwater, really.
 So I think that trivialises the good name of the Stopping of Fanblade with your tongue.
 Guinness World Records.
 Yeah.
 Hopscotch most games in one hour. How many do you think that is?
 Four.
 Twenty.
 Well, I don't know how long a game of Hopscotch takes, really.
 I can't remember how it starts, it finishes.
 The 3600 seconds in an hour. How long does it take to play a game of Hopscotch?
 Well, surely you can have unlimited people playing Hopscotch in which case they could take forever.
 But if there's just one of you, then you could do a game every minute.
 Well, I think if you're trying to beat the record, you probably don't want infinite number of people playing.
 Okay.
 You probably did it on his own.
 Hang on, I'm going to say it takes 20 seconds to play a game of Hopscotch.
 Oh, sorry.
 I know the rules of Hopscotch.
 I think we've ascertained, I don't.
 So I think what you do, if my memory serves, is you throw a little stone onto the number one,
 and then you Hopscotch it around, and then you come pick it up, and then you throw it onto the two,
 and then you Hopscotch round, and then you do three, four, five, six, seven, eight.
 Is that right, Anna?
 That is correct.
 Why do you have to throw a stone to get onto the...
 Well, that's a game.
 It's just a game, because if you don't get it...
 It's like, why do I have to hit this tennis ball over the net?
 What's even the point? It just keeps coming back.
 But if you miss, do you have to throw it again?
 If you miss.
 If you miss the one, if I'm throwing my second or the other one.
 Yeah, you do.
 If you're playing against another person, say you and I were playing and you missed the two,
 then it will be my turn to aim for the one.
 And it will be whoever completes it first.
 I think I can see why tennis took off in a bigger way, to be honest.
 I think if you're missing the one, you're not made for that game anyway.
 All right, it's true.
 It's one of those, it gets progressively harder, because the tennis further away from the one.
 All right, the one who says it takes five minutes to play against Hopscotch.
 So I think he did 12 in an hour.
 He did 33.
 33. I said, 40? Do I say it?
 You said 20.
 Great.
 It's pretty good. That's pretty good.
 But this guy firm and is quite good, because he invents new things to beat records in.
 And so he invented a thing called land rowing, where you basically get a indoor rowing machine.
 You put wheels on it and then you try and go as far as possible or as quick as possible.
 And he got the record in that, because he invented it.
 But De Guinness accepts his invented new criteria, this biggest weirdo in the playground,
 to keep some making up new records to break.
 Don't they decide?
 Yeah, you would think that.
 I reckon he must have friends on the inside, right?
 Yeah.
 I think he's broken so many records, they kind of like him and they accept some of his more unusual.
 Because they must see his number come up on the Guinness phone system in the office and go,
 oh no.
 What's he thought of this time?
 And he's like, most phone calls to Guinness.
 Are there rules about what you can do in terms of?
 Because they haven't got like the record for the fastest anyone's chop their own hand off.
 So where does it stop?
 Because you can put out a blowtorch on your tongue, which I presume is quite painful.
 So they tend to accept quite a lot of things until someone says, no, this is dangerous.
 So for instance, they stopped obese animals quite recently.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because there was always people saying, my cat is, you know, the fattest cat ever.
 And then they said, well, actually, it's not very good to feed your cat Mars bars all the time.
 So maybe we shouldn't have this record anymore.
 With the record for stopping fan blades.
 Yeah.
 Are we talking ceiling fan?
 Well, one of those fans where you'd have to put your tongue in between the bits of caging in order to get...
 Surely it's a little handheld fan.
 I have a feeling it isn't.
 I've seen a photo of it, but my memory, my visual memory isn't good enough to remember what it looked like.
 But I've a feeling it was quite a big fan.
 Right.
 Like a big sort of one that you would get in a warehouse.
 Who cares?
 Imagine you're at a rave and it's getting really hot in there.
 And so they get some kind of industrial fans to put in the corner.
 Yeah, it was implausible from when you said, imagine you're at a rave.
 Unless I'm there in an administrative capacity.
 The only rave I ever went to.
 I got kicked out of the sleep. I got to fall asleep.
 And I was the one who got trouble.
 I woke up. Everyone was doing drugs around me and they're like, hey, you can't do that in here.
 Have you heard about the record for the longest tongue?
 This is another Guinness record.
 Okay, so the average tongue, the average person's tongue is 10 centimeters from the back of the throat.
 The point is called the oropharynx is where it joins the back of your mouth.
 The man with the longest tongue, as of 2015, was a guy called Nick Sturbo.
 And he has a tongue which when his mouth is closed extends 10 centimeters out of his mouth.
 So it's like he's got an entire whole normal tongue outside his mouth.
 But not when his mouth is closed because when his mouth is closed it will be inside his mouth.
 And his mouth is closed around his tongue.
 Can he put it back in his mouth?
 He can put it back in his mouth.
 Does he roll it up like a party, though?
 He doesn't roll it up like a thing.
 He's missing a trick, man.
 Well, how does he fit it in?
 Well, he says it's perfectly comfortable, doesn't he?
 I would have thought that would be really uncomfortable.
 He doesn't know any different, does he?
 That's a really good point.
 Do you know what he uses his tongue for?
 He's a respectable man.
 He advertises on it.
 Like little banners.
 Does he pretend to have a party, but a party popper, you know, those things he blows, but he doesn't.
 It's just his tongue.
 That's not what he does, no.
 Does he use it to point directions to strangers when he has both his hands off?
 Yeah.
 He doesn't.
 You're one letter off with pointing, though.
 He paints with it.
 So he said that he made the good argument that a gift is something that you're born with.
 You get given.
 But to turn it into a talent, you have to use it in the best way you can.
 This is philosophy, so he's taken to painting with his tongue.
 And he calls it licking.
 So if he did in fact say, "How did you know what was that?"
 That's really good.
 Did you say it again?
 Licking.
 Yeah, so he'll say, "I licked his favourite animal as a beaver."
 He claimed to...
 I know.
 Because he's got a sense of humour this guy.
 So he'll say, "You know, I just licked a beaver and that'll be he just painted a beaver."
 But we have a word for painting things.
 Yeah.
 Not with the tongue, though.
 This guy can call it whatever he likes.
 What's the one doing here?
 Yeah, but licking is taken.
 It's done.
 That's not how it works with words.
 It does have to.
 It does have to wrap his tongue in cling film before he dips it in the paint.
 Does that make sense?
 Because the paint is acrylic or it...
 Who knows? It might be a lead based paint that he uses either way.
 He then has to lick the canvas with a cling film covered, paint covered tongue.
 Because he was inspired by someone he saw on YouTube.
 An Indian man who painted with his tongue,
 but who also got quite bad toxic humour for something.
 So he decided to avoid that.
 But do you know who he says his favourite artist is when he was asked to his favourite artist was?
 His second favourite is Picasso.
 Lickassel.
 Yeah.
 Can you give us a clue?
 Someone liked Picasso.
 Is it one of those elephants?
 Oh, that's unbelievably close.
 My clue is that Dan's really close.
 The monkey, bubbles.
 Coco, the gorilla.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, very good.
 On tongues.
 There's a job, which is a baby food taster.
 And I was reading, I think it was in the Guardian, a woman called Beth Anderson wrote a piece about what it's like being a baby food taster.
 So she's a super taster, which we've talked about before, which is people who have many times more taste buds on their tongues than normal people.
 And she's just, her company is just insured her tongue for a million pounds.
 Wow.
 So valuable is her tasting abilities?
 So she accidentally is looking at near the scurting board and there's a mouse trap down there.
 And she dies into a tongue first.
 But she says she really tries to get into the mindset of a baby when she tastes it.
 Wow.
 Wearing a nappy.
 Throwing up on her mouth, yeah.
 Sucking on people's nipples.
 She just says she makes a real effort to get into the mindset of a baby.
 So each time she puts a spoonful of pure aid, Sheppard's pie in her mouth.
 She tries to remember being six months old again.
 Just about like skillful tongues, there's a guy called Glynnecki.
 I can't remember his first name either.
 But he is one of the record holders in tying a cherry stem with his tongue.
 Do you know this kind of trick that people do?
 Yeah, yeah.
 So the first time he ever tried it was in the bar in Florida and it took him 20 minutes to do just one of them.
 And now his record is 679 stems in an hour.
 Wow.
 679 stems in an hour.
 Yeah, that's not right.
 No way.
 Well, way, way.
 That's so nice.
 One of the six seconds.
 That's good, isn't it?
 But then apparently he says if you try it, you'll get faster with practice.
 But if you master the skill, be prepared for relentless sexual subtext that comes with it.
 Oh, poor guy.
 I bet he's really hating that.
 Yeah.
 Did he invent that practice?
 No, he didn't.
 Oh no.
 As in this, a reasonably common thing.
 I remember hearing about it when I was a kid.
 Me too, yeah.
 Apparently you put it in your mouth, you fold it over by folding your tongue over.
 You know, like folding it backwards.
 And then you somehow manipulate the ends so that it goes into a loop.
 Yeah.
 This is what so my brother does it.
 And then he's like, it's really easy.
 You just fold it backwards with your tongue.
 And you're like, yeah, I've got that bit.
 And then you go, and then you just weave one bit through the other.
 This is one way you're using to do that.
 Yeah.
 My epic glossis.
 Knock it in with that.
 If you are a sommelier.
 Do you know what you should be doing with your tongue to keep it match fit?
 Okay.
 So we're talking wine tasting here, are we?
 We are.
 You should dip it in olive oil once a day.
 That's nice.
 Should you hang it out of your mouth as often as possible?
 So it gets aired.
 Yeah, maybe.
 Is it that you rub it with something or you treat it with something?
 Sort of, yeah.
 What they do.
 You don't know, Dan.
 I know the one that I've got on the paper, but you might have all suggested correct answers as well.
 I phrase that really badly.
 I'm not informed on what you shouldn't do.
 The answer is, is that you should lick rocks.
 Oh, come on.
 Yeah.
 It's to train their palate.
 So I guess it clears them.
 It rots it up.
 Maybe it releases sort of things.
 But that's what they recommend.
 It's this new book that's come out called Corkdork.
 And that's what you call obsessive sommeliers.
 Corkdorks.
 Corkdorks.
 Right.
 Yeah, so the Corkdorks, they lick rocks.
 They do tasting sessions at 10am, which they call tongue cardio.
 What?
 Tenam.
 Tongue the magic out for the tongue.
 Tongue cardio.
 Yeah.
 Can I just say one thing about tongue prints?
 I read an article.
 This was in a scientific journal about how tongue prints might be a good thing to use instead of fingerprints.
 Oh, wow.
 And they said that it's good because you can stick it out of your mouth for inspection.
 Otherwise, it's well protected in your mouth.
 So, you know, you keep it protected, but then you can stick it out.
 It's difficult to forge, according to them.
 According to them, the act of physically reaching or thrusting it out is a convincing proof for liveness in a person as well.
 That makes sense.
 I've always said that.
 Whereas, if you're sort of in a passport queue and you're holding your person, you've just murdered by the art.
 You can shove their finger onto the print thing and the one will be any of the wiser.
 Exactly.
 And does it not suffer, though, from, remember, there's that fact about how people in pineapple factories were losing their fingerprints?
 Yeah.
 Because of the acidic quality of the pineapple?
 There's an enzyme in it, yeah.
 Yeah.
 And so, and isn't there another fact that pineapples kind of eat our tongues as we're eating it?
 So, wouldn't you be altering your fingerprints every time you had a pineapple?
 Yeah, but then it's the same problem with the fingerprints, so it's no more problems than you already had.
 Kind of, except all of us don't work in a pineapple factory.
 But all of us don't eat pineapples constantly, that presumably you're touching pineapples with your fingers as much as you're eating them,
 unless people are feeding you pineapples.
 Got it.
 But I just, I would hate to, like, lose a case because the guy who rolled my house has a big lump of pineapples.
 And what would he have left his tongue print?
 Unless, unless you had a collection of rocks that he loved.
 And he was a civilian, maybe.
 It's some painting at my house.
 What are you going to do with a tongue print?
 Look, if you're a sommelier.
 You decide to rob a geologist else?
 Okay, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Pope John Paul, the second's Pope mobile,
 can be hired out for stag do's and hen do's.
 So this is the one that was built when he visited Ireland in 1979.
 And it was built by these two guys who were given a brief to build it.
 They weren't given too much money to build it.
 So some of the things that...
 Well, it was a problem because some of the things that are attached to the modern Pope mobile,
 that Pope Francis uses, i.e. bulletproof glass, was not affordable for the one,
 because no one was willing to pay for it.
 It cost like £200,000.
 They asked the government for the money, didn't they?
 But it never made it into their account.
 Yep, exactly. So instead they used shadowproof glass.
 And one of the builders said, so you know, if a fellow threw a stone at the vehicle,
 the glass wouldn't break.
 That was the level of protection that the Irish Pope mobile was giving.
 But so yeah, so once he left, the Pope mobile remained in Ireland.
 And it went to a museum. There were two of them.
 And they decided that it would be fun to rent them out for stag do's and hen parties.
 And that's what's done.
 And it still includes the original chair that the Pope sat on inside the actual...
 Is it like the...
 Because I think of the Pope mobile as being basically a bubble.
 So yeah, you're thinking of like the golf buggy version of the Pope.
 There's many like the Batmobile.
 There are many, many different versions.
 Oh, there's only one version of the Batmobile.
 No, there's plenty. You've got the Adam West Batmobile.
 But they all work the same, don't they?
 They look nothing like each other.
 They're all black.
 No, they're not.
 They're basically the same.
 Guys, they're not. Look at photos.
 A covely we're having this chat. They are completely different.
 How do you know it's a Batmobile then?
 Because Batmans in it.
 There are two.
 Does any car become a Batmobile then?
 Yeah, for the purposes.
 So if I gave him a lift in my mini,
 do you have to become a Batmobile?
 Yeah, if he has to get a train to a crime,
 does that become a Batmobile?
 It's still mobile, so it would be a mobile.
 He has a Batcopter.
 The helicopter.
 Right. Yeah.
 So there's...
 You just put Batman in it and it belongs to it.
 So, same with the Pope, same deal with the Pope.
 You put Pope in any car.
 It's a Batmobile.
 Yeah.
 So what do these staggered-handies?
 Because surely it can only fit one person in it.
 No, it's a pretty boring stag.
 No, you cut the stag in it.
 And that everyone else stands either side of it.
 Kind of throws rocks at it.
 So what it had was a sort of a truck-like area
 where 15 people could sit inside including the Pope.
 And then it had a balcony of sorts
 where the Pope came out to on the front
 to wave to people with a hand railings
 to make sure it didn't fall.
 That's why it can be lent out to stag do's
 because up to 15 people or 16 people can be inside of it.
 But of course, it was 300 euros an hour to rent, wasn't it?
 Yes.
 And they kind of suss out what kind of stag do you're going to be?
 Because obviously they want a bit of respect
 in the Pope's chair.
 Yeah, they said we'll be selective about who we choose.
 Will they?
 I don't know how selective you can be with stag do's.
 And then there's marketing itself as a stag do.
 Oh, I don't know.
 I've been on some pretty respectful stag do's.
 You were only invited for the admin though.
 I did the accounts and the billing stuff in the corner.
 Oh, dear.
 But Pope John Paul said he didn't even like the name Pope Mobile.
 He asked the media not to use the word Pope Mobile
 because he thought it was undignified.
 So imagine if he could have found out
 what would happen to it after that.
 And same with Pope Francis in the modern one,
 they all hate the word Pope Mobile
 I think it sounds as you say a bit sort of.
 Actually, Pope Francis doesn't like it at all, does he?
 He's very modest.
 And he thinks that you shouldn't be rolling around
 in this ground thing, especially for you.
 And he mostly just uses the vehicles that the Vatican has.
 It's got like a bunch of vehicles he can rent out.
 He drives himself around town on his own.
 He prefers to be out in the open.
 So he has an open top because there was an assassination attempt.
 And so since then they were often billet proof and stuff.
 But he's like, no, I want to feel close to my people.
 So he just stands in an open top car.
 He told reporters it's true anything could happen.
 But let's face it, am I age?
 I don't have much to lose.
 Yeah.
 So they're very relaxed actually.
 Yeah.
 And so the current one that he has,
 you always see it going at about 10 miles an hour.
 But if it needs to make a sudden escape,
 it can go up to 160 miles per hour.
 Yeah, it could just jet away at 160.
 I think that was the last place, wasn't it?
 The golf buggy type one.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 No way.
 That's something that an aerodynamic could get into.
 Yeah, I'm 160, yeah.
 It's a puzzle.
 I think wings come out the side and it just balances it.
 But he's not driving it.
 So he'll just sit in the box.
 No, no.
 No, it doesn't drive the Colombian.
 I thought he said, no, that's your mix of your Batman.
 You said he drives himself around.
 No.
 Do you mean in his little car?
 I said that.
 And that's the latest one drives himself around,
 just in the rental car.
 Just rents a car.
 It's the Vatican, special Vatican cars that they have.
 And they have their own license plates, don't they?
 Yeah.
 They all have a special Vatican city license plate.
 The license plates.
 Number Cv1, which stands for Stato de la Chita de El Vaticanto,
 which just means Vatican City basically.
 But the locals, the local joke in Rome is that it stands for
 say, Cristo Videsi.
 Hang on, James.
 Let me explain.
 You don't need to explain the joke.
 No, you're right.
 Let's move on.
 Can you explain it, please?
 It just means, say, Cristo Videsi.
 It just means if only Christ could see this.
 It's a joke about the Pope being flash.
 No, I get it.
 Oh, God.
 Let's move on.
 These two guys who built this original Pope were built
 that we were talking about.
 Yeah.
 They owned this company called O.B.A.M.
 and they were the biggest vehicle builders in the country
 at the time.
 They claimed to be the first people to make refrigerated trucks in Ireland.
 And this is the origin story of the company.
 They were in town one day having a pint.
 When they got a bus home, they noticed there were trucks going up and down the road
 and said, "Why, we should start doing a business making trucks."
 And then they became the biggest truck makers in Ireland.
 Wow.
 And made the Pope reveal.
 Awesome origin story.
 Right.
 And the other thing about this Pope reveal, the original one that we were talking about,
 is there is a place to keep a gun.
 And that was because US Archbishop Pail Masinkus was with the Pope at the time.
 And he always carried a gun with him wherever he went.
 I love the sound of this gun.
 And this guy, a deranged priest, attacked him once with a bayonet.
 Wow.
 And so he always kept a gun by his side.
 Attack the Pope.
 He was going for the Pope.
 What?
 A deranged priest.
 Beautiful words.
 Ran at the Pope with a bayonet.
 And this guy, Masinkus, managed to thwart him.
 With his gun.
 No, with his bare fists.
 Okay.
 And then from then on, when they built the Pope mobile, they built this little pouch
 that he could have his gun in there.
 The last time that there was an assassination attempt on the Pope,
 it was this guy called Mehmet Ali Adce.
 And it was in 1981.
 And he'd actually escaped from prison in Turkey for another murder.
 But he tried to kill the Pope and he went to prison.
 And he's been let out now.
 And he's done a bunch of things.
 First of all, he said he wants to meet the current Pope.
 But he already had that.
 Bring him over.
 No, but he feels really bad.
 And the other Pope who retired as well.
 Can they get that open-roof car that the love's getting in?
 He's seen the error of his way.
 So he also wants to convert Catholicism.
 And one of the first things he did was he went and laid some roses
 at the John Paul II's tomb, who is the guy that he tried to assassinate.
 But he's also said, in 2010, he said, by the way, guys,
 I'm up for killing Osama bin London.
 If you guys want me to.
 You may just dress him as the Pope.
 I think you're all being really cynical about it.
 He's recently reformed, man.
 He's also approached Dan Brown, because he wants to write a book with him.
 What?
 Yeah, he wants to write a book of his life and adventures as a potential Pope assassin.
 But yeah, so I quite like that all these countries around the world
 have Pope mobiles waiting to go.
 So occasionally they bring a Pope mobile in a plane
 if the Pope is visiting a country.
 So like the beast, like how the American president has the big beast car
 that gets taken over season in the planes.
 They do that.
 But most countries like Ireland have one, well, Ireland used to have one already.
 I don't think they'll be using that one.
 Pope Francis is next to him.
 So just wipe it down.
 Okay, we need to have it returned Pope by seven,
 because there's a stagdew for Nikki going on.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that there is no such thing as a manta ray.
 Okay, so just to clarify what a manta ray is before I blow your minds.
 It's a type of fish.
 It's a type of fish.
 Of which there is no such thing.
 Yes.
 And this is another thing, which is already part of a no such thing thing,
 which is also a no such thing.
 Exactly, yes.
 It's become kind of an anti-matter podcast, doesn't it?
 Dark matter podcast.
 So there is a new paper out about these things.
 Manta rays.
 And you'll know what I mean when I say Manta ray.
 The absolutely massive sales shaped fish that swim through the water.
 They're really huge.
 Sometimes you'll see it on the sidebar of the internet with one behind a lady in a bikini.
 Yes, it's a very popular meme.
 It's a photo that was taken where three people were having the photo in the ocean
 and suddenly behind them.
 Manta ray rises up and is photo bombing them.
 Oh, that's very nice.
 Okay, well, those things don't exist, basically.
 So there's a new study in the zoological Journal of the Linae in society.
 And there are two species of Manta ray.
 And there are nine species of Manta ray.
 And this paper is arguing that Manta rays have basically been miscategorised
 and that they actually all fit into Manta ray.
 They're saying, basically, that they're all the same thing.
 But because Manta rays were named first,
 that everything has to be called Manta ray.
 Because you're always named after the first thing that gets named.
 Yes.
 And these are not different enough, basically, to be their own genus.
 But the problem is, Manta ray is not very common word.
 Whereas Manta ray is a relatively common word.
 So people are just going to carry on calling the Manta rays,
 even though they're not really called that.
 I think even I may do, just by the fact that this is my fact this week.
 No, I think we should start the campaign.
 Mobulas are funnier word, I think.
 Mobula ray.
 Mobulas a bit on a matter of peak, as well.
 I bet they make a sound a little bit like "Mobula in the water."
 Do you think we do?
 Do you think they name themselves?
 Yeah, I see, isn't that what we'll fish to?
 We'll ask them what they're called.
 They tell you, then you kill them and put them in a museum.
 Yeah.
 Unless you name them Alfred, which is what the reef mantra is called.
 What?
 What?
 It's called Alfred. It's called Manta Alfredi.
 Oh, that's cool.
 This is named after Batman's Butler.
 That's right, yeah.
 No, it's named after Queen Victoria's son Alfred.
 He was the first British Royal to visit Australia.
 So, they were so excited about getting a proper royal over that they named a mantra after.
 We actually got an email about this a couple of weeks ago from a guy called Rich Horner,
 who works out in Bali at the exact spot where they were doing all these tests.
 I mean, he works out in Bali, or he works out in Bali.
 He works out in Bali and between Jim Sessions wrote us an email.
 So, he wrote us an email saying he's been dying to tell us this range,
 because he listens to our podcast and has been known for a while.
 So, he said, "News just in, there's no such thing as a mantra ray.
 They've just been reclassified as big devil rays, brackets, modular rays.
 After DNA study of them, I work in Bali on Nusa Lembongan, which I believe is an area.
 That's pronounced differently."
 Where we work with Marine Megaforn, a foundation team, to ID the mantra rays here,
 creating a database of them all.
 We thought we had 30 to 40 of them 10 years ago.
 But by using their unique spot patterns on their chest and belly,
 we worked out that there were over 600 individuals here on our island.
 So, the project was set up there by Andrea Marshall.
 Andrea Marshall was a subject of a natural history documentary called Andrea Queen of the Mantis.
 And she was visiting the other day, giving us an update,
 presentation on her current research, and then drop the bombshell
 that her geneticist colleagues were writing a paper describing them as just big devil rays.
 I've been itching to tell you guys this for ages.
 There we go.
 Oh yeah.
 And he's offered that if we want to go swimming with these new modular rays,
 we're more than welcome to him, Bali.
 Yes.
 Yes please.
 Yes please.
 Do you think was there a huge gasp in the conference where she announced
 that actually mantar rays were just devil rays?
 I reckon some people stoned out.
 I think you're right.
 A few fainted maybe.
 That's what it is big news.
 It's huge news.
 Study.
 So you find out that they're actually just big deer.
 Yeah.
 That is huge.
 That's what it is like.
 But there must be like people who study mobulas and people who study mantas.
 Yeah.
 And now there's only one job for those two people.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Sacking's a hoi.
 Do you know they mate in a train?
 In a train?
 In a train of mantar rays.
 So like a conger line.
 A conger line.
 Yeah.
 God you've been in some pretty spicy parties.
 If they're mating in a train, doesn't that mean you're always mating with someone
 who's actually mating with someone else, who's actually mating with someone else?
 Oh, and is there always some poor mobular ray at the front?
 He's not getting any action.
 Unless they do it in a ring.
 Yes, unless it's a ring.
 Is it a ring?
 That wouldn't be a train.
 That'd be a weird train.
 It would be like a model rail.
 Yeah.
 I've got the answer here.
 We'll take it.
 So no, it's up to 30 males follow around one female.
 Right.
 And she leads them on a dance.
 And she tests their endurance to see if they're fit enough to breathe with her.
 And eventually she selects one.
 She does a load of cool swooshy moves through the water.
 So here's where she bit like the conger, isn't it?
 There's a bit like the conger.
 The person at the front says challenges.
 What they do are dance, don't they?
 Yeah.
 You follow in the leg.
 Yeah.
 And if you stay until the end, you get to have sex with someone.
 Is that it?
 That's how it works.
 I love the conger.
 And eventually the female at the front of the conger selects a single male and they mate.
 That's cool.
 They are very social and they hang out sort of in groups together, don't they?
 So they eat socially, like humans, a bit, sort of, in that they do what's called stacking.
 So there's one man to ray that will be at the front.
 And that's the one who's doing most of the feeding.
 And then he'll eat a lot of she will eat a lot of the plankton.
 And then the other plankton will be whipped around his body.
 And then we'll feed into the gaping mouths of the people behind him.
 And they switch roundtos at the front.
 So they just take it in turn to get us to be the prime feed.
 Very nice.
 It's really sweet.
 Yeah.
 Not if you're a plankton.
 No, that's true.
 No one ever thinks about a plankton.
 No one thought if you're a plankton, yeah.
 Do you think you've got past one of them?
 I feel like thank God for that.
 And then another one comes out already.
 I see.
 There is an article called "How do you stick a camera on a man to ray that I read?"
 Do you know how you do that?
 No.
 Can I see it quickly?
 Oh, I mean, I read that they're naturally incredibly mucousy.
 So wouldn't it just... they're coated in mucous.
 You lure them with that.
 That's what you do.
 No, is it that you just pop it on them in the mucous?
 No.
 Well, that's one of the problems.
 So if they usually put things on fish like with a suction cup,
 but the skin of the man to ray doesn't really allow for that falls off quite quickly.
 And so there was some scientists and they had some peanut butter with them.
 So they decided to smear peanut butter on the camera, on the suction pad.
 And it worked, miles better, and they stay on for like four or five hours now.
 Wow!
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 That's brilliant.
 Why do scientists have peanut butter, but not an adhesive, a scientific kind of glue?
 Crunchy or smooth?
 Well, that's the real question.
 Sorry, answer that.
 I'll start with that as a question.
 I think with proper adhesive, it might be difficult because it might be toxic, I suppose.
 Or you don't want it to stay on forever.
 It's quite good that it comes off after a few hours.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 I'll allow it.
 I've forgotten what Dan's question was.
 Crunchy or smooth.
 I actually deliberately forgot about that.
 Oh, sorry, sorry.
 It must be smooth, right?
 Yeah.
 There is one amazing website called elazmo-research.com.
 And it just has a Q&A section about man to rays.
 It reads like it was written by a man to ray, basically.
 It's just complete nonsense.
 No, it says, "Is it true man to rays have rescued fishermen?"
 And the answer is probably not.
 If, apart from breathing season, man to rays are not terribly interested in one another,
 they're probably not interested in a hapless fisherman either.
 I know.
 They can recognise themselves in a mirror, we think.
 We think.
 We're not sure.
 But if that is true, that is massive, because no fish has ever been shown to recognise itself in a mirror.
 So when you say we think, it's about how they act in front of the mirror as opposed to acting in front of another man to ray.
 So for instance, if I was to put a spot, I've got a marker in my hand.
 If I was to put a spot on your forehead and then showed you a mirror,
 you would likely, because you're an intelligent human, kind of try and wipe it off.
 Got it.
 And so if you did it to an animal, if you did it to, let's say, a shrew and put a dot on the head,
 they wouldn't recognise that it's their head with the dot on it, so they wouldn't try and wipe it off.
 If you did it to some primates, they would.
 If you did it to an elephant, they would.
 And I think what you're saying is, 'Manta ray wood' as well.
 Well, although the way they tested it with the 'Manta rays' this time.
 Excuse me, you've just got a little bit of...
 ...was nothing as advanced as that.
 They said that they put a mirror in front of the 'Manta rays'.
 And they noticed that the 'Manta rays', first of all, they didn't seem to try and attack or interact with the thing in the mirror,
 which implied that they knew it wasn't another 'Manta ray'.
 Right. And second of all, they blew bubbles and made odd body movements as if they were showing off their own bodies in front of the mirror.
 Wow. I believe it. I completely dig it.
 And I think they do save fishermen, actually.
 I think they're very sweet.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is Chazinski.
 My fact is that the former mayor of Bogota once hired 420 My Martists to make fun of traffic violators,
 because he believed Columbians fear ridicule more than they fear punishment.
 What was he called?
 He's called 'Antanus mocus'.
 I call him 'Antanus mocus'.
 I bet you do, yeah. It's not his name.
 Oh, my God, he's called 'mocus'. I know.
 I know. People to make fun of other people.
 It's perfect, isn't it?
 I think next he's going to get 'Antanus' is not his name.
 Anyway, this guy, 'Antanus mocus', is such an awesome guy.
 And so he was mayor at a number of times, and he changed Bogota in so many good ways.
 So this policy really worked.
 He fired all the traffic police, because they were known for being very corrupt and taking lots of bribes.
 And he, at first, he replaced them with just 20 My Martists.
 And they would do things like they'd, if a pedestrian crossed the road at the wrong time,
 or if someone was waiting in traffic and is about to skip a red light,
 the My Martists sort of chased them or go up to their window and like make mocking gestures at them.
 And they found that it really worked, and it reduced reckless driving and reckless pedestrianing.
 And so he added 400 more.
 But if you hired MIMES to replace your traffic cops,
 I think of traffic cops as basically MIMES.
 Yeah, they are.
 They're just sort of doing the gesturing, like, come on or no, you stop over here.
 Yeah, when they're doing stop, it's like they're in a tiny invisible box.
 Yeah, exactly.
 If you fail the MIME exams, do you bump down and become a traffic cop?
 Yeah, that's how it goes.
 The other thing about that is, if you like MIMES, I don't think that many people do like MIMES,
 but if you like them, maybe you would deliberately break the rules so that they came over and...
 You know when you're driving?
 Yeah.
 ...and there's like an electronic sign, and if you're going over 30 miles an hour, it does a little sad face.
 Yeah.
 You might deliberately go at 31 miles an hour, so that I get the sad face.
 It might be like that.
 Because you like sad faces.
 Yeah.
 But it does a happy face if you go under.
 Yeah, who wants a happy face?
 No, it's yeah.
 No wonder my text messages from you are so passive.
 See you later on a frown.
 Yeah, he is an amazing character, isn't he?
 Oh, thank you.
 He used to go round in the streets wearing a Superman outfit, claiming to be a character called Super Citizen.
 He's just one of those crazy cool guys.
 He didn't just do that for no reason.
 He did that while cleaning up the streets.
 Yeah, it's cleaning up the streets of crime.
 He would like, well, I think it was rubbish.
 That is a crime though, dropping rubbish.
 But that's not what Batman means, so he says he's cleaning the streets.
 That's Batman's day job, actually. That's how he made all those billions.
 Get the bad recycling like old bottles.
 No one's on as you can bring mugs back when you've drunk your mold wine, you get two pounds back.
 That's how he makes his money.
 To the bad bottle bin.
 Yeah, so he did that.
 He also did a really cool thing, which is he launched this idea, which was called A Night for Women.
 And the idea was that all the city's men stayed at home in the evening, caring for the children.
 And the city's 700,000 women would go out.
 I'm Tim.
 And Tim dressed as Superman.
 Wow, that is just an interesting character, isn't he?
 And the idea of being that women felt uncomfortable sometimes,
 because some people thought that some parts bogged out were dangerous at the time.
 And they feel much more comfortable if they go out and they don't see any men around.
 Which I can tell you guys.
 I'm so glad you're here to actually qualify the things I've said.
 I've just gone for the headlight.
 And it really worked.
 So he cut homicide rates by 70% and he cut traffic fatalities by 50%.
 And he was actually a mathematician.
 So the reason people, part of the reason people liked him was that he was a mass professor,
 who actually was sort of fired from sort of had to quit his job in 1993,
 because he was giving a lecture and the students in his lecture theatre weren't listening very hard.
 And so he dropped his trousers and mooned them all.
 And shortly afterwards resigned from the post of mass professor at the university.
 And instead became there.
 He said when they asked him about that,
 he said innovative behaviour can be useful when you run out of words.
 There you go.
 And that was his thing.
 He was saying no one's listening to me, no matter what I say.
 So I'm going to show them my ass.
 And maybe they'll listen.
 And that's like Anna says, that's how he became famous.
 And then once he became famous, then he started going into politics.
 But hiring the mind sounds like he's also run out of words there.
 You know, he's hiring people who want using words to solve another problem.
 He's a man of action.
 Yeah.
 He sounds amazing.
 Yeah.
 He is awesome.
 He brought the amount of money that was earned for the city way up, didn't he?
 Yeah, taxation.
 He said people could have a voluntary tax.
 That's right.
 Volunted to pay 10% more tax and thousands of people did.
 Yeah. So another thing he did is that he asked people to call his office if they came across a very honest taxi driver.
 Because he wanted to.
 150 people called and he organised to meet them all.
 And he came up with a group name for them, which was the Knights of the Zebra.
 And the idea was that they were just giving good impressions of good taxi drivers who exist on the beaten.
 If you were good, you might then become a Knight of the Zebra.
 Wow. Yeah. That's quite good.
 Which is a seriously cool title, which you definitely would try to be.
 If I was called a Knight of the Zebra, I would be better at my job than I am.
 I was reading a bit about Mimes for this fact.
 Oh, yeah.
 Did you know that Marcel Maso, that pretty much the only mind anyone can ever name?
 He wants released an album.
 Call the best of Marcel Maso.
 No, he didn't.
 No, as well.
 So, well, I'm getting to that, Dan.
 Okay.
 There was once an album release called The Best of Marcel Maso,
 which was 19 minutes of silence in the moment of applause.
 And then the other side was exactly the same.
 That's very good.
 But it was produced as a joke by MGM.
 And his name was slightly misspelled on it, so we think it was name.
 But...
 But, but, but, but, but, but.
 This is true.
 Could not perform because the sound system failed.
 Really?
 Yeah, he was doing a sketch in a show in America in 1980.
 And it was a company by music, but then the music didn't work.
 So he said, this isn't going to work at all.
 So he just bowed and the curtains closed.
 I mean, yeah.
 I just have one more creative thing people are doing to stop traffic violations.
 I see.
 So, in Shenzhen, in China, they have a problem with traffic violations.
 And they've tried all these creative ways of stopping them.
 So, one of the things is that if you're called J-walking,
 then you're punished by being turned into a traffic warden.
 And you have to...
 You have to catch the next J-walker.
 And they make you wear this like...
 That's a brilliant idea.
 It's good, isn't it?
 Great game.
 And you have to wear a green hat, because apparently you're saying you're wearing a green hat in China as offensive.
 So you have to wear the slurrastic green.
 Exactly, because it means cuckolded.
 So it's offensive.
 You weren't so kidding.
 Would this be immediately on the spot?
 It's on the spot, yeah.
 And you just have to take over the job of the current traffic warden.
 If you're in a rush to get to work, too bad.
 You've got to put on your fluorescent green hat.
 Do they get your job?
 But another thing they're doing, as well as that,
 is they are stopping people from leaving their lights on high beam.
 When the police see someone with their lights on high beam,
 they pull the car over and they make the person go out of the car
 and stand facing their own car with their eyes straight into the high beam light.
 What?
 And stare at the bright lights with their car for five minutes.
 And then they send you blind?
 No.
 It's just a bit annoying.
 No.
 I mean, it would, in the short term, you would have lights in front of your eyes
 when you close your eyes.
 Yeah.
 But you wouldn't go blind.
 It would make you an extremely dangerous driver as soon as you set off again in your car.
 That's true.
 It's like, to put it you for drink driving,
 you've got to down this bottom of your skin.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on Ad Shriverland, James.
 Ad Shapes.
 Andy.
 Ad Andrew Hunter M.
 And Jizinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 That's right.
 We can also be reached on our group account, which is @kypodcast.
 And you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com that has all of our previous episodes.
 It has a link to our upcoming tour in October and November.
 It's also got a link to our book that's coming out in November,
 the book of the year.
 So please pre-order that now if you can.
 And also, if you like this episode and you want to discuss this episode,
 you want to bring in your own facts, you've got things to add.
 Every Monday, from now on, we are going to be doing a Facebook live
 in which we deconstruct all the things that I got wrong in each episode,
 as well as adding facts we didn't manage to get in on time.
 New information we found out, as well as answering any of the questions
 you guys might want to ask us about that week's episode.
 So tune in, we're going to be doing it at 5pm on a Monday.
 We'll put a link up on our Facebook page and on our Twitter to confirm the time.
 But why not join us? It's going to be awesome.
 Okay, we'll see you there. Good bye.
 [Music]
