 We run it on QI a few years ago. Yeah. Which was there's no such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 He says it right there, first paragraph. No such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covenant Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here with
 Anna Chazinski and Miller and Andy Murray and once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in a particular order here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy. My fact is that in 18th century France, tooth pullers were entertainers
 who performed in front of cheering crowds. So one of them had the party trick of pulling teeth out
 of a patient with one hand while firing a pistol with the other and all the while he had his head
 in a sack. Why was he shooting? I don't get the gun shooting bit. It's just as a touch of
 flamboyant. Exactly. Yeah. It was entertainment. Yeah. It's got a really painful tooth. Great.
 Well, I've got to show on at 8 p.m. You can make it. There was one guy who did that in the late 1800s
 who was called Edgar Parker. He might be the person you're talking about. Okay.
 He's a Edgar Parker and he changed his name by Deadpool to painless Parker. That's really cool.
 Okay. Yeah. James IV of Scotland was a keen amateur dentist. A keen amateur sounds a bit like he
 wasn't good at being even an amateur. Yeah. It's quite really hard. Yeah. Don't give up, son.
 Don't give up. You will wonder. You could make amateur. Glorious day. Well Peter the Great
 did that as well. He practiced it on his noble dentistry. So if you had a tooth ache and Peter the
 Great was around, you had to keep it to yourself. Otherwise you'd say, come on, get in the chair.
 No one is easier. Yeah. Oh, what was that? You got a sore tooth? No, no, it's headache.
 It's headache. It's headache. It's headache. I have something for that. I'll just get my hammer.
 Just get my brain sore and he kept all the extracted teeth in a little bag. He was very proud of it.
 And it's now in the the Kunstkamera at the museum in St Peter's book. There's a bunch of fairies
 planning a heist at the same level though. Yes. Mark Zuckerberg's dad is a dentist and his website
 advertises or used to advertise. We cater for cowards and he's he's specifically targets people
 who have dentist. That's a really good idea, because they're quite anti-anxious and we don't need it
 but some people get so freaked out by the dentist. His website should say, we pulled teeth out of
 your Facebook. So I read that the Egyptians used to use toothpaste way before toothbrushes were
 invented. Yeah. But it doesn't sound very nice. It was things like ox hooves, ashes, burnt eggshells
 and pumice. Oh yeah, lovely. Sounds penis. That's what you're saying. A punist. Worst chasturbine ever.
 Oh excuse for infidelity. I lost my toothbrush darling. The bummer happened to be here.
 So the Egyptians used to use the gross toothpaste 5,000 years before the toothbrushes were invented.
 The toothbrush was maybe the bristles from a pig's neck. Bristles from a pig's neck?
 Damn, like better than the penis is the age of the dentist. That's true, it's definitely an improvement.
 In 2013, a man escaped from prison in Sweden to go to the dentist. He went to the dentist,
 he had the affected tooth pulled out and then he reported himself to the police and they took him
 back to prison. He got a day added to his sentence as punishment. That's fantastic. Yeah.
 Did he book? You've got one phone call. You should have known really where he was going.
 Yeah, on the 27th. Next one. Yeah, that's fine. 3 p.m. Okay, cool. I might be a bit sweaty
 in the shovel one hour. I just want you to know that. What I'm here, do you have large sums of cash
 on the premises? Just because your fact was about, obviously, funny sort of entertainment in
 centuries past and freak shows. There was a guy, Joseph Pujon or Pujon, who in the 19th century
 made his living by farting and his living was, yeah, yeah, what standard was he? Was he what? Yes,
 he was a putter main. There's a whole film about him. He was incredible. Yes, there is. The matter
 of a good fact. Yeah, he could suck air in through his bottom and then do tunes? He retired from
 his farting career to become a baker after the first. Oh no, I wouldn't need his pie. I do want
 to have success when he was in that. So he went from breaking winter, breaking bread. Oh, just a joke
 for you. He claimed that the farts also did not smell. He memorably said, my parents ruined themselves
 sending my rectum. Who is this man? Who's that mean? He was a French cabaret entertainer.
 Well, cabaret's really improved. His parents have spent an enormous amount of money making sure
 that his farts did not smell bad. Like a cent like a centred candle. Can you use yourself as an air
 freshener, do you think? High and self-help to people who are bad. Every 15 minutes who just releases
 another waft of lavender into the room. Okay, time for fact number two. And that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that in the First World War, the Romanian army issued an order that only
 officers above the rank of major had the right to wear eyeshadow in battle. There are so many
 elements in that. The rank of major, then wearing eyeshadow and then in battle, simply outside battle,
 all bets were off. Yeah, outside battle, you can do what you want. You're worth socks on your nose.
 That's the army, isn't it? Outside battle. We don't care what you do. Have a good time.
 No, but I still are right. I think Neil Vonage is okay. But again, in the US Army New Regulations,
 there's recently been a ban on men wearing nail polish. Who's doing that? In China and Japan, a few
 thousand years ago, everyone painted the nails. I just think you did. Maybe there's a, that's a
 niche little kind of tribute group to ancient China that exists in the US Army that I mean to crack
 down on. The Romans is to painting the nails with blood. It'd go weird brown almost immediately,
 wouldn't it? Yeah. We'd like you to reapply our fresh supply. Yeah. That was the only reason
 they were saying murderers actually. Because they can tell who was murdering because everyone
 blood on their hands. In those days, you've got blood on your hands, wasn't a bad thing. It was just
 a statement of fact about everyone looking at you blood on your hands. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah,
 superdrug, two, three, four. Smudge a little bit. Actually, it's also on your knife.
 But that's where we get cosmetics from, is Roman Times. They had Cosmety, who were slaves,
 whose job was to apply makeup and perfume to their mistress and help out with the toilet.
 So that's where we get the web from. Cosmety. Look, cool. Do you know where we've got the word
 makeup from? We've seen all the adverts from Max Factor, the makeup of makeup artists.
 Yeah. Isn't that a guy called Max Factor? Yes. So his name was Max Emilian in fact Doritz,
 he's from Poland, and he coined makeup as a noun from to make up your face as a verb,
 and he was the first one turning into a noun. He was the first person. Max Factor. And that is why
 it's extremely hard to research makeup if you're looking for what people were wearing in the
 olden times as a brand new bloody word, and there's no real, all the equivalent for it. Except for
 on your hands. Turns out some of history's biggest murderers were actually just height of fashion.
 Ancient Romans, who were bold, would disguise it by painting their heads.
 Weirdly, when it rains, it sort of seems to be gross. It's like the cranes, yeah.
 My favorite fact that I've read about the whole thing of like just what you're allowed to wear
 and wore and so on is that hygiene and clothing was quite a big thing. I always wanted the soldiers
 to have clean clothes. So apparently, any time you saw a battlefield, there would always be huge
 clothing lines just behind where they were stationed of people drying their clothes for them and
 getting them clean. Yeah, so anywhere that an army moved behind them was almost a laundry pack.
 What's that? Yeah, that came along. Yeah. Where were you in the war? Were you on the front line?
 No, I was really on the washing line. Speaking of effeminate, did you see those pictures of North
 Korean soldiers, female soldiers who were stilettos when they're on parade? Yeah, I was trying to look
 taller, like cats, and they can also have a look big. Maybe. Well, that's why we have the
 best guns, isn't it? We don't even talk. It's a fool, it's a fool, incredibly stupid enemies of
 the crowd. I think that they get a bear as a couple. God, British have really long heads.
 They've got massive skulls. So I find the bear skin is quite weird that they still exist. Do you
 know how many bears it takes to make one of those hats? Or how many hats per bear? You can probably get
 10 hats from a bear. You think 10 hats from a bear? It's one hat. It's quite big. I will bear. Does that
 hat include the head of the bear? Or is it just the skin? Yeah, that's what they've got underneath
 the hat. Is this roaring head? That's the last line of defense. Yeah, is the bear. Take off the hat.
 You unleash the bear at the right moment. So one bear, one hat per bear. Yep, and so every year we
 need a hundred new ones, and so a hundred bears were killing a year in order to... That's terrible.
 You just needed the guy. Just cut a tiny square out of this bear skin. Throw the rest away.
 Be sure we can make 9 or 10 more hats out of this single bear skin. No, no, no, no, we want only the
 finest of back hair from the bear. Do you know what one bear one hat? It's small of the back. That's it.
 Do you remember because I went, I went bear trekking in Greece a few months ago. Yeah. Did you see any bears?
 Of course not. They're all in Buckingham Palace. That's what you want to go. Just go and watch the
 changing the gods. Just go on bear trekking there, yeah. We saw lots of tracks where we didn't see any of the
 wild. I wanted a really cool makeup fact. Did you know that Dave Myers from the Hairy Bikers started
 his career as a makeup artist? Did he? Yeah, especially as in prosthetics. He watched the BBC. That's
 where we met Sly King, the other Hairy Biker. He was a locations manager and first AD on films,
 including Harry Potter, and they met on the induction of a Catherine Cooks and Drama. Can you guess what
 Samuel Peep's bought his wife to improve her looks? Was it his cheese? No. Was your guess? It's not
 nice. I tell you that much. Oh, a snake. No. It was puppy urine. Why did you get her a puppy?
 You got plenty of urine, that's true. That's true. Upon up with some little discontent with my wife
 upon her saying that she had got and used some puppy dog water being put upon it by great desire
 of my aunt White who had the mind to get some for her ugly face. Oh, it's a charm, right? It's
 around the recipe darling, look what I've got here. So ugly, puppy urine will improve your face right now.
 I'm not going near you until you've covered yourself in dog weed. It's quite possibly the worst
 on the recipe. So looking into military dress, drab is a colour. So drab comes from in the 19th
 century when the British I mean on the stop in colourful and we started worrying camouflage,
 we started worrying about dull brown colour. It was drab and everyone dressed up in drab.
 That is fantastic. I can legitimately say to my girlfriend, you're looking very drab to the
 idea and she can't be offended by that. Would you say to her, you're looking very red tonight or very
 blue tonight? I can see your outfit. Sorry, that's what I mean. Okay, darling.
 Okay, time to move on to fact number three and that is Anne. My fact is that the most borrowed
 children's author from British libraries doesn't exist. How does she not exist? It's not a real person.
 Okay. What? What's her name? Daisy Meadows. But she's syndicate. Sort of. She's a front for this group.
 So it's a series of books called Rainbow Magic. They're crazy popular. They're over 150 of them.
 They saw there were 20 million copies and it's a company called Working Partners who created
 the book. They make it by committee. Nobody owns any of the ideas any of the characters. They have
 a bunch of writers who write the books. They're basically loads of them, basically a mini series. You get
 the pets series of the school fairies. There was one I read about called the pop star fairies
 and they all have names. The kids are recognized as Jesse, president Jesse Jay, Adele, the singing
 fairy, Miley the Silas fairy. But there is seven in the series and four of them are, do you guys
 know this balance? So if you think of a band that have a Vanessa, a Frankie, a Rochelle and a Una.
 There's Saturdays. Right, there are five people in the Saturdays. Molly's the other one. Molly's
 the other one. So she's not in the pop star fairies. Let's just take a moment and shall we? Yep.
 And see what just happened there. I just know there's a Molly in the Saturdays. There's a Molly
 in that phrase. Don't you Molly from the Saturdays. Yes. But it's very pop culture. Do they,
 are they directly doing that? Yeah. So the characters look very similar. I don't know what they look
 like because I haven't actually read the full series myself. But I did notice they. Do you research
 them? I'm really sorry. They didn't read all 200 books. But so they have things like they brought
 Elizabeth the Jubilee fairy. Okay. They have paints the royal wedding fairy. More cynically,
 they brought out Alexandra the royal baby fairy in May 2013. Prince George was born in July 2013.
 And I'm pretty sure Alexander was the running favorite if it had been a girl. So it's like an
 alternative timeline now. Maybe fairies have different pregnancy gestation periods. Yeah,
 maybe they only go for six months. I think it's ever been documented. So these have become
 quite popular collaborative writing. It's it's a thing now. There's another one called Erin Hunter.
 And the reason she's called Erin Hunter is because so that so the series is pitched at the same
 kind of people who like the Brian Jack Redwell series. And the reason she's called that is because
 Hunter would be close to Jack in libraries so that people who were browsing Redwell. But this happens
 again. I think Lee Child who does very well and with his books he pictures it's a pen name and he
 picked it because child is between Christy and Chandler. So he thought people would be browsing
 that section and they would be like, Hey, who's this new guy? Okay, right. There's a new app called
 InkVite. Have you guys heard of this? No. Yeah, my friends don't do apps but it's where you can do
 collaborative fiction yourself. So it's kind of like a more pretentious game of consequences, I think,
 where you can invite up to four people and you're allowed to write I think 280 words of your novel
 and then you pass it on to the next person and they write them in the past. I think you're even more
 fun rather than more pretentious. Yeah, no, it does aren't actually quite fun. I said collaborative books
 that I really like. I've been obsessed with them since I've arrived in this country. I haven't read
 them yet. Was it too very high? No, but sweet valley high. It also obviously fits into this category.
 So no, this is not one single author but Mills and Boone. You love Mills and Vic? I love the concept
 of them. I just love the turn around. No, I really, I'd love to write one one day. I'd love to write a
 science fiction one and I know that they don't have or I thought they didn't have their own science
 fiction arm. They do. They do. There's a science fiction paranormal arm. There's amazing titles.
 They do this thing, by the way, where they, if someone in a paranormal one visits a dinosaur and
 has an erotic moment with a dinosaur, they don't consider it bestiality because all the animals
 and crypto animals in it are intelligent. They're just like us. They're consenting. Yeah, so taken
 by T-Rex. Hang on, it's still like, oh. Hang on, I remember seeing these book covers. They did
 around the world got like dinosaur erotica. Was that Mills and Boone? That was, that was Danny
 mailing them. That's my novel. I've got a birthday coming up. Hint hint. I've got taken by T-Rex.
 The rest are two rude Frankenstein's bitch. That's not rude, that's lazy. That's lazy, lazy writing.
 Milked by aliens. That's not even a sexy thing. That's just farming. This one's the oddest.
 Come for big foot. But here's the thing. So Mills and Boone, why I'm fascinated by it is that
 no same book stays on the shelf for longer than three months. They pulp it straight after. Wow.
 So they have a huge turnaround and in 2008 they were saying every 6.6 seconds someone bought
 a Mills and Boone book. The same guy. It was dad. He was standing at the till with a bigger and bigger
 pile next to him. No, I've got to have another one. I've picked this one already. You can read them
 very quickly to be fair. They are quite for three quarters of all romance novels that are bought
 into this country. I like how we're calling these romance taken by a T-Rex. I've headed back to
 the romance anyway. Did you hear that brilliant thing about what they do with pulp mousen bins?
 Yeah, that's a key why question. The M6 of the M8 tool road is made up for pulp mousen bins.
 So when you drive down, you're driving over all those. Fantastic. They use the foundations in the
 foundations to stabilise it. That's why it's always a bit of a turn on when you're driving,
 driving down the M6. Probably only for down. Yeah, turn them and turn on.
 So I was looking at libraries and the Tarzan books were banned from some libraries in America in
 the 1950s because Tarzan and Jane were living in sin. Wow. Yeah. What's the great fact you told me
 about Tarzan, Hannah? It's that, oh yeah, the guy who wrote Tarzan is the great grandfather of
 Wes Anderson. Oh yeah, true. A good rice furrow. Yes. So I was just looking at other, or I stumbled
 upon other stuff that's been banned for amusing reasons. And do you guys remember a couple of years
 ago when dictionaries were removed from classrooms in California? No. No. A parent complained that
 a child stumbled across in the Mary Webster dictionary the phrase oral sex. So the district spokes
 women Betty Cadmus told a newspaper that the books were immediately pulled off the shelves and
 temporarily housed off location to make sure that children didn't get their hands on it. And I really
 like it. It wasn't me that spotted this stunning irony. It was a blogger who's Dennis Barron,
 who's a professor of linguistics, pointed out that her name was Betty Cadmus, who was issuing the
 statements. Cadmus was the Phoenician who brought writing to the ancient Greeks. Wow. And she's
 good away. In it away. Right. It's nice, isn't it? So good. In the 1960s, in public libraries,
 you used to have things which were called block books, which were wooden blocks on the shelves.
 And that was in place of any books that librarians thought were riskate or obscene or, you know,
 like top shelf. Well, what you had to do basically, you had to take the block to the counter,
 and then they would get the book out from under the desk and give it to you. Was it to shame people,
 because you feel really dodgy when someone had to go beneath the counter to get something to do?
 Driving at the front desk was just an armful of wooden blocks. I'd like all these, please.
 Granny behind you giving you a really disapproving state. It's Tarzan, come on. Do you guys know what the
 most banned book in 2013 was? I think this was in America. What's the time trying to ban the killer
 walking bird again? I don't know. That was banned though. Was it atheism for sexy people?
 Was it Billy Goat? This is just another excuse to slip in a fact, but Billy Goat's
 gruff was banned in Oregon because it was deemed too violent for children to be in a children's
 library. Oh, but I'd take it. It wasn't that. It was Captain Underpants by Dan Pilke.
 That's an outrage. It's one of the great works of literature of the 20th century. Fantastic
 kids books. I've never heard of them. They're very popular. There were about a headmaster who gets
 hypnotized into thinking that he's Captain Underpants and any time a certain key word goes off,
 he suddenly becomes Captain Underpants and runs around with a cape and his underpants and does
 adventures and it's all in his head. I really thought you were going to say any time a certain
 key word goes on, he whips his underpants off. He's saying he's a head teacher. I just sort of see
 why he's books with bands. If he's Captain Underpants, does he wear his trousers over his underpants,
 like the opposite of Superman, who famously wears his underpants over his trousers? But Superman's
 not called Captain trousers. That's where my clever analogy breaks down, unfortunately.
 Also, another band book. I was very surprised by this. Where's Wally? Got banned for quite a long time.
 Why is it so frustrating? Because it's too hard. It's called Where's Waldo, but someone noticed,
 so in the Americas, where's Waldo, someone noticed that in one of the drawings that on a beach,
 there was a topless lady laying on the beach. A drool and a topless woman. Yeah, and you could,
 I mean, she was laying on her stomach, lifting up, so it was kind of more side boob. Well, it's obscene,
 and I've discussed it. Well, I reckon the person that found her was probably a genius at finding
 Wally. You can find boob on the page. Yeah, well, I'm sure he's fantastic at finding oral sex and
 addiction, or as well. Some people are just desperate to be offended. I really like this. In the
 second world war, some authorities, some local authorities established, they put collections of
 books in air raid shelters, so there was a tube station at Bethel Green, and it had 4,000 books in it,
 and 6,000 people would turn up every night in the shelters, and they'd have a library available to them.
 And they were really, really sort of intellectual books, as well, like Bertram Russell, and Chopin Howe,
 and all kinds of... Oh, I see that the people with low brown taste don't deserve to be entertained
 in air raids. No, I'm just saying it's, you know, a very impressive thinking of people sheltering
 from air raids, and also reading some of the great works. But, you know, I'd be so pissed off,
 you're terrified, you just need something easy to distract you, and all you've got is great works
 of philosophy. Exactly. I would have preferred books with the titles like How to Survive an Air
 Raid, and How to Survive Being Trapped in a Small Tunnel with a group of other very, very scared
 humans. Some very escapist, though, as it's more sort of in the brutal realism tradition.
 Okay, well, when we're fighting over the last rat in the tunnel and you're quoting deep philosophy
 to me. And Dan's munching away on his rodent, who's having the better time? Because I read 101
 ways to cook a rodent. The first of a mobile library was Horse Drawn. That's really nice.
 It's so cool. And they still have in bits of, I think North Africa, they have a camel mobile library.
 They travel around from town to town, and they have school books, and they do have all kinds of
 educational things. I just think that's incredible. Wow. And then when they stay for a few days,
 and then they go off across the desert again. Seeking out the next air raid shelter. That would have
 been cool. If you've gone to an air raid shelter, and they were just loads of camels, they're waiting for you.
 Dan would be trying to eat them. Yeah, they can. There are some places where it might be in the UK where
 you can get books in the National Health Service if you're depressed. Oh, I thought you meant books
 about the national health. So you actually mean you can get them prescribed. Yeah, but you can get
 books by books. Well, I can't like birch and rustle. I'm not sure what kind of life I'm not going to lie.
 Wound quarter rising for dummies. Okay, time for the final fact of this show. And that's my fact.
 My fact this week is that it would cost $850 quadrillion to build the Death Star.
 And you're probably wondering how I. Yes, I know this. I discovered this fact. There's a website
 that you can go on online called We the People, which is set up by the White House, specifically for
 people who want to ask a question to Barack Obama. And the idea is that you put it up as a petition and
 if enough people sign it, the White House has to officially reply. And one of the questions was a
 response to secure resources and funding and begin construction of a Death Star by 2016.
 And the response, who is a fantastic response, they said, we can't do this. We agree that we share
 your desire for job creation, a strong national defense, but it's just not on the horizon. One being
 that it would cost $850 quadrillion to the administration does not support blowing up planets.
 Which is really what the White House administration character, how much have we cost them to build?
 Actually, no, it was someone else said they said it. They provided a link.
 You just find out. I was under 100. We can. Yeah, it's kind of a point. Is this feasible?
 Yeah, it's not. And also, it would take years and years to gather all the material that you would need.
 I think it said it would take 8333,315 years to make.
 Well, I'll be dead by then, by getting off steel.
 To get enough steel to actually make it.
 On petitions, you know this recent innovation in the British government, which is that the government
 has an e-petitions website and anything that gets 100,000 signatures is passed to a business committee
 in the House of Commons for possible debate. This has generated quite a lot of amazing petitions
 like ban, bowl, football players from Liverpool Football Club. Royal Baby to be given Lion King
 welcome. Isn't that good? Yeah. What is that held up on the end of a cliff? Yeah, by Rafiki.
 Do you know what's really cool is this Weaver People site? It's actually in terms of research,
 really fantastic place to find stuff out. So one of the petitions was asking the White House if they
 could release the recipe for the honey ale home brewed at the White House. I'll just quickly,
 just very quickly tell you about it, which is so President Obama bought a home brewing kit for
 his kitchen in the White House. And then they had the chefs and they had all the people who worked
 there, who do brew their own beer, come and sort of create this ultimate kind of recipe that
 they could then use. And now they stick to this one recipe and it's the White House's official
 honey ale brewing beer that they all drink there. It's the first as well. I've learned from this
 article. It's the first evidence that there's been beer brewed in the White House. So they have in
 the past have known that George Washington used to do whiskey, but that wasn't in the White House.
 That Jefferson used to make wine, but again that was, maybe that wasn't the White House, but this
 definitely the first beer in the White House. So President Obama has given the White House a beer.
 I at least he brought them something here. I don't mean that I quite like him. And lastly,
 what's really nice is the ingredients for the beer is all unique, but honey particularly because
 they use honey that they tap from the first ever beehive that the White House has had, which is on
 the South Lawn. Oh honey, their own beer. So it's their own beehive to create the honey for their own
 home brewed honey ale. A bunch of kind of rural hippies really aren't they? Yeah and if it takes off,
 they might leave this whole government nonsense. They might just go into beer brewing. That is what
 the Republicans want them to do. Yeah, we want smaller government and we want more home brewed honey ale.
 Obama, don't get as wrong, we like your beer. Do you end up in my favourite Star Wars fact?
 Go on. Oh yeah. It's that in sync, the band, just in Timberlake's band, made a cameo in Star Wars
 episode two Attack of the Clones, but they were cut out at the final version. Yeah, thank God.
 Another thing I love about Star Wars is Dave Pros, who was Star Fader's body. Dave Pros,
 also the Green Cross cult man. He gave him an interview a few days ago where he said that that was his
 best role of his life, was not being Vader, being the goodie and saving lives. He just ruined Darth Vader
 for a lot of captivated and terrified children now. I'm worried for him to say. Now I think he's a
 little goodie too. She's car safety. Darth Vader never crossed the road between two cars. You'll
 notice that in all the films. No matter what he might do. He did cross road safe. Never does it once.
 David Prouse has the best title of an autobiography. For me, I think it's called Straight from the
 Forces mouth. That is very good. Kind of. He doesn't talk in Star Wars. Well, he's not known for his
 thought. He's going to have the voice of Darth Vader. He did think he was going to have it. He was convinced
 that he was going to have it and then they revealed that actually we don't really want a West Country
 accent for this mask. Just scary, but there is a video kicking back of him doing the voice. I've
 seen it. It's brilliant. I actually came up with what I thought was a better title for his book,
 which is the Empire Strikes Hardback. That is very good. They have changed it for people back.
 Star Trek invented the touchscreen. Did it? Did it. Star Trek had Captain Kirk
 used to ride with his little touchscreen pen thing on a touchscreen. I mean, it's not like on set.
 They had this new touchscreen. They invented. Guys, should we patent this now or should we continue
 with the series? That is true. It is substantially harder to invent an iPad than it is to say,
 I've got a magic device that lets me do it. It's all to anyone. Like J.K. Rowling invented the
 invisibility cloak. I think we should invent something right now. Invisibility cloak does exist now,
 doesn't it? It does. It's like reflective stuff as well. Yeah, you can see it, see on the issue.
 I thought you couldn't. It doesn't. You can put it over your handle, your head they've tried it,
 and it doesn't tamper with anything around it. You can't. You can see the background behind it.
 Anyway, that's been invented. A hoverboard's been invented, which is apparently a thing for
 going back to the future, which is another thing. I saw a footage of it the other day. It looks amazing.
 It does look fun. It does look really cool. I mean, it looks very beta. It looks very
 early stages, but it is working. That's fantastic. There's a great blog about Star Trek inventions.
 Years ago it came out, so I'm sure most people, if they know Star Trek, know this, but someone did
 a list of all the things that Star Trek didn't invent. Including cup holders on the ship,
 always out of the cup in the head. Seat belts. They think a seat belt, they're always flying around
 the Star Trek when they're attacked. On Star Trek, inventing touch screens. The first touch screen
 in real life was invented in 1888, and it was invented by this person called Alicia Gray,
 and it was like a kind of fax machine, so it used this electric pen to transmit an electric signal
 across wires, and it meant you could draw a picture, and then someone at the other end, in 1888,
 could see the picture that you drawn, and this was used for things that needed signatures.
 So it was used quite commonly in hospitals and banks and stuff. You'd be like, oh, you need me to
 sign that. I'm sorry, I'm not here, but I'll just sign that over the phone. That's amazing.
 That is amazing. We still can't do that. Well, we don't anymore. Do we lose it? So we've lost
 technology. I mean, I don't know, I've never been able to sign over the telephone. Me neither.
 But you can't key in your pencil. We can't do that in 1800. It's faxing, isn't it? No, no, no,
 it's like life faxing. It's like draw something. I don't believe that. Me either. That's so excited
 there. It's a real thing. I suppose it sends an electric signal of a device moving over paper,
 doesn't it? Yeah, but we just, we don't have that. Are we? Using a, like, sure, I've got it somewhere,
 Google Docs. Check your draw. Alex has probably gone in the station recovered. He's been telling us
 to use it for years. Can I tell you my favorite Star Trek fact? This will be my last Star Trek fact.
 It's that Spock was originally going to be Martian. He was going to be from Mars. Wow. Yeah,
 but he didn't end up being Martian because the other writers kind of laughed the idea out of the
 room because they said by the time the series was nearing the end of its first series or a few series,
 we would be on Mars. No. No one would be. It would just not be believable. That's so funny. Yeah. That's
 great. So they made him from. I like it a bit. They thought wouldn't be believable with the
 holostar Trek. Yeah. Something about space that I learned recently. I'm reading Commander Chris
 Hadfield's book at the moment. I former captain of the International Space Station. He, when he was
 out on his first ever spacewalk and he was trying to fix something on the International Space Station,
 had a huge pain in his eye, which forced tears out of his eye, and he was saying that it ended up
 sending him blind because tears don't function like normal tears in space. They don't fall. They
 instead build up as a huge blob over your eye. So he was suddenly blind completely in one of his eyes
 because this huge body of water was sitting in front of it. And it got so big that it eventually
 passed over the bridge of his nose to his other eye. So suddenly he's out in space and he's trying
 to fix the International Space Station. And he completely blind. Literally blinded by his tears.
 But he has made a double bubble, right? Which is something you're always trying to do when you're
 playing bubbles. This is very inconvenient. Bad news, NASA, and some good news. The news were
 eight-year-old me. But apparently what would happen is naturally the tears would get so big that
 it couldn't hold it anymore. And it would flood space. It would flood all of space with
 people on this. But you'd still have to be seeing through a kind of, as if you were looking through
 goggles, I guess. So I was looking at other things that people have valued fictional things. They valued
 Mr. Burns's manner, which is worth $127 million. And that has to include things like a bottomless
 pit which he has. So let's see how many references a Simpsons fan listening can get. Bottomless
 pit are room containing a thousand monkeys banging on a thousand typewriters and a robotic Richard Simmons.
 Wayne Manon would be 105 million. But also, is that good? Yeah, it knows. It's affordable.
 With our affections. But they made a real Simpsons house in 1997. They ran a competition
 for someone to win the Simpsons house. And the winner had a choice of either taking him $75,000
 or, beginning to live in the Simpsons house, which have been totally re-created to look exactly
 like it inside and out. But if they chose the house option, they would contractually
 obliged as soon as they took their prize to repaint it so like a normal house again. So the person who
 wanted took the 75 grand. I thought you were going to say the contract was every day when they got
 home. They had to re-create the intro title sequence, which would eventually get very annoying.
 They have to paint themselves yellow. They have to paint themselves yellow. They should be
 killed during a couple of their fingers as well. Yes. Yeah. Do they do that? Oh yeah, of course, sorry.
 Famous opening sequence of the Simpsons. Well, they all cut off their own fingers. Yeah.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thanks so much for listening. If you want to get in contact
 with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of this episode, you can get us all
 on Twitter at either @QIPodcast or on our individual Twitter accounts. I'm on "Triberland"
 Andy at Andrew Hunter M and at Miller_M and Josinski. You can email podcast@QI.com and you can also
 head to nosuchthingasaffish.com for all of our previous episodes and we will be back again next week
 with another episode. We'll see you then. Goodbye.
 [Music]
