 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you live from Manchester!
 (crowd cheering)
 (crowd cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here
 with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again,
 we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that theories
 for the origin of life on earth include,
 primordial soup, primordial sandwich,
 primordial soup and sandwich,
 primordial pizza, and primordial mayonnaise.
 (crowd cheering)
 - Is there a primordial salad option, please?
 (crowd laughing)
 - For a primordial vegan, yeah.
 Now, so this is, I was reading about the origin of life,
 and I think a few people might know about primordial soup,
 that is the idea where you might get a puddle or something
 and there's loads of molecules in there,
 and somehow they self-arrange,
 and then those self-arranged molecules
 manage to replicate and they make life.
 Now, there's a lot of problems with primordial soup,
 so people have come up with other theories,
 so how do these molecules get in the right place?
 Primordial sandwiches, you've got two rocks,
 and they kind of squish the molecules together.
 Primordial soup and sandwich,
 you've got the soup and you've got the rocks,
 and that's all kind of all together.
 Primordial pizza, you just have a rock
 and the molecules are on top.
 - Okay, nice.
 - Primordial mayonnaise is like a load of fat bubbles
 and they're kind of the molecules grow in the fat bubbles.
 - Right.
 - And for all light, no, none of them is true.
 - Yeah, because we all know God made us, so thank you.
 - You're welcome.
 - Is this one person just kind of just tossing all this shit out?
 - Yes, it's me.
 Lots of scientists have talked about all these different things,
 but I'm the one who's kind of put them together
 in a jovial little sentence.
 - A menu, a nice menu.
 - Have they called them those things?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, they're real names.
 - Right, okay.
 - Yeah, yeah, they're real names.
 - I didn't think you had the imagination
 to come up with primordial pizza.
 - Okay.
 - Is there one that's most likely, you know,
 what are we getting?
 - I think at the moment, yeah,
 kind of the soup and sandwich is quite liked by people,
 and--
 - So it's not soup and sandwich per se,
 it's a soup sandwich.
 - It is a bit, isn't it?
 - That doesn't sound quite as appetizing as soup sandwich.
 - No, very sorry.
 - So it sounds like it's a sandwich floating on some soup.
 - Primordial crouton, if you will.
 - Yes, very nice.
 - I thought it was a soup in between two bits of bread.
 - That's what it is, unfortunately.
 - Oh, what? - A soup sandwich.
 - Oh, that is, that's fucking out there for a theory.
 - So the idea of primordial soup,
 which was the first one of these theories,
 it was thought of, first of all,
 by two people actually independently,
 a British guy called JBS Haldane,
 and the Russian scientist called Alexander Operin.
 And the interesting thing about him,
 he came up with primordial soup,
 but then later in life, he edited a book
 that contains at least 113 different recipes
 for actual soup.
 (laughing)
 - It makes you suspicious about the primordial soup theory,
 'cause it sounds like he's just really into soup.
 - Yeah, he's just pushing his next career.
 It's such a weird switcheroo
 to go from proper organic chemistry stuff
 to editing a cookbook.
 - Yes, it would be weird,
 apart from it was in the Soviet Union,
 and all sorts of weird stuff was happening.
 Basically, they had this kind of propaganda cookbook
 that they would give to all,
 well, all married couples would get one, basically.
 You know, it was the right kind of Soviet food
 that you should be eating.
 And at the time, they'd just done Sputnik,
 and they were kind of pushing themselves
 as scientists in the Soviet Union,
 as best scientists in the world,
 and they thought, well, our cookbook
 should also be really scientific,
 so we're gonna get our best scientist
 who's this guy operating,
 and we're gonna say you're gonna edit it.
 - That makes sense. - That's interesting, yeah.
 - That's like that Michelin bloke who makes foam shit.
 He's been just, yeah, exactly, Blumenthal.
 - Hester Blumenthal, yeah.
 - Is it like him?
 - Yeah, he basically does chemistry, doesn't he?
 - It's like him.
 - It's like him.
 - Professor Stephen Hawkins did a cookbook.
 - Right. - Okay.
 - I thought you meant the actual Michelin man
 when you said that, and really threw me for a second.
 - Yeah, a lot of marshmallow-based stuff.
 That cookbook, by the way,
 it was called The Book of Tasty and Healthy Food,
 that was its name, and it was published in 1939,
 and as you said, changed.
 It's all kind of like 400 different recipes,
 all good Soviet fare,
 but unfortunately, 'cause it was the Soviet Union,
 the book kept on being perched,
 and so there were all these
 like strongly radical changes in direction,
 so it used to be a very internationalist book,
 and then that went out of fashion,
 and so they just cut all the international stuff.
 - It's borscht, every page borscht.
 - It was kind of, yeah.
 - Yeah, and then there were lots of quotes
 from Stalin all the way through the book,
 and then Stalin died in 1953.
 Cut, all Stalin quotes gone through the book, really.
 - Yeah, I must say, I know that there's at least
 113 different recipes for soup,
 because I read through the book,
 and just searched for the word soup, or borscht,
 or we all know whatever, and that's as many as I found.
 There might be more for all I know, but yeah.
 - Wow.
 - And yeah, this was a really important book,
 like you say, it was the book of tasty and healthy food,
 but sometimes just known as Kniga, just the book.
 That's how famous it was, this book,
 it just called the book,
 and everyone knew what you were talking about.
 - Oh, that's awesome.
 - Oh, wow.
 - Hey, does that old thing,
 it's a sort of a thing that Einstein said,
 which was, he said that his second best idea
 that he ever had was to boil his eggs in soup,
 because then you're saving up on some washing up,
 you're using one less thing.
 - And you know, that's a thing that I think--
 - Is that good though?
 It feels like you get like an egg's come out
 of a chicken's bum, right?
 - Yeah.
 - Well, not technically, actually, interestingly.
 - Okay.
 - But close.
 I'll tell you later.
 - It's come out of the same place
 as the feces come, right?
 - That's a good point.
 - And so do you really want that in your soup?
 - That's a very good point.
 - When you boil stuff, it gets rid of all the stuff in it.
 - Yeah, but you're not gonna do a shit in your hinds,
 are you?
 (audience laughing)
 - Good, that could take off as a saying though.
 - He's really shot the hinds today.
 (audience laughing)
 - Actually, there is a thing called yellow soup,
 which is basically-- - Yes, yellow soup.
 - Poin soup, which was a delicacy in China,
 back a long time ago.
 So I think it was in the fourth century,
 there was a Chinese recipe for yellow soup,
 very popular, it was put forward by a doctor,
 and he said, this guy called Guihong,
 gave this recipe for broth that involved drying
 and fermenting a healthy person's poo,
 and stirring it into a broth,
 and then you give it to a sick person,
 and it makes them better.
 And of course, the good thing about that is--
 - Oh, that could work.
 - It bloody works.
 - Yeah, really.
 - We've discovered now with fecal transplants these days.
 - I mean, sorry.
 Could we just row back on the whole "it works" thing?
 (audience laughing)
 This doesn't sound like that would have worked.
 - It probably didn't work.
 He had the right idea though,
 I think he was on the right track.
 Yeah, yellow soup, worth a try, I would say.
 - There are enough.
 - Don't boil it too much,
 otherwise you might lose the microorganisms
 for the transplant.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, you should have called it brown Windsor.
 (audience laughing)
 But that was already a soup.
 - Is it?
 - 1,500 years later.
 (audience laughing)
 Brown soup was a really weird soup.
 It was this sort of mythical soup.
 It wasn't mythical, it was real,
 but it wasn't in many places.
 It was just sort of a horrible, cheap soup
 that was in lots of restaurants
 around the turn of the 20th century.
 And it kind of had a posh name,
 so it sounded classy,
 but it was basically leftover meat,
 and the ingredients were--
 - Sorry, was it called brown soup?
 - Brown Windsor.
 - Brown Windsor, sorry, posh name.
 'Cause brown is not a posh thing,
 but once you put it next to Windsor.
 - Isn't that gruel?
 That sounds like gruel.
 It's not gruel, it's definitely soup.
 - Hmm.
 - Yeah.
 - What do you think it sounds like?
 - What a spectrum we're on now
 between gruel, soup, broths, stew, you know.
 Well, I had gruel.
 Have you had gruel?
 - It's just like porridge, isn't it?
 Just like porridge.
 - That's why I thought it was.
 - What do you mean by having gruel?
 - What are you talking about?
 It's not what I think.
 - Oh, you were living with Mr. Bumble.
 (audience laughing)
 Oh, God, that sounded so rough.
 - I can't believe how badly you bullied Oliver.
 That was harsh.
 - Yeah.
 Did you ever get that second helping that you wanted?
 (audience laughing)
 - I had gruel, and I'm not sure that many people have gruel.
 - When did you have it, and what was it?
 - Oh, I went to this party where the table,
 you had to play a game,
 and on one side of the table was really good food,
 and on the other side was gruel.
 And so it was like the worst kind of food.
 And if you lost the game, you moved down a seat,
 and you went all the way down.
 And I had a partner who desperately wanted to go
 to the good food, as everyone else did.
 But I'd never had gruel before, so I was like,
 surely we gotta head that way,
 and I kept making us go that way,
 and she threw an entire glass of red wine
 all over my shirt.
 - Whoa.
 - Yeah, you know, like in the movies.
 - That's an overreaction.
 - Did you get to eat, taste it, though?
 - I did, and you enjoyed it.
 It was horrific.
 It was the worst thing I've ever tasted.
 It sounds like Brown Windsor.
 - I thought you were gonna say
 that you kissed a gruel and you liked it.
 (audience laughing)
 The room's been divided.
 (audience laughing)
 I'm just soup, or could, maybe, cure malaria.
 Which is a big deal, 'cause it's a big old killer.
 And this was discovered by some school children.
 So, and this was in a study that was authored
 by school children.
 It's the only study I've ever found authored
 by school children.
 And it was a really short time ago.
 There's a parent at a local school in London
 called Jake Baum, and he also happened to be
 a professor of cell biology.
 And he decided it would be fun
 to suggest a class project where all the kids
 brought in a vial of the soup that their mom made them
 or their dad made them whenever they were sick,
 whenever they were ill.
 And then he'd suggested that in their science class,
 the science teacher must have hated this parent,
 he suggested they spin out all the soups
 in the centrifuge, which I guess the school
 then had to invest in,
 and then test them on a malaria parasite.
 And see, because soup, traditionally chicken soup,
 is supposed to make you feel better,
 there must be something in it, it's this old wives thing.
 And they did indeed find that five of the soups
 reduced the growth or the sexual development
 of the parasites by over 50%,
 which is exactly the same as malaria drugs.
 - Wow. - Isn't that incredible?
 - So what, do we have to inject ourselves with this soup?
 - We would, but the problem is,
 so this was published in the Archives of Disease and Childhood
 in 2019, but none of the parents had written down
 the ingredients of any of the soups they sent in.
 - Oh no.
 - So we have no idea.
 - Just inject any soup into yourself, just in case.
 - My soup has got paracetamol in it.
 - Yeah. - It's got, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - That's hilarious.
 - Do you know in 1782, if you were in Haymarket in London,
 that you could pay your very own money
 to go and have a bath in some soup?
 - Oh, wow. - Yeah.
 This was a thing in the 17th and 18th century
 in the whole of Europe, not just in the UK,
 that people just seemed to bathe in soups.
 - Wow. - Really?
 - And it was supposed to be good for you,
 it was supposed to like, you know, there's very healthy,
 instead of just normal water,
 you were getting some of the vitamins into your body.
 - What flavor, any particular?
 - Veal or other broths.
 So that could be literally anything.
 - Yeah, would you rather a bowl of soup
 that had a chicken's pooey egg sitting inside it,
 yep, or a bowl of soup with Andy sitting inside it.
 (laughing)
 - What flavor is the soup?
 - Wow, tomato, let's say.
 - Oh, no, I don't really like tomato soup.
 - Okay, goes great with Andy though, so.
 (laughing)
 - I get your point, yeah, definitely.
 - That's weird, 'cause I've never, you know,
 you read novels written in the 19th century, 18th century,
 and never once have any of the characters
 been described as bathing in a tomato soup.
 - That's 'cause it's so cotidious,
 it's like everyone was doing it all the time,
 it's like, why even write it in the novels?
 - Got it, it's like, front of cleaning your teeth.
 - But the other thing is that at the moment,
 in the UNESEN spa resort in Hakone in Japan,
 you can go into a ramen bath.
 So it's still happening in Japan, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Apparently the collagen in the pork broth
 is supposed to give you healthier skin.
 - You would not eat in that spa restaurant afterwards though,
 would you?
 - You piece is vicious.
 - 'Cause if we didn't need to move on though
 to our second fact, it is time for fact number two,
 and that is my fact, my fact this week,
 is that the world's oldest postcard
 was sent by a writer called Theodore Hook.
 He sent it to himself.
 - Wow. - Yeah, Theodore.
 - What did he say, wish I was here?
 (laughing)
 - So it was sent in 1840,
 and it was sent in London, in Fulham,
 and it was a postcard where you could see people
 who were working at the post office around a big inkwell,
 and the idea was that that was satirizing the post system.
 So he sent it to himself,
 so that means the only other person who's seen it
 would have been the postman, right?
 - Yes, exactly.
 - And you'll see there's something you bastard.
 - Yeah. - Is that the idea?
 - Yeah, exactly, and it was, you know,
 there wasn't a big laugh here,
 but back in the day, that was huge satire.
 (laughing)
 I would have had people on the floor.
 So yeah, and so there was other postcards
 thought to be the oldest, and then this came up
 in an auction, and it sold for including commission
 and VAT, 31,000 pounds, 750.
 - Wow. - So it's, yeah,
 a really expensive item, and I think partially as well
 because Theodore Hook was quite an amazing prankster
 of the 1800s.
 He achieved what is known as the Burner Street hoax,
 which was one of the greatest hoaxes that London ever had.
 It was a hoax where he said to his friend,
 "I bet you I can make one single house,
 "the most famous house in London,"
 and they bet some money on it, and he said, "Go for it,"
 and he managed to do it.
 So what he did was he sent out thousands of letters
 to people, workmen, all over the country,
 and said, "Can you arrive on the morning of this day,
 "August 27th, in order to do something to the house?"
 So this one woman opened up her door
 on the morning of August 27th to a chimney sweep,
 and she said, "I didn't order a chimney sweep,"
 when she turned in away.
 Then another chimney sweep came, and she turned him away.
 10 more chimney sweeps came, turned away.
 Then carts carrying large deliveries of cold came,
 turned them away.
 Then cake makers delivering large wedding cakes.
 Then doctors and lawyers came.
 There were vickers, there were fishmongers.
 It was just getting bigger and bigger,
 and eventually the Duke of York came along.
 There was the Governor of the Bank of England,
 the Archbishop of Canterbury came along.
 - No! - Yes!
 And you know, this is, there's a lot of like,
 what's real and not real in this story
 through the passage of time.
 Imagine opening your door and seeing
 the Duke of York outside.
 I think we can all agree.
 (audience laughing)
 - That is, this was 1889.
 - Maybe he was just delivering some pizza expressed.
 (audience laughing)
 - This just sounds like when you're at home
 in the middle of a Wednesday,
 and all of your neighbours are out,
 and then your host one knocks on the door,
 and he goes, "Can you take number 10s?
 "Can you take number 12s?
 "Can you, you know, 79 packages?"
 - No, he was a crazy guy.
 - And the thing was that he just,
 they randomly chose that house, didn't they?
 It was literally, they just went through a phone book
 if there was one in the day,
 or whatever the equivalent was,
 and went, "Oh, let's just choose that house."
 So she had nothing to do with it, and--
 - Oh, she had no idea.
 Yeah, she was absolutely befuddled.
 And so this was 1809.
 So this was a number of years before the postcard was sent.
 And so by this time, when the postcard went out,
 and it saw that it had Theodore Hook's name on it,
 it was assumed he must have been sending it to himself
 as part of a prank.
 We don't actually know that he sent it to himself.
 That's the assumption.
 - But it is correct, 'cause it will be weird
 to receive the first ever postcard,
 'cause you wouldn't know what it was, really.
 It would be a baffling thing to experience.
 - You're right, yeah.
 - But you'd figure it out.
 It's not like--
 - No, this is 1840.
 You'd go insane.
 - But wait a minute.
 - He likes your wits permanently.
 - I know what you're saying,
 but this is just the one-off he sent it to himself.
 So someone else must have been the first person
 to get a postcard, right?
 - Oh, yeah.
 - They all ended up in as islands back in the day.
 They were populated by postcard recipients.
 - History of the postcard is amazing,
 because they were invented in the late 19th century,
 and they sort of, you know,
 there were various stages of innovation.
 The biggest innovation came in the divided back period.
 Sorry, it was known as the divided back period,
 which is where, finally, for the first time ever,
 you get a picture on one side,
 and then the back of the card is divided
 into address and message, right?
 Before that, one whole side had to be
 for the address and the stamp, it was serious,
 and then the message had to go on the other side
 next to the picture, nightmare.
 Once you got nice picture postcards,
 it took off like nothing had ever done before.
 It was incredible.
 In 2010, in the UK, 800 million postcards were sent.
 And the population's all lower than it is now.
 That is a lot of people postcards per person being sent.
 - I think it was 25 postcards per person per year,
 around about that time.
 - I think a lot of people were doing
 a lot of postcarding as well.
 It wasn't everyone was doing that, was it?
 It was like some people were sending three a day,
 four a day, stuff like that.
 - It makes sense, right?
 - You had like four or five posts every day, didn't you?
 So you could send, I could send you a postcard,
 and you're saying, "What the fuck are you doing in my soup?"
 And then the same day, you could send one back.
 Like saying, "I'm just having a nice time, thank you."
 Or whatever.
 - I'm here for my health.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - So it was, we know the exact date.
 March 1st, 1907, was the official birth of the modern postcard
 when they put that singular line down the middle
 that separated message from it anywhere in time.
 - Yeah.
 - I would go there.
 - The reason that they did that, of course,
 is because what they thought was if you put the message
 and the address on the same side, then in the post office,
 they would just get distracted by reading all of the messages.
 - Yeah, right.
 - Or there might be some sexy messages in there
 and they'd get embarrassed.
 - Yeah, they were a bit scandalous.
 People objected to postcards back in the day
 because of this idea that the postman or woman
 could read all of your dirty secrets.
 And in fact, aside from that,
 there was lots of other controversies.
 So they were thought of as killing the art of writing
 because, you know, they're short form.
 They were basically the text messages of their day.
 There was an article written in 1884,
 so quite soon after postcards had taken off,
 saying, "Who nowadays writes letters?
 "We all dash off hasty notes or horribly scribbler postcard.
 "The epistolary art so dear to our grandmothers
 "is becoming extinct."
 And that's 150 years ago, they were whinging about that
 and they haven't shut up.
 - Well, yeah, it was true.
 - Winky face.
 - You know, you could get postcards made of moss
 back in the day.
 - Oh, for fuck's sake.
 - Sorry, just a little moss fact here.
 Someone made of wood, but Birchbark,
 Canada had leather ones,
 and Ireland had cards made of peat moss.
 - Wow. - How do you write on that?
 - They processed the peat moss in some way
 to make it that you could write on it.
 - That makes sense. - How?
 I don't know, but nonetheless.
 - They banned those in America, I think.
 I'm not sure about the moss ones,
 but definitely the wood ones they banned in America.
 You could only send paper or cardboard ones.
 That's 'cause they jammed the post machines.
 So they had leather ones, they had wood ones,
 like you said.
 And the thing is about the wood ones,
 they tended to have really terrible jokes on them.
 So like, you might go to an exposition about wood
 or something and get a wooden postcard,
 and it would say, "The exposition is more than oak A."
 - Right.
 - "It's ash tonishing.
 (audience laughs)
 "I would spruce up and come.
 "You will not regret it."
 - Is that you will not regret it?
 - You know what it wasn't, they missed that one.
 - Lazy, a trick missed.
 (audience laughs)
 - Well, that's what you get for going to a wood symposium,
 I'm gonna say.
 (audience laughs)
 - We do need to talk about the saucy seaside postcard.
 I'm sorry, we have to.
 - What is it?
 - The saucy seaside postcard is a great institution
 of the 20th century, which is just a slightly rude postcard
 with a slightly funny or saucy, saucy, I don't think, yeah.
 - You'd recognise them.
 They're always like, box and women bursting out
 of red swimming costumes, a very '50s style
 with a raunchy, rude comment underneath.
 - Okay, cool.
 - Thank you, yeah, exactly.
 So kind of-- - Saucy.
 - Saucy, I've never said the word saucy
 so many times in my life, but I love it.
 And basically, one artist in particular,
 Donald McGill, was one of the great artists of this.
 He did about nine a week until he died, it was incredible.
 But there was trouble because there were seaside censorship
 boards which assessed the sauciness of the postcards
 and banned them if they were too rude.
 So there was a blackpool board that you had to submit
 all your postcards to before they could go on sale.
 There was another on the Isle of Wight.
 And the members were things like there was a solicitor,
 a vicar, a bank manager, and Mrs. Gloria Swanson
 of the Blackpool Hotel and Boarding House Association.
 And they would sit in judgment over the postcards.
 And if you had one, for example,
 there's one of a girl talking to a bookie at a race course
 and she's saying, I want to back the favourite, please.
 My sweetheart gave me a pound to do it both ways, okay?
 That's, I think that's a good joke.
 But Mrs. Gloria Swanson, absolutely not, banned.
 And these kept going until the Isle of Man Committee
 lasted until 1989. Wow.
 1989. But then he got cancelled, basically, didn't he?
 Yeah, he did. In the '50s, really, wasn't it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 When they properly just clamped down,
 he was found guilty of breaking the Obscene Publications Act
 and, you know, fined and...
 Incredible.
 Reputation destroyed, very sad.
 And then went bankrupt.
 And also the other weird thing that we should mention about him
 is that he only had one foot.
 OK. And he lost his foot, his other foot, in a rugby accident.
 Ah! Which I didn't know was even possible.
 But, yeah.
 Just on the sort of censorship thing,
 that was a thing not just for postcards.
 I'm sure I must have mentioned it on the podcast a long time ago,
 but the lead singer of Pet Shop Boys, Neil Tennant,
 I think his name is, he used to work for Marvel
 and his job was whenever comic books came in,
 he would have to cover up the cleavage line
 on women that were acceptable in America,
 but not here. I mean, that was, you know, in the '70s and '80s.
 Yeah. It was good work, if you could get it.
 He wouldn't say no to that job, it was a 15-year-old intern.
 He'd be loving that.
 You know, the other amazing thing about postcards
 is that back in the day, it was the source of, sometimes,
 allowing you to see an image that you would otherwise have never seen.
 So newspapers, back in the day, let's say in American newspapers,
 largely completely text-based.
 So if it said something like, "An accident, train crashes,"
 or something where you might rubber-neck it, you know,
 it's like, "I'm curious to see a disaster,"
 a photo would be taken and it would be printed onto these postcards
 and people would send each other these postcards
 just to show them a news event as opposed to having anything to say.
 So it became a huge source of being able to just-- source--
 being able to see everything that was happening in the world
 prior to newspapers allowing us to do that.
 It was basically Twitter, wasn't it?
 Or text message, that kind of thing WhatsApp, that kind of thing.
 It was just like people sharing information.
 It was quite weird, though, when people used to send postcards
 of burning buildings and screaming car crash victims
 and then they wrote on the back, "Wish you were here."
 It was an odd time.
 But there was, like, political stuff as well, wasn't there?
 Like, the suffrage movement, there was a big battle of postcards of that.
 So there were a lot of anti-suffrage postcards
 where they would, like, mock the suffragettes and say, you know,
 "If you're a suffragette, you'll never get married," all that kind of thing.
 And then there were pro-suffragette postcards
 where you would have, like, really iconic women on them
 and try and push people in that direction.
 And often both types were made by the same company.
 -Right. -Ah, Claire.
 -No ways. -We're gonna have to move on.
 -Say it, guys. -I don't think the suffragettes
 would have approved of that, Joe, Captain.
 Not sure I've approved of it.
 It is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the first man to kill people by guillotine
 was briefly so fashionable that French people would dress up as him.
 Mm-hmm.
 It's called Charles-Henry Sanson,
 and he was the chief executioner to Louis XVI,
 and then he was the executioner of Louis XVI
 in a very weird job switcheroo.
 (LAUGHTER)
 It was like, "Undercover boss," it's like.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Well, that went wrong.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Yeah, and the French Revolution, obviously,
 that was a time of great social change, to put it mildly.
 And he was very famous during the period known as "The Terror,"
 and he had this uniform, it was stripy trousers,
 a tricorne hat, green coat, quite dashing,
 and he was just so fashionable in Paris at the time
 that he became someone people dressed up as him.
 And fashionable because of his awesome stripy trousers
 and tricorne hat, or because of what he was doing.
 I think 'cause the guillotine was a thing.
 I actually am. I'm not so sure, actually,
 because he was really, really fashionable, like you say.
 He wore blue trousers to set off with,
 but they were so worried about him being so fashionable
 that they banned him from wearing blue trousers.
 And from then on, he was only allowed to wear green trousers.
 And they said, "The blue is the colour of the nobility,
 "you're not allowed to wear them."
 Right. Yeah.
 You'd think if the French Revolutionary Committee
 were telling you off for dressing as the nobility.
 Pre-pre-revolutionary, you're kidding me.
 Oh, OK, that's fair enough. Right, let's see.
 But it seems like... It was not fair enough, it's bad.
 I don't approve of the Louis XVI, all the French Revolution.
 We know what side you're on now.
 No, it's fine. Come on.
 But the early days of it,
 there did seem to be a bit of colour coordination going on,
 and the colour being red.
 So the account that I read was you had the person
 who was about to be killed had a red T-shirt on.
 T-shirt. Yeah. Cool.
 They had some converse, didn't they?
 It's like fashion.
 Is it in Star Trek where all the red people die, or am I...?
 Ah, yes, I'm so far out of my comfort zone here.
 Yeah, so he had a red T-shirt on.
 He had Nike cap.
 Can we just give it some time-appropriate names?
 So what did they wear back then?
 Just no T, I think.
 Ah. OK, so...
 Wow, that's very panicky to pick that up.
 The T-shirt was invented in the 20th century.
 It's a very anachronistic thing to hear T-shirts in the French Revolution.
 People are going to think that happens in Australia.
 Or did I just bust a time-traveler?
 OK, that's...
 What colour were his jeans?
 LAUGHTER
 So he had a red shirt on, and the...
 And Charles... Is that his name? Charles?
 He had a cape on, which was red, and the guillotine itself was red.
 So red was very much the dominant theme.
 Well, I guess it doesn't show the stains.
 Was the guillotine definitely red pre-execution?
 It wasn't just...
 I think this was for the very first, yeah, execution.
 I guess maybe they were just trying to hide the gore.
 And unfortunately, when they did it, it was because this was new,
 and they had huge crowds that came to see it,
 because everyone was so fascinated by all of these public deaths,
 the crowds were really disappointed,
 because it was really efficient and quick and over like that.
 And they were like, "Ah, we brought sandwiches."
 We were going to be here a while, and it was just like,
 "Ah, it was too efficient, you've got two stars."
 People rioted. Three people died in the riots
 about how efficient the new guillotine was.
 Really? Yeah.
 The worst thing about that one,
 so that guy who was killed in the first guillotine,
 he was called Pelletier,
 they decided, OK, we're going to stop hanging people,
 because we think everyone should be killed exactly the same way,
 because, you know, where the French Revolution,
 it shouldn't be that the nobility get a good way of dying
 and the other people don't.
 Everyone's going to be killed with a sword, with an axe.
 And then this guy, Sanson, decided,
 "Well, actually, my axe isn't good enough for that.
 "I won't be able to get through enough people,
 "so we need a new way of doing it."
 And so they came up with this idea of the guillotine,
 but this guy had already been found guilty
 and was already sentenced to death,
 and he had to sit there and watch it be built,
 because he couldn't be executed until it was built.
 Did he have to go through the kind of, like,
 brainstorming meetings with them, saying, "What about this?"
 I feel like you'd, like, steal a screw or something, wouldn't you?
 Yeah.
 But Sanson, the executioner, he was part of this extraordinary
 dynasty of executioners.
 So six generations of his family performed this role.
 Great-grandfather, grandfather, father, all six of his brothers.
 All six of his brothers were also executioners
 in different bits of France.
 Wow. Yeah.
 Mad. It's really bizarre.
 And they called them just by the name of the town
 they were the executioner,
 so they didn't even call them by their first name.
 They would call them Reem or Leon or Atom.
 Yeah. It's just, it's bizarre.
 And when you read it about his life,
 he mostly had a series of protracted workplace disputes
 with his bosses, who were either the royalty
 or the revolutionary committee.
 So he was saying, "Look, I'm broke.
 "I've got, there are so many people to be executed.
 "My working conditions are bad.
 "I need a budget increase."
 He was asking for a budget increase from the Minister of Justice,
 which was days after he had executed
 the previous Minister of Justice.
 LAUGHTER
 I think that's when you've got leverage in any time.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah, he just had all of these disputes
 with, like, running, irritating disputes.
 He once sued someone for libel
 for saying that he was boorish or brutish.
 Wow. He was an executioner.
 There's also a weird thing, which is,
 I don't know if this is the original moment
 where this idea came about,
 but there's a lot of question about at what point,
 once the head is removed from the body,
 does the person actually pass away?
 And there were all these experiments of, like,
 trying to get people to blink posts,
 you know, to talking to the dismembered head.
 There was a theory, I think, like, I remember reading
 when I was a kid, even, that they stay alive
 for, like, seven or eight seconds or something.
 Yeah, so there was this thing with Charles Henri,
 which is when he had executed a woman
 who was called Charlotte Corday.
 Someone, a carpenter, jumped up and grabbed her head,
 and he picked it up, and he slapped her on the face.
 So, a horrible thing to do, a poster beheading.
 You don't mind, I don't think, at that stage.
 Well, this is the thing. Apparently, she did.
 Because, apparently, witnesses reported an expression
 of unequivocal indignation on her face
 after she was slapped, and everyone thought,
 "Oh, maybe you actually last a bit longer."
 You last long enough to be annoyed by something.
 (LAUGHTER)
 But, yeah, for a while afterwards, there were a lot of studies
 into if that's the case, because of Charlotte's anger.
 Original guillotine invented in Halifax, West Yorkshire.
 Yeah. So, good.
 Well done.
 Are we saying that that's good?
 Because, I would say, because it's in Yorkshire, it's bad.
 Debate. Debate.
 Oh. Off with his head. Oh, no.
 It was solely to chop off the heads of people from Lancashire,
 wasn't it?
 It was called the Halifax Chibbit, but it was a mechanism
 for doing the same kind of thing.
 And Daniel Defoe wrote about it, and he said there was this rule,
 right, that if you could pull your head...
 So, there was a pin that got pulled, and that dropped the chopper.
 But if the order was given to pull the pin,
 and you managed to pull your head out of the block in time,
 you were then free to run, as far as you could.
 The executioner was entitled to chase you under the rules of this system.
 Wow. But if you got across the river,
 you were home, not home dry, home very wet, but you weren't free.
 You were not going to be executed anymore.
 And so that apparently was a rule they had in place.
 It seems like a bad rule.
 You could spot people who've done it because they'd always have
 a bald patch on the top of their head, wouldn't they?
 It is time for our final fact of the show, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that in Sicily, the pistachios are guarded
 by the military police.
 Not a very stressful occupation, I would guess.
 Well, they're a very dangerous industry, turns out, sort of.
 They are very valuable pistachios in Sicily.
 They're called green gold there.
 They're different to all pistachios in the rest of the world.
 They're farmed in a place called Bronte.
 And their thought was much better and richer and deeper flavour
 than any other pistachios.
 They only constitute about 1% of the world's supply.
 Less, but they're the best.
 And so people keep stealing them.
 And loads of pistachio farmers were complaining,
 saying literally people are rocking out with guns and, you know,
 holdings at gunpoint and stealing all our pistachios.
 There was one person who said they'd had a story of someone
 like rappelling down from the air and scooping pistachios off trees.
 [LAUGHTER]
 From like a helicopter.
 It had to be, yeah, like a big blimp above or something.
 I think from the helicopter.
 And I don't know if, like, you've had to pay for the helicopter.
 You're going to have to pick a lot of pistachios from your outskirts.
 I find it incredible that there is a version of pistachios
 which apparently is even nicer than pistachios,
 one of the nicest things in the world.
 Like, it's, I can't imagine how good,
 because I'm sure I've never had one of these Bronte pistachios.
 Yeah.
 I'm sure that I'm one of the 99% in the pistachio world.
 I think that's the 1%.
 And that's why we rioted all those years ago,
 as the people who tasted those pistachios.
 How good must they be?
 They must be incredible.
 I actually don't, I don't think pistachios are that great,
 so I'm not as excited as you,
 but I still wouldn't mind tasting them.
 Wow.
 But they're worth a lot, aren't they?
 Like, one single bag could be worth up to 33,000 American dollars,
 and that is big.
 What bag?
 Yeah.
 Not a supermarket bag.
 Start like 100 grams.
 Like a Santa sac kind of cake.
 Right, okay, yeah.
 I don't normally buy them in Santa sac, but yeah.
 Okay, a big old bag, yeah.
 That's a lot.
 How much did you sell?
 33,000 American dollars, I believe.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's Bronte, so this place.
 Admiral Nelson, Lord Nelson, was the Duke of Bronte.
 Yes.
 And he was granted the title by the King of Naples and Sicily,
 because he helped to put down a revolution
 against the King, Ferdinand I.
 So he never visited, but he was the Duke of Bronte.
 He was very proud of that.
 He always signed his name, once he was given that,
 Nelson and Bronte, which is all just Bronte.
 And Bronte, did you say?
 Not and Bronte, but there's a connection.
 Is there?
 Because 10 years after Nelson died,
 there was a clergyman called Patrick Bronte,
 who thought, "I want to posh out my name a bit,"
 and he changed his name to Bronte,
 and then fathered the Bronte girls.
 Yeah.
 Did he get it from the pistachio place, then, though?
 Via Nelson, yeah.
 Oh, really?
 He wanted to make his name posh and cool.
 That's amazing.
 Did not know that.
 If it weren't for the pistachios,
 we wouldn't have Wuthering Heights.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Very good.
 That's what it looks like.
 And if we didn't have Manchester,
 we wouldn't have Jane Eyre,
 because that's where Charlotte Bronte started writing Jane Eyre
 in Manchester.
 So thank you all here.
 I thought I'd win more of you over with that one.
 But that's cool.
 We're all from Yorkshire in this room in times like that.
 Actually, pistachio theft is a problem all over the world
 where they make pistachios, anyway.
 So in America, they have a nut theft task force,
 which stops nut theft in the California area.
 In Turkey, apparently, they have nut vigilantes
 who try to stop people from stealing their pistachios.
 And in Turkey, they don't repel from blimps
 or anything or from helicopters.
 You just ram a tree with your car
 and knock all of the pistachios out
 and then just gather them all up and shove them in your car.
 Oh, clever.
 That's really clever.
 Yeah.
 And in Sicily, it's the carabinieri police force
 who guard them.
 And they do helicopter patrols as well.
 Do they ever have to fire shells at the thieves?
 But I find the carabinieri so weird that,
 so, you know, if you go to Italy, there are two police forces
 and they just accept this.
 So there's like the normal police.
 Oh, we've got about 40, haven't we?
 Okay, sure.
 Sorry, there are two types of police.
 So if you want to call, if you've got an emergency,
 you can either call the polizia
 or you can call the carabinieri.
 And I can't really work.
 And one's 112 and one's 113, I think.
 And this journalist was asking Italian, the Sicilians,
 and they didn't really know which was which.
 They were like, "You just pick one."
 It's just, and it's just a hangover.
 It's from pre-unification even.
 And the carabinieri were like the royal guards.
 And now they're just a hangover.
 But they've got these really weird rules.
 So they didn't used to be allowed to have facial hair
 for quite a long time, I think.
 And now you can have quite strict facial hair.
 They had to ask permission to marry
 if you're in the military police force.
 And then once you ask permission to marry from your boss,
 then they do a full-on background check
 of your potential spouse to make sure they're appropriate.
 Okay, I think that's the best one to ring, isn't it?
 If they're that strict, no?
 Yeah, you don't have to ask.
 I want you to send a police officer,
 but can you tell me about your spouse a bit first?
 Yeah, that's very good.
 I don't think people are calling them the day
 before their wedding, just to say,
 "I think you're really good at it,
 and I've got some doubts, actually."
 So... Wow.
 Yeah, pistachio theft is a big, a huge deal.
 So this year in June, I think this was in California,
 there was a guy, a trucker who was arrested
 for allegedly stealing £42,000 of pistachios.
 Wait, nice. Like, one and a half bags.
 Yeah, and it's a problem because you turn up dressed
 as a truck driver, looking like a truck driver.
 Dressed as a truck driver.
 What if you haven't bought that Halloween costume yet?
 You sort of look plausibly like...
 Wearing a t-shirt, for instance.
 Wearing a t-shirt, yeah.
 And so now drivers have to have thumb prints, photo ID,
 the whole deal.
 And some people have hacked into
 trucking companies' computer systems
 to place fake orders for pistachios,
 and then someone turns upon the day and says,
 "I'm here for the pistachios that have been ordered."
 Right.
 And then drive off with all the nuts.
 And that's a perfect crime.
 And the idea is basically that there's no kind of
 barcodes on these things, right?
 There's just tons of nuts,
 and people eat the pistachios,
 and so that's kind of destroying all the evidence.
 It's the perfect crime.
 It's the perfect crime, because you get to eat pistachio nuts
 throughout. It's... Yeah.
 Just back to Bronte for a second.
 Oh, yeah.
 Not the sisters, the area with the pistachios.
 There's an amazing thing when you're looking at photos of it
 that you suddenly notice this giant mountain
 that is sitting in the background of the pistachio area,
 and it's Mount Etna.
 And Mount Etna is given a lot of credit
 for the reason that the pistachios are so good,
 because basically the trees are growing out
 of the kind of volcanic slabs that have been laid down
 over the passage of time.
 Which is genuinely really good for soil.
 Like lava has all these minerals in it,
 which over time make it much more fertile.
 So it's true.
 Yeah, but it's still an active volcano,
 and up until very recently,
 I think it was in...
 It was either this year or last year,
 it had these huge explosions, lava explosions.
 It grew in height by 100 feet.
 What?
 Yeah, because of all of...
 It was literally like when you put a Mentos in a Diet Coke.
 It was shooting a column.
 You know what a volcano is?
 Right.
 Hang on, James.
 I need to hear a bit more about this Mentos Coke situation
 before I can visualize it.
 Sorry, do you mean it grew 100 feet just temporarily
 while it was shooting it out?
 No, no, that column, like a Mentos in a Diet Coke,
 shoots like meters upright, and this is what this did.
 This was like hundreds of meters into the air,
 this column of stuff.
 So it grew in all the ash kind of sat on top of lava
 and dried up, and it grew.
 But it does an amazing thing, Mount Etna,
 which I didn't realize volcanoes do.
 It blows smoke rings occasionally,
 like a really skilled smoker doing those...
 You can see these beautiful plumes of perfect rings
 coming out the top of Mount Etna.
 That's great.
 So it's not just the pistachios that are cool about the area.
 I'm still not going until I can do that Gandalf ship.
 Then I'll visit Sicily.
 Okay, I've got an economics quiz for you all.
 Oh, great.
 Yay!
 Which is better value, shelled or unshelled pistachios?
 Well, I would say probably...
 It's more fun to open the shells,
 and it actually means you don't shove millions of them
 in your face, so you kind of eat a bit less.
 But presumably the shells aren't worth as much,
 so it would be better to get unshelled.
 Okay, good theory.
 I'm going to say shelled as well, purely because I think it's...
 Yeah, it's the pure form, right?
 And all sorts.
 Pure form, yeah, I guess.
 Okay, I'm going to say it's impossible to answer that,
 because you haven't told us what they cost, respectively.
 I can't tell you what's better value,
 unless you tell me how much it is.
 Sorry, I just want to allow you myself to that theory.
 Well, okay, let's say shelled on pistachios.
 With the shell, half the price per ounce, right?
 But you only get half as many,
 because half the space in the bag is shells in empty space.
 So this is by a website called Wonkblog,
 which is very good, by the way,
 on these sort of nut-related questions.
 The problem is, the price is roughly equivalent per weight,
 but it's labor.
 It's how much work you're doing
 to take the shells off the pistachios.
 And so it depends what you earn.
 So if you're on, you know, 10 pounds an hour,
 the cost of shell on pistachios is about four pounds in labor
 to remove the shells,
 if you're doing it for a certain time.
 But if you earn, you know, 40 quid an hour,
 that's way more per bag of shell pistachios,
 because you are having to do the work.
 So there's that thing about, is it Cristiano Ronaldo?
 It's not, if he drops a tenner on the floor,
 it's not worth him picking it up,
 because it would take him longer
 than he's earned that amount of money.
 Exactly.
 Also, someone else might kick the ball away from you
 in the time that you went down to...
 It's not a good strategy on the pitch.
 I mean, what's he doing on the pitch anyway,
 Cristiano Ronaldo these days?
 Ronaldo would be the worst person in the world
 to buy shell on pistachios,
 because it's just not worth his time taking the shell off.
 It's a stupid thing that shell removal is labor,
 and some people will call that a hobby.
 So...
 And there's a place in America called Pistachio Land.
 Sounds really cool.
 According to their website,
 they offer a motorised farm tour around the orchards,
 a candy kitchen where they produce their own pistachio treats,
 a geocache location,
 and a poker stop for playing Pokemon Go.
 There's the four things.
 The website's really good.
 It tells you why pistachios are so good for you.
 Some maybe slightly dubious claims.
 They say that they're cholesterol-free,
 which I think they are, so that's good.
 They have antioxidants, so that's good for you,
 you know, very fashionable.
 It also says that the colour green is associated
 with health, hope, renewal, and alleviates anxiety,
 which feels like a bit of a stretch, doesn't it?
 It does, unless you're seeing it on the executioner's trousers
 heading towards you.
 It will cool stress.
 Did you know that pistachios are good for penises?
 In what sense?
 Well, they were originally called the penistachio, weren't they?
 Yeah, yeah, in what way, in what way?
 Okay, so there was a study where they gave a bunch of men
 100 grams of pistachio nuts as a diet,
 so you would eat them in one go for three weeks,
 and they found that their penises got better.
 Now, here's the interesting thing about this.
 Yes.
 I've not written down what that means, so...
 Presumably, the scientific paper didn't say the penises got better,
 so you've already...
 So, I've written that.
 I've written "Good for your penis",
 and then I've kind of just not written anything else,
 so it's going to remain a bit of a mystery.
 I have a lot of acronyms.
 Apparently, your IIEF score is better,
 and your PCDU parameters are better as well.
 But there are side effects in patients with ED,
 so watch out for that.
 That's a retell dysfunction, I suppose, the last one.
 Oh, yes.
 So, it's "Good for your penis", "Good for your nuts"?
 No?
 Yeah.
 So, you know, it's a mystery what that means,
 but it's good news.
 It's good news.
 If you want a good penis...
 I don't know if it means morally.
 I don't know if it means in action.
 I don't know if it's like at quizzes.
 I don't know what...
 Well-behaved penises.
 Did you say "Good at quizzes"?
 "Good at quizzes".
 I remember when we took you to the pub
 and you were playing the quiz machine.
 Never again.
 Extraordinary.
 They had to clean the buttons so much after this.
 Anyway, look, we need to wrap up in a second.
 Do we have anything else before we do?
 Well, they're dangerous, aren't they, pistachios?
 They can explode.
 And they can suffocate you.
 But not like as a sort of mercy killing, that kind of thing.
 They don't grab a cushion and they don't do that.
 How can they do either of these things?
 Not under their own steam, either of these things, surely?
 Well, kind of, I suppose.
 So, yeah, basically they're taking out oxygen from an area
 and releasing carbon dioxide.
 So if you are in like a big truck full of pistachios
 and it's hermetically sealed and you're there long enough,
 then you'll suffocate.
 So that's kind of them by themselves, isn't it?
 Definitely, I think so.
 Yeah, and they have this kind of fat in there
 and they have this chemical reaction.
 And that chemical reaction gives out heat.
 And if it gives out enough heat, if they're enough there,
 they can explode.
 Yeah.
 So they're dangerous.
 It's not, it would be an elaborate plot.
 It would be an amazing sort of mystery.
 You need a lot of them.
 If you have them in your pocket, they're not going to explode.
 Although you might end up with a bad penis if they do.
 It's not just like saying that flower,
 is it like every time your wife receives some flowers,
 you say, you know, they can suffocate you
 if you're shot in a room with a million of them.
 To be honest, the problem is the florist never
 have enough space on the little cart today.
 I've got to do one more thing.
 Yeah, go for it.
 So this is, pistachios used to be red in America,
 which I didn't know, they were dyed
 because they were bought from Iran.
 And then there was the Iran hostage crisis in 1979.
 Big deal, there were trade embargoes.
 So no more imports from Iran.
 And America started its own pistachio industry.
 And this was all in the time of President Jimmy Carter,
 who set up this pistachio embargo.
 Very exciting.
 But he, of course, is a peanut farmer.
 If anyone remembers that.
 Jimmy Carter is a peanut farmer and was and is.
 And there is a statue of Jimmy Carter in Georgia,
 which is of a four meter tall peanut,
 but it has the teeth of Jimmy Carter.
 It's the second tallest peanut statue in the world.
 And second tallest.
 Second tallest.
 Yeah, it's not the best, but it's nearly there.
 And this is my favorite detail about this.
 It's just a tall peanut with Jimmy Carter's teeth.
 It's really weird.
 But it has a large hole in its rear end.
 And that allegedly was cut by the Secret Service
 to ensure that there were no explosives or assassins inside it.
 But why would you cut the hole to work out
 if there were no explosives or assassins inside it?
 If there's no hole, there are probably no assassins inside.
 The peanut's bum.
 Also, if you were going to put a feature of Jimmy Carter
 on a peanut to make sure people knew it was him,
 is the teeth the...
 If you see it, you're like, oh, Jimmy Carter.
 Jimmy Carter, where are we?
 Oh, hang on. No, it's a big peanut.
 I don't know which body part you'd put.
 I don't know any specific body part of Jimmy Carter very well.
 I just know him as a whole.
 The largest pistachio in the world is advertised
 as being a pistachio land in America.
 But I found that there is a pistachio-shaped museum in Turkey
 which has a larger pistachio.
 And so I wrote to pistachio land to tell them
 that their pistachio isn't the biggest pistachio in the world.
 No reply.
 Jesus Christ.
 And I was so hoping to go on a trip there.
 I'll never have this now.
 Yeah, your face is just there with a cross.
 So everywhere.
 No, you out.
 No, it's just a big knot with James' teeth.
 Okay, listen, we need to wrap up.
 That is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Schweimerland, Andy.
 @AndrewHunter.
 I'm James.
 @JamesHarken.
 And Anna.
 You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account.
 No such thing as a fish.no.
 Or you can go to our group account @NoSuchThing.
 Or you can go to our group account.
 What's happening?
 405 times you've said this.
 Or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing.
 Or you can go to our website,
 which is thegoodpenis.com.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 All of our future tour dates are up there.
 Do check it out.
 Thank you, Manchester, so much for this.
 And thank you so much, man.
 Thank you, thank you, thank you.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye!
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
