 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish," a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you live
 from the Royal Institution in London.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Toshinsky,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Andy.
 - Myfactiz, the first ever megawatt scale wind turbine
 was erected at a Vermont mountain called Grandpas Nob.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay, so this is wind turbine
 and it's a megawatt scale, you know,
 it could generate a megawatt of electricity at any one time.
 That was the capacity.
 We're in 1941, October 1941, just before Pearl Harbor,
 coincidence.
 - So America had nothing to do at that time again.
 - I know, it was easy breezy times,
 but no, that's just a setting the scene for you.
 And there was a guy called Palmer Putnam,
 who was both a sailor and an engineer.
 He lived a very near Grandpas Nob.
 He kept cod, and he had two problems.
 One was constantly windy,
 just constantly the wind blowing in off the Atlantic,
 just constantly, his electricity bills were too high.
 And he thought, I wonder if I could combine
 these problems into one solution.
 And he had a bit of expertise in the field,
 and he built this wind turbine.
 It lasted about, not very long, sadly, about two years,
 but it was groundbreaking because there had been turbines
 before they could generate electricity,
 but this was the biggest that had ever been built,
 you know, megawatt is sort of a symbolic threshold,
 I guess, to get over.
 - Yeah, only lasted two years because it got blown over.
 - Yes.
 - Did it.
 - Which I think is sometimes a problem with wind turbines,
 isn't it?
 - Occasionally, yeah.
 You do need to build them to withstand that.
 - I know in Denmark, if it gets too windy, they turn off.
 - That's true.
 That kind of, yeah, if it's sort of very stormy conditions.
 - But this guy was like, he was really famous in his time,
 wasn't he?
 I read that he went to, he did a lecture at NASA
 about wind power, and then he signed autographs
 for 45 minutes afterwards.
 - Really?
 - That's because they all thought he was going to be like
 the Edison of wind power, and they thought wind power
 is going to be the next big thing, so we're going to get
 his thoughts back.
 - Wow.
 - Amazing.
 I should say how important this was, because a megawatt,
 it was 10 times bigger than the biggest wind mill
 that had ever been produced in terms of the electricity
 it could generate.
 - Right.
 - And in fact, most people had wind mills at the time,
 they were about 1,000th of this scale in generation.
 - Like those little ones that you stick in your garden
 on a little pole.
 - Exactly.
 Yeah, farmers had them.
 - Yeah, if you're grinding corn and for the boring,
 even now to like the Midwest of America,
 and like in old movies and stuff,
 you see them, they're like bits of metal
 with tiny windmills on.
 - Yeah, they're sort of like ugly versions
 of European windmills, aren't they?
 They're like, disproportionate with a tiny head
 and a massive body.
 - Yeah, I guess, but the thing is like,
 because they were pioneers going out west,
 they had to make do with what they had.
 They couldn't just get loads and loads of planks
 and make an enormous, beautiful wind mill.
 They had to just make it as minimalistic as possible.
 But I think it's quite ironic that kind of
 America was built on those windmills,
 but now the right wing in America just hates wind farms.
 - That's true, that's true.
 And after Putnam built this, it took, so this was '41,
 it took until really the 1970s for wind to take off
 in a big way, which was partly thanks to the oil crisis,
 two oil crises in the '70s when there was a, you know,
 cutoff of fuel from the Middle East.
 - Yeah.
 - Those days are gone.
 - Yeah, it was all, so we don't need to worry about that.
 - I just wanted to ask the question on everyone's lips,
 the most important question about this.
 Who's Grandpa?
 - Well.
 (laughing)
 - And can we be introduced?
 - No.
 (laughing)
 - I don't think I found why it was called Grandpa's knob.
 - I did look.
 - No, I don't think we, I don't think anyone knows
 unless someone around here has found it.
 - No. - But there is next to it
 another place called Biddy knob.
 And it seems like maybe Grandpa, because Biddy,
 it's short for Bridget, but I was also used in America
 in those days to mean like an old lady.
 So it might have been the Grandpa knob and Biddy knob
 together made a couple and they might have been named
 after two people from the area.
 - Hey Andy, is there, I think the other main question
 that listeners of our show wanna know,
 is there a society to do with wind turbines
 and windmills and have you joined?
 - I haven't found one yet, but I don't think
 there's a Grandpa's knob preservation society
 because it got, as you said James,
 it got blown over and damaged in a storm.
 And then a few years ago someone proposed
 putting up a modern turbine, kind of the same size
 as a tribute to this amazing engineering first.
 And someone else said, what if it vibrates
 and so cancel the plan?
 - Okay.
 - So they've got, but they have got a phone mask there now.
 So you know, that's.
 - That's something, isn't it?
 - Progressive source.
 - One more thing on Palmer Putnam,
 he also designed amphibious landing craft used
 during the Normandy landings.
 - Wow, oh my God.
 - Yeah, he's a big deal.
 And later in life, he got into gardening
 and he always planted vegetables next to each other
 that he knew would grow to the exact same height.
 - What?
 - One of those inventors is more useful than the other,
 I'd say.
 - And so they're really big now, aren't they?
 Are they even bigger than Grandpa's knob?
 - Yeah, yeah, away bigger.
 - Wind turbines.
 - Wind turbines, yes.
 And in fact, the biggest wind turbine in the world
 is currently being built in Germany.
 It's gonna be 360 meters high,
 which is 100 stories high, which is quite cool.
 And difficult because cranes can only get up to about half
 that height, so you build half of it.
 They are currently building half of it with cranes.
 And then the other half is just telescoped on the inside.
 So you get to halfway up.
 - No.
 - And then you pull the rest out like a telescope.
 Yeah, I don't know if it's as simple as that,
 a construction rise, but essentially it.
 The other half is inside.
 - So cool.
 - Clever.
 - I've been reading about windmills, old school.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Fascinating, fascinating history.
 It didn't realize there was a code of the windmills.
 So you would do social announcements via your windmill.
 - No.
 - Yeah, so I printed out this thing.
 So you can probably have a go at guessing, but okay.
 So you never used to leave your windmill with the,
 so if you had four sails, you would never leave it
 with the vertical right up.
 - Can I say why?
 - Yes.
 - Because the vertical one going down would stop
 you getting out the door.
 (laughing)
 - No, I mean, probably correct.
 But what it really was was back in the day,
 it was lightning bolts.
 You would have the highest thing.
 And so we're attracting lightning bolts.
 You can leave it there like that now
 because they have rods that attract the lightning
 in its place.
 But that used to be a way that people,
 if they saw that the windmill sail was up like that,
 it meant, okay, they're not at home,
 but they'll be back.
 'Cause no fool would leave their sail fully vertical.
 - Oh no.
 - Yeah, so if you knew that we could live fast.
 - Back in five minutes, exactly.
 - And they still use that today for morning.
 So if someone dies, like when the queen died,
 then all Dutch windmills were in that position, right?
 It's like what's having flags in our mask.
 Yeah, all windmills go to the morning windmill position,
 which is like the crucifix position
 as opposed to the X marks, the spot position.
 - That is amazing.
 - Yeah, it's cool.
 - And incorrect.
 So what you would do is,
 (laughing)
 Ah.
 - It was more of a diagonal direction that you would have it.
 That would be the morning to stress that there was a death.
 Yeah, that's a good question.
 - No, no.
 - He's absolutely right.
 - He's absolutely right.
 I was just testing you, Dan.
 And you do, you have learned the windmill language
 correctly, well done.
 - Thank you.
 And then if you were 12 o'clock and you went to say,
 like you're on your way to one o'clock,
 it's like half 12, the small hands on its way,
 that is celebration.
 We've had a baby.
 And so you would see the windmill and go,
 oh my god, they've had another baby.
 - But when it's actually working,
 do you think, baby morning?
 - Baby morning, baby morning.
 (laughing)
 - Picking your moment when to go into the house
 or the door and not be decapitated.
 But yeah, so it is not cool.
 It had its own language as well.
 - Very cool.
 And they go backwards.
 - Do they?
 - Yeah, Dutch windmills go round the wrong way.
 Or as they would see the right way, counter-clockwise.
 Whereas all windmills that are built in the modern day
 go round clockwise.
 - We know why.
 - Well, it's kind of arbitrary and not a good thing.
 So it's basically because in the '70s when everyone was getting
 the big windmill contracts,
 there was an engineer called Leif Nielsen, a Danish engineer,
 and he had a brother working at a rival windmill company.
 And his brother was going for the standard counter-clockwise
 direction, and he didn't like his brother much.
 So said, okay, I'm going to make my turbines go round clockwise.
 And then he got all the contracts
 and that's why all windmills go round clockwise today.
 - You're joking.
 - This is like Aldi Little.
 - It's all over again.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 And it's actually the worst way for them to go round
 in the Northern Hemisphere.
 - It's sick of how it's going to be worse.
 - There was a study done which showed it actually can generate
 30% more energy if they go backwards slash anti-clockwise
 because of the Coriolis effects in the Northern Hemisphere,
 which sends the little whirlwinds of air
 that the turbines generate in the opposite direction,
 it generates more energy.
 - Why don't they just put them the other way around?
 - We won't only spin them the other way round.
 - No, no, just put them in the facing the other way
 and then they'll go backwards, right?
 I'll put you in touch.
 - How do I have to do all work for the internet?
 - I read that also that a windmill can never give you
 more than 1627s of the energy of the wind.
 And this is something called Betz's limit.
 And I'd love to tell you more about it,
 but literally someone senses that fact two minutes
 before we came on stage.
 So I can really have chance to read up on it.
 But I think it's because basically the energy of the wind
 has to go through the sails.
 So if it got 100% of the energy onto it,
 it would just stop there, but they wouldn't spin round.
 So the air has to go through the same thing.
 - Okay.
 - From the one minute reading of a Wikipedia page.
 - Well, but thank you to whoever sent that in.
 - Here's a cool thing.
 First, we're more that generated electricity.
 First turbine, created by James Blithe.
 There was a professor at Glasgow College.
 It was 10 meters high.
 It was tiny.
 I mean, he used it to charge some batteries
 and at the time batteries were incredibly primitive as well.
 But two nice things about that.
 Villagers nearby thought this is the work of the devil
 and they refused to sign off on it.
 That's not one of the nice things.
 It could light up 10 light bulbs.
 That's not one of the nice things either.
 That's just an example of what size this was.
 I'm struggling to find the nice things about this now.
 No, the nice things are,
 A, he's got the national wind turbine testing facility
 named after him now.
 He's a big deal in the wind world.
 And that's where they test them to the absolute maximum.
 They sort of put them through unbelievable stress
 until they snap.
 And when they snap, you can feel an earthquake 500 meters away.
 Because these blades are so huge.
 The tips are going around at 200 miles an hour.
 Whoa.
 It's incredible.
 It's so good.
 And then they snap and you have to build a whole new one.
 Send that to the testing facility.
 Snaps, build a new one.
 How do they ever get made?
 I know, I know, but that's science for you, isn't it?
 But no, the other thing is the first ever wind powered home
 was in 1887.
 1887.
 And that means that, you know, Jack the Ripper
 could have seen a wind turbine.
 That's nice.
 That's the nice thing.
 Yeah.
 Or pick your person who was alive in 1887.
 Just anyone else.
 Queen Victoria.
 Oscar Wilde.
 All good examples.
 Someone say Gandy.
 Gandy would have been very young.
 Very young.
 But he would have been alive.
 Good point.
 T-Shay.
 T-Shay.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No, but hang on, I'm sorry to quibble,
 but you need someone who--
 because Gandy could have seen a wind turbine later on,
 you know, for the rest of his life.
 I mean, in the 30s and 40s, he could have
 seen them on a grandpa's knob.
 What we're looking for ideally is the most famous person
 who died in late 1887.
 And ideally one who didn't murder lots of people.
 Yeah, I did, he not.
 Jack the Ripper.
 No, Gandy is a great point.
 Thank you.
 So are we all clear on who could have couldn't see a wind turbine?
 Oh, good.
 That's what this room was all about.
 Scientific debate.
 And--
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that when he was a child,
 notable Royal Institution lecturer, Humphrey Davy's favorite
 hobby was to lock himself in his room
 and give hour-long talks to a bunch of empty chairs.
 This is Humphrey Davy, who is one of the most spectacular names
 ever to have walked into this building.
 An absolute juggernaut of science.
 We're going to talk about him in a second.
 But one of the things he was notable for outside of his
 discoveries was he was an astonishing lecturer.
 He delivered the most amazing lectures.
 And it turns out not only did he have an amazing love of science
 from childhood, but he also just--
 he loved having a crowd of people listen to him
 and he didn't even need the crowd.
 He just needed the idea of a crowd.
 So when he was a child, he used to go out
 and he used to gather kids at the local market
 and he would just rant at them based on anything
 that he found interesting, giving them--
 Yeah, we--
 And then back at home, he would set up those chairs.
 Yeah.
 The same children to gather at the market
 will you scream about electricity to--
 It sounds like he's a child too.
 He's a child too.
 OK, no, that is better.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But he was a really-- he was a science-minded child
 and he was always in chemicals.
 He was obsessed with them and he used to do tricks
 on his family.
 So for his sisters, he used to take chemicals
 that would be floss-rescent and at night
 when they turned the-- what, when it got dark,
 suddenly these monsters were on their bedroom wall
 that he painted on with it.
 Yeah, so he played lots of tricks with the chemicals
 even as a child.
 That's cool.
 And then he kind of went into poetry, didn't he?
 He really loved poetry when he was a young man.
 Yeah.
 And he even had some poems published by Robert Southe.
 Southe, south-eastern.
 But then what seems to have happened
 because he's from Cornwall, there was a big shipwreck.
 And on that shipwreck, there was loads of instruments
 from French surgeons and stuff.
 And then he managed to get all of these instruments
 and then started doing loads of experiments
 and then got into science afterwards.
 But he was into science, but this is where he started
 to do all of these things.
 Gosh, that's very romantic.
 Because he was from-- was it Penn's Ants, I think?
 It's a very proud son of Cornwall and all this.
 So he went to Bristol, first of all,
 to start his career.
 And this was the really first, really exciting thing.
 At the age of 20, he was in Bristol
 working for someone called Thomas Bedot, Bedos.
 And he was working on Laughing Gas.
 And he was just the sort of young man in the room
 who was, to a certain extent, a guinea pig.
 He was really interested in science.
 But--
 That is the best job ever, though, isn't it?
 When all your friends are interning at the dad's printing
 company, you're the guinea pig for Laughing Gas?
 Yeah.
 And he really got into it.
 I mean, he took a lot of Laughing Gas for a long time.
 And that was the time when he knew all these poets.
 So he knew Southe.
 He knew Samuel Taylor Colourish.
 This is all in Bristol.
 He was friends with Roger of the Soros fame.
 Yeah.
 I know.
 Do you know what?
 I read Roger's account of taking Laughing Gas.
 Because what Henry David did was, he said,
 he'd even come to all these Laughing Gas parties I'm throwing.
 But you have to write down notes of exactly how you found it.
 And so he compiled this book of all their notes.
 And Roger--
 It sounds dreadful.
 It sounds like a load of people's anecdotes about getting
 stoned, as in it sounds like--
 Oh, it's brilliant.
 I've read it.
 Yeah.
 Oh, well, maybe it's more at my street than yours,
 because it is just what you described.
 Yeah, OK.
 I suppose it's not like your mates telling you.
 It's like the greatest poets of the 90th century.
 Yeah.
 Still think drug experiences and dreams
 are the two things that are terrific in your own head
 and then kind of--
 No, it's the original--
 He was Davies, the original Aldous Huxley
 doors a perception.
 That's what he was doing.
 He was trying to show that your brain went
 into a different state of consciousness
 when you were on these things.
 And what you were opening yourself up to,
 that's the bit I can see.
 To be honest, that is the most tedious thing
 about people who've taken drugs as well.
 They talk about the Aldous States of Consciousness.
 I just want to hear that they sort of
 shat themselves in a corner at their grandma's house.
 If it's that violent, that's true, yeah.
 Which is, and rosary of the Soros fame, his account--
 well, here's what it is.
 He said, I was incapable of speaking,
 lost all consciousness of where I was.
 My whole frame was violently agitated.
 I panted violently, and my heart seemed
 to palbitate in every artery to throb with violence
 of the Soros fame.
 He said the word violent about 19 times in his account.
 He hated it.
 Most of them loved it.
 He said, I cannot remember that I experienced the least
 pleasure from these sensations.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 His colrich loved it.
 Davey really loved it.
 They got to a point where the party died down,
 and no one wanted to do it anymore,
 but he just kept doing it.
 And he went around with a sort of green silk bag
 that he would just fill up with the stuff,
 and he would go for long walks.
 And he would-- he would do it to the point where he'd pass out,
 wake up two hours later, not realizing how much he had done,
 and then get back on the horse and do it some more.
 He'd-- yeah.
 And once got that friend from Uni, haven't they?
 Sort of 10 years later, oh, you're still--
 Yeah.
 OK.
 He did move on.
 He moved to London, and he came to the Royal Institution
 and invented the minor safety lamp on the rest of his history.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, he did loads of lectures in this very room, didn't he?
 And they were so popular that the traffic around here
 got really, really busy, and they made a one-way street
 so that people could get in and out,
 and it was the first one-way street in the whole England.
 So yeah, the Royal Institution is on Album Alstree, which
 is just outside us, and so many people
 were coming horse and carriage and walking and crowding
 to see Davey speak, that they had to change the whole system
 so that they could just stop London coming to a standstill
 of the people--
 Which is actually a huge fact when you're cycling here
 on the way to a show and you're late.
 So good to know.
 I have him to blame for my near death experience today.
 He also-- he discovered five elements,
 which he showed at the Royal Institution for the first time.
 So calcium.
 Biggie.
 Biggie.
 Strontium.
 Yes, it's like B side, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Barium.
 Barium.
 Barium.
 OK.
 Unless it was Daveed after a guy called Barry.
 Yeah.
 Boron.
 Yeah?
 Magnesium.
 Biggie.
 Biggie.
 Yeah, yeah.
 These are huge.
 And but he said his greatest discovery of all
 was not a chemical.
 It was not any of the experiments.
 It was a little student called Michael Faraday.
 And Michael Faraday is also--
 Oh, good noise.
 Yeah.
 Not many rooms you'd get that noise in when you drop Faraday's
 name.
 Faraday had come to a bunch of lectures
 that he'd seen Davey do when he was younger.
 And he scribbled down this big booklet of ideas and so on.
 And he sent it to Davey.
 And Davey saw so much potential that he brought him in.
 But Faraday is also one of the great giants of this room.
 Didn't Davey have a big accident or something?
 He was working with nitrogen trichloride, which
 is a huge explosive, and it exploded in his face.
 And he went partially blind for quite a long time.
 And he needed a helper.
 And that's when he brought Faraday in to help him.
 So this one big accident was what brought them together,
 to work together, what really gave us Faraday.
 He was reckless, I would say.
 He used to shut himself in a box with the gases
 he was inhaling to make sure he got the most intense high
 possible.
 And there was one time when he sent all of his servants away,
 because he just wanted to, if you're having a big high,
 you want to enjoy it by yourself alone.
 And one of his servants didn't get that I'm told.
 One of his servants didn't get the memo,
 didn't realize that they'd all been dismissed.
 And so he came to see if Humphrey wanted a cigar or something.
 Came and found him in this shut box
 that Humphrey built for himself, specifically, completely
 unconscious, asphyxiaating, and dragged him out.
 And he would have died had this servant not rescued him.
 So he did take self-experimentation
 to someone say quite stupid limits.
 But can we say the thing about the safety lamp
 where he saved a lot of lives?
 This is incredible.
 So miners were dying by the dozen,
 and in fact, many more than that, due to something
 called fire damp, which we would call methane.
 We have these pockets of methane underground that catch fire.
 And the only way of lighting your mine underground
 is with candles.
 So there's a huge problem.
 And I think it was about two weeks on the problem
 before designing a lamp.
 And there was a bit of debate about whether there
 was a different kind of lamp.
 Stevenson of Rocket fame came up with another version of one.
 But this-- from what it looks like, this was definitely
 was Davies invention.
 And it's basically just to find sort of cylinder of gauze
 around the light that you're using.
 And kind of in closes the light, doesn't it?
 Yeah, you still get the light, but you don't get the methane
 exploding, even if you're in a dangerous area.
 And he refused to patent it, which was very exciting.
 And I think for over a century, coal miners
 carried these things and did not die due to that--
 at least due to methane.
 They died plenty of other things.
 And what this did was it made deeper
 and bigger seams of coal accessible.
 And a lot of the industrial revolution
 was powered by miners being able to access lots more coal.
 So that huge change in the world was at least partly thanks
 to Davies' lamp.
 But did any of you think that it's quite basic?
 It's literally all he does is put--
 is like you put a sieve over a candle.
 That's all it is.
 Miners are going into mines.
 Candles are causing explosions.
 And Davies says, you know what, if you put a sieve over this,
 the metal gauze, because it's metal, it absorbs all the heat.
 So you don't have the heat for that big explosion.
 And that's it.
 Put a sieve over it.
 So the best ideas do seem simple.
 Once they've been discovered, right?
 I just reckon I would have come up with that in my kitchen
 at some point.
 I'm not.
 Are you sure?
 I can't be 100% but--
 [LAUGHTER]
 I just think, yeah, combining it with any utensil in your house,
 I wouldn't think of the sieve, first of all.
 Have we invented the sieve at this point?
 Yeah, the sieve wasn't--
 Ooh.
 Ooh.
 Oh my god.
 No, I didn't invent the sieve, because then the headline
 would have been, "Sive, man."
 "Sive, man, it does."
 "Sive, man, it helps with coal mine stuff."
 When was the sieve around?
 When was the sieve?
 Who came first?
 Gandhi or the sieve?
 That's what I want to know.
 [LAUGHTER]
 No one knows.
 No one knows?
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Can we make one as wife as well?
 Yeah, of course.
 So if you married a very wealthy air ass,
 the done thing at the time, Jane, a priest,
 and she is responsible for a very interesting bit
 of his story, because he went on
 with a very dangerous journey in 1813.
 So what's going on in 1813?
 Probably fighting the French.
 Fighting the French.
 Fighting the French.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You said that a little bit too enthusiastically.
 I'm afraid.
 I will serve, if called.
 And only if it was the French.
 It was the French, I'm not--
 Yeah.
 Just to limit it.
 Yeah.
 So there was a thing called the pre-Dougalvanisme,
 created in 1801, by Napoleon Bonaparte,
 which was a prize for scientific advances.
 He had won it, and in 1813--
 so really, Napoleon's master of Moscow
 has just ended catastrophically.
 We're gearing up for Waterloo.
 It's a great time.
 Davey and his wife, Jaina Priest,
 and Faraday went to Brittany to present themselves
 to Napoleon to pick up the medal and the track.
 They were arrested mistakenly when they got there.
 So this was quite a perilous trip they made,
 but they did make it, got the gong and the money and all of that.
 But there was a really big appeal a few years ago
 by the Royal Society of Chemistry saying, where is this medal?
 And it turned out that Jane, his widow,
 had been so embarrassed to have this French medal
 and the French money in the house
 that she had hurled it into the sea off the Cornish coast
 after he died.
 They knew roughly where they had done it,
 and they spent four days diving in--
 I think it was 2013.
 They did this.
 Really?
 Well, 2014, yeah, they didn't find it, obviously, because, you know--
 Sorry, it's very hard to find, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, but it looked--
 So it might be out there.
 There still might be--
 It's still definitely out there.
 Wow, the Davy treasure.
 That's cool.
 Find it.
 Go and find it.
 He actually was very much against the French, though,
 wasn't he, Davy, I think?
 Good lab.
 Sorry.
 Sorry.
 I'll tell you what.
 You know what, over the last two or three weeks,
 we've been talking about football every single day,
 and Andy has not been interested until we
 said that we beat France.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But no, he went to the Louvre, and then he
 wrote back to his friend, Soniais, all right?
 It's just full of stuff that Napoleon stole, isn't it?
 All right, yeah.
 He went to-- there was an anti-British play on at the time,
 and he went and sort of sat in the back and watched
 to see what they were saying about us.
 And the main thing was, there's another chemist called La Voixier,
 and La Voixier had done all this stuff
 about the science of heat.
 And Davy disagreed with La Voixier's theories.
 And in the end, he managed to prove it.
 And when he proved it, in his paper,
 he was just all about how the French were.
 So dogmatic about their ideas and how we finally proven them wrong.
 And so, yeah, he was just like a real--
 he was like the Andrew Hunter Murray of his day.
 Wow.
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that it's not as foggy as it used to be.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There's a fact or a conversation open.
 It's such a boomer opinion to have.
 I'm not saying you're a boomer, I'm just saying.
 Oh, yeah, that's got daily express article written all over it,
 like, what's wrong with a bit of good old British fog, you know?
 And it's the immigrants fault.
 Yeah, it's great.
 And you know what, the young people couldn't handle it anyway.
 I don't think it would be in the express
 because it's probably due to climate change.
 Oh, OK.
 So, yeah, this is quite a few studies
 have been done over the last few years,
 and every single one shows a big decrease in fog.
 2009 studies showed that in Europe, there is a 50% drop
 in low visibility events, which just is fog mist,
 haze, all of that stuff, since the 1970s.
 And in 2010, the back of the university looked at America,
 and they found that fog has declined 33% since 1951.
 What it seems is that basically climate change
 means that as the oceans warm, the conditions
 you need for sea fog, especially, you need like a cold water
 surface in order to the fog to form,
 because it's when the warmer from the water kind of hits the land,
 you just don't really get those conditions anymore.
 So we just get less fog than we used to, and it's important.
 Fog is the new moss.
 I mean, fog is really important.
 So there's lots of crops which use fog in places
 where it doesn't rain so much.
 For instance, in California, where they make lots of letters,
 or they make lots of strawberries, is the fog which nourishes them
 and keeps them hydrated.
 And in cities, the fog can sort of move away pollutants
 from the air, so it's really useful there as well.
 We need our fog, and it's all going.
 Why isn't that the fog?
 It's really important as well for London tourism.
 As early as the 1970s, the tourist board would urge Americans
 to come to England and to London in particular
 when it was winter, so that it would be at its foggiest,
 because Americans love foggy London.
 Americans write in, if you agree with this.
 There might have changed recently, but it certainly was,
 and there were massive, so don't ask anyone.
 Don't ask anyone, just believe me.
 If you want, if you're American, you come to London,
 and you want to see the London of Sherlock Holmes,
 or the London of Henry Davies, it's going to be like that kind.
 You know who else loves a bit of London Vogue?
 Jack The Ripper.
 Keen, very keen.
 But there was a company in America that did codes, still do codes.
 I think they were called London Town initially.
 They changed their name to London Fog.
 But I think that's because it was famous back in the day.
 But the '70s, it was gone.
 Poor. We nailed it.
 This was the big smog, wasn't it?
 That was, yeah, Victorian era, start of the 20th century.
 Bit of a disaster in London.
 No one could see anything.
 Americans flocked, because Tomas Cook organized
 four holidays, apparently.
 But it was, so I think that was quite bad.
 And then we had the Clean Air Act in 1956,
 which is kind of an amazing success story,
 which basically sorted it out.
 But it was a massive issue before that.
 And it was particularly an issue for Hollywood, in fact,
 and for filmmakers.
 So it wasn't just bound for filming outdoors.
 It would get inside film studios in London,
 because it was so much of it.
 And they didn't know how to get rid of it.
 So some films in the 1920s that were shot in London
 had to shoot at night, because you know,
 you can penetrate darkness with a light.
 But you can't penetrate it.
 As anyone who's ever tried to tell on Fog Light's nose,
 when they do fuck all.
 Anyone knows that you can't penetrate Fog with any light.
 So if you wanted to film something, then you had to film it at night.
 So film schedules would be from 9 p.m. until 6 a.m.
 Oh my god, it was mad.
 Alfred Hitchcock's first ever full length film
 was called The Lodger, a story of the London Fog.
 It was a bit, it was a big bit of brand Britain.
 Certainly London, actually.
 And, you know, any other big industrial cities,
 because we've, I think we might have mentioned before,
 the London particular was a term for the Fog.
 But there was also the Manchester Entire.
 You know where you just couldn't see anything in Manchester.
 Oh, Andy Burnham, stop trying to make it happen.
 It is incredible reading about it now,
 like just how thick the air was.
 So in 1901, not far from here in Piccadilly Circus,
 they needed to turn the lights on in Piccadilly,
 even though the sun was shining, and it was daytime.
 It was so foggy, you couldn't see where you were going,
 you couldn't see to drive around.
 Sometimes you would be standing by the window during the day
 and you couldn't read a book.
 I mean, it was, it was so foggy, it was, it was cold.
 Basically, every home was heated by coal.
 There were big coal power plants in the centre of town.
 It was cold, cold, cold.
 But the cool thing was, fog changed colour.
 You could tell what time of day it was by the colour of the fog.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So yellow in the morning,
 because people are burning coal to the homes and all of this
 and the tar in particular made it yellow.
 Later in the day when the industry's got going,
 trains and ships, it would turn dark brown.
 None of these are nice colours.
 No, they're not.
 OK, well, there were green fogs, purple fogs, black fogs.
 But it was just such a mega thing.
 And how precise was this?
 Because you say to someone, "I'll meet you at yellow o'clock."
 Yeah, definitely.
 And half past purple.
 Sadly, you can't see where the fuck you're going.
 But, is this more smog than fog?
 I thought fog was just water.
 Pure fog.
 I think so, yeah.
 This was smog for sure.
 It was combined, wasn't it?
 It's like foggy and then with a lot of glitter.
 You do get super fog,
 which is even foggy of the normal fog.
 And even foggy of the city.
 It happens if there's like forest fires and stuff
 because water vapor condenses onto the smoke particles.
 And so the reason that anas fog lights don't work
 is because the light goes in,
 but then it's dissipated by all the tiny little water particles.
 But in the super fog, it dissipates it even more.
 And so you literally can't see anything.
 It just, you're driving along.
 There's a little bit of fog.
 And then suddenly it just goes dark, completely black.
 You can't see a single thing.
 And loads of accidents because of that.
 Gosh.
 Oh wow.
 It's black.
 Black fog.
 So you were pro fog before, but now we're...
 I think fog is, it's got many facets.
 It's like there's lots of advantages to it.
 So I said before that it can clean the cities.
 It turns out the fog is alive.
 And if it is, so it is.
 In what way?
 So there's bacteria in the fog.
 And if you take a thimbleful of fog of water,
 it has about 10 million bacteria,
 which is the same as if you took the average bit of seawater.
 So it's all really dissipated.
 Yes, it's all really dissipated,
 but the actual amount of bacteria and there is the same.
 And this bacteria, they eat the chemicals.
 Things like full maldehyde, which is in the air,
 which is very bad for you.
 The bacteria can eat that and turn it into things that aren't bad for you.
 So that's why they get rid of all of these chemicals from our air.
 Right.
 Okay.
 You get things like fog catchers now.
 Humans like the crocodile hunter.
 You get fog hunter.
 So there's a guy called Abel Cruz
 and imperuble of you and so on
 where they don't have necessarily access to clean water.
 He's worked a system of nets that are up at night
 and they collect the fog water as it's coming through.
 That's how a lot of places are now getting their drinking water.
 Although they seem to have had trouble scaling it up.
 I couldn't find anywhere that's really done it on a big scale.
 And so the only useful version I found of fog catchers
 was in San Francisco, where in 2016 they worked out to turn fog into vodka.
 Which you can buy.
 And this is a project of a non-profit, actually,
 which claims to be trying to provide water to developing countries.
 But it took some time out to collect fog in San Francisco.
 With, yeah, it looks like two gold posts with a net in between.
 Catchers the fog and then collects them and then turns it into water.
 And the fog catcher on that project was called Chris Fogliotti.
 Oh, come on.
 Why would there be an international agreement on what fog is?
 There's an international definition of fog.
 Okay, why do we have that?
 Something else has to be standardised which fog is important for.
 So it's the strength of your fog lights in your car,
 so they're the same in every car in the world.
 To do with transport?
 Is it to do with shipping?
 It's not to do with shipping.
 To do with airplanes.
 To do with airplanes.
 Okay.
 Oh, so when you're allowed to fly versus not because you're allowed to fly?
 Ah, god damn it.
 So that's just for aviation.
 Yeah.
 You just got to wait at the backchains and let everyone do the work.
 But there is this tool.
 So basically, yeah, that's it.
 Just if it's foggy, you know, you can't land safely on a runway.
 And they've got, they've got some tools to do with it now.
 But there was a great tool invented way back then.
 I think this might have been before the Second World War.
 Called the fog investigation and dispersal operation,
 Fido for short.
 And it was designed to just clear fog off airfields
 so that planes could land safely.
 And it's basically two pipelines going along the runway.
 And you just produce a wall of flame.
 Like, oh, cool.
 It is quite rock and roll.
 And it's just the standard fighter system.
 Apparently, you used 100,000 gallons of fuel every hour.
 So it's, wow.
 Bit of a luxury.
 It's a bit of a treat.
 More if it's a long runway.
 But the amount of money it saved by having a plane
 not crashing into the ground was probably, you know, made it useful for a while.
 So that's what reassuring a pilot.
 If you're flying towards the runway and there's a huge wall of fire in front of you,
 you know, you're good to go.
 Yeah.
 It did decide a crucial thing in the 15th century.
 And I think you might have had an opinion about this, James,
 because it was in the Wars of the Roses.
 And it cemented a Yorkist victory.
 It was one of the most important victories.
 It was the Battle of Barnett.
 I've gone off a little bit.
 I thought you might.
 Yeah, this is Battle of Barnett.
 And it was King Edward IV of York versus
 Earl of Bork, who was Lancasterian.
 And there was very thick fog.
 And this screwed things up in various ways.
 One of the ways was the armies didn't line up right against each other,
 which I find kind of amazing anyway,
 that you like, organize at the start of battle and be like,
 okay, your furthest left man has to be exactly opposite our furthest right guy.
 And they weren't lined up.
 This meant when they charged towards each other,
 one side of the army totally surrounded the other.
 And we're like, oh my god, we're winning this.
 But the other side of that army totally surrounded them.
 And they're, oh my god, we're winning this.
 And because it's foggy, they can't see the other side of their line.
 So they don't know they're losing on the other side.
 This is like a Doatsy Doe.
 It was very much the country dancing of the 1400s, yes.
 So what?
 What is War but a Kaley?
 So eventually this, it was all chaos for a long time.
 And then eventually at one point, one of the sides, I think it was Warwick side,
 sort of went off the battlefield and tried to regroup.
 The problem was they had in their heraldry a picture of stars and streamers
 and King Edward had a sun in sort of spender.
 And they look in very thick fog, very similar.
 And so Warwick's men all started firing on themselves and killed each other.
 No.
 Without Edward really having to do anything.
 And then there we go.
 And that led to the Yorkers being in charge for decade or two.
 So there you go, fog.
 Is your enemy James?
 We should move on, guys, to our final fact.
 I got one more thing about climate change and things that are changing.
 So snow shoe has, they have a little trick.
 So in the winter, they're white.
 And in the spring, they turn brown.
 For camouflage, obviously.
 So they can camouflage in the snow.
 Unfortunately, due to climate change,
 the snow is not around as long as it used to be.
 And so for a certain amount of the year,
 they're bright white, but there's no snow to camouflage.
 And the guy who has read an article about a guy called Alex Kumar
 says that they act like you can't see them.
 They're stuck there.
 And they're thinking, nah, nah, you can't see me.
 But actually, everyone can see exactly what's happening.
 Wow, they are not long for this world. If you want to see them, get them first.
 As I buy three-year-old plague-hide and seek,
 when you walk at the roof, they're hiding behind a lamp that's just literally holding it.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that in 2024, Google was fined more than the world's total GDP.
 A lot more.
 Good fact, yeah.
 Do it again.
 You want them to double it?
 Yes.
 It's okay, right?
 Well, they are doubling it.
 Or they?
 They are indeed.
 Yes, yes.
 So this is a Russian court which had fined Google to undecillion rubles.
 Which is a two-followed by 36 zeros.
 As I'm sure you know, it's $20 decillion US dollars.
 If you're interested.
 And it's for restricting Russian state media channels on Google services.
 Still think it's good, Andy?
 I have a general opinion about it.
 I did read an article about it saying it's $20 decillion dollars.
 Brackets $15.4 decillion pounds.
 Yes.
 Oh, right.
 Imagine being sued for amounts.
 You've never heard of before.
 Yeah, it doesn't feel good.
 I didn't know if decillion existed.
 There was a guy from the Kremlin, Dimitri Peskov,
 who said, "I cannot even pronounce this number."
 Which is weird, because a Russian for undecillion is undecillion.
 Oh, okay.
 So I believe it's more dollars
 than there are grains of sand on Earth.
 Yes.
 Really?
 And the article that Anna sent round
 said that it was whatever undecilling it was.
 But it was doubling every single day.
 Yes, it was way more now.
 I mean, it's way more now.
 According to my calculation,
 this was when I did it a few days ago.
 So it's doubled a few times since then.
 The current fine is two times 10 to the 225 rubles.
 Oh, no.
 So if you were to take every atom in the universe
 and every single atom had another universe in it
 and every single atom in that universe had another universe attached to it
 then the total number of atoms that you have
 would be nowhere near this number.
 And that's why you've got to pay in the first 14 days.
 Wow.
 So are they going to do like a payment plan?
 What's the...
 It's hard to know.
 I think they have to earn over a certain amount in their salary before they start.
 I think they just wait until the rubble collapses by so much
 that it's actually just about 20 quid.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It did start off much more reasonable, as you say.
 It started off as 91.5 quintillion rubles.
 And yeah, nice.
 What was it?
 Was it for something?
 Sorry.
 According to Russia, they were deliberately not allowing people
 to see Russian news on Google searches.
 Yeah, so it's barring a lot of Russian sites.
 And it was coinciding with the war in Ukraine
 and Google saying that there's a lot of misinformation out there
 that it was blocking because Google doesn't like misinformation to spread.
 And Google's subsidiary has gone bankrupt in Russia
 as a result of all these massive debts that they're being asked to pay.
 And they've got quite basic functionality there,
 but I don't think the Kremlin really minds.
 So we're at a bit of a stalemate.
 So does it do find work?
 Is the question...
 It feels like at that level you're starting to not work, doesn't it?
 But they certainly have worked with the EU and tech companies.
 In fact, do you know who has been the only sort of barrier
 between tech companies going completely and saying and doing whatever the hell they want?
 I'm going to say it's a single person, this is my claim.
 It's not Nick Clegg.
 It's Cleggie.
 No, he's got nothing to do with it.
 It's Morgan.
 Do you guys know that he's so Morgan?
 Danish detective?
 Well, Danish prime minister.
 Danish prime minister.
 But yeah, Morgan has been holding back Google.
 And this is all...
 Well, because the character in it who's budgeted Nijborg,
 who is the prime minister, is based on this woman called Marguerite Vesteja.
 And she was EU's anti-trust chief from 2014 to 2024.
 And she was the person who basically led the charge
 preventing tech monopolies.
 So as soon as there was any kind of like,
 online rigging that Google was doing to rig things in its favor,
 as soon as there's any anti-competitive stuff,
 she brought lawsuits against them, against Google, Apple, Amazon,
 X starbucks, IKEA, Gazprom.
 I feel like IKEA is kind of the good guy in there, actually.
 But it's made a huge difference to them.
 Just this woman and a large team of people also in the EU.
 Yeah.
 But leading the charge.
 That's cool.
 And prime minister of a fictional country at the same time, so...
 That's very cool.
 You asked whether fines work, Andy.
 Sometimes they do.
 Sometimes they don't, I think, as the answer.
 If you find people for being late,
 let's say, for instance, you are late picking your child up from the nursery.
 And it means that the teachers have to stay a little bit longer,
 everyone's a little bit annoyed, so you get told off.
 Or they change it, so you don't get told off anymore,
 but you get to fine.
 It turns out people are way more likely to accept the fine,
 and then just be late anyway.
 And the reason is they kind of see it as an exchange of money for time.
 And people think, well, you know what?
 I'm paying a little bit of a fine,
 so it's actually no problem, if I'm late, because at least I...
 I'm paying, I'm paying, but I'm buying the right to be a bit late.
 Exactly. And you're not allowed to be cross with me, because you're finding me.
 That's the idea.
 And people are more unhappy about someone very cross from the nursery.
 Definitely. Yeah, especially because I've told you,
 you can just tie it to the railing outside and leave for there.
 The lug she has a little bowl of water, don't you think?
 I've got a show to do in London.
 So this is the really interesting thing.
 Yes, there have been lots of studies of whether fines have any power,
 and it's because, you know, you need to calculate the cross section between the chance of being caught
 and how severe the punishment is if you are caught,
 and lots of firms, especially the huge firms, treat it as the cost of doing business.
 You know, well, we may as well, we know that they won't find us much more than this,
 even if we are caught, therefore there's no real incentive to change.
 Yeah. So I think unpredictable fines are maybe the way to go.
 Oh, yeah. So, okay, so I'm caught speeding.
 Yeah.
 And I get the letter through the post.
 Two million quid fines.
 Oh.
 I was hoping it was going to be 10p.
 Yeah. Well, no, I'll have been spitting out of the box.
 I think there would be a case to be made for chaos fines where it could go really badly.
 What's the what's the country where the fine is?
 There's a couple, there's Switzerland and Finland, I think,
 two of the ones that do it.
 You need proportional to your income, yeah, proportional to your income.
 And also they increase it based on various other fun factors,
 so you get to kind of spin the wheel.
 Have you been fine before recently?
 Bigger fine.
 Do you earn a lot of money? Bigger fine.
 So I think the biggest fine ever was a Swiss driver.
 This was a couple of years ago.
 And he was caught going at two hundred and ninety kilometers an hour.
 So actually not that much in miles and a half.
 Was he going directly off one of the mountains?
 I think he got done for just over one million euros.
 Yeah. That's right.
 Well, exactly.
 Did he do it again?
 I don't know, but it doesn't matter. We've got a million euros now for the Swiss government.
 So I think, yeah, I think that is a good case to be made for that.
 Yeah.
 In fact, there was a guy in Finland, the other place it does it.
 A guy in 2023 called Anders Wichloff, who was only driving at 51 miles an hour.
 So it does feel like this guy driving at 180 miles an hour, it was.
 Has done a big one.
 What's the limit, though?
 This guy, oh, yeah, this guy was going at two hundred and ninety kilometers an hour.
 He was actually at two hundred and eighty zone.
 So he was only.
 Yeah, you're right.
 This was obviously in like a 31 mile an hour speed limit, converted to kilometers an hour.
 He was fined 121,000 euros.
 He'd been fined before in 2018.
 He'd been fined 63,000 euros and he'd been fined 95,000 in 2013.
 And he was asked in 2023, you know, how he felt about this 121 grand he'd lost again.
 And he said, look, I've heard the government wants to save some money on healthcare.
 So I hope my money can help fill a gap.
 Okay.
 There you go.
 Isn't that nice?
 It was good.
 You do read about some finds that I do think like James is saying, oh, yeah, it's worth it.
 It's worth it to pay it.
 I was reading a story about a guy in Portsmouth who went around Portsmouth's cemetery
 with his arms in the air pretending to be a ghost going, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo.
 And he got fined 75 pounds.
 Why?
 He was doing it while people were mourning. Yeah, okay. There's my contacts, mother monster, that's yeah.
 But a fine feels a bit. Yeah.
 Well, what would you do?
 Well, right, I'd say a letter of apology.
 Okay.
 I think that's a good letter of apology is another good one, you know?
 And it's okay.
 I'd say...
 Green Ups.
 Yeah, for grown-ups.
 Right, okay.
 Everyone's busy, you know, it's got time to write a bloody letter.
 It's a huge pain in the ass.
 I suppose whether it's bank transfer is just a click of a button and you're there.
 Exactly, having to write two sides, you're not allowed to do double spacing either.
 Suddenly, people are thinking before they get the sheet on and run around,
 porcelain cemetery.
 But you could use up a lot of the space on the page by saying,
 "I'm sorry," I said,
 That's a good point.
 So, how much was this guy fined?
 75 pounds.
 Okay, more or less for this fine.
 Roy Marsh was sitting by a boating lake in Lincolnshire
 when a gust of wind blew a bit of grass into his mouth
 and he spat it out and two enforcement officers immediately approached him
 and told him they'd seen him spitting on the ground.
 More or less is 75 quid.
 I think a spot for spitting.
 Oh, this is...
 Oh, wow.
 That's a gruesy moment.
 I think we've got something here.
 This is a format.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So, the room is saying more?
 I think more.
 Yeah, more.
 We all think more.
 Okay, the answer is more.
 Oh!
 300 pounds.
 300.
 Yeah, wow.
 They didn't think it was that much.
 Sorry, did someone say more often?
 Okay, more or less than 300 pounds,
 a Florida priest was fined for feeding the homeless.
 They're just paying for blood here.
 That sounds...
 It sounds punitive.
 The way you guys are screaming it, yeah.
 So, they're saying more in the room.
 Less, I'll go less.
 Also more.
 This one.
 More.
 Okay, so you said more, you said more.
 It is more.
 But I'll just to make it sort of
 still a bit of a competition.
 How much more?
 Two million pounds.
 Ah, good. Like, 50 quid more.
 Dan is just closer.
 Oh!
 Because he was fined more than $500,000.
 Wow.
 Because a bit like this Russian fine,
 it kind of just went up and up and up.
 And he was doing it every single day for quite a few years.
 Why was it not allowed?
 It was in an area that was not where his church was.
 And the annoying thing was,
 it's the area where his church used to be.
 And then it got rezoned.
 And he carried on feeding the people in that zone.
 And they said, "You're not allowed to do it."
 And he got fined for every single day they did it.
 And it racked up to half a million dollars.
 You, where's this?
 Where'd you get fined for feeding homeless people?
 This is in Florida.
 Wow.
 Everyone's going, "Yeah, that's Jackson."
 Okay.
 It's amazing.
 Do you know Freddie Flintoff,
 when he was an England cricketer?
 He once got fined 2,000 pounds because he was scared by a ghost.
 Was he in Porsmouth's Dermetry at the time?
 Yeah.
 Because Porsmouth Council, they're cleaning up here.
 They really are, at the end of the transaction.
 No, he was in, he was in Zimbabwe at the time.
 They were playing a game overseas.
 And Mal Lawy, is that his name?
 Do you know him, James?
 He starts telling ghost stories and Freddie gets freaked out
 because he doesn't like ghosts.
 And so he runs off to his friends room, he's called Vikram.
 Vikram's very religious and the logic was that maybe ghosts
 won't go near him because he's very religious.
 So then he couldn't go to sleep.
 Both of them were freaked out.
 They then sleep in and they're late for practice.
 And so they get fined 2,000 pounds because they were late for practice.
 All because this ghost was freaking them out.
 But according to Freddie, Mal got in trouble as well and fined
 for telling a ghost story that scared Freddie.
 Yeah, that's not fair.
 So you just don't tell ghost stories to our key player
 who's terrified of them?
 I can, knowing Freddie Flint's have,
 I can imagine the worst spirits involved somewhere.
 We got to wrap up very soon.
 Can I briefly talk about the greatest finding nation in Europe?
 Sure.
 I hate to give it to him, it's the French.
 They are so good at finding you for minor social infractions.
 It's unbelievable.
 So there's all sorts of people,
 especially on the French trains.
 They have very strict rules and they have lots of enforcement people.
 So there have been French pilgrims who were fined by police
 for doing some chanting in Latin at a station,
 having been to a cathedral.
 There was a middle-aged man who was fined 200 euros,
 quite recently, for just having a call on loudspeaker
 in a train station, not even on a train.
 OK, OK, OK.
 This is how the revolution started, guys.
 All right, he's not missing.
 And five officers approached him and they said they'd...
 People just want social norms observed and quite right.
 There was... OK, we'll see what you think of this one, guys.
 Oh, my God.
 As a French woman was fined, 110...
 Cool.
 Oh, oh, oh, oh.
 But you have to wait, OK?
 There was a French woman who was fined 110 euros,
 because her cat meowed too loudly.
 LAUGHTER
 On a high speed train, despite the fact the cat had a ticket.
 LAUGHTER
 That's it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you for being here, everyone, in this amazing room.
 And we're going to be back again next week with more.
 No such thing as a fish from the Royal Institution.
 So we'll see you again.
 Goodbye, everyone.
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
