 Hi everybody, just before we start this show we wanted to let you know that we are going
 to be doing a live show in London and yet also all around the world.
 Anna it's impossible, you can't be in two places at once.
 Oh well, let me introduce you to a little something called the Interweb.
 On the 9th of September we will be doing a live podcast at Kings Place in London, but
 there are endless tickets available for you to be in a virtual audience.
 Yes, we could make this the largest mass gathering of people ever.
 We could. We won't, but we could.
 If just one person in 12 joins this event we will have, what's that, 500 million people
 more at the event?
 Yeah, I think that's likely actually.
 Can you imagine it?
 Yeah.
 OK, how do you become part of the 500 million, Andy?
 It's so easy.
 It's so easy.
 Just go to knowsuchthingasafish.com/live and then you will be part of the greatest mass
 event in global history.
 It's also going to be a really fun show.
 We are going to be performing a live episode of the podcast, all your favourite characters
 are going to be there.
 Dan, James, Anna, Andy, Raoul who sits in the corner and hasn't said anything for 400
 episodes.
 We're all going to be there.
 He's always been my favourite though.
 Good old Raoul.
 So yeah, they always are really fun.
 We're really looking forward to getting back on the road and doing live shows.
 Please join us for them at knowsuchthingasafish.com/live.
 OK, on with the show.
 Come with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of knowsuchthingasafish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the
 QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with James Harkin, Anna Tyshinski and Andrew Hunter Murray and once
 again we have gathered round the microphones with our four favourite facts from the last
 seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that is Andy.
 My fact is that Charles Darwin kept a pet bug so he could see how long it lasted on
 a meal of blood.
 Who's blood?
 So I went to Charles Darwin's house recently which is called Down House and it's amazing.
 It's really great because they preserved it almost exactly as it was when he was living
 there because it was his, then it passed to his and his wife's children and then it became
 a museum.
 So they've got the chair he wrote the original species in.
 They've got all of his little experiments in the garden and there was a board up which
 said that it seemed to imply that it was his blood.
 Actually I think it was he got the bug to drink someone else's blood and then just monitored
 the bug.
 Did you just drag people off the street?
 He was on the voyage of the Beagle at the time because the voyage took years.
 You need company on that kind of thing.
 A pet's a good idea.
 It's a really good idea.
 Exactly.
 Do we know what this bug is by the way?
 We do.
 It's called the Vincuca now or at the time he called it the Bencuca and it's called
 the kissing bug or the assassin bug and it crawls all over your body and then drinks
 your blood.
 So he put it on the table and from the account he got some sailors on the boat to offer their
 fingers to the bug and he said that it would immediately protrude its sucker, make a charge
 and if allowed draw blood and then in ten minutes it went from being completely flat
 to being globular and that this one feast kept it fat during four whole months.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's pretty good.
 Is that the one that he got Shaggers disease from?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is of all the bugs that you could keep as a pet.
 This is the one where by it's yeah it's the worst.
 Mosquito.
 Mosquito is bad but this is the one where it's got that longevity thing where if you
 get bitten by it and the sort of whatever saliva goes into your body twenty years later
 you might have heart conditions.
 So he had incredibly poor health for the last few decades of his life.
 Really terrible digestion and just awful health and we think it may be, it's not completely
 sure what it was but there's a really strong theory that it was his pet, Shaggers disease
 from his pet bug.
 And when I say Shaggers disease it's C-H-A-G-A-S, isn't it?
 Exactly.
 But it's, I pronounce it Shaggers.
 It's much more funny to pronounce it Shaggers disease.
 Cause you could go do a sex addict meeting but you thought you were going to a Shaggers
 disease meeting.
 It's just cool to say at the pub isn't it?
 Got Shaggers disease.
 Yeah.
 How did you catch it?
 Yeah.
 Off an insect.
 I'll be dead in a couple of years.
 Did he have a name for the pet?
 No.
 I don't think he named the pet.
 And again, this brings into question.
 Is it a pet?
 Did he take it for walks?
 It seems very unlikely.
 But a cat is a pet and you don't take that for a walk normally.
 Did it sit on his lap while he watched Telly?
 What was the age he didn't just aloofly walk away from him all the time like my cat does?
 Pet.
 Exactly.
 Did it show no emotional interest?
 Pet.
 It was a cat.
 Effectively he turns out he had a cat.
 But if he got Shaggers disease from it, it does imply that he did experiment on it himself,
 right?
 It may have been one of its many rival colleague bugs, which actually gave him the disease.
 But he may also have, he probably did let it, let it feed.
 He did.
 It was on that trips, which he wrote in his voyage of the Beagle Diary that there was
 a night where there was an attack of these kind of bugs where he was bitten.
 So I don't think it was necessarily his pet that went for him as opposed to a whole swarm
 in the middle of the night.
 Yeah.
 It is a really cool house.
 But he had his desk chair, like so many animals, evolved to meet his needs.
 As in it gave birth to other desk chairs, some of which died because they weren't adapted
 well enough to the environment.
 Or did he intelligently design it to change it?
 Oh my God, he absolutely, he actually did.
 He actually designed it.
 He, yeah.
 He disproved himself.
 It was a big comfy chair and he had a board across it so he could sit in basically a lovely
 big armchair, but also right.
 I think we said it had wheels.
 It had wheels.
 Office chair.
 They loved tampering with furniture because we've actually mentioned years ago that Erasmus
 Darwin, his grandfather, adjusted a table to accommodate his fat stomach, don't they?
 Yes, kind of holding it.
 Yeah.
 Well, they were part of the Wedgwood family.
 Yes.
 So they liked interiors.
 Oh yeah.
 What's that?
 On that side of the family?
 No, it was his wife, wasn't it?
 But I just remembered they were cousins here and his wife, so actually both sides of the
 family.
 Yeah.
 So you said it lasted four months, right?
 Yeah.
 And a lot of blood suckers.
 Right.
 But they do last a very long time, most of them, on very small amounts of blood.
 Well, the little blood suckers.
 So I think you can get lice that last like a year on one blood meal.
 Wow.
 And leeches.
 So we breed leeches.
 Actually, Wales has the world's biggest leech breeding farm for medical purposes, the vast
 majority of the world's leeches that are used in medicine.
 And they don't put that in the tourist information.
 No, no, why not?
 I think they should.
 Why did they choose the dragon as their animal?
 Leech?
 Dragons don't even exist.
 Right.
 Good point.
 And leech is much easier to draw.
 Yes.
 Looks a bit like a poo though.
 On the flag.
 Yeah.
 You don't want that to be...
 If you draw the serrated teeth and the slobbering fangs, I think it'll make clearer that it's
 a leech.
 Yeah.
 On the flag.
 Do you think?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's like if you put eyes on a poo, it still looks like a poo, as emojis have showed us.
 That's true.
 I think if you've got the leech latched into a human vein.
 That's a great idea.
 Yeah.
 That's a nice logo for a country.
 They put the back off it so that it just keeps sucking and the blood pours out of its rectum.
 Why?
 Why is it a severed leech?
 Well, that's what they do with leeches, isn't it?
 When you have blood-sucking leeches, if you're a guy from the 16th century or something,
 a doctor, you put a leech on them and you cut the end off and they just keep eating,
 I think so.
 Oh, wow.
 Because they don't know they're full.
 I'm going off memory, so I might be completely wrong.
 They're not full.
 They're empty.
 You're emptying them out.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's like, you know, when people pack two cases to go on holiday, but you don't want
 them to go in Austin Powers, for instance, as they close and you take them out.
 Oh, I see.
 You don't cut a hole in the suitcase.
 No, no.
 They get pissed off about that.
 Wait, so could you bleed to death if you had an anus-less leech?
 No.
 I think your body would create enough blood.
 Okay.
 Your body has a lot of blood.
 Yeah.
 It would take a long time and a lot of leeches.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Still quite amazing.
 My cat, I have to feed it every day.
 Hmm.
 How long did that bug say?
 One year without a meal.
 Yeah, you can go one year without a meal.
 These leeches, they get fed sheep's blood every six months on the farm, which is not,
 I guess there's probably just one sheep and every six months it gets a call and is like,
 "It's your day today."
 No.
 Oh, no.
 That's all right.
 It's only twice a year.
 I think, do they put it in a, put a load of sheep's blood in a condom or something and
 then the leeches have to attach onto it?
 Yeah, maybe it's that.
 Get that on the flag.
 So, I actually haven't realized how widespread they are in plastic surgery, for instance.
 So, there was a survey of 50 plastic surgery units in the UK and 80% of them use leeches
 in the last five years.
 That's right.
 So, it's common in plastic surgery.
 What are they, in that scenario?
 What are they using them for?
 They shove them inside your boobs to make them bigger, just lower to loads of leeches.
 I didn't realize that's what I said.
 You can see them wriggling.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Poshpice.
 They are used for, because they thin blood.
 So, when they latch onto you to suck your blood, they thin it out so that they can suck
 as much of it as possible.
 So, in surgery, it's very useful because often you get blood clots after surgery.
 And also, if you're reattaching limbs, so if your nose has fallen off and you need to
 have it reattached, it's quite common to use leeches to sort of connect the two bits to
 keep the blood flow going, otherwise your blood will just clot and then you would be
 able to get the blood flow.
 They remove it.
 Yeah.
 As it's pooling in the area, they just remove it and it means that the new capillaries form
 neatly between the two.
 Very cool.
 How amazing.
 They're amazing.
 Let's do some other animals that eat blood.
 Okay.
 Well, check this out, right?
 So, mosquitoes.
 They eat the blood.
 We all know that.
 Famously.
 What I didn't know is that there are midges that eat mosquitoes, so they eat the blood
 from the mosquito.
 Oh, I see.
 So, it's like if they're having our blood via the mosquito.
 Then is there a smaller little louse that's latched onto the midge?
 Possibly.
 Yeah.
 It's the opposite of a Russian doll.
 Because also, it's on the outside.
 It's out flowing, yeah, flowing out.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, that's incredible.
 I was hearing blood is actually incredibly, but as I thought of blood as being an ultimate
 food.
 Yeah.
 Well, you are a vampire.
 Yeah, exactly.
 As in, I thought.
 It's a super food.
 It's like kale.
 Yeah.
 It's like red kale.
 It's strong.
 You know, you drink the blood to gain the life.
 You know, it's a life force.
 Auntie, this is really creepy.
 It's incredible.
 I don't know.
 People think of it that way.
 It's full of iron.
 It's full of iron.
 It turns out it's pretty much the worst food you can have.
 Yeah.
 It's so rubbish.
 So, it's incredible.
 It doesn't have enough B vitamins for you to survive on.
 So, almost everything needs B vitamins.
 And it's got none.
 Quite a lot of cereals have B vitamins added, don't they?
 So, you could put blood on your cornflakes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Okay.
 Well, that's a good solution.
 You're right for the natural world.
 But so, red meat has a thousand times as much vitamin B12 as blood, just to put it out
 in context.
 Also, it does have loads of iron, which can be toxic.
 So, that's a problem as well.
 And leeches and ticks and lots of other blood-sucking creatures, they have to have special bacteria
 in their stomachs, which create B vitamins, and leeches have to have a particular issue
 to tie up the iron, which they're ingesting.
 They don't want to ingest this iron, but they've got these special chemicals in them to protect
 themselves from it.
 So, it's a terrible food.
 Yeah.
 So, there's 30,000 species, I read, that are blood suckers.
 Wow.
 And that sounds a lot, except for Andy's point, is it's really not a lot when you consider
 how readily available blood is for a species.
 And also, how many species there are.
 How many species there are.
 So, that's actually quite a limited number, which goes to your point that it's not the
 most practical of food.
 Okay.
 So, like everything, loads of carnivals eat meat, there are way more than 30,000 of those.
 But yeah, blood suckers, you have to be really specially evolved to do it.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Cool.
 So, it's not the ultimate food.
 Well, that's, you've exploded.
 The myth there.
 Do not pick that box on HelloFresh the next time you're ordering it.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the child who the book The Exorcist was based on went on to
 become a NASA engineer whose inventions contributed to the Apollo moon missions.
 So cool.
 So, are you saying that actually they levitated all the way to the moon?
 Yes.
 Fuck you.
 Propelled by vomit coming out from the astronauts.
 Yeah.
 So, the author of The Exorcist, the novel William Blatty, he based it on a true life
 story.
 And it was in 1949 in St. Louis, Missouri.
 And it was the story of a kid who we've known as Roland Doe.
 No one's known who he is.
 Then it gets revealed an engineer from NASA who's called Ronald Edwin Hunkler.
 He in fact was the boy.
 And that the other name was a pseudonym.
 And all along, people within NASA, you know, close friends knew this, but he never wanted
 to tell anyone because he found it an extraordinarily embarrassing thing.
 So he was someone who worked at NASA, who was part of the Apollo missions.
 As I just said, he also had a few patents with them.
 He made these ceramics that you put on the outside of rockets.
 Cool.
 That's awesome.
 No, it's like a special ceramic plates.
 And I think when there was a crash or a problem recently, they blamed it on the ceramic plates.
 People might remember that.
 He messed it up.
 No, no, no.
 That was a different issue.
 But he invented this thing, which was like foamed ceramics, where you would like make
 a slurry of different materials.
 And then you would wait for it to bubble up and then you put it into the oven and it
 would bake and it would be really heat resistant.
 Wow.
 And he invented those things.
 So cool.
 We should say that obviously the exorcist of the film is Reagan the girl.
 So I don't know at what point it changed.
 Was it in the book that it was a girl as well?
 Yeah.
 When did it change from a boy to a girl?
 I don't know actually.
 I think in the book it was a girl.
 Yes.
 In the book it was a girl.
 Yeah.
 And then he changed it.
 What was the name?
 Blathe?
 Yeah.
 He changed it because it was a way of masking what had gone on.
 But it was very, the original case sounds extremely spooky, which you wouldn't think
 it.
 He did it.
 No.
 It was absolutely terrifying.
 Yeah.
 He was born in 1935, this boy.
 Don't open with that.
 Well, the case of the thing like hearing scratching noises from his bedroom walls and the family
 minister wrote to a parapsychology lab at Duke University when the boy was 14 years
 old in 1949.
 And said that his bed shook when he was in it.
 Oh, come on.
 No, stop.
 He could have had shaggers disease.
 He was 14.
 And then a picture of Christ on the wall shook when he was nearby and the image itself
 was spooky.
 He did live in an earthquake-prone place.
 I can't believe they're the things you're picking out at spooky.
 So many mad things happened.
 Okay.
 So the details from the story that we know are based on basically this diary by Father
 Raymond Bishop.
 So there were a few priests who rocked up to try and help out with the exorcism and Father
 Raymond Bishop was one of them very confusing, not a bishop, a priest called Bishop.
 Oh, clever.
 But I mean, name yourself for the job you want.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 He's working his way out.
 My local priest in Bolton is called a pastor.
 No.
 He should have started an Italian restaurant though.
 He replaced someone called Father McVicar.
 No.
 Yeah.
 That's the man who was voted on in an internet poll, wasn't it?
 Make a face.
 Anyway, Bishop McBishopface wrote this diary about all the stuff that happened, which is
 part of the reason why we're somewhat skeptical about the facts of the exorcist because he
 didn't come on a little bit later.
 So he was using what he'd been told by the family and the other priest who had been involved
 earlier on.
 But some of the things he said are kind of amusing.
 So there was apparently once there was a question of the time of departure from the house and
 suddenly the word Saturday appeared written on the boy's hip.
 So I guess the devil's like, you know, get leave on Saturday.
 There was, for instance, his desk at school used to move independently of him.
 It's very hard to fake that.
 It's not like it's not like all these, wow, independently of anyone that just moved.
 Okay.
 Can we just clarify please that obviously we know it's all lies.
 I'm not saying it's true.
 I'm just saying some of the claims that were made about what happened.
 Yeah.
 You couldn't say a boy had done it.
 What I didn't believe was the priest wrote down.
 But so what are you saying did it then?
 It's just lies.
 Oh, God.
 It made it made up.
 It made up, he said.
 But he said he'd left school out of embarrassment that his desk was moving.
 Now I think if I was a school child and my desk moved independently, you'd be the coolest
 kid in school.
 Yeah.
 That's not embarrassing, is it?
 Oh, children are very quick to find a point of difference, aren't they?
 Yeah.
 If you're ready and then your desk started moving, that's not going to help you become
 cool.
 I can picture what would have happened if I had been possessed by a demon at school.
 Wouldn't have helped.
 Right.
 Good to know.
 No.
 This guy, Hunkler, the exorcism boy I think growing up, he always apparently went out
 on Halloween.
 Okay.
 Because he was worried that someone would find him.
 On Halloween.
 Oh, I see.
 Not because he was worried the demons would come back just because.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He seemed to be very paranoid about being found out for being this boy.
 Yeah.
 He was really terrified to ruin his life a bit.
 Yeah.
 It's because the book sold 13 million copies in America alone.
 But using a fictional plotline with a girl, he was nicely hidden, but I guess someone
 would have known, right?
 They would have known where he lives.
 I think some people he worked with knew.
 Yeah.
 Like people did know.
 Yeah, that's true.
 I reckon it was an open secret in the area.
 Yeah, definitely.
 In the newspaper reports around the time, this is from the Baltimore Evening Sun from 1949,
 they said that it took 20 to 30 exorcisms to get rid of the demon and that at the end
 of each one, the child would have a tantrum and voice scraps of Latin and that a boy once
 sat in a chair and it tipped over.
 That was evidence that he had a demon.
 Yeah.
 But he did say that local families were sprinkling holy water around his house because they'd
 heard about this demon possession and everyone would go around and put holy water there.
 That's a no.
 You've got to get really good coverage though with that.
 Holy water doesn't come in big quantities.
 No.
 You can't put it in a hosepipe.
 Yeah.
 It's not like putting it down vinegar to deter a fox where you can just slosh it about.
 Couldn't you just get a big vat of water and get a priest to bless it?
 To bless it.
 Does it then all become holy?
 Yeah, it's not.
 Why don't we just bless all the water then?
 As in if this works, which I'm not saying it does, why not just bless the...
 Send a priest to the Pacific Ocean and just...
 Exactly.
 Bless that.
 And then we'll have a thing.
 Basically, you're going to have to do this.
 Go to Lutz, buy up all the holy water, drink it all, piss it out, get it back into the
 water cycle and then some of it will be...
 It stays holy.
 Yeah, it'll be like one or two bits of it will be in every glass of water you ever drink.
 We'll have a little bit of holy water in it.
 That's a good idea.
 That's exciting.
 Yeah.
 Presumably that's true already.
 You know, the holy water has been part of the water cycle, hasn't it?
 How long does it stay holy?
 How long does it stay holy?
 And piss it out?
 It's been sprinkled on people.
 It evaporates.
 It goes up into the clouds.
 It's in the seas.
 All water is holy, I think.
 Great.
 There we go.
 Possessions have dropped off, haven't they?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Well, some local families, like I say, they sprinkled water around this house, but there
 was one family that didn't believe any of it and they invited him to stay with them
 and said, "Okay, we'll see if you're really possessed."
 And they reported that his bed shook and bumped in the night and they became believers, according
 to the Baltimore evening sun.
 One of the other symptoms, according to the priests who were there, and this one you could
 fake, probably, if you're talented, is that apparently during possessions, several times
 there was the passing of wind through his rectum.
 Well, one thing I noticed, because I looked at all of his patents, one of his patents
 is for gaseous flow purging in thermal blanket cleaning.
 So his patents was about gaseous flow and while he was possessed, he also had gaseous flow.
 And I read through every single patent that he did, and that was the only link I could
 find to the existence.
 It just seems to be a teenage boy farting and shaking the bed through unknown mechanisms.
 I bet he needed some thermal blanket cleaning after the...
 In the film, there was a lot of chat that maybe the filming itself was haunted, because
 for example, the climactic exorcism scene, when they were filming it, it had to be delayed
 because a pigeon flew into a light box and the set burned down.
 The set burned down?
 Yeah.
 The set burned down.
 Well, a pigeon, the pigeon I imagine, the light box is very hot.
 Yeah, no, no.
 We understand why, but I feel like that's a big story.
 Well, the thing is, the director, William Freakin, claimed that a winged creature with
 talons had been responsible for this f***ing...
 He was freaking out.
 Oh, God.
 It was responsible for it, so I think he was sexing up.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The pigeon.
 Spooky.
 There's officially three Exorcist movies, so the first one was based on the novel, and
 then the second one, Blatty went off, and they just made...
 They wrote a sequel and they put that out.
 Exorcist 3...
 So, sorry.
 The famous one is the first one.
 Famous one is the first one.
 Yeah, okay.
 And then there's the sequel.
 Yeah, then there's the sequel, and then there's Exorcist 3, which Blatty himself wrote and
 directed, so he came back for the third one.
 Oh.
 But...
 The novelist, right.
 He worked in film, generally, anyway, but so he also wrote novels, and he wanted to
 make his novel, which was called Legion, into a movie.
 Okay.
 And I think when they were funding it, something went round where they sort of said, "It's
 not going to happen.
 What if we call it Exorcist 3?"
 So it was named Exorcist 3, so he was directing it, directing the whole movie.
 They'd done the whole production, and then during the production, someone noticed that,
 "Hang on, there's no Exorcisms in this movie whatsoever.
 What's going on?"
 And so the money people came and said, "What are you doing?
 Why is this called this?"
 He said, "Well, it's actually based on my novel, Legion, which doesn't have any Exorcisms
 in it."
 So they ended up making him re-film the entire last third of the movie at costs of $4 million
 just so they could introduce some random new father character who could perform an Exorcism
 in the movie.
 No.
 To me, that seems reasonable if they're calling it Exorcist 3.
 Absolutely.
 Yeah.
 It's either that or change the name.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 What was Legion about?
 Did it fit with the plot?
 I actually don't know.
 Yeah, but...
 Was it like a Roman army?
 Halfway through.
 Yeah.
 Veedy, veedy.
 What was that?
 They're all speaking Latin all the way through, it's incredibly scary.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that plants remember droughts and they like it.
 They like it.
 They like it because it's useful to them.
 How is it useful for them because they can't go somewhere, let's move next to that river.
 They can't, they haven't went out to buy plane tickets to wet places yet.
 What you can do is you can take action as a plant.
 So this is kind of an amazing discovery about plants because it kind of taps into something
 that we thought they were not capable of doing at all, which is more of an animal feature.
 How it works is let's say you take a plant that has undergone a really bad drought and
 then you take a plant that didn't undergo a really bad drought and then you subject them
 both to a bad drought the following year.
 The plant that underwent the bad drought is going to have learned to deal with it and
 it can do clever things like it cannot open, it's paused as much so it doesn't lose as
 much water.
 It can do clever things to conserve water to make it less shit.
 These technical words, they're just shit, that's what they said in the paper.
 It's very clever.
 So they make a molecule which is called the GABA molecule which acts like a memory.
 So they make more of this molecule when it's droughty and that molecule is what tells it
 next time to do things like not open, it's paused so it doesn't lose water and the unbelievable
 thing about this which I think is maybe even more amazing is that it's sort of deposited
 on their genes, this learning process.
 So it's epigenetics, you know, when, it's basically the opposite of Darwinism.
 It's like you're not just getting your genes from your parents.
 You're learning something and then that goes into your genes and then you can pass it on.
 Wow.
 I feel a bit challenged actually.
 It feels a bit pointed that Anna's brought up this anti-dharmonistic thing.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Just Lamarcus almost.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So thanks a lot, Anna.
 I'm not wishing your favourite.
 You know the amazing thing about it.
 Awesome.
 Sorry, I've just got one specifically on that.
 You just said this thing was called GABA, the molecule.
 GABA is also an acronym for a very dry place.
 It's a cricket ground in Australia for GABA.
 Well, it's in Australia.
 So the GABA is a slang term, Aussie slang term, which stands for the Great Australian
 Bugger All.
 Oh, yeah.
 And it's the sort of ultra outbacky, really, really dry bit of Australia.
 There we go.
 We've completed the circle.
 It's one of the first facts I ever learned at QI.
 Is it?
 Interesting.
 Yeah.
 GABA actually stands in this case for Gamma Amino Butyric Acid.
 Oh.
 But the really interesting thing about it is that it's the same molecule that's used
 in mammals and in other animals to signal messages between your body.
 So through your nervous system, you also use GABA, and these plants are using the same
 thing.
 Wow.
 That's amazing.
 That's cool.
 Yeah.
 So we all contain GABA?
 We're all contain.
 We're all contain.
 Some of us more than others.
 Yeah, there's quite a lot of stuff over the last kind of ten years, if you start reading
 about plant that looks into the idea of plant consciousness being a thing, not the same
 way that humans have it, but investigating whether we've underestimated that.
 And I think people didn't want to think about it for ages because of this thing that I'd
 never heard of actually, but this guy called Trofim Lysenko, who's this Soviet guy.
 So basically, he thought the plants had memories, and he turned out to be a real piece of shit.
 So people don't like to copy him.
 So there are some grains that are stimulated by cold weather to know to then grow in spring.
 Oh, right.
 But he realized that if he subjected those grains to just cold temperatures, he could
 trick them into thinking that it had been winter, and then they'd remember that, and
 then they'd grow in what they thought was spring a few months later.
 So he said, plants have got memories.
 Great.
 Does that mean double harvests?
 That means double harvests.
 Exactly.
 So he was like, this is going to transform the Soviet Union.
 Oh my God, I am going to make it go so well.
 And as many of us know, the Soviet Union did not go that well in a harvest sense.
 But he didn't sound like a piece of shit so far.
 Right.
 Sounds like a good guy so far, trying to get some extra harvests in.
 No.
 I agree.
 Maybe his intentions were good at some point.
 So he came up with some really dodgy scientific conclusions, which were completely incorrect
 and forced loads of farmers to plant specific grains at specific times.
 It didn't work.
 And it's really responsible for a lot of the famines of the 40s and 50s in the Soviet
 Union.
 And, you know, he's possibly responsible for millions of deaths.
 The whole plant consciousness is obviously a giant pseudoscience, which has been around
 since the late 60s.
 There was a book that was called The Secret Life of Plants, which came out, which was
 a number one bestseller globally.
 And it had all of these big claims about what plants were able to do.
 And so a guy called Cleave Baxter was the main guy behind it.
 He was a CIA polygraph guy who kind of made...
 Oh no.
 It was an extraordinary story.
 And it kind of the reason people talk to plants these days, kind of is rooted back to him.
 These days, there's an amazing woman in Australia who's called Monica Gagliano.
 And she's leading a lot in bioacoustics, which is looking at plants and how sound might be
 something that they can pick up as well.
 Many scientists, obviously hugely skeptical, but she works for a university in Sydney and
 she's publishing reports that let's say, for example, you played the sound of water and
 it was a recording of water.
 The roots would grow towards it.
 We should say Gagliano is not the kind of pseudoscience of the 70s book.
 She is a legitimate...
 She's a legitimate scientist, but she makes huge claims.
 She wrote a book called Thus Spoke the Plant, which she says she co-wrote with plants, speaking
 to the plants.
 Not metaphorically, literally.
 Did she share the royalties?
 Possibly.
 I bet she does, in some way.
 Give it to her.
 I do.
 That looks after plants.
 Because, yes, she has done experiments which are very surprising.
 She did that thing where if you drop certain plants, then they will close up to try and
 protect themselves.
 And so she created actually this really cool thing, which you use to drop a plant, which
 you know when you're at a fairground and you sit on one of those benches, it carries you
 up a pole, a vertical pole, then it drops you down again.
 She made that for plants and she realised that if you drop them enough times, they stop
 closing up.
 Because they learn.
 Because they learn that it's not going to do them any harm.
 And she says that it can then remember that lesson for a month.
 You can modify plants to make them drought-proof, as you can GM tweak them, basically.
 So this is something that was done in 2018.
 This tweaked a single gene in tobacco plants, which means they lose, I think it was a quarter
 less water.
 And it's because they have these pores, right, which they normally open up and close in response
 to daylight.
 So that's what triggers it.
 So when the pores are open, they suck in carbon dioxide, but they also lose water.
 So the carbon dioxide is necessary for photosynthesis, but losing water is obviously a bad thing
 if you're in a time of drought.
 So in the GM version of these plants, they open for a briefer spell, is go whoop, and
 then close up again.
 So the good thing is, they can still get enough carbon dioxide in to do all the photosynthesis
 they need, but they lose a quarter less water.
 You will have a plant that is way more resistant to dry weather.
 Clever.
 It's so clever.
 Why do we need all this tobacco?
 That's a great point.
 I suppose they hope it can be done eventually with other, more useful plants.
 Yeah, yeah, we're not just all going to have to just literally be smoking 20 a day.
 But we will, if we smoke 20 a day, we will need less food.
 So we'll have to grow less wheat.
 So actually, right, it's some real product.
 In 1933, yo-yos were banned in Syria because they thought they were causing droughts.
 Right.
 Yeah, I read that.
 Was there a logic to that?
 Yeah.
 There was an Ulaama who were like religious heads, and they petitioned the Prime Minister
 of Syria and said that the yo-yo was responsible for the drought that they were having at the
 time because the up-and-down movement was counteracting their prayers.
 And so they banned it, and the next day it rained.
 There we go.
 But anyway, there was an article in the New York Times at the time, and they spoke about
 whether this could be true or not, and they said, "Well, London at the moment is full
 of yo-yos, and it rains there all the time."
 That was their evidence.
 That's counter-evidence.
 Yeah.
 James, do you have a view as a golf fan on what I think you know is coming?
 The fact that in droughts, golf courses are very often exempt.
 The UK, in Australia, and it's on health at the moment.
 This is a huge deal.
 In France, they're going and pouring concrete and stuff into golf holes on golf courses.
 Which is the most pointless thing, because they change the golf hole every single day.
 Like on a golf course, if you go onto a green, the hole is in a certain place.
 Every day, they fill it in, and they put it in a different place.
 You had me.
 I had never heard of that.
 Because it's part of the game.
 Because people play every day, right?
 And so it would be boring if it was always in the same place.
 Oh yeah, that's the thing that makes it boring.
 People are coming in filling in these holes, which are literally about to be filled in
 anyway.
 They're doing their job for them.
 Yeah.
 Maybe they're doing it to help them out.
 Well, that's very funny.
 I don't remember how far, like, three centimetres to the left.
 It might be as little as that.
 It tends to be, like, another part of the green, like, with a different slope.
 Do golfers claim, "Oh, I would have got it if I'd been here yesterday, and I was playing
 actually to yesterday's hole?"
 Yeah, actually, when you play golf, you can see where the old hole was, because it never
 quite bends.
 Right.
 And so often, you'll hit a ball, and you're nowhere near the actual hole, but you're right
 next to where it was.
 A few days ago.
 Can you get, like, a half point for that?
 No half points.
 It's not a points game, is it?
 Well, yeah, shots.
 Yeah, shots.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But, yeah.
 Well, I think we've all learned something very interesting about this, but, yeah, they
 are exempt, and they're exempt according to Southern Water, because this is happening
 at the moment in the UK.
 There have been a few hosepipe bands in certain areas.
 Southern Water wrote on their website that, "On health and safety grounds, golf courses
 are exempt."
 Oh, great.
 I mean, no, I'd rather think if I'm not allowed to use a hosepipe on my garden, probably
 you shouldn't be allowed on golf course.
 Probably I would use more on a golf course.
 But perhaps there are reasons, like, because it gets people doing healthy things.
 Maybe as there are other exemptions on tennis courts, for instance, and on the sporting
 field.
 I've got data on this.
 My local bowls club lawn is looking very green indeed.
 I would imagine probably they, for all sporting and health events, they probably have an exemption
 right now.
 They don't.
 Yeah, I guess golf courses are just the big grassy ones, aren't they, so that's probably
 the ones that get all the attention.
 Those bowls are sort of smaller, you know, although it's probably less healthy as well.
 I mean, bowls doesn't do much good for you.
 I remember once reading that it was the most dangerous sport that you can do, and that's
 because 90-year-olds do it.
 And if you look at the number of deaths.
 Huge fatality, right?
 Yeah.
 Well, I was looking, sorry, just on golf courses.
 If you did want to know what your golf course was, I was looking at advice on restoring courses
 after drought on some golf website, and apparently it said, "Make sure that all dead grass plants
 are removed by scaring or tickle harrowing the turf."
 Tickle harrowing.
 Tickle harrowing.
 That's quite a good word for something, isn't it, if you've had a harrowing experience,
 but not very harrowing.
 It was a bit tickle harrowing.
 Yeah.
 I'm just watching the Exorcist, you know.
 I'm sorry, I cannot get over that they change the golf hole every day, I absolutely blown
 my mind.
 And I think listeners at home are in my position right now, going, "Why are they talking about
 anything else that is astonishing?"
 Certainly anyone who plays golf, or has ever played golf, or ever watched golf on television
 would know that.
 Watching it on TV, you wouldn't notice the next day.
 I mean, they talk about it all the time.
 There's very little else to talk about.
 Are there any rogue hole places who put it right on the edge of the green?
 That's kind of the point.
 Let's say, for instance, there's a green, right, it's got lots of slopes on it.
 One of the slopes goes right down into some water, right?
 If you put the hole right next to that slope, then it really changes where you aim, because
 you're not going to aim to the side of it where the water is, right?
 Or you can put it 20 yards further, so you have to use a different golf club to reach
 it on the next time, or you put it next to a bunker.
 Why not do it so that there is no flag?
 So all you do is, when you arrive, and this is for professionals, when you arrive, you
 have the data of the previous month's hole positions.
 Yeah.
 I mean, that pretty much happens what you're talking about.
 So the week before a major championship, all the caddies will walk around and look at all
 the possible places where the hole could be, where it's been in previous years, where it's
 been on the Thursday and Friday on a Saturday and Sunday, and they kind of know more or less
 where it's going to be.
 And then on the morning, they all get a little booklet that tells you exactly where the hole
 is on each of the 18 holes, and it'll be like 17 yards on and 8 yards from the left or whatever.
 And that's every morning they get that.
 OK.
 I found a way of being less interested in golf than I was before, which was a really fascinating
 chart I think I've had in eight years of this podcast.
 Oh, God.
 Thank you, guys.
 One more question.
 One more question. So let's say a master's is happening, and they go and they sus out
 where the holes have been previously.
 Is there a kind of thing where you go home and let's say Greg Norman and watch golf
 for a while?
 Greg Norman is definitely haven't, if you're talking about Greg Norman and the master's
 but anyway, carry on.
 Is there a simulation thing where they can place the ball in a virtual reality kind of
 simulation so they can test with knowing what the wind speeds will be the next day and so
 on?
 Sure.
 You have simulated golf, and you can simulate wind for short, you can simulate pin positions.
 Whether anyone actually does that, I doubt.
 But it's not impossible.
 Dan, I cannot believe you fought tooth and nail, even when we were saying shut up for
 that question.
 That was so boring, Dan.
 Are you kidding me?
 That was so boring.
 OK, kill it.
 Dan, you and I will do our own special podcast afterwards when you ask me all the questions
 that no one ever wanted to know about golf.
 It's going to be a hit, clump fish, new show coming, very fish.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that when you play golf, is that in 2017 there was a house party
 in Maryland that was so boozy the ambient air in the building tested positive on a breathalyzer?
 I'm just excited that everyone from the US is going to switch off because you just said
 Maryland.
 Maryland.
 It's just Maryland.
 That's just how it is.
 But Maryland, I can see in a, probably, in a Bolton accent.
 In a Bolton accent, yeah.
 Well, this feels like shit for the golf chat.
 Sorry.
 Sorry.
 This feels like the non-meat of the fact, given that the building tested positive on
 a breathalyzer.
 I mean, that was the funny thing.
 It's incredible.
 So, yeah, this was a party, like a frat party kind of thing, advertised online as Tequila
 Tuesday.
 Loads of neighbors complained that it was so loud, and so the police turned up and it
 turned out that as well as being beer cans and spilled alcohol and lots of possibly underage
 people drinking, they also did a breathalyzer on lots of people, but they did it inside
 the house and it registered .01.
 So it wouldn't be legally drunk, but it showed up on the breathalyzer.
 So it would be able to drive.
 It would be able to drive.
 The building would be able to drive.
 But the reason that this is kind of interesting, I think, is that some breathalysers, they
 work by taking the ambient air and then they compare your breath to what the air is.
 And so, like, if you're outside, if you've been driving and then they stop you, they're
 testing against the air, you know, around the road, that's one thing.
 But if they're testing against air, which is already also drunk, then there could be
 a problem that you are.
 That's really funny.
 So if you could sort of hot-box your car with alcohol air, make sure they test that.
 If you are drink-driving right now, quickly pour vodka all over your car and waft up
 the air-conditioning, get it going, and you'll be fine.
 Yeah.
 Smart.
 We're not condoning drink-driving in any way.
 Absolutely.
 I think we are, based on this research.
 Blimey.
 I really like the fact that the breathalyzer was, first of all, the drunkometer.
 Yeah.
 It's a much funnier and better name.
 Yeah.
 That was an early version of it.
 Yeah.
 It was like 30, isn't it?
 In the '60s, even, they were still calling it the drunkometer.
 It was a standard phrase.
 Or sometimes, the alchometer.
 It was about 30, as they called it that.
 I don't know why they changed it.
 Intoximeter.
 Intoximeter, as well.
 It's hard to say.
 It's hard to say.
 It's a test, actually.
 If you can't pronounce it, you'll find the drive.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But the drunkometer was a different thing than the breathalyzer we use today.
 And I love that the breathalyzer itself was invented by a guy called Robert Frank Borkenstein.
 It's amazing.
 Frank Borkenstein is such a great name.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 In Canada, it's sometimes called the Borkenstein, or it used to be, like the breathalyzer was
 known as a Borkenstein.
 Oh.
 Of course, Borkenstein was the name of the doctor.
 You should call it Borkenstein's monster.
 He really changed things a lot, Borkenstein, because in 1954, he invented it.
 And before him, the drunkometer could tell the presence of alcohol, but it couldn't
 tell the quantity of alcohol, couldn't measure it precisely.
 And so before him, a defense lawyer, if someone was on a charge of drink driving, a defense
 lawyer might say, "Oh, my client was working for very long hours," and his eyes are red
 because he's got allergies.
 And I've got friends of his racked up who will all swear blind that he only had two
 beers on the night.
 And so he wasn't drink driving, and it was incredible, just so hard to prove, whereas
 Borkenstein absolutely changed that.
 He did.
 He liked to drink himself, though.
 Oh, yeah.
 If you look at any obituaries, they're not very euphemistic about it.
 Really?
 Was he lending it as a competitive thing, like he would score highest on my breathalyzer?
 In The Guardian, it says, "He was a genial fellow who enjoyed serving drinks to his friends
 and exhibited a Catholic taste in wines and spirits."
 But he was a really great guy.
 When he was a child, he built a robot, which worked, like when he was at school.
 In World War II, they had bombs, which held them before they were released, but they needed
 to be spot checked, and he invented a new way of spot checking them, which made it way,
 way easier.
 So it helped the war effort in that way.
 Nice.
 Safety first, again.
 Yeah.
 Theme, developing.
 I read a thing.
 The judge in Kerry Island, so this is a case, two cases were thrown out where the drink
 driving claim was no longer useful because the judge said that the people who were accused
 of potentially being drunk had inhaled their own urine while they were in the actual custody
 of the police.
 Sorry.
 What?
 So this is a thing.
 There's a thing which is kind of known as a loophole law, and what it is is called section
 49.
 The reason why is that if you were the police bringing people to the station, there needs
 to be 20 minutes before you breathalyze them.
 In that 20 minutes, you have to have your eyes on them, and they can't have drinks,
 and they can't have anything that might influence what their breath is going to be.
 As in you breathalyze them straight away in the car, haven't you, because when you stop
 someone in a car, you breathalyze them, but then you turn to the station.
 But you need them, you need it at the station for it to be legit.
 So what happened?
 And I think that's because the idea is that you can show a false positive on a breathalyzer
 if you've drunk really recently, or if you've got like alcohol in your mouth, right?
 So it's just waiting long enough that you're definitely positive.
 To make sure that you're definitely positive, yeah.
 Okay, so where do we get to inhaling your own urine?
 So in these two specific cases, a judge called Judge O'Connor, he said that, where he was
 told that during this 20 minute period where they weren't to be observed, they both went
 to the bathroom, and when they went to the bathroom, they both were facing away from
 the police officers who were meant to be monitoring them.
 And according to the judge, in that time, the urine could have released odours that
 would have been of a alcoholic nature, and that could influence that brand.
 Is that why we say someone's pissed?
 Possibly.
 Yeah.
 Quite possible.
 Well, yeah, it was this.
 That is incredible.
 It wasn't long ago, but I haven't written down the year.
 And that is bananas.
 Did it work?
 Do we know?
 Yeah, they got the two cases we're throwing out of court for that specific reason.
 That is amazing.
 Yeah.
 Why are we sharing tips?
 But I mean, that is incredible.
 So what they should have done was after they came back from the toilet, waited another 20
 minutes, but then they used the breathalyzer test within that time frame.
 Yeah.
 Or you say it was just the police weren't monitoring them, so or if the police, they
 were at the urinal and put the policeman is sort of facing them at the urinal and watching
 them every second.
 I think if you're at a urinal and someone's facing you, there are problems.
 Something's gone wrong.
 Something's gone wrong.
 They have to be sitting in the urinal, don't they?
 Yeah.
 And can we talk about Barbara Castle?
 Yes, we can.
 Yeah.
 Very keen.
 So Transport Secretary, who introduced breathalyzers to British policing in 1967, you know, and
 part of the problem was that at the time the number of cars on the road had increased six
 fold in the previous 20 years.
 So the word, you know, in the late 40s, there were two million cars on the road.
 Now there were 12 million.
 That's sixfold.
 That's sixfold.
 And my new podcast is going to be about simple sums and we'll go off against your golf whole
 podcast and we'll just see who's is worse.
 It was just that last week, Anna said something about doubling, and she said from six million
 to 12 million, you went, that's doubling.
 I've been hoist on my own referential, but I hate it.
 Anyway, Barbara Castle was great, but she was incredibly unpopular at the time for introducing
 this partly because drinkers were saying, you know, I want to be able to have several
 drinks and then go home or drive home.
 So some pub customers stuck pins in a doll labeled Barbara Castle.
 That's from the mirror in 67.
 But her main foe, maybe when this thing was introduced was, have you guys heard of AJP
 Taylor?
 No.
 It's a very famous 20th century historian basically, really, really famous at the time.
 And he wrote about her and about breathalysers again and again.
 And there was a piece, why pick on the private motorist?
 And he said, no one has the slightest idea how much alcohol affects a driver.
 The slightly tired driver, for instance, may actually be improved by a glass of sherry.
 And he concluded at the end of this piece, it was a really, really rude piece about her
 and about the whole idea.
 And I've been driving a car for 45 years.
 I have consistently ignored all the various speed limits.
 Never once have I encountered the slightest risk as a result.
 This is what she was up against.
 I found the way breathalysers work really interesting.
 In a way that's not more funny than where they put the hole on the green.
 You do realise the more we come back to this more, I'm going to have to keep it in.
 This is my spin off podcast.
 So they work based on colour change, which I think is so cool.
 So basically, when you breathe into a breathalyzer, you've usually got, or the police who's holding
 the breathalyzer, they've got the control solution on one side, then they've got the
 solution that you're breathing into.
 And they're using a solution called potassium dichromite, which is orange in colour.
 But when you breathe into it, the alcohol reacts with the dichromite and it produces
 chromium, chromium ions on their own, and that is green.
 So if you're breathing alcohol into it, the orange turns to green, which is kind of cool.
 And then the way it works is it produces an electrical current based on the colour change,
 which I actually just didn't know could happen.
 So because different colours produce different amounts of energy, so if you've got a colour
 that's a high frequency, like blue, like at the bottom of the rainbow, it produces more
 energy than, let's say, red.
 So that we can connect it up to a system where that translates into an electrical current.
 So you connect some electrodes to the green solution and the orange solution and they
 can sense the difference between the two and exactly how green it is.
 Wow, that's amazing.
 And that's exactly how much alcohol you've got.
 And that's what that's a standard breathalyzer.
 And then it translates into a figure on a screen, so you don't see any of this, sadly.
 And you probably might be too drunk to understand it anyway.
 I haven't had anything to drink it, I was clinging on.
 In 2010, in Eastern Cape in South Africa, there was a person who was arrested and breathalyzed
 and they were 32 times over the legal alcohol limit, which as far as I can tell is a record.
 He was caught driving a Mercedes-Benz Vito very erratically, and inside the car there
 were also five children, a woman and 15 sheep.
 What?!
 Excuse me?
 That's a big number.
 Was he part of a joke?
 Sorry, in the car.
 In the car, yeah.
 Hang on, you can't get 15 sheep in a car?
 Well, he did.
 If you're drunk enough, you can do anything.
 Probably wasn't a mini, was it?
 It was a Mercedes-Benz Vito, which I actually don't know what that kind of car is.
 But it doesn't sound like it's a bus, so that's incredible.
 Apparently, he'd allegedly stolen the sheep from nearby farms, so, well drunk.
 Imagine waking up in the morning, kind of forgetting what you did last night, going
 out to the car.
 It was just 50 sheep.
 2010 was a huge year for drink-driving incidents like this, so also in 2010, a guy in Nebraska
 was pulled over after swerving dangerously on the road, and the police saw him driving
 very erratically.
 And there was a bottle of vodka in the car, empty beer cans all over the place.
 He was 19 years old.
 Oh, yeah.
 I mean, all the signs were there.
 He was arrested.
 You could say you're going to the recycling centre, can't you?
 Well, yeah.
 He was tested.
 He was definitely over the limit.
 Yeah.
 But the extra bit of evidence against him was that, at the time, he was dressed as a breathalyzer
 test.
 He'd been to a party, and it had a dial on the front, which said, you know, are you blood
 alcohol level?
 And it was from loser having fun to brain damage, because the arrow was set to brain damage
 for him, and he had a tube which you blow into at his crotch level, insert inside mouth
 written on it.
 And did the police use his breathalyzer?
 He said, can you blow into this?
 He's like, well, you have to, you blow into this.
 Oh, one absolute tool.
 Yeah, the police said that he was joined at the detox centre by a French maid and a naughty
 board of patrol agents.
 Oh my God.
 There's one way that people think you can beat the test, and that's by sucking on a
 penny.
 The idea is that the zinc or the copper in the penny reacts with your alcohol in your
 mouth, and it kind of puts a different chemical into the breathalyzer, so it doesn't do all
 the chemical stuff it's supposed to do.
 Usually old breathalysers, that would work, but these days the way breathalysers are made,
 it doesn't work, and it hasn't worked for about, you know, 10, 20 years almost that
 hasn't worked.
 I've got to hope you get an incredibly old police officer.
 Well, there was another thing in 1967, this was a warning published in the Somerset County
 Gazette.
 A warning was given to motorists, and it was just as the breathalyzer was being introduced.
 A warning was given to motorists by Somerset police this week that they should treat with
 caution the suggestion that they could beat the breathalyzer by eating mashed potatoes.
 You load up on mashed potato and then you fire.
 You can't, they do get tricked by certain things, so you never know.
 That's why a breathalyzer can never be admissible evidence, it just gives you enough evidence
 to take them to police station where you do a blood test.
 Like for instance, if you have a lot of acetone in your breath, then that could be just because
 you haven't eaten for a long time.
 That's if you haven't eaten for a long time, if you're diabetic, you can have acetone levels
 a thousand times higher than normal, that can set off a breathalyzer.
 So you can make all of these excuses by the on-way to the police station.
 I'm sort of picturing someone right now listening to our show, they've just been pulled over
 and they're desperately, while the policemen's walking towards their car, listening to all
 the advice we're giving right now, looking for pennies on the floor that says, "We're
 mashed potatoes in the back."
 Do you remember that fact that you guys didn't let me put in book of the year?
 A guy pulled over who was probably on drugs, more than alcohol, and the police officers
 asked him for a urine sample on the spot.
 So he went into the bush and he took ages to come back out, and then when he came out,
 he presented a semen sample and he had misheard what that said.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shriberland, Andy at Andrew Hunter M, James at James Harkin, and Anna.
 You can see my podcast at qi.com.
 Yep.
 You can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing or our website, nosuchthingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there as well as links to this final bit of the tour
 that we're about to go on for Nerd Immunity.
 It's only around the corner, so check the dates as early September.
 We'd love to see you there.
 Otherwise, you can also join our brand new membership club, Club Fish.
 That's where we are putting up all of these episodes without any of the ads that you hear
 along the way.
 Without any of the golf mentions.
 Without any of the golf mentions, absolutely.
 Where do I sign?
 But there's extra content as well.
 It's a really fun place, so do check it out.
 Otherwise, just stay here.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
