 Hey everyone and welcome to another episode of Let's All Fish.
 This is the podcast from the makers of No Switch Things A Fish, where we put down our
 facts and we look at the incredible facts that you guys have been sending to podcast@QI.com.
 I am sat here in an undisclosed location, no, not only to me and my family because it's
 my house and Dan Schreiber is in his house and Anna Toshiski is in her house and we will
 be talking facts.
 So which of you would like to go first with an amazing audience fact?
 I've got a good one from a well-named chap called Benjamin Snitkoff, and I know really
 strong, and he says I'm reading a terrific book called Gesture, which does it like a really
 good book actually, by Lauren Gorn, and he came across this fact that the cadang people
 of Indonesia have a prohibition on pointing at rainbows, Ursa Major and small young pumpkins.
 I know they connected for the same reason, did the three of them have like a night out,
 the pumpkins, the rainbows, Ursa Minor, and they're just banished.
 God, I'd love to see what that night out would look like, but I do not know, it does seem
 pretty arbitrary, like you're getting to the end of the rulebook and you've got pages
 to fill.
 I've heard of people not pints in a rainbows before actually.
 I think that one might be, I mean none of these are particularly common, but I think that
 one's a little bit more common than the other.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 I can sort of see that.
 If you, you know, they've got a magical quality to them.
 Are you allowed to acknowledge them? Are you allowed to be like, "Psss, hey, go."
 I think as long as you do whisper like that.
 Yeah, right.
 And they're high behind a bush immediately.
 It's a nice rainbows.
 I looked them up in their main prohibition, seems to be about weaving.
 That's the main thing that always comes up is that they're not allowed to make their own
 clothes, which sounds like it was just really inconvenient back in the day.
 So you just always have to buy clothes from a different tribe.
 Promotes social life, if you get to meet others, you know.
 Do you know what, Dan? You have hit the nail on the head of why people say that they used
 to do it.
 There you go.
 Part of like agreements, you know, back and forth agreements with other trading groups,
 other people.
 So you should be an anthropologist, because I just thought, "What a stupid ban."
 But what happens when they go to market and they're trying to buy some clothes and then
 the person they're buying them off points at a small baby pumpkin?
 And then they get to a huge argument and then you, that's how war start, isn't it?
 Yeah, right.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's great.
 I got one here from Christopher McKay, who says, "Four moose were brought to Newfoundland
 from Miramushi, New Bronzwick, in 1904, 45 years before Newfoundland joined Confederation.
 Today, there's roughly 125,000 moose, one for every four Newfoundlanders."
 Cool.
 Cool.
 And I've been given a handy pronunciation guide by Christopher, who says Newfoundland is
 Newfoundland, not Newfoundland.
 I thought it was Newfoundland.
 Yeah.
 Well, my goodness.
 This is a hot potato.
 This is a young pumpkin being pointed out, because it doesn't seem to have a consensus amongst
 anyone.
 Currently, Christopher says, "As non-Atlantic Canadians, I want to say about Newfoundland."
 But I found a story where it got so chaotic that in 1876, a man was shot dead over his pronunciation
 of Newfoundland.
 Oh, my God.
 How does he pronounce it?
 We don't know which of the two who got in the fight was pronouncing it either way.
 But it was either Newfoundland or Newfoundland, the pronunciation was onfoundland at the time.
 And so it says, "Millworkers in the frontier town of Larksburg, Colorado saw two men enter
 a cabin in search of a dictionary.
 Seconds later, they heard a gunshot."
 And so it was Millworker, William Atchison.
 He first off threw a punch at John P. Davis, John P. Davis, then pulled out a gun and shot
 him in the stomach.
 And he died.
 And how do we know what happened there?
 Because they've gone into the house, right?
 We only have the say so of the person who came out.
 Yes.
 And not even quite that James for a very long time, because John P. Davis, who came out immediately
 went on the run, just immediately fled town.
 And no one heard from him for years and years and years until 1912, when he was on his deathbed,
 and he made a deathbed confession to say that we got in a fight about the pronunciation
 of this word.
 And I shot him to death.
 And so he thought, okay, well, that's it.
 It's out there.
 I'm going to die now.
 It got reported in the newspapers.
 But then he got better.
 He wasn't expecting to get better.
 So the brothers of the deceased bad came chasing after him, and he had to get out of his
 now no longer deathbed and went on the run again.
 And we don't know how the story ends.
 Sounds like he wasn't even very sick, be honest.
 And also, I mean, I think I can infer what's happened here, right?
 This guy has shot his mate.
 You're only going to shoot him if it turns out that you're wrong.
 The dictionary proved them right.
 And you get so annoyed that you shoot them.
 That's why I reckon I can't think of any other way that that went where he ended up shooting
 his mate.
 So I think not only probably the worst thing about this whole thing is that he was proved
 wrong by the dictionary.
 He is right.
 The wrong man died.
 He was the one that deserved to die.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Here is a fact sent in by the Reverend Cannon Ben Jones, which Andy helpfully puts afterwards.
 He's a vicar.
 And he says, I'm not a piece of artillery.
 He said, maybe that too.
 He says, I just doesn't do a little vision episode from the 15th of March where you talk
 about footballers in the same team with the same name, even better, in my opinion, is that
 during the 2003 to 4 season, Philum replaced the Scottish midfielder John Collins with
 the Liberian-born Dutch striker, James Bonding Collins John, so good, I love it.
 They must have done it on purpose.
 Totally.
 I forgot about that.
 That's a brilliant fact.
 It's really good.
 No more to say on that.
 OK, well, in that case, here's one from Dan Connelly and Dan Connelly said, the Louisiana
 Museum of Modern Art can be found in.
 Any guesses?
 Modern Art.
 Is that a place?
 No.
 I don't know.
 It's Louisiana, obviously.
 Oh, Dad, you idiot.
 That's so embarrassing.
 Oh, dear.
 No, it's in Denmark, just north of Copenhagen.
 And the name comes from the estate on which the museum was built, which was called Louisiana
 by its first owner, called Alexander Brun.
 And he named it after his three wives, all of whom had been called Louise.
 It's amazing.
 I think at wife number three, you've done it on purpose, you just want to look out, unless
 it was an unbelievably common name around that time.
 Yeah.
 Like how, you know, in the ninth century, 90% of people were called John.
 Was there a time when everyone in Denmark was called Louise?
 Yeah.
 And the thing is, no one really knows what's going on because the museum was built quite a
 long time after this Alexander Brun had gone.
 And the guy who built it, who was called Knude Jensen, they asked him about it and he said,
 well, I don't really know anything about him, apart from the fact that he had three wives
 called Louise.
 And so I think it kind of seems like that's really all we know about this guy.
 Well, while we're on names, can I chuck in another listener name fact that's been sent in?
 This is from Chris Topping.
 Chris Topping in 1945, Florey and Chain received a Nobel Prize alongside Fleming for isolating
 the first antibiotics.
 I've stumbled across a researcher called Florean Chain, who appears to be in the field
 of probiotics.
 So you've got Florey and Chain, and now we have Florean Chain.
 Wonderful.
 This is a, yeah, and Florean Chain, not the most known names, but they were the people who
 helped give us penicillin.
 So it was Fleming who had noticed the mold and the pea tradition and had tried doing stuff
 with it, but he couldn't yield much antibiotic out of it.
 And it was Florey, an Aussie, who with Chain made penicillin into something more palatable
 for our bodies.
 And he's been called by people like former Prime Minister Robert Menzies as in terms of
 world well-being.
 Florey was the most important man ever born in Australia.
 He's saved up to 80 million people plus.
 And if you remember the very first time that penicillin was used on a person, it was in Oxford
 and it was a police officer.
 And unfortunately, it worked at first, but then they couldn't yield enough to keep it going
 to save him and he died, but they were the doctors that were a part of that process that
 were doing the first tests on humans to show that it could be something that would save
 us.
 So, yeah.
 So...
 I've never heard of them.
 Like, honestly, I've never heard of those two names ever.
 Yeah, you've got to be the guy who comes up with the accidentally discovered, went away
 on holiday, came back to find mold in my country dish.
 You can't just be there. Oh, we turned it into something that was genuinely useful.
 Turns out.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 And the other guy, Shane, equally amazing.
 He was a Jewish scientist in Nazi Germany.
 He came over to the UK.
 He was given a position at the University College Hospital by friend of the podcast, JBS Haldane.
 And he then met up with Florey and they came up with the method.
 So yeah, awesome history to unrecognized people, certainly on a popular scale, who changed
 the world.
 So cool.
 And then there's Florey and Shane person who came up with Yakult, apparently.
 That's basically probiotics, isn't it?
 Oh, okay.
 I see.
 I think they work in probiotics.
 I'm not necessarily sure they invented Yakult.
 Okay.
 Something similar.
 Apologies to Florey if you did.
 Very cool.
 Such a cool connection to see.
 That must have been a really exciting moment.
 I have a fact here from Giles McNeil.
 This is such a cool fact, very cool spot.
 The fact is that before the song "Hart Break Hotel" was sung and recorded by Elvis Presley.
 Elvis Presley.
 Elvis Presley.
 It was first sung and recorded by an Elvis impersonator.
 What?
 And it was before Elvis was even that famous.
 What is going on?
 This is this person who writes in Giles is citing rock and roll with such a Andrew Hickey, who
 says the "Hart Break Hotel" is written by three people called Tommy Durden, May Axton and
 Glenn Reeves.
 And it was Glenn Reeves who didn't want credit for the song himself because, apparently, he
 thought it was ridiculous.
 So instead, he thought there's this bloke called Elvis, so I've heard some of your little
 ditties here and there.
 I think it might suit his silly voice.
 So he recorded a demo of the song but did it in an Elvis impersonation to send to Elvis
 to say, "Look how much this suits your style."
 And he sent the Elvis impersonation to Elvis himself and then Elvis thought, "Yeah, that's
 good.
 I'll do that impersonating my own self."
 That's very cool.
 So cool.
 I read the fact the other day, which is to do also with a songwriter for an Elvis song.
 I think it was for Hound Dog.
 This person was out on an Atlantic ship out in the ocean and something happened.
 There was a disaster and the ship went down.
 They had to be rescued.
 People thought they might have been dead.
 They were brought back to the mainland, probably America, I'm guessing.
 And at the sort of dock standing there was the co-writer of Hound Dog, yelling to the guy
 on the ship he's just been saved, "Elvis has recorded Hound Dog.
 Elvis has recorded Hound Dog."
 He was like, "Yes, the greatest is more important than saying, "Are you okay?"
 Okay, here is an email we got through from Joshua Ghani and Joshua said that they found
 a news article and they've read it many times because they love it so much and they wanted
 to send it as to see if we would enjoy it.
 And it was about an Australian man who became wedged naked in his washing machine during
 a prank.
 This man is known only as Lawrence and he told the newspapers that he decided to have a
 bit of sneaky fun while in the nude, but climbed in the washing machine and found that
 he couldn't get fully out and had to call for assistance.
 Basically he got in, crossed his legs and then couldn't uncross them in a way that he could
 get back out again.
 And so the article's really good, there's so many good lines in it.
 For instance, the self-proclaimed practical Joker says he is known among his friends as
 Lawrence, he's always nude.
 And why do we know why he's got that nickname?
 I think it's maybe something to do with his practical jokes.
 On the other hand, who is he joking if he's climbing into a washing machine naked?
 That's a funny joke for someone else who's trying to put a wash on.
 That's a good practical joke.
 If he lives alone and it's just his washing machine, it's very confusing.
 But provided he's got a house mate, do you think like his trick is the house mate throws
 the clothes in and then he quickly puts all the clothes on so he's not naked anymore
 and then climbs out and goes, "Ta-da!"
 Oh, that's so good, yes.
 And they go, "God, I didn't know it had that kind of cycle."
 Yeah.
 I think that would have to be an industrial-sized washing machine, wouldn't it?
 Do you think I couldn't get into any washing machine?
 But if I go to the laundromat, I reckon I could definitely get into one of those.
 I think like some places would have top loaders that you would be able to get into, you
 know, in the olden days they were a bit more common, weren't they?
 And I think in America there might be more common, maybe.
 But that wouldn't be impressive, I don't think getting in a top loader.
 I assumed it was a front loader because that's what's really impressive.
 Yeah.
 If you can get into one.
 Is it about being impressive or is it, "Oh, you're naked at a tub with that hilarious?"
 No, you're right.
 You're right.
 It's not a circus.
 It's just a weirdo.
 You're right.
 Anyway, so they worked through his bathroom cabinet of soaps and lotions, tried to work
 him free and then in the end they turned to olive oil and they managed to get him out.
 And they said actually it was useful that he was naked because it made it easier for him
 to slip straight out.
 If the olive oil was on his clothes, then it might not have been quite as slippy or easy
 to slip him out.
 Very nice.
 And he said that the whole thing was like a birthing and he thanked the emergency workers
 for keeping their composure and not asking too many questions.
 I sympathise with the locked legs.
 I've had that before where I put my legs into a, that crossed them over each other and I
 locked in and I couldn't get out.
 Yeah, bad for men, particularly bad at cross-legs, I think, much worse than women.
 That's so worth the olive oil thing because it's been in the news this week that a girl got
 wedged between two rocks on a school trip in somewhere like Dorset or Devon and she
 was stuck for ages and they tried loads and loads of stuff like chipping away at the
 rock and eventually it was olive oil that freed her.
 Wow.
 So always carry olive oil with you on a survival expedition.
 That is amazing.
 As a kid, you would always hear of people getting their head stuck in railings, wouldn't you?
 Yeah.
 Like basically, kids' heads grow as they get in older and suddenly a railing that you can
 put your head in and out of suddenly becomes a railing that you can only put your head in
 and you can't get it out because your ears get stuck.
 Yes.
 And my memory of that is people would always use maybe that olive oil when I was a kid because
 I think olive oil only became fashionable when I was in my 20s but I think people would use
 like vegetable oil and soap and stuff, wouldn't they?
 Yeah.
 That was as a kid growing up in Hong Kong, one of the big TV shows was Full House.
 I don't know if you got it here, but Bob Sagitt was dad and there was a group of daughters
 in the family.
 And the middle girl, there was a rumor that she was at Disneyland or a theme park and she
 had put her head through the rails by rollercoaster and it came down and it took her head straight
 off and that she was dead.
 Now back in the day there was no internet so that was just at school, that's what we thought
 had happened.
 She had died.
 That was always part of it.
 I haven't actually Googled it.
 Well, look, we're working from home.
 You're on your laptop.
 Why don't you check?
 You guys get on with the business of actual facts and I'll...
 I just feel like you can't leave that hanging.
 Yeah.
 That's a good idea.
 I was desperate for the happy ending reveal and it turns out she's now Madonna because
 especially if she was killed in that way, I'll definitely cut it.
 Yes, yes.
 She was not.
 She is alive.
 She's alive.
 She's alive.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Missing half a head though.
 That's okay.
 Just took off the top.
 Here's one from Alexis Grant.
 A lot of Helikonia are hummingbird pollinated so Helikonia is type of plant.
 The hummingbirds sometimes also move flower mites that live in the Helikonia around inside
 their nostrils.
 The mites only get off when they get to another flower of the same species even if the
 hummingbird visits flowers of multiple species.
 Oh, wow.
 What if the hummingbird sneezes really violently when it's visiting a plant of another species?
 They still managed to cling onto those nose hairs and wait.
 It does not recount the email from Alexis.
 I think it's pretty amazing that they're using these hummingbirds as ubers.
 Yeah.
 Pretty good.
 And know when to get off as well.
 Yes, it's more like a bus, I suppose.
 And more like a bus.
 The pigeons on the underground.
 Yeah.
 These Helikonia are quite cool because they want their pollen to get into the hummingbird's
 face as well as the mites.
 They don't care about the mites.
 They just want the pollen.
 And they have like a jack in the box mechanism.
 So when the hummingbird goes into the Helikonia plant, it goes, and then hits them in the
 face and they get a load of pollen all over them.
 Is that why it's called Helikonia?
 Because Helikonia, you see them as a spiral and is it like a spirally spring that biojoins
 up?
 Do you think email doesn't recount, does it?
 It doesn't study recount.
 You know what?
 I was googling Helikonia and it's also the name of a butterfly and it's also the name
 of like a mountain in Greece or something.
 So I thought when I was googling it, oh I bet it's named after that mountain in Greece, but
 I didn't check it out because I thought no one's going to ask that.
 No.
 It'd be a real dick move, wouldn't it?
 When we know that you probably haven't happened to Google the answer, yeah, kind of person
 does that.
 Can I share another fact sent in by Rick Minat?
 I know it's a fact Andy would want us to hear.
 He says that while discussing the relative safety of being stuck on a train engine during
 a tornado, I discovered that manufacturers are required by law to test the windows on engines
 by launching a 24 pound cinder block into the glass at 30 miles an hour.
 Wow.
 So good.
 And then he said, seeing as it's an amusing fact about a dull subject, I thought Andy would
 enjoy it, but he does provide the work he's in it is indeed true.
 Cinder blocks are held at 30 miles an hour.
 I don't know what from from a from a cannon.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah.
 Really cool.
 A fun job to have being the person who holds that.
 I wonder what the pros call is.
 You just got to sit in a in a train while it passes, right?
 There's no there's nothing else really you can do.
 What do you mean?
 What do you mean, sorry?
 If you're in a train during a tornado.
 Oh, you're still thinking about the tornado.
 I thought you meant while they're testing it by carrying the cinder block out of.
 So I don't think they actually put anyone in at this time.
 Sorry, ladies and gentlemen.
 You're a conductor here.
 We're just being held at this station to quickly run a cinder block into the window next
 year.
 I reckon they go into a tunnel, wouldn't they?
 Oh, good shout.
 Good shout.
 I don't know.
 Yeah.
 How many tunnels are out there in Kansas, you know?
 No hills to go through, is there?
 Yeah.
 It's very flat.
 It's very famous leaf flat.
 A tough choice for that train driver.
 When your when your conductor says this train now terminates at Oz, you know you're in
 trouble.
 So you know in the Wizard of Oz, the book, I don't think it says tornado.
 I think it says cyclone and when the book was first published, the head of the US meteorological
 organization wrote to El Frank Baum saying that there is never in history and there never
 will be a cyclone in Kansas, because it's physically impossible to have cyclones in
 Kansas.
 Oh, really?
 And there's some technical difference between a tornado and a cyclone because you do get
 a tornadoes there for sure, yeah, wow, well, I bet he felt stupid, but that ruined a massive
 paycheck that came this way.
 Okay, okay, well, it is the end of your facts as amazing as they were like every week.
 We really love getting your facts.
 And if you have any facts indeed, then send them to podcast at qi.com and he will check through
 them and send us the very best for a future little fish.
 But before we go today, we have the small matter of dishing out some of our facts to custodians
 on Patreon.
 So who has a fact to give out?
 Let's give a fact to Tova Cooper.
 Your fact is now the Millennium Bug is going to hit in 2038.
 Uh oh.
 When we did that fact, it felt like a long way in the future, didn't it?
 But close now, we're getting close, um, yeah, that's kind of a scary fact to have framed
 up on your wall as I imagine this person will.
 It's a good reminder.
 It might make you live life a bit more, knowing that the end of time is on its way.
 Oh, yes.
 Mementumari.
 Yeah.
 Although if you do want reassurance, I think it was just like the three computers that
 still work off an old system will break down.
 Just in case you do look at it every day and have a small heart attack, thinking the
 end is nigh, I think it just means your old computer might have a rough time.
 Okay.
 Well, that's nice to know.
 How about this for Michael Woolard?
 This is the fact that the diaries of scientists, Richard Buckman's to Fuller, took up 80 meters
 of shelf space.
 Oh, wow.
 Well, legend.
 What a self-involved teenager he was.
 I just liked a big font.
 Yeah.
 Font.
 Do you write your diaries in a font?
 Actually, people probably do type up their diaries now, don't they?
 I loved doing that particular fact when you find a character like him, Spaceship Earth and
 all of those incredible inventions that he did.
 He only slept like 20 minutes at a time or something.
 Was it called "Diamaxian sleep" or something that he did?
 Yes.
 He was just like...
 Yes, it wasn't that his word that he made up, "Diamaxian," which was like, and all his
 designs were based on this "Diamaxian" concept, and I can't even remember what it was.
 It was just like, "To the max."
 Sleep-maxing.
 Sleep-maxing.
 Let's give another one out.
 This is for Jonah Yerich, and your fact is, in 1511, the people of Brussels protested against
 the government by filling the city with dozens of pornographic snowmen.
 That's great.
 That was a great one to say.
 1511, to be doing that, that's one of those, aren't we all the same, you know, no matter
 which bit of history?
 Yeah.
 I can't remember how poor he were, do we think it was just sort of carrots for penises?
 I think they were a little bit more than that.
 Wow.
 You're right, though.
 Like, back then it might have been just the snowwoman was showing her ankle, you know.
 Exactly.
 Or like, maybe all snowmen have pornographic, but you can't really tell because it's so
 cold, you just can't see their genitals.
 Nice.
 Okay, this one is now going out to Alex Borodovsky, and Alex Yorfact is that in 2015, Australian
 scientists named a newly discovered species of fish, the blue bastard.
 Love it.
 I think the reason was that it was a bastard to catch.
 I think that's why they called it a bastard.
 It wasn't that it was just always born out of wedlock.
 This one is for Hamish and McClellan, and this is that Harris Hawks stand on each other's
 shoulders to get a better view.
 I can still picture.
 I think there's one photo of, I want to say four Harris Hawks standing one on top of
 the other.
 I may have hallucinated that, but this is amazing because you'd think they'd just fly.
 Yeah.
 You would.
 So why do they do it?
 I guess it's hard to fly on the spot, or maybe they're disguising themselves to get
 into a club.
 Yeah, they just have one overcoat over them.
 Exactly.
 Stole it from a snowman.
 That's a good point.
 What point is a height that it's worth expending the energy?
 It certainly can't be just double your height, because that's why they stand on their
 shoulders.
 But what worth expending the energy to fly?
 To fly, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 One sort of Hawk number 19 says, should I go up there?
 It's just like, should we all just fly?
 This is getting silly.
 But also, I think like if you're a Hawk, right, let's be generous and say they're two feet
 tall, which I bet they're not.
 Like if you were to get three of them on top of each other, that's still only, what, six
 feet?
 Well, you're looking over.
 Exactly.
 The only way it could be possibly useful is if they're in like, tall grass or something.
 Oh, maybe it's that, or a very low wool, or a-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha.
 Yeah.
 We'll never know unless we listen back to that episode.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Here is another one.
 This one now is under the custodianship of Carla.
 And Carla, your fact is that Pope innocent the eighth was given the nickname, the honest, because
 he was the first Pope to acknowledge that he had illegitimate children.
 Good on him.
 A load of blue bastards.
 Oh, that's so good.
 Pope innocent the eighth.
 So noble.
 So noble.
 But it was back in the day in the Catholic Church.
 I think everyone could shag as much as they wanted.
 I think I remember reading that the only reason people made celibacy a thing was because
 people kept giving their illegitimate sons loads of land that otherwise would have gone
 to the church.
 Oh.
 And so the church decided to say, "Okay, you've got to stop having sex because we want
 your land."
 It doesn't matter.
 God is pro-sex.
 I'm pretty sure that's one of the main, you know, how interested, who's the new Pope?
 What's he called?
 Robert Provost.
 I don't know what his papal name is.
 Oh, yeah.
 But Rob, you need to get on this.
 Yeah.
 Get.
 Bring Shagging Back.
 Yeah, I wonder what, at the meeting when they were like, "Okay, listen, Pope innocent
 the eighth has been having a lot of kids.
 What are we going to do about the name?
 Do we go for Pope guilty the first, or do we go for the honest and just lean into it and
 just say, "Well done."
 And they clearly went for that.
 Let's get another one.
 This was Jill.
 Jill, your fact is now that in 2015, Spanish builders accidentally destroyed a 6,000-year-old
 neolithic tomb that looked like a picnic table and replaced it with a new and better-looking
 picnic table.
 It's just progress.
 That's just improving the area.
 Yeah, right.
 This is great.
 This is one of yours, isn't it, Dan?
 It was.
 This is one of my favourites, I think.
 It's amazing.
 Yeah.
 Some of these are like little children, aren't they?
 When you hear them again.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There you are.
 Where have you been?
 What have you been up to lately?
 Well, you're moving into Jill's now.
 You're going to be on her wall.
 So enjoy.
 Yeah.
 Really lovely.
 Yeah.
 Good.
 All right.
 Here's a final one.
 It's a trick.
 Here you go, Michelle.
 Here's a fact for you.
 And that's the fact that for Queen Elizabeth's coronation in 1953, people dressed up as television
 sets.
 Lovely.
 Oh.
 Because they were new, basically.
 People are excited because it was on Telly.
 Yeah.
 Stuff was on Telly.
 People had Telly's.
 Yeah.
 It's like us.
 It's like how we always dress up as TikTok now.
 Yes.
 I'm dressed up as TikTok right now.
 Yeah.
 It's a really good picture.
 Okay.
 Thank you very much to Michelle, Jill, Carla, Hey, Mish, Jonah, Alex, Michael and Tova.
 You now have some brand new facts to hang on your wall.
 And we really hope you cherish them and enjoy them.
 If you too would like to become a custodian of a fact, then go to patreon.com/clubfish and
 join at the highest level.
 And that is where you can do that.
 But if you do not want to do that, then do not worry because we will be back next week with
 another little fish and in a couple of days with a big fish.
 For now, it's goodbye from me, James Harkin.
 It's goodbye from Daniel.
 So long.
 And it's goodbye from Anatishinsky.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 [Music]
