 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you live from Belfast!
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here
 with Anichis Isinski, Andrew Hansen-Marie,
 and James Harkin, and once again,
 we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that there are a number
 of chickens in California that have their own personal chefs.
 (audience laughing)
 - I think you'd live in constant fear as a chicken
 if you had your own chicken.
 (audience laughing)
 One day he's gonna run us to stuff in the pantry.
 - Oh, they can give me a lot of sage and onion recently.
 (audience laughing)
 - Mr. Chicken, tonight for dinner, you.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, that's very exciting.
 - So this is specifically in Silicon Valley
 and at the moment there is a chicken mania happening
 in Silicon Valley.
 Single chicken can cost $350.
 And normally they cost about $15.
 Their coupes are controlled by smartphone apps
 and basically it's kind of a state of symbol
 in Silicon Valley to have your own chicken.
 - Wow.
 - Are they special chickens in any way?
 Are they amazing or amazing, the all-night chickens?
 - Some of them are pretty good, actually, I have to say.
 I'm not sure I'd pay $350 for one, but they are pretty good.
 So they're specially bred for desirable personality traits.
 So the ones that are particularly.
 (audience laughing)
 - What is a personality trait in a chicken?
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, you know.
 - It's the ground.
 (audience laughing)
 - So for instance, if they're gentle enough
 for a child to cuddle.
 - Okay.
 - So rock 'n' like an angry chicken,
 you wouldn't want to put that near your child.
 They don't have those.
 There are some that are rare,
 there are some that are beautiful
 according to the article I read.
 And some of them have special highly coveted colored eggs
 and they're called Easter Eggers
 and they give you blue eggs.
 - Wow.
 - They're really, really good ones, those.
 - That's very cool.
 - They also, I read a lot of people
 keep the chickens in their house like they're a cat or a dog
 and they call them lap chickens
 'cause they come and they sit on your lap
 and you can just stroke them.
 And the way that they make sure
 that they don't defecate all over the house
 is they put them in diapers.
 So there's special chicken diapers that you can now buy.
 And I went to a website that sells these chicken diapers
 'cause I wanted to--
 - I want you all wearing them tonight.
 (audience laughing)
 - No, there's a few good websites that do it actually.
 There's one called my pet chicken
 and there's one called pampered poultry.
 Pampered poultry is very nice.
 So you can see that they're all nicely designed.
 They sit around the bum of the chicken, like a diaper.
 But they not only sell diapers,
 they also sell saddles on chickens.
 And it's mainly for people to ride chickens.
 - No, yeah.
 That's what I thought, but it turns out what it is
 is that when a chicken is having sex
 from the behind, the male is really aggressive
 and packs away at their back.
 So it's a sort of blanket that sits over the back
 of the chicken so they don't lose all their feathers
 when the male is just--
 - So it's when they're being ridden in a way.
 (audience laughing)
 - Very true, very true.
 They also, my pet chicken has a very exciting device.
 Basically, a lot of people have problems
 if they do have a chicken in their house
 where it does cock-a-doodle-doo a lot.
 So they have on their site, they called cock-a-doodle-don't.
 And cock-a-doodle-d don't is a new contraption
 that goes around the neck that stops it
 from crowing, from roostering.
 And--
 - How does it stop it?
 - It, it, it, it, it goes around the throat.
 - Please strangle the chicken.
 - Yeah, it, it, it's, it's a bit questionable.
 I'm not sure my pet chicken.com is--
 - Did you not just say this is a very cool contraption?
 - Can we edit that bit out?
 'Cause that's staying in, isn't it?
 And if you pay an extra amount of money,
 $12 more, it only costs $18 for it to happen.
 They say it doesn't hurt the chicken,
 but if you, uh, if the rooster, if you do it,
 for $12 more, you can buy a bow tie that goes around.
 - Absolutely, bargain.
 - For just $30, you can choke the chicken
 in a classy bow tie fashion.
 Oh, nice.
 [LAUGHTER]
 - Nothing more classy than a dead chicken with a bow tie on.
 You do get some incredible looking kind of designer chickens now,
 though.
 Or, I mean, just Google some designer chickens.
 They're stunning.
 But I think my favorite is the I Am Chicken, the--
 is AYAM, and it's described by breeders
 as the Lamborghini of chickens.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And you can see why.
 So you might have seen it.
 It's that chicken that's black, completely black from head to toe.
 It looks like it's been dipped in oil.
 So it's big, it's crown, it's--
 sorry, it's comb, it's legs, it's feet.
 And the weird thing is, like, it's eyes completely black.
 But the weird thing is, it's fully black on the inside as well,
 which I didn't realize.
 So all of its organs, all of the meat in it, all of its flesh,
 all of its bones, everything is black.
 And so if you then eat this chicken,
 it's the meat itself is black.
 The only thing about the chicken that's not black
 is it lays white eggs.
 And they're just-- they're incredible.
 And there's this I Am Breeder in America who's got a site
 where they sell them.
 And they say they're very, very good natured as well.
 So I think a New York magazine wanted to meet one.
 And the review said, "The rooster patiently allowed himself
 to be draped with million-dollar jewelry
 and trust with red ribbon, well-being photographed
 under bright lights."
 Which, again, it's an amazing looking chicken.
 People are doing some weird shit with their chickens.
 Yeah.
 Of course, your website's going to say,
 our chickens are extremely friendly.
 No website selling these chickens are going to say,
 our chicken's a real bastard, it's actually--
 [LAUGHTER]
 So I was looking up chickens in Silicon Valley,
 because it's the massive trend at the moment.
 There is a company at the moment
 is trying to disrupt eggs, OK?
 So they're trying to make-- there are food--
 stuff stuff-- thing called just.
 And they make eggless scrambled eggs out of mung beans.
 But the other thing they've started doing recently,
 they've started making chicken nuggets from chickens,
 which are still alive.
 What?
 The others just like chickens with bits missing.
 Well, kind of.
 So they took some cells from the inside of a chicken feather.
 So they took one feather from a chicken called Ian
 for the record.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I don't know.
 It's a perfectly spoiled land, normal land.
 So they took some cells from the inside of the feather.
 And then they cultivated them.
 And they fed those cells on plant proteins, right?
 And they turned those into a big mass of chicken meat.
 They grew those into chicken muscle.
 And then they had a barbecue where they served up chicken nuggets.
 And Ian was present walking around on the table while he was
 being eaten by these people.
 Presumably, surely he was there with a megaphone saying,
 this is an outrage.
 Yeah, it's very-- basically, people in Silicon Valley are mad.
 That's all we need to know.
 Yeah, you can go on a tour of Silicon Valley
 called Torda Coop, where you just see all of the chicken
 coops that they have, because they're unbelievably expensive.
 Some of them can cost up to like $20,000.
 And one owner, at least, plans to transform
 his coop into an Airbnb for humans.
 Once his chickens die, that's how on later it is.
 I don't-- and my parents had chickens.
 There's no way I'd want to sleep in the same place
 that those chickens are sleeping.
 That's disgusting.
 Would you share the coop with them?
 Or do they vacate--
 I don't know.
 I guess they vacate and leave you a croissant and stuff
 when you stay there, presumably.
 They're basically dead.
 And they've been eaten.
 They're long gone, and they probably clean it.
 And, you know.
 Oh, that's actually not how Airbnb works at all.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Thank you.
 Yeah, some other weird stuff that people in Silicon Valley are doing.
 So there's been a lot lately about what
 people in Silicon Valley call biohacking, which
 I just find a really amusing word, because what it means
 is stupid diets.
 But they call it biohacking, because it sounds really smart.
 But all the CEOs of all the big companies are into this.
 And weird kind of diets.
 So there's Jeffrey Wu, who's CEO of a biohacking company.
 And he got all his staff to do a full-on seven-day fast.
 And they all had to wear glucose monitors
 that are designed for diabetics.
 And it inserts pinpricks into your skin.
 And it measures your blood-elevated ketones, which
 is a way of checking how much fat you're using and stuff.
 So he makes all his staff go--
 staff themselves for seven days-- to make sure they're burning
 enough fat and it elevates your mental acuity and things
 like that.
 But they're all kind of going on silly teenage girl diets,
 getting his biohacking, and so it's OK.
 I read about Jeffrey Wu, because he started this thing.
 There's a drug that people in Silicon Valley take, which
 is the idea is it's a cognitive enhancing drug.
 And so it's a brain drug, effectively,
 and it's called new tropics, which is an old idea.
 That was back in 1972 that that term was coined.
 But the idea is you take it, and it makes
 your brain get stimulated.
 So he runs a company where he provides these drugs.
 Everyone's on these brain stimulant drugs in Silicon Valley
 if they're working with Jeffrey.
 But I don't know.
 If it's making you want to pay $350 for a chicken,
 I'm not sure how smart they're making you.
 Actually, the chicken's control the company that makes the drug.
 Have you met our CEO, Ian?
 I read about a hobby, because the hobbies that people have
 in Silicon Valley, and people do various weird sports and stuff,
 because there's a lot of mountainous terrain.
 Have you heard of ride and tie?
 This is so cool.
 So it's a mountain race involving two people on one horse.
 So-- but the rule is, only one person
 can be touching the horse at any given moment.
 So you get on the horse, and you ride for a couple of miles,
 and your friend runs, and then you tie the horse up
 for a couple of miles, and then you start running,
 and your friend catches up to the horse, gets on it,
 rides it, overtakes you, and then--
 And you have to get off after two miles.
 You can't just go on the horse for the whole length of the horse.
 Oh, that's a much better idea, actually.
 Yeah, again, see, they're reinventing the wheel,
 just going for a ride on a horse.
 That's pretty cool.
 I think it does sound kind of fun.
 It sounds quite intense.
 Yeah, really fun.
 Why wouldn't you just go on the horse alongside the person who's running?
 Horses can run faster than people can run.
 No, I know, but--
 Same as-- I mean, that's why those guys
 who do the grand national.
 Yeah.
 But no humans have won that, have they?
 They've never even qualified for it.
 But actually, there is a horse versus human race, isn't there?
 I think it's in Wales every year or something.
 Yeah.
 And sometimes the humans do win, but it's
 on a really twisty cost with like, you know, stairs and lifts.
 Things that horses can't do.
 And on drugs, actually, all Silicon Valley CEOs
 are also doing LSD at the moment.
 And again, the--
 For legal reasons, I think not all.
 Sorry, yes, definitely not all.
 Yeah, but bloody most right.
 But it's micro-dosing.
 So they take a tenth the amount of LSD
 that you'd usually, not you, but that one might usually
 take to get a proper hallucination.
 And apparently, the effect this has
 is that it increases alertness and energy and stuff.
 And it's another way of them, I guess,
 kind of biohacking themselves, taking a bit of hallucinogenic
 to make themselves more switched on.
 So the other thing that's been in the news
 is like raw water.
 Have you seen all this?
 Yeah.
 So basically, people are drinking water that's
 come direct from source and hasn't been decontaminated,
 which is really, really a terrible idea.
 There was an expert who said almost everything
 conceivable that can make you sick can be found in water.
 So a lot of it contains animal feces.
 There are terrible diseases.
 You can get hepatitis A. You can get color.
 You can get eat coli.
 And this expert, they asked him about it.
 And he said, you can't stop consenting adults
 from being stupid.
 But we should at least try.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's amazing.
 We're going to have to-- sorry.
 We're going to have to move on to our next vaccine.
 I was just going to say that I was reading a quote
 from Mukande Singh, who's a founder of Live Water, which
 is one of the big water startups.
 And so they don't trust all the chemicals that go
 in the water that we drink.
 And he said, so we have things like chloramine
 and fluoride in our water.
 Call me a conspiracy theorist.
 But it's a mind-controlled drug that
 has no benefit to our dental health.
 I'll go there.
 He's a fucking conspiracy theorist.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just one more thing.
 Apple have built a new campus in California this year.
 It's made completely out of glass.
 And the idea is to encourage an open working environment.
 And on the very first day, seven people
 were taken to hospital through walking into the hospital.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's so good.
 OK, it is time to move on to fact number two.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is that the Victorian cat burglar, Charles Peace,
 could supposedly disguise himself just by changing
 the shape of his face.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So he was a real guy.
 And before we go any further, he was a really unpleasant guy.
 He was a burglar and he was a murderer as well.
 But he killed two people.
 For a while, he was the nation's most wanted man.
 But he had this incredible gift, supposedly,
 for just moving his face into a slightly different shape.
 And he would think, where did he go?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I just can't see how that worked.
 I can't imagine how that would work.
 I know.
 Neither can I, but supposedly he was very rubbery face.
 I suppose like Mr. Bean kind of thing,
 like Rowan Atkinson maybe.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Well, Jim Kerry, when he was in the movie The Mask,
 the people who were doing the CGI,
 said they had to spend way less than they anticipated,
 because his face was so elastic that he was able to contort it.
 And it looked like CGI had been done already.
 Oh, all right.
 Yeah, there we go.
 But it's not like it doesn't look like that.
 It's not like Rowan Atkinson and Jim Kerry
 can avoid all publicity and attention
 by just contorting their face quickly.
 Rowan Atkinson could be in the front row.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So this guy, Charles Peace, he was an extremely interesting man
 in lots of ways.
 So he--
 He was really famous at the time, wasn't he?
 He was very, very notorious.
 And he had a missing finger, which you would think
 would have identified him.
 But he cleverly got around this by using an entire prosthetic arm,
 which apparently is less inconspicuous.
 Yeah, the guy with three arms.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He's got the right number of fingers,
 but he's not one extra arm.
 He was executed, wasn't he?
 He was.
 And he told the clergyman who interviewed him in prison
 just before his execution.
 He said that he hoped that after he was gone,
 he would be entirely forgotten by everybody.
 And his name never mentioned again.
 Yeah.
 Sorry, ma'am.
 But also, within hours of his death,
 the first ballad of Charles Peace was on sale.
 Was it?
 Yeah.
 And the biography was ready for publication even before he was dead.
 So that's how famous he was.
 Wow.
 And also, his executioner was very famous as well.
 It was a guy called Marwood.
 So he was executed by probably Britain's most famous
 at the time executioner.
 People would go, he was a celebrity of execution.
 And to the point where he had a popular rhyme
 that people used to sing about him, which was,
 if part killed Mar, who had killed part, Marwood,
 that was the--
 Oh, that's great.
 That's really clever.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Cyclover.
 I read, I mean, it's a bit gruesome,
 but in the British newspaper archive,
 I actually read one of the articles from the time
 about when he was executed.
 And it's darkly amusing because he does what any of us would do,
 which is like, he keeps trying to put it off.
 So he'd like to say, and he said his prayers,
 and thanks for everyone who was ready to go.
 And then he went, actually, I'm really thirsty.
 Can I get a drink of water please?
 And they were like, no, I don't think so.
 And they said, hold on, I've got one more thing to say.
 And this article goes on and on.
 He keeps on going, wait, wait.
 I've just got one more quick thing before we--
 can I?
 And the person who he killed was a policeman called PCCock.
 And what was interesting is, because he did kill this guy.
 He was basically caught doing a burglary
 and he killed the policeman.
 But luckily for him, the police simply picked up
 the nearest Irishman they could find.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They charged this Irishman with murder,
 and then apparently Charlie attended the trial dressed
 as a vicar and made--
 Of course he did.
 --with his three arms.
 He played all 12 members of the jury at various points.
 And then there's 20 money.
 And he made loud remarks from the public gallery
 to the effect that the evidence was merely circumstantial.
 So he was, you know, he was the guy who did it.
 And he was like, this guy's not guilty, man.
 This guy's a guilty--
 willing to say it was me, I did it.
 No, you're right.
 He's halfway there, conscience-wise, I think.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He admitted to it in the end when he
 was found guilty of the other murder.
 He admitted to the early one.
 Yeah, that's what I read in the article that I read
 is that he did admit by doing that, that it was him.
 I read this, by the way, on a website called
 executedtoday.com.
 Every new day, a new execution to read up on about.
 If you're looking for a cheery read,
 executedtoday.com.
 He did once have a really good comedy moment
 where he was in prison loads of times.
 I don't know how he had time to do any burglaries.
 And one time, he was put in a train
 and was being taken to a prison.
 And he was coming out of works up on his way to this prison.
 And he jumped off the train to escape.
 And a warden on the train grabbed hold of his leg
 as he jumped off.
 And apparently, he bounced along on his head
 with the warden clinging to his ankle.
 A few hundreds of feet until eventually he wriggled out
 of his grip and then the train stopped
 and they turned back and picked him up again.
 Should have worn a third leg.
 Speaking of him and legs, his father
 was a one-legged lion tamer.
 Yes.
 I was quite a family, is what they're saying.
 What's amazing, as well, there is no more detail
 about his dad under that one sentence.
 His life, that's all that exists now, that's all we know.
 We can guess how he lost the leg, I think.
 But he was very bad, two-legged lion tamer, wasn't it?
 If we're being stichless for facts, he started as a collier
 and lost his leg when he was doing mining.
 And then became a lion tamer, as he would.
 So when you said there was no other information online,
 it was just--
 Well, it wasn't all executed today, don't come yet.
 He became a shoemaker after being a lion tamer,
 which I really loved that.
 OK, there's a lot of stuff on the online.
 I got it.
 So was he a one-legged shoemaker?
 He's a one-legged shoemaker, everything half-price.
 So he was apparently irresistible to women
 with his three arms and--
 Take your hand off me and that one.
 And that one.
 But I suppose if you can change your face all the time,
 then you can-- if you don't like this one, I've got others.
 I've just done my last boyfriend.
 He had three arms.
 Maybe the new one's got three arms.
 So he got married.
 And then he moved to London.
 And he got married again.
 But he lived with his previous wife as well,
 who he called his mother.
 And it seems that the second wife didn't know
 that who he called his mother was actually his first wife.
 Oh, wow.
 Oh, for a Victorian Jeremy Kyle show.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's a-- well, he's a Jeremiah Kyle.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He's incredible.
 That's true?
 Well, I mean, we should say actually at this point,
 because I said it's true.
 A lot of it is clouded in meth, isn't it?
 Because he was so famous.
 And he was famous as like a Robin Hood kind of character.
 So there were lots of stories about him.
 But according to people at the time, this is what happened.
 He lived with his wife and his mother in Peckham.
 And they used to have parties attended
 by all the rich people in Peckham, which they were at the time.
 And they're all now since Del Boy won the lottery.
 And then what would happen is Charlie
 would get called out on some urgent business
 during the party.
 They would carry on the party.
 And then when all the guests got home,
 they all found they'd been burgled.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, so just on disguises--
 because this guy was disguising himself a lot--
 I tried to look up other people who had great disguises.
 So there was a guy, a bank robber called Willie Sutton.
 And he was very crafty.
 Because he was known in life as Slick Willie.
 And he-- night, come on now.
 He, in 1947, he escaped the Philadelphia County Prison,
 where he was being held.
 And he escaped dressed as a prison guard.
 And he was so crafty that the search light on the prison wall
 found him.
 But he was dressed as a prison guard.
 And he just shouted, it's OK.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And they kept going.
 That's so good, so good.
 I was-- yeah, so I was looking at some other good disguises,
 more modern burglars of tried.
 Did you guys read about the guy I think last year
 who dressed as a tree to rob a bank?
 So--
 Which one?
 What's it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 So this is a new Hampshire.
 And this is a guy who walks straight into a bank.
 And he just-- there's pictures of him, there's CCTV.
 He had kind of leaves duct tape to his kind of face
 and bits of his body.
 He did.
 He looked almost nothing like a tree.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But he walked in and he said, give me all your money,
 and they gave him money.
 But then on CCTV, someone immediately recognized him.
 Because he'd only covered about a quarter of his face
 with bits of twig and said that's not the ball,
 but whatever it was.
 And he was cool.
 When it be grape, there was a police line up
 of genuine trees and just--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you know who you can tell an officer from MI5?
 Their spies, are they?
 They are spies.
 So you wouldn't be able to tell them.
 But there's a good chance that they will be dressed as a beggar.
 Because this is a very good way of keeping surveillance
 on a building.
 Because a lot of people ignore the beggars or the homeless
 or end and walk on by.
 And one guy from MI5 said that for operations,
 he would use my own clothes soaked in my own urine
 to complement that cover.
 So it is proper deep cover.
 Wow.
 I didn't see that James Bond film.
 Ah, Bond, we've got you these.
 They're your trousers covered in gold.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just on spies, did you guys see the news today
 that, you know, how every country at the moment
 is sort of sending their Russian spies out,
 so Britain sent the Russian spies out?
 New Zealand said that they would do the same.
 And then added, actually, we can't find any.
 That could be that they're just really good stars.
 That's a thing, yeah.
 There are some weird new trees outside the last night,
 see, but a lot of people come there in their own past.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you know the CIA has a chief of disguise?
 So this is a real post in the CIA.
 And there is someone who's just retired as the chief of disguise.
 She's called Jonna Mendes.
 And she said this in an interview.
 I can't tell if she's joking or not.
 I think she's being serious.
 She said that one message, the CIA--
 one-- sorry.
 She said that one method the CIA might use
 to send a message to someone would be to shave a pet,
 tattoo a message onto it, and then
 pass the animal on once the hair has grown back on the animal.
 Yeah, that's a historical thing, I think.
 Well, I've heard it with ancient creeps shaving the head
 of the slave.
 But I'm very much like I do shaving a hamster and writing.
 I think you go for a snake.
 You can't shave a snake.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Imagine if you wrote on, let's say, I don't know--
 It's going to be something big, which I don't know.
 But yeah, if you got to the end of a dog,
 and then you ran out of words, so you had to append a hamster
 to the dog.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's not the immediate messaging service of texting, is it?
 It's not.
 If it's we compromise, burn everything
 and get out of the country.
 OK, it's time to move on to our third fact.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that if the British treated their monarchy,
 the way that the ancient Egyptians did,
 Queen Elizabeth, the second, would
 have to run around a racetrack every three years
 to prove she was still fit for the job.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So the idea of this is that in ancient Egypt,
 it said that what they used to have
 was a festival called Hebset.
 And after a pharaoh had reached 30 years in ruling power,
 that were they still fit to run it.
 That was a big question.
 And in order to prove that they were still fit,
 they would have to run around the complex of where
 they were living.
 And usually it was a racetrack.
 And they would do it with a sort of animal tail
 that was hanging behind them.
 And everyone came to watch it.
 And the first time you did it was after 30 years.
 But then it was every subsequent three years
 because they thought you might lose it in those three years' time.
 So if Queen Elizabeth the second had to do it,
 she would have done it 13 times by now.
 And we don't actually know why they did it, do we?
 No.
 We're not quite sure.
 There's a few different theories.
 One theory that I quite like is that there
 was an original thing they did where once you're
 in office for 30 years, you would just get killed.
 And then some smart pharaoh went, well,
 what if I do the running thing instead?
 Or maybe they were trying to kill him
 and he was running away, yes, like that.
 But some people think that, other people,
 it's just like it proves that you're fit enough to do that.
 I read it was a thing as well where it was sort of--
 it was directly related to the afterlife.
 And by doing it, you were building up,
 as it were, bonus points.
 I don't know what for, but--
 you know, like how Mario collects coins.
 And it was just-- and it would do something for your next life.
 I didn't see that theory, OK.
 I love the ideas.
 They were outrunning gold age.
 That was all outrunning death.
 That was another theory.
 But you did?
 They did really have to collect all the right stuff
 for the afterlife, didn't they?
 Egyptian pharaohs.
 They're burying them with such a hassle.
 It was like going on a holiday for the rest of your life.
 So you have to pack everything you possibly needed.
 So all ancient Egyptian royals were buried with many breweries
 so that they had all the alcohol they would need for the afterlife,
 which is quite good.
 So it's like a really good source of how
 we know how they brewed beer and stuff in ancient Egypt.
 It's because if you look at all the tombs of people
 from 3,000 years ago, they all had a little brewery in them.
 They all had micro-breweries.
 They all had a micro-brewery bunch of hipsters.
 With the beer and little beers.
 And I've reached that before that.
 They used to have slaves specifically
 to keep their wine cool, to fan their wine,
 which I don't know how well it works.
 But they just go around with the fan, fanning the wine.
 Well, there was an ancient Egyptian pharaoh
 called Pepe the Second.
 And he used to have a thing where there
 was so many flies that would hit you in ancient Egypt.
 And it said that what he did was to make sure no flies ever landed on him.
 He always took with him a servant or a slave
 who was coated completely in honey, so that any fly would immediately sit on that.
 I learned that from horrible histories.
 It's good, sir.
 Yeah, good.
 Pepe the Second, he was, he reigned for 90 years,
 so it seems like he did this running thing 20 times.
 He reigned for 90?
 90 years, yeah.
 Yeah, they can't decide because it comes from one source.
 They think it might be that he reigned for about 64 years.
 On the Beards thing, they would always, they would shave.
 And then they would wear a false beard, which is supposed,
 I think it was an imitation of the gods,
 because I think they said that Osiris the God had a beard just like this.
 And so if you shave and you put it on a false beard, just like this.
 So there was a female pharaoh, wasn't there?
 And she always wore a fake beard.
 Exactly.
 Or something.
 Yeah.
 So the queen, if she was ancient, Egyptian would have to wear a fake beard as well.
 Yeah.
 And on a hatch episode, there has just been a new image of her discovered.
 This is very exciting, brand new archaeological discovery.
 And a new image of her has been found in Swansea.
 Really?
 Yeah, really.
 It's been in storage for 40 years at Swansea University's Egypt Center.
 And they were just having a standard teaching session
 going through a few of the images.
 And one of the professors, his name is Ken Griffin.
 He was examining it.
 And he thought, that's a hatch episode.
 And it's very hard, because they're all wearing a beard and normal male clothes
 in these depictions.
 So it's very hard to spot her.
 What was she doing in Swansea?
 Was that where she summit?
 Or--
 [LAUGHTER]
 Weird.
 I don't know.
 We should say that a lot of the information that we have about ancient Egypt
 comes from Greek sources.
 So a lot of it comes from Herodotus.
 And he was a good historian, a lot of ways.
 But then was sometimes a bit fanciful.
 But I really like this, which I think is Herodotus, about--
 I'd never read this before, about the Persian king,
 Kambeisis, who defeated Egyptian pharaoh
 called Samatek III.
 And he defeated him using his knowledge of Egyptian culture,
 specifically the fact that Egyptians worship cats, which is quite well known.
 So what he did was he was attacking the Egyptians.
 And he had this big army.
 But then rather than actually attack their army with his army,
 he took a bunch of cats hostage.
 And then he released them onto the battlefield as his front line.
 And actually, he had sort of backing them up a bunch of dogs, sheep,
 ibises, and whatever other animals the Egyptians hold dear.
 And the Egyptians just surrendered.
 They said, well, we can't kill any of those.
 Because they're precious to us.
 And they gave it.
 How many cats was it?
 It was quite a lot, right?
 I think it was many.
 Because that is quite--
 I mean, looking after cats like that and keeping them all in one place
 and making them stand in a row, I think he deserves it.
 I reckon that's why they ran away.
 And I like this guy as a cat whisperer.
 I read a thing if we're talking about pharaohs
 and the weird things that they got up to.
 There was one guy called pharaohs.
 And he--
 He gets a pharaoh called pharaohs.
 Yeah, I think so.
 Yeah, so the gnar was flooding.
 And he got very angry about that.
 So he went down to it, and he threw a spirit at it
 as if to say, get down and thought he could puncture it, maybe.
 And the gods were furious that he did that.
 So they blinded him.
 And as a result, he couldn't see.
 Obviously he was blind, but he really wanted to.
 So he spoke to, I believe it was an oracle,
 and said, I want my sight back.
 And she said, what you have to do is you
 have to wash your eyes with the urine of a woman
 who has never slept with anyone but her husband.
 So he thought, that's easy.
 I'll just use my wives.
 She's--
 So it didn't work.
 Yeah.
 She got another lot of trouble.
 I mean, that's just not going to work anyway, though,
 is it?
 There is no medical way that washing your blind eye
 in urine is ever going to work.
 And he said that, but he got every woman in town to come.
 And he sampled there--
 Oh, he put it there.
 He sampled their urine, and one eventually worked.
 And he got his sight back.
 So egg on your face.
 Urine on your face.
 It's like the original Cinderella, really, isn't it?
 It's pretty sharp, isn't it?
 Touring the land, wind my eye, wind my eye.
 No, it's not this one.
 James Bond turns up.
 I think I can help with this.
 Oh, we're going to have to move on shortly to the next act.
 I just have a fact about running that I've
 wanted to say for a while.
 And that is that in ancient times, in ancient Egypt,
 they didn't know what you're splendid.
 And so they would often remove it in long distance runners
 to make them run faster.
 Well, this is amazing.
 This is genuinely true.
 They basically, it was like a big organ
 than they thought, if they got rid of it,
 maybe they'll just be a bit lighter
 and you'd be able to run faster.
 Because they didn't know what it did.
 Does it-- does it work?
 Well, no.
 Let's give it a go.
 Is Paula Radcliffe missing a trick here?
 So here is the amazing thing.
 In 1922, some scientists at Johns Hopkins University
 removed the spleen from mice, and they ran faster.
 OK.
 And no one quite knows what causes a stitch.
 But one theory is that it's too much blood going to your spleen.
 But apparently, it's possible that by removing a spleen,
 you might not have a stitch as much.
 Of course, you would-- everything that the spleen does,
 you'd be in trouble for.
 I think-- I mean, I don't know if this is
 how you feel on the other side of me,
 but I feel like we're all looking at you,
 partly thinking, what a stupid idea, and partly thinking,
 but what exactly does the spleen do?
 Yeah.
 I think we're going to need to check the British cycling
 team for spleens at the end of the next season.
 But what does it explain yourself?
 What does it do?
 I think it's part of your immune system or something.
 Some of them-- some of them will probably
 50 people will come up and tell us after.
 And then lots of people will tweet me.
 But I think it's something to do with your immune system.
 OK.
 Can I tell you one quick thing about an Egyptian ferry
 that I like?
 Yeah.
 The ferry is Sassostris, who, whenever
 Sassostris conquered a city or conquered an army,
 if it had been a particularly easy conquest,
 then the first thing he would do was he'd
 go up to all their pillars and he'd
 draw a female genitalia all over them
 to imply that they were a bunch of cowards, which I know
 is very anti-feminist, but it is also quite funny.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow.
 OK.
 It is time for a final fact of the show.
 And that is Chazinsky.
 Oh, yeah.
 My fact this week is that people who smuggle drugs one way
 across a Sahara desert often smuggle pasta the other way.
 And this is pasta smuggling.
 It's a big deal.
 I read this in the economist.
 And so they did a little investigation.
 And it turns out that, if you're trafficking drugs,
 you have these big drugs that take them to a way
 you need to drop off the drugs.
 And then you've got empty trucks.
 So you might as well fill them with something.
 And so they stuffed pasta in them.
 And the drugs go north over the Sahara.
 And then they fill them up with pasta in countries
 like Libya or Algeria, because they have subsidized pasta
 prices.
 So it means that pasta is much cheaper there.
 So they shove their trucks full of tagliatelle
 and then they drive them back down through the Sahara
 and deliver them in places like more southern places,
 like the Ivory Coast, Storquac and Salmaco and Marley as well.
 Yeah.
 And the economist spoke to an expert who
 reckons that, by weight, pasta is the main product
 by weight that smuggled across the Sahara.
 Wow, just because you can make a profit on the other side.
 Yeah, exactly.
 You might as well, right, because you've got it.
 But still driving a truck full of pasta by yourself
 across the Sahara desert.
 There must be a cannoli life.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Mixed, mixed reaction.
 Did you say how they weight marks on the way back?
 No, they put-- they stick spaghetti sticking out of the desert
 in the sand.
 Right.
 So when's it going from Libya to Senegal,
 they're putting bits of spaghetti in so they know how
 to get back to Libya?
 Yes.
 Well, exactly.
 How do they see it?
 I don't know.
 That's the worst color to put as a way marker on sand.
 It is.
 It is weird that they're confused me.
 I wanted to think maybe take lots together,
 so at least it sticks up like a pole,
 because spaghetti isn't that long.
 And that is very different in West Africa.
 But also, when they're going the other way,
 do they stick like cocaine in the world?
 [LAUGHTER]
 So in the 13th century, they had pasta guilds in Italy.
 And they were fighting over the right to make pasta
 and hope got involved.
 And the Pope was just trying to sort out tensions.
 And he made a decree in 1641 requiring
 that all pasta shops be at least 25 yards apart.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So if you see two pasta shops that are closer than that apart,
 then that's basically-- they're excommunicated, basically.
 Wow.
 Just to stop them fighting.
 Yeah?
 Do you know in Italy, and please shout,
 if you're Italian or you're fluent Italian,
 and this isn't true, I think it was in the New York Times,
 but in Italy, there's a specific word that
 refers to pasta without salt.
 And the word is shioka, or shioccha.
 And it also means silly.
 So that's the word of a silly, which
 is also a pasta without salt.
 That's a stupid idea.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And in the 19th century, they made pasta
 by getting huge troughs full of dough,
 and they would trample them like wine, like wine grapes.
 And that's how you made it.
 Really?
 And the King of Naples wanted to modernize
 and wanted to find a new way of doing it.
 And the only way he could find of doing it
 was a huge mechanical man with bronze feet.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Last year, officials in Sudan seized more than 70
 use with sexual organs sewn onto them.
 So?
 What?
 Sorry, can you?
 So a U is a female sheep, and they
 sewed on male sheep sexual organs onto the female sheep.
 And that's because you have to pay a lot of tax--
 You're sorry, you have to pay a lot of tax.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Seems up, sir.
 [LAUGHTER]
 One has to pay a lot of tax for female sheep,
 because they're really good, and they
 can make lots of baby sheep and stuff.
 But actually, male sheep are not that important.
 And so if you're sending male sheep across,
 then you don't have to pay the tax.
 And so the way they did it is got the female ones,
 and just put little light sodson cock and balls on them.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And obviously it didn't work in the end,
 because they got caught.
 No, it didn't.
 They got caught.
 But we only know the time they got caught.
 This might have been happening for centuries.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It was called owling, actually.
 Wasn't it sheep smuggling?
 That's a version of owling, which
 was sort of the main version of smuggling
 that existed in England, specifically,
 from about the 1,300 until the 1,800s,
 because they didn't want other countries
 to be creating their own wool, I think.
 And so a lot we smothered wool out of England.
 And yeah, but confusingly called owling,
 we don't know why, probably, to just
 bewilder custom officials.
 And weirdly, I found someone which combined smuggling
 and pasta in another sense.
 OK.
 But it turns out to be a very disappointing story.
 I'm afraid.
 Basically, in 2012, there was smugglers
 who tried to smuggle four million fake cigarettes
 into the West Midlands.
 And they did so by hiding them in a pasta consignment.
 And I was really excited.
 And then it turned out that they just
 hid them behind Canaloni, actually.
 But they just hid them behind boxes of Canaloni,
 rather than what I assumed they had done, which
 was put the fake cigarettes inside penny.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I was-- I kid you not.
 I was so excited about it.
 I'm really excited.
 I'm glad you took us on your emotional journey there.
 Thank you.
 I wasn't strong enough fact without the emotional journey.
 That's the problem.
 No.
 I was reading about a modern smuggler who I really like,
 a guy called Robert Kusak, who's a Californian.
 And he was flying home from Thailand.
 He had been on holiday in Thailand.
 And he was undergoing a routine inspection
 at the airport when an exotic bird flew out of his bag,
 which was awkward.
 And so they searched his bags.
 And they found three more exotic birds.
 And they also found 50 orchids.
 And then the security official said,
 do you have any other contraband to declare?
 And he immediately said, yes, I've got monkeys in my pants.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They pulled down his trousers.
 And he did indeed have two pygmy monkeys down his pants.
 I've got a modern smuggler as well called Jasmine Claire.
 And she was caught off the back of a tip that
 was given to the Homeland Security.
 It was anonymously given saying that there
 would be possible smuggling activity taking place
 in the vicinity of a bed and breakfast
 called the smugglers in.
 So they took it as a real tip, as opposed to thinking
 that was a bad joke.
 And they set up a surveillance there.
 And they eventually saw someone who
 was doing the smuggling.
 It was Jasmine Claire.
 It turns out they were alerted to the fact
 it might be her, because the car that
 arrived had the vanity license plate smuggler--
 [LAUGHTER]
 --and it was her.
 And she had blocks of cocaine.
 Nine bricks of cocaine.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah.
 Smugglers are in smuggler on the license plate.
 It's the oldest double bluff I've ever heard.
 Sorry, it didn't work.
 So I became a bit obsessed with trying
 to find out-- I think we're all familiar with the term
 budgie smugglers.
 Oh, yeah.
 I'd get which other very tight swimsuits
 worn in Australia, and elsewhere.
 And I became obsessed with trying
 to find out if anyone has ever actually smuggled a budgie.
 And it was a very long search, and it's a hard search.
 I tried typing in the Latin name of the species.
 That didn't yield anything.
 I did find a paper called "The Smuggled Budgie"
 from 2010 for exciting etymology paper
 about the origin of the word budgie, like that.
 But--
 That's emotional journey is amazing.
 But I did find a guy in Cuba in 2014
 who-- this was pants based, as well.
 He was detained trying to board a flight to the USA
 with 66 birds inside his trousers.
 And he made it through the metal detector.
 Obviously, birds are not made of metal.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So he's doing great.
 But there were loads of bulges in his trousers,
 and he was stopped in the airport.
 And when the authorities at the airport stopped him,
 he said, OK, you got me.
 I am concealing a pigeon as a gift for my grandson
 in my trousers.
 I presume he thought they would say, OK, fine.
 No questions asked.
 Go on your way.
 Police forced him to remove his trousers,
 and they found dozens of finches and hummingbirds hidden
 inside his trousers and his pants.
 Yeah.
 And sometimes when people smuggle rare birds,
 they have to tape their beaks shut so they won't
 sing like a canary.
 But also, some people who smuggle them
 have their beaks facing inwards on the crotch region.
 Oh, it's just like a massive hostage of fortune.
 Why would they do that?
 I think it's just the very small--
 and I think it's the best place to hide them.
 Maybe it's pleasant, who knows.
 But it'll be happening in Silicon Valley
 with a fortnight of this podcast going out.
 I read about that guy, and the article
 specified that the two birds next to his genitals were dead.
 I don't know, kind of weird toxicity was happening there,
 but I killed two birds with one bone.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We're going to have to wrap up.
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, Andy.
 Andrew Hunter, Emma.
 James.
 That's James Harkin.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email Poghost@QI.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to our group account @nosuchthing,
 or a Facebook page.
 No such thing as a fish, or no such thing as a fish.com.
 It's our website.
 We have everything up there from links to our tour dates.
 We have our previous book that we released,
 and we also have a link to our new tape that we've released.
 And we're about to give a copy of it away right now
 to one of the members of our audience here in Belfast.
 Yeah.
 So if the person who wins it, if you
 can give us a shout when we say your fact,
 and the winner is Anna.
 So it's Natasha Riley.
 Are you here?
 Yeah, come get us at the end.
 This is the fact.
 When filming the battle scenes for Game of Thrones
 filmed in Northern Ireland, of course,
 the fighting was so intense that they
 had to create a safe word in case someone got hurt.
 So the safe word for Game of Thrones is banana.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's awesome.
 That's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much.
 Good night.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (audience cheering)
