 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another bonus segment. A new format and this is an extra special look
 behind the scenes to a process that happens every single week where the four of us sit down
 and we choose our favorite facts from each other's selection. It's normally a very
 dry and business-like conversation that takes three minutes and so, uh, take your watches.
 We're gonna be padding it out. There'll be some fluff. There'll be some extra fluff.
 And so how do we normally start? Normally we say who's got some facts. No, I think what happens is
 we go round in order and we have three or four facts that we say and then the rest of us decide
 which are good and which are not good. Yeah. So is the act of us recording this going to change it
 like beyond recognition? What do you mean? Well, you know how, isn't that a thing in physics?
 Well, you look at something and then it changes. Oh, the observer effect. Yeah. Yeah. So we might
 make bad decisions because we're recording it. Exactly. It's almost not we are observing,
 but we are the ones being observed. It might be that we make better decisions because we feel
 under more pressure. Yeah. Or we might say two honest things about each other's facts that we
 might not have... Well, I'm a bit worried. ...for comedic reasons. Oh, right. Yeah. Yeah,
 hurt each other's feelings. I think it's going to be like the Wizard of Oz where you lift up the
 curtain at the end. He's just a sad old man. That's what you're all going to realise. He's just three
 sad old men. I was going to say. All right. So James. Sad old man number one. Okay. What's your
 favourite facts from this week? I'll give you my list. I'll just give you the first one on my
 list. So 804 pineapples were consumed at Robert Louis Stevenson's 44th birthday party. Wow.
 That's a very good fact. What do you think? Well, they were worth so much back then.
 Not so much to the people on the island where he was, where they were growing all over the place.
 If they took them back to the UK, they were really, really precious. Fools. Yeah.
 Wasn't it like Samoa? American Samoa? It was in the South Pacific for sure.
 Is this the place where he gave away his birthday to a girl? Remember he...
 Yes. Have we covered that before? Yeah, I think we have on the show.
 I can't remember why she didn't have a birthday though. Her birthday was either on Christmas
 Day or New Year's Day, I think, so she didn't like it. I read there was a Roman emperor. I can't
 remember which one it was and he said that anyone who had a birthday on a Sunday could change it to
 any other day they wanted. Why? That's quite good. Because you're not allowed to booze up on a Sunday?
 I think it was something like that. I think it must have been a later one when Catholicism had taken
 over. Yeah. But yeah, it's like on a Sunday you had to go to church or whatever, so he was like,
 "Oh well, maybe you have your birthday on a Tuesday instead." Good guy. But if we covered that stuff
 before and maybe we could do birthday parties? We could do. I feel like we've done pineapples
 a lot as well in the territory I was talking about, a sort of hell.
 From Bowman's book. Yeah, you said about pineapple boy who would sleep with the pineapples at night
 and very painful, isn't it? That's a mafia threat actually. You're going to be sleeping with the
 pineapples. Oh, I thought you meant they leave a dead pineapple in your bed. Just the hair. It's
 just that top bit. Yeah. It's great though. It's great depending on how many people came. If
 5,000 people came to the past, it was the whole island basically. It's actually not that many
 pineapples per person. I wonder if many of them have fingerprints on that island. You know that
 thing when you're dealing pineapples a lot, it burns off your fingerprints. Yes. You know what?
 We said that and I'm pretty sure. Didn't Tom Scott do a video, our friend Tom, who's been on
 the show? I think he did a video trying to burn off his own fingerprints and it didn't quite work.
 Ah, okay. I just feel like it should work because there are enzymes in there. All I'm going to say
 is that we've done very little on Robert Louis Devenson actually. Andi has got the spreadsheet
 in front of him. Gone into the archives. 30,000 facts. We've mentioned one headline fact about
 him, which is that he died halfway through making a batch of mayonnaise. Really? That was five years
 ago. And I think probably the soil has refurbished itself since then. So we could do that. Give
 us another one. Okay. So here's another one. In 2010, Jaguar made a card that sounded like an
 actual Jaguar. That's great. Does it actually... It goes... Can it climb trees? With its prey?
 No, but it can run faster than a Jaguar can. I was confusing Jaguars and cheaters then because
 it's cheaters, isn't it? Who go, "Meow." Which would be actually way more impressive for a car.
 No, Jaguar's doing that. "Rar." That's great. Is that designed for when you're at a red light
 to intimidate the person next year? No, it's just really to show off, I think. And it's because
 they're called Jaguar. Yeah, and supercars are quite interesting. They're quite sort of cool.
 Is it too... Yeah, because there's a Fiat Panda, isn't there? It's just chomping bamboo.
 Is it too controversial at the moment, just because people are so angry about Jaguar's new logo,
 and we don't want to be that divisive? I didn't see that. Oh, you're not online enough.
 They had a... You know my family, what's happened? I don't know. Your family... Yeah, but they are
 known as Jaguar and Jaguar. My mum and my brothers have lost the plot. Okay, well, here's one. Here's
 one for the lads. Penises are getting bigger, and doctors are very worried about it.
 Interesting. That's good. Why are they getting bigger? We don't know. That's the problem. That's
 the worry. They've got lots of details about how long penises have been historically,
 because we have lots of medical records, and they've noticed that in the last
 20, 30 years, they're a little bit longer than they used to be. Is it like, oh no,
 is it big underpand? Terrified that these things are just going to bust through.
 They're not that much bigger. So we're talking fresh children. It's not like the three of us
 sitting here have just slightly... Like, compared to your grandfather, for instance.
 You must have done that comparison when you were younger. You know, all generations of a family
 line up. You've got the wall chart, which is how tall you are vertically as you age.
 The x-axis, yeah. I suppose, are we worried because we're worried that vaginas are not
 proportionally improved in size? Yeah, what's the word? No, you know, classic sexism, they haven't,
 as far as I know, looked at the average death of vaginas, obviously. Well, they can check my
 family wall chart. It's a volume thing, though, isn't it? Yeah, it is. It's a vase on the man's
 piece. It's a vase, yes. Like a matrioshka doll. So, the reason that we're worried is because this
 is obviously an issue. If things are changing in genitals on humans, then there could be a problem
 in the future of, you know, where the future generations come from. We don't know why it's
 happening. And until we work out why it's happening, we don't know if it's a problem or if it isn't a
 problem. So, something, as of yet, a mysterious thing is making penises longer. It's a good fact.
 It's a good fact. It's a great mystery. It's quite penise, isn't it, as a fact? It is, actually.
 And we do sometimes try to avoid being too penise-y. Yeah, yeah. You wouldn't think so unless
 there were penises. You have no idea the number of penises I have to swatch. Okay, well, that's
 my three. Are we going to choose them now or should we choose them at the end? No, let's
 check because we'll find out the mix of which ones fit best. Yes. Thank you for your submissions,
 James. Okay, so it's the jaguars, the penises, or the pineapples? Lovely. Lovely. Very good.
 Dan Schreiber, have you got any true facts for us this week? I have three true facts. Yeah. So,
 a Christian marriage is not consummated if contraception is used. That's according to a
 theologian called Fryer Hardon. Right. Again. Again, a bit of penisey. Again. Where? Good, though.
 Where? Fryer Hardon. I see now. I get it. Yeah. Fryer Hardon is actually slightly taller than
 his predecessor at the monastery. Yeah. Actually, that's weird. I've got two facts where I've been
 drawn to the the name being sort of nominative determinism about. Is he a big deal? Well, he's
 okay. In what world? He died about a decade, maybe a bit more ago, but they're trying to
 canonize him. They want him to become a saint. Saint Hardon. Saint Hardon. He's got a lot of
 controversies about him. Not him personally, but he sort of helped people who were doing
 bad things. The usual. Yeah, that's so weird because another one of my facts here is when
 Shakespeare's Venus and Adonis was published, it was first condemned for encouraging masturbation,
 and I found that in a paper by a guy called James Seaman. Jesus Christ. Why are you Googling?
 Can you stop using your only found search terms to do your fact-finding?
 But yeah, so that's one of them. They're both very funny.
 They are funny, but do you have anything that's more of a fact? I've got two more. I've got,
 I like this. Some banks provide their super rich customers with a wealth psychologist,
 so they help them to deal with all the guilt that they have because they've got so much
 damn money. They're just like, "I'm breaking down," and they have someone to come in and say,
 "Hey, it's okay being that rich. You're fine. You're good." I wonder how much those psychologists
 charge. You'd feel so free about charging. You know how I can assuage your guilt a little bit?
 They're in-house, so it's while they're having the guilt that they sort of press the intercom
 and say, "Send wealth psychologists." The problem is once you've been working in that industry for
 long enough, then you have to get a psychologist yourself to sort you out with all the money you've
 made. Oh, cool. It's wealth psychologists all the way down. Okay, that's really good.
 Well, it's just a cool job that I didn't know existed, or a weird job, rather, that I didn't
 know existed. I got one last one. Queen Elizabeth I never visited Shakespeare's Globe,
 but she did visit a venue down the road at least six times to watch bears fighting with dogs and
 monkeys. To be fair, more entertaining than a comedy of errors. Yeah. This was a big thing
 back in the day. I got this from my friend, Dr Matthew Green. He wrote a book which my wife
 actually published called London A Traveler's Guide Through Time, and it was in there that
 I read that. Oh, that's a really good book. It's a great book, yeah. It's as if he's a time traveling
 tourist guide walking you through different times in London. Yeah, I got that in there.
 That's very interesting because I didn't know that we knew whether or not Elizabeth had gone to
 Shakespeare's Globe. That's very cool. She liked to bear bait. According to quite a few places,
 I've read she never went to the Globe. If we did that, that's a really fun subject of cruel,
 old animal sports. Well, it's just interesting what was going on parallel to what Shakespeare
 was putting on in the Globe, and was actually weirdly more popular amongst the higher echelons,
 like the Queen herself. Have we done things like bear baiting much before, or, you know,
 fox tossing? I don't think we have done fox tossing because I think we had Ed
 brought kitchen oil, but that's right. I don't think we've done bear baiting. I'm not sure whether
 we want to necessarily go into bear baiting. Is it not funny, even if it was 500 years ago?
 Anyone who knew those bears is dead now. Yeah. It puts exit pursued by a bear into a new light,
 doesn't it? Yeah. He just nicked that stage direction for the show down the road.
 But I think, yeah, what's happening around Shakespeare's time, the rude names.
 Well, I guess we wouldn't talk about the rude names. We would talk about
 the legal definition of a marriage. Yeah, well, it's interesting because this is a genuine debate
 within, so I picked Frye hard on for obvious reasons, but that is a debate. When is a marriage
 consummated? According to one side, it's when semen has been released into another body,
 it's body flesh on flesh, flesh in flesh, whatever. And then the other side says that...
 Do you mean sorry, Barbara Seaman, one of the key women involved in making birth control available?
 Are you kidding? No, I'm not even kidding. It's called Barbara Seaman.
 Well, yeah. Should have saved that, shouldn't you? Yeah.
 Can't in fact do more. Andy's used up as only interesting facts.
 Yeah, but I mean, yeah, it's interesting debate on both sides. And then, yeah, like weird jobs
 in banks, I think is an interesting one as well. Yeah. Are we picking now or are we...
 No, no, no, we'll do it. All right. So, hold on, remind us the themes of...
 You've got four. You've got Seaman. Frye hard on. Yeah, Frye hard on.
 I've got bear fighting dog and monkey, and I have banks with wealth psychologists.
 All right. Okay, nice. Andrew Montemari.
 Colonel Sanders was a part-time midwife. Did he get nearly family pockets?
 Well, there was some finger licking going on.
 Well, that's it, isn't it? Okay, well, we've done all the jokes.
 James, you could then say your fact, which I think is the best fact you've ever told me.
 What was it? About fish smell.
 Oh, that's really rude. Oh, no.
 What? You wouldn't say it was rude if it was about penises?
 Yeah. Okay, well, let me just say that there is a chemical in your body
 that if you're a woman will make your genital smell fishy. And that same chemical is put into
 vegan fish fingers to give the smell of fish to what otherwise would just smell of bean curd
 or whatever it is. I can imagine if we put that out, some fish finger maker will actually sue us
 for their sales plummeting. Because I'm never buying them again.
 I'm not sure it's all of them, just to save me, save my back. But I think that is true, actually.
 But it's not, this is a synthetic chemical that's being used. It is not being harvested.
 They've asked me to volunteer. It's not like captain's bed size.
 Quick dip. Below decks on his ship. Since he went veggie, it's all changed. Oh, gosh. Okay.
 Anyway, so I can't remember the original fact now.
 Colonel Sanders. We must have covered him quite a lot. We actually haven't.
 Thank you very much. We've done the biggie where he, we've talked about how he's sold it off and
 he became, he opened up a separate one. We have mentioned something about his tombstone.
 We've mentioned that his autobiography was called Life as I Know It Has Been Finger-Licking Good.
 We've done that KFC is actually not from K, it's from Utah.
 And we've done that he drove around, he traveled a quarter of a million miles visiting KFC Brodges.
 I'm really surprised we haven't done the fact that he sold it, because that's.
 Yeah, I thought we had, we must have cut it. How about they released a novel?
 As well. Remember the romance novel that was released about him? Oh, yeah.
 We did that, I'm sure. Wings of Desire. Yes, we have for that. So anyway, is that one?
 Yeah, great. He's a great character. In Inwardian times, you could order a barrel of
 seawater to your home from the sea, so you could keep on enjoying the sea even after your holiday ended.
 That's nice. You keep getting the smell of the sea. It's basically that.
 Are you just trying to crowbar that? Facts it again.
 I think that fact has been offered to you guys in the past and you've turned it down.
 Really? I think so. The veggie fish finger one. I feel like it.
 I would have, if it sounds like a third of the thing, I would turn it down.
 I hadn't heard it. I hadn't heard it until you saw it.
 It's very raucous. I think if we were on Joe Rogan, that would be your fact.
 Okay, good. What was that? Oh, yeah, seawater. Seawater to your home.
 Is that for health purposes, or you just like the smell of the sea?
 It's for health purposes. Like taking the waters in a bar or something?
 Taking the waters. This is from a great train-based email
 sub-stack that I've subscribed to. I'm just keen to talk about.
 Yeah, sounds good. It's called Reading on Trains.
 That's about seawater. That's not a train.
 I'll mostly be talking about Edwardian rail infrastructure.
 Obviously. As you knew.
 Let's hear another one.
 After Uri Gela did a magic show at Eaton, the student who'd invited him had to apologize to
 the catering staff because all the cutlery was bent out of shape.
 I remember this one. It's very funny. Do we want to give Uri Gela the air time?
 All the cutlery. How many people were there?
 Hundreds of spoons have been bent because if you haven't heard of Uri Gela,
 who's not really in the news march these days, he's a very famous spoon bender from the 90s and
 90s. Please don't sue me, Uri Gela. Sorry, I'm just getting something. He is going to sue me.
 I might as well say it anyway. He used to just bend it against the table, didn't he?
 He would say, "What's that over there?"
 When you look back, the spoon has magically been bent.
 But how did he do that to every single spoon in Eaton?
 Yeah, it doesn't make sense.
 Yes. This is from an interview with a society magician called Drummond Money Coots.
 Oh, yeah.
 We've met him. I've met him.
 You'd bank with him that you don't use money.
 He's your wealth guilt magician.
 Just put all of your money in this pile.
 It's gone to the shrink.
 Yeah, yeah. Interesting.
 Yeah. Okay. Do we want to talk about Uri Gela?
 We could do it.
 Oh, I have so much on Uri Gela.
 Really?
 Yeah, I've read multiple biographies.
 Why do you talk surprise?
 Remind me of your three?
 Spoon bending.
 Spoon bending.
 Sorry, Uri Gela at Eaton.
 Edwardian Barrel Seawater and Colonel Sanders Big Midwife,
 which he genuinely was.
 He delivered babies in his local area.
 Good stuff.
 Okay. I know. Have you got some?
 Good stuff. Oh, yeah. I need to have some as well.
 Okay. So my fact options this week.
 I really like this one.
 In China, Japan and Korea,
 clothes traditionally had to be ripped apart
 every time they were washed and sewn back together again afterwards.
 Oh, that's interesting.
 I like that one.
 I've worn traditional Korean dress in the last two months.
 And do tear it to shreds?
 Do you not remember when I did the podcast?
 You guys, no one mentioned that.
 I was quite hurt actually.
 Is it called a Habok maybe?
 Yes, the Habok's were they used to wear all the time.
 Still do. Still do.
 They're still the height of fashion.
 Sorry, they're very fashionable items.
 I think they're often worn more occasionally these days,
 but back in the day, it would be an every day
 and you had to tear it up, wash it.
 Sometimes you'd have winter clothes
 and they'd have to take all the stuffing out
 and take it to pieces, wash it and then sew it all back up again.
 If you wear a Habok in Seoul,
 then you get into all the museums for free, which is why I don't know.
 Wow. Is that why you did it?
 Yeah.
 Well, I remember you posting a picture online.
 Yeah. And you open it by saying,
 "Before anyone thinks cultural appropriation is going on here,
 is there a cloakroom that you have put your entire outfit into
 that you wore to get there?"
 Actually...
 Someone else walks around James's house at the same time.
 A Korean, a random Korean person has to go to North London.
 That's cool, Anna.
 Okay, that's good.
 Yeah.
 Why do they want to rip them up?
 Yeah, just so that's how the clothes are made.
 Yeah, okay.
 I'm not regular making clothes back then.
 I like it. I like it.
 Okay, also have that.
 The 13th Labor of Hercules was to impregnate 49 out of 50 daughters
 of a king in one night.
 Okay.
 Who knew?
 Did he not fancy the 50th?
 What was the story there?
 That's partly why I want to do it.
 In some versions, they say he did all 50,
 but I prefer the version where the king said,
 "Leave this one alone."
 Does he do that before or after he's cleaned the stables of the million
 horses or whatever it was?
 It was before, so then he could clean up afterwards,
 because it was all in the stables before.
 Oh my God.
 I actually knew this fact because years ago Richard Herring did
 one of his Edinburgh shows as trying to replicate
 all of the labor.
 Yeah, all of Hercules.
 That's very funny.
 Yeah, and that was a real struggle that one.
 Well, 50 pregnant women came away from every single show.
 He had to work out how to interpret that one.
 You know, what does he do?
 No, no, the show was his adventures out in the wild,
 and then he reports it as his one-hour show.
 I think he went on 50 dates.
 I think that was the plan.
 Wow.
 Something like that.
 And they were all sisters?
 No.
 So, these all sisters.
 I think he had to bend the rules.
 Yeah.
 Who's the mum?
 It is mythology.
 She must have a heck of a vase.
 They might have been most full maths.
 It's one of those huge sarcophaguses.
 Oh dear.
 Sorry, it's not normally this bawdy.
 I think the observer effect is really kicking in.
 Yeah, that's what I mean.
 I also think for the people listening,
 we've just done a full podcast before this,
 so I think we're a bit giddy.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So what else you got?
 So, what else you got?
 So, I'm pregnant with 50 women in one night.
 And then I've got that.
 If you publish a book in Norway,
 the government will buy a thousand copies of it.
 That's good.
 That's good.
 That's quite cool.
 Is that for libraries?
 For libraries, exactly.
 Yeah, just encouraging creativity.
 That's great.
 So guys, if only you'd published your books in Norway,
 you would have sold a few more.
 That's good.
 We've done something like that before.
 Was it Iceland where everyone publishes a book?
 Yeah, maybe we've done similar stuff.
 Small countries with loads of writers.
 That's really cool though.
 If any of our books was printed there,
 would the Norwegian government be interested?
 Or is it only if you're Norwegian?
 If you're Norwegian, I think.
 Yeah, sorry.
 They don't want to encourage British talent or lack of, you know.
 And I was looking at me when she said lack of.
 I was looking into the distance.
 That's a great fact.
 I like that.
 Yeah, love that.
 There's that one.
 And then there's that ancient Rome had a secret name.
 And to this day, no one knows what it was.
 Oh, Dan's interesting.
 Why is that?
 Why, what's it called?
 It was some sort of defensive thing.
 It was like, we have to have the secret name.
 And as long as no one finds out what it is, Rome is safe.
 And that's it, I never heard of this.
 Isn't it weird that all roads lead to George?
 You'd be executed for saying that.
 Oh, no.
 That was it.
 As people were, I just never knew this.
 How many people knew it?
 Hardly any.
 The top, top dogs.
 So a mom, you listen, read this as a dad.
 Oh yeah, very nice.
 I like that.
 That's really good.
 I like mysteries.
 It just feels like, you know,
 you think you know everything about Rome after ten years of doing this job?
 Have we done Rome too much?
 Question.
 And not really, not really.
 I mean, we've done lots on Rome.
 But like, no, do actually doing Rome as a, no, I don't think.
 What if you said the name accidentally because you didn't know it?
 Oh yeah.
 Like, am I in trouble then?
 If it was out like a zam and you were just,
 like you just said it earlier.
 Exactly.
 I'm pissing about.
 I don't think you could be executed for that
 unless there's been a misunderstanding.
 Right.
 But I don't, I don't know.
 Because like if you swear in front of a small child,
 and you don't want them to learn that word and repeat it,
 you then have to just act like you haven't said anything unusual at all.
 You know what I mean?
 Like, I had someone, I accidentally said, I said,
 I said a very rude word.
 I said, really?
 Just say it.
 We're adults.
 Bummer.
 Bummer.
 I can't remember what I said.
 I swore in front of a child the other day.
 And I just had to carry on.
 Right.
 You know, because if you go, oh, whoops,
 then they'll say, what does it,
 what does fuck stick me?
 I'm going to say, did your wife whisper to you,
 I think you got away with calling him a motherfucker.
 That's cool.
 And we don't know what the word is.
 We don't know what the word is.
 Well, we might find out in our research.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 If we do, then we've blown like 3000 years of history wide open.
 All right.
 Should we choose what we're going to choose?
 Choose our choices.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Decide our decision.
 Right.
 Okay.
 So I reckon this week, Anna, you have to be the ones to choose.
 So we'll tell you our keywords
 and you decide which ones.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 James remind me of three, three facts.
 So mine were pineapples, penises, jaguars.
 What was the penis you want to get?
 It's the fact that they're getting bigger.
 Oh yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was a long time ago.
 Yeah.
 Andy.
 Colonel Sanders made right.
 Yuri Geller at Eaton.
 And ordering barrels of water, sea water.
 Just on.
 Okay.
 Dan, what were yours?
 Barefighting, wealth psychologist, Friar Hardon.
 Nice.
 And mine were 13th labor of Hercules,
 ripping apart your clothes and secret name for Rome.
 And so I'm going to choose.
 So James's facts going to be...
 But we're not going to actually reveal what facts we're going to do.
 Otherwise, you've got no incentive to listen to the show.
 So tune in a few weeks time to find out what we selected.
 Thank you for listening to this behind the scenes thriller
 that you've just been exposed to yet to be named.
 We'll see you again in a few weeks.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
