 "Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish or weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Shriver and I'm sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and
 James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favourite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy."
 "My fact is that to be a tennis umpire, you have to learn a 230 page book.
 This is a rule book specifically, that's tennis, it's not novel."
 "And this is specifically the U.S. tennis association, so over in Britain we've got
 the Lawn Tennis Association which is a slightly different thing."
 "It's the more off-you-er rules you think for the lawn one."
 "I don't know, I haven't been able to."
 "It's going to be similar isn't it?"
 "Probably a similar leg."
 "Yeah, but I have been reading the rules of Wimbledon, and so is Wimbledon this same
 guide book?"
 "Wimbledon is lawn tennis."
 "Oh yes, of course."
 "Change Tours is almost immediate."
 "I think the rules are generally going to be the same, aren't they?
 It's not like in Wimbledon you're allowed to kick the ball over."
 "In American tennis you have to hit it outside the light."
 "When they have to learn it, do they get tested on it, do they have to memorize the
 whole thing?
 Keep it as a reference kind of in their pocket."
 "Well, I used to be a football referee, I was qualified as a football referee and you
 have to do an exam.
 So you really only have to learn what comes up on the exam, really."
 "It's kind of like a driving test, you have to learn a 500-page book on the rules of
 driving, but actually you can't recite that from start to finish, can you?"
 "Can't you?"
 "Can't you?"
 "Go on, that's why you're constantly crashing your car over the place."
 "For a tie, who I'm constantly referring to a 500-page book."
 "Go on, give us some rules."
 "All right, so I think it's quite well known that at Wimbledon you can get fine for swearing."
 "Yes, and you?"
 "Yeah, I didn't find $20,000 if you swear."
 "Does it depend on the word?"
 "No."
 "Oh, so you might as well use the strongest one."
 "You may as well, yeah."
 "But if you go-"
 "That's if you're a player, right?"
 "If you're a player."
 "I'm just walking around the grounds, "Oh, fuck, it's overcharged me for my beer, and
 they take you away."
 "20,000."
 "Thank you."
 "That could have bought you one planet of strawberries."
 "No, if you go out in the first round, though, that is nearly half your winnings you would
 have spent on swearing once."
 "Oh, wow, wow."
 "And the umpires and the staff, they have to learn swear words in other languages in
 case a Latvian tennis player swears in Latvian."
 "Oh, that makes so much sense."
 "It's interesting about the people being paid if you lose in the first round because
 that was in the news last week because people were losing in the first round injured and
 they knew they were injured going into it, but they've turned up and played anyway and then
 just given up halfway through to get the money.
 And the thing is, they've worked together, you know what, I mean, over the whole year they've
 got their rankings high enough that they get to where they are, so they kind of is fair
 enough, I think.
 "I think it's totally fair enough."
 "I've been like one of us turning up with no facts.
 That's me every week."
 "Right, yeah, but everywhere we find you, 20,000 pounds."
 "But Dan, over the last three years, has done enough to earn his place and done enough
 to just turn up with no facts."
 "Yeah, yeah."
 "I'll tell you what's bad though, is the fact that tickets to Wimbledon cost a fortune to
 get center court as well.
 You're paying huge amounts of money well in advance.
 So on this particular day we're talking about, in this current Wimbledon competition, Federer
 was playing.
 So you're thinking, I get to see Federer center court of Wimbledon.
 This guy pulls out 25 minutes since of the match or so.
 Next match, Djokovic comes on.
 Same thing happens.
 Guy pulls out.
 "You've got center court tickets for two of the great tennis players of our time."
 "You do expect that in the first round.
 Don't get center court tickets in the first round."
 "Oh, what?"
 "Yeah."
 "I literally get some for the final and semi."
 "That's me."
 "The box."
 "I don't know.
 Obviously, it's ridiculous, but there just should be rules.
 It's stupid to imagine that an individual should make that decision.
 There just needs to be health check."
 "So in normal tennis, that's not the Grand Slam.
 They do have the rules.
 So if you're injured, but you've already qualified, you get your money.
 And then a substitute comes in and they play and they only get money if they win.
 So if they lose, they don't get anything, but if they go through to the second round,
 they do get money.
 "Oh, but they don't play under your name.
 You've been there."
 "They have to put on a mustache if you've got a mustache."
 "Learn these swear words in my language."
 "But I think it might have been the other Andy Murray's idea to do that and they brought
 it in this year as a trial, and it seems to be working quite well."
 "That's cool."
 "Okay."
 "Like that, the other Andy Murray.
 Yeah.
 "Someone who's been the other Andy Murray until now, literally now, when you just said
 that.
 But just on the swearing thing quickly, there is another rule which is about visible obscenity,
 which I had never read before, and so it's this.
 For the purposes of this rule, visible obscenity, stop doing that, James, with your hands, is
 visible obscenity, is defined as the making of signs by a player with his hands and/or racket
 or balls that commonly happen obscenity.
 And does it define what they mean by balls in that situation?"
 "There's even a rule on abuse of balls, abuse of balls.
 Yeah.
 Players shall not violently, dangerously, or with anger, hit, kick, or throw, a tennis ball."
 Because that happened.
 Was that Tim Henman did that once?
 Yes, he's the first player ever to be kicked out of Wimbledon for...
 Was he?
 Yeah.
 What?
 Yeah, because you...
 So another thing that swearing does for you is if you don't get a fine, you get a penalty
 point, and you can be penalized out of a match.
 So there's a famous example of a guy called Bryden Klein.
 He was facing a guy called Sam Groth, and during the match he served, and this was in the
 final game, but he was losing, served it into the net, and just yelled out, "Stupid, stupid
 person, talking about himself," he claimed.
 But the umpire said, "I don't know who you directed that at, but that's rude.
 You've been given a penalty point, and because he got one earlier in the match, the match
 was over.
 They didn't even get to finish the match."
 "Stupid, stupid person."
 "Stupid, stupid person."
 It's very rude and Latvian.
 The funniest bit about it, though, is that he looked to the other player to say, "Hey, come
 on.
 Like, bail me out here."
 Like, that was me.
 The guy said, "I'd like to help you, but it's too tough to call from here," and he pointed
 to the line's woman, and so the guy, who said, "Stupid, stupid person," said, "She's
 a 60-year-old lady wearing Leica, and then he stopped himself," because he's like, "Ooh,
 I'm about to get another penalty point."
 I read some of the rules.
 This is for normal tennis, which is not Wimbledon.
 One of them is quite good.
 The event organizer has to announce how many balls they'll have before the event in play
 at any time.
 The number of balls to play is either two, three, four, or six.
 "Ooh."
 "I want to know what happened with five.
 Why not five?"
 "Oh, yeah.
 Why not five?"
 "I think we understand that, though."
 "It's to do with how many you're in a can.
 You wouldn't open a new can for just one ball, I guess, but you wouldn't have seven
 either.
 It feels a bit wrong about it."
 So you're allowed two or three, but no other prime numbers, is that what you're saying?
 "Yes, exactly."
 "Yes, exactly."
 "I think it might be dance explanation, because you do get cans in three or four portions,
 but then you wouldn't be able to get one and two either, that doesn't make any sense."
 Well, one tennis ball can will be a very sorry sight indeed.
 "It's like a tiny pringles.
 Just on balls, I didn't know this, but men and women, tennis, play with different balls."
 The only reason I read about this was that in March 27th at the Miami Open, Andy Murray,
 mid-game, complained to the umpire that he was playing with women balls.
 The idea is that the female ball is much quicker, much speedier.
 You have so many dominant male servers in the game that it means that they're almost
 unreturnable, so the male tennis ball is a bit more fluffy, which means a bit more drag
 in the air, which means that it slows the game down, and with the female balls, it just
 has way more speed on it.
 "That is amazing."
 "That's when I learned it as well when Andy Murray complained about that, and I think the
 whole country went when he did that.
 What the hell?
 There are women's balls, and I felt like Andy Murray had leaked something that maybe no
 one was supposed to know."
 "Yeah, because I have read an article about the behind the scenes of Wimbledon, basically,
 and it refers to the guy who's basically the ballmaster, who's a man called Brian, and
 Wimbledon uses two lorries of balls every year, uses 57,000 balls, and they're all kept
 at the same temperature in rooms under Centricort, and apparently they're now divided into
 men's and ladies' balls, and no one mentions them."
 "But this is why I think the can argument for them being no five ball games can't be
 right because they've got a lorry load of them, right? It doesn't really matter about having
 five or six or seven."
 "Do you think they're just three balls stuffed into a lorry, and they open the lorry and
 they all cascade out?"
 "I think it of it as a world's greatest ball pit."
 "Yeah, and that is amazing."
 "The thing is though, the lorry carrying the ladies' balls actually drives a lot faster
 to get the Wimbledon, because it's got less fluff on the outside of it."
 "So one thing that they're really strict on at Wimbledon is clothing, and I didn't
 realise how many players have objected to this in the past. So obviously, at Wimbledon,
 you have to wear all whites, which isn't the same other grandstands. And on Drey Agassie refused
 to play at Wimbledon until he was 21, which I know doesn't sound real, but you know, he didn't
 play the juniors around this."
 "I too refused to play at Wimbledon until it was 21. I'm still refusing, actually. I want
 to say change that rule. You're in. But yeah, he refused, and then eventually he's
 succumbed and said, "Oh, I'm obviously going to win this a bunch of times, so I'll
 be back." But he used to wear denim shorts to play his grandslams, which is an insane thing
 to wear. There was a woman in Yuzumi Bouchard, who I think still plays, but Yuzumi Bouchard
 in 2015 got a dress code violation for, there was a black brass strap showing. So there's
 only one centimetre of any other colour allowed at Wimbledon. And she was wearing a white
 sports bra underneath, because the rules say, as you will know, if you've read this document,
 any undergarments that either are or can be visible during play, brackets including due to
 perspiration, closed brackets must be completely white. As in, make sure when you wet your white
 shirt, you can't say a black brand underneath. What if your perspiration gives you miscoloured
 stains? What if you piss yourself off?
 I don't think you will be able to find £20, £4 pissing yourself on centre court.
 Especially as you go to the umpire, I've pissed myself, and they go, "That's another
 £20." Actually, last year there was controversy. There was a Uruguayan player called Pablo
 Crivas, and he was accused of urinating into a ball can during a match under his towel.
 He was issued with a code violation, although Wimbledon Chiefs did say, and I'm quoting
 here, "No urination was involved." So he just got his willy out?
 And put it in a ball can. You might want to cool it down during a match. That's true. Yeah.
 I was playing tennis the other day, and we lost a crucial point because what ended up
 happening was my doubles partner hit the ball, didn't quite capture it, and hit it again
 in the same swing. You're allowed to do that. You're allowed to do that. It turns out,
 reading this rule book, it says you were allowed to do that. We lost that crucial point.
 In the same swing. It has to be in the same follow through, the same swing. So if you hit it
 in the ball bounces, obviously, you can't do that. If you hit it away and you chase after
 it and you get it, but if it's in literally the same motion and you just almost scoop it slightly.
 Like golf, for instance, where if you do a double hit, that counts as a penalty.
 Because surely once you hit it, it's moving away from you faster than the... Depends
 how good you are. Because sometimes your first hit is almost a stopping point for it.
 Well, let's say it hits the rim of the racket, and then it kind of slows down,
 and then you kind of hit it with the strings. So I think that's why it's probably
 existing, because that does often happen. You rim it and then it hits the other bit of your racket,
 and it's a double hit. So I've seen you play ten or something.
 You struggle with single hits. I do. I do. In Wimbledon, not only do they have 230 page rule book
 for the games, they have a rule book for the queue. Well, there's rules anyway. You get given it
 in the queue as soon as you join. Because it's a main big thing, isn't it, the queue? People stay
 there for days. The rules are no barbecues, no gazeboes, no music after 10pm, and any tent can only hold
 a maximum of two people. Why is that? Or three or four or six, but no, it's to stop having massive
 tents, because there's only a certain amount of space they want, you know. But couldn't you have a
 massive tent, but only two of you in it? Well, again, that's the kind of thing that's trying to stop,
 I think. Oh, I see, yeah. Yeah, I've done the queue, and they try to make it fun. It is, you know,
 you start queueing it, I think we start queueing it four in the morning, and we manage to get onto
 one of the very outer courts. So I don't think I've ever done anything fun that began at four AM.
 Except for if you've been up until four, right? Oh, yeah. There you go. I've never done that.
 The thing about the grass at Wimbledon, I found out is that obviously they're very, very,
 I was about to say precious. They're just very precise about the grasses, and it's treated,
 it's shaved by exactly a millimeter each week for 12 weeks. But the guy who does it, the head
 groundsman is called Neil Stubbly. So you would have to kneel down to make it Stubbly. Yeah,
 did you see that that study just came out that says you can predict who's going to win a tennis
 match based on the noises they make, and they're grunting. If the noise to the making, oh shit.
 It's kind of similar. It's so the analysed a bunch of top tennis players and the pitch of the
 grunts they make and the higher pitch, the grunts go, the more likely it is you'll lose. And in every
 case, you get higher and higher. You're getting less and less good at tennis. Funny. You don't
 grunt at all when playing tennis. Neither do I. No, I need the raw viewer elite spots people. I do,
 I mean, I do sometimes say things like that's another game to you. But a lot of people think
 that even though it's not against the rules, grunting is against the spirit of the rules. Yeah,
 because it basically gives you a non-fair advantage according to some people over the opposition.
 It does. Wasn't there a specific coach who's like known as the grunt coach? Yeah, he's called Nick
 Bollettieri. Right. And he looks after sellers, Agassi and Schrapperver and the William Sisters,
 and they're all big grunters. And he says that actually he doesn't tell them to do that. It just
 hell happens to be the case that they do. But then other people think that he's telling them to do it
 because it stops you from being able to hear the sound the ball makes on the racket. And that
 might be able to give you some clue as to what spin might be on it or whatever. There was a study
 that did show that grunting makes people respond more slowly in tennis. And so it is number advantage.
 I saw yesterday morning on the BBC, there was a little piece with David Attenborough,
 which was really exciting because he's very much involved with Wimbledon in a large way. So
 Attenborough is the one who turned it into color television. And there were interesting things that
 happened with that. One is that's when they started using yellow tennis balls. Up until then,
 they used white tennis balls. And the reason they started doing that is obviously color television.
 It was much more visual for people to see as it was going on. And there was this other thing. I hadn't
 been able to find it online. But it was said in this piece, which is that the trophy that they
 now use is not the original Wimbledon trophy. It's a different trophy because the original one
 just didn't look that good on camera. It was actually black and white. It was a black and white trophy.
 Yeah, no, they started using this different trophy, which is gold. And so it's more
 photogenic. It's more photogenic. Yeah, exactly. We'll get rid of that old colon chalk
 trophy that we've been using in a great life. They also used tennis courts used to be hourglass
 shapes, didn't they? Until Wimbledon came along. I mean, really, really early tennis courts.
 Yeah, until until Wimbledon was established. I think the first Wimbledon was in 1877.
 That was when they decided to make the rectangular. But before that, they used to go in at the net.
 So they were like it is Wimbledon, kind of the originator of all these grand slimes.
 Is it the original grand slam? I think it was first. Yeah, it must be.
 Because before that, it was just croquet. It really beat out croquet. It's a bit sad we could all,
 so the reason croquet disappeared was that they thought, let's start playing tennis on these
 croquet lawns a bit. And then everyone went, oh, this is a better sport, isn't it?
 Of course. So the fact that croquet is a pretty shit spot. The world war penalty.
 The world war penalty. The world war penalty. The language. One more you're out there.
 I think croquet is a great sport. You can be really devious. Oh, yeah. Not great.
 I think you see the true side of human nature when you play croquet. Where do you guys learn about football?
 The Uber CEO, as in Uber's CEO. Not the chief of all the CEO.
 It's not the chief of all CEOs. He's been involved in what people are calling a tennis scandal.
 Is he the current one or the one that he's just left? This is Travis Kalinick.
 Oh, yeah. He's the one who just left. His biography on the website amongst many other things
 of what he's done in the past also claims that he managed to rack up the second highest
 Wii tennis score in the world. People are now claiming that they think that that's not possible.
 Yeah, I think it's not. Yeah, largely because there is no game called Wii tennis.
 You've got Wii Sports in which it's a game within it, but that doesn't have a leaderboard.
 So it can't be that. There's another game which is called Wii Grand Slam tennis.
 And there's a third one which is called Wii in your tennis ball container.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is a Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that in Mexico, artists can pay their taxes in artwork.
 It's amazing. It's so weird. It's the only country where you could do this, unsurprisingly.
 And yeah, it's this rule that's actually existed since I think it's 1957 that it was first suggested.
 And it's the idea that artists, if they can't pay their taxes or don't want to,
 they instead donate a work of art as a portion of their sales.
 And so it's not even done on monetary value. The way it's done is that for every five pieces of art
 you sell, you pay an additional one to the government. So if you sell up to five pieces of art,
 you pay one. And then if you sell more, it becomes like a progressive taxation system.
 And the maximum number you have to give to the government any year is five works of art.
 That's interesting. I wonder, so let's say you sell four incredible massive works of art and then
 you just do one doodle on an applicant. Does that count? Yeah, that's great question.
 I don't think it does count because apparently there is a committee to make sure that people don't
 take the piss. So it's basically you have to give them an average one which means you're paying 20%
 I guess, right? Yeah, well, they're not clear. I think it's a little bit more touchy
 feeling than that. So yeah, there's this jury, which is ten other artists who judge the quality of
 the painting and decide whether it's for an artist. That's got to be hard. This one's a bit dodgy.
 Some of them rejected in the last few years. There were some famous artists who had their paintings
 rejected as taxes, which is pretty hard. But yeah, and then they go, okay, we'll accept this one as
 tax show. So in South Carolina, you can donate a deer carcass and get tax credit for it.
 There's a venison for charity tax credit and so you don't pay tax on $50 if you donate a dead deer
 to the government. What's it? Is there a box when you're doing your tax form? Just the number is the
 amount of dead deer you've got in your garage waiting to be submitted? So hang on, so presumably hunting
 is allowed. Is it not that you find a deer that's died of natural causes? I guess they'd have to accept
 that as well. I don't think they specify cause of death. Okay, they're not going to have a mortician
 for every single carcass that comes in, are they? That would probably cost more than the $50 you're
 saving on the tax. But you would hope that they test the quality of the venison because you don't
 want some old bit of rotting road-killed being sent to the charity. There's a committee of ten
 chefs. The World Bank and Pricewaterhouse Cooper came up with a check for who has the most complicated
 tax code in the world and the way they did that is they imagined a hypothetical ceramic flower pot
 manufacturer and this manufacturer has one building, two plots of land, one truck and 60 employees
 and they work out how difficult it would be for that person to do their taxes, okay? If you were in
 the Maldives, it would take you less than an hour to comply with the Maldives tax code and in Brazil
 it would take 2,600 hours. What to do it? Which is 108 days of non-stop work? No. Yeah. That is insane.
 Yeah. They just got an incredibly complicated tax code. Is there much tax avoidance in Brazil?
 Cause I imagine that would surely encourage people to avoid tax. Well, that's the argument, isn't it,
 that why you should simplify your tax code in every country? Because in America, in 1913,
 their tax code was 400 pages and now it's 70,000 pages, which is about 280 times longer than the
 tennis law book. All right. But in India at the moment, for instance, they've massively
 simplified their tax, a thing called GST where there's just four basic rates now, whereas in the past,
 all the different areas and villages with all of their different tax codes and they simplified it.
 That's what we have in Australia, GST. Yeah. Good and standard tax. Exactly. And this is the
 biggest place that has ever done it. So in India, there's two trillion dollar economy with 1.3 billion
 consumers, but it's so important to them that this has happened only in the last week or so. There
 was a baby named GST. That's great. In Australia, apparently, there's a queen B tax.
 If you only queen B's pay. That's right. No, if you sell a queen B for over $20, you have to pay
 10% to the government. Who's selling a queen B for $20? That's over. It feels like a lot for a B.
 A queen B? A queen B? An individual B. Yes, that's a lot for a B. No, don't, that's so small.
 They produce a whole hive. I mean, diamond rings are quite small, aren't they?
 Well, how much do you think I spent on my wife's engagement? That's why it's a hula hoop.
 I think that is a lot. Are you joking? They can yield so much, because they're so important. They'll
 yield so much. Honey, you'd make such a profit out of $20. I think the normal price will be
 hundreds of dollars for a queen B. That's what I paid for my last queen B, and I just don't want you
 to be insinuating. I was taken for a fool. I don't know. Is a queen B pregnant at the time?
 I think you might need a drone or something. Yes, so then how much do you pay for that one?
 I think they're cheap. They're super cheap. Remember, you could rent one? We did that years
 ago. That was one of our first facts on the show. But that's what I mean, because to rent a B
 is like one cent per hour per B or something stupid like that. So the queen B is comparatively
 a lot more than that. And at the end of the day, they're all still B's. But if you leave a queen B
 somewhere, it'll attract a load of other B's. Oh, that's why I just find them. That's why B's keep on,
 you see a car covered in B's somewhere. That's because there's a queen B under the box. So really,
 what you're doing is you're paying for the queen B, but actually you're getting hundreds of
 thousands of other B's. It's like a sky TV deal, I imagine. Where you pay for sky would actually get loads of
 channels. Right. Except every channel is a B. And sky one is the queen B, is it? Yeah, that's right.
 It seems expensive. You think you just find sky one. But you're actually getting like to sky
 it. I do understand that now. Glad to put it into terms. You could understand.
 Did you finish your story or did we cut you off at Queen B? I think we extended it far beyond.
 Okay. The IRS in America, one of the things that's tax deductible for them is ransom for kidnapped
 loved ones. If you pay to have your loved one returned, yeah, that's tax deductible. It's an
 expense. So that's not true in Britain, because in Britain, it's counted as a bribe. And
 the bribes are illegal. And you're not allowed to claim them back anything illegal, but in America,
 you can. And was it John Paul Getty? Yes, the third. Yeah, who's one of his family were kidnapped.
 And they ran to him for X amount. And he said he'd only pay Y amount. And that was the maximum
 expense that he was allowed to claim or something like that. Yeah. Yeah. So John Paul Getty, the third
 was kidnapped. And it was his father who said he would pay the ransom, but only up to 2.2 million.
 Because then that's the maximum that was allowed for tax deduction. I'm sure. Did he still
 understand that he couldn't go above that otherwise? It would be tax. I think he would have,
 because I think he would have been brought up in the way that his dad conducted business,
 a red that Warren Buffett submitted his first tax return when he was doing newspaper and milk
 rounds. So like, you know, I think this guy would have been in a similar like, oh, that makes
 sense, dad, yeah. I like the excuse of something my dad told me. So Ken Dodd was accused of not
 paying taxes for a while. He was accused by the inland revenue. And I feel like you, when you made
 that face, we're doing an impression of Ken Dodd. I'm really sorry if that's not what you're trying
 to do. I wasn't. I once met Ken Dodd. Yeah, he was a museum, wasn't he? And he said to me, do I know
 you? And I said, I don't think so. And he said, yeah, yeah, I know you. We were on the same
 police line up together, weren't we? Funny guy. Yeah, he is funny. So apparently he, the inland
 revenue said, you haven't been paying us for years. And he said, I didn't think it applied to me.
 I live by the seaside. Did he? No, no, no, Dodd. Oh, yeah. It's a joke, Andy. I would, I don't know. Sorry.
 In 2015, one person living on a street in Hull complained that they were paying more
 council tax than all of their neighbours. They went to the council and the council upto all of their
 neighbours' council tax. Turn on, they made their life a lot worse. Okay, it is time for fact number
 three. And that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that the size of a rainbow can tell you how
 polluted the air is. That's so, so is the rainbow more of a prominent feature in a more polluted area?
 It's, it's not really easy for us to see, but if you're a scientist, you have the right equipment. You
 can see very small changes. So if there are chemicals like acid rain, it would change the size of
 the droplets, which would change the size of the bow. And so they look at that and they can tell
 exactly what chemicals are in the air. Wow. Do you know like double rainbows? Yeah. Actually,
 this isn't double rainbows, twin rainbows, which is slightly different thing. You can have two
 rain showers that are kind of near each other, one with small raindrops and one with fat raindrops.
 And they will give you two different rainbows and they'll start in the same bottom left hand corner
 or bottom right hand corner and they'll come round and one will be higher than the other.
 That's called a twin rainbow. I've seen what it goes before. Have you? Yeah. They're quite rare.
 Yeah, I mean, it was, I saw it once and that's it. Yeah. Great. Where did you sit?
 I think it was in Austria at the time. Really? Yeah. I really like James' turn when he went,
 they're quite rare. Like, I think you probably just saw a double rainbow down.
 Because yeah, that's unbelievable. So it looks like it's sprouting from the same origin,
 but then it sprouts into two different rainbows. No, I wasn't listening. I've seen
 it really big rainbows, what I was saying. I can't tell if you've done what you're joking now.
 So you can get a quadruple rainbow. Wow. Okay. There was a photograph online of a quadruple rainbow.
 It wasn't really a quadruple rainbow. It was just four rainbows. You can see why they mistook that.
 Yeah, you can see it, but it was, it was a rookie era. A photograph of a quadruple rainbow
 just looks like two rainbows. And the reason is that you've got two in front of you. Say the sun is
 behind you. You've got two rainbows in front of you and then they reflect backwards. And so the other
 two are behind you. So it's impossible to take a photo of them, of all four of them at the same time,
 unless you do like a panoramic picture. And they're extremely, extremely, extremely rare. So you
 probably only see a few of those. I think six of them. And no more. I think there's only one photograph
 of them ever. Right. And it's only two of them. It's not of the other two. Okay. Why? Because the camera
 couldn't get them in. Because two in front of you and two are always behind you. If you've been listening
 to any of them, it's literally just explaining that. Do you know you can get white rainbows? So this
 This is... - That's a cloud mate, that you saw in clouds.
 No, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no, no.
 These are the big and fluffy and they float in the sky.
 (laughter)
 No, these are light rainbows.
 They get called fogbows.
 Okay, so if you've got fog in the air, that's where the water droplets hang in the air.
 They're incredibly microscopic, they're tiny.
 So you do get the rainbow effect, but they're so small that they don't actually show color.
 - Yeah. - They are stunning.
 You can get all red rainbows as well, just a single red.
 - Terrifying. - I know, that's cool.
 And a lot shorter song as well.
 (laughter)
 - Yeah, there's sort of evening time, aren't they?
 So it depends where the sun is in the sky or the kind of color of your rainbow.
 They gradually start to lose their colors one by one, don't they?
 The shorter wavelengths die first.
 - I always ask. - That's a good title for something.
 (laughter)
 Like a murder set at a radio station at Murder Mystery.
 The shorter wavelengths die first, yeah?
 In Norway where they've just turned off their FM.
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - So it's a Scandi Noir drama.
 - But it's kind of also about the progress of technology and leaving behind.
 - It's got lots of layers. - Like a rainbow.
 (laughter)
 - Just on the red rainbow, there's actually a physicist who in his lab has been creating
 red rainbows as well, using lasers.
 He's a physicist at the von Karman Institute for Fluid Dynamics in Belgium.
 And he shoots a laser into a droplet.
 And so he gets these tiny rainbows that are all red.
 And he says that the form of the rainbow, under those kind of controlled conditions, you
 can precisely determine what shape it's going to be, what size it's going to be, what the
 composition and temperature of it is, purely by looking at the droplet before it's sprayed
 out. How cool is that?
 - I would say that's like a really small version of this thing, which is that the size of
 the droplets and what the composed of depends on what the rainbow looks like on a bigger scale
 as well. That's how you can tell all the pollution and stuff.
 - Right, okay.
 - So he says just to put it into super cool door key words for this particular small one
 that he doesn't allow. Every single droplet has its own unique rainbow fingerprint already
 in it.
 - So cool.
 - Do you guys like rainbows?
 (laughter)
 - Quick question.
 - Yeah.
 - And I'm more for them than against them, yeah.
 - That's two yeses.
 - I'm a huge yeses.
 - Okay, three. Well, not everyone likes rainbows.
 (laughter)
 So this is something from Amazonian cultures and rainbows there, very bad luck, as in they
 are associated with skin problems, with having miscarriages, if you're pregnant.
 - How could this, doesn't make any sense there, so clearly such a positive, happy, I don't
 know.
 - I think it's one of those glass half empty things because it's caused by sunshine and rain.
 Now, if it's always sunny and then you get some rain, then it could be a bad thing.
 But if it's always rainy, like it is in Britain, then the fact that there's a rainbow means
 at least there's some sun around.
 - Okay.
 - This is from Wikipedia, I should say, so, but there is a saying, rainbows are shit.
 - That's right.
 (laughter)
 - I'm such a translate.
 - There are diseases in one Peruvian language called Iona achata, which means the rainbow hurt
 my skin.
 - What?
 - What do you might say to the doctor?
 And it's traditional to close your mouth at a rainbow, otherwise you'll catch a disease.
 - Oh wow.
 - Yeah.
 So I'm just saying, they're not all good.
 - So the Skittles' adverts, over there, was not gone down there at all, were they?
 - Do not taste the rainbow.
 (laughter)
 - So the rainbow flag for pride has all the rainbow colors and it used to have a
 shocking pink band.
 And the reason they did away with that is because they couldn't mass-produce the pink cloth.
 All the others were easy to make, but this was a cloth that wasn't very easy to make, because
 the first guy who did it, he kind of made it himself just a one-off.
 He didn't think of it being a mass-produced thing, and then it became really popular, and
 they needed to make loads of them, but they couldn't get the pink.
 - It was after the Stonewall riots, wasn't it, that suddenly in the late 70s, suddenly
 there was this massive demand for these flags, and they couldn't get it.
 - Then it had, so how many colors do you think are in the flag now?
 - I think seven.
 - Um, six.
 - Did you just sing the rainbow song and still come up with six?
 - I took out one.
 - I took out one.
 - Did you?
 Why, any reason?
 - I put white in to, since I've learned about some new rainbow.
 - You should have come up with eight then.
 (laughter)
 - I didn't sing the full song, I kind of backed out and thought, "I feel like there's only
 a few left."
 - I think we need to hang on down, I think we need to test something quickly.
 What are the colors in a rainbow?
 - Oh no.
 (laughter)
 - Red, and yellow, and pink.
 - No.
 - Red.
 - Well, actually, all the colors are in the rainbow.
 - All the colors are.
 - No, no, hang on, hang on, hang on, who's pink, isn't it?
 - No, there's no pink.
 - No.
 - Red and yellow.
 - Red and yellow.
 Green.
 - Wait, what's the song?
 - The song is not the actual colors of the rainbow.
 That's just a fun song you learned.
 - Hang on, what's I singing the right lyrics, sir?
 - You were singing the right lyrics.
 - Okay, all right.
 - Green.
 - That's the full, but the colors in the rainbow are red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet.
 That's the colors that you learn, also, actually, you know, it's just emerging from the
 landscape.
 - I like the jump ship to the end of the track.
 That is correct.
 I too was fooled by the song.
 (laughter)
 - What a lie of a song.
 - Yeah.
 - Just take something of things people need to remember in day-to-day life.
 It's like having a song, January, and February, and orange.
 (laughter)
 - Yeah.
 - It is me that I can understand why you thought that it went red, orange, whatever the song
 goes.
 - So what is it?
 - So it's seven colors in the rainbow, red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet.
 And the pride flag used to have, as we've said, it used to have eight, because it had these
 and the hot pink.
 And then it went down to seven, but then it only has six colors in it now, which I'd never
 notice.
 - Do you think that maybe it wasn't that the material was too expensive?
 It's that the creator of the flag also was basing it off the song, and then someone said,
 "What's pink doing there?"
 And he thought, "Oh, yeah, we can't stay anyway, it's so expensive."
 - So no, it wasn't because of that.
 He knew the colors of the rainbow, this guy.
 The reason they lost the next color was because when the flag was round around poles, then
 one color would get lost, because it would be round around the pole.
 So they needed an even number of colors, basically, because otherwise--
 - It wasn't a vertical stripe, wasn't it?
 It wasn't a vertical--
 - It must be a horizontal polynomial.
 - What it said was one hung vertically from the lamppost of San Francisco's market street,
 the center stripe.
 So if it was hung vertically, the center stripe went around the pole.
 And so they decided they needed an even number so that that middle stripe wasn't kind of,
 I don't know, didn't disappear into the pole.
 - Yeah.
 - That's why I did it.
 - And Philadelphia, this year, has added a couple of extra colors to their flag that they
 had been using as a not-a-racial diversity.
 - Okay, cool.
 - Yeah, so they've gone up to eight, I think, again.
 - Oh, really?
 - Yeah.
 - So they've added brown and black.
 - They stand for--
 - The other colors stand for really fun stuff, don't they?
 - Yeah.
 - But it's such a shame they lost the pink, because so the person who designed it said that
 the hot pink stood for sex.
 So the other stand for life, healing, sunlight, nature, magic, serenity, and spirit.
 But they've lost the sex now.
 - They should have got rid of the magic one.
 - Why is magic even in there?
 - I'm glad that stayed.
 - Oh, god.
 - And the other thing is that we were saying about the being seven colors in the rainbow.
 I think that was Newton who decided that, wasn't it?
 And the reason being, we think probably just because seven was like a magical number, it
 was like the seven C's, the seven, you know?
 - It's his favorite number.
 - Yeah, it's his favorite number.
 - It's just a good number.
 And so he kind of looked and decided there were seven distinct bands.
 And actually, if you look at a rainbow, you can decide really yourself how many bands
 there are.
 There's pretty much an infinite number.
 - Although, I always, because I think we've done that on QI, and so I always look at
 rainbows and think, okay, get beyond the seven thing, Newton just made it up.
 But I still only ever see seven colors.
 I can't see more or less.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - He passed away this year.
 - Newton.
 - Yeah, started a break at sea.
 - Yeah.
 - He had a good innings.
 - Gilbert Baker, who is the creator of the rainbow flag, passed away this year, sadly.
 - Oh, Newton as well, and the savior.
 - That's been a big--
 - 2017.
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that a new study has revealed that the genre of music, with the most references
 to drugs, is country music.
 Country music has, according to the survey, 1.6 mentions per song on average of drug usage,
 and they did a list of genres, which used most drug references, so it started with country
 music, then jazz, then pop, electronic, rock, folk, and in at last, rap.
 - You missed out other.
 - Yeah, I know.
 I wasn't...
 Is that my favorite genre?
 - Other who's...
 Yeah, other who's just underneath rock, but above folk.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - I thought country was folk, so I'm on a learning curve today.
 - Yeah.
 That is unbelievable, though.
 I think that's really amazing, that rap has the fewest references.
 - Yeah.
 I think some people have looked at the methodology of this and aren't sure how it's ended up right.
 - We were talking about this, weren't we?
 It just seems so unbelievable, though, this is the case.
 - Well, what they did, they took-- didn't they?
 The lyrics of many, many thousands of songs, and they had a list of drug-related words.
 It quite a lot of drug-related words that they plugged in, and then they went through manually,
 making sure that, you know, if someone says "refer", they're not actually singing a song
 about the coral reef, the part where the man who works on a coral reef.
 - Yeah.
 Exactly.
 A lot of rap songs are about people who work on coral reefs, so that's probably why.
 So, yeah.
 But...
 - I wondered if the methodology went wrong in that they're not cool enough to understand
 some of the more modern drug references, because they came up with this list of 65 names
 for drugs.
 And so the examples that were in this article were things like Adi, Blow, Molly, Roxy,
 and Scissorpe, S-I-D-Z-U-R-P, so if they feature in a song, that's that kind of the drug.
 But maybe Raps just using way more modern cool slang.
 - Oh, boy, why?
 - That these guys don't know about.
 - As opposed to Scissorpe, the classic 1920 slang for what is Scissorpe?
 - I've never heard Scissorpe before, and you're saying it like it's a hackneyed old term.
 - No, no, no.
 - Well, it's such a good word to rhyme with, which is why you use something about burping.
 Then you're going to need a Scissorpe.
 It's the only thing that rhymes.
 - Yeah, what is it?
 I don't know what a Scissorpe is.
 I don't think anyone has ever heard of Scissorpe except the person who wrote whatever song refers to it.
 And then I'm just saying that they've got this list, but maybe they've missed things out that Raps using.
 I think they also used a lot of songs, perhaps you wouldn't hear on normal country music stations.
 - Yes.
 - And actually the more popular ones probably are about Scissorpe and the other drugs.
 - But they weren't counting, because they had a list of the drugs that they were looking for as well.
 And they didn't include alcohol, but I reckon if you throw alcohol in, you know, country music has quite a lot of references to that, doesn't it?
 - Yeah, tons.
 - So I've just Googled Scissorpe.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - It is a purple drink, a mix of coding based prescription cough syrup, soda and often jolly ranchers candy.
 - Sounds quite nice, doesn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - But don't do it, kids.
 That sounds so country, though.
 - And jolly ranchers candy and then some prescription drugs, classic country music.
 - You can't really imagine Snoop Dogg on the Scissorpe, could you, but weirdly that's a word that's closely, I would associate more with Snoop than anywhere else.
 - Scissorpe on the Scissorpe.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 - It's interesting, I wonder if in other, Reggae's not on this list, blues is not on this list, they've been lumped into other.
 - So blues would be in jazz?
 - I guess so, yeah.
 - Reggae.
 - Classical.
 - Classical.
 - Classical in that.
 - Symphony Phops is a Pindi minor.
 - You were saying about the words that they use.
 Did you see that America's Drug Enforcement Administration have made a dictionary of slang drug terms this year?
 I wonder if any of these are in it.
 Whiffle dust, Bernie's flakes.
 I wonder if any of these are in Bernie's.
 - Is that named after Bernie?
 - Bernie's.
 - Well, I don't know, it means cocaine.
 - Yeah, that's Bernie's flakes.
 - Is there the people who were going to show up to vote for Bernie Sanders in the American primaries, but they didn't?
 - They were two off their heads.
 - Ant hazel means heroin.
 - I wonder if that's in any of those songs.
 - Smoochy Wootchy Pootchy means cannabis.
 - Ant hazel.
 - Ant hazel.
 - That explains what my unclean was up to.
 - This has what it's called, Barbara.
 - Every night, you was having a night in without hazel.
 - Smoochy Wootchy.
 Feels like it would be a good name of a song, maybe you're a vision hit.
 - Yeah.
 - But what if you're just really loved up and you're walking down the street with your partner and you say,
 "I'll give us a Smoochy Wootchy Pootchy" and you're immediately arrested by one of these guys.
 - You deserve to be immediately arrested if you'll say to your lover in public, give us a Smoochy Wootchy Pootchy.
 - But I would say that that's probably true of lots of slang terms for drugs, right?
 - Yeah.
 - To a song called "Weed" into a tennis ball can.
 - Yes.
 - Yeah, I might think it's about drugs.
 - That's true.
 - Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland.
 - James.
 - @XHates.
 - Andy.
 - @AndruHunterM
 - Azanski.
 - You can email podcast@QI.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group Twitter account, which is @QIPodcast.
 You can also go to our Facebook page, where we have all of our Facebook lives every Friday afternoon,
 and you can also go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com, where you can find links to our ticket sales for our tour,
 as well as the book that we are releasing in November.
 You can pre-order that now.
 We will be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 [MUSIC]
