 Hi everyone and welcome to this week's episode of no such thing as a fish, where we were
 joined by the curator of the Margate Crab Museum, Bertie Trilliams. Now Bertie is someone who
 Dan has known for a very long time. The rest of us met him for the first time during this show
 and what a great guy he is. He knows so much stuff about all of his subjects and especially as you
 can imagine, crabs. So if you would like to go to the Margate Crab Museum, then go into Margate,
 go right into the center because it's right there. I went there this weekend with my daughter,
 she absolutely loved it. She got to see crabs under a microscope. Can you believe that?
 And there's all sorts of facts in there. It's absolutely brilliant. But one more thing to say about
 Bertie is that under his guise as the Crab Museum, he has written some books and his latest one is
 called the No Brain, Brain Explainer. What a great name. It's a book for kids all about the brain.
 It's jam packed with facts. You would not believe how many facts are in there and it comes right off
 the back of his previous book, which is called a Natural History of Bums, which as you can imagine.
 But people like me is absolutely brilliant. I read it to my daughter the other day and she loved it.
 She was laughing her head off all the way through. So yeah, if you would like to know more about
 Bertie, they search the internet for Crab Museum. You'll find information about his museum
 and all of his books that definitely recommend you getting involved with that. But in the meantime,
 enjoy this show with Curator of Europe's No. 1 Crab Museum at Bertie Terillions. On with a podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobern. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with Annotishinsky,
 James Harkin and Bertie Terillions. And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with
 our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go. Starting with
 fact number one, and that is Bertie. A briefcase in Thai is a Kapal James Bond. And the reason it is
 is because Kapal just means bag. James Bond obviously means James Bond. But there wasn't a word for
 briefcase in Thai before the James Bond movies were shown in Thailand. Okay, so men with a golden
 gun, that's what was filmed there. Did briefcases exist in Thailand? Or did they literally see?
 They probably existed in Thailand, but I think it's quite a niche item that perhaps maybe like
 aristocrats might have had. But there wasn't a popular word for it. And sort of general Thai people
 wouldn't have really had much of a need to have really known what a briefcase was. Prior to James Bond.
 I like the question, did briefcases exist, though, as if maybe they had done for hundreds of years,
 and everyone just didn't know what to do. And they saw one. I like your, what is that hanging from
 your hand? Probably rectangular black cases existed, but whether or not they were briefcases.
 I think before they had the category of briefcase. Bertie, you're half Thai, right? So this is a
 word that you saw used in Thailand. Yep, and I did my due diligence and I did check with the
 aunties. I just said, do you do still use Kapow James Bond for briefcase? And I'm like, oh,
 yes, I suppose we do. Why do you want to know? Oh, I'm on a podcast. Oh, what's a podcast?
 I have a whole conversation with them about what my life is now. Maybe in the future in Thailand,
 it'll be known as a Bertie radio show. Yeah, great coincidence, the word Kapow.
 Yeah, that's lovely Batman-esque feeling. It comes from an old Chinese word pal meaning
 to rap or a bundle. And actually, our word bag comes from the old Norse word baggy, which means
 a bundle as well. That's it. As you would imagine, I suppose. We get some words from Thai in English,
 not that many. There's 27 in the Oxford English dictionary. How many is that? Yeah, most of them
 are actually like foodstuffs. Bong, the pipe for smoking staff. No way. I'm from a Thai word.
 Tuck-tuck, mode of transport and my Thai, the combat sport and all the others are kind of food
 stuff. There's another Thai word that we use within the world of fish on our WhatsApps to each
 other when we say something's funny. 5555. 5555. Yeah. And remind me why that is. It sounds like
 nothing. The 5 is pronounced 'har' in Thai and so 'har' is what I'm saying. It's weird, but it's
 weird that the Thai have that as well, that it's 'har' because when you laugh, you don't actually
 go 'har' do you? I do. If you're a Bond villain, you do. You're right. You're right, you're right.
 Correct. There's the one that I kept coming across, I think, because I was looking at Simon's
 cats in Thailand. And the word for cat is meow, except I don't think I've pronounced it quite right.
 It sounds actually almost more like meow said by Thai. Can you say it? Yeah, there's meow, meow. I
 think there was another one that you told me, I remember, which is toast and then the difference between
 toast and toaster. Yes, well, so it's bread and toast. So bread is canomban. So pan comes is a bit like
 pan is in a pan of chocolate. I think it's a lone word from French, so there's pan for bread.
 Canom is a snack because obviously bread is a snack. Anything that's not rice or noodles is a snack
 and is not proper food. Oh, rice. Like, you know, pasta or whatever, like what are those weird noodles?
 You know, that's not proper food. But they're like proper food is rice and noodles. Got it. Yeah,
 canomban, which is bread, is like bread snack. And then when you toast bread, it's canomban ping.
 Cool. It pops up out of the toast. So the ping is the toaster. The ping is the toast. Really nice.
 Your surname, I introduced you on this show, is Torillians, but that's your married surname. You've
 changed your name. Yes. But you have, you have a Thai surname, which is surasat.
 A surasat. And Thailand has a very interesting thing with its surnames in that everyone has a
 unique surname, basically, when the survey was done, it showed that 81% of people who did the survey
 all had unique surnames and that it's it's picked by the family. Because Thailand is unique. We say
 unique. It's unique. It's unique. It's the family, not to the person. To the family, exactly. Yeah.
 Because up until 1913, there were only given names and then you might say kind of like Leonardo da Vinci
 of Vinci, you might say where you were from, but it wasn't your surname. And so you've got effectively,
 I guess, a unique surname. Yeah, I guess so. I mean, well, my surname means honest in Thai, hilarious,
 given the reputation of some of my family members. But that was chosen by a granddad who moved to
 Thailand from Vietnam as a child. And I think as a new immigrant in a new country, calling
 us up honest, probably a good move. I don't know. It sounds a little bit lady-darth protest too much.
 It wasn't me. Check my name. Well, they're really into nicknames as well. Do you have a nickname,
 in Thai? Or are you not that Thai? Bertie just gets shortened to burr. That's not as good as
 no Thai nicknames. No, I've got like a really long sort of four name and then he just gets
 shortened to burr. I've got like one of our cousins. She's got an amazing name. So she's about like 18
 months old or something. No, she might be a little bit older now. I met her for the first time when
 I went back in January. And back then that was, well, over the last, well, probably thousand years,
 depending on how you count it. But it flared up again recently. There's the war with Cambodia.
 And our family live right on the border with Cambodia. And she was called bomb. She was named because
 of that bombs are going off in the background. But because bomb wasn't cute enough for a girl,
 they added BEM on the end. So she's bomb BEM. If she'd been born a boy, she would have just been bomb.
 But you can't call a girl BOM. I actually know someone in my village called Zepp short for Zeppelin,
 named after his great grandfather, who was named Zeppelin in the First World War, when that became
 a big thing. That actual real name. Real name. First name Zeppelin. And this little boy,
 this little three-year-old's real name is now Zeppelin. Because, you know, the thing that's attacking you
 as your mum gives birth. I guess she goes, yeah, why not? I guess I wonder what's going to happen to my
 daughter when she gets married, because her name's Covid. And they might not have meant that.
 My cousin, bomb BEM, who was named after the bomb, a bomb landed in our grandmother's fish pond,
 sort of at the height of the war. And it kind of sort of flares up every now and again this war.
 The war between Thailand and Cambodia. The war between Thailand and Cambodia, yeah. It's like
 sort of a border dispute that's been going on forever. Most of the time it's kind of fairly relaxed
 as far as wars go. And then it kind of got a little bit more, a little bit more fighting recently.
 But our granny was in the house at the time, and a Cambodian rocket landed in a fish pond.
 And it didn't blow up, because thankfully the Cambodians have rubbish weapons turns out.
 And then they sort of splashed water all over. It's quite fighting talk.
 Yeah, well, what are you going to do about it? I think they've all got like kind of Soviet
 era stock of missiles and things. But anyway, it didn't blow up. But then they phoned up the
 military police, who sort of sent someone round, and they're kind of sort of undenied. And they
 just left it there. And because when it landed, it sunk through the water and went deep into mud.
 And they're like, oh, well, it's probably fine then. It's gone into mud. If it landed on solid
 ground, we would dispose of it. But if it landed in mud, we might get to it at some point.
 So is it still there? It's still there, yes, I don't know.
 Sticking it out of the pond, you can see it. You can't see it. No, it's sunk into the mud.
 And it's just sort of south there. And we ended up doing karaoke shortly after.
 And they take karaoke very seriously. And my family hired a big like sort of festival-style
 sound system to do karaoke off of. And it's sort of like a few drinks in, which is like, hold on,
 maybe we should turn it down in case we set the bomb off. Like maybe we do. I don't know
 that's how it works. 500, yeah. Tylan doesn't have an alphabet. It doesn't have a true alphabet.
 It has something called an abogida. And an abogida is like an alphabet. But instead of using letters
 for vowels, they use diacritical symbols and marks. So if you see Ty written down, and this is
 outside my wheel zone. So correct me if I'm wrong, Bertie. But you have the word, you have no spaces
 in between the words. And then the vowels are like little sort of squiggles that are above or below
 or to the side of the letters. Is that right? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And trying to work out, I mean, I can't
 read Ty at all. Trying to work out where one word begins and when one word ends is like kind of
 impossible. It's just, it's just like, it's just an endless stream of squiggly characters. Yeah,
 why haven't they fixed that? Because I would say that the rest of the world has now come up with a
 system where it is easy to distinguish words. We used to have the endless stream in like early
 middle ages. And Tylan, it does seem a bit stubborn that you're sticking with the normal spaces
 between words. Here's the thing, if you're a natural speaker, you can work out where the spaces
 are quite easily because certain symbols for vowels are in certain parts of the words and they
 always are. This is quite easy to work out. But there was a study in 1997 from a couple of people
 at the University of Nottingham and they tried it out. So they got some Thai sentences and they put
 spaces for one of the sentences and didn't put spaces in the other one and they gave it to Thai people
 and said, can you read this? Of course, they could. How quickly can you read it? And yeah, but basically,
 the idea is, if you're used to it, maybe you can do it without the spaces better and the spaces
 actually put you off or did the people actually find the spaces you use for what you think?
 But let's say they found it useful. Yeah, I guess I've come down pretty hard on that side.
 I'm going to say that they found it easier without the spaces just because they're used to it.
 Well, that's what I would have thought as well, but actually they found that the spaces were
 more useful. Yeah, so much useful. Well, I hate to say my point. So the white man was correct,
 all alone. Now, let we're not that kind of. But yeah, and there's also a mark in Thai called the
 fanficat, which would be really useful for us, which is when a letter is silent, you put this little
 mark on it. So let's say you had the word knife, you could just put a little squiggle next to the
 K and everyone would know not to say the K. Wouldn't that be useful? We just have to use it in every
 word so many times though in English. You have some like English village names where you've got
 50 of these, wouldn't you? Yeah, exactly. But actually, so it's Thanficat, like I say, the mark to make a
 letter silent, but it also means execution by beating one to death with a stick. It's not too mean.
 Feels unlikely that those two would ever get mixed up in a hilarious way. If Andy was here, he'd say,
 "I feel a format coming on." I was looking into notable people from Thailand and I discovered,
 I think one of the most famous people on our planet is Haftai, and I just never knew that. So who do
 you think the most famous Thai person is? And they're Haftai. Sorry. Haftai. The most famous person
 is Donald Trump, and that would be astonishing. No, no, the most famous person who is Thai. Yes.
 So I think that was an essential element. Tiger Woods is Haftai. Correct. Is that correct? He was
 out the run. Yeah, okay. The clues in his name. That's really good. Tiger Woods. Yeah, son of a Thai
 woman called Tida Woods. It's pronounced Tida, but it's basically Tida. And it's really fascinating. He's
 got quite a mix in his family. So he is one quarter Thai, one quarter Chinese, one quarter Caucasian,
 one eighth African American, and one eighth Native American. He calls himself Cablinasian,
 which is a term he coined for Caucasian black American Indian and Asian. So that's how he refers to
 himself. It sounds like an Asian. Yeah, right. It sounds how he would refer to himself when he'd
 been caught driving. Yeah. Well, Sean. At this, it's like, I'm Cablinasian. He's probably had to
 back invent that video when he was off later by the press. No, no, I've always called it that.
 But I looked into it and there's basically no national footprints of Tiger Woods there. As in,
 there's no statues. There's no buildings. There's no roads as far as I can tell that are named after him.
 It doesn't seem like they've connected him to the country and the only statue I could find because
 actually there is one. It's in a restaurant called cabbages and condoms. And it's a condom themed
 restaurant. And it is a condom built Tiger Woods. It's just packets of condoms and he's holding a
 golf club. And then there's a sign that says, did you use them Tiger next to the statue? That's the only
 one that I could find it. What a legacy. Yeah, cabbages and condoms. Great restaurant, by the way.
 But this theme is just condoms so that actually it should be called condoms. No, the point was is
 that it was trying to show that family planning and protection was not being part of the education
 of the people in Thailand, particularly during the AIDS pandemic and HIV pandemic. So he was saying
 the owner of this restaurant, it should be as accessible and easy to talk about as cabbages at a
 grocery store. You should be able to buy condoms like you buy cabbages. Yes, they call the cabbages
 and condoms. I see, I never buy cabbages. Because they don't put the cabbages behind the counter.
 Do they? No, they should. It's got a big basket full of condoms. Can I have her three cabbages?
 I have to say, when you're a call to something, it is like not being something. I'm a call to
 Polish and I don't think, as yet, there's a giant, there should be, but a giant statue of me in
 Krakow as one of four members of a moderately okay podcast in Britain. So... I think Tiger was
 possibly one of the most recognised names globally. I won't hear it down. I'm sorry. I hear that Tiger
 was more famous than I am. Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is my fact. My fact this
 week is that soft shell crabs aren't actually species. They're just a crab in between houses.
 This is to me mind-blowing. I thought soft shell crab was just a type of crab that existed and
 that's what I was eating in restaurants. But yeah, it's basically because they're continuing to grow
 in the shells too small for them. So they'll malt. They'll get rid of this hard shell. And it's
 quite a fun process because they shed it by taking water in and breaking it up and they've
 shoot it out basically as it's crumbling. Yeah, like I'm the Hulk. Is it the Hulk who like goes
 and gets bigger and bigger and burst out of his skin? No. Out of his clothes. And his clothes maybe.
 I think it's not too far off of that because it's swelling up and then breaking and then they
 sort of find the cracks in their shell and sort of pull themselves out, like sort of backwards
 out of the back of their shells. Yes, but I think Hulk expands. He doesn't shatter his outer
 leg of the human. Bruce Banner doesn't go flying everywhere in the walls. Yeah, no, so it basically
 before the hard shell has disappeared, there's a sort of very soft shell that's ready to harden.
 And fishermen go for the exact moment. They capture them and then that's soft shell crab.
 So and then they sell it as meat, right? So if you go to a restaurant in America say you could get
 hard shell crab or soft shell crab and the hard shell one you have to dig out the meat and the
 soft one you don't, is that right? Yes, exactly. That's basically the difference, but potentially you're
 eating these same species. You're just eating their brother who was molting faster than the other one.
 It could be both at the same time because the female will always mate with a male immediately
 after her own shedding. So she sheds her shell and then a male comes over and has sex with her.
 And that if you are a fisherman is the perfect time because you can get a soft shell and the hard
 shell at the same time and then you can sell them both to the restaurant and they get two for one.
 And then you can make ethical eaters feel better because you can say they died doing what they
 loved. And the window you've got is so brief, hadn't realised because when it's because so the
 the gal's molting and she wants to grow her new exercise garden as fast as possible. Apparently
 it's got to be three hours after they've molted is the right time because you need the shelter
 of hardened just enough that it's not so soft that it's going to die in transit but it can't
 have hardened enough that you can't chew down and get that nice soft texture. So they spy on these
 crabs just waiting for the moment and then they have to dive in exactly the right time. But also
 when they're soft shell they like kind of hide in little nooks and crannies because obviously for
 predators that's a really good time to eat them as well. Not just those being predators. I mean like
 animal kingdom predators. So in actual fights it's really hard to catch them. So what they tend to do
 is the soft shell crabs these days they will farm them because then you don't have to go digging
 through nooks and crannies. Right. Yeah. Get your hard shell taken to your farm way through it to
 shed and then get it. But it's kind of why we farm all animals isn't it? Well it's what we said
 in thousands of years ago we were like you know what these cows really hard to catch. Yes.
 In a field with a fence. Easy. These hard shell crabs that we're talking about there's a few
 different species. So one of them is the blue crab and you know where you find the blue crab where
 they're often fish. Yeah you get them in America but you also get them right by James Bond Island
 which is in Thailand. Which is the other thing that's been named after James Bond as a result of the
 man with the golden gun because that was the island where the villain lived and it's full of blue
 crabs that are used to soft shell crabs. Now you also get some blue crabs in the Mediterranean which
 is a problem because they're not they're more not meant to be there because they're invasive.
 They're super aggressive blue crabs are. How are they? What are they taking on? They're taking
 another crab. Yeah and I think also they're on the north side of the Mediterranean or the Italians
 and so on. They don't have a culture of eating them so they don't really eat them and on the southern
 coast of the Mediterranean many Muslims consider them to be heram as well. So nobody humans aren't really
 eating them at all in the Mediterranean. Yeah we get them in Montenegro where my parents in Lola have
 there's a big sort of bay there and all of the local crabs have got and it's just really
 left. Really? No one eats them. No one wants to eat them. We should say this is probably
 insensitive you buddy because you actually want the crab museum which is all about devoting itself to
 crabs and we're just talking about delicious there. What's the museum position on eagle? I mean that's
 the thing I think in eating invasive species is morally different to eating in like an endangered
 species. I mean yeah if you're in Montenegro fill up on blue crabs I think. I mean I don't really
 I don't try not to eat meat where it's possible but I mean I think there is a bit of a moral difference
 and there's not like our green shore crabs from the UK are invasive on both coasts of the US as well
 and there would be problem there and then the Americans are also like what do we do with these things?
 We've never eaten them before. Oh really? Yeah you have to teach a human to eat stuff. Humans just
 want to eat stuff. I say humans people just want to eat stuff you know they're grandmother cooked them
 more than just an emotional attachment to it. It's like if like if in our shops suddenly a lot of
 invasive pinto beans came over and took over all of our hines baked beans no one would want to eat
 them. It's such a good point. It's exactly that. It's a good point because the way everyone looks
 at me suggested it might not have been a good point. I think the way to make someone stop talking is
 sometimes just to say good points. What did they say to do with my kids? Wow. So
 but go back to crabs molting. You're right that yeah many crabs hide when they're molting. Other
 crabs that spider crabs molting huge piles so you'll get like 100,000 individuals say or more
 and they're all malt and gigantic sort of heaps underwater and the softest ones are right in the
 middle and then as they harden up they get pushed out to the edge and then the ones on the edge are
 sort of almost hardened to get thrown. So they all kind of sort of look after each other. It's a bit
 like you know the sort of penguins that take it in turns to go on the cold edge of the ball. Yeah
 and yeah the spider crabs do that and it's also basically a giant orgy because when they've all
 molted they're all shagging in the middle of the pile. You see when you sit at the stars like oh
 everyone's so nice they're looking after the ones in the middle. Now it sounds like a big old pile
 yeah because the shells would be on top of them so if you looked at it you'd be like oh it's
 just a bunch of crabs hanging out but underneath. Yeah they're shagging away. Yeah and there's
 that sort of undercurrents and there's sort of like really soft shagging crabs in the center
 and then and then they sort of harden up and get pushed further out and presumably at some point
 they stop shagging. It's ironic though you think that the harder you get the less likely you are to
 have sex. Yeah well crabs so crabs have often have two vaginas and then when they're hard you
 that's true James. So yeah Bernie. What happens to the exoskeletons then? Because that's a huge
 mound. Yeah animals will eat them or they'll just kind of break down into sand and sort of just
 general stuff at the bottom of the sea. Yeah. We haven't worked out how to use that for some kind of
 handbag or something. Building material. Yeah we're placing concrete in that. Well there is
 height. So crabs shells are made out of kiting and there's a new treatment for like bullet holes
 because kiting's got a thing where it's like extremely absorbent. It swells up loads in his antibacterial
 and stuff. Do you mean bullet holes in people or bullet holes in really? To make these like plugs
 and it's like a new thing that they're using in hospitals for like gunshot wounds and sort of stab
 wounds and stuff but it's derived from crab shells and it swells up inside the wound and blocks
 off all of the capillaries and prevents further bleeding. That's amazing. There's your hospital next to
 you guys. There's this theory that everything's going to become a crab isn't there? Carcinization.
 There's it and people are really into it I think because like evolutionary theories they're
 really into it. I think as crabs have evolved five times. Yes. At least five times. I also read
 an article that said let me just read this. Experts at Crab Museum in Margates say they now have
 people coming in every day questioning if humans really will end up sprouting claws. First of all
 is that true? Yeah it's a pretty common thing people come out to us and be like oh yeah so I heard
 we're all turning into crabs. When's it happening go give me your tie prediction. Then come in going
 I might as well be here because I'm going to turn into a crab. This is the crab museum. I'll
 just wait here until it happens. You've got to be be ahead of the curve right? Do they all come
 inside? Yeah. So this is crustaceans all seem to turn into crabs. I'm human with quite far from
 crustaceans and also even though that's happened five times decarcinization. It's happened at least
 seven times in evolution as in things turning away from crab. So it seems like even if things visit
 crabdom as an existence they then decide against it and move on. So you're saying no is your
 prediction. I'm going to say no to that crustaceans do turn into into crabs but yeah crabs also turn
 into shrimp and prawns turn into lobsters and blah blah blah blah and that's all sort of pretty fluid
 all of this takes a really long time millions of years and the word crab obviously doesn't predate
 humans being a thing and we've only been around for you know three hundred thousand years or whatever.
 So what we define to be a crab this is sort of a slightly wafty answer but we define crabs basically
 off of vibes. Crab isn't really a thing. No such thing as a crab. There is legit that's my new
 rival on car. We're going to take you all down yeah. But yeah no there is no such thing as a crab
 and you can say a crab is turning into lobster you can say a lobster is turning into a prawn or a
 shrimp or whatever it depends how you'd find the animals and there seems to be that generally
 people are defining this as you've got a big hard shell on top that covers everything up and your
 eyes retreat into yourself right. Yes but then there's also in the crab world it's hotly debated
 whether or not things like hermit crabs are crabs there's true crabs which are brachioran crabs
 which are kind of the kind of classic crabs that you'd imagine then there's like coconut crabs
 squat lobsters snow crabs or king crabs I can't remember one of them missing a set of legs and
 then Savannah moorans like hermit crabs that are strictly speaking not crabs depending on who you
 ask. I think we're I'm pretty inclusive though I think I would include all of them as crabs.
 Weirdly on QI I don't know if we ever did it but I definitely wrote this question which was name a
 type of crab because pretty much all the ones that people be able to bring to mind like hermit crabs
 or horseshoe crabs or whatever are not true crabs. Genital? Genital crabs? No they're insects.
 Mine thing. All right. Tomorrow it's hoping to turn into one of those.
 I found a few different crab inspired things and I want to quiz and see if any of you guys know
 what they are. So here we go. Does anyone know what a crab landing is?
 Crab landing. Crab landing. So something is landing. A craft may be a helicopter because they look
 a bit like crabs don't they? Yeah. And they do it. All of these things going to be just they do
 things sideways because it kind of feels like there you go it is. It's not helicopters it's airplanes.
 So when an airplane is landing you know sometimes you'll see videos online of heavy storms and
 planes landing in them but the plane is positioned on a diagonal angle as they're coming and then what
 they do right at the last second is they turn it back so that the wheels are landing straight
 as they're coming in. I suppose because you always have to land into a headwind so you would have
 to do it that way if there's a crosswind on the... Okay. Yeah. Strip I suppose. Yeah. There is crab
 scratching. Okay we might be down to genitals again. Now this is a DJ method. So it's when you are
 doing you're combining rapid hand movements on the vinyl itself as well as the crossfader. So a really
 quick scratch movement. Yeah that was James just so the audience at home know we didn't have a mixed
 master mic with us in the studio today. Cheers Mike. Thank you. That'll be all. And then the last one
 is ejector crab. Sideways ejection. Yeah though it's in rowing it's when someone's or you catch a crab.
 Yeah we have done this. We've caught crabs haven't we? Yeah it's when you put in the oil when it's
 going the wrong way and it gets kind of flipped out of the water. Yeah extreme ejector crab is when
 you get flipped out of the boat because the the hole is so great in the water. But then you can't enter
 the pole vault with that move. That would be a great combo Olympic sport. It should happen.
 Crab's testes and ovaries swell and shrink with the moon I believe. That's a good one too. That
 worries me if you but you say no I don't think I will but it past them. I think they do do it because
 they use them as a calendar. It's not super precise if it's like I need to be there at 9.30 in
 the morning then probably not. But if you like to remember what they like let's say you get paid
 on the 27th of every month you could have a little crap ovaries. I think if you always get paid
 on the new moon which is how our office works yes. Okay it is time for fact number three and that is
 James. Okay my fact this week is that in late 19th century America but plugs were advertised as a cure
 for bad breath. You stick them in your mouth and then you can't breathe. How does this how does
 this work? Is it a theory? Well it doesn't work. Okay I'm getting a refund. There were thing called
 Young's dilators and they were patented in 1892 by Frank E Young and he sold them as a radical cure
 for piles and constipation and the idea was that you would use these butt plugs you put them up your
 bum and help you to train your muscles up there and that would help you for various rectal issues
 that you might have. But then they kept pushing them for more and more different things and in 1949
 the USDA banned their advertisements because they claimed to cure foul breath, bad taste in the mouth,
 acne, arrhythmia, uticaria, anemia, insomnia, anorexia, headaches and nervousness.
 But if you see these things they come in lots of different sizes I would say they would enhance
 my nervousness. Yes. Is that getting rid of insomnia? I don't think having a giant butt plug up
 you would. But yeah you just see these images online of I you might do James. Yeah nice
 my Google search is slightly different. Well actually I did find one because there's one going
 on eBay at the moment. It's an original and it doesn't say if it's been used or not. But yeah it's
 going for 71 pounds and then you got about 30 pounds postage and handling and I'm looking at the
 buy it now button but I just feel like it sounds like a bargain. It does doesn't it because it's
 on the article that you sent around James in the comments said I found one in my grandfather's old
 belongings. Do you think there was a lot? And he said they're not too much and this is the only
 one I could find on eBay that's going. I think maybe we've been a little bit too hard on Dr.
 Young here. Oh yeah. And so hear me out I think curing bad breath by sticking something on your
 bum is not a completely insane idea. The theory being that lots of kind of gut issues are caused by
 of imbalance of different bacteria and so some bacteria that are meant to be in your large intestine
 can end up in your small intestine and they produce different chemicals some of which are
 hydrogen sulfide which smells really bad and is the sort of farty smell in stink bombs and these
 stinky compounds get into your bloodstream and then they end up coming out in your bad breath.
 But one of the ways of solving gut issues is using a fecal transplant if you know anything about
 fecal transplants. So there to inoculate an ill person with healthy bacteria from somebody else's
 poo. So sticking a dildo up your bum clean wouldn't do anything but if it was covered in a healthy
 person's shit then you could cure your bad breath. What does it say on the eBay listing done?
 It's been cleansed damage. So a used rectal dilator might help. Interesting. In an indirect way because
 then that would solve your gut issues which would then stop your bad breath issues. You know what
 listerine first and then the poo up. So dilating that area is good for certain things. So I feel
 like originally they probably intended them for things like fissures, anal fissures which can be
 worse if you're like a bit too tightened so you'll have something to dilate and relax the muscles
 which can alleviate the fissure. Not an anal fissure as in this crab is not really hard enough.
 I'm going to put it back for two more minutes. Is that how they all talk those people?
 If they're anal they are. Sorry of course. Yes. Like quite James. Good point.
 Oh yeah, totally missed that. Is it your bedtime yet?
 Anyway I got into some pretty pretty dodgy territory. I'm looking at 19th century treatments for
 anal fissures and putting things up your bum which does work and there was a method which was to
 introduce fingers as you know men will have a prostate check obviously doing the same thing.
 Fingers would work to relax the muscle a little bit but there was a doctor called Joule Mezzonurve
 who was operating in the mid 19th century and he said the using the fingers to relax that muscle
 was too slow often had to be redone in order to alleviate these problems and so he suggested a
 more complete and quick way by gradually insinuating the fingers one by one into the rectum until the
 whole hand was inside then firmly clenching it and forcibly withdrawing. And apparently according
 to the 1884 book which I was reading I said this repulsive procedure met with no favour whatsoever.
 And thus ventriloquism was born. Oh my gosh. I found another one called actkinson's
 registered rectum supporter which it looks a bit like a weightlifting belt if you can imagine that
 but then it has some sort of bulbous bits that you appear to go up your bum and again it was like
 for fishers and for piles and all that kind of stuff but what's kind of interesting is that
 this went on display in the Great Exhibition of 1851. So this big exhibition at Crystal Palace
 and they had like all these incredible things from all around the world but if you went right at
 the card and be able to find this. That's really fine. What do you think? Do you imagine what does
 this one do? This way mum. This way mum. You were a bum expert right?
 I have written a book on Bums. I mean he's the children's book on Bums but it's a great book though
 natural history of Bums. I read it to my kids and there was great ones like rabbit poo how they
 have a poo that basically isn't digested properly the first time around so they eat the poo again
 the pellets and then poo it out as poo proper the second time because they have to get the 12 out of
 it but grass is really really really difficult to eat so rabbits eat it twice whereas things like
 hippos and cows and stuff have multiple stomachs but yeah most animals have a bum and I think it's
 only things that sort of jellyfish and sort of like brittle stars and basket stars and stuff like that
 the don't and sea sponges things like that but generally 99% of animals have Bums because it's
 just such a good system. It is I'm not complaining. It's such a good moment in our history. The moment we
 decided to separate the mouth from the anus. Well there's a new theory that actually it was
 separating the anus from the sperm ducts I think. They've looked at there's a study that's looked at
 what genes are responsible for what things and I mean I think this is one of those theories that
 might be supplanted in 10 years but currently there's research from the University of Bergen in Norway
 they were looking at the genetics of a zenocelomorphs which are like they look a bit like flatworms
 they're like weird lumpy things and anyway they've got a genital opening which could have like
 gone under poor which is where the sperm comes out and they use the same genes to make that genital
 opening as human embryos used to make their digestive tube and so all of these facts they've
 pieced together to say at some point we had this sperm opening and then we started to think or
 evolution decided that we should merge it with an digestive tract and have poo come out of it.
 Now I don't know how they're explaining the fact that then another sperm opening had to be created
 which it was. I did read an article in New Scientist by the people who did this study and they said
 once a hole is there you can use it for other things. Oh yes. It feels like a bumper sticker.
 Humans are really good at lots of things but what one thing we got the no other animal has got?
 Podcasts. Maybe culture I guess you could say but then those binobos that put little
 grass in their ear and then all the others copied it. I think like planning, like long-term planning
 and stuff people always say you know we're able to have episodic memory and then we can tell
 it to long-term planning but you're going to say it's Bums. It's Bums, I think it's Bums, yeah so
 there is there are some transverse folds in our rectum called Houston's Bulves and these
 seem to support the weight of fecal matter which means that you can kind of hold your poo in a
 little bit. You don't always assume you need to go, you just need to go obviously it doesn't always
 work out but they're named after a guy called John Houston and they appear to be only in humans.
 Wow. There was a study back in the 19th century which looks for Houston Vals in as many different
 mammals as they could find so in wolves, bears, rhinoceros, primates couldn't find it in any of them
 only in humans. Wow. So it could be that this specific fold in your bum is the one thing that
 makes us special. That's so good because if I if I ever ship myself in public from now on I'm going
 to say Houston we've had a problem. So that's the thing that we've got that's so different from
 everyone else. Well I'm sure I mean there are many other things I've just been a bit facetious but
 you know I think we've got the massliest Bums of any animal as well. I think we've got the largest
 bum in relation to our body size so like hippos and elephants whatever obviously have way bigger
 Bums but the body size our Bums are the biggest I think. That's good because our glutes are used for
 long distance running. Yeah and standing us. Yeah. And because the Kardashians wouldn't have had a
 show would they? Yeah. That was about to culture again. Yes. Here we go. I felt weird. I did read a
 study about how the fact that we can hold it in might have caused us to out compete all other
 animals because basically it means that you're not pooing everywhere and leaving your cent
 everywhere so you can't be followed. That's true. In 2013 and these authors said it may have contributed
 to the successful march of hominids along the road of evolution. So there we go. Maybe you're right.
 It's all about the anal fold. Very cool. Well we've blown we've blown this wide open and it's been
 painful. Back to putting things up our Bums. Oh yeah. There was quite a recent thing in the medical
 literature about a man who went to hospital because he had some heart palpitations. They you know
 didn't really know what was wrong with him but they decided that it was bad enough that they were
 going to have to give him a cardio version which is a thing where you you restore the heartbeat
 properly. Anyway before they did that they had to check that he didn't have any gastrointestinal
 bleeding and so the physician did a digital rectal exam to check there was no bleeding up there.
 Finger up the bum pulled it back out no blood on there good but then the man's heart palpitations
 completely disappeared. His heart slowed right down to 80 beats per minute and they decided well
 we don't need to do anything more. He came back a few months later and had no problems again
 and they think that maybe the finger of the bum is what cured him. According to the paper it could
 have been due to stimulation of the vagus nerve which is the very trendy thing at the moment
 was the nerve that goes right the way up your body and supposedly if you stimulate it in some way
 it can help all sorts of different things. Is that trendy like on the front page of Cosmo?
 Well it is kind of like in you know if you see headlines about oh all you need to do is stimulate
 your vagus nerve and it will you know save all these different things. If you have headaches it's
 probably your vagus nerve. If you have this it's probably your vagus nerve. And if you've ever wondered
 if all those cases about people sticking things up their bottoms you know there's comedy cases you
 get in the news about Whipsy Daisy a tryptoma hoover. If they are just a 21st century phenomenon
 they are not. I was reading a list from 1757 by the French anatomist Solver François Mohonde
 who decided to publish a list of all the cases he'd come across of people putting things up their
 bums. It was published in the memoirs of the Royal Academy of Surgeon. Oh no. Well because imagine
 you've got away with it you know you're back home you're like no one's ever going to find out
 about this and there's an announcement. We've collated all the people. Don't worry. Where was this?
 1757. Are all the things very 18th century things that they put up the bums?
 A candle so that's quite 18th century yes. It doesn't mention if it was little or not. So he
 catalogs it very nicely so he first will put in a column what it was up with the rectum the bladder
 or the willy. Bladder. Yeah I know some people that was the candle one actually and then he'll put
 what it was that went up and then he'll put who it was in the explanation so it was like rectum
 bottle priest. This is the worst game of Pluto I've ever had. That was because the priest suffered
 from a stubborn flow and was told to put a whole candle in his urethra. Now I was at lots of the
 other ones which are just man or woman as opposed to priest he said apparently or alleged or they
 claimed but with the priest he just took his word as red which I'm going to say I don't know about
 that priest. I don't know if I believe him. Bladder three beans man had trouble urinating so try to
 enlarge his urethra. Bladder one bean man still would not acknowledge he'd put the bean in there
 himself. Rectum bottle priest suffered from constipation used the long bottle to irrigate
 his rectum and lost it. Lost it. Lost it. Lost it. Lost it. Lost it. Lost it. Lost it. Lost it. That's a good excuse
 that one. I would almost believe that one. Almost. The rectum irrigation is that you mean the excuse
 for when the wife says what happened to my bottle? I lost it. Where did you lose it? I don't know I've
 lost it. Where did you last see it? Let's not go inside. Why are you not sitting down with me? I'm
 just going to stand for a bit actually. Anyway and then there are lots and lots and lots of rings
 stuck around penises and for all of those ones it just says no reason given. No reason given. Okay. No
 reason given. That's fair enough. Yolo. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If they'd have that phrase I'm sure he
 would have written that. So much of history would have been possible with that. Yolo. That's an explanation
 back then. Okay it's time for our final fact of the show and that is Anna. My fact this week is that
 there is no customer toilet in the Icelandic punk museum even though the whole thing is within
 a toilet. That's great. I imagine really needing a piss being denied a piss and then being angry
 about it is quite a punk thing. Lots of people maybe not that's why they don't like the customer toilet.
 This is the Icelandic punk museum open 2016. Seems like a very cool place and all the exhibits are
 in a toilet. Is it like one of those underground toilets? It is. It's like what passed this place.
 It was closed where I went. I like I saw it when I was in Reykjavík. Yeah. In Reykjavík. Yeah exactly
 and I think it was one of the only public toilets in downtown Reykjavík and so they've just
 directed lots of exhibits in the toilet bowls, in the sinks and I did try to call to confirm this
 is definitely true and I called the number that it's quite hard to find a number for them. I think
 they might just not have a phone and the number that AI thought that they might have I rung up and
 they said it was a rock bar and when I said is it definitely not the toilet. They didn't know what I
 was talking about. I can say it definitely exists from the outside. It definitely exists. I'm 100%
 it exists. I just wanted to check that there's no toilet. I can imagine a punk museum would answer
 their phone like that. Yeah. Well no we don't, but something else. Yeah you're right. Yes sticking it
 to the man. They were when it opened Johnny Rotten of the sex pistols opened it. Yeah he went over
 and he was part of the opening so it's it's a sort of very legit thing because there's a lot of great
 punk history in Iceland. Bjork used to be in a punk band. Yeah the purist complained about the
 amount of Bjork in there. They did. And I should say on the fact that it was opened by Johnny
 Rotten something funny about my research was I just couldn't work out the truth because
 there were these different histories. I knew it was opened by someone in the sex pistols but some
 of the sources said it was opened by John Leiden and then some of the some of the sources said
 I don't know how long did you spend wasting your time on that one. It was a good 15 minutes of
 like where's the original photo or something and which one is that. And then you're like oh great
 they look the same. How am I meant to work this out? That's very funny. It's a shame James that
 you didn't go down the stairs to see the reason for if it was closed because apparently a few people
 have gone it will say things like close today because I don't know someone's died or someone's
 ill whatever pick one. I just really I'm feeling it was just a Monday and it doesn't open on Monday
 so I just went to the penis museum in the end anyway. Yeah. One of the mainstream ones in the end.
 You've got to do the obvious tourist tramps. They've got great museums there though. Iceland's.
 You must have been to a bunch right? Yeah. Did you go to the Bobby Fisher one? No I didn't. What's
 that? That's in Reykjavik. It's the Bobby Fisher Center and it's a basically the 1972 World
 chess championship was there and this one is I guess you know chess really well but it's that was a
 seminal championship because the Soviet Union had a stranglehold and Bobby Fisher comes in as an
 American being like told by the major party heads in America but you've got to do this. We've got
 we're in a big battle right now. This is a huge symbolic thing for us and what they have in the museum
 is a replica of the chessboard that they played on but they've also got. I mean all chess
 puzzle. That's what I was confused about. So yeah. But they've got a printout for the radiation
 measurements that were demanded by Boris Spaske's delegation and that was because Bobby Fisher was
 winning these matches and they thought he was using all these tricks to do it. One was that his
 seat that he was sitting on was electrically charged and was sending electromagnetic stuff towards
 Thorus and it was freaking him out. They thought that the lights were doing something. They wanted to
 check absolutely everything. Whereas Fisher on the other hand he was sort of he was quite mercurial
 and he just played his own game. He was not an a no Fisher as well as that one. I see.
 Well there was a there were nice james okay so I think Bert Scott's hanging the sound now.
 There were allegations that the current chess champion was cheating using a vibrator up his
 arms. It wasn't the current champion but it was someone who was playing again. It was Magnus who
 claimed that this guy was doing it. When in fact he was just trying to get his breath smelling a bit
 better. I guess that's sort of the modern radiation I suppose. It's a paranoid game. They took the lights
 off and they found two dead flies in it and they almost performed all topsies on the flies to see
 if they were somewhere involved and that got cut short in the end. But anyway that's there. That's
 there the Bobby Fisher Centre. That's cool. That's very cool. I mean it must be hard starting a weird
 niche museum and expecting anyone to turn up to it. Is it Bert? Yeah I mean it is and we didn't
 read we had no idea what we were doing and when we opened I remember thinking oh my god we've
 spent all of our life savings on this. I have a child what have we done this is terrible but yeah
 we do have a toilet though so we've got one thing over here. That's what I do with five stars
 actually. Yeah yeah yeah just because of the toilet. On the day we opened actually we we'd had an
 idea and we weren't sure whether or not to do it and we had like an hour spare. So we ran to Morrison's
 and bought a load of like pasta and flour and some croissants and stuff and then we put that in our
 toilet. So we've got a smaller museum in our toilet which is the carb museum which is completely
 unrelated to the crab museum. So it was it was Chase's idea. He's got kind of weapons grade
 dyslexia and ADHD wouldn't mind me saying that and he really struggles to read things and it was
 really useful having him he sort of went through all of the all of the material that me and Ned have
 ever written and sort of going this is to boring change the font you need to change the spacing like
 if I can't read it then like a child won't be able to nobody else can be able to and but of
 course you didn't put any space in between any of the words. No of course yeah yeah and I just call
 these little weird squiggly vowel markings over the top of everything but yeah he came up this
 idea for the carb museum which is it's all of his sort of bad spelling mistakes. And why the crab
 were you a crab lover beforehand or were you just in Margate and you thought well they have a lot
 of them here? No I think I think a crab lover of sorts. Okay yeah if that's if that's a time
 yeah because if you just named after things that happen in Margate it just be like tiresome hipsters.
 I mean the tiresome hipster museum. There's definitely room for tiresome hipster museum
 and it will be me opening it that's for sure. But would you believe it? It is the only museum dedicated
 to deckapods in all of Europe. That is surprising. In fact it's the only place in the world outside
 of China and Taiwan. Really? So yeah there's a Taiwan crab museum and then there's another one
 just on the other side of the straight in mainland China because the Chinese will like what if the
 Taiwanese have got a crab museum and we're going to get an even bigger one and they're ones that twice
 the size. There are four anchovy museums in Europe. There's one in Sicily, one in mainland Italy
 and two in the Spanish town of La Scala. This town has a population of 10,374 but it has two
 anchovy museums and there's a pilchard works in Carmel which is a museum for pilchards. I was just
 looking for other seafood museums. Why do they need two? Is it one was so oversubscribed that it's
 for the overflow? It's basically the entire town is anchovies you know it's where most of the
 anchovies come from this area in Spain. That's very cool. We've got just back down in Margateway
 there's a neighboring town of Ramsgate and there's a small museum there that's called but this museum
 is not in brackets obsolete and it is a museum that is dedicated entirely to what are seemingly
 obsolete bits of technology and music equipment and so on and the... Yeah exactly and that's run by a
 guy who is called LookMom, no computer, who some of you might recognize that name because he was
 this year's entrant for Britain in the Eurovision contest. So he's got an amazing little museum
 down in Ramsgate. Is it amazing as his Eurovision entry? I heard and I haven't actually seen or heard
 it so I'm just going by popular opinion. Is it in Ramsgate because all these old bits of computers
 have got lots of wrap. So another weird museum is born of real passion. There's the Museum of Clean
 in Idaho which I think is my favourite just because it's made by someone who it's his life's devotion,
 a guy called Don Aslid and so when he was 16 I think it was in 1953 he'd never even made his bed
 before but he decided I'm going to make a living through cleaning. He put an ad in the local paper
 saying Don Aslid, professional cleaner and he built himself up and up became the king of clean,
 has a whole janitorial empire and has written 40 books on how to be clean. He's like the original
 he's the original Trinion Susanna for people our age or the original what's that clean influencer?
 Mrs. Hinch. Mrs. Hinch, yes. Anyway, I can't believe I'm so old that my cleaning influencer
 is no longer current. That is so upsetting. Sad times. Anyway this museum sounds amazing. So
 what I did quite like about it was that the most of the negative reviews of it I read all of them
 and in fact the only thing that said about it negatively is that it is too cluttered or too dusty
 and dirty. There was one person who said it's like grandma's attic, the overall impression is a
 muddle. For a clean museum there's lots of dust but yeah he's obsessed with decluttering.
 I found a few more ironic museum things. Oh yeah. In 2024 the Museum of Neoliberalism
 in Lewisham which is against capitalism it was reported they had to be closed down because
 there were being turned into luxury flats. Although I went on the website and they do seem to
 still exist. So I don't know if they moved or whether they changed this plan. But if you go in there
 for instance they have the bottle of Amazon employee urine that someone who was like driving
 Amazon parcels around and wasn't allowed to go for a wee would urinate into a bottle. That's
 in the museum. I'm sorry it's against neoliberalism I get it. In 2019 the American Kennel Club
 opened the museum of the dog which said no dogs allowed. Unless you're a support animal you
 learn a lot of spring dogs in there. When we were in DC doing fish live over there I went to the
 Ford Theatre where Lincoln was shot and as you walk in it has a no guns sign. It's like it's still
 they're still they're still feeling it. Still tense. There was an interesting thing that museums
 were faced with a few years ago. This is around 2021. Social media started banning them from posting
 up lots of their art if nudity was involved. So a group of museums in Vienna created an only
 fans account where they posted all of these nudes up there and they were trying to just get their
 point about the craziness of censorship that was going on. And there you go and there's your excuse
 million men listening for the reason you have the only fans account. I was going for the Vienna
 art thing and my finger just slipped onto big boobs McGee all over it. I followed big boobs
 McGee too. Oh she's good. Love her work. That's a huge issue isn't it because almost every
 statue of museums are naked. They've got they've got to rethought that. Just another like
 inadvertent thing that happened when museums were clamped down on. December last year when the Trump
 administration was doing it's big clamped down on DEI. I mean it still is. So there's this massive
 long list of words that they weren't allowed to use in any of their websites, any of their materials
 words included stuff that you'd imagine like the word inclusion you're not allowed to use, the word
 gender you're not allowed to use, the word pronoun you're not allowed to use. And I guess they
 just got an AI or an idiot to just comb through all their websites. This has clearly been written
 by AI or an idiot. It's the only two people working with their administration. But the word
 diversity was on that list. Now what do museums say all the time? They say we've got an incredibly
 diverse collection. So suddenly all these museums had to remove all mentions of their collections
 being diverse and all these website pages were shut down. Just a real sledgehammer. That's like
 the London one, the Horniman Museum. Remember all of its emails were getting clogged up in people's
 spam because it was me registered as a rude word. Horniman is not coming into your inbox.
 I found a great one which is in Hastings they've got a true crime museum which is pretty brutal
 the exhibits that they have because it is real life crimes in and around the UK. But they were broken
 into and the person didn't steal anything because the main bit of the museum was behind steel doors
 and they couldn't break through. So they just went around bashing up cutouts of the Kray brothers
 and stuff like that. Come, that would be satisfying. Getting to punch a Kray brother. Yeah,
 lovely would be nice. But they managed to catch the guy on CCTV standing in front of the museum's
 height chart for police mug shots. So the quote from the lady of the museum says he's literally
 standing right in front of our police mug shot photo opportunity. It's designed for people to
 stand and write their name and their crime and stand in front of it and that's the shot we have of him.
 That's brilliant. Like a sack in a striped shirt. And so there was talk about and I couldn't find
 a fit's been done but there was talk about turning that moment itself into an exhibit in the museum.
 So that might actually be something you can see in the museum now. But you can guarantee it will
 be turned into a very tedious 52 episode American podcast. But hopefully that too.
 Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you would like
 to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can all be found online. I'm on @Sriberland on Instagram. James, come and add me on LinkedIn.
 James Harkin. Bertie, where are you? On Instagram at crab museum. Yes, that's right. And just a reminder,
 we say at the top of the show, but Bertie's new book is out. It's written by the crab museum. But
 really it's by Bertie and it's called the no-brainer brain explainer. This is your second book after
 a natural history of Bums. And it's just absolutely rammed with facts about the brain. It's the perfect
 thing to be reading your kids. Tell us a bit more about it before we wrap up. Yeah, it's like it's
 the natural sequel to the bum book because you need a bum in order to ingest enough energy to keep
 your brain going. And there's a diverse, we'll scrub that word, a diverse amount of animal brains,
 and we could have an octopus brain. They've got one in their head where you'd expect there to be.
 And then eight smaller brains in all of their legs. So is an octopus one animal? Is it nine animals?
 Wow. But yeah, there's all sorts of all sorts of brains in there. Yeah, it's absolutely awesome.
 It's beautifully illustrated and it's out now. So get it wherever you get your books. And why not
 come to the seaside and visit the crab museum and the carb museum? They are open now. It's the perfect
 time of the year to come and see it. And if you want to get to us as a group, by the way, we are
 where Anna. We're on Instagram @nosuchthing or email podcast at qi.com. Yeah, podcast@qi.com. That's
 the important one because we want you to send all your feedback there. If it's stuff that you've
 experienced yourself related to the things we've spoken about, maybe you've been to the crime museum,
 maybe you've been to the Bobby Fisher one. Maybe something's got up your butt. Let us know.
 And send pictures because we want to talk about it and all of that will go towards our bonus show,
 which is part of Clubfish, which is on patreon. So patreon.com/clubfish. And that's called drop us a line.
 We read out the best of your emails there. It's really fun. So check that out. Or if you have a good
 fact of your own that you want us to read out, we have a Monday bonus show called Little Fish where
 we read out the best of your stuff. And we are doing that weekly. So send it in there. And we'll
 cherry pick the best to bring to the show. But otherwise, you can just come back here next week
 because we will be back with another episode. And we'll see you then. Good bye.
 You
