 Hi everyone, before we start this week's show, I want to introduce to you our special guest,
 and that is... Hello!
 No, not you, Dan.
 I want to introduce our special guest, his name is Paul Smith, and he is the lead singer of one of
 my very, very most favorite bands in the whole world, Maximo Park. And actually, he has an
 album about this very day. Yes, it's called Diagrams. You can get it at PaulSmithMusic.eu.
 It's an awesome album, and we actually know Paul because we did his podcast last year to promote
 our book, The Book of the Year, and our new book has come out exactly the same time as his album,
 so we thought why not reunite? Let's make it an annual thing. We'll make it an annual thing. So,
 if you want to buy that book to help us get another one so we can meet Paul again,
 do go to Amazon, or no such thing as a fish.com. There's links there. We'd love it if you'd get
 our book as well. I'm with the podcast.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Covert Garden. My name is Dan Shriver, and I'm sitting here with Anichezinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin, and special guest. It's the lead singer of Maximo Park,
 Paul Smith, and once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days, and in a particular order, here we go. Starting with fact number one, and that
 is Paul. The studio that made a hard day's nice demanded the Beatles' voices be dubbed, because
 their thought Americans wouldn't understand their accents. So good. And just for context, they were
 massive at that point, weren't they, in America? There were, and that's why the film was actually
 commissioned. United artists gave them, I think it was £200,000, and I don't know what the equivalent
 of that is these days, but it's still not a great deal to make a feature film. And they thought,
 well, we'll sell loads of records off the back of this terrible movie that will probably bomb,
 and it ended up being one of the biggest movies ever. Yeah, so it was a loophole, wasn't it? It was a
 loophole for the movie company because it meant that they were able to release a Beatles album outside
 of the recording studio contract. So they actually bought a Beatles album for an incredibly low summer
 money. Yeah. And it wasn't dubbed in the end. It wasn't dubbed in the end. You don't hear deep
 South accents, do you? In a hot days night? Not the nine of. So Paul, you must sell records in America,
 right? Just about. Because they hadn't to send anything that you say? I'm very charming abroad,
 apparently. Right, okay. After the show's, you know, you get the usual, I love your British accent,
 that kind of thing. And it's, you know, I don't have a traditional British accent. So around America,
 I get a lot of, hey, you sound really Scottish. I go, well, I'm nearly in Scotland. I live in Newcastle,
 and it's the last big city before you get to Scotland. Yeah. You get people, I think American
 sometimes will, you know, say a scourcer as an Australian or a liver poddins, you know, from South Africa.
 They're pretty wacky with where they get where they're from. But Scourcer's accent is particularly
 hard for people to get, isn't it? It's like a really hard accent for non-liver poddlins to understand.
 So for instance, Jamie Carriger did a documentary, so he's a Liverpool footballer. He did a
 documentary a few years ago called Being Liverpool, and they even subtitled that for the UK audience.
 No, that's amazing. No way. Wow. So on the accent thing, so the Beatles, they did have,
 I didn't know this, they're in cartoon, which ran for about four years in the mid-60s,
 but none of the Beatles had any part in it whatsoever. So none of them sounded like themselves,
 because they were all voiced by other people. So apparently George Sounded Irish, maybe Scourcer,
 John London Sounded American, Paul Sounded like a PG Woodhouse character. They just bore no relation
 to what they were like. Well, they did sing in American accents, didn't they? Like a lot of bands,
 but like if you listen to early Beatles, they sound American. And then in later Beatles albums,
 they go more British sounding. So I've ever puddley in sounding, they go.
 More literally puddley in sounding, exactly. And I think because American is a bit easier to
 understand the words, because Americans drag their words out more, and they have felt like
 rotex saying there are. And also it was just where all the rock and roll was at.
 Yeah, all the influences. All the influences were American. There were no.
 But also it was a good way to sell to a market that was used in listening to American music,
 whereas once they were well established enough by the time they got to Sergeant Peppers,
 then they'd have things like, you know, it's getting better all the time,
 gutting better all the time. That's what the song sounds like. So in the first studio album,
 they pronounce there as 47% of the time. And by the time they were doing Let It Be,
 it was 3% of the time. But it's statistics. And then they went around the other side where
 now Ringo sounds like he lives somewhere in the middle of the Atlantic Ocean.
 Yeah. Because he's lived in America for a long time, and his obviously lives in a celebrity bubble.
 Which is fine. That's not that's no criticism. I would probably be living in that bubble as well
 if I was Ringo. But yeah, it's like a little, yeah, I had a little. Oh, it's a decent piece, kind of.
 Yes, just out of curiosity, because I know sometimes words are missed out. So there's a song
 fixing a hole. Would that have been fixing a hole? What? Like like using internet or not fixing.
 Oh, so you know how I would say using internet or something? That's not a little puddley
 in fact. No, I know. I'm just thinking Northern accents. I think in Liverpool they tend to
 pronounce all of the words. But not the ours. Not the ours. Although I'm thinking you said they
 didn't pronounce the ours in Let It Be. I'm thinking of the lyrics of Let It Be, and it's mostly the
 word Let It Be over and over and over and over and over again. You speak on Let It Be.
 None of us pronounce those are ours though, we should say. I saw it you do.
 You do insert ours into words that don't have them. You pronounce far too many. You collect up all
 of our drop-dars and say them all. But yeah, do you know why the Scouse accent is so singular and kind
 of odd? No. So I didn't quite know. So it does sound really different to places quite nearby. So
 linguists say that actually if you take sort of a Manchester accent and a Newcastle accent maybe
 they can be seen as different variations of the same kind of pattern, whereas Scouse is really
 totally different and it's because when it became this really important port there was so much
 Irish and Welsh immigration and so there's quite a lot of Welsh in the Scouse accent isn't there?
 Irish definitely. And Irish, yeah. Which makes it completely stand out.
 But there is a theory that the Scouse accent is changing and softening as the air gets cleaner.
 So there's an old gag that it's what is it? It's one third Irish one third Manchester and one third
 Qatar. And that's not the country of Qatar isn't it? But so the industrial economy obviously is not
 as big as it was it started changing to service and so clean air legislation has cleaned the air up.
 So there is a theory that this will have an effect. I wish I'd written down more of the details
 of how exactly it's affected. Well the idea is that because people spoke more adonoidally or
 nasally because the air was so bad you would kind of close your airways while you were talking.
 Yeah, like a camel. Like a camel. Yeah, do they do that? Well they can close their nostrils,
 they can close their nostrils as well. I can close my eye. Am I a camel?
 The other thing about the pollution in Liverpool is you used to be able to tell a true
 Liverpoolian in Liverpool by his dirty raincoat because if they had a clean raincoat it meant it was
 a sailor who just arrived from sea whereas if you were living in Liverpool all the time the pollution
 was so bad that your raincoat would be dirty. So if the inside of the raincoat flashing at you
 is clean it's a newly arise. That's not true of our liver puddley isn't it?
 Have you ever I was reading a lot about in music how when a re-dub needs to happen
 lyrically because of a different country where the where the song is being done in France or in
 Italy and so either they bring someone else in to sing a dubbed version or the lead singer of a band.
 So I don't know if Maxima Park is ever with you solo stuff. Yes. Have you ever done a different
 version? I have. Yes I did German for on my last record contradictions by Paul Smith and the
 intimations which is just a made-up band-in. I've got a confess it's just me. And yeah I did a
 version of this song called People on Sunday obviously it's called something different it's called
 mention and Zontag in German and when I was about to play my German tour I got a friend of my wife's
 who's German to translate it for me but I was obviously I'd honed it for the recording when I did it
 live I had all of the words pasted on in front of me on the mic stand and it was it's obviously there's
 quite awkward translations. So do you speak German a little bit? I'm bishin. I'm bishin. I would just say
 it's quite trusting with your friend that they tell you that this is the right words. But she's
 German so she's quite serious. So this is the thing you know and stereo typically she's very straight
 down the line and so I thought she won't have me on. But yeah I could cross check it with my little
 bit of German I knew. That must because you have a singing style which is your accent plays into
 the tone and the style of singing and I always think that must just scramble what your identity as
 a vocalist is all of sudden when you say the language you don't know how does your accent play
 into it? In some ways it does because when I like when we first started one of the first songs that
 was put on it it was put on a German magazine on a CD that you get on the front cover and so lots of
 people knew this song the coast as I was changing and in this particular song I say I am young and I
 am lost and they love the young in German. I love the way you pronounce the word young. Yeah it's
 really great. I think it's about the psychologist young girl. Well this is the thing. I didn't go
 further but it's yeah like young and is a German verb I think and anywhere. There's a great recording
 of the injury playing in Germany and he's just shouting at the audience in Cockney Germans for
 at least half the album is amazing and he translates blockheads into dumb cop and he just keeps getting
 the audience to shout dumb cop it's great. Yeah when things went wrong in Germany they had a little
 bit of German so our keyboard used to break all the time and I would go 'das Klavier ist kaputt?'
 It goes down so well in Germany just that little sprinkling of GCSE German got wrong but it's
 appreciated so much. Boys, does Kino a bit there? My German isn't good enough. I'm sure it wasn't.
 I just assumed that was funny and gave you the laugh. Our small German listenership would have
 gone absolutely crazy. Speaking of dubbing in Russia you would not have subtitles very often for
 movies and they would just dub it into Russian. These days they kind of do have subtitles but in Poland
 they don't still they don't and both countries have a thing called a lector and that was person,
 one person who would dub all the parts for everyone in a movie. They still have that in Poland.
 In Poland they do in Russia they do a little bit but not as much as they used to and basically
 these are extremely professional people who would just read all these different things out and
 they're so professional they're not allowed to swear so you would say rude word whenever you
 came up to a swear word and stuff like that. They're doing all the voices. No they don't even get into
 character. They just read it almost like you would read Shakespeare or something like that. In the
 monitor. So if the example that someone that some angry person gave on a forum because I think
 some like more modern polls get a bit annoyed that this ridiculous system was that you're watching
 sex in the city and all the voices are just this 65-year-old man speaking of all this stuff.
 History. Like the younger people don't like it but there was a poll in 2008 saying that only 19%
 of polls supported the switch to subtitling and television. I don't think we can trust one poll
 to represent the entire nation coming days. Just on the Beatles I have a fact about so and even
 in 1963 Paul McCartney was still signing his name Paul McCartney brackets the Beatles.
 Even in 1963. And they were quite famous by 1963. There must be. There must be a lost Paul McCartney
 here. Super famous. Let's try to find out about Beatles Mania because your fact polls about
 you know when they were becoming huge in America and they did the Ed Sullivan show and something like
 37% of all American people watched that live which is just you know mind blowing. Anyway I got
 from there on to One Direction Mania. I'm just trying to talk to you through my process. I'll see.
 I've always tried to bring it around to One Direction. So One Direction fan hidden a bin for four
 hours to try and meet the band and didn't even get to meet them. No because they couldn't see them.
 They're in a bin. No but they would I think they'll plan to burst out of the bin when One Direction
 came into the room. Did they miss the queue? Is it like when it was bin day for someone from One Direction?
 Harry Styles? Yes it's bin day. Harry Styles House. He's taken the bin out. It's been emptied and
 then you hide in the bin and hope that he drags it back to his house. Is that it? I think it was in a hotel
 or something. But they're not for being really tidy. They're bound to use the bound the frequency
 of One Direction using litter bin is very high. They put a source told the mirror admittedly.
 The boys' minders won't be letting any of these tracks get past them. They'll look in every bin if they
 have to. Oh the intern that gets that job. He really important job for you to do for One Direction.
 It's very exciting. So even the small bathroom. The bathroom bins you'll say. Yep. Even the small
 bathroom bins. Even the ash trays in the cars. We need to move on to our next verse. Can I just
 do you guys know Shares first ever song? Is she released? The first single she ever released was when
 she was 18. It was under the pseudonym Bonnie Joe Mason because her real name Sheryl Eden Appier
 wasn't thought to be American enough and it was called Ringo I Love You and it's a song about how
 much she loves Ringo Star. She recorded it in a bend isn't she? It's so weird. It was a massive flop.
 Have you heard it? Yes. If you listen to it it is a complete ripoff or it's like a splurging
 together of she loves you yeah yeah yeah and another beat or song. I can't believe they didn't get
 sued for it. I think the fact that no one heard it outside did help. She did pick the drummer as well.
 She could have picked a more popular member. Exactly. Yeah I know. Although I actually went to the
 British Embassy in Washington on our last tour and played there and they said well you know it's great
 that you've come and played here this is really exciting but one of the bands that we had before
 was the Beatles. Obviously nothing to live up to that and they said the Beatles came and did a gig
 in the Embassy but they never did anything like that again. It was one of the last live things they
 did because somebody came with a pair of scissors into the British Embassy which I can attest to it
 being fairly security conscious. I went to the toilet and it's got on the back of the door in the
 toilet in the British Embassy a sort of secure really heavy it's like you could lock yourself in if
 something goes down and something really horrific so it's quite serious. When you say sorry something
 really horrific goes down in the toilet. If you've been in a band band members are just notoriously
 stinky. Locked in the frowards. Yeah you don't want to get locked in there when something like that
 goes down in a adjacent toilet. Anyway so somebody got into the British Embassy in whatever 1965
 with a pair of scissors and put a lock of Ringo's hair off so perhaps Cher wasn't actually that you
 know going in the wrong direction. You say that maybe it was Cher. It might have been. It's a long time
 between booking bands isn't it for it. It is. It is beetles maximum. You could say that you had
 lined him for the beetles but there was just a long gun. Exactly they're supported as
 Italy. Okay it is time for fact number two and that is Andy. My fact is that monkeys in Melbourne Zoo
 are no longer allowed to eat bananas because humans have bred them to have so much sugar that the
 monkeys were getting obese. It's a funny story but it's quite a sad story I think. It's funny
 answer. It's got everything. It's got everything. It's going to be a movie. Yeah. So it's bizarre and
 it's not just Melbourne Zoo like loads of zoos have done this so there are zoos in there's one in
 Devon called Peynton Zoo. There's Bristol Zoo. They've done the same thing. It's because humans are
 great at breeding bananas, sweeter and sweeter and sweeter and in the wild monkeys wouldn't get
 anywhere near this kind of sugar. They're not even neat bananas. I try to find proof that monkeys do
 eat bananas. I call into Catherine Milton who studied the diets of primates for decades.
 I'll buy that. Yeah. The entire wild monkey banana connection is a total fabrication. That's great.
 Yeah. That should be a journey. Where did it come from then with this obsession with monkeys and
 bananas? I think it must be the circus because the thing is like you don't get bananas in the wild.
 These kind of bananas that we eat you just don't get them in the wild so unless they're breaking into
 farms. Are we saying that no monkey in the wild is Dr. Catherine saying that no monkey in the wild
 has ever eaten a plantain or a plantain. Yeah, but the kind of bananas that we eat they don't.
 The wild bananas you get are rubbish like round and have loads of seeds in them and taste terrible
 apparently. So monkeys probably just don't want them. But the thing is they love bananas.
 I'm not saying they don't like bananas. It's like Catherine Milton. He's just saying that they
 would never get the ones that you get in weight trousers. They wouldn't get them in the wild. It's
 basically like having an all cracked diet. Yeah. Which is not healthy. What have we done to them?
 Or sort of cake or chocolate. It's like eating only cake or chocolate. So instead they're
 just fed leafy vegetables these days and they only get a banana if they have to have some
 medication and then they hide the medication inside the banana. It sounds so rubbish. They're
 getting kind of kale and lettuce aren't they? Yeah. It's like delicious. If it's the only time
 we ever let you have a pint we put some volume in it or something. Yeah. Yeah. I'd claim I need a
 volume. Yeah. Very often. Their favourite food though. Not banana. That's number two. Apparently
 this is according to a study that was done in 1936. But has never been disproved. Monkeys favourite
 food is grape. Apparently grape is number one and then bananas are number two. They get apps
 in nuts for grapes. So that's kind of the heroin I think and the banana is the cocaine. So if this
 was a thing about monkeys and grapes if you make a monkey do a job and I'm talking a simple
 simple job. Not like civil engineer or something. No it was to take a rock and put it in the experimenter's
 hands. So it's a basic task but if you make a monkey do that task for a reward like a bit of cucumber
 but then you let it see another monkey doing the same task and being given a grape then the first
 monkey will start to slack off and it will do the job with less enthusiasm and we'll get a right
 less of the time. It will care less. Fair enough. Why are you trying to drive these two monkeys apart
 and make them hate each other by preferring one over the other or things? Bananas are weird though aren't
 they? And what context? They're weird because whenever you crossbreed the subspecies they don't create
 seeds. So that's why we've got this brilliant seedless banana but we're going to lose it. So people
 are worried. The main banana that people ate was the grown Michelle banana until the 50s or
 60s and then that was wiped out and now there's a panema disease that wiped out that banana has come
 back to wipe out the only variety we have left. And so we're in serious trouble and scientists are
 trying to breed a new banana to get around this and they can't get it to taste right. You know the
 grown Michelle was even sweeter than the current one. Really? Yeah. You know like banana candies like
 little sweets look like bananas and taste like bananas but actually when you think about it they
 don't really taste like bananas do they? Well they taste like grown Michelle bananas. I think it grows.
 No just way sweeter. Yeah. And people there's a theory that actually it's a myth that the reason
 that they taste differently to bananas is because we made them when grown Michelle bananas were
 around and we made them taste like those but actually we just made the candies taste like very sweet
 bananas and it just happens to be the same. I wonder if we were in Melbourne Zoo and we were fed
 those candy bananas. Yeah. Whether or not that would be more hurtful to us than an actual banana is
 to monkeys. If that was all yeah. That would be bad yeah. Would it be worse do you think? Like I'm
 trying to see the equivalent of how bad that is. Well effectively you're just eating sugar and
 food coloring. Yeah. Sweetener. I mean how long do you think you could survive on just the diet
 of those candy bananas a few years? No. Like for instance if you only eat rabbits you can't
 last for more than a year. No rabbits. Yeah. Where are you in the scenario? You're in the desert
 island and it's just you and two rabbits and you think I won't eat them for now. I'll let the
 bait. There's loads of them. But by the time that happens you're fine but then you eat them and
 then there's something in them that you don't get enough of. Oh it's one of the vitamins, isn't it?
 It's one of the vitamins. It's A or D. Yeah bananas are good though. They've got almost everything
 that you need in them for a while. So if you only ate bananas and rabbits. You want a fucking weird
 idiot rabbit split. There wasn't very that I remember reading ones. Was this about Peter Andre?
 Peter Andre collapsed after eating too many bananas because he was obviously very very
 muscular chap when he was especially when he first started out he was known for being Mr.
 Mussels. This is the rock star kind of anecdote I like. And he's maintained a good physique
 but in his in his in his early days that was that was his selling USP. The selling point was
 always. Yeah always you know any waterfall that was near by he'd be underneath it. We've all seen
 the mysterious girl. Exactly. We've seen it. We know the skull. So how does it look to bananas?
 So yeah before some sort of show that he was doing which you know would probably be you know
 in a record shop or something not necessarily an actual stage show. Okay. I think it was like
 some sort of in-store appearance. Peter Andre collapsed and the rumor had had it that he'd eaten
 too many bananas because he ate like seven or eight bananas in a row just to keep his
 potassium levels up because he was you know it felt or his dietician felt that he needed
 this to maintain his stunning physique. And then I'm now getting into digression sketchy
 deterioration. I then read a few years later that he you know he had collapsed but he was ill or
 something blah blah blah but he was eating a very large amount of bananas at the time.
 Yeah I think his rider his rider now says no bananas every day. Yeah managers what the fuck is this?
 Keep me aware from the bananas. The bag check on the way into gigs is just for bananas.
 Peter sees one of those he collapses on stage. I think that's true. But do you know who else
 used to have loads of bananas? Gordon Brown. What's the one link between Gordon Brown and Peter Andre?
 Gordon Brown used to have nine bananas every day. The brown has a very nice physique too.
 Quite good. My bananas a day. He was trying to give up smoking. Now he started me think about
 smoking bananas. Not that I've ever done anything like that. But in the 60s, mellow yellow,
 the the Donovan song was people believed it to be about smoking bananas as an alternative to cannabis.
 Yeah that's a very cheap alternative which yeah apparently has no effect. I see the big book of
 Paul Smith banana pop. Where's my contract? Where's the book contract? I actually read about
 the Donovan song and Donovan has since I believe done an interview where he said that that was the
 story that came out in the myth at the time that it was to do with smoking the insides of bananas.
 In fact inside the in the lyrics of the song he talks about an electric banana which was a vibrator
 and mellow yellow supposedly is a vibrator. You know bananas skins. Are they slippy? They're
 slippy. Yes they are super slippy. They've got a good natural lubricant on them. And actually if
 you look up banana skin lubricant trying to find cool scientific stuff there is so much weird
 sex advice out there about what to do with banana skins but that is not why I'm going to mention.
 I banan slipping on a banana skin has been a comedy trope since the mid 19th century
 and actually it was a genuine concern that it was a proper danger so this is a time when from the mid 1800s
 then lots of bananas are suddenly being imported into America and I found a New York Times article
 from the 1890s where the president of the New York police force declared war on the banana skin.
 So he said he was really worried because he explained that the bad habits of banana skin
 dwelling particularly on its tendency to toss people into the air and bring them down with
 terrific force onto the hard pavement and he introduced a new sort of law in New York saying that
 you get fined for dropping banana skins and that was president of the police force Teddy Roosevelt.
 So that's where he got his start in life. Wow. I was going to be reading the round the same time.
 No I wasn't reading that around the same time but I was reading about things that were happening.
 This is really sketchy but I think there was groups of people who would go around
 railway stations and they would deliberately kind of pretend to fall and they would drop banana skins
 on the ground and say oh you didn't move that I'm going to sue you. That was a big early insurance
 game. I think we've never mentioned it before but it's worth mentioning again. Sure.
 And there were trained inspectors who were trained to ask loads of questions like
 were there bananas for sale on the train? All these details that you could use to spot a fraudster.
 Have we mentioned sliding Billy Watson before?
 No, but please. He was a famous board of a lot, huge deal, early 1900s and his sole gag was sliding
 on stage on a banana skin. People were easily pleased. There was lots of laughing records,
 some of the first ever recorded discs that became popular and widely bought were of just
 of people laughing. The laughing policeman was one of the most famous parts of that trend but it
 was a total thing where people just loved hearing people laughing out of these new grammar forms.
 People never heard records and so they didn't think let's put a song on it. They thought let's
 record people laughing and they made millions. It was cool. The laughing policeman is a great song.
 It's a classic. The laughing norm not so much have you heard that one?
 David Bowie. David Bowie's first, I think it's his first single maybe. The laughing norm.
 It was the best time to I love Ringo Star, wasn't it?
 Some of our most famous stars have had in our species beginnings.
 In Korea, this is exciting. They sell a one a day banana pack. So it's five bananas in underneath
 plastic and they're all ripened. One of them's really ripe. One of them's almost ripe. One of them's
 not that ripe. One of them's not ripe at all and the other one's almost unripe.
 Wow. It's cheaper than every day. At the end of the day, they're completely ripe.
 Well, they've in Japan they have invented an edible banana peel. So you now just eat the banana.
 This is a big thing. People keep saying it's really good for you. It's called the monkey banana.
 It makes you healthy. It protects your heart. Curses in somnia and depression. Stop people
 slipping over. Stop people slipping over. There's no evidence for anything except stopping people
 slipping over. It's your body, even if there are nutrients in there, which there may be,
 your body won't be able to absorb them. And also, if you don't wash it really carefully,
 you'll probably get pesticide. So don't eat a banana peel. I can't believe I'm going to say this.
 Imagine if, do you think, because that feels like the early kind of modern comedy,
 if we got rid of banana peels or started eating them and comedy died.
 Oh, wow. I reckon it would. I reckon that would trigger the end of all comedy.
 If we lost the slapstick banana peel, man. That's the moment in history where the universe is when,
 yeah, there's a universe out there where comedy doesn't happen. Yeah. Because we ate
 eight ore peels. All right. Wow. Or maybe we'll be that moment in history. I don't know.
 Or maybe this podcast is that moment in history where comedy doesn't help.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three. And that is Chuzansky.
 Yeah, my fact this week is that Nobel Prize when a Barry Marshall has developed a belt that
 senses stomach rumblings inspired by his son, who's a seismologist who makes devices that sense
 vibrations on the ocean floor, which I just find so cool as a kind of really random crossover
 to totally different industries. So he's just around the table with his son one day saying,
 I've got to look into this stomach rumbling thing. He's investigating IBS and he wants to know how to
 diagnose it quickly. And you know, his son just says, well, I've got this instrument. The
 senses vibrations on the floor of the sea. You want to try that. And he has and he's made this belt.
 So should you just first say who Barry Marshall is because he's a bit of a hero isn't he?
 He's a deal. He's Nobel prizes for an awesome reason. Yes. So he got a Nobel prize in 2005
 because he proved that stomach ulcers, which everyone needs to say was caused by stress.
 And I think a lot of people kind of still do say that he approved their cause by bacteria.
 And he did that by swallowing a whole bunch of bacteria and giving himself a stomach ulcer,
 which I think we've said before and that proved that that did it. And that means he can cure stomach ulcers
 with antibiotics. And then that has massively reduced stomach cancer in the Western world.
 And he did it against the medical establishment really because you're not meant to self-experiment.
 And he was desperately trying to get experimented on subjects who had it, but the medical board said,
 no, not possible. So he went home and he was like, he put it on some toast or something.
 It was like a broth wasn't it? It was against his wife as well who was very, very upset about it.
 Really? And then he said he never told her because it was one of the occasions when it would be
 easier to get forgiveness than get permission. But she got really upset about it because she thought,
 she believed him, of course, that it was a bacteria that caused it. And she thought that by
 giving himself it, it would give it to the whole family and all that kind of stuff. Yeah. Fair.
 But you can't, you don't kiss with your stomach.
 Some sort of exotic practice. It's so interesting how everyone thought that bacteria
 couldn't live in the stomach. So that's why it can't be a bacterial thing when you have a stomach also.
 But also, there was no incentive really to discover a cure because antacids,
 you know, things which neutralize the acid in your stomach were very popular. And also,
 you have to keep taking them for life. Yeah, and also they do kind of help quite a lot, don't they?
 So it was almost like that, like you say, not that much incentive because the industry was huge,
 but also it was kind of doing quite a good job. And deals with the symptoms. It just doesn't deal with
 the ulcer. Yeah. Because at the start of the 20th century, 100% of mankind had this bacteria in
 the stomach. Wow. Wow. That's great. Yeah. It's impressive. He deserved it. He deserved the price.
 Okay. Can I just say he also developed this, he did this and he had to try it on a few patients.
 So it wasn't a complete shot in the dark, but he had to do it on himself. I can't remember exactly
 why, but it was after six months of unsuccessfully trying to give piglets, stomach ulcers.
 So maybe he's not a great dude after all. He only did it to the evil piglets.
 And the other thing is that Heliobacter Pylori, which is a bacteria, is kind of useful in the body.
 So it modulates your immune system. And a lot of people think it stops your immune system from being
 too hyper reactive. And perhaps and that this is really going out on a limb. Now that we don't have
 as much of it, you're more likely to get allergies and stuff like that. And IBS. Which is now trying to cure.
 So there is an idea of reintroducing Heliobacter Pylori. If you could somehow make it,
 so it doesn't give you ulcers, then you can put it back in your body if you could kind of genetically
 modify it. So he's now frantically digging up the recipe for that broth. So he's not trying to cure IBS,
 which is possibly caused by the thing he cured. What is cure for IBS going to give us? That's what I
 want to know. He keeps keeping himself in work. But IBS is a real problem, right? That feels a bit
 like stomach ulcers were in that no one really knows what's causing it. And it's very hard to diagnose.
 And the diagnosis is quite invasive usually. And so what he's developed is this belt. And it records
 what he calls the creeks and undulations of the gut and recognizes the sonic signature of IBS,
 which it's so complicated because the gut's so long and so much is happening in it that the human
 ear can't do that. You can't listen to someone's gut and know they've got IBS. But by showing a
 sort of robotic belt, former IBS sufferers and training it to recognize it, you can do that.
 And yeah, he's done that. And as he was inspired, first of all, by his son, who introduced him to the
 idea of these vibrations on the ocean floor. And then a colleague showed him a kind of shopper acoustic
 device that he was using for detecting termites under houses. And he used the design of that for the belt.
 So he's using termites and seismology. Well, listen, seismology has given us quite a lot of
 non-size-mology-based inventions. I think we have a lot to thank seismologists for. So for example,
 there was a guy called... How did I know you had an example? Andy Hilderbrand. He was a research
 scientist in the oil industry. And he developed software for processing the data from reflection
 seismology. So it was a method... I'm reading the sentence out basically from this article. A method
 of estimating properties of Earth's subsurface using reflective seismic waves. So that was his job.
 What he then invented off the back of that technology was auto-tuning for the music industry.
 So when you hear auto-tuning, it is from Andy Hilderbrand, who was a seismologist. That is very cool.
 And also, I can't remember his name, but it was a seismologist whose technology for predicting
 earthquakes was then used for predicting who's going to win the American presidential election.
 Oh, yeah. Nate Silver. Not Nate Silver. It's a guy who's been doing it. He's predicted the last
 like five presidents basically of the United States using this seismology technology.
 Well, it was quite a seismic event. This last election wasn't it, Andy? I feel queasy.
 I guess you could say it was a landslide, which is similar to an earthquake. It wasn't really,
 because he didn't win the popular vote. That's true, yeah. But it wasn't. It's so interesting.
 Paul's not saying anything, but you can see him regretting coming out of his office.
 Not the last two minutes. Let's talk about auto-tuning then. Do you use auto-tuning?
 I would never use auto-tuning. But that massively changed music, didn't it, auto-tuning?
 For the better off, for the worse, that's the question. I don't know exactly what it is.
 Better if you're chair. Well, I've heard of chair. Well, chair used it in an inventive way.
 In brief, right? Yes. Just so, to go now, in beautiful way.
 That's auto-tuning. Why does she need to use that? I just did it with my voice.
 No one thought it was talented as you. I can't be expected to have your kind of range.
 That's fair. But yeah, I think it's now overused. It seems to be in a lot of
 R&B and rap songs, when it doesn't necessarily need to be. Is it a bit rude to accuse someone
 of using auto-tuning? Not these days, but yeah, it would have been. And I heard a few rumours about
 auto-tune. Along the way, Peter Andre, please. Peter is of a higher colour than that.
 Well, you're not. No one could hit those notes in mysterious girls. I heard Gordon Brown uses
 auto-tune. So who were the rumours about? Are you allowed to say on that? Well, no.
 When we were making our first record, there was a few rumours going around.
 I'll produce a poll at the time, said that there's somebody that he'd worked with.
 I won't say in kiss. In kiss, he was perhaps elaborating on some of who he wouldn't expect, is it?
 No, somebody would expect somebody who wasn't very good at singing. Essentially,
 and they went massive producer. Well, this is it. He's now Adele, and, you know, whoever he's
 equal to. This is not just trying to get you to name people, it's working. It's Adele.
 Adele can't really sing. Have you seen a live? It wasn't Adele. It must be obvious when people
 sing live, though, right? But this is the thing when, yeah, there are a few people who are
 pretty ropey live, and in the studio, they are using the electronic help. So is there no way of
 using, see, I really don't know about it, is there no way of slightly tweaking your voice live on stage,
 as in, oh, the will be singing into your phone. No, well, this is it. There will be a way of doing
 it live as well, because it's just an electronic feed going down into a mixer that then comes out of the
 speakers. I've seen those fun toys that you can get, or you can make yourself sound like Darth Vader,
 just by talking into that. Yeah, but you don't get Britney Spears sound, you'd like chew back at the
 video, because they've got another wrong setting. Yeah, that's an order to cock up and it's worries.
 I think that would kickstarter career. I think she's did all right. Britney. Yeah, she's still massive
 in America. She's on X-Factor and stuff. She does Vegas. She does Vegas. That's the thing. That's
 the thing after people lose that sort of, you know, the number ones start becoming number 10s,
 or whatever. It feels like the graveyard's a lot of pop stars. She's just about 400 shows a year.
 But this is it. Yeah, then you success. So it's the graveyard slot critically. People will dismiss
 you then, but obviously you're raking it in and it's true showbiz. Can I just say to the people of
 Vegas, we're ready for that slot? We're ready. So some stuff about digestion. Yes, please. I was reading.
 I do know that 95% of the body's serotonin is produced in the gut. So you know, we think of serotonin
 as the, you know, the hormone that's produced by the brain and it makes us really happy. And if
 you're an antidepressants, it helps you to release it. But 95% is produced in the gut. And as I just,
 I find actually this whole thing amazing because I don't think that medicine as a tool comes to terms
 with how the brain is connected to the rest of the body. You basically have a second brain in your
 gut, don't you? You've got a second brain in your gut. And of course, it's interacting so much
 with how you feel. So you get butterflies in your stomach. That's you feeling nervous because
 you've got this whole nervous system. And it's a completely independent nervous system. So it's
 the enteric nervous system. And they actually found something really recently, which is the vagus
 nerve is the vague main nerve. No way. That was a nerve called the vagus nerve? Yeah, you know,
 it's the vagus nerve. It's got a Britney Spears claim. The heart rate down it. I thought it was
 compromised. I thought it was pronounced vagus. I've heard it both, actually. So I think it's fine both.
 It's the vagus or the vagus nerve. And it's the main nerve that runs from your brain
 to your organs basically carrying all the information there. So we think that we think of stuff in
 our brain and then it's carried through the nerves to our various bits of our body to tell it what to do.
 Scientists found that recently that 90% of the fibers that are in that nerve are actually
 carrying information from the gut back to the brain. And so it's our gut is telling our brain what to do
 in a sense. I mean, this is like an amazing thing that scientists have just realised.
 That's so cool. Messages are being sent. No, I'm not so like because we've been saying that people
 have a gut feeling for things for all all that time, but actually it turns out that that's a really
 vagus. That's what I say. No, don't say a joke that means I'm going to cut this out.
 Just with the journey of how things are digested in the gut, there's a thing that we put in our
 in our latest book, which is a new app that scientists are working on where you can track
 via your app, the creation of a fart inside your body. So it follows the fart from its beginnings
 all the way to the exit. And is that what you call your backside? Hey, nice exit.
 But yeah, so that's an app that's hopefully going to be available. Well, I'd like to have it.
 I'd just like to know when I need to leave a room, but like at the last minute,
 well, it's near the exit. I can hang out here and tell them. And the idea of that is that
 doctors might be able to use it to see what kind of foods cause gas and you know, it's not so
 that you can time watching a film thinking, right, I've got 96 minutes so we can watch these films
 before I do that. Sorry Andy, do you never fart during the movie? Sorry, I can't watch this movie
 because it's a two hours lug and I've got one brewing and I need to, I can't watch this. I can't wait until
 the intermission. Yeah, I think that's the reason. Well, maybe you have an intermission.
 Yeah, you could use it in an alternative fashion if you were like a schoolboy prankster.
 Here's one coming, I'm going to time it for the sort of the apex of this speech in assembly,
 which is what seemed to happen. There seemed to be some people at my school who were extremely
 talented at breaking wind at the right time just to undercut what was going on in the school assembly.
 Andrew Bird, and he had a particular tone as well. You wouldn't name the auto-tuners,
 but you're crossing up Andrew Bird. I've heard that Andrew Bird auto-tunes as far as I'm saying.
 Andrew Bird is unlikely to be at the next festival about to lynch me behind the poor. You're saying
 he won't sue because he's not got music industry muscle behind him. Exactly. If he does come after
 you're so lynching, you'll hear it coming. Do you know something really interesting? So, you know
 endoscopies where you, I guess, it's a way of looking into your insides basically by getting a bit
 chewed down you and getting crumb, or up you. The first endoscopies, who do you think? You have
 to do the excess. The first-ever endoscopy where you have to shove something down through someone's
 mouth to try and look at their insides, who do you think it was tried on? It's not a specific person,
 is it type of person? Oh, someone with a child. Because they have a shorter... Oh, yeah. Right. Is it
 ace? Oh, I think I've worked it out and I know what it is. It's a side swallowing. Yeah. So, yeah,
 this was an 1868 Adolf Kusmal made his patient who was a Swallow, a Swallow, a 47-centimeter chew,
 because obviously they've got those big furits. That's amazing. And it was used a bunch of times in
 the future. The first ECG ever in 1906 was down in the Swallow. They're very used to it. Eventually,
 they realised that maybe we shouldn't put the camera at the end of a Swallow. But they could do some
 surgery while they were in there. We should move on to the final fact. Just very quickly, Barry Marshall,
 what's he doing now? Apart from his belt thing, he's also written a new book, comes out next year.
 It's called How to Win a Nobel Prize. And it's a middle grade adventure about a girl who stumbles
 on a secret meeting of Nobel Prize winners, including Albert Einstein and Mary Curie. And she
 travels through time learning the secrets behind some of the world's most important scientific
 discoveries. That's awesome. That's good, that's nice. Middle grade, do you mean the sort of the school
 years? I actually don't know what that means. I think so instead of like elementary school kids,
 because the way you said it made it sound like it was a reasonable quality, but not great. I haven't
 read it, so I don't know. It's all right, but stick to belts as you main job. That sounds horrible.
 It sounds like it's a way to try and convince kids that you're having fun, but actually you're just
 obviously learning what? I'd skype that. That's a whole job. I try to skype this every week.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that
 one building that burned down in the Great Fire of London was a public toilet that could be used by
 128 people at the same time. Same time. It's just as well. If you're looking at pluses for the
 Great Fire of London, there can't be many, but that might have been one of them. Some people say
 about the Great Fire that it was a plus because they could really build those bits of London,
 don't they? I don't know. I think we don't have enough public toilets in the world and in the UK
 definitely. I think one that could be used by 128 people would be quite a good thing. When you say
 they use it at the same time, it's not like a 3-2-1, everyone unloads. You could do it like that if
 you want, but it's basically it had 128 seats. 64 for men and 64 for women, which is quite progressive
 for the time, which you wouldn't get today, I'm sure. It would empty into the terms. It was on
 cheap side in London. After the fire, it was replaced by another public toilet, which instead of
 having 128 seats had 12. What I want to know is, does that mean that in the old one, everyone was
 really squished together or in the new one did people have loads and loads of space? I think the
 new one also had six flats on top of it. But it was between two rivers, wasn't it? Because they
 needed a lot of water flowing through. Yeah, so it was between some two tributies of the Thames.
 How did the fire burn it down with all that water flowing through? You would have thought that
 would be the perfect barrier. Yes, you would think that, but it wasn't. It was burned down the structure,
 I think, like a lot of things did. It was called Wittington's Longhouse, and it was named after
 Dick Wittington, because it was money that he left after being met that built it. And Dick Wittington,
 this is for people overseas, I hadn't heard of him personally, not coming from here. He's
 Dick Wittington and his cat is a sort of famous story. It's a pantomime that's done a lot in this
 country. So he's a very known character who might not be known for his toilet. Well, most people in
 Britain, I would say, would think that he was a fictional character, because it's light from a
 pantomime and stuff like that. But it turns out that he's real. He was a mayor of London quite a few
 times, and he didn't have a cat to my knowledge. I don't think he had a cat. But he left loads and
 loads of money behind and did all this great stuff about toilets and lots of really things that he
 built. And they think that because of all those great things that he built, that's why he became such a
 hero in London, and that's why all the stories got written about him. Am I right in saying that Dick
 Wittington itself, not being Richard Wittington, is a sort of inspired by character, as opposed to
 it's meant to be literally the mayor. Well, in the story, he is the mayor, isn't he? Yeah, he becomes
 aware of London at the end. I think he gets cold to be mayor, or something like that. He hears a voice say.
 He goes to London to make his fortunes, the streets are paved with gold, and then I think I usually
 fell asleep or insisted on leaving at that point in the pantomime. You miss the bit where it's paved
 with shit from his toilets. I also left the pantomime at that point, but that's only because I could feel
 there was a fart on its way. So the Great Fire of London, I actually had my debunked myth, re-bunked,
 reading about this. Okay, so what's the myth? Is this the one about people dying? Yeah, okay.
 So how many people died in that? I felt like four people died. Yeah, so I think most people think now
 hardly anyone died four or six people died in the Great Fire of London. Actually, there was a
 historian who's written a book on it and done a lot of research on it who says loads of people
 probably died to start. Yeah, but the censuses were very bad, or the public records were very bad,
 parish records, but there's evidence like the number of burials suddenly shot up. So they went up
 by a third in the graveyard that was closest to it, and the average age at death doubled in that month,
 which implies that older people are getting killed more easily, which makes sense if there's a bad
 fire, young people going to scarpe, whereas older people are going to be a bit bugged. And basically,
 we think maybe that's not really really interesting. And lots of first-hand accounts say you talk about
 like bloody bodies and the street and the staff and once it was taken to France, which are probably
 exaggerated, but at the same time, it's plausible that we don't have all the records. Wow. I mean,
 we basically have to re-edit QI now. I heard is this a myth, and sorry for bringing a depressing
 fact to the table, but as opposed to those people who just died. Well, yeah, more people died than
 you think. No, that just feels more, I think, historical, this is a bit more recent. The fire
 monument for the fire of monuments. Oh, the monument. There's a fact, which I don't know if it's
 definitely true, is that they had to put a lot of netting and so forth around it, because more people,
 if we're going for the original stat of four people dying and the more people have died from
 jumping off there that was said to have died in the farmland. That was a stat definitely. Right, but
 now it seems like Anna has re-de-re-re-de-bunked. Have you guys heard of Porcelain Palace? No. This
 is in Chongqing, China, and this is the city Chongqing, and it is the world's largest public toilet
 complex in the world. It's at foreigners street amusement park. That's apparently what it's called.
 And it's designed to look, it's got a sort of ancient Egyptian art theme to the whole thing,
 but it has a thousand toilets and urinals in it, so it is a palace of the toilet. Yeah, it's
 largest in the world currently. Can all a thousand people go at the same time, I guess? I believe so, yeah.
 Yeah. The inventor of the first public toilets, the ones at the Great Exhibition. The first public
 toilets in Britain. Sorry. Yep. That apart from the longhouse, which was also a public toilet. Yeah,
 that's right, yeah. The first modern ones. Yeah, all right. Yeah, him, yeah. He was called George
 Jennings, and he had 15 children. I have a theory that he may have developed the public toilet,
 just so that he could go to the loo somewhere, because the bathroom was always busy, because he had
 15 children. I don't know. It's not a strong theory. If you paid a penny, you got to go to the loo,
 but you also got a towel, a comb, and a shoe shine. No. A shoe shine. Yeah. I don't know if it was all
 while you were sitting on the loo, but you're being having a shoe shine. So you don't get a shoe shine,
 do you? Someone challenge your shoes. Exactly. Yeah. Do you get a comb? I don't think you
 do. Someone just comb your hair. I think you get comb. I think someone comes your hair. That sounds
 like someone comes your hair. Or you get to use the comb, maybe. Maybe there's a communal comb.
 What a disturbing time to spend on the loo with someone towering you down, someone shining
 your shoes and someone combing your hair. You wouldn't be able to go. The first shewie was actually
 invented in 1898, or the first kind of one that I could find. A shewie is, I think women's
 owners use them in festivals. It's kind of like an upside down cone shaped thing that women can
 weave into and use it like a urinal. But also, yeah, so stand up to weave. Yeah. So you can stand up to
 weave like men do. But it was invented in 1898, and it was called the urinet, and it was cheap,
 it was more space efficient, and so a few local councils, especially quite a few in London,
 installed them. But women didn't want to use them, because it was kind of improper. So there was one
 important, but women used to flee and horror when they saw it apparently. Right, writing things.
 I'm sorry, because the modern shewie is something you carry around with you, and you use it like a
 penis, not like a urinal. Yes. These ones. These ones are more of a urinal than a penis. So they
 were installed, and there was a curtain that went around them, and they were much close together.
 Okay, I need to hold my mother's not listening to this. Hang on, is it like a urinal with a very long
 sort of front bottom bit, as it were, and then wow, wow, that doesn't sound hygienic,
 or I think I would run in horror. So I looked up some other buildings that were in London at the time
 of the Great Fire. Oh, yeah. So one of the ones actually, so this is one that survived, but it's
 just an incredible building that was in mid-17th century London. It was called None Search House,
 and it was on London Bridge. So you know, London Bridge used to be lined with shops and buildings,
 which I find incredible. Yeah, so bridge. None Search House was a Renaissance palace, four
 stories high in the middle of the bridge. It was massive. You have to look up pictures of it,
 so good. I'll try and put one up on my Twitter feed, so it just lurched over the tent, the whole
 terms, you know. Sorry, you'll try to put one up on your Twitter feed. This is successfully built a
 four-story house on London Bridge, and you will try it at all possible to rummage one on my Twitter.
 But life's a lot harder now, isn't it?
 Water slab.
 Okay, that is it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get in
 contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on @Streiberland, Andy, @AndreyHunterM, James,
 @JamesHarkin, Paul, @PolSmithMusic, and Chazinsky. You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group count at no such thing. Go to our Facebook page, no such thing
 as a fish or our website. No such thing as a fish.com. We have everything from our previous episodes to
 upcoming four dates to a link to our book, just everything's there. It's all there. It's all there.
 You can go there. And you've got a website, presumably.
 I have @PolSmithMusic.eu. It's got videos and my new record, and you see all my two of
 the... And your new record out now? It is. It's officially out today. That's cool.
 It's called "Diagrams," and yeah, I'll be playing a lot of shows at the end of November,
 so have a look from Glasgow down to London and somewhere in between.
 Amazing. Yeah. We're going to be back again next week with another episode. We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
