 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Little Fish. We've been so happy to get
 a message from you guys to say that you've been enjoying this show and we certainly enjoy
 making it. It's a little bit more loose, a little bit more silly than the normal shows,
 but we really, really love getting your facts so please do keep sending those in.
 The reason I've disturbed the start of your show today is because I want to tell you about
 a quiz that we're doing. It is for Patreon subscribers on the top tier and it will take
 place on the 23rd of January at 7pm UK time, so that'll be sometime in the afternoon
 if you're in North America and it'll be very early in the morning if you're in Australia
 or New Zealand, but hopefully you will still be able to join us. It's going to be a whole
 load of fun. We've got loads of amazing stuff planned for you and if you are not a member
 of Patreon right now, then you have to go to patreon.com/nosuchthingsaffish and join
 our top tier. You could probably just do it for a month and then quit if you just want
 to do the quiz, but honestly there's so much good stuff on our Patreon that I really think
 once you join you will be hooked because we have extra content, we have merch, we have
 video content, there's all sorts of stuff on there. We hope we've made it value for money
 because people going on there help to support the podcast so it is a real good mutual benefit
 thing. Anyway, enough of that. Really hope you enjoyed this episode of Little Fish.
 Hey everyone, welcome to another episode of Little Fish. This is our bonus Monday episode
 where we put down our facts and we go through the inbox and we find your best facts from
 the last seven days. And if you want to send in yours by the way and be part of this
 show podcast at qi.com is the place to do it, but we have had so many entries this week so
 let's get straight to it. Point of order. At what stage does this stop being a bonus episode
 and just become part of our normal day to day, cut to the end. Monday lives. How many weeks
 are we in now? 10. This will be about our 8th or 9th or 10th. So when does a relationship
 stop being new? Oh well, with my relationship in case my wife's listening, I wake up every
 morning and think how much I'm in love with her. Yeah, still a lot of lives every day. Same thing
 for me. I wake up. I think Helena, I really just would do anything to be with you. I'm stuck
 in my situation. I can't see it out yet. Andy. Me three. I'd you the list that podcast
 a queue. I don't know. I think this is our now we're settling into a very happy life as
 this being the other episode, the other weekly episode we do. Yeah, can we do it? Let's
 do it. Let's get into it. Who's got a factor once I open up? Well, I've got one from Peter
 Drake, who has sent us a raunchy math fact. Oh, great. Yes. And Peter says properties
 of mathematical graphs include girth and weiner index, weiner index, weiner index. That's
 funny. And separately, Jess Weyer has written to us and said, my fact this week is that there
 is a mathematical function called the popcorn function of the names include the raindrop
 function, the countable cloud function and the stars over Babylon. So these are just some
 mathematicians making fun names for things. Did you have this when you because you studied
 math, James? Yeah, I was aware of, well, I know about the girth of graph theory. These are
 not graphs like you would see a graph on a news article or something. This is a mathematical
 graph where you get lots of points and you draw lines in between them and it's the connections
 between different things. Is it graphic? If you're measuring your girth on the weiner
 No, no, no, they're extremely boring. The girth is the shortest way you can go between
 two objects where only the first and the last ones are the same. Yeah, it does. It's
 quite boring. And these popcorn functions and the stars over Babylon. So basically, it's
 like the kind of math. So it's like, if this, then that, you know, like how computers work.
 But it's basically you put in some number and it goes through this function and it comes
 out as either a zero or a one and it kind of is like random if it's zero or one. So it pops
 around like popcorn. Oh, nice. But yeah, I do remember some fun names from when I did
 maths at university at the tits group invented by French mathematician Jacques Titz. And if
 you want to work out the tits group, then you first have to find the coxeta complex named
 after Harold coxeta. Wow. His school days. I just think, good Lord. I wonder if he became
 a mathematician. Why? Just you'd spend more time with your books, wouldn't you, working?
 What'd you? Your for vengeance. Oh, this guy's outside of the playground. Well, I'm
 just randomly, you know, his math is so oblique that it can never be used in real life. It's
 not like he worked out the trajectory of a missile that he could fire at his enemies.
 His is like some extremely random bit of group theory. That's brilliant. He's fled his
 own name into the realms of pure mathematics. Yeah. Love it. Love it. Any more facts? Yeah.
 Well, do you know what? I have something in a similar vein. So why don't we jump to
 the one that I got sent in by David Reed? So David Reed, he's an observatory coordination
 support officer at Cicero, C-I-S-I-R-O, Merchison Radiostronomy Observatory. That's in Western
 Australia. So this comes from international land. And he says, I know you have covered
 the occasional clever acronym created by scientists that clunkly describe their experiments.
 Did you know a radio telescope imaging program called P-Y-B-D-S-F pronounced P-B-D-S-F was
 the Python coded blob detector and source finder. Right. But that's not what it does. It's actually
 a blob detector and source measure, but they didn't want to call it P-B-D-S-M. I see. I see
 where we're going. It was given away at the end. The punchline there wasn't it? I had no
 idea where we would go with any of that. As often the punchline does. Not all you'll stand
 up, Dan. Sometimes you'll stick it at the front, won't you? Keep it fresh. Keep it fresh.
 Keep them guessing. So they decided they didn't want it to be called B-D-S-M, so they changed
 the final words. Exactly. Yeah. To make it something that is slightly a redundant acronym.
 I saw someone's personalized number plate the other day, which was, I won't say exactly
 what it was, because you don't want to say people's number plates. But it was something
 like P-I-I-H-L-P. So it was like, when you looked at it and glance at it, it was obviously
 Philip. Yeah. Right. When you actually spent any time looking at it, it was like P-E-L-O-P.
 You do want to sometimes the things that people pay lots for, unless that's P-L-N-A-M. Yeah.
 Which it might be. I think it's fine to read out people's number plates. Yeah. I think it's
 absolutely fine, as long as you're not saying. Well, I did, I did the Kia's car, I said, "Well,
 I passed the car, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it, I got it. So I found a few other
 acronym things that I thought were quite fun. Oh, yeah. Have you heard of RAS syndrome? R-A-S,
 syndrome? No. RAS syndrome is redundant acronym syndrome. Very nice. And this is to describe
 any time that people say PIN number or ATM machine because the end in PIN is. That's really
 fun. Yeah. So that's one. I really like E-GOT. So we all know E-GOT, right? Which is M-E-Grammy,
 Oscar and Tony. The idea is you become the ultimate actor if you win an E-GOT. That was created
 by an actor called Philip Michael Thomas. He used to walk around with a golden medallion around
 his chest saying, "E-GOT massively." What could he go on? No, it's his plan. He was like, I want to win
 all of these things. Oh, yeah. Anyway, he's now retired and he was never even nominated for a single one
 of these things. But he was a good actor. He did a lot of stuff, so he had a great career. I always thought
 it was the E-GOT because you had all those that you said and also the chartle award. Is the real one
 that everyone goes for? Obviously, we've got one-fifth of a E-GOT. Yes. Unless not say which fifth.
 Or Andy, what have you got? Oh, I've got some really fun ones. Do you remember we had a bit of
 correspondence on "Dropers Align", which is our audience feedback show, from the House of Lords. I do remember
 that. Well, I just thought I'd say Lord Borwick also sent in a fact as well as a bit of bonus info.
 So same Lord, we haven't yet cracked more than one member. Your Highness. Thank you for writing in.
 Your Grace. Your Excellence. Right, here's a quiz question. Okay. How many times does the letter
 X appear on the face of Big Ben? And for the purposes of this, Big Ben is the clock.
 I can't get into Stephen's Tower, the Elizabeth Tower, blah, blah, blah. Okay. The clock.
 Turn 11, 12, three. Oh, but there are four faces. 12. Very nice. Okay, so you said 12, Dan.
 I think an aerial view of the Big Ben itself will have an X. That's the one on top. It's how you
 signal the X files. It's okay. So James, when I was a kid, I put an X on my window in my bedroom
 to signal that I was to lure Julian Allison. It was worth a try. It wasn't spotted in Bolton once again.
 Oh, my God. Was David be coffee every day? Are you sure you're still that interested?
 I'm like, no, I've, I've holding out for Anderson. Oh, you did the X. That's so cool.
 That's very cool. What was that? Just to, is that what people do? No, I think it was in the show
 that you put an X there and it showed that you knew the truth was out there. It was a thing. Yeah,
 I can't remember the exact meaning of it, but that was a thing that you do. Aliens would know
 not to touch you. Never seen an episode of it. Andy. It's great. Honestly, I would go to the start,
 watch them all. Yeah. Really? Yeah. You'll love them. That I mean, they're brilliant. I assume that
 they have an age badly. No, they're great. I watch them all. Not all, but I watched series one
 quite recently. Did you? Yeah. In between few weeks of. Now you see me. Now you see me.
 Great. Brilliant. Okay. So what's the, did we get the question? We did.
 Did we get the answer? Well, you haven't had you submitted your guess yet. Why is it James' 12 plus,
 so 13? Just saying 13. Yeah. It's zero. What? Because the designer, Pugin, Augustus Wellby Northmore Pugin,
 he designed all of their parliament building. Didn't he, Pugin? A lot of it. Yeah. Crazy name,
 crazy guy. He, he did actually die of insanity. Anyway, I might have been mercury poisoning,
 might have been syphilis. Anyway, he decided he didn't want an X. He wanted an F.
 No. No. It's F. It's so weird. If you look at it, it goes one F for nine.
 I've got nine. Yes. Then F, then F one, and then F one I, I for 12. It's just F. I don't know.
 Is it because of the mercury poisoning, maybe? It's possible. It's very possible. He was a really
 interesting guy. Also had a link to Ramsgate, which we discussed on an episode that we have recorded,
 but it's not yet been broadcast. So this is a call forward to a really fun episode coming up.
 And what is it? What's the link? He lived there. Oh, fantastic.
 He lived there, but he dressed as a sailor, and he would frequently take his boat out to rescue
 sailors in difficulties. Wow. I mean, a really peculiar, a really peculiar guy. Imagine how excited
 the audience is now for the Ramsgate episode. Oh my gosh. Facts like that. We didn't even put that
 in the show. Can I tell you one more factor found in about the Big Ben thing as a result of this?
 It's last year a company won a special prize in Elevator World's Project of the Year Awards
 for the lifts in the Big Ben Tower, okay? Can you guess which company it was?
 Schindler. Schindler. Wasn't Schindler. They do do lifts.
 Otis. No. What's another? They're the only two right now. I mean, in fairness, I think we did
 quite well to think of two names of lift manufacturers. Is it going to be something like Churchill,
 like something that's very relevant? Wellington. What's a lift? No, it's not that. It's a lift
 company, but it's not a traditional lift company. What's another kind of lift? It doesn't go up
 and down straight. It goes up the side of the lift, huh? It's not a finicular. It's on your,
 if I say this, you'll get it. It's on your stairs. Yeah. Stana. Stana. Good day. Stana did the lifts
 in the Big Ben Tower. Really? Really? They won a special prize from Elevator World for it.
 House business, up and down. There we go. Very nice. That's the fact I found. That's a great fact.
 That is really good. Thank you. Anyway, look forward to that Ram's Gate episode in about a month's time.
 This one has been sent into us by Peter Monroe. It says, "A new species of terrasaur has been discovered
 in a pile of fossilized vomit." It was pretty amazing, so this is over 100 million years ago. You're
 saying someone threw up a whole dinosaur? Yeah, I think someone, someone, I mean, a big dinosaur.
 The suggestion is that it might have been a spinosaurus. They don't know for sure, but you have to,
 I guess, scale up for size. Scale for you. They vomited. When they vomited, they vomited up two
 terrasors and somehow that vomit fossilized and these geologists were looking through the fossil
 when they suddenly spotted the bones and it's a new species altogether of a terrasaur.
 So that's pretty exciting stuff. This is called, by the way, when you go through vomit,
 it's called a regurgertelite. That's what a... I like a coprolite. A coprolite, but it's a regurgertelite.
 That's good. Yeah. You guys had quite a heavy QI Christmas party this week. How do you think?
 Well, I wasn't there. I wasn't invited, but couldn't make it. We left some fossils around.
 Fossils to be. Here's hoping. Did you know? A new type of canopy was discovered.
 I've got a fact. Oh yeah. From Marcus Dallion, or Dallion, I hope I'm saying that right, Marcus,
 the modern, Celsius scale of temperature is based on the melting and freezing point of water.
 That's not the fact. That's not the fact. But that's not even good enough to get into our Ramsgate
 episode. But previous proposals included some of the following as fixed points. The melting point
 of butter, like that's boiling, whatever. Water hottest to be endured by a handheld still,
 like just what's the hottest water you can take in your hand. And then the temperature at the center
 of the Great Pyramid of Giza. And basically, the guy who proposed this Great Pyramid of Giza thing
 was this insane astronomer royal for Scotland called Charles Piazzi Smive. He was obsessed with
 the Great Pyramid basically. And I'm obsessed with the pyramid. I thought these have to be what we
 measure everything based off. So he suggested the pyramid inch pyramid pint pyramid gallon.
 He said all of these come from the sacred pyramid. And they were all basically, let's say a pyramid
 inch could be one one thousandth of the length of a pyramid. Basically, yes. He claimed they were all
 core metrological qualities. I don't mind that though. I think like as long as you choose something
 and stick with it. And was the was the heat measured by because it was deep in the center by the
 Atlantean crystals. That's right. Had been left there. Yeah. Yeah. Interesting. I'm preaching to the
 choir here. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Actually, that's good to know. I didn't know how all those were.
 It's an ancient computer system that they left buried there for us. I genuinely gave a speech
 about that school when I was about 16 years old. The trial was farther to the man. Yeah. Amazing.
 And I got good marks. It was a starting school. Oh, yeah. Okay. James, you got another.
 This one is from Robbie. No surname here, but Robbie writes about German chocolate cake and
 regular listness to little fish will know that I mentioned this on a previous episode. But Robbie
 sent this email before he'd heard that. Yeah. Or she actually, Robbie could be a girl. It's got to be
 Robbie Williams. Sorry. It's not spelled. Robbie Williams is IE, isn't it? Robbie is IE.
 Yeah. This is Robbie with a Y. He's trying to mask it. Yeah. It's Robbie Williams.
 Well, I must say, I didn't really care much for your performance at the World Cup draw.
 But I do like your fact. And it is as well as German chocolate cake, not being German,
 being named after someone called German. It's made out of Baker's chocolate. And Baker's
 chocolate was named after the company founder, Dr. James Baker. Oh, it was brilliant. Brilliant.
 Isn't that amazing? How far did this go? That's so good. And yeah, I decided to look into this
 a little bit more. So German chocolate cake, it was quite early that they, this mistake was made
 that they thought it was German. So it was invented in 1957. And in 1963, Lyndon B. Johnson
 served it to the German Chancellor Ludwig Erhardt, thinking that it was a German dessert,
 brilliant. Even though it was named after an American called German. That's really good.
 So yeah. Imagine that. That's really good. Well, can I jump on this with Ben Wright has written in.
 So this is another correspondent of ours with a great fact. So Ben has said, this is rather thin
 stuff, but it's so nice when someone acknowledges. He knows how standard he knows the
 loop and made it to the show Ben. But Italian nationalist, Garibaldi of biscuit fame was born
 in Nice, which is Nice Biscuits as well or Nice Biscuits. Nice in France. So of biscuit fame.
 Interesting. And he defeated the ball bonds of biscuit fame as well. That's very good.
 I thought he was Italian Garibaldi and Nice is in France, but I guess the borders were a little
 bit different in those years. He was Italian. He's the hero of Italian education for sure.
 But he was born in France. That's weird. No. That is weird. That feels like it needs a Google.
 I think Nice Biscuits are named after Nice the town. Some royal had been there or something.
 Maybe Queen Victoria or something had been there and it was very fashionable. It became very
 fashionable so they named the biscuits after them. Because everyone thinks they're Nice Biscuits.
 Well, they are Nice Biscuits. Do you think so? I think they're quite boring.
 Well, speaking of biscuits, boring people. I was given an amusingly shaped biscuit today.
 Oh, are you? Oh my God. What was it? No, no, no, guys. Like, there's some bits of going behind
 the curtain of faith that people are really going to like. I'm going to find really interesting.
 But this unbelievably tedious conversation that you two had before the bites came on. I think
 should stay there. Okay, let's, yeah, let's preserve the magic. Yeah. The mystique of this show.
 All we can say is it revolves around the biscuits, a railway station and a mutt. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I actually, I decided I would see if I could build on this great discovery by Ben about
 Garibaldi to see if there are any other biscuit connections to Garibaldi. So he was known for
 leading military campaigns. What did he bring with them? Wagon's. How do they roll?
 Wagon wheels. Wagon wheels. Really good. Surrounded by wagon wheels.
 Would he use a wagon in 1850s Europe? Maybe. It's more of a car. The tank hadn't been invented yet.
 Tank. No, that's true. All right. I googled it. Brilliant. I'll check. He definitely had some wagons.
 Okay. He died in 1882. Oh, yeah. Guys, 1882. What's that? That was the year that AF Brockhofen
 co-biscuits were established in Australia. It's 1882. Oh, sorry. Oh, Brockhofen, yeah. It is
 confusing. Yeah. This was a call. Brockhofen just for the international listener. Yeah.
 Who's not from Australia? Well, they don't really exist anymore, I don't think. But they
 did merge with Arnott's biscuits down the line, which is Australia's digestives. You know,
 it's a massive biscuit over there. Oh, okay. So any Aussie listening will know Arnott's.
 So that's a lot. Oh, and then one more. Which is that? No, the first two were so strong. Can you
 really cap those? No, this is the headlighter, I think. Sorry, yeah. Well, I discovered that he was a
 redhead. He would have been running around with the pair of ginger nuts. Wow. Ben, Ben writes.
 Thank you for that email, which sparked this. Ben is now wishing he hadn't even done his laptop
 that day. Well, listen, those are your facts, everyone. But now it's time for us to do something
 very exciting, which we love to do at the end of each little fish episode, which is to allocate
 some custodians to one of the facts, one of the headlines from our 600-plus episodes that we
 have done that will belong to you forever. And you get this by being part of our friend of the
 podcast here on Clubfish, which is your point on Patreon if you want to check it out. So let's
 dish out a batch of new headlines. So James, yeah, this fact is now under the custodians ship
 of Spoonie. I don't know if that's Spoonie, the Radio One DJ from the early 2000s or a different Spoonie.
 But Spoonie, you now own this fact. It is that the Aztecs warn necklaces made of popcorn,
 warners and offering to the gods. Lovely. Now, I hope you two were listening before because my
 question to you is, how would you describe the mathematical popcorn function? It's literally
 just 10 minutes ago. Just going up and down, up and down in a, and Andy, you do that in the next bit.
 So it goes all over the place, the results are a bit haywire. Okay, disappointingly, you both
 more or less know that. So well done, you too. Do you remember anything about the Aztecs?
 Great girth. Another mathematical. No, no, I'm just asking about the time that we mentioned them in
 episode 15 of the podcast. Oh, the Aztecs were more recent than we think they were. Oxford University
 overlaps with the Aztecs. Do you know what I mean? Well, yeah, the Aztecs were there when
 Columbus went off. Oh, okay, okay. So, yeah, they were around in the 15th century.
 Okay, sure. Yeah, probably a 16th as well. That's all I remember. Yeah, I can't. Have you got a good
 Aztec fact outside of this brilliant headline? Sweet or sweet or salty popcorn? I know that
 a Montezuma supposedly drank 50 cups of hot chocolate at a single meal. Wow, nice. But it was
 that account was written by a noted conquistador liar called Diaz. When you look at everything else,
 he wrote is like, yeah, this probably didn't happen. So was that trying to slank off Montezuma?
 No, it wasn't really because I think the Spanish were quite impressed by him, but it was basically
 had so many lovers that he needed the hot chocolate to to keep him going. But I think usually a hot
 chocolate goes before bedtime, not sexy times, but sleepy times. And that would be the hell of a
 regurgitalite waiting to happen, isn't it? There's probably fossilized hot chocolate. Yeah, his one,
 his one. This goes out to Lizzie Uting. Congratulations to you. This is the fact that in 2011,
 China tried to pass off a scene from top gun as footage of its own air force. Right. They just,
 I think there was some national security display or something and they were saying, look at our amazing
 jets and they cut the like- Was it crews in a way? Was it the scene of top gun weather roll in a
 bar singing Take My Breath Away? It was some hot, hot, hot beach volleyball. Look at our super
 stud airman. Yeah, yeah. So that's what they did. I doubt they would need to do that these days.
 I think that's a function of 2011 versus 2025. Oh, yeah, probably the US Air Force is using footage from
 Asia too. Yeah, I love that fact. That's very cool. That's an anotoshinsky that you've got there. Lizzie,
 so well done to that. Okay, let's do another one. This is going out to Steph. Steph, this is the fact
 that in 2003, someone lost the keys to the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory and the replacement
 locks cost over one million pounds. Oh, an awful vibance. I don't remember that one. I have to say. Imagine
 saying, I'll buy the new keys. It's fine. I'll get the new lock. The guy who made those keys
 would not have to make another pair of shoe sols or trophy ever again. Yeah. It's a million for
 the keys and it's 50p for the key ring. That was my fact, by the way. So congrats to Steph. Okay, so
 the next fact comes from us. But it now is under the custodianship of Helen. And Helen, your fact
 is probably the most feminist facts to date. And it was from Andy in episode 15 and it was that
 Ken is officially an accessory to Barbie. Right on, sister. There you go. We've all felt like that.
 Barb is giving us so much over the years, hasn't it? When you think about how many times it has come up.
 Yeah. She has got the brand. The brand. The brand. Okay. Well, we feminized brands in this podcast.
 Like ships and countries. But it has, hasn't it? In fact, it was mentioned just recently on a little fish
 or a jewel. No, it was in the episode. It doesn't go out until the middle of January with Tom Allen.
 So let's hold it in. The timelines have gone but none is on this. Yeah. Yeah. Really good.
 All right. Let's do another fact now. This is from episode 16. This is a James Harken fact.
 This is a classic fact and it's going to Oliver Castles, which is the world record for most kicks
 to one's own head is 127 in a minute. Yeah. That was, we mentioned, I believe it was on the last
 episode that we did our first ever photo shoot where we each put a fact down on a placard and we held
 it for the camera and that was yours in that one. And these was it's sausage to me. That's right.
 That's right. Yeah. And if you are so inclined go on to the internet and search for kicking
 own head world record and it is remarkable. Is it both feet? Yeah. I guess it's even more
 impressive because it impresses me the way. It's like doing the can cam but you go too far.
 Bloody hell. Is he sitting down or she? It's a he and I think he is sitting down. Because you
 have to get your head right now. I couldn't do it once. I'm not flexible enough. No.
 And this is 11 years ago is no one beat the record. They have but they've forgotten.
 Well, you have to do an even number of times. Yeah, Fancy putting me on the spotlight.
 That does it if I know every world record when it gets changed. Okay. Well done. Oliver. That is
 now your fact. Let's get another one. Andy. Yes, here's a little one. Quick brackets. We had an
 email from Arge Geese. Yeah. Just saying that last time Arge was absolutely blown away to get a fact
 which was one of Dr Karl's facts on the show. It's like correction says Arge. "Damn mispronounced my name."
 You read it as a series of letters. "ARJG". And it's actually Arge Geese. Just wanted to correct
 that. But by the way, if in future damn mispronounces your name. Do write it but we may not be able to
 fit in all of Dan's mispronunciations. It's just that's a hard, that's a high bar to clear.
 Just hold it as a as a badge of respect. Absolutely. Yeah. Exactly. I mean, to be fair, the G was
 connected to the ARJ in our document. Therefore, I thought it was an internet nickname. Dan, it's not
 your fault. We've all got cool names online. Like your cool guy, one, two, three. Don't give away my
 secret super cool online identity, guys. So here's the fact going out to Tori. And this is T-O-R-E-Y
 Tori. And the fact is there's a bear in the Pyrenees called Pyros who is facing castration because
 he's fathered almost all other bears. Yes. So basically this is an anti-insessed bear castration
 move because Pyros was clearly getting too frisky with his own children bears. It's not a nice
 fact, Tori. I'm going to level with you. It's a market. But look, this is what you have to do. It's
 nature. It's nature. This, by the way, is an Ann Miller fact. Ann's been on the show recently.
 If you're a listener of the main show, I assume you are. I haven't just come for the bonus.
 Ann has been with us for many, many years. One of the QILs been on the show probably as much as
 as any other person guest we've ever had. This is her debut onto the show. That's cool fact to have.
 It was written up at the time with one headline saying, "Bare might have necessities removed."
 It's a very good headline. Very strong. That's nice. James, it's good to you.
 Okay. This is another one from that same episode, and it's from Dan Schreiber. Actually,
 you don't need me to tell you that because it will be come very obvious when I read it.
 Poland's only official ghost hunter thinks ghosts have given up haunting humans because we're too
 skeptical. Now, Finley, Tyson, Carter, that is your fact. Yes. Use the word fact very loosely.
 Now, you know who told me this fact, James Harkin. You did. In that case, it's a great fact.
 I begged you to let me do it. I got in contact with the Polish ghost hunter.
 We had a few emails together. As the emails went on, he kept changing my name to something
 just more familiar. It was like Daniel first, and then he was like, "Hi, Danny."
 We do. This is going out to Beverly Hart. Fallout from the Cold War has been used to solve murders.
 Interesting. We don't remember how. Yeah, I wonder how. It was because there was nuclear testing
 in the Cold War. That caused a big spike in carbon-14. I think everyone had it in them,
 and then eventually they banned weapons testing. Then it declined again to the amount of carbon-14.
 Around the place. So it's basically carbon dating. It's basically just how when this murder happened.
 All right. Well, there we go. Hope you are happy with your facts. Once again, Spoony, Lizzy,
 Steph, Helene, Oliver, Tori, Finley, Beverly. You are now the new custodians of eight of our early
 show facts, episodes 15 and 16. Thank you for being a friend of the podcast. If anyone else wants to
 become a custodian, you can be one too simply by going to Club Fish, joining the friend of the podcast,
 and we will assign one to you, and we're going to be reading these out at the end of every little fish.
 So it might take a while before you hear it, but you will get one. You can become part of Club Fish
 by going to patreon.com/nosuchthingasoffish. Check it out. There's so many goodies as part of the club.
 And again, if you want to join the first half of this show, which is us reading out your
 correspondence podcast@qy.com and he reads all of the facts. So do send them in. We love getting them,
 and we will be back again next week with another little fish. So we will see you all then,
 and then we'll see you on Friday from the main episode. Until then, goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
