 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and
 Anna Chazinski, and once again we've gathered around the microphone only this time, we've
 got a big announcement to make right at the top of this show. We are releasing our first
 ever book. I forgot to mention that to you, actually.
 One of the last to know everything in this episode.
 You're not involved.
 So yeah, No Such Thing as a Fish, we're releasing a book, we've signed a deal, and the book
 is being released in November. If you're hearing these words, you can pre-order it now.
 Go to Amazon and click the button, it's a book that click the button, it's a Amazon.com
 and click the button. It's on the front page.
 It's on the front page.
 It's on the middle of the page saying, "By the fish book now."
 I think what you want to do is go to qi.com/shop, and we're going to have a link there that
 you click on, which will take you to the page where you can pre-order the book. And it's
 going to be called the book of the year, and it's going to be about the year that's happening
 right now, and it's by us, go to Amazon, or go to qi.com/shop, and you'll be able to pre-order
 it.
 Yeah, and it's going to be packed with all the most interesting stories that we found from
 2017. This is one that I want to get into the book. Mafia members in Sicily have been banned
 from becoming godfathers. So this is an archbishop who has said that at baptisms, if you are involved
 in the mafia, you are now not allowed to become a godfather.
 This is one that I've got, when they voted for the UK general election, there was only 13
 MPs that didn't vote for it, and one of them did it because it was going to interfere with
 his honeymoon.
 Okay, this is one that I'd like to get in. This is something that's been revealed in the
 last couple of weeks, and it's that a Norwegian slow TV show that follows my grating reindeer
 has had to be suspended after the reindeer stopped moving all together.
 I've got the fact that I'd like to get into the book, which is that Jeremy Corbyn has
 won seven elections for Parliamentary Beard of the Year.
 Wow.
 Really?
 Yeah, and it's practically unparalleled in modern history.
 Is he the current reigning champ?
 He's the current Labour leader. Yeah, it's depending on when you're listening to this.
 Is that what he spends all his time campaigning for then?
 Yes, he's supposed all the actual beard of the year, quite a long time ago, I think.
 Yeah, as opposed to the niche Parliamentary beard of the year.
 Yeah, I think that's like qualifying round time.
 I think I'll make the regionals.
 Yeah.
 He made global beard of the year.
 Oh, I think it's British beard.
 It's British beard.
 A British beard of the year.
 I can't.
 He is the reigning champion, yes, and he won, I think, with 64% of the vote last year, which
 is slightly more than he won that year's leadership contest with.
 When is the next championship?
 It'll be this year.
 In time for our book, I think it will be in time for the book, so we'll be able to announce
 whether he's won it a record seven time.
 That's hope so, because if we had a book of news of 2017, we weren't able to get in the
 results of beard of the year.
 It would just be a joke.
 Sorry, I think it'd be Parliamentary beard of the year.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, so that's it.
 The book's going to be just packed with all that sort of stuff.
 And we thought we would spend this episode not telling you our most interesting fact
 that we've learned over the last seven days, strictly from all of history, but we would
 pick something that we want to go into this book and pitch it to each other.
 So that's what we're going to do, starting with you, Andy.
 My fact that I would like to get into the book is that ideas proposed for the U.S. border
 wall include a trench full of nuclear waste, a one-way mirror, and three million hammocks
 next to each other.
 What?
 Three million hammocks?
 Yeah.
 It's so much a serious proposal, but-- No, because you could just go under them.
 Or over them, depending on how high up the tree they're tied.
 Ah, so they're going to be trees along this border.
 I think it's not a fixed proposal, yeah.
 I think you could plant the trees.
 You'd have to have something to attack the hammocks, too.
 Yeah.
 It's the idea that you get to a hammock.
 It looks so comfortable.
 You lie down, happen that, and you never make it across.
 I think that's the idea, yeah.
 There is an artist whose name is Jennifer Meridian, whose proposed that one she's proposed
 also a wall of pipe organs and a wall of lighthouses, thousands and thousands of lighthouses.
 So this was a big push, wasn't it, for proposals to be sent in?
 Yeah.
 So they had a little five-day window where you could submit your proposals, and then they're
 going to pick around 20 finalists in about a month or so, and they're going to build prototypes
 of their sections of the wall.
 How are they going to build a prototype of the nuclear waste one?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just a little bit of depleted Uranium.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 The Mero is a very interesting idea.
 Incredible idea.
 You can see Mexico from the USA, but they can't see you.
 Yeah.
 What's the point in that?
 I have no idea.
 You could still see someone approaching if they were going to try and climb the mirror.
 And you don't know if you're approaching for the Mexican side.
 You don't know if anyone is watching that.
 If you're watching that.
 What's this?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I thought it was just that the Mexicans go to war and go, "Oh no, it's just exactly like
 here, we might as well say."
 [LAUGHTER]
 There are loads of proposals.
 One of them has a monorail going all the way along the top.
 Oh, yeah.
 Like a hyperloop, they're calling it, right?
 Yeah, but it's a monorail.
 Is it a monorail?
 Yeah, okay.
 What's the difference between those two things?
 Oh, one sounds super futuristic, and the other sounds like monorail.
 Yeah.
 We've all seen that episode of The Simpsons.
 I read the rules for the proposals, the idea of what the wall needs to withstand.
 It's, "Nesawidstand attacks from," here's the quote, "Sledgehammer, Carjack, Pickaxe, Chisel,
 Battery Operated Impact Tools, any kind of handheld tools, and not only does it have
 to sort of deal with the impacts, but it should be able to deal with it for up to four hours."
 So specifically--
 Four hours.
 So it's four hours of a sledgehammer.
 Meanwhile, there's some luck next to you who are the chisel, right?
 That's it.
 It's like, "Why do you need to specify the chisel when you've also got the car jacker smashing
 into it?"
 The four hours.
 We've made it.
 We've made it car jackproof, but there's a chisel weakness of what we're going to do.
 It's like the Death Star.
 There's going to be a chisel one.
 [LAUGHTER]
 A little weak spot.
 So it's a very stupid idea, obviously.
 Yeah.
 And they want it ideally to be 30-foot tall, and so all the proposals had-- so it's a 30-foot
 tall mirror.
 It's quite cool.
 Wow.
 He's become more flexible on the 30-foot thing.
 Yes.
 I think he's gone.
 He said anything over 18 feet, might be okay.
 18 feet.
 Yeah.
 One of the problems is that they obviously need to build the wall on their side of the land,
 on the American side of the land.
 But there's a lot of American landowners who have houses and property that go on the
 other side of these rivers and bits of land, generally.
 So to build the wall, he's actually going to be sealing out a lot of Americans, and they're
 going to be stuck in Mexico unless they sell their land.
 So he's trying to buy the land back from them for the government.
 He knows there's going to be problems.
 So he's planning to effectively go into legal war with a lot of Americans over there.
 So in 2006, they started building a lot of walls at various points, and there were
 442 lawsuits that were reviewed by CNN from the time, and 93 of them are still open.
 Wow.
 And that was for a much shorter wall.
 Was that because also in 2006, I think George Bush approved a virtual wall.
 I think we've talked about the idea of virtual wall before, but he worked on that.
 The project was shelved in 2011, and it cost a billion dollars.
 Sorry, is that a billion real dollars or a billion virtual dollars?
 It's sadly, I think it's real dollars.
 But the thing about the virtual wall was that it worked by a system of censors that was
 supposed to be able to tell where migrants were crossing the border, but apparently it
 was really ineffective in windy conditions, in mistook trees and plants for people.
 It was constantly thinking that animals crossing the border represent a suspicious
 activity.
 Right.
 One person has proposed leaving a four-inch gap at the bottom of the wall, so that little
 animals can cross.
 One problem is that there are 111 species, which cross the area currently proposed for the
 wall, and so lots of them will struggle to mate and breed and live a full, fulfilling
 life.
 I wonder if all the animals will then evolve to be four-inch as tall, like tidy buffaloes
 going over the range.
 I've got an idea.
 What about this?
 You kind of make a very slight incline from about two miles out, and it just gets more and
 more incline, incline, incline, incline.
 And then on the Mexican side, it's a sheer drop.
 Do you know what I mean?
 Like a cliff.
 So from the American side, it just looks like a normal bit of like a har-har in an English
 country garden.
 Exactly like that.
 Well, that's a bit like the apparent border between North and South Korea, right?
 Really?
 So about North Korea claims there's a wall dividing it from South Korea, and that the
 US and South Korea built this wall a few decades ago during the Cold War.
 And they say on their side, it's got like little crenellations where guns are, and it's got
 checkpoints along it, and it's this big wall.
 And then it says on the other side, on the South Korea side, it's just covered in turf
 and grass.
 And so nobody knows that it's there from the other side.
 And the US and South Korea totally deny that they ever built this wall.
 But there's evidence, someone did a documentary, I think, where they claim to be showing pictures.
 So we've got no idea if North Korea is divided from South Korea by a wall.
 I saw a photo of, because there are doors on the border where the North Koreans and South
 Koreans have police, and they open up to either let people in.
 And when they open up the door, if it's a police officer opening the door on the South Korean
 side, the rule is, is that another South Korean officer has to be holding onto them, because
 they might be pulled through by the North Koreans.
 There's photos you can see online where they're like holding like by the arm, another South
 Korean police officer opening a door.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 That's so funny.
 Do you know the first ever demarcation between America and Mexico when they first decided to
 do it?
 They just drew a line.
 Really?
 Yeah, drew it.
 Just drew a line on the floor.
 What?
 Really?
 It's a pretty one.
 You know, like in old sitcoms where you would draw a line around half of the house and
 you'd draw a lot on your side and you'd draw that on the floor.
 What was the marker pen?
 I don't know what it was with.
 I guess it was just a line on the sand.
 It's probably right.
 It's a bit sandy.
 Yeah.
 Well, that's true.
 Well, you can't paint sand.
 You can't paint sand.
 You can't paint sand.
 Well, you can move the line.
 You can move the line.
 It's just quite handy.
 Our country looks a bit smaller today.
 And then they just started making fences.
 And the reason they made fences is because they didn't want Mexican animals to go into
 American territory because they had like diseases and stuff like that.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So it wasn't for people.
 And when they made it for people even, it wasn't stop Mexicans from coming in.
 It was to stop Chinese immigrants from coming in.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So was that like start of the 20th century or something?
 It was during the Depression, I think.
 So yeah.
 Right, yeah, OK.
 So last week, Congress approved spending for replacing existing fencing.
 Different building, a new wall, there's a strong argument that this is never going to happen.
 So they approved spending to replace existing fencing along 20 miles, which is 1% of the
 border, and to add gates to existing barriers, apparently.
 So it'll be, I think, slightly more porous the border than before because it'll have gates.
 But anyway, Sean Spicer got into a matter of row at the press because he was saying, look
 at this great wall, and everyone said, hang on, that stuff was a fence when you described
 it in January.
 It's literally exactly the same structure you were calling it a fence.
 And he said, no, it's a wall, it's definitely a wall.
 He got really touchy about it.
 That's clever, though.
 It probably cost a lot less to just have a chat with the OED and bribe them to change the
 definition of the wall.
 A wall to a line of paint in the sand.
 But if you just do like they did with their north and south career thing and just say there's
 a wall there, when there isn't a wall there, I don't think that's beyond Trump's.
 You're right.
 He can do it.
 He can do it.
 Yeah.
 All he has to do is say, hey guys, we did it.
 We made a wall.
 And everyone goes, there's no wall here.
 He's like, yeah, there is.
 Yeah.
 What do you want about it?
 You're a wall.
 There was a design that someone came up with in 2009.
 So well before Trump was even thinking about being a candidate, which was a barrier, which
 is lined with burrito carts.
 So it's a proper wall and barrier, but along the ground, like those desks you have to meet
 people in prisons to visit them so you can have a bit of conversation with them.
 Yeah.
 So there's a barrier there, which is permeable, you can see through it and you can pass things
 through it.
 Burritos.
 And you can pass burritos through.
 And he said, who's passing to who?
 I imagine you're selling burritos.
 Probably the burrito seller to the burrito buyer.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 But it can go both ways.
 Yeah, because money could go the other direction.
 Exactly.
 Or if you wanted to sell hot dogs in the other direction, you could do that.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 It's called Ronald Rail, and he said the burrito wall accommodates for a food cart to be inserted
 into the wall.
 Seating is built into the wall and food, conversation or a buy national game of footsie can occur across
 the border.
 Wait a minute.
 So you can play footsie.
 So maybe that's that four-inch gap, you can.
 Yeah.
 But you know, there is like, there is an existing wall in various parts, of course.
 Yeah.
 And over there, they sometimes play volleyball.
 No.
 Historically, they have, yeah. And they'll sometimes have poetry competitions like rap battles.
 Wow.
 But volleyball, you wouldn't be able to see which way the bull was going until it was on
 your side of the wall.
 That's why the Americans won a one-way mirror.
 That's the winner of volleyball.
 Not really.
 It hasn't touched the ground all the way here.
 Okay, it is time to move on to fact number two and that is James.
 Okay.
 I think we might have some North Korean stuff in this book, in this book of 2017, very much
 in the news.
 And so here's my North Korea fact.
 North Korea's national airline, Koreo, owns 10 times more taxis than it owns aeroplanes.
 Taxis?
 Yeah.
 They only have 15 aeroplanes.
 And I found that they've recently branched out into taxis.
 And I found that they have about 150 taxis.
 And what we think might have happened is there's a lot of sanctions, obviously, against North
 Korea.
 So they're not allowed to fly to as many places as they used to be.
 So they need to find other ways to make money and one of the ways they're doing it is branching
 out into things like soda and cigarettes and, in this case, taxis.
 And this is quite a famous airline, isn't it?
 Because they're famously rated one star, they're the only one star airline in the world.
 Yeah.
 But not for danger, for quality of service, which is important to emphasize.
 I think there's only been one fatal accident on Air Koreo and that was 1983.
 That was a car crash.
 That was at a time when the airline was called KAC, so CWAK, I suspect that's how you pronounce
 it.
 But yeah, it's perfectly safe.
 The service is very bad.
 Do they have a drag people off planes who've got a perfectly legal ticket?
 But the Inflight Entertainment sounds like fun.
 Oh yeah.
 You get patriotic songs sung by the band Moran Bong.
 And I looked into Moran Bong a bit more, and he actually put them together, Kim Jong-un.
 Did he like the Simon Cowell of North Korea?
 Yes.
 No, he put them together, and they are 20 members, and they're all young women, and they're
 all quite senior military ranks as well.
 So sometimes they perform in uniform, and sometimes they perform in mini skirts and
 high heels.
 Well, multi-talented.
 Yeah.
 You don't want to get the wrong costume when you're going to wild, are you?
 Although there was that military march in North Korea a couple of years ago, which showed
 the female soldiers marching, and they were all wearing really high heels.
 Do you remember?
 Oh yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 You've got to appreciate, because it's quite hard to walk in high heels, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 If you can march in them, then they're good soldiers.
 I think that's quite a good policy.
 You're right.
 Because if you can do well in high heels, then you're definitely going to do okay in your
 tragedy.
 But they've got songs, sorry, to be obsessed with Moran Bong, but the tracks they say include.
 Let's support our supreme commander with arms.
 We think of the martial day and night, the martialist Kim Jong-un.
 They also play the theme from Rocky, and my way.
 Oh, really?
 But with the original lyrics, or...
 I don't know.
 Mmm.
 So.
 Sorry, I feel like I went on an extended route about Moran Bong, though.
 So is it a solid 20 people, or are they sort of on a rotational...
 No, that's solid.
 And then they disappeared for a while, and then they came back with no explanation.
 Like, take that.
 Take that.
 So a lot of the news when North Korea has been their missile tests.
 Yeah.
 And their most advanced missile is the Musu Dan.
 That's the Musu Dan, not the Musu Comet Dan, this is the Musu Dan.
 And they've done eight attempts, and it's failed six times, okay?
 So that's a 75% failure, which is a worse failure percentage than Sunderland have had.
 Sunderland have failed to win 67% of their Premier League matches in the bottom of the league.
 Wow.
 And I believe Donald Trump has actually dispatched a fleet to Sunderland.
 If someone starts doing well, should we be concerned?
 I don't think that's going to happen.
 So the weapon that the US would use, if they were going to launch a strike on North Korea's
 nuclear facilities, is this thing called a mop, which is a stance for a massive ordinance
 penetrator, it is a 30,000 pound bomb and it can smash through 200 feet of earth or 60 feet
 of concrete before it explodes.
 Oh my god.
 60 feet.
 Oh my god.
 60 feet of concrete.
 How's it doing that?
 Go ahead.
 It's, I mean, is it just big and it's heavy or is it going to drill on the front?
 It's a bit like, do you know when you're drilling on the ground, then you get a pocket
 of air and it--
 I don't want to say it, but listeners of a previous episode will notice a similar sounding
 bit of bullshit from--
 It's using that same technology then.
 But in reverse, what it is done actually, it's got a little chisel on the front of it.
 I just want to say, I've had multiple people write in and confirm that story was true
 about the guy being sucked through the earth and this one is also true.
 This one's blown through the earth not sucked, but it's the same general event.
 Does it have an explosive as it hits the earth, which is a sort of first explosive and then
 as soon as it's lower, then it has a big--
 I don't know how the technology works.
 That's a really good idea.
 So many explosions.
 Yeah.
 I thought it was more like a drill, like it dives down so hard into the earth, it just penetrates
 it.
 60 feet of concrete.
 60 feet of concrete.
 A concrete.
 200 feet of earth.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, that's not something that's--
 That's a hell, it could get through a hell.
 Yeah.
 That's mad.
 Remember that I said that if you cornered a badger on the street that it could--
 Sorry.
 I don't remember this, then.
 So hang on.
 You're in a street.
 And you cornered a badger.
 Yeah.
 You're in a street corner.
 Yeah.
 I guess it's a street corner.
 You're in a cul-de-sac.
 In a cul-de-sac.
 Yeah.
 The badger doesn't know where to go.
 It's a concrete street.
 The claws of a badger are so sharp that it can grind its way through the concrete floor.
 So you also just need a badger on the end of this pond, and that it drills down really
 hard.
 Or just badger claws.
 So it just slices through the ground.
 There are also plants that can go through concrete, aren't there?
 You can get weeds and you can get fungi and stuff that can actually grow through concrete.
 So if you work bothered about how long it took--
 That's true.
 A plant on the end of your bum, and then when it lands.
 It would have to be a negative geotropic plant because it's digging downwards.
 Oh, yeah.
 And it has to go with roots that are more than 60 feet long.
 This year, this year, a guy called Quang Song Han became the first North Korean to
 ever score in Serie A in Italy, which is the top league in Italy.
 So he scored against the goalkeeper who he beat was Joe Hart, the England No. 1 goalkeeper.
 Oh, yeah.
 Not the one who was fired for eating a pie.
 He's not England's goalkeeper now to use Sutton United's goalkeeper.
 This is all right.
 I'm confusing Sutton United in England.
 There's a fact that I hope makes it into the book, which James found about that goalkeeper
 who got fired for eating the pie.
 Do you remember it?
 He got a new job, didn't he?
 But I can't remember what it was.
 His first job after it was that he was a food taster for...
 Textmext restaurants.
 Textmext restaurants.
 Yeah.
 Post-being goalie for Sutton.
 Anyway, so it's quite good that England's goalkeeper is the first goalkeeper ever to let
 in a goal from a North Korean in Serie A.
 Maybe they might spare us when they sweep the power in gratitude for that.
 They were also speaking of North Korean sport on the nuclear testing site, their main nuclear
 testing site, which is just outside Pyongyang.
 I think a US satellite, the week before last, spotted a volleyball game being played.
 Really?
 So that's nice that these guys are having fun and they're off time, yeah, right on the site.
 Are you sure that wasn't by the border wall that you were talking about between South
 and North?
 There is no wall, though.
 Oh, there is no wall.
 Well, I think if volleyball's going on, there is a fucking wall.
 There's a wall on one side and then a two-mile gradual decrease on the other.
 So you hit the ball over the wall and then it just keeps rolling and rolling and you have
 to lock two miles to collect it.
 Yeah.
 I've got a couple of things about just general airline news from around the world.
 Singapore Airlines are flying now, not using your classic airfuel, but cooking oil.
 They're flying using cooking oil.
 Yeah.
 They are.
 So this is a thing that they are trying to reduce aviation emissions and they've launched
 this thing.
 It's called the green package and it's powered in part by sustainable biofuel, which is
 used from cooking oil.
 So if you're ever flying Singapore Airlines, there might be a moment which I never will
 be able to have on.
 Sorry to be a fossil fuel stick in the mud.
 I did it, is it extra virgin or are we talking sunflower oil?
 I don't know.
 No, not sure.
 Because you only want the high quality stuff, I think.
 It's true.
 Yeah.
 Do you remember that was that bus in Bristol that was poo-powered?
 Yes.
 It was going to be running on...
 Would you rather travel on a poo-powered plane or an extra virgin on a oil-powered plane?
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 Given the choice, as long as they both work, it doesn't really affect your flight, does
 it?
 It might do.
 Do you not think the fumes, if the fumes could seep up through the canteen, but you certainly
 rather the oil.
 But yeah, I rarely got aeroplanes to think, I can just smell kerosene the whole way.
 No, but you do get the smell of it on the runway, don't you?
 When you're crossing from the terminal building, sometimes to go into the plane, you can smell
 a bit of fuel there.
 Oh, yeah.
 So if it's a tank of poo, I probably would go with the cooking oil.
 Or as you had delicious cooking oil.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 I've got another one, which is, I'd love to get this in the book.
 It's my favourite character that I discovered in the last year or so.
 It's the Iraqi Transport Minister.
 So plane, aeroplane news from him that happened in the last month is that while flying in a plane,
 as a passenger, with 200 other passengers on board, he went to the cockpit and said, I would
 like to land the plane.
 And they said, okay, I guess we have to let you, you're the Iraqi Transport Minister,
 he's quite a powerful guy.
 I think it just does that.
 Was it an Iraqi plane?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Okay.
 No, it wasn't, he wasn't like on British Airways covered it.
 Imagine if John Prescott truly knew he would have covered it, tried to land the plane.
 I've done a poo, and I'd like it to power this plane.
 So apparently they let him take control of the planes to land the plane and they said it
 was almost fatal.
 Unfortunately, the captain managed to get back into the controls in time in order to stop
 them from dying.
 What, why did he let him?
 This whole was the Transport Minister, he's an important guy, you don't, yes.
 Yeah, I don't know, maybe he's a massive deal.
 So, okay, this is a quote from the pilots.
 I don't know why.
 Then you're on a plane, you don't go, right, he's the most important person here.
 Well, you know, I'm actually the mayor of Swidden.
 Okay, you can land it.
 This is a quote from the pilot, posse event.
 The minister did not do a good job.
 He slammed the front of the plane into the ground.
 All the Rocky planes in future will have to have a fake cockpit, basically.
 The minister turns up, yeah.
 Okay, there's time to move on to fact number three, and that is my fact, which I am pitching
 to get into the book, and that fact is that all NASA astronauts are wearing hand-me-downs.
 Now, when a bigger astronaut, when they grow up enough to fit into the suit, they're right.
 Exactly, no, this is a new story that's just come out, and that's a fact that sort of emerge
 from it.
 It's that NASA has suddenly realized that of all the functioning spacesuits that they have
 for the astronauts to do there when they go outside of the International Space Station,
 they're running out because they only made a batch of them and they haven't made any more.
 So they're really running low on them, and every time a new astronaut goes up, they're basically
 using a hand-me-down.
 They're using a previously used astronaut suit, space suit, and yeah, so they've got, I think,
 17 more missions, and let's say the backpack alone that's part of the suit.
 They've only got 11 of those that are left that are functional, and they don't think they're
 going to survive in order to finish all of the missions, and so they've got more missions
 than they have suits, basically, at this point.
 I think if you don't have the suit, don't go on the mission, I mean...
 Well, we put it in now.
 It'd be a shame to cancel.
 Last year, NASA had a, what they called, a very tweedy, a poop challenge, which was
 asking for designs to go to the toilet in your space suit, but it had to be a hands-free
 in-suit toilet device, right, which could work for up to six days.
 The main winner, and I don't know the full details, but it was a small, crotch-based airlock.
 Okay.
 It's a poo-through.
 Well, I don't think that's the answer, but you could apparently stick things in through
 it, which I do not understand either.
 I see what it is.
 So it sort of hangs off your bum, and then you press a button, and it opens it, and you
 throw into it, and then you press a button.
 Wait, no, it's on the crotch.
 It's on the crotch.
 It's a bit like a burrito working.
 It happens is the poo goes in one side like a burrito, and then closes up, and then someone
 opens the other side, and then takes a burrito out.
 Oh, okay.
 Oh.
 Not eating it.
 You're Mexican restaurant.
 Well, the Sussan United Goldkeeper said it was very nice.
 Oh.
 Anyway, yeah, I'm sorry.
 I don't fully understand the designs of the winner, but there were three winners.
 One was that one, the second place was, it's just words here, an air push, urinary girdle.
 I don't know.
 The third place was kind of an external catheter thing.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Actually, on air locks, non-feesy space, the new space suit that they're designing now, and
 they're hoping to get out before they have to cancel all these missions, it's going
 to cost $4.4 million, and one of the most important innovations on it is that it has
 got what's called a suit plate interface port, which basically, it means that you don't
 have to go through an airlock anymore to leave the spaceship, because you just dock into
 your suit.
 So the suit is docked to the outside of the spaceship, and then you just walk into your
 suit.
 No.
 And then you don't have to, like, go through, because you usually have to go through an
 airlock, dock onto the floor, go through an airlock, and then go into the space station
 where that is.
 It doesn't sound like a good idea.
 Cool.
 That's like, why don't you change into your scuba gear underwater?
 So if something goes wrong, if anything goes wrong in space, and you're exposed to the vacuum
 of space, you're dead in seconds, you'd have a couple of minutes.
 Yeah.
 Come on, Dad.
 What?
 Chill out.
 A couple of minutes to put a suit.
 They're really good.
 They take some about 45 minutes to put those suits on.
 Is the space suit part of the outside of the ship, though?
 No.
 So I don't think it's like, you put it on, and then there's just a big hole in the ship
 as you leave.
 No.
 What?
 Whoops.
 But it doesn't bury a clothes behind the suit.
 I'm not sure.
 So this is what the woman said to design them.
 She said it allows astronauts to enter and exit the outfit by docking with the vehicle.
 So I'm not sure exactly how it would work, but I'm sure they've worked out a way of sealing
 the vehicle behind them.
 Mm.
 I think that's pretty cool.
 You would hope.
 That's not cool.
 Yeah.
 I was reading a thing about-- so in the news of the last few weeks, Peggy Witson, who is
 the commander of the International Space Station, she broke the record for the longest
 time, and American has been in space.
 She already holds a number of other records for being in space, and she's commanding it
 for the second time as well.
 And she's an amazing person, and they did a broadcast between the International Space
 Station and the White House, the Oval Office, so Trump and Ivanka and another astronaut--
 Why was Ivanka there?
 She was everywhere.
 Why?
 She's pretty important.
 She was going to fly the thing.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 So there was a chat that was going on between them, and you could see both at the same time.
 And there was this moment, which they were a bit confused about, and they're not sure if
 Trump was joking.
 They were talking, but he said, "When are we going to get to Mars?"
 And Peggy said, "Well, you know, we're doing all these amazing bits of research up here
 and down on Earth, and we think by 2030s we could start getting to it."
 And he said, "No, I think we need to do it in my first term.
 It'd be disappointing if it was in my second term, but that's still OK."
 And so she was like, "Ha-ha-ha."
 And then people at NASA were like, "Was that like a JFK moment?"
 Did he mean that?
 And we have to get to Mars in three years.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So yeah, I don't know, but we've got nothing to worry.
 It was a weird broadcast, because at points, I watched most of it, Trump just suddenly gets
 bored.
 It just looks quite bored talking to astronauts in space.
 And he also looks like he's thinking, "I wonder what studio in Hollywood they're filming
 this in?"
 Like, I imagine he's a moon landing denier, and he just thinks, "Yeah, you're not there,
 are you?
 I know.
 I know about you guys."
 They actually discussed the urine thing, didn't they?
 He asked about how you eat.
 Wait, which, the Trump urine thing or the astronaut urine thing?
 [LAUGHTER]
 He probably actually might have lied in his answer given that, because they discussed the
 astronaut urine thing.
 They avoided the Trump urine thing, actually.
 And about the recycling the urine, so they drink recycled urine when they're up in space.
 And she said to him, "It's really not as bad as it sounds."
 And he said, "Well, that's good.
 Glad to hear it.
 Better use than me."
 So one of the problems is that with these suits, the ones that are breaking.
 So one of the ones that broke not too long ago started letting the water supply and the
 astronaut potentially could have drowned inside his own suit.
 They had to get immediately back into the International Space Station and take all the
 stuff off.
 So the big problem is, as soon as something goes wrong inside the suit, taking the astronaut
 out of the suit in time to save them, it does take a super long time.
 Wow.
 I'm really surprised it takes so long to make them.
 You would think, like, okay, we need one before 2024, it can't be beyond the realm of
 mud to be able to do that.
 That's true.
 If you have a million quid, you would think you'd be able to do it.
 I don't know.
 From Kennedy announcing, we're going to go to the moon to get to the moon.
 It was about nine years.
 We're now saying that it'll take us roughly that long to make a suit.
 Well, we're getting a Mars in three years, so it's actually good.
 No one's going to have any suits on.
 Mars mission ends in immediate disaster.
 No one could have foreseen as they stepped out.
 Okay, it is time for a final fact of the show.
 That is Tzizinski.
 Yes, my fact that I would like to get into the news book is that, as of last week, whenever
 state media in Tajikistan mentions the president, they now legally have to refer to him by his
 full title, which is, "The founder of peace and national unity, leader of the nation,
 president of the Republic of Tajikistan, his excellency, Emma Marley-Raman."
 And they have to do that every time they mention him.
 What can they cough after it and say, "Wanker!"
 So I think this might be the only news book that comes out this year that has a full section
 on Tajikistan.
 So get it for that.
 Wow.
 Apparently, it takes 15 seconds for it to scroll along the screen on the news.
 Which is if you're trying to show a news bulletin, the president's announced, 15 seconds is
 a long time to have one name scrolling for.
 But apparently you're allowed to say, "Leader of the nation," like if it's really a short
 bulletin or something, you're allowed to call it.
 It does nice.
 It's nice to be in full, isn't it?
 Please, just call me "Leader of the nation."
 Well, they've speculated.
 I think this is something the BBC picked up, and it was reported by Radio Azad-Lic.
 And it was the director of Tajik State Radio, who made the announcement.
 And he just said, "The mandatory use of the full title is required by law and didn't
 elaborate."
 So I think, unless I think we're still just speculating going, "I think you're
 probably okay if you say, "Leader of the nation" sometimes, we'll only find out when someone
 tries it.
 Yep.
 So Emma Marley-Ramon, the president of Tajik Stan, has been, say his full name, sorry,
 the founder of the National University, he is a very undemocratic guy.
 As in, in May last year, he made people vote over whether he should be president of the
 life.
 He won remarkably.
 That's not undemocratic.
 No, you're right.
 He won 94.5% of the vote.
 Well, they like him.
 Yeah.
 They'd better.
 Because there's a lot of human rights repression, a lot of torture and things like this.
 Yeah.
 They're 149th out of 180 on the free press listing.
 Wow.
 So pretty low down.
 Yeah.
 And he's passed a law which gives him immunity from all criminal charges for life, which
 is exactly the sort of thing that you normal, honest guys always tend to dig.
 Yeah.
 It does.
 So he's banned a few things generally that I've just got, obviously he's done that if he's
 making news outlets call him by that full name.
 One thing he's blocked is YouTube.
 YouTube not allowed there anymore, mainly because of a video that went online of him dancing
 drunkenly at a wedding and singing karaoke really badly.
 Yeah.
 So he said, okay, this needs to be banned.
 So he's banned the whole website.
 YouTube.
 Yes.
 People would do that if I had the power, there'd be no Facebook, no YouTube.
 Pretty much nothing.
 No, it's not all banning things that he does.
 We should say he has taken a lot of positive steps too.
 So policing to Tiki's down, I've been told that they have to go to the theatre once a month,
 but on different days.
 So there isn't one incredibly large audience on one day.
 I don't know how they coordinate all going on different days.
 If they all go on the same day, there's going to be no police around.
 That's true.
 Mark me in that one theatre, imagine your bad luck if you go to rob that theatre.
 I could have literally robbed anyone else in the country.
 But it's meant to be to help their spiritual and moral awareness and there is a photo going
 with the news story of these incredibly bored looking men in suits.
 Yeah.
 It is just because though the interior minister who's called Ramazon Rahim Zoda just went
 to the theatre last month and said, oh my god, this is really fun.
 I like this.
 And so said, I think everyone should do it.
 He just went, I thought it was good, thought they should do it too.
 I quite like that.
 Imagine if everything Theresa May didn't enjoy it.
 We all then had to do.
 Would that be good?
 Oh, we're all going fuck Sunsini.
 Come on guys.
 He, another thing that he has put in place as a ban is that so everywhere in Tajikistan
 there are pictures of him, giant billboard pictures of him.
 And he's ordered that in all of the smaller towns and cities, any mayor or anyone in
 the position of power there has to take down the picture if they're in it with him because
 he doesn't want to be associated with giving them the publicity of friendship on, yeah.
 So he said, and the way that they did it was, they called up all the local officials on
 the phone and they said, hi, are you the local official?
 Yes, I am.
 I have a message here from the president and then they played a voice recording of him
 down the phone line to them where he says, you are no longer allowed to have my photo
 up if you're in the photo with me.
 And so it's an audio message they played down the phone to each person that they called
 up.
 It's embarrassing.
 That's so weird.
 It's a bit like when you split up with your ex, but you kind of like the photo so you kind
 of get rid of them from the photo, isn't it?
 Right.
 Yes.
 Or when you call up their best friend and you play a recording of yourself down the phone
 at them saying, I want my stereo back.
 I want the canvas with the CD.
 And it's like that, do you remember during the coup in Turkey, President Erdogan appeared
 on TV, but it wasn't him appearing on TV.
 It was someone holding up a phone on the camera while they were mid-skipping him.
 Yeah.
 That's not actually one other thing that we'll probably go in the book is Melanchor, just
 speaking of people appearing in weird technological ways.
 Melanchor, who was voted out of the French election the first round, but was the very left
 wing candidate.
 It was appearing by holograms, so he was appearing in seven or eight states at once.
 But it wasn't even a hologram found out.
 It was a, what was it called?
 Hepers Ghost.
 It was called Peppers Ghost, which is a cool or name than hologram.
 So he's like, he's like Tupac.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Tupac did the same thing.
 And it basically means you appear in a similar way, but it's two-dimensional, whereas
 a hologram is three-dimensional.
 But it's basically a hologram.
 It's not a hologram.
 Yeah, but it looks like one.
 It doesn't understand what I'm saying when I say it's basically that.
 Yeah, but you know what I'm saying when I say Montereyl, but it's a hyperloop.
 Yeah.
 I think we're going to turn each other.
 Oh, I just know.
 It's got very tense.
 I'm just saying maybe if he used a hologram, he might have got to the second round.
 Melanchol did campaign partly via computer game.
 What?
 What?
 What, like infiltrated Diddy Kong racing again?
 Like in Minecraft.
 No, his supporters.
 He was quite tech savvy, and it didn't as much good as it could have done, but his supporters
 developed a computer game called Fiscal Combat with a sort of K-lack in Mortal Combat.
 And you played Melanchol in it, and you had to go around finding businessmen and then
 shaking them up and down.
 Right.
 And as you shook them up and down, their coins flew out of their pockets, and you were taking
 tax from the wealthy.
 It doesn't sound fun to me.
 I've played it.
 It is quite fun.
 Because it's exactly that 2D style.
 It's pretty good.
 I mean, James, you're the only person left alive still playing Pokemon Go, so I don't
 know if you're a good arbiter of what is fun.
 Well, I'm going to be trying to get some Pokemon Go facts into this book.
 We were almost late just for the listeners.
 We were almost late to the meeting for our book deal, because we thought James was in charge
 of the Google Maps leading us the way to the building.
 But in fact, we were following a man chasing Dad Pokemon.
 We got the book.
 The alumni got an onyx.
 Something about elections in Tajikistan, actually, which is quite interesting.
 You can run for opposition, but there was no real proper opposition in the last election.
 The closest person who came to being a proper opponent was someone called Oynahol Bob-Zerova,
 which is a cool name.
 So what you have to do to be eligible to run as a candidate for election in Tajikistan
 is you need to get 210,000 signatures to be eligible to run.
 So let's just put this in context to remind you how the British system works.
 In the UK, you need to get 10 signatures to be a candidate for election here, just 10
 signatures to be your consistency.
 In the US, if you want to run for Senate, you need between 1 and 2,000, I think, in most places.
 Sorry, between 1,000 and 2,000, or between 1 and 2,000, it'll be over 1,000.
 Yeah, and in Tajikistan, which only has a population of 8 million, you need to get one in 40 people
 in the country just saying that you should be a candidate.
 And she still managed to get 202,000.
 And she was 8,000,000 sure.
 Oh my god.
 That is nuts.
 I think I'd fudge a few.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I'd duplicate a few.
 I think you might get you in trouble with this guy.
 But I'm not going to check the mall.
 He's taking a linear view of it.
 I'm sure.
 Isn't that such a slap on my face, though?
 She's a super cool woman.
 Look her up.
 She won a wall given by Michelle Obama last year or the year before, like, most influential,
 good women in the world or something.
 Oh, really?
 But yeah, hard luck on her.
 Yeah.
 Tajikistan has the cheapest pint of beer in the world that you can buy.
 Really?
 How much is it?
 30p, per pint.
 That's pretty good.
 Yeah, 30p.
 That's quite good.
 And I think the second cheapest is 36p, which is made by Bhutanese monks.
 So that's the next cheapest one.
 I think so.
 I drunk beer in Bhutan.
 I remember it being quite expensive.
 You got overcharged late.
 You found it all night.
 Sorry.
 They saw you coming.
 I'm pretty sure it was expensive, actually.
 Maybe only one?
 Six quid for a pint.
 Yeah.
 Sorry.
 We have to bring him for Tajikistan.
 Another thing Tajikistan has, which is kind of cool, is the world's most dangerous tunnel.
 Yeah.
 That sounds awesome.
 That sounds kind of cool, I'd say.
 I did say kind of.
 In what way?
 And who decides that it's the most dangerous?
 I think just the general public.
 So it's nicknamed death tunnel, I think.
 And the reason it was built, it was built in, I think it was started being built in 2007.
 And the reason it was built was because before that you couldn't drive from North to South
 Tajikistan without having to cut through it as Bekastan.
 And as Bekastan, it's not very friendly to Tajikistan a lot.
 So actually quite a dangerous trip, if you have to go visit your mum in the north, to go
 there.
 So they built this tunnel.
 It's five kilometres long.
 And it opened up a few years ago, but it had no lighting, so it's pitch dark in there.
 It's got massive potholes, it has falling rocks all over the place.
 And you actually have to sign a form before you go into the tunnel saying that you understand
 the danger of driving through this tunnel, of being hit by falling rocks or something.
 It's got no ventilation at all.
 Oh, I think it's got maybe one fan right in the middle.
 And so that means that it's filled with exhaust fumes, so visibility is only a few feet.
 And this does mean that if you break down, for instance, in the middle of it, you will
 get carbon monoxide poisoning within a very short amount of time.
 So people who are driving through this tunnel say they get dizzy and nauseous as they do
 it, because it's so blocked up with carbon monoxide.
 But it is a great way to get from North to South Tajikistan.
 How long is it, sorry?
 Five kilometres.
 Five kilometres.
 That is quite a long way.
 It's a long way.
 It's a long way to go.
 It's a long way to go.
 It's a long way to go.
 It's a long way to go.
 It's a long way to go.
 It's a long way to go.
 It's a long way to go.
 It's a long way to go.
 It's a long way to go.
 It's a long way to go.
 It's a long way to go.
 I think they are improving it.
 There was a thing last year when they said they like it.
 They got extra fun.
 Yeah, they're improving it.
 You're not allowed to sign the form.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of the potential facts that are going to be making it into the book.
 Again, it comes out in November.
 Do go to Amazon right now and click the big button on the front page.
 Or go to Amazon and look up the book of the year by no such thing as a fish.
 Or go to qi.com/shop.
 That's right.
 And it's going to contain everything from all the scientific discoveries that happened
 this year through to stuff like to Jekestan presidents, to Trump's wall, Trump generally North Korea.
 Kim Jong Un.
 We're all on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 @X8.
 Andy.
 @AndruhunterM.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcasts at qi.com.
 Or you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We've got all of our previous episodes.
 We have all of our tour tickets that are available up there.
 We're going on tour in November.
 We're not only going to record a show, but we're going to be bringing our book with us.
 The book that you can buy, the book of the year.
 Go to Amazon now or our website.
 We'll see you next week.
 Goodbye.
 You can imagine the popular.
 [MUSIC]
