 Bloop, bloop, bloop, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, baby, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah,
 Hi, Andy. Hi, everybody. Welcome to Drop As Align, the audience feedback segment of Club
 Fish, where we listen to the things that you said and we go through them. We've had some
 amazing correspondence this month. We should probably start with this one from Matthias
 Pansen book, who says, "We do say 'Austronaut' here in Austria, when referring to Franz W.
 Book, the first and so far only Austrian astronaut who visited Mir, Australia needs to come up
 with their own name."
 "Oz" to an "Oz" like "Oz" I think Dan said that at the time and I slightly poo-pooed it maybe. I can't remember actually. Well, there we go. I've got an early quiz for you. Cool. From Peter Drake, whoever reads the
 email, it's always me Peter, can stump their colleagues with this one. "What product found in US kitchens bears a warning about something it doesn't contain?" Now, this is show related.
 Oh, I think, is it going to be about goiters?
 This salt does not contain iodine.
 Iodine.
 You're both there. I think you both get the point for that. When you sent a huge photo of
 Morton salt, which has a label on it saying, "This salt does not supply iodide."
 That's too big, mate. That photo, we didn't need that A4 size.
 I know, I've printed it.
 That's a lot of printing.
 Yeah, a lot of colour.
 Can I just say, you failed to stump any of your colleagues there, apart from perhaps
 Dan, but I felt like it was on the tip of his tongue.
 Would you think you would have got there, Dan?
 Yeah.
 Do you think you would have got goit there?
 Goit there?
 Brilliant. It's worth it to lead to that joke.
 I think so, yeah.
 In fact, we've had a lot of goiters discourse, so it's probably good we get into this nice
 and early.
 OK.
 Ursula Kuker-Hogg writes, "I just wanted to mention some extra information. As a Swiss-born
 Austrian, can I point out that goiters did not stop at the Swiss border and were a problem
 in the whole of the Alpine regions. They were rare but not unknown when I grew up in Salzburg."
 Right.
 That was in the early '70s.
 Diseases don't know borders.
 Well, you made a sound frontier. Is that what you were referring to?
 It was, yeah.
 It was, yeah.
 James Peterson, right? He's 76 years old, which is relevant. He said, "My name is James.
 I do enjoy your show while currently in the state of Idaho." He does some hospital visits
 in Idaho.
 Yep.
 He says, "Your podcast about goiters caught my attention as this affliction was rampant
 in the USA in many regions up until the 1920s. Same kind of era as in one of some of the
 good--
 Yeah.
 And he said, "I remember my mother, born in 1920, having a scar on her neck slash throat
 and I asked what happened and she said she had a goitre removed and she was raised in
 Montana and eastern Idaho and that was a lack of hiding."
 That's very interesting.
 There you go.
 And actually, I've just had a couple of flashbacks at times where I remember getting served by
 a waiter in one restaurant and a friend of a friend meeting them in another place.
 Is this America?
 And they both had these, no, in the UK, but I mean, they were more common all over the
 world. And they had these huge scars on their necks and what you think is something really
 cool has happened there.
 Yeah.
 Like someone almost murdered you.
 Yeah.
 Do you think there's a story?
 Shark attack.
 Exactly.
 Shark attack.
 You're a spy who got into a bit of hot water in the Soviet Union or something.
 Turns out, I bet they all just had goitres removed.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 My dad worked at my school where I went and I have a scar on my face and he told everyone
 that I was bitten by a shark.
 And so it was very regularly.
 I would say once or twice a week, people would come up to me and go, "Is it true you were
 bitten by a shark when you were a baby?"
 We could change sharkin as a result.
 Yeah.
 They changed the entire surname of my family.
 No, your friends.
 Just them.
 Right.
 I see.
 Yeah.
 Damn your dad for not committing.
 Yeah.
 What did you say?
 I said no because I was a teenager and quite embarrassed that people were even talking
 to me.
 Was it in fact just a little facial goiter you had?
 Yes.
 Exactly.
 I had a sharpness of iodine in my cheek.
 What circumstances were you under supposedly in the story that as a baby you were bitten
 by a shark?
 That's very bad parenting.
 It doesn't reflect well on your dad that a shark was able to get to you.
 As a teacher, someone looking after everyone's children.
 And I also, after we read that article, think that I might be iodine deficient.
 I was going to ask if you had the results of your test, but I wondered if you wanted
 that question asked.
 No, I haven't.
 There's some iodine deficiency in my family and I read about the symptoms and I feel like
 I've been running on about 70% for the last few years and I wonder if it's lack of iodine.
 It's completely unrelated to you becoming a parent and having no sleep for two years.
 I just feel tired all the time.
 I can hear this constant screaming and I think that's a symptom of iodine deficiency.
 I keep getting sick in September every year and I'm sure it's the iodine thing.
 It's an urge to watch.
 Thomas the Tank Engine and blowy.
 It's really weird.
 Yeah.
 Well, Natasha Lake from Chicago writes, a very punchy start.
 I don't know if you can see this.
 She writes on with the email just to begin.
 Lovely.
 What a great.
 Iodine, thyroid, all in caps.
 It's cool.
 It's the style of like an early 20th century newspaper headline, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Shot Korra War.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And she says, please mentally pronounce iodine the American way.
 Iodine for full effect.
 And she just writes about the fact that there was a goiter belt across America.
 Did it include Idaho?
 It was the Midwest and Great Lakes.
 So you tell me.
 Not really.
 I guess so.
 Idaho is further west than the Great Lakes for sure.
 Okay.
 Michigan?
 That is on the Great Lakes.
 That's further east than Idaho.
 Michigan.
 Michigan apparently had a whole load of that.
 And there was a U.S. Endemic Goiter Committee.
 And these days there is a concern because there are lots of salts which are kosher, Himalayan,
 speciality, which are not generally iodized.
 Yeah.
 We'll see the salts aren't they?
 No.
 Around the world I think we might have mentioned.
 Yeah.
 It's only the cheap shit salt.
 So here ends the goiter section of the show.
 We should do this every week.
 Yeah.
 Great section.
 Goiter pod.
 Here's a good email subject line.
 Can you smell my...
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 From Sophie Unwind.
 Got it.
 Can you smell my ass?
 Discourse continues.
 Oh, God.
 And this is great.
 She's a participant in a sport which she thinks has the most ass smelling.
 Ah.
 Oh.
 Okay.
 Can we guess what it is?
 I'd love you to guess.
 I'm thinking...
 A sport.
 Is that in the Olympics?
 Yeah.
 It's got to be this year.
 I think it's been approved with skateboarding.
 I think there is a new spot in the Olympics which is sport climbing.
 So maybe if you're climbing behind someone...
 Very good.
 Oh.
 How about the sport of building a pyramid?
 You know the kids that...
 Oh.
 Do you know what I'm talking about?
 Human pyramid.
 Human pyramid.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 But Egypt is very strong in the pyramid.
 Egypt takes it again.
 And it's brilliant because the podium afterwards, you have to build your own podium for the
 end of the year.
 Yeah.
 But you could get hundreds of thousands of people on each step of the pyramid.
 You go all the way to the top.
 So none of those things.
 No.
 It's not rugby or NFL where you're in a scrum and you use to meet those asses.
 No.
 I mean, I thought of rugby, but no.
 This is great.
 I'll tell you.
 She writes.
 Because there was actually a rugby player who put his finger up someone's bum.
 Oh, yeah.
 But lots of bums.
 The same finger?
 I think it was a thumb up the bum.
 Was it?
 I'm not sure.
 But it was multiple people reported saying he keeps putting his fingers up us.
 But is it your, there would be people on his team?
 No.
 On the opposition.
 Well, how long are his arms?
 If you're in a scrum with someone and you're in the second row, you can get to the bums
 of the people in the front row.
 There's a lot of...
 They are on your team.
 They're falling to the ground and trying to grab the ball.
 In a ruck rather than a scrum.
 What's a ruck again?
 Like Dan says, it's just everyone sort of on the ground and the balls in there and
 you're trying to get the ball out.
 It feels like this guy is fulfilling other, that feels like quite a lot of having to go
 to rather than in a scrum where you could just like pop a finger or a thumb in there.
 You were just saying it was impossible.
 I'm saying it's possible to get the other team.
 Yeah.
 Well, you don't want to put your finger up your own team's arms.
 I'm saying that's what I'm saying.
 Some people like having a finger up their ass.
 Would it motivate you in a scrum?
 Come on, mate.
 Pull my finger out.
 Get to action.
 Very good.
 So it's not Rugga.
 Sophie writes, it's in the first four words very well, she writes, "I'm a paricyclist."
 Ah.
 So that's tandem.
 Interesting, yeah.
 I think tandem may be the most apt use of the line.
 The ass you're close to belongs to your teammate, so it doesn't work as an insult, but I can't
 think of another sport that has you quite so close to someone else's ass.
 I agree.
 I've attached a picture of myself racing, so you can see what I mean.
 I am the one smelling the ass.
 Let's see.
 And here she is.
 Oh.
 Oh, yeah.
 The ass knows it.
 Oh, yeah.
 So she really is very, very close to it.
 I just feel like if normal tandems were like that, they might not sell quite as many.
 No, it's true.
 It's true.
 You might not see them all over the streets like you do today.
 Jason Kenney.
 Oh, thank you, Sophie.
 And his wife, Laura Kenney, who are two of the greatest Olympians in British history
 of cyclists.
 They have a tandem.
 That's great.
 They must go a million miles an hour.
 That's amazing.
 The pantomime horse.
 That would be a very good one.
 And also, you're being closed.
 Absolutely.
 You've got to be careful there.
 So the pantomime horse, Grand National.
 Noah Bacon writes, "Yes, thank you, Noah."
 As a resident of Rockstow, I wanted to weigh in on the Seymour Cox discussion.
 Oh, I don't remember.
 Yeah.
 It was when Leung was here.
 And it was referring to an MP called Seymour Cox.
 Great.
 Yeah.
 In 1938, there was some debate over whether Lord Byron was actually buried in his family's
 vault in Hucknell, and a team of people went to exhume his body.
 Leung, that team, was the unfortunately named MP of neighbouring constituency Rockstow,
 Seymour Cox.
 Ironically, Seymour Cox and the rest of the group were shocked at the size of Byron's
 cock.
 You know what?
 We've said that.
 Like one of the first episodes.
 I've completely forgotten it.
 No, it was when we're, I'm pretty sure, on stage at Soho Theatre.
 Yeah.
 You mentioned it was.
 I remember James telling this fact.
 And you made the Seymour Cox, couldn't you?
 Yeah.
 I've completely forgot about it.
 There we go.
 Yeah.
 I remember that, too.
 Yeah.
 I think it was one of our first ever shows at the Soho Theatre, for sure.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Oh, there we go.
 Nice to be reminded.
 Thank you, Noah.
 Did we know if they were shocked that it was too big or too small?
 Well, it was a hundred years after he died, so I really think you'd be shocked if there
 was anything there at all.
 Byron, you'd expect to have a huge member, so I think something very small would be
 more shocking than something very big.
 But a hundred years later, you just, there's.
 There's that just gaping.
 It does go, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 No bone or anything.
 No.
 Yeah, that hole.
 Yeah.
 There's a little molepog in his head up where the penis should have been or a naked mole
 rat.
 That would be.
 Oh.
 Eric DeVos writes, "Just thought you might like to know the oldest sitting member of
 the Dutch Eester Kammer," sorry for mispronouncing that, "Our equivalent of the House of Lords
 is resigning, and his name is Tiny Cox."
 No, that's great.
 Thank you, Eric.
 It's called Tiny.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Come on.
 That joke is a sitting Dutch.
 Oh, good grief.
 Oh.
 We're just doing an episode on dad jokes.
 I'm just catching up.
 Absolutely.
 Oh, I think we all smelt your ass there.
 Tom Coombs writes, "Hello from Newfoundland," Newfoundland, Newfoundland, one of those
 would be.
 Pick one, Tom.
 No, I can never, I always say it wrong.
 I always say it wrong.
 Newfoundland.
 Newfoundland.
 Sorry.
 I mean, you've slowly been taking up an item of shirt clothing.
 Don, do you remember this is the strip podcast?
 Every time you say a terrible joke, you have to take an item of clothing on.
 Oh, dear.
 It's heating up in here, all right?
 Yeah.
 Melissa's going to sense it.
 I can sense it.
 All these cocks.
 Tom Coombs writes, "Hello from there, I recently drove across Canada from coast to coast.
 I stayed at a motel in the town of Shriver, Ontario."
 Oh, cool.
 "I really wanted to send a postcard from there to you with an interesting fact about the
 town.
 Unfortunately, I found neither an interesting fact nor a postcard."
 Why does that somehow feel like a massive slam on the news?
 I don't know.
 It does.
 It does.
 So, I said you this email with no facts.
 So, anyway.
 That's cool.
 Actually, I didn't know there was a place called Shriver, Ontario.
 No?
 There you go.
 We should do a gig there.
 Yeah.
 I don't know who's named after her.
 This is actually a proper correction.
 So something we, I think, slightly flubbed on.
 Charlotte Van Uweek.
 There's a lot of people from the Low Countries, right, and then this week.
 Well, you think she is, but the rest of it, no, no, no.
 Well, she's from Australia, and she said in episode, very good, very good.
 Dan, this is the proper serious bit of the show.
 Sorry.
 I'm afraid we're going to need to tap in.
 No.
 She says, "In episode 514, you stated that Australia is the second largest user of bottled
 water.
 This fact isn't incorrect as such, but you missed out a lot of crucial context.
 You speculated that the reason for so many plastic bottled water sales must be because
 everyone is so busy frolicking on the beach."
 And actually, it's not that.
 And she goes on to say, "The main reason there is so much bottled water sold is multiple
 country towns have literally run out of water due to climate change-related severe droughts,
 and there are also floods which can contaminate water, which means you need to have lots of
 bottled water as well."
 So our amusing beach-based barbecue scenario was definitely, because I don't think we knew.
 We just needed the stat.
 No.
 No, that's very interesting.
 Brings the mood down, certainly, of that initial fact, but it is very interesting.
 There we go.
 And sorry for slandering the Aussies.
 Yeah.
 It's actually a very nice email.
 She just sort of says, "That's why."
 Yeah, that's why.
 It sounds very nice.
 I've read out the bit we most need to deal.
 I haven't included the bit where she says, "I like listening to the show."
 Yeah.
 That's very nice.
 Can I just say also, I stand by all previous slandering of the Aussies, just on this particular
 point, fine.
 Okay.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I don't think we're being asked to correct anything else.
 Okay.
 Is that why I'm on this show?
 Just to be safe, one of my friends is an Australian.
 I can say it.
 I was like, "This show is a whole slandering of the Australians."
 I'm like, "Let's find the most stupid Australian we can."
 Oh, my God.
 Can't find anyone stupid enough, so I got you to pretend to be an Aussie 12 years ago.
 So, yeah, apologies, hold your hands up to that.
 I think that's a fair cop, a fair cop.
 Alan Wood writes, "Just another arm actually."
 This is about Bethany England.
 Oh, yes.
 I know it's a Jengar apology, but it's not.
 So, another footballer who's named after the country they represented.
 Yes.
 She was the one we mentioned.
 Yeah.
 Simon Ivory Coast.
 That's right.
 And then someone written and said, "Steve and Ireland play for Ireland."
 Yeah.
 Who, fair enough, I should have known him.
 Well, this is a Jengar, I'm actually from Alan.
 Bethany England hasn't played for a country that's shared her name because England isn't
 a country, England isn't recognised as a country by the United Nations and can be referred
 to as a home nation during international events.
 Interesting.
 Yeah, that's a good point.
 I'm going to try and exhibit this level of, he actually writes, "Pendantry."
 I'm sorry to grass you up here, Alan.
 I'm sorry.
 Maybe he's just wearing a big necklace when you write.
 I'm sorry, but if you come at us with an "I'm actually," I'm going to run over this every
 single word, scrupulous.
 Well, these guys read pen out.
 Absolutely.
 It's the worst word to miss, Belle, isn't it?
 I always wonder if he's done that deliberately.
 Yeah.
 I've never heard that before because I did, up until a second ago, think it was a country.
 I think it is a country in some respects.
 It depends how you define country.
 That's why on Pointless, every time they have to define country as a member of the United
 Nations.
 Because it's the UK.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And England was a country and then it merged with Scotland and Wales.
 But it is a country in a sporting sense by most definitions, obviously, because if we
 said the British football team, then the Scots, they'd stop listening.
 I feel like constitutionally in the UK, we talk about the four countries of the United
 Kingdom.
 Yes.
 OK.
 Oh, Wales, yeah.
 Oh, my God, Anna.
 Come on, come on.
 Anna, this show is an attempt to clear the inbox.
 Wow.
 Bethany, England delivers again.
 She'll be back.
 I feel like Bethany, England is a nickname for Anna, you know, so her identity.
 Oh, goodness me.
 There's maybe the best pedantic email we've had this week.
 This is from someone with a great name, Cesar Almeida from Brazil, from Brasilia.
 Cesar writes, "As a Brazilian living in Brazil," sorry, I'll cover that, "I've just in the
 last couple of weeks discovered QI and then last week fishing around for something to
 listen to during an impending drive across the country, I found fish.
 On episode 479, you refer to the Aldi Equator."
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 The shop Aldi.
 The two brothers, they divided all the branches of Aldi between north and south.
 Anyway, you refer to the Aldi Equator.
 But it occurred to me that since the Equator, though imaginary, is defined by its equidistance
 from the poles and is therefore not subject to convention, the best metaphor for the Aldi
 Brothers Agreement would surely be the Torcedes Treaty of 1494 between Spain and Portugal.
 Yeah, that's fair.
 I think that's a completely fair cop.
 Well, that's what created Brazil, right?
 I think because they just decided all the bits on this side are going to belong to Spain,
 all the bits on this side are going to belong to Portugal, and Brazil, obviously, is the
 only Portuguese-speaking country in South America.
 Right.
 Well, there we go.
 That's close to this person's heart.
 That's chapter and verse.
 I mean, great.
 Wonderful.
 Great point.
 Yeah.
 I think it's only a lack of intimate familiarity with the Torcedes Treaty of 1494 that meant
 I, you know, or we mentioned that.
 I'm just kicking myself that I didn't think of that.
 Yeah.
 Do you want to hear a bung-hole email?
 Oh, yes, please.
 Yeah, always.
 Ben from Connecticut writes, "Your recent episode mentioned lots
 of bung things like bung holes and the like, but also mentioned baseball.
 It so happens there is a minor league team that was briefly called the Beer City Bung
 Hammers."
 Beer City.
 What a great, is that a nickname for an actual, because there's no beer city in America, is
 there?
 Right.
 Well, it was a brief renaming of the West Michigan White Caps, a low-level affiliate
 of the Detroit Tigers.
 I'm in so deep.
 I'm in so deep in my head.
 So they changed their name for a few games for promotional reasons.
 There we go.
 That's great, though.
 Yeah.
 Bung Hammers.
 And then Ben goes on to write, "I don't know if you guys can confirm this, you supporters.
 Other good, real, full-time team names include the sod poodles, the trash pandas, rumble ponies,
 jumbo shrimp, sock puppets, and disco turkeys."
 That's a stunning, a baseball-panda-related fact.
 In Bhutan, the baseball teams are all named after animals that live in Bhutan.
 And in Timpu, their capital, their team is called the Timpu Red Pandas.
 And what that means is, this is a really cool thing they do, any money that each team gets
 goes into conservation for whichever team is named after themselves, whichever animal.
 That's awesome.
 Yeah.
 I didn't say that very well.
 Basically, the red panda conservation gets all the money from the Timpu Red Pandas.
 Right.
 That's lovely.
 That's awesome.
 Yeah.
 Is there a Yeti team?
 Because there is a Yeti party, isn't there?
 According to the Bhutanese.
 Yeah.
 There's a...
 I don't believe...
 To be honest, I didn't read through all the names, but I didn't see a Yeti name.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 No one has.
 And we did have an email about that, actually.
 It was a fact email, so I didn't put it in this document, but it was about how Yeti sightings
 go up proportionally to the number of, I think it was, black bears in an area.
 Like, if there are more black bears, you'll get a certain amount of Yeti sightings.
 Because they prey on black bears.
 That's right.
 That's their name.
 Wait, do you not include fact emails in this bit of the show?
 God no.
 No, because we have a new outlet for those.
 Yeah, okay.
 Yeah.
 A new sleuths, a new porthole has opened.
 It's content free.
 Yeah.
 We can't have content in this show.
 No.
 This is the light relief.
 Yeah.
 A nice...
 Oh, here's one.
 This is a...
 I'm afraid this is quite a serious one.
 Okay.
 It's from Kevin Ryan.
 I'm just going to read the whole thing, all right?
 Yeah.
 I'm writing to say how shocked and disappointed I was to hear Anna telling that Bunga Bunga
 joke during a recent episode.
 I'm sure many other listeners felt the same.
 The punchline should have been that the third captor, having seen the awful state the first
 two were in after Bunga Bunga, asks for death instead, to which the captor cries out, "Death
 by Bunga Bunga."
 Yeah.
 No, that's an alternative.
 Sure.
 I think both work fine.
 That's the version I know as well.
 It's the version I know too.
 They're both funny.
 I'm afraid the game...
 Kevin Ryan doesn't know.
 Is that Anna knows comedy.
 Is that right?
 But you were saying the version that was Colonel Gaddafi and Mussolini's favourite joke, right?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yes.
 So that was...
 So I think I'm on the right side of this one, guys.
 You're on the right side of history.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No, that's fair.
 Yeah.
 This is a very cool email.
 It's from a few episodes ago.
 Dan, you were talking about John Williams and he conducted the E.T. school.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 So this is from Tiffany Chang from Melbourne.
 She's a musician and she plays and she does film schools sometimes.
 And it's just about how they play the soundtrack with the film on the screen behind them.
 Yeah.
 Very cool.
 Yeah.
 I love it.
 And they also have a click track in their ear.
 Like a metronome.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I love this bit of her email.
 Yeah.
 I love the movie on the screen in front of them with the beats flashing up across the
 screen like in Guitar Hero.
 And some of the conductors we've had during the Star Wars series had their own special
 battons that they used for a bit of the performance.
 One had a mini lightsaber that properly lit up and another had a wand for the Harry Potter
 movies.
 Cool.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Not a real lightsaber though.
 Didn't do the musicians any harm, did it?
 No.
 I mean, the whole brass section was just run through.
 Left with the smoking on the head.
 And we talk about conductors calling out the names of the instruments.
 Yeah, we did.
 Yeah.
 So Tiffany writes, "As for conductors shouting instruments at us, that does happen.
 When I first started playing in youth orchestras, when I was seven or so, I was reduced to
 tears thinking I was being yelled at personally."
 Turns out he wasn't yelling Tiffany, he was yelling at the timpani.
 And we've done that fact about, you know, in Star Wars, there's the cantina where there's
 like a jazz band playing.
 What that style of music is called?
 We've never done it, but I know it.
 Yeah, it's called jizz.
 No.
 The name jizz.
 Wow.
 Is that invented?
 The word was invented by Star Wars.
 I think George Lucas might have come up with it or someone in the responsible for naming
 in the universe.
 Oh, that's great.
 There's an email here, "Headlined possible vindication for Andy," which I'm afraid we've
 got to read.
 No, we can't.
 We can't.
 "Lynse Vicnes writes, "On at least two occasions, the other three have made fun of you for
 the way you pronounce," oh god.
 Frontier.
 That's how you pronounce it.
 That's how you pronounce it.
 Yeah.
 And Houston.
 Yes.
 Houston.
 That's how you say it.
 Houston is how I say it.
 We say Houston and frontier.
 And what do I say?
 Houston and frontier.
 Houston and frontier.
 Got it.
 Okay.
 I may be able to get you off the hook.
 Off the hook.
 I've just been rewatching a documentary series called Coast.
 One of the hosts is Scottish, brackets Neil Oliver.
 And in the span of two episodes, he said those words and he pronounces them like you do.
 He also pronounces them in several episodes after that, so they weren't just a fluke.
 I seem to remember your part, Scottish.
 Maybe you're not pronouncing them wrong.
 Maybe you're pronouncing them Scottish.
 So that's great.
 I'm glad to be vindicated as maybe just a bit Scottish.
 But Neil Oliver is not.
 I don't actually know who Neil Oliver is.
 He doesn't just host Coast anymore.
 He's now one of the main hosts on GB News.
 Oh, really?
 And he's very much in the sort of vaccines make you ill.
 Oh, really?
 But he was such a normal, great host on Coast.
 Back in the day.
 Absolutely.
 It came out of nowhere.
 It was a sort of pandemic out of nowhere moment.
 Yeah.
 Oh, a health note for Dan, Isabella Wickstead writes, "I listened to your podcast before
 going to sleep.
 I heard Dan saying that his canines have disappeared in recent years."
 Yeah.
 Did you say that?
 No.
 We used to have them.
 You don't have them now?
 It's possible they were shaved off while I was having mouth stuff done to me as a kid.
 I don't like mouth stuff.
 I had a really experimental dentist.
 He was a giant German guy who did things to my face.
 Was it sorry?
 He said they're great.
 He was huge.
 George Eliot level hand size.
 He was...
 Sorry, what?
 Yeah.
 What are you talking about?
 What are you talking about?
 I had something that I, as far as I know, no one else ever has had before.
 Because this guy was experimenting in Hong Kong.
 He...
 What did he do?
 So I had an overbite in my...
 So my top...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 An overbite.
 Instead of rectifying it by just putting braces on, he put a piston system of metal inside
 my mouth, pulled my bottom jaw forward like that.
 So I had...
 So for the listener, my jaw is way in front of my...
 So he gave you an underbite.
 A huge underbite, which I had to keep for nine months, held by these pistons, and these
 pistons would go...if I open my mouth too wide, the pistons could come out, but most likely
 they would lock, and I would be stuck dribbling for about 20 minutes trying to get out.
 So it was a really weird system, and in that period, if possible, he shaved my teeth.
 Are you Frankenstein?
 I think he was, the monster.
 That's so weird.
 Yeah, it was really odd.
 I'm really surprised I've never heard that.
 We've known each other for more than 20 years.
 Yeah, I'm surprised.
 I've never heard that.
 Because the guy who did the theme tune for our show, our friend Ash Gardner, he's been
 on the show and so on.
 He went to the same guy as well, and Ash used to have a thing where he kept sucking his
 thumb as he was getting older.
 So what the guy put in was...
 Because he gave him revolving thumbs, special steam canisters.
 It sounds so steam punk, isn't it?
 Yeah, exactly.
 So what he put in was a metal contraption in the top of his mouth that had a spike.
 What?
 What?
 So every time Ash sucked his thumb, it would push the metal spike into him.
 No, stop it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 This is honestly what happened to us as kids in Hong Kong.
 This guy needs his license taking away.
 Is he still operating?
 Was this guy...
 Was he a sort of...
 Sadist?
 What was he?
 I don't know.
 My parents sent him to me.
 Have you ever seen the human centipede?
 No.
 Because he did have work afterwards.
 Yeah.
 Tan.
 Yeah.
 That's really traumatising.
 I would not have spoken to my parents for a few years after they made me do that.
 Imagine going to school with an underbite that was connected by pistons.
 I think once that's happened to you, speaking to anyone is not really an issue for quite
 a few years.
 Is this why your mouth has that chimney?
 That is really...
 It was really odd.
 Yeah.
 I feel like we should mention Isabel's email, which...
 Oh, yeah.
 Sorry.
 Sorry.
 I heard Dan saying his canons have disappeared in recent years.
 Yeah.
 Isabel, we've already answered a lot of your questions here.
 I made a note to email myself about it.
 "Dan, you should do a sleep study.
 I found out a couple of months ago at the dentist," - don't bring that up, Isabel - "that
 if you have unexpectedly straight teeth along the bottom, you may be grinding them in your
 sleep due to sleep apnea.
 Get it checked."
 Well, it turns out, Dan, you don't need to do that because your teeth were shaved by
 a German giant.
 Oh, great.
 Bye.
 You'll be hearing from my liars soon.
 Oh.
 Yes.
 That's some callback to last time when we said that Anna and I had hated it.
 Someone sent through a list of alternatives for me.
 No, Orion Slater.
 Amazing name.
 Sent through a list of...
 Orion.
 Orion.
 Orion.
 Wow.
 Like of belt fame.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Nice.
 A steely stare at the other three.
 A special gong.
 An improvised limerick directly relevant to matters discussed in the episode.
 Jesus, we don't have to wait 25 minutes for you to start with that.
 Just don't say anything at even more abruptly end.
 Yes.
 I'll interrupt you guys.
 No.
 I'll say pip pip.
 No.
 Thanks, everybody.
 Thanks for listening.
 Podcast at qi.com.
 We love getting these messages.
 Send us more.
 And that's all.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
