 Hi everyone, it is New Year's Eve if you're hearing this on the day that this episode
 drops. Wow, 2021, what a year, eh? Phew, dear goodness. Well, we got through it, we got
 through it and 2022 I'm sure will hold lots and lots of exciting things for all of you
 people and all of us as well. So what do we have for you this week? Well, we have a compilation
 of outtakes from our latest tour. We like to think that we are the pros, we've been doing
 this for 400 episodes, we've been doing it for almost 8 years, surely everything is so
 slick that nothing ever goes wrong. Well, if you've actually been to one of our shows,
 you know that things quite often do go wrong. Sometimes we say things that we can't possibly
 put out on the podcast, unless I very heavily censor them. Sometimes it's a really good
 fact and it just doesn't quite fit in the final edit. Sometimes the set just falls to pieces
 all around us and so what I've done is I've collected all those things together and put
 them into a compilation of all the craziest bits from the last few months of touring fish.
 Really hope you enjoy it. We'll be back with a normal episode for the first show of 2022
 for the time being. Hope you enjoy the show on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish. My name is Dan Schreiber
 and I'm sitting here with Anna Toshinsky, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Hawken and
 once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last
 seven days and in a particular order here we go. Starting with fact number one and that
 is James. Did you not bring your microphone? Do you know I'm so relieved about that because
 I forgot to bring my drinks on. All right, you two go off cover. Should we start again?
 So it turns out unbelievable. Listeners at home, James forgot to bring his microphone
 and I forgot to bring her drink. I can't work out which is worse. I'm here, Dan. Thank
 you, Andy. Dan, I don't think anyone's noticed. I think if we go straight to me, Dan, though.
 It's hilarious you didn't bring your microphone. I think what's funny is it was only when I
 was speaking. I started speaking and my voice is a lot quieter than normal. And you started
 looking at your empty hands and you were like, what? Amazing. Absolute pros. Eight years
 you've been doing this. Okay, it's time for fact number one and that is James. Okay,
 my fact this week. It's gonna make no sense in the edit when this show goes out. His real
 name is not Caravaggio. Yeah, he's actually called Michelangelo, but that name was taken.
 So he had to resort to where he was born. So Leonardo da Vinci, that's not his surname,
 it's of Vinci. That's where he's born. Same thing with Caravaggio. Michelangelo, Merisida,
 Caravaggio, of Caravaggio. So that just became his nickname. And do you know why he was called
 Michelangelo? No. It's because he was born, we think probably, on the 29th of December,
 which was the feast of the Archangel, Michel, which is also my birthday. Wait, your birthday
 is not 29th of December. September. Oh, did you say September? You said December. Yeah.
 But by the time the edit goes out, I won't have done. Is there a reason why clownfish
 are so good to experiment on? Do we know? I'm actually not sure. We probably mentioned
 it at some point in our 300 podcast, so you should go back and check. Just kind of funny.
 Yeah. Good looking. Yeah. Photogenic. You can fit a load of clownfish in the same car,
 which is useful for research purposes. That's something. And do you know why he was called
 Michelangelo? No. It's because he was born, we think probably, on the 29th of September,
 which was the feast of the Archangel, Michel, which is also my birthday. I was looking into,
 I was just looking into names of dentists. There's always that thing that if you're called
 Dennis, you're going to be a dentist, you know, more. There's the idea, and there's been
 lots of studies to show that Dennis or Denise, you'll be a dentist. And so I found a few
 names where it does feel like you're being pulled into it. So Rachel B. Pullin was one.
 And then in Rutland, there is a dentistry that are called Dennis and Deneth Stental Practice.
 What? You said that again. Denteth and denteth. Denteth. D-E-N-T-I-T-H and denteth. But when
 they get their braces off, they're going to have to change the name, aren't they? So good.
 In the 1960s, some women were taught how to breastfeed using sock puppets. Sock puppets.
 So they would, I mean, we're just doing the sock puppet symbol. Yeah. Well, there were
 knitted nitted breasts as well. So there were knitted sock puppets and then knitted breasts
 to kind of demonstrate how the baby latches on. So the sock puppet would suck on the knitted
 breast as opposed to the real breast? Yes, that's right. Like a weird punch and judy show?
 It's a very weird punch and judy show. In fact, I told one of our colleagues this in
 the office the other day, and immediately he said punch and booby. Yeah.
 There was also an advent Christmas clock, wasn't there, which had 24 hands on it. And
 so you would move the hand. 24 hands? Yeah. I'm sorry. 24 spots for the hand to move
 on. And so you would move it each day. And that was a primitive version of the eye talent.
 Your clock will be so cheap. You just want 24 hands on a clock. Just look at the relevant
 hand to know what the time is.
 Do you remember the time when they asked if they could put our podcast on British Airways
 flights? Yes. Oh, yeah. And they said, well, can you go back through your first 100 episodes
 and remove? We don't want anyone's where you mentioned plane crashes. And it turned out
 we mentioned it in every single episode. Yeah. It was bizarre. It was truly bizarre.
 It was so weird. Yeah. It was weird. We've already done it in this one. Yeah. Do you know,
 can I just say a non-orgasm thing to do with llamas, which is that llamas, there was a
 photo that was taken in the 20s, which led to an international incident where Tibetan
 monks, or monks, I think they were Tibet, were flown over. And there was a photo taken
 of them with llamas. Oh, yeah. Yeah. And this calls, so a llama with a llama was the idea
 that the British did when they brought them over. And it led to big problems because,
 so this was part of publicity for a 1924 film, which was filmed by a guy called Captain John
 Noll, who provided, for me, the greatest fact that I think I've ever brought to this show,
 which is he said that it's easier to escape a female yeti than it is a male yeti because
 female yetis have such long dangling boobs that before they can chase you, they need to
 chuck them over the shoulders and tie them like a scarf. Otherwise, they might trip on
 them as they're chasing you. And then the time it takes them to do all that, you can
 escape. So that's Captain John Noll who said that. And he was responsible for bringing
 the llamas to meet the lamas. Yeah. So he was the official filmmaker on the Mallory Expedition.
 He's the one who filmed the whole thing. He made it into a big movie. And it was a, you
 know, a Hollywood nominated movie. And it's still to the say, it's a classic. But the
 publicity that he did is what actually banned any more attempts from happening on Mount
 Everest, because the authorities were so furious about the way that the religion was parodied
 by having llamas next to llama. We weren't allowed to go back to Mount Everest for ages.
 That's interesting. That happened when I tried to put some bananas in some pajamas. It's
 also happened to me. Who are you? Who's the parodying? The bananas or the pajamas? I don't
 know. I haven't got that far. I'm working on the joke. Here's one really weird thing.
 I don't know if we can do this in the UK. I unfortunately found this way too late in
 the day to research this a bit more. But in other countries, this definitely happens.
 So imagine you're at home, right? Everyone and the bins have just gone out. And suddenly
 you realize that you accidentally threw away or must have lost something really precious
 in the trash. Yeah. Right. So what you can do and the story that I was reading about,
 it's in a bunch of places, but in Montgomery County in Maryland, you can call up your local
 trash place. And if the truck is still doing its rounds, they will separate the truck into
 a different area when it gets the dump, dump the entire contents out and you can come in
 to go through all the trash to find your lost thing. So it's a 10 ton pile of trash basically.
 They let you go in it. What would it have to be? Do you think? A wedding ring or a passport
 if you were leaving the country? Like things, a child can throw away a thing, right? Yeah.
 A child's teddy. If I lost one of my teddies in the bin when I was four, my parents would
 have both been in that rubbish dump for hours looking for it. Yeah. And on the FAQs, when
 you read their site for doing it, it says time available to work. And it says, we must
 clear out all trash that comes into the transfer station before our day is over. Therefore,
 we can give you a limited time of 30 minutes. We've had a few kind of TV formats that we've
 been pitching in the past. This is a TV show, waiting to be made, isn't it? 30 minutes.
 You're going to find your teddy in a whole bunch of shit. Yeah. And they sort of go,
 you might just notice your own personal black bag that you threw away amongst the 10 tons
 of black bags. Yeah, if you label them. Yeah, of course. I mean, don't you label yours?
 You're so labelled in, don't you? We've got to move on in a second. I've just got one
 more thing. I was looking into the telescopes and I was looking into numbers behind them.
 So this is a bit of a tangent. There's a number called Graham's number, which is so big that
 if you could imagine it properly, it would cause a black hole to form inside your head.
 What? No. Yes. That's just not what I understand about black holes. That's bullshit. No, it's
 not bullshit. It's real. Black holes form, right, when there's an enormously heavy mass,
 huge mass in a very small space, right? Yeah. This number is so big, there are so many digits
 in it, that if the smallest measurable space, a plank volume, was a digit and you had the
 entire observable universe to write with, you couldn't write it. Therefore, if in your
 head you could conceptualise every single one of those digits, a black hole would form
 in your head and destroy you. Wow. I've received an unexpectedly small amount of pushback on
 that fact. I'm thrilled. I'm not surprised you didn't get that job on countdown. I'm
 sure you guys know there's a plant that lives entirely off bat poo. We only realised this
 recently. It's a pitcher plant. You know those plants that are carnivorous and they're like
 champagne glasses, champagne flutes, and then insects fall into them and they eat them,
 but it was really confusing researchers because they weren't trapping any insects. They didn't
 have enough of the liquid in them. They were too big, but what researchers kept finding
 was that whole families of bats were nesting inside them. Turns out they've adapted, they've
 evolved to just become the home for hardwicks, woolly bats. This is in Borneo and they eat
 their guano. They attract them by basically they're shaped like this parabolic dish. Bats
 give out their sonar and then these pitcher plants are the only ones that are shaped perfectly
 to reflect that sonar straight back to the bat. That's amazing. Then they're like, "Okay,
 cool. That's the core of my home." Then they go to this plant, they go and live inside
 it, poo all over it, plant eats it up, and Bob's your uncle. That's amazing. There's
 another one that's in Borneo, I think, because I remember seeing it. It's like four, is
 it shrews as well? They do kind of a similar thing. They sit on the edge and then they
 kind of lick the pollen, but it's a laxative, so it makes them shit everywhere. The plant
 just goes, "Oh, yum." That's so amazing. It feels like the plant is a bit sentient
 there, right? I know you're going to say no, but okay, let's move on.
 There is a tunnel under Mont Blanc now. Oh, yeah. Is there? Yes.
 Like a rail tunnel or a rail tunnel? It's a tunnel. It doesn't matter whether it's
 old nuts. No, it's a road tunnel. It's a road tunnel, isn't it? Thanks, guys. Okay. Literally
 everyone in our audience knew that. Yeah, yeah. It's a road tunnel and it was started
 by one man who just decided to make a tunnel under Mont Blanc, freelance off his own bat.
 He was a count called Dino Lora Tatina. He was Italian and when he was growing up, getting
 between France and Italy around Mont Blanc is a massive pain and it took about 18 hours
 to make the journey and he called it an accursed mountain. He grew up in the shadow of it and
 he became a wealthy businessman. He owned a wool factory and he said, "I'm going to do
 something about Mont Blanc." He just started digging with no permission from anyone. He
 got 250 meters into the granite on the Italian side and the authorities eventually said,
 "What are you doing?" They stopped him and then it's fine. He was stopped, but by that
 point the plans were in progress and France and Italy eventually agreed. They were really
 nervous about it as well because it was only 15 years after the Second World War ended and
 they thought, "This feels like giving the other country a route just to pass military
 vehicles straight into our country," but they did agree on it and eventually it was
 completed in about 1962. So now the 18 hour journey takes 10 minutes.
 That's so cool.
 Yeah, I have been through that tunnel actually because we got a speeding ticket on the French
 side on the way in and then on the way out on the Italian side.
 Wow. What an example of learning nothing from crashes.
 I went to the dentist for the first time in two years the other day and I went because
 I had a bit of a problem and when I got there, the dentist misheard me when I said my name
 and put me down as Samuel Schreiber. I didn't correct her and so for the whole thing while
 she was setting it up, I was called Samuel Schreiber, which I thought was quite cool.
 That's a nice cool name. Anyway, it turns out when she found out my name wasn't Samuel,
 she gave me a lot of crap saying, "You can't do this. This is all in all the systems now.
 This is all the records." And she spent half an hour undoing it and then ran out of time
 and she wasn't able to look at my teeth. So I have to go back in six weeks with a pain.
 I thought you were going to say when she realized it wasn't you, the tooth that she pulled out,
 she shoved back in.
 But it is important to identify people by their dental records sometimes.
 Yes.
 You know, so if they say, well, we found Alastair Jedzky, James Harkett, Andrew Antemari,
 and someone called Samuel Schreiber, it's going to be confusing.
 It is confusing. Yeah. And I've got a painful tooth because of my dickheadness.
 Sea gulls use humans as taste testers. This is so weird. This happens at the seaside.
 There's a scientist called Madeline Goumas and she approached 38 gulls with a bucket,
 right? Each bucket had a flapjack in. Sounds like a riddle, doesn't it? A wonderful riddle.
 She would unwrap both flapjacks, right? And then she would pretend to eat one of the flapjacks
 for about 20 seconds. She's sort of mime nibbling away at it, right?
 So then she would put down the flapjacks. When sea gulls approached and got involved
 with the food that she'd just left, 19 out of 24 times, they approached the one that
 she had been pretending to eat.
 Sea gulls are way more interested. It could just be that they're dicks. And it's like,
 "Oh, she was really enjoying that one, so I'm going to steal that one from her."
 Yeah. I mean, her thesis is that they know that handled food is probably good for you
 and not going to kill you. But your theory also cuts a lot of ice, frankly.
 But also maybe the other thing is that it's discarded food. She ate it, she no longer wants
 it, so I'll take that and we're going to have a cool symbiotic relationship. It's like,
 "Cool, I'm not going to touch your good stuff."
 How many sea gulls have you met, Dan? Because symbiosis is not on their to-do list.
 When they steal a chip out of his mouth, it's like, "Oh, it's okay, I wasn't going to eat
 that anyway."
 That's nature. Good on you.
 More on the weirdness of a kid in the body is just a bit because we've mentioned a few
 things, but they have so little stuff that we take for granted. So they have no stomachs,
 they have no teeth, they just have to crush their food up against the roof of their mouth
 with their tongue, they have no nipples. So when the baby hatches and is in a little pouch,
 there are these glands which just leak directly out of their skin. They're very basic, basically.
 They have to pop when just for the baby itself, they have to kind of like curl up and pop
 it out of their bum, because they're an animal that is called like monohull, I don't know
 how to say it, monotreme. That's it.
 It's sort of fact number one about a kid on the Wikipedia page, they are a monotreme
 bum.
 Monohull. I missed that episode of the Simpsons. Monohull, monohull, monohull.
 They are one-hulled, it's their bum and they're everything, it's a monohull. So they bring
 it up and then the baby sort of pops out and obviously there's an egg which is cracked
 and it pops out and then they have a pouch, much like a kangaroo does, and the baby crawls
 along and it goes inside and that's where the milk is secreted into.
 Wait, are you talking about goodness? Yeah.
 That's not what happens.
 Oh, shit.
 How is the baby crawling along? It's an egg.
 It's what?
 The baby, the baby's in an egg, right? So the way the mother...
 Oh, it's like a kangaroo, isn't it? A joey who climbs up.
 I'm afraid that's the difference between your monotremes and your marsupials.
 Your Dolby dreams.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Okay, so...
 But it is very fun, the way they give birth. The mother, it's much harder than as a kangaroo
 because you can just give birth and the thing sorts itself out, clutches at your hair and
 crawls up.
 Right.
 As an echidna, you lie on your back and you give birth, the egg comes out in egg form,
 no legs, and they have to sort of shimmy it up their stomach. A bit like... Oh, you know
 that game where you have to get an after-eight down your forehead?
 I was just...
 And pop it in your pouch, and then it sits in your pouch for a few more days.
 It's a different game when the after-eight comes out of your vagina, isn't it?
 Right.
 Well, it kind of gets late, some parties, you know.
 My gosh.
 I was thinking, yeah, that ping-pong ball talent thing is a...
 Oh, interesting.
 They were the originators.
 Talent.
 It's a talent.
 It is a talent.
 Yeah.
 I haven't seen it.
 It is a talent.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I haven't.
 I thought they'd laid what was inside the ping-pong ball, and that's what shot out.
 I didn't realize that it was... Anyway, let's move on.
 In fact, we actually do need to move on to our next fact.
 That was the terrible insight into Dan's internal monologue there, wasn't it?
 I felt really alone there.
 I think you were alone.
 It was incredible.
 I also felt like everyone, 900 people were going, "Shh, just..."
 Let's see where it goes.
 Let's see where it goes.
 Quite similarly, she was the oldest person ever in a rap song.
 Ah!
 And again, someone just recorded her saying, "Je m'appelle, je m'pellement."
 What's happening, Dan?
 You broke the table?
 My table's falling down.
 I'm literally holding it up.
 You were telling such a good story, and they didn't want to do anything.
 I actually think we might all be one of Dan's terrible dreams.
 Can't fucking believe this.
 He's going to be naked and have to do an exam in a minute.
 Okay, don't lean on this table, okay, Dan?
 Holy shit.
 Don't touch it.
 I was literally, I was like, "Rawr!"
 Like, who are Atlas?
 You're like Atlas there, holding up the world.
 I like this.
 I was reading about this group of people that like to get to the top of a mountain
 or somewhere a bit hard to get to and set up a jacuzzi.
 And then they all hop in the jacuzzi,
 and they managed to do this on the top of Mont Blanc,
 which, even though a lot of people assume it's quite an easy mountain to climb,
 it's responsible for a huge number of deaths.
 It is a very hard mountain to get to.
 So they packed up all their stuff,
 and they managed to get this jacuzzi on top of there.
 And you can see photos of about 30 people who've gone through all the night
 treaching up there.
 Yeah, yeah, and setting it up.
 And using, it's heated by the snow with the system that they have.
 Heated by the snow?
 Yeah, so they have a system.
 And, oh shit, okay.
 [laughter]
 So, they put the snow onto these kind of really cool things that then heat up the water
 that somehow they've brought up with them.
 Have they brought water up?
 No, you wouldn't bring water to the top of Mont Blanc.
 Why would you do that?
 That's not necessary.
 Why would you do that?
 So, it was really hot because it was powered by snow.
 And, okay, so they get to the top.
 Here's the fascinating thing.
 They're on the top of Mont Blanc.
 And suddenly this Italian group that climbs up and they see them,
 and obviously it's a shock for anyone that suddenly sees a jacuzzi full of people
 and their swimwear on the top.
 But it just so happens this Italian group had already met these people in a jacuzzi
 on a previous mountain that they'd been on before,
 completely by coincidence, got up there and they're like, "You again?"
 And they now just think there's someone in a jacuzzi at the top of every mountain, don't they?
 Yeah, exactly.
 That's so funny.
 It is funny, and so it doesn't matter about how you can make a jacuzzi full of snow.
 This has not been a good one for me, guys.
 I'll admit that right now.
 It's been a shitter.
 We need to move on to our next fact, guys.
 Oh, can I just talk about an origin of life thing?
 Yeah.
 I really like.
 So there were lots of theories about where life started and most of my sensible scientists,
 but one was by an American homeopath at the start of the 20th century called Charles Wentworth Littlefield,
 and he was reported as a scientist and it was in all the news that he's found out where life comes from
 and the way he found it was he took some salt out of one of his patient's wounds
 and he looked at it under a microscope while thinking about chicken
 and he saw it turn into a chicken.
 Sorry.
 He took some stuff from a patient's wound.
 Some salt.
 Something like bodily salts, basically.
 He said, "Sift them out."
 He looked under a microscope and thought about chicken.
 It turned into the shape of a chicken, not a live chicken.
 That would be stupid.
 But he realised that by concentrating on any grain of salt,
 he could make it transform into the thing he was thinking about,
 and it was always inanimate until he thought about octopuses, tiny, tiny octopuses,
 and then he created live octopuses from these grains of salt
 and he concluded that this must be how life initially formed.
 Okay.
 Well, who was doing the thinking?
 That's the question.
 I suppose that's where God comes into it.
 What was the octopus bit, though?
 He thought of octopuses and they didn't turn to octopuses.
 No, they did turn into octopuses, but they were alive, so it was life.
 Sorry.
 Wow.
 Given that all this is complete bullshit, what is the outcome?
 Hang on, don't judge it just yet, because there is a theory as well
 that octopuses are actually aliens that came to Earth,
 and so that wouldn't be the original life, right?
 So this guy was probably just going through every single animal
 and then suddenly hit on the one that actually, if you stare at it long enough,
 does turn into a living octopus.
 I should just say that theory is also bullshit.
 I think it's demeaning us, James, to say it's bullshit.
 So what was he just crazy, this person?
 Yeah, he was just taken vaguely seriously in the news at the turn of the century.
 Wow.
 And you know, I like the idea, and who's tried it?
 Who's tried looking at salt and thinking of an octopus?
 Not me.
 Yeah.
 So don't knock it.
 Well, listen, okay, this half of the table thinks there's something to it.
 That half of the table doesn't it?
 I'm not signing up to this.
 Instead of the first car on the moon, we almost had the first pogo stick.
 What?
 There was debate, so as I said earlier, Apollo 15 was the first mission
 where there was actually a vehicle that was driven around.
 They drove it around.
 And they were there for three days.
 They drove it around for like at least six hours a day,
 which actually is just quite a long time to be driving.
 That's a lot.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And they had to wear seat belts.
 The seat belts really didn't fit.
 And they took ages trying to get the seat belts on, which seems so weird to me.
 How many obstacles are there?
 How many cars coming at you?
 There's a lot of rocks around them.
 There are a lot of craters and dips.
 Okay, I reckon I could hack it.
 I don't know.
 I'd rather seat belt.
 That's the main question at the NASA astronaut selection actually.
 Do you reckon you could hack it?
 Yeah.
 Come on then.
 Come on in.
 Anyway, there were lots of ideas for what kind of vehicle to design for the moon.
 NASA was very interested in a motorcycle at first.
 I thought that might work.
 And then there was the idea for a giant pogo stick,
 which would be manned by two people.
 I think sort of one on each.
 I feel like things that you do to get yourself along the railway tracks.
 You know, those things.
 That's not what a pogo stick is.
 No, but it's manned by two people, you know.
 Yeah, but so is a pedalo.
 A seesaw.
 I don't think the audience needed a simile for manned by two people.
 I just just didn't want to picture that.
 Maybe they'd each be standing at one end of the pogo stick,
 and then one would go up and one would go down at the same time.
 That is a seesaw.
 That's not a pogo stick.
 Yeah.
 Okay, look, we've drilled down and we've acetate that.
 I don't know what a pogo stick is.
 You are failing that NASA interview.
 If they're testing laboratories,
 dog food is often used to put down them,
 because it has a sort of, to simulate the stuff.
 It's got the same consistency as my poo, for example.
 Do you get it in jelly or in gravy?
 Okay, my poo?
 Okay.
 Sure.
 You know, there's quite a range of textures, isn't there?
 But I suppose that's to a poo and dog food.
 James, I want to split off and start a one podcast.
 Just on this table.
 There used to be a takeaway place near me
 that would cut off the top of a loaf of bread,
 and they'd hollow it out, and then they'd just pour in a stew,
 and they'd give you the bread back.
 That sounds great.
 It was a South African thing, I think.
 Okay.
 Say again.
 Bunny chow.
 Sonny chow.
 Yeah.
 Bunny chow.
 I don't think it was a bunny in it.
 I think it was a better option, but it's very nice.
 Well, on Christmas, very quickly,
 the aviator, he claimed to be the third person
 to fly in America, but we think he probably didn't,
 because his planes were all terrible.
 He kept inventing these really awful planes,
 so there was one called the Christmas Bullet.
 The wings were supposed to flap as you flew,
 but unfortunately, they crashed on his maiden flight,
 and then they made another one, and that one crashed as well.
 He made another design when it was a plane
 which had a huge hole in the top.
 His idea was, right, if you get a parachute,
 a lot of parachutes have a hole in the top,
 and that's because you don't want all the air
 to properly just get properly into the parachute,
 otherwise it might get a bit wobbly,
 so he thought, why don't I do that for a plane?
 Interesting.
 Right.
 I hope they tell you when you do a parachute jump
 about the whole thing, because I can't imagine
 how fucking terrified I'd be if my parachute,
 because I looked up, there was a huge hole in the top.
 Could be worse.
 James, when you said they have to have a hole in the top,
 I just thought, I thought you were going to say,
 because obviously, if the aero goes up in there,
 it just gets stuck in there and you just stay
 where you are in the sky.
 That's how that works, yeah?
 Do you know that, you may have seen it,
 actually, this is extremely cutting-edge
 soup news right now.
 Hines have just released a Christmas soup,
 which is very exciting.
 They've just announced it as a kind of PR thing.
 They've only made 500 tins, but it's got, you know,
 everything.
 It's got turkey, sprouts, stuffing, roast potatoes,
 pigs in blankets, gravy, cranberry sauce.
 Well, I mean, that sounds all right,
 because at least it's one course.
 Have they just mushed it all up?
 No, you get chunks of turkey and things like that.
 Oh, right, yeah, there are chunks.
 Oh, James, don't worry.
 There are chunks.
 But it could be worse, because in 2013,
 game, the video game people,
 they launched a thing called a Christmas dinner,
 which was for people too addictive to video games
 to cook anything on Christmas Day,
 and the top layer was scrambled egg and bacon.
 Then there was a layer of mincemeat.
 Then there was some turkey and trimmings,
 and then there was a Christmas pudding
 in the bottom of the tin.
 Where are all the quality street?
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Are you allowed to eat a painting?
 What do you mean, are you allowed to eat a painting?
 Legally, if you own a painting, this is...
 Of course, if you own it, you can do what you want.
 Well, you're absolutely right.
 OK, it's time for
 fact number three.
 Any more? Any more for that, no?
 Not really.
 Is that mid-busted?
 It's just, you know, would you be allowed to eat the Mona Lisa
 if you owned it, probably?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, you're right.
 Has someone put this in the statue books?
 Yes, they have. Thank you, Anna.
 Good question. Is the 1990...
 Oh, no, hang on.
 No, it is all right, actually.
 There are laws about works that might still be in copyright,
 so if it's within 75 years of the artist's death,
 or works that are protected
 under the 1990 Visual Artist Rights Act,
 you're not allowed to eat some of those protected ones.
 But the good news is, anything from Caravaggio's time
 is on the menu.
 Wow!
 That's interesting.
 We really had to pull it out of you,
 but 75 days after...
 75 days after...
 75 days?
 Yes!
 I was just...
 Okay, cool. 75 years.
 That's Christmas lunch sorted
 in the Hunter Murray household.
 Oh, boy.
 I think the very first-ever study of it,
 the long-beaked echidna, it's called,
 was published in 2009.
 And even then, the study author,
 who was a guy called Musee Opiang,
 was 500 hours studying them
 before even seeing one.
 Wow!
 Was he studying them, then?
 Really, for that first 500 hours?
 He was warming up. He was doing stretches.
 They are quite hard to find, though, aren't they?
 There was a guy, the first scientist,
 to study the testicles of echidnas.
 He did that by employing Aboriginal people
 to find these echidnas for him.
 And he always paid more for the females,
 because it was more hard to find the females.
 I think that of all you...
 It is much harder to find the females' testicles.
 Is that what he said?
 He did lots of studying,
 but he happens to be the first person
 to have studied the testicles.
 This guy actually committed suicide.
 He was a German scientist.
 He committed suicide in 1918
 while wrapped in a German flag,
 because he was so upset with the way the war was going.
 But, yeah, he was most famous, I think,
 for studying the testicles of the echidnas,
 and his name was Dick Seaman.
 What? Richard W. Seaman.
 Oh, my God, that's incredible.
 A, change your name.
 B, don't study testicles if your name is Dick Seaman.
 [laughter]
 Well, kind of...
 All right, Dan. I mean, the guy was obviously a troubled man.
 Let's not kick him while he's down.
 Okay, fair enough.
 Seriously, weird thing. So random.
 On soup, Ted Cruz, you remember Ted Cruz,
 came second to Trump in the primaries.
 2016, during those primaries,
 his wife revealed that after they got back from their honeymoon,
 the first thing he did was he went out to the shop,
 said he was going shopping, he came home,
 and all he had was 100 cans of Campbell's soup.
 And so she said,
 "We had to have a tough conversation."
 Well, I explained to him,
 "You don't come back with 100 of anything.
 "Low-loan Campbell's soup."
 He said, "You know you're not going to cook love,
 "so this is what I'll be eating for the rest of our marriage."
 And she was...
 Look, he didn't say to put it in those terms.
 Don't worry.
 Basically, that's what he said.
 She snuck out and returned them all the next morning
 before he woke up.
 And then she talked to her mum on the phone,
 and her mum said, "Are you going to cook for him, though?"
 And she went, "No, I'm a terrible cook. Can't cook at all."
 Her mum was like, "Go and get the soup back."
 She went and got the soup back.
 No!
 Yeah.
 Well, that's a beautiful marriage, right there.
 There's one cashier at the soup shop
 who has no idea about this whole story,
 just as a weird thing where some guy turned up, bought 110s,
 lady came and took them away.
 Yeah, then returned, demanded them back.
 "What's going on? Am I on a reality TV show?"
 Can I tell you one more trick?
 Yeah, we're going to have to wrap up in a sec.
 Okay, this is a trick by one of the greatest magicians of all time,
 Robert Houdin, who Houdini got his name from.
 This is the trick.
 He would take a handkerchief from an audience member.
 He would turn that into a file of liquid.
 He would pour that liquid on a dry twig.
 That would sprout and grow into a bush.
 The bush would then grow oranges on it.
 Robert Houdin would pick the oranges off the bush.
 He would throw them into the audience one by one.
 The final one, he would split open.
 Out of that final orange, two butterflies would fly,
 living butterflies, holding the handkerchief between them.
 No!
 And return it to the audience member.
 The butterflies would return it.
 And we're going to do that tonight, ladies and gentlemen.
 But unfortunately, no one has a handkerchief anymore.
 Sorry!
 Can I just tell you one more thing about postcards?
 In 2017, a Europe poll, so kind of like Interpol, but for Europe,
 they started trying to catch criminals through the mechanism of postcards.
 They developed these postcards,
 each one featuring one of Europe's highest-profile fugitives.
 And they said things like, "Dear Arta, Belgium fries are the best,
 "and we know you missed them. Come back to enjoy them.
 "We'll have a nice surprise in store for you."
 That was for a famous drug dealer.
 So did they send them to him?
 No, they just published them and made people aware that these people were on the run.
 Because they're going to say if he knew where he lived to send them a postcard.
 That's true. It's so true.
 Hi, David, we've been trying to get hold of you because there is still so much to discuss.
 Please get in touch soon, the police.
 So someone accused of multiple, quite serious sexual offences,
 and they won an award for it, and three criminals were actually...
 But there's sexual offences!
 They didn't win a... Sorry.
 Okay.
 It's hard, it's very hard to transplant testicles, obviously,
 onto a different part of the body.
 Oh, sorry.
 Why?
 So, actually, who's...
 What a shame.
 I got that thought around.
 Which part of the body was it?
 It's actually a lot easier to transplant testicles
 onto a different part of the body than into a scrotum.
 And this has been tested on rats.
 So, a few years ago, a team put a load of testicles of rats.
 They did some transplants,
 and they moved the testicles either into other rat scrotii,
 or onto the necks of the other rats.
 And it had a much higher success rate, the transplant,
 if the testicles were just put on the necks of the rats.
 Really? Yeah.
 But you'd be pissed off with your surgeon when you woke up,
 if they said, "Well, transplant wasn't successful."
 Of course, it was easier to do it onto your forehead.
 So, we've done it.
 I thought you didn't mind.
 It's so strange that you have a tiger with canine teeth,
 because they're felines, but they've got canines.
 You know what I mean?
 Yeah.
 That's weird, that, isn't it?
 It makes you think.
 It really does.
 What does it make you think about?
 It doesn't really make me think about anything.
 It just makes me think in a kind of abstract way.
 Bill Gates is intending to block out the sun.
 What do you mean?
 He wants to use some of his money to help scientists at Harvard University
 who are proposing an experiment that can hopefully stop global warming
 by sending a balloon up there, sending a load of particles into the atmosphere,
 where the sun's rays will come down, bounce off into space,
 and it will be less hot on Earth.
 I can't see that going wrong.
 No!
 I saw it, why not?
 Let's do it.
 Let's do it.
 I'm up for it.
 It's going to look like we're at a worldwide children's birthday party.
 That's quite cool.
 That would be cool.
 That would be cool.
 He's one of the few people in the world who has a McDonald's gold card.
 I don't know if it's connected to this.
 What's that?
 McDonald's gold card is where you can go to any McDonald's,
 you hand it in, and no matter what you've ordered, they give it to you for free.
 Oh, thank God.
 Because otherwise, how would he be able to afford a Big Mac?
 So we don't have it in the UK.
 What we have is the Nando's black card, which is quite a famous card,
 which I've experienced a couple of times.
 I have, yeah.
 A couple of friends of mine have had it.
 So Tom Davis, who is King Gary, he once had it.
 The other guy had to stop using it because he was...
 Good luck with the Nando's lawsuit, Dan.
 I am not saying...
 Good point. Let's edit that out.
 We're not saying that Nando's...
 We're not. Put it from your mind.
 There was an amazing thing that happened in the Netherlands at the start of this year.
 Actually, it was the end of last year, and that was that there was an Armenian family
 who'd been living in the Netherlands for nine years,
 and the country had decided they wanted to deport them.
 And they were like, "Well, we can't go back to Armenia
 because if we go back, we'll be in terrible trouble."
 And they said to the church, "What are we going to do?"
 Apparently, there's an old and obscured Dutch law that police aren't allowed to arrest someone
 in the middle of a church service.
 And so, the local church started a mass that went on for 24 hours a day for 97 days.
 Wow.
 While this family were living in the church.
 They started off doing it for a few days, a few days.
 Eventually, more than 650 clergy members were signing up to be the next person to do it.
 They kind of tag-teamed all the priests.
 Wow.
 And eventually, the government just thought, "Fuck this."
 And they went, "Fine, you can stay, you can stay, you can stay."
 Oh, really?
 I would have thought they'd go, "Fuck this, we're going to walk in and arrest you anyway."
 It's the law.
 You can't break the law if you're a government, can you?
 What?
 Well...
 Caravaggio died, maybe, of sunstroke, we think.
 Really?
 Yeah, this is what people have claimed.
 I couldn't define what their evidence was, except that.
 So, researchers, there's this big mystery of how he died, or shrouded in mystery.
 Like, was he murdered?
 Was he poisoned?
 Did he have syphilis?
 And they thought in 2010 that they found some of his bones, fragments of his bones.
 They studied his bones, these researchers.
 And they said, it showed signs of lead poisoning and syphilis.
 But they think what eventually killed him was sunstroke.
 And then the only evidence I could find that they had was that 1610 was an extremely hot year.
 What?
 That's the reason, darling.
 That makes sense, yeah.
 It's been quite cold this winter.
 In future, every single person who died this year, people will look at them and go,
 "I reckon that was the cold that killed this one."
 I'm not sure they were.
 I think they might be.
 It was a very heavy cold.
 A bit too much Nando, sir, I reckon.
 No, we can't keep that in.
 It has to stay.
 It has to stay.
 Who's full of tingers?
 Gates or Nando's?
 We'll find out when this episode goes out.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Very much hope you enjoyed that show.
 If you would like to get in touch with me, you can find me on Twitter.
 And I can be found at @JamesHarkin.
 Andrew Hunter Murray can be found on @AndrewHunterM.
 Daniel Shriver can be found on @ShriverLand.
 And if you would like to get in touch with Anna, you can email her on podcast@QI.com.
 We also have our group Twitter account, which is @NoSuchThing.
 And if you are the lawyers of Bill Gates or Nando's, or indeed anyone that we have libeled on this week's podcast,
 then it's Christmas, guys.
 Give us a break.
 We were only joking.
 Okay, listen, we'll be back next week at the start of 2022, can you believe it, with a whole new episode.
 So we will see you then.
 Goodbye!
 [Music]
