 "Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish. I'm Andrew Hunter Murray and I'm
 here with Dan Shriver and James Harkin. Andrew Hunter Murray. Hello and we're here to
 discuss not our facts but your facts. You've been sending them in. They've been flooding
 in to podcast@ky.com and you've sent brilliant facts and we're going to tell you your best ones
 now. Clear? Okay, great. Who's got a facts? I've got one. This one is from Ryan Mahoney and
 Ryan says best outfield ever. Question mark. It's a fact about baseball and according to Ryan
 in 1998, there was Cincinnati Reds baseball team with the players Dimitri Young in left field,
 Mike Frank in center field and Chris Steins in right field, thereby giving the world the
 Young Frank and Steins outfield. Incredible. Young Frank and Steins. And then he says,
 it's alive, which I think must be from the film. Yes, it is. I used to love the film. I haven't
 seen Young Frank. It's so good. It's Gene Wilde. Mel Brooks. In his haunt, Marty Feldman. Yes.
 With weird eyes. Yes. Hoking out. Well, those were just his eyes. Yeah. Yeah, but they were weird.
 Okay. That was his main, he made a living out of those eyes. He's a brilliant comedian. Anyway,
 it's such a good film. It's so good. Anyway, what is an outfield? Is it like long leg in cricket?
 It's more like your midfield in soccer or your defence in soccer. It's like people who are playing
 next to each other. They must have done that. They must have thought. It's such an expensive thing
 to just do for a name. You need a good team. I've got a baseball fact that I found yesterday.
 Oh, great. So I thought I would throw it and pitch it into the mix. Very nice. And it is that in 1957,
 there was a woman watching the Philadelphia Phillies in a baseball match. And she was sat in the crowd
 sort of on the side but quite near the front. And there was a stray ball hit into the crowd and it
 broke her nose. Okay. And then people kind of came to help her. And then the very next pitch was also
 hit into the crowd. And it hit the same woman and broke her knee. Is it that amazing? That's incredible.
 James, you've been to a lot of sports games. Has a ball ever made its way to you? Have you ever caught
 an object? No, I haven't. I always dream of it. Like if I watch cricket, for instance, especially if
 you go and watch like a one day cricket match where they're hitting it into the crowd, you always dream
 that that's going to happen. Right. But also James's hands are normally full because he's throwing
 coins at the ref. So that's, you know, that's the closest I got I reckon is a hockey puck. Oh,
 that's, but like as in hit that they have like a perspex screen in front of you and like it hit right
 in front of us. Oh, okay. That was the world hockey championship. It's probably good. They've got
 those greens because I can imagine that a puck. Yeah. No, that's going to be really sting. That's
 going to destroy it. I think it could kill you. Yeah. Really. I would say so. Gosh. I once I once
 had an odd moment at a Red Hot Chili Peppers gig. Oh, yeah. So I was really far into the crowd in
 the mosh pit quite far back. Let's say there's like 30 humans in front of me if you were doing a line.
 And uh, flea, the bass player is drinking from a water bottle, chucks it into the crowd. I stick my
 hand up and catch it. Yeah, it's still got water in it and I drink it about 20, 30 minutes later.
 Did you get your job afterwards? No, I got line disease. That's text. Otherwise, I'm really a joke.
 What happened? You started feeling strange. No drugs with water. No. Okay. Oh,
 30 minutes later, the drummer Chad Smith has a tall plastic red cup. You know,
 there's used to get a venues. He's drinking from it. He chucks it into the crowd. And with my left hand,
 I catch that. It lends at exact same spot. And so I'm standing there with a bottle from flea and
 a cup from Chad about 30 people back. And I kept them for years. My mum threw them away when I moved to
 the UK. That was a good call. They were really moldy. She threw them out the window. He was just
 happened to be visiting. But your hand did the air. What's this?
 That sounds like a dream. No, but it happened. Yeah. I believe you prove just a dream anecdote.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's really cool. Yeah. Thank you. I've never called any objects.
 Let's move on. That was from Ryan. I've got a Ryan fact here. So why don't we jump into that?
 This is sent in by Keith Moser, who writes that in 2010, Ryan Bingham won the Oscar for best
 original song for co-writing the weary kind for the movie Crazy Heart. That same year George Clooney
 was nominated for best actor for the film Up in the Air in which he plays a character called Ryan
 Bingham. So the same name. So I did a tiny bit of extra diving into it to see whether or not there
 were more connections between George Clooney and Ryan Bingham. And what I found is that Ryan Bingham
 got commercial success for the first time when a song of his was used on the TV show ER, which was
 the TV show that really launched George Clooney as well. That's good. Yeah. That's really the only one
 except for the fact that Ryan Bingham's Ryan is not really his first name, his real first name is George.
 But doesn't that mean that the original fact is wrong? I mean, he goes under the name Ryan Bingham
 as his artist name. Like George Clooney's character was called Ryan Bingham. Yeah. His name is
 George Bingham. Well, I haven't seen the movie. Maybe when he hands his passport over as he
 is getting on the plane, it says George Ryan Bingham. Yep. You're on board. Is that what it's about
 up in the air? He just gets in a plane. I think he's a frequent flyer. Yeah. It is genuinely what the film
 is about. And it's really good. Is it? Yeah. It's George Clooney and a Kendrick. Yes. And he flies
 around the world. I think firing people. Oh, but professionally. It's quite new, James, because you're
 a frequent flyer. You know, I'm always firing people. He's trying to fire. He's brilliant. That's
 what they should. That's what they should have called a film. Yeah. But his life is a bit up in the
 air. So I can see where they went with that. It's sort of frequent fire. It's a job that I think
 probably it doesn't exist anymore. Fixed a zoom. Very sad. We've lost so many of our traditions.
 Yeah. People who fly around the country firing people. Incredibly handsome man. Like it's the
 most handsome person you've seen in your life flies in, fires you, then flies off again. It would
 be so insulting. Would you prefer to be fired by someone hideous looking? I think probably
 would. Yeah. Yeah. And it'd take the edge off a bit. Yeah. Oh, interesting. I'd go the opposite.
 Just to sweeten it. You'd like to be fired by someone handsome? Yeah, I went. Yeah. Well,
 Dan, I need to have a chat with you after the show. Here's another fact. This is a great one. It's
 from Soam Mukaji and Soam writes that a plane has recently been found after being lost for 13 years.
 Okay. It was an air India flight that went missing in a parking bay at the Kolkata airport.
 Okay. But they've got they owned it and it just was it was just there. So they just left it in the
 parking. They just left it in the parking bay. Air India just simply forgot. It owes 83,000 pounds
 of parking fees. It was just covered in tickets. That's it. It would be lost beneath all the parking
 tickets. If you're going to hide the plane, that's a good place to hide it. You're absolutely right.
 And it's been there since 2012. Anyway, it's a happy ending because it's now been taken out and
 it's going to be used to train engineers. Oh, great. So it's having a successful afterlife. It
 probably was wondering what's happened to it. Yeah. It wants to be up in the air like in that film.
 Okay. Here is another fact from Russell Langer and Russell says, I don't think I've heard this one
 on the podcast. Well, you haven't Russell. It is that the outer bridge crossing the southern
 musk bridge between New York, New Jersey is named after a man called Eugenius Harvey outer bridge.
 We love these, don't we? You would hear something and assume that it's an adjective and it turns out
 to be named after someone. Do we think we've got enough for a book? No. Okay. Like a till book.
 I think we've got German chocolate cake. Yeah. French is mustard, maybe. How long are your
 bucks, Andy? How many words is there in one of your bucks? Like 80,000? We'll do a long padding
 introduction. The children's Python. We did that on a drop us a line recently. Oh, yeah.
 That's four we've got. So I'll ring the publishers and say, just hold fire. It's enough for a
 pitch. It's enough for a pitch. That's it. 1000 things you would think are called the thing for the
 clearly obvious reason, but actually they're named after a person. It's a good name. It's a good name.
 Didn't we? What was the one James that I think we almost ran on the show, which was like the
 Rolly Polly was named after someone called Michael Rolly Polly. Is it the blanket? Was it the
 Thomas Blanket in the 30th century? So there was a person called Thomas Blanket. And I think,
 so Anna and I have argued over this for many years, when we get drunk, this is all we talk about.
 But I think that probably what happened was there was already a blanket from the French
 Blanket meaning white or from the French meaning white. And then this guy, Thomas Blanket,
 who definitely existed, came along and popularized the name, but I don't think his name'd after him.
 God, I'm suddenly having flashbacks of like 2 a.m. in some hotel lobby drinking and you and Anna
 absolutely going for it. Hammer and Tongues, yeah. Yeah, so out of bridge, Eugenius Harvey
 out of bridge, his sister Mary Ewing out of bridge was the person who brought long tennis to America.
 That's good. So it had been taken to Bermuda from the British and then the Americans brought it,
 although in fact Mary Ewing out of bridge brought it from Bermuda to America.
 And there was, when they started doing it, everyone argued about everything about it.
 So the size of the court, the size of the net, the size of the racket, and the size of the ball
 was different wherever you played. Right. And so they had to bring it all together. And it was
 actually Eugenius out of bridge, after whom the crossing is named, who came up with the idea
 of forming the US tennis association. Oh wow. For bringing everything together.
 What's he called Eugenius? Eugenius. Eugenius. Yeah, so how's the spelling like Eugen and then?
 Yeah, Eugen without the E at the end and then I US. Because there must have been a moment when
 his life waited something stupid and someone got to say, you idiot Eugenius. It's like Eugenius.
 Yeah. It's like the reverse Nigel Farage. Brilliant. I got a fact that was sent in by Mimi. There
 is an unknown animal in the Burmese zodiac. Okay. The Burmese zodiac is quite interesting. There's
 a few elements to it. One of the main things is that to know what your zodiac animal is, is based on
 not the year that you were born, but the day of the week that you were born on. Okay. And so there
 are eight animals in this zodiac. Eight days a week. How does that work, right? They split Wednesday
 up into two days. So you've got Wednesday morning and Wednesday evening. And the animals associated
 with that as an elephant would tusks. And then in the evening, it's an elephant without tusks.
 Okay. Yeah. Because eight is a very lucky number out there. An elephant who's been to the dentist.
 At 230. Yes. And so the... Sometimes I wonder why I bother.
 You've just knocked a zero off your settlement payment when I fire you after this.
 I don't mind because you're so good looking. It's fine. So anyway, there is a mysterious animal
 on there. So I looked into it. I was born on a Saturday. Andy, you were born on a Saturday. Yes.
 So we are a dragon according to it. James, you were born on a Friday. You were born on a Friday.
 So it was Anna. And you were both the mysterious animal, which is, which is a guinea pig.
 I don't know. He said it was something that didn't exist. Well, it shouldn't have existed in the area
 when they were doing the zodiac. It's very confusing. They're not sure why it's on there. It's had
 huge debates because this is very old the zodiac. And yet, a guinea pig statue is everywhere in
 their temples. There's guinea pigs from South America. And there was no way you could get from South
 America to Myanmar at that time. I don't suppose. Exactly. And so there is lots of questions about what it
 is. So a lot of people have looked into it and they found similar animals that are in the area
 that it could be like the bamboo rat and so on. But, but it's known any nice animals.
 I feel bad, James, that we got dragon. You've got the bamboo rat.
 Here's another one. Yep. This is from Edmund Galaski. And Evan writes, I came across this news tidbit
 about a new proposal. And I recall you discussing past proposals for something similar in 2021 or 2022,
 Edmund's catching up. So Edmund, if you're listening to this in 2033, hello. But basically,
 it's about a snow tunnel. Okay. You know how you have indoor ski slopes sometimes. Oh, yeah.
 But they're a real pain in the bum because they're huge and they're very land hungry and energy
 intensive and all of this. And it's just like it's a big pain. Well, what if you just had a massive
 hamster wheel of snow and the barrel will be spun to about 31 miles an hour. And if you're a skier,
 you can just get in and start skiing and ski the hamster wheel down, down all the time.
 You're constantly skiing down, you see? Yes. And if you're new, you can latch onto a built-in
 stability apparatus, which is like it couldn't possibly go wrong and lead you to be dragged
 around this circle upside down. It is a nice idea. It's a proposal. But the interesting thing,
 this email came in from Edmund Golaski. Golaski. Yes, skiing, isn't it?
 Right. Very common ending. Yeah. So there's literally a member of our podcast who has it.
 Oh, yeah. And she would be quite good in the hamster wheel because she's a guinea pig.
 Beautiful. Beautiful. Right. Should we have one or two more? Yeah.
 Yeah, go on then. This one is from Paul Fuller. And Paul says the program McDonald's used to run
 their electronic menu display at their drive-throughs is called chips.exe. Very nice.
 Is that because they do chips? No. Because they do fries. They don't even know it's funny. Yeah,
 that's true. I think it's not, that's not why they use it. And also I don't think it's quite true.
 What was the corresponding name? Paul Fuller. Oh, Paul. It's hard to tell because this is like
 corporate secrets and stuff like that. It's hard to tell exactly what's going on. But I think
 what it is is there is a payroll software called clearinghouse into bank payment system
 or chips. And I think they put this software on a lot of their computers. And then they use
 those computers to put the electronic programs on. But the electronic programs are something else.
 But every now and then this program fails. And then you get an error message. And it says chips.exe
 has failed. And people see the chips.exe and they take a photo of it and put it on social media.
 And everyone goes, ah, look, that's the name of the executing program. But actually, I think it's
 just a background program. I think that's very, that's a very thorough harkening. I love it.
 The truth is I don't know for sure. But that's what my research points to.
 Well, don't we have an in with Zoe Hamburger, friend of the podcast, who like episode one of
 little fish, senior McDonald's executive. She'll pick up a call from us. She'll pick up a call
 from you because she'll fear that she's being fired. Absolutely. That's great research, James.
 Lovely. Don't you have one last one? Ah, yeah. This was sent into us by Ian Flower from Seattle,
 who says this fact is from the same body of water where we employ anti espionage dolphins.
 So you know, we spoke about these. Off the coast of Seattle. Yeah. Yeah. He's written, we've just had
 historic flooding. And apparently the local fairies are using spy goggles to dodge dislodge debris.
 And so he heard this from a local MPR station. I had a look into it. And it seems correct. Basically,
 there are a bunch of floating logs that are going towards all of these ships. If they get hit,
 they're going to get really damaged. Okay. So the debris in the water has a different heat
 signature than the water itself. So what they do is they have a member of the team who stands
 at the front with infrared goggles on and then yells to the captain, move to the left. We've got
 a log directly in front of us. The captain's log, brilliant. Well, he'd probably say Port, I suspect
 rather than move to the left. You never know. Maybe it's his first day. Sorry, I always forget,
 is left. Port or his left starboard. It's the same number of letters left is hard. That's how you
 remember it. Oh, that's really good. I always remember all there's no port left. Like if you're having
 a decanter report. Oh, yeah. Oh, that is good. But it's confusing because you say there's no port
 left. I should say there's some port left. Dan, how do you remember the port and starboards?
 I don't, which is why so many boats have crashed when I'm yelling out. Stop putting me on luck,
 guys. Jesus, there's a starboard. Who is it, clearly? Oh, Ryan Bingham's it. I think if you say
 there's a star on board. Yeah. And Dan thinks who's the biggest star? Ryan Bingham. What does Ryan
 Bingham's name begin with? Ah, what side is the starboard? The right. That's how you remember it.
 There we go. Yeah. As long as it's not a real emergency, we've got time to go through that every time.
 Right. Should we do some friend of the podcast? Yeah, custodian. Let's do it. Fact
 dishing out. Right. So everyone listening, if you join our Patreon, you can get a patreon.com/nosuch thing
 as a fish. And you join, you get all sorts of stuff. You get ad free episodes. You get bonus content.
 And if you join at the very top tier, you can become a friend of the podcast and we will dedicate one
 of our headline facts to you. So let's dish out a few of those now. I'll kick off. This is a fact
 going out to Karen McMillan, the 17th century prophet Dorothy Harling, would cure you of your sins
 by urinating on the afflicted part of your body, but would also whip you first. So a nice PG
 fact to start off. Congratulations, Karen. That's yours forever now. She was known as the perpetual spring.
 Urinating on her followers. So congratulations, Karen. I'm a no-take-you-backsees. That's your
 fact forever now. Okay, here's the next one. Homosexuality is illegal in Sudan, but a woman can
 have a female husband and a child can have a female father. And that fact now belongs to
 SoulTrump, S-O-L-E-T-R-A-M-P. Presumably an internet name, don't know.
 Could be a relation of the band, SuperTrump. Could be. Yes. If you get bitten by SoulTrump,
 you turn into a SuperTrump. So I've just, I've just looked this up in the archive. And basically,
 there's a tribe called the New Air. And if you're a woman and you can't have children,
 but you have a father who wants to pass on their property, you marry a woman who then has a child
 herself, and that child technically sort of legally becomes your child. So that is enshrined in law
 and society. And this was all about legal structures that people used to get around, sort of sex-based,
 like problems of difficulties. So we talked about the swan virgins of Albania.
 Oh, yeah. They were women, but under the Albanian sort of sacred law, they had the status of men
 that they lived as men. Okay. And this was a really common thing for sort of centuries. So there's
 all that kind of stuff. Yeah. Here's a fact now for Anna Wilson. The man responsible for the first
 computer, Colossus, worked out that the way to stop crashes was to not turn it off and back on again.
 Basically, if you turned it off, you were risking damage for when you turned it back on for things
 to burn out and so on. So the best way to have it functioning was just to leave it. Turn it on and
 just leave it. And let it let it work itself out. Yeah. I'm glad I've been doing that for years with
 my computers. That's fine. That's fine. That's fine. Should we have another one? Yeah. This one
 goes out to Kellen with two exclamation marks. I don't think you sold it. No, sorry. I could have,
 when you said that, I could possibly hear the first exclamation mark, but I definitely couldn't
 hear too. I'm going to do it again. This one goes out to Kellen. And it's the fact that in 2014,
 two botanists from Q Gardens checked a £1.29 packet of supermarket mushrooms and found three
 species previously unknown to science. That's incredible. It's so good. I think it might have been
 weight troze. Oh, well, of course. Of course. Yeah. That's the weight troze guarantee, actually.
 Isn't that weird? Because you would think those mushrooms, if you don't know what the species is,
 could conceivably be poisonous. Yeah. Quite a high proportion of mushrooms are poisonous.
 It's not the greatest food to discover new species of in a pack. Okay. I've got one more here.
 This fact is now under the custodianship of Mark Vent, who was in a recent episode and Dan said,
 I know Mark. I know Mark. Yeah. Yes. So friend of Dan Shriver, if not the entire podcast, does Mark also
 know Ash Gardner? He does. Yeah. Well, very good news for you, Mark, because Ash Gardner was the
 originator of this fact in episode 32. And it was that in 1060 BC, the entire Egyptian city of
 pyramasys was moved 20 kilometres north. So basically it was by the Nile and the Nile dried up,
 and they had to move the whole city. And Ash, I think, wrote a song about it. He did. And he also,
 for those who aren't familiar with his name, he wrote the theme tune for a fish as well. And that's
 why he was on the show. He also used to slip me the occasional fact. Famously, when sparkling water
 was being transported across from country to country and boats, they would take the bubbles out.
 And then reinsert the exact same bubbles back into the water when they got there. We still haven't
 checked to see if he's wrong. I think you guys assumed. Nice. Great fact. Let's do another one here.
 This is for Kay Sutton. And the fact is, in 1864, one of Charles Dickens' friends gave him a flat
 pack Swiss chalet as a Christmas present. Very nice. Yeah. This is now in Rochester. I've seen it.
 I've been there a few times. It came in 58 different boxes. And he had to create this beautiful Swiss
 chalet where he wrote a lot of novels. You've seen it so many and that, yeah. That's so cool. I want to
 send someone else did that for him. Did the building? Yeah, probably. Yeah. But his later novels,
 I think it was his later novels, were largely written in that Swiss chalet. Well, this is one of my
 favorite facts about Charles Dickens, because Rochester is in Kent, yes, where this chalet is. And I
 do want to go visit it, actually. But Rochester is also where there's a house, which was the inspiration
 for Miss Havisham's house in great expectations. And it's a house that was later lived in by Rod Hull.
 It wasn't the roof that he fell off on. And that's the one he fell off. It was a Rod Hull famous
 British entertainment who had Nimeo on his arm. He was very, very famous in the what, 70s and 80s.
 He went up onto the roof to fix the TV aerial. Yeah, he wanted to watch football match.
 Apparently, because Giles Brandress told him. Don't think that's true. Okay.
 I've heard a couple of different entertainers saying that they told him that. Could have been
 Bruce, he could have been woken, but someone, someone foolish told Rod Hull to go up and fix the
 TV aerial on his roof. And he fell off and died. Yeah. Miss Havisham's house. I can't believe it's
 Miss Havisham's house. I know. I didn't know that. That should be a little footnote in all future
 editions of the great expectations. Just as you're reading. By the way,
 I wonder who lives there now. Yeah. I'd love to live there. That's such a historical house.
 Timmy Mallet lives there now. Does he? Yeah, he does. The guy who invented the mallet.
 Sorry to all the international listeners. Let's have another fact.
 This one goes out to Johanna Kuivunin. I hope I pronounced your name right. And it's that
 neuroscientists can tell if you're a musician simply by looking at your brain.
 And I imagine this is the brain activity rather than opening up your skull and having a look at the
 tissue. And this is all about neuroscience and how musicians brainwaves synchronize when they
 have a duet together and all sorts of stuff. And turns out it's in the brain. The music.
 Do you think our brain synchronized when we're doing this show? 100%. I do. Yeah. What about when I'm
 saying an anecdote and you're just completely glazing over and not paying attention? And I'm doing
 my emails on my phone. Yeah. I have to be in sync because I know when the anecdote ends. So
 we're apart but together. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Where did they say that that does happen
 with heartbeats, with strangers? Is it during watching a movie? What's the cinema? Yeah. Like you
 blink and sink. That might be a fact that comes up later. Yeah. Yeah. So I can I can actually believe
 that our most intimate rhythms would be united during a show recording. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
 Exciting. I haven't had a period since I'm a left. Too much? No. I don't think so. I'm sure you
 should have not pregnant though. Okay. Here's another one. This one is for Richard M.
 During the Second World War Jack Warner of Warner Brothers realized his studios were indistinguishable
 from a nearby aircraft factory. So painted a huge sign on the roof saying Lockheed that way.
 That's very funny. Yeah. That's very good. Yeah. That's I love I love
 anyone who paints on the top of a roof because it's often used. I just love those guys
 unless it's Rudolf. You love people who paint on the top of buildings. I love walks in the countryside,
 champagne and people who paint on the top of buildings. When is your when is your book coming out, Dad,
 and a thousand great people who paint on the top of buildings? I think it's not long after your book
 on people whose names are what the thing is hitting the shots. I'll see you with the charts.
 I remember there's one where someone had painted on the top of a roof as people were landing into
 LA. Welcome to San Francisco. You know, things like that. Yeah. That's fun. You know, it's fun. Yeah.
 You know, it's great. Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. The guy from Warner Brothers, he could have
 painted a fake tunnel on the side and there'd be a cliff or something.
 Right. That's your lot for this week. Thank you so much to all those who've joined at the
 friend of the podcast here. That is Richard Johanna K Mark Kellen Anna Soultremp and Karen.
 We're going to be doing another batch of these in a week. We hope you've enjoyed it. If you'd like
 to see more things that are available on the Patreon on Clubfish, just go to patreon.com/nosuchthingsoffish.
 Thanks very much and keep the emails and the facts coming in. They're absolutely brilliant and we
 love them podcast at qa.com. That's it for this time. Bye for now.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
