 Hi everybody, Andy here. Just before we start this week's show I have a little
 announcement to make. We're in Plug Corner because I have written a book. I
 have offended again against all the people who say don't, don't do another
 one, just stop at two and I've written a third one and this one for the first time
 ever I've written something that is fun and funny as well as being gripping. It's
 called a beginner's guide to breaking and entering. It's about a young man
 called Al who lives in gorgeous empty second homes while the real owners are
 away. He's got a whole set of rules to help him get into these beautiful houses
 he could never afford to live in. He has a great life until about chapter 3 when
 he and his friends break into the wrong house on the wrong day, somebody ends up
 dead and everything goes wrong from there. It's funny, it's gripping, it's
 pacy. There's a little bit of a message about housing in there. It's a perfect
 summer read, people have been really nice about it. Val McDermid, Lisa Joule, some of
 the Queens of Crime have been incredibly kind about it. It's out on the 25th of
 April so if you order it now you will be among the first cohort globally to
 receive your gorgeous copy and they're really nice looking copies. Please do
 pre-order it, it can really be the difference between a book flying and
 not flying if it has a few pre-orders under its belt before that crucial first
 week. It's out in all good bookshops, it's out in all bad bookshops, it's in most bookshops
 in the Commonwealth basically. All you need to do is go in and say I would like
 a copy of a beginner's guide to breaking and entering by Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Waterstones even have signed copies if you'd like to get a hold of one of those.
 I promise it's good, I've put a lot into it, I'm gonna stop banging on about it
 now. It's called a beginner's guide to breaking and entering. Thanks very much for
 listening to this. On with the podcast!
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the Kiwai offices in Hobon. My name is Alex Bell and I'm
 joined by Anna Shusinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin and once again we
 are gathered around the microphone to share our four favourite facts from the
 last seven days so in no particular order here we go. Starting with fact number
 one and that is Andy. My fact is that half the nitrogen in your body was made in
 a factory. Which factory? It won't have been made in the UK anymore because of
 Brexit. It's a range of factors. But the last nitrogen making factory I think has
 just shut down. Is that the billing of manufacturing plugs? Yes it is.
 Has that closed? I didn't know that. It either has done or is about to but let's
 zoom out a little bit. Just thinking though. Even if it's just closed,
 surely it takes a while for all the nitrogen to be replaced so maybe some
 of it's British nitrogen in my body? You might have some British nitrogen in you
 but I'm afraid a lot of it would be filthy foreign nitrogen. Right, all
 life forms, don't write in, most life forms, mammals and plants all contain
 nitrogen. It's a really important component in your body. It's required to
 make the protein in your body and all these various hormones, neurotransmitters,
 it's vital. Nitrogen is very important and most of the air is nitrogen,
 78% of the atmosphere is nitrogen but that's not where you get your
 nitrogen from. So you can't just breathe in the nitrogen from the air and get it in
 your body? No, even if you hold your breath for ages, none of the nitrogen
 goes in that way. It doesn't work. For a waste. What a waste but you get it from
 your food. So meat, fish, dairy, vegetable, cereals, nuts, all of those foods
 contain some nitrogen, right? So plants get it from the air. I mean there's a
 complicated bacterial process. That's all we'll get there.
 Or lightning. Or lightning and that's another way. We'll get there as well.
 The point is that about two or three kilos of your body, roughly half of your
 forearm to the end of your hand, is nitrogen. Is that where it all is?
 So the amount of you made in a factory is roughly your hand and wrist and that's
 because nitrogen-based fertilizer has become an enormous thing in the last
 century. It's incredibly important. It's why the human population has risen from
 one or two billion to now eight billion. The sole reason is that we have enough
 ways of feeding people because we have enough fertilizers to grow crops and
 the way we do that is with this brilliant chemical process discovered at the
 start of the 20th century which allows us to pull nitrogen from the sky and make
 it into fertilizer to make plants grow. Does this mean I'm not organic? Yeah.
 That's the point of buying all that nice food. Nitrogen fixation. Do you remember
 learning about that? That was where I sort of lost interest and now coming back
 to it I thought, God this is fascinating. But poor old nitrogen being told it has to
 be fixed. So there's this conundrum which Andy sort of touched on where it's
 the air's full of it but plants can't take it in without assistance and so it
 needs to be fixed by these bacteria that basically make plant roots grow these
 nodules which act as their homes and then they live in these nodules and they
 fix this nitrogen turning into ammonia which plants can use. And the nitrogen
 came originally from a star exploding. Ooh. That's essentially it. Didn't know that?
 The big bang can make hydrogen helium but anything else needs to be made in
 stars. The original nitrogen factory is a star. Yeah exactly. So some star created
 lots of nitrogen then it exploded. Eventually it came to Earth. Then
 eventually it got in the sky. Then eventually a bacterium fixed it and then
 it got put into a carrot and then you ate the carrot and then it went into your
 bloodstream and then it got turned into proteins which got turned into muscles.
 It definitely gets less exciting. Part of the journey starts off really well and
 then it's sort of sitting in a carrot. Yeah so how did we learn to make this
 stuff? Oh I'm so glad you asked. Oh it's like inside the factory with Greg Wallace.
 It's all thanks to something called the Haber-Bosch process or Haber-Bosch
 sometimes known. So Flitz Haber and Karl Bosch were two German chemists and the
 problem was like everyone knew that we needed more nitrogen at the time but it
 was very hard to work out how we're going to actually get it. And you know what we
 talked about? Guano, like the Guano Gold Rush because bird poo contains lots of
 nitrates. So that in the 19th century was used to increase crop yields and that
 saved everyone's bacon and you know it was brilliant for a while. They ran out of bacon very
 nice. Talking about the Haber-Bosch process. Can I talk about bacon? You know bacon is
 most bacon is cured with nitrates as in that's what makes it last longer which
 is a type of nitrogen or it's a molecule with nitrogen in it and when
 it goes green bacon that is something called nitrate burn and it's a
 reaction to the chemical that's used to cure it and it means that it's still
 good to eat. So if your bacon's got a bit green you can still eat it. Amazing. It's
 not bacteria, it's not anything that's bad for you, it's just a natural part of
 the process. I thought it was rotten. Yeah. I thought my bacon had gone off. I'm not
 saying that all green bacon is good to eat. That's what I've taken away from this.
 But if you bought it only a week ago it's probably fine. Sorry Andy you were
 saying about Bosch and Haber. Haber. Yeah so basically he was a chemist and it was
 a very difficult process to work out. He knew that lightning as you said
 James breaks apart nitrogen bonds because nitrogen molecules are really
 tightly bonded. It takes a lot of effort to break them apart to turn them into
 ammonia but eventually he worked out sort of pressurized process to combine
 nitrogen and hydrogen and that makes the ammonia fertilizer and he developed
 that in 1913 Haber and it was just before the war and there's a theory that it
 actually kept the first world war going for longer than it should have done
 because German imports of fertilizer were blockaded but he was able to he had
 created a process where you could make as they called it bread from air. So if we
 stopped any poo from getting over to Germany during the war they could make
 their own stuff. Exactly. Yeah basically yeah I mean that was it. And he got the
 Nobel Prize for it didn't he which was extremely controversial. It was very
 controversial. On the cover of his other legacy. Yeah because he made poison gas.
 Right. That's so funny. I can't believe the Nobel Prize in 1919 went to someone
 who'd invented which gas was it was it? Chlorine. Chlorine gas. It's bad. It was quite
 controversial. Yeah. He did kill 90,000 people with it. Not he didn't go round
 personally spraying it into the trenches. Yeah he was responsible for the birth of
 arguably six billion. Yeah absolutely. And round the bounce. Do you think on like
 interviews and stuff he's like I don't want to talk about that. I want to talk about my
 Nobel Prize winning work. Because his wife Clara was a chemist as well and they
 had a huge dispute after the I think the first battle of Ypres where poison gas
 was used for the first time and killed thousands. He said it was no different
 killing someone with a bomber bullet. She said it is very different. And then
 she she killed herself. She shot her. The ultimate axe in an argument. We don't
 know for sure that the argument is what led to the suicide. I really believe any
 notes or anything like that. But we know she really she's fascinating Clara
 Haber and or Harbert if you're a German listening. She was Germany's first female
 doctor of chemistry. She got a PhD in 1900. And she turned him down. The first
 time Fritz proposed she turned him down because she wanted to be financially
 independent. Which is crazy in 1900 as a woman. But she'd gone hey I want to live
 under my own steam. And then she decided marriage would kind of empower her which
 it bloody well didn't. Which she did complain about. Understandably she was
 like hang on my husband turns out to be very self-serving constantly working. I
 don't have a chance at all to develop my career. And he's a mass murderer. And it
 turns out he's a mass murderer and that's the final straw. And he was like no no
 talk about that other stuff. Did you see pictures of her? I think she looks a
 bit like Fanella Dan's wife. Oh do you? Yeah I haven't seen a photo of her. I'm not
 very good with faces as we all know. And that was what I thought. And do you
 associate Dan with Fritz Haber the mass murdering but mass life producing
 complex character? In some ways. But I think Dan is more of a wife guy than Fritz
 Haber was. So then Haber escaped to Switzerland wearing a false beard after
 the war. Amazing. And then after World War One because obviously we had then
 had the Treaty of Versailles which really punished Germany right. And so he
 came up with the idea of extracting gold from the ocean to pay off all of the war
 reparations. Because he knew that there was loads and loads of gold in the ocean.
 And he thought if I can get at that we'll be rich beyond our wildest dreams.
 It doesn't work. And actually we still can't do it of course. What's the term that I think
 you've told me about Jamesford when Nobel Prize winners win a prize and then
 they come up with a really insane and subsequent idea? It goes to their head.
 Nobelitis. Nobelitis sounds like a serious case. But if you've done it once but you've
 literally made bread from air. The human population is going to grow by
 billions. From the guy who brought bread from air comes gold from the ocean.
 It works. I believe it.
 And actually, sort of associated, the Nobel Prize in 1935 was awarded for
 basically being able to turn an element into another element which was the
 alchemy that people had dreamed of forever and ever. That people had tried to
 make gold and actually this was turning boron into nitrogen which wasn't quite
 the fantasy of a 17th century alchemist. But like these factories were
 taking already existing nitrogen out of the air and making it into ammonia which
 could be used. But Marie Curie's daughter who won that prize, right? I remember her
 name. But that was actually making new nitrogen which no one had ever done
 before. Totally. So this was amazing. And I didn't realise that. She was the second
 female to win a Nobel Prize, Marie Curie's daughter. Was Marie Curie the
 first? Yes. And it was Leppo, baby. But it was husband and wife as well. So just
 like Marie Curie and her husband Pierre who won a joint prize. Sweetly, it was
 Marie Curie's daughter Irene and her husband Frederick Joliot Curie who won
 the Nobel Prize in 1935. Do you think that maybe they didn't have a chance
 unless you sort of did stand behind a man a bit and then? I'm sure there was
 something about that. Although her surname was Curie so I think that probably
 helped. I think that opened a few doors. And also her way of making nitrogen was
 firing radioactivity at Boron, wasn't it? I think. Yeah. So it's kind of, you know,
 in the parents' realm. Okay. Yes, she probably had her equipment in the
 garage already. And if memory serves I think she died of leukemia, didn't she?
 What, the younger? I think Irene did. Related to the work she'd done? I'm sure.
 I'm gonna be honest, I'm going off memory but I think that's right. Because Marie,
 it was the last thing that Marie almost did, was see the results of her daughter's
 successful test before she died of leukemia. Yeah, nice. One thing on the
 Billingham manufacturing plan. Oh, thank God. Thank God. Instructs nontes in England.
 We'd better get a free trip. Out of it. It's closed. I'm not going to close down.
 I've had worse daytrips out of it, you know, I credit Cardiff.
 Aldous Huxley went there. They gave him a trip around and he based some of Brave New
 World on it. So you know in Brave New World they like have a factory making
 humans, I think, don't they? Yeah. And like, yeah, they make clones and stuff like that.
 Yeah. And he saw this Billingham factory that was effectively making life by
 making this nitrogen. I am imagining like Willy Wonka style, like it's so
 whimsical. It's a reverse Willy Wonka, because in Willy Wonka don't the kids
 go in and never come out. Whereas in Brave New World you get loads of new kids from
 the factory. The kids do come out, they just come out all weird shapes and
 colours. They've all been really quite fucked up psychologically and physically.
 Every chocolate factory has a nitrogen factory next to it to make new children.
 I learned about what I think is the most exciting moment in history. In all of
 history. As we said at the start nitrogen is essential for life because it makes
 amino acids which make proteins and that's like the whole building box of
 what all living things are made of. But there's this kind of mystery which is
 how did the first life get its nitrogen? Because as we've said it needs this
 bacteria to be made accessible. And it can also be made by lightning striking
 through it. But actually not enough seems to be generated by that. And it
 seemed quite unlikely and it seems like the likeliest explanation for where the
 very first life ever came from. God. Whatever, three and a half billion years ago is
 God. And there we go. That is exciting. Wait, this is like the original chicken and egg
 really. So what is the answer? The answer is it happened with volcanic
 lightning. Which I just think is the coolest moment. It's so basically when
 volcanoes erupt then lots and lots of lightning can be generated from the
 eruption. It's when all this ash goes up it's a really complicated process.
 But basically that ash rubbing against each other makes static electricity.
 And if you look you've got loads and loads of lightning bolts, hundreds of
 them in this volcanic eruption. And scientists have looked at the soil
 around volcanoes, seen they're full of nitrates which plants can use. And
 realise we think this must be how the first life ever was created was when
 shed loads of lightning was firing above a volcano as it was erupting and it
 allowed nitrogen to get into the soil in a way that could make ice.
 That isn't like an origin story I can get behind. I'm so glad it wasn't just
 like oh this cell touched this cell and a fish flopped out of a thing and like
 all of the other origin stories are so lame. That's like Frankenstein
 electricity, evil laughter, lava. So metal.
 James you just mentioned the Treaty of Versailles. Yes.
 So the Haber-Bosch process is so significant that it was part of the
 package of the Treaty of Versailles. No, was it?
 The Western powers ordered via the treaty Germany to hand over the secret of
 making these fertilisers. Really? That makes sense.
 All sorts of stuff they cobbled on to the Treaty of Versailles.
 Crazy shit. We've mentioned it in the past and I can't remember what it was.
 Something else that's really random. Champagne.
 They also didn't they want to change the way that orchestras were tuned.
 Yeah, yeah. That's it. Like there must have been like and another thing.
 It's like having an argument with your partner. Yeah, it starts with something
 else and you're like I'm just going to dredge up all these other things.
 Yeah, the ultimate argument with a partner. What? What's champagne? Sorry.
 Oh, the fact that champagne can only be made in the Champagne region and
 anywhere else. It's sparkling wine. That comes from the Treaty of Versailles.
 That's it. I didn't know that. Wow. I was thinking like
 surely the French already had champagne. The interesting part of that being that
 Russia didn't sign it and America didn't sign it and in both those countries
 you could buy champagne which isn't from France.
 No way. America didn't sign the Treaty of Versailles.
 I think the little known fact, the First World War is still going on.
 They had their own treaties. They did.
 Do America and Russia have a good culture of champagne?
 Are they known for a good champagne anywhere?
 California and white wine. Yeah, that's true.
 You must be able to make good champagne out of that.
 Yeah, just sticking Alka-Seltzer in it.
 Bob's your uncle.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that Harriet Tubman once walked into a hospital
 and asked a doctor to cut her head open and he immediately did.
 Just mad. So Harriet Tubman, extremely famous in America, probably less well known about here,
 I would say, but you know one of the most influential famous abolitionists ever.
 One of the conductors of the Underground Railroad, responsible for smuggling lots of
 enslaved people into freedom in the 19th century and one thing that I've learned through reading
 about her, she was insanely hardcore. So tough. So and this is just an element of it.
 She was very old at the time. She must have been in her 60s or 70s, I think in the 1890s
 and late 1890s. She's in Boston and she passed this big building and she asked what it was
 and someone said it was a hospital and she thought, "Well, I've had these terrible headaches my whole
 life. She really had had awful like headaches and like terrible vision problems. I was probably
 disabled by it." So she went right in and she said, "I saw a young man there and I said, 'Sir,
 are you a doctor?' And he said he was and then I said, 'Sir, do you think you could cut my head open?'
 And he said, 'Lay right down here on this table.' And Son's painkillers, he soared open her skull
 and raised it up apparently. And then as she put it, she got up, put on her bonnet and started to
 walk home, but her legs did get a bit wobbly and give out under her. So they gave her an ambulance
 to take her the rest of the way." It's astonishing. Yeah, sorry, some questions.
 When you say he raised up, it isn't like a loft extension of her skull.
 Was her brain too big? What is going on? I think this was a slightly questionable
 medical procedure, which she said worked and may have been more placebo than much.
 She didn't go and say, "My brain is a bit low." My brain's a little bit low in my head.
 It's always been my neck. Did she just wrench it? Well, she did say it feels more comfortable now.
 Apparently, she yet refused anesthetic, bit of bullet, as they did in the Civil War.
 That is actually, I'm afraid, a myth, but it's a very interesting subject you raise, Alex,
 because it's the mythology of her life which has been so turned into all these stories.
 Because I personally don't believe any of this. It sounds ridiculous.
 It's interesting because the more you read, you're like, "That's a great fact." And then you read
 again, someone goes, "No, that's a myth." And then a lot of the myths come from relatively
 close sources, don't they? Like the first biography I've heard that was written,
 there's loads of myths in there. She never got to write her own. She wanted to write her own.
 She never got to. Is it? What, you need to learn to read first, hon? Yeah, that's true.
 Have you heard this story? That's why I decided to do a fact about it.
 On the reading, did you hear, I imagine this could be in a proctovoltaire as well,
 but there's a story that she was many years after all of her time running the Underground Railroad,
 that she was on a train and a former master of hers got on. And she was a known figure by that
 point. But, and so to avoid being recognized, she grabbed a nearby newspaper and pretended to read
 it because she was known for not being able to read. Oh yeah. And then who was on the front cover
 of that newspaper? The face was lined up perfectly without the wanted sign here.
 No, I think it's probably untrue. Because I've had a different version of it, which is that
 when she was on one of her missions, because she left the South where she'd been enslaved and she
 went back to free former slaves, and you know, she did a lot of that,
 shuttling back forward. But she was back in the South in 1856, and she overheard some men reading
 her wanted poster, right, which said clearly she's illiterate, and then she got out of book and
 pretended to read it, and the ploy was enough to fool the men. And they were like, she looks just
 like Harriet Tubman, but she's reading, so it can't be her. Yeah, yeah, yeah, she's reading a normal
 book upside down, but why would you put on the wanted poster that... She can't read,
 isn't it? Yeah, exactly. And also, I think the idea that people even knew who she was at the time
 is false. So they knew that there was a person who was helping all these enslaved people be freed.
 They knew that people were calling them some kind of Moses, because they were free in their people,
 but they didn't know anything about her personally, and a lot of people assumed it was a white
 abolitionist who was helping enslaved people. But it is interesting, because a lot of the
 stuff you read, you just think that can't be true, and it's not to do down her amazing achievements
 at all, but it's to show that she's become this unbelievable cult figure. It's almost mythological
 with some of the stories around her. Yeah, we've got to tread quite a careful line between slamming
 one of the most beloved and famous women in American history, and also sort of ignoring it,
 because she does amazing stuff. I find her the most incredible person, one of the most
 incredible people ever. I don't have the energy sometimes to finish the research with this podcast,
 and this woman, she was very disabled, she was female, she was black, she was enslaved,
 just this extraordinary life, and she fought in the Civil War as well. She, after being this
 abolitionist hero, she fought in the Civil War, she was incredibly charitable. I don't understand
 where she got the energy, and it actually makes me quite angry. Her injury, her disability came
 when she was injured by an overseer who threw a stone weight at her head when she was quite young.
 He actually threw it at someone else, they're thinking it missed and hit her.
 Is that right? Yeah. Oh, that's bad luck. But yeah, she had sleeping spells quite often,
 so she would just kind of fall asleep, what we'd probably call narcolepsy today. But she would have
 like these kind of hazy dreams while she was asleep, and because she was very religious,
 she thought they were kind of premonitions from God. It's quite stressful, the idea, let's say
 you've been enslaved, Harriet Tubman's come back, she's freed you, she's guiding you to the north,
 and then she just falls asleep. It's a bit of a comedy scene.
 There is sick or potential in this life, is what I'm saying. I think that might be the first time
 ever someone said there's sick or potential in Harriet Tubman's life. She went back, she freed,
 and the numbers vary, so she rescued 60 or 70 people herself personally, and then she gave
 instructions to another 70 odd, and that got slightly inflated to 300. But she did go back,
 I mean, between about around 10 times, she made a mission back into the south, which was really
 perilous. She also went back at one point to go free her husband, who she'd left, came back, found
 that he'd remarried, and there's a line which, again, is probably just a biographer, sort of like
 she thought about making a scene, but then decided against it and rescued him anyway. But it's like
 the idea again of like the sort of two minutes where she's deciding whether to massively kick
 off another woman or to save you. Well, he didn't need to be rescued per se, because he was not
 enslaved, he was a free man. Which was kind of a big deal at the time, because a free man marrying
 an enslaved woman, you would lose a lot of your rights, because all your children would be automatically
 enslaved, you wouldn't be able to get married unless you had permission of the woman's master,
 as they called them. Yeah, so that was quite a big deal, but yeah, like you say, once she was off
 doing her gallivanting, he was like, "No, I'm just going to find another wife now." Again, the sitcom
 is taking shape. One sweet thing I do like is that when she retired eventually, she retired
 into a retirement home that she had founded. So she, in 1908, she opened the Harriet Tubman
 Home for the elderly, specifically for like, indigent and aged African Americans, as it was
 described. Are we sure they didn't misunderstand? And she said, "No, I called it the Harriet Tubman
 Home because it's just a home for Harriet." Here's another good thing. Okay, this is good, and I'm
 pretty sure this is true as well. So on the missions, when she was taking people over to the north,
 she would sing, right, and there were particular songs, and some people say she would sing things
 like "Swing, Loves, Sweet, Harriet," but that hadn't been written yet. But she was very ahead of
 us. She was, yeah. So there were songs called "Go Down Moses" and "Bound for the Promised Land,"
 right, and those were real songs, which she did sing at the time. And this is a cool thing,
 she would change the tempo of the songs to indicate whether it was safe to come out or not,
 so she would just be walking along singing. But the way she was singing was a message to the
 people she was ferrying north. Does that mean, like, you know, if everything's going well and
 they need to run, does she like go dill-a-dill-a-dill-a-dill-a-dill-a-dill? And then if they needed
 to be slower, she would just do it. And if she stopped singing completely, she's fallen asleep.
 I was looking into possibly what kind of brain surgery she had, and then I went on a bit of a
 journey and found a really fascinating syndrome, which I cannot believe we have never spoken about
 before. And I feel like we might have it, actually. This is the... It's called Forster syndrome,
 or also known as Witzel sucked, and it's the pathological urge to constantly make puns.
 Witzel sucked. I had that for a while. Witzel sucked.
 Somebody get a doctor. Fucking hell. So this was first noted in 1929 by a German urologist called
 Ottfried Forster, who is named after. He was operating on a patient to remove a tumour,
 and the patient was awake, as often happens, as was the case with Harriet Tubman.
 And as he started moving around this tumour, the man suddenly, he was face down strapped to the
 table. He suddenly just started talking manically, and just like making pun after pun, they were
 all basically... I hardly even met him. Literally that. It was literally all about knives and
 surgery, and he'd obviously, because that was what was on his mind, because he was having brain
 surgery. Literally what was on his mind, actually. Exactly. Jesus, guys, can you stop?
 Absolutely fascinating. And then there'd be more recent examples of this. There was a man a few
 years ago. We just know his name is Derek, because he was anonymous, but he had a couple of strokes,
 and his behaviour changed in many ways. He used to try and compulsively recycle stuff and things
 like that. And he started waking up his wife in the middle of the night, being like, "I've
 just come up with another pun." And eventually his wife was like, "Why didn't you start writing
 down?" And not telling me. But eventually realised that this was like a pathological
 behaviour change. And the interesting other side effect is this, is that it's a really simple,
 basic humour, like basic pun connections, basic, really basic jokes. There's a lot of skill involved.
 Neurologists studied this, and they showed them more complex joke patterns. They didn't
 find them funny at all. And it's something to do with that really basic pleasure of making
 their connection in your head. But they also didn't find other people's jokes funny at all.
 That's basically every comedian, isn't it? Another thing about Tubman is that she did get
 famed by the end of her life and was recognisable. And a bunch of receptions were put on in her honour
 in the 1890s. They were put on in Boston, and she didn't live there. She had to get a train.
 But to pay for the train ticket, she had to sell one for cows. So in order to get to a bunch of
 receptions thrown in her honour, where she was the star guest, she sold her cow to get the train.
 I think she spent so much of her life, different parts of her life in poverty,
 just because she just gave away so much stuff. And when she rescued people from slavery,
 she used to then follow through and like get them jobs and like set them up in the new places
 that they did. She didn't just like get them somewhere and be like, "See ya." She did a lot
 of cooking too. And that was relevant because she raised a lot of money for the missions by cooking,
 basically. And there was a really interesting piece about this sort of facet of a life on NPR.
 So she was once at a market, she came face to face with a former sort of slave overseer,
 basically. And she was holding two chickens, right? Oh yeah. What did she do? She pretended to read
 the chickens, brilliant. She said, "Oh, looks like there's three cocks in the room."
 Very sassy. We're going in the pilot script. She shoved her head into a chicken and to disguise
 herself as a chicken. Hit him with a chicken. She threw eggs at him. She released one of the
 chickens and then pretended to chase it, causing a comic kerfuffle. Ironically, by drawing attention
 to herself, she deflected attention from herself. Again, another scene in the sitcom. That's what
 happens in Mr Bean's holiday. He chases a chicken for like 40 minutes. Comedy gold. That's the clever
 girl, the beanographer. I do love Mr Bean. So there's a link between her and Queen Victoria,
 which I find interesting. So in 1897, Queen Victoria sent her a shawl to sort of mark her
 amazing work. Yeah, it was a gift. Yeah, a gift. Yeah, yeah. But I thought I could do a little
 quiz for you now. Brilliant. Who was taller? Queen Victoria or Harriet Tubman? Ooh, good one.
 Well, Queen Victoria was no more than five foot. I think perhaps less, four foot, 11 feet. She was
 famously quite short. Famously short. I believe famously her circumference ended up being more
 than her height at the end of her life. Does this help us with Tubman, though? Tubman's got to be
 taller. I know she was on the small side. I think she's going to be smaller because it's not a fun
 quiz because Queen Victoria was quite short. I think the fun ship has sailed. I'm going to say,
 I think Tubman was an inch taller. I reckon she was five foot on the dot. I'm going to say they're
 exactly the same height. Brilliant. I'm going to say Tubman was an inch shorter. Well, Anna's closest.
 Tubman was four foot, 11. Oh, Queen Victoria. Now, James, I have read, I went down a real rabbit
 hole. I'm sure you're right. Basically, we know there's a surviving tape measure kept by a portraitist
 in 1837. My God. Which shows she was five foot one because she had been Victoria. I mean, not Tubman,
 but Queen Victoria had been claimed to be five foot two and they boosted her height by an inch.
 Obviously, it would be ridiculous to say she's five foot 10 and, you know, really leggy. Maybe
 she was wearing heels. Basically, they were a bit embarrassed, the Royal Family, that she was only
 five foot one because it made it seem like she hadn't been fed well in childhood and, you know,
 she didn't like the taller children tend to be better fed. They boosted her height, sort of her
 public height to five foot two so that she would seem a bit better. But the portraitist had the
 receipts. What I think is interesting is that this means approximately that Queen Victoria was
 about the same height as Sandy Tuxwig and Harriet Tubman was about the same height as Susan Kalman.
 Yes. So if we need people in your sitcom of Tubman. I think that's some problematic casting there.
 If you're saying Susan Kalman for the role of Harriet Tubman. I do see that now, yeah.
 Okay, time now for fact number three and that is James. Okay. My fact this week is that Wasabi
 is good on sushi rolls and papyrus scrolls. Lovely. I beg to differ, personally.
 What? Never tasted papyrus and yet I reckon I know it's not good. With or without Wasabi.
 Well, we come to the fact itself. He's worded it humorously. I wouldn't say that's even humorous.
 It's just a rhyme. Lyrically. You've worded it misleadingly in the hope of humor.
 It charmed me. I found it amusing. It is not misleading at all. So it's good on sushi rolls
 because it tastes good, in my opinion. And there are other reasons that we might come to.
 Papyrus scrolls though is the main interesting part, which is this new technique of looking
 after papyrus. Now there is a problem that because papyrus is made from plants, it can fall victim to
 fungal infections and the fungus can damage the papyrus and it can cause the paints to fade and
 stuff like that. And so there has been a study in the Journal of Archaeological Science which has
 put some Wasabi vapours onto the papyrus and these smells kill off the funguses or rather
 stop the funguses from growing very well and they don't get rid of the colour so you can still read
 them. And yeah, this is a lot safer and better for the environment than what you might use before,
 which is chemicals. It's super noninvasive because they just put the Wasabi near the
 papyrus. Yeah, yeah. What I really like in this study is that they didn't want to use actual,
 you know, ancient Egyptians and papyruses, but they wanted to see if it worked on something
 like that. So they did exactly what you would do at primary school, which is heat it up some
 papyrus to make it look like it was really old. You know, like you might do if you're making a
 pirate map at school. Yeah, they did it in tea. They made new papyrus. They made new papyrus.
 Aged it up fast. They aged it fast by heating it up. That's so clever. Yeah. And then they mixed
 water and Wasabi, almost like if you mix your Wasabi with soy sauce, that kind of, you know,
 and after the end of the process, you've got a snack. Yeah, exactly. I'm less worried about
 wasting papyrus on this process and more worried about wasting good Wasabi on this process.
 It's very precious Wasabi. It's very hard to make, isn't it? It's hard to obtain it and they're
 just like steaming away Wasabi at papyrus. And isn't most Wasabi not real Wasabi? I mean, I've
 probably never had real Wasabi. I didn't think I've ever had real Wasabi. No, it's most in Japan
 though. You must have done. I have been, but I read that even in Japan, a lot of it is... I believe
 most of it in Japan. It's horse radish. What if I went to a really nice restaurant in Japan?
 You're probably fine. Would it be? I think 5 or 10% of Wasabi served in Japan is real Wasabi.
 Really? But in the West, it's like 1% is real Wasabi. It's really... And it's all horse radish.
 It's all dying. And horse radish is really strong. But I think Wasabi is a bit gentler and a bit more
 interestingly delicate and a bit more flavoursome. So that's what I read. Yeah. Yeah. And a bit...
 You can tell if you've got real stuff because it should be a bit grittier. Also, I didn't
 realise that you need to eat it immediately as soon as it's been grated because it loses its zing.
 So essentially you... Sometimes they bring the root to the table and a grater and you grate it
 fresh onto your food. I think I prefer the horse radish. If the real Wasabi is bland and
 gritty and you have to have it immediately fresher, it goes off even more. No one said
 bland. I just want to say if there are any chefs out there... Oh, Alex said bland. We didn't say
 bland. I don't believe delicate. And the other thing... The other reason Wasabi is good on sushi
 rolls, so not just because it tastes good, but also because it has antimicrobial properties.
 So as well as stopping funguses from growing, it can stop bacteria from growing. And it has
 something in there called six-methyl sulfinylhexyl isothiocyanate, which stops E. coli,
 staphylococcus, and salmonella from growing. Really? Yeah. Sounds like we should be taking
 baths in it or something. It would be good for us as an auntie. I think even the delicate Wasabi,
 if you have a bath in it, is going to get right up your nose. Yeah. And it will cost you a fair few,
 Bob. But you could put a bit in your shoes and stop fungal infection. You could go for a bath
 and onsen in Japan, and maybe someone could come over and just grate a little bit of Wasabi.
 That would be so lovely. Yeah, that's luxurious. You can look it. Sorry? You can look it and you
 won't taste the spice. Oh. So there's no point in looking it? No, unless you don't like spicy food,
 but you want to eat Wasabi, in which case just lick it, and then you won't get the spice,
 but you'll have touched Wasabi with your tongue. If you have fungus or microbes on your tongue.
 Yes. Yes. That's a good point. I think that should work. In fact, and it's a lot like how
 lightning can split up nitrate. So by grating Wasabi, think of the greater as the lightning,
 that splits up the Wasabi plant, and it splits up its cells. What a torture. How laboured, yeah.
 I feel like I could have understood it without any of the previous callback.
 Is that what creates the flavour? It breaks up the cells and creates the flavour exactly.
 How does Wasabi work? Well, let me take you back to the dawn of the universe.
 Did you know horse radish is poisonous to horses? No.
 So they don't know why it's called that, but I actually like both options. So the word horse
 radish first appeared in 1597 in English. People think it might be because it resembles a horse's
 genitalia. It speaks of a time when more people are familiar with what horses' knackers look like.
 You know, I could probably draw you one, but I would probably control them and push if I had to.
 You know, absolutely no. You could do an amazing shaded sketch. So it's either genitals, horse
 radish, because they do look a bit like their, horse radish is like a moolly. I mean, that's
 probably less. What's a moolly? It's like a long white radish, right? I don't know that.
 It looks like a long white root. Is that what a moolly is? Yeah. Are they really big?
 Yeah. It's probably, I would say, how big is that? About foot long? No, it looks pretty normal.
 I think your moolly, Simone, might have been up there with my confusing lightning
 making things clearer. What's a moolly? A moolly is like a large radish.
 Like a horse radish? Yeah. All right, they're similar. I understand. I can see it's going
 round in circles. I genuinely thought people would know what a moolly looked like. Yeah.
 Okay, fine. What's the other option, Anna? Well remembered. Thanks, James. It's because, so in
 German, you might, so you might be able to guess if I tell you that in German, a horse radish is
 called 'Mierritich', to mean sea radish, actually. Oh. Not to be confused with the sea radish,
 which is a different plant. I know, because it looks like a seahorse is genitalia.
 Yeah, very nice. You're miles off. In the older days, everyone knew what that looked like.
 Because we all rode seahorses throughout town, didn't we?
 What grows in the sea? It looks like a radish. It's more about pronunciation. It's about the
 pronunciation. So when we were translating it into English, we heard 'merradisch'. Oh, 'mer', as in
 like the 'mer' as in a female horse. As in a horse. Yeah. Let me give you another reason why it might
 be called that. Albertus Magnus was writing in the 13th century, and he discussed horse radish.
 He just called it 'radish', but he suggested it as a treatment for constipation in horses.
 So it could be that we kind of heard the 'mer' thought we use it for constipation in
 horses anyway. And so maybe that's why we call it horse radish. Is it up the bottom?
 It didn't say. Albertus Magnus didn't say. He just said it's useful constipation in horses.
 It might have been up the bum, because there's another thing called rathanidosis,
 which is a punishment in ancient Greece of inserting the root of a radish up the bum
 as a punishment for adultery. Now, we don't know what kind of radish that was.
 It probably wasn't one of those little red ones that you get in saints.
 That's the first offence.
 But if it was horse radish, for instance, then that would be much more of a punishment,
 because you're going to get that kind of wasabi burning up the bum, as well as having
 something that's the size of a mooly going up your bum. Not the size of a mooly.
 I bet there was one person who got really turned on by it.
 I bet there was one example where someone was like, "Oh, no, my adulterated again. Get the hammer."
 Here's the thing on papyrus. Right. Oh, my goodness. Okay. Have you, right.
 You know the Library of Alexandria? Yes. Okay. Ancient Egypt founded in the 295 BC.
 They had a copy of every book, or they were trying to get one.
 So the Ptolemies with the pharaohs at the time, they're all called Ptolemy basically,
 and they would hunt for manuscripts everywhere, right? And they would send out,
 if a pharaoh ship sailed into Alexandria, it was searched for scrolls,
 and then they'd be confiscated and copied out and then given back.
 And all this was on papyrus, right? And the Nile Valley was the center of the written word,
 because papyrus grew on the banks of the Nile. So the Ptolemies have basically a control supply.
 And then there's this rival library that sets up. King Eumenes of Pergamon founds a rival library,
 the Library of Pergamon. And Pergamon was huge at the time. It was a big kingdom, like massive.
 Turkey. Modern-day Turkey. And more. You know, there was a big deal of Pergamites, I don't know.
 Anyway, basically, talk about the sitcom potential. There's the spell in history.
 We're from the makers of Harriet Tubman, exclamation mark.
 There's the spell in history where both libraries are trying to secure every book on the planet,
 and they are bidding huge wages for scholars, like Premier League footballers for scholars,
 and scribes. Some scholars are imprisoned so they can't run off to the other library.
 And then the huge move happens. Ptolemy V takes the rivalry to a new level about 100 years after
 the founding. He bans the export of papyrus. Huge move. Out. That's cheesy, isn't it?
 Eat it, Pergamon. I was like taking the football off the pitch.
 It basically is. You can't make any scrolls. You can't copy any manuscripts. We own literature.
 So what did Pergamon do? Well, he... Invented paper?
 Yes, he must have invented paper. The audio book. He invented the audio book.
 They started manufacturing parchment from the skin of animals, and parchment literally means
 from Pergamon. That's the etymology way. That's so cool. And the thing about parchment is you can
 cut it up in layers, and you don't need to roll it in a scroll, which is incredibly inefficient.
 You can have pages. You can have pages. That's so interesting.
 It's where parchment already existed, but they, as it were, put a lot of manufacturing behind it
 and made it bigger. And the book is better than the scroll. Wow. The pen is mightier than the sword.
 And the book is better than the scroll. Do you know what, Andy? I'm going to come out and say it.
 That etymology is even more interesting than the horse genitalia. Well done.
 Wow. Strug disagree.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact, and that is my fact. My fact this week is that bees smell
 like bananas when they get angry. I've never seen an angry banana.
 So, I think this is just a weird coincidence, really. Bees use pheromones a lot to communicate.
 They release different chemicals, which other bees can smell. One of the pheromones that they
 release is a distress or alarm signal. And maybe there's a predator. One of their bees is in trouble.
 Makes them really angry, too. And one of the chemicals in this pheromone is called isoamyl acetate.
 And that also happens to be the chemical which is banana flavour.
 Yeah. Can I just say it? Mostly, because I think people often say, what you would know
 is banana flavour is actually this very specific banana thing. Most people know banana flavour
 from actual bananas, right? I mean, I don't have that many banana flavour things.
 Have more people eaten bananas or eaten a banana flavoured Angel Delight, maybe?
 I could go out there and say more people have eaten bananas than banana flavoured Angel Delight.
 Well, that's because bananas have an entrenched advantage, you know.
 Arguably, banana flavoured Angel Delight is better than a banana.
 If it grew on trees. Exactly, yeah.
 But you have hit the point that artificial banana flavouring today
 is not quite the same as the bananas we eat today. And you have mentioned this on the podcast
 before, and there was a previous species of banana or strain of banana called the Groming
 Shell banana, which used to be all around the world. I think it's still around in Thailand
 somewhere, but it's not commercially really available or used. It was like nearly completely
 wiped out, if not completely wiped out. Just by the Angel Delight market.
 So, we haven't dished bananas now, I think. And they're supposed to be less tasteful.
 And so, actually, the slightly tangier, stronger artificial banana flavour in those tiny sweets
 that we get. And that's the one that you get from the bees.
 The bees, yes. And people, it is a renowned thing in the bee community.
 I was messaging Liz, who is one of our colleagues who's been at QI longer than all of us, in fact.
 And she's a beekeeper as well. And Liz.
 Unbelievable. She says, yes, sometimes you will enter the hive and there's a real banana stench.
 Is there, really? And they don't go near a hive with a banana.
 Is the other thing to do? Is it a noether? Yeah, absolutely.
 Because they'll think it's a, they'll remind them it's a large bee.
 Yeah. Especially if you paint black stripes on the banana.
 I think it's the equivalent of walking into a hive with a big sign that just says,
 "I killed your friends." Don't also go to a bee hive with a pregnant mouse.
 So, pregnant mice smell like bananas. They do.
 Yeah, they do. It's a scent that they give off. And it also stresses out male mice.
 I so am all acetate. These smell of a pregnant female mouse.
 Yeah, it does. It stresses out males.
 Yeah, because mice are often cannibals and they will eat baby mice.
 But not if you make yourself smell like a banana. The males will go, "Ugh,
 I'm not going near that." And they won't eat your children.
 That's so ironic. They won't eat you if you make yourself smell like a banana.
 Kind of a fox out well, is it, but you're like, "Mmm, delicious children. Oh, it's got banana on it."
 I didn't know the range of pheromones that bees use.
 There's so many. There's a massive list online, yeah.
 There's extraordinary weird things that they can do. So, for example, the queen, there was a
 great after... She used to have bees. She smells a banana. Queen Lizzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzzz.
 I found a piece on this from 2014. I just want to give a shout out to Luke Holman on the
 conversation. I don't know if you were at the headline, but it was called "Smells like Queen
 Spirit." It's fantastic. So, queen bees, they broadcast data via pheromones to the rest of the
 hive. And one of the things is to say they are the queen. That just communicates, you know,
 clear leadership in place. Another is whether or not they are mated and have been mating around,
 and also how well mated they are. So, they have pheromones to release to say how many males they've
 had sex with. Imagine if our queen did that. It would be so funny. He's opening a school and you're like, "Oh!"
 More promiscuous queens are better for the colony because they provide a bit more genetic diversity,
 and that keeps the colony nice and healthy. But was every queen has to... I was reading
 this interesting thing about how you introduce a queen to a colony. If you just take your queen
 and plonk it in, the bees will kill it because she's got the wrong pheromones. She's from another
 hive, and the worker bees need a chance to get used to her. So, the way that you do it is that
 you have a box, and you put this box in the hive, and the doorway to the box is sealed up with
 sugar, basically. The bees eat through it, and it takes them a while, but it means that they end
 up being quite close to the queen who's sitting inside the little box, waiting to be released
 from the box. And so, the time it takes for the bees to eat through the sugar, they can smell
 the queen on the other side, and they get used to her, and then they don't want to kill her.
 So, it's like she burst out of a cake. She actually does, yes. That is exactly how every new queen
 is introduced to a beehive. Another use of isoamyl acetate is to make fake bananas,
 and this happens during World War II. Let's say we've stopped any poo get to Germany, and they've
 said, "Right, well, you're not having any bananas then." And so, you can't get any bananas there,
 so you have to make fake ones, and they made mock bananas by using parsnips. They would get some
 parsnips. They would add some isoamyl acetate, which was available banana essence, essentially,
 literally, essentially, and they would eat them. And apparently, there was a modern-day blogger
 called Carolyn Ecken who recreated it and said, "It's a rather strange and bizarre taste, but not
 unpleasant, although there is an aftertaste of parsnip." I think it's so tragic. The idea of,
 like, mash up your parsnips adds to the show. That was the war. Bananas. Yeah, no, it really was.
 When a queen bee dies, she stops releasing the pheromones that she's been using to keep the
 colony happy and placid, and this causes a big reaction, and the workers basically get going
 on an emergency queen. So, this is really interesting. They build these huge queen-sized
 chambers, like queen-sized bedrooms, effectively, and they get 10 to 20 candidates, workers,
 and they start feeding them royal jelly, and they find out who becomes the queen.
 That sounds like a reality format. It actually is, and the first one to emerge kills all the others,
 and then begins to lay eggs. We're megabars, the ethics committee, the BBC, I don't think.
 There is only one pheromone which two dung beetles share, okay? So, most dung beetles have their own
 pheromones, but there's one that's shared by both of them and it's called anisole. Where do they release
 it from? It comes because it smells a bit like anise, like star anise. Oh, that is the name that
 works. I'm sure brilliantly in the French market. Isn't there a whole thing where beavers anal glands
 are the origin of an awful lot of chemicals, flavours including vanilla and strawberry,
 raspberry flavouring. They're not necessarily used anymore, because I think it's still quite rare
 and expensive, and also people don't really want that on. Only 5% of strawberry angel delights,
 actually. Beaver anal gland juice, sadly. And if I went to really nice restaurants, I did really
 get finger anal gland juice. Can you guys smell ants? Oh my god, the ant detector's going off.
 Everyone line up, pick up something much heavier than you and pile out of the building.
 I'm not asking right now. I'm saying in general, if there were some ants on the
 table, do you think you'd be able to smell them? I've never, no, I don't think I would.
 Yeah, so the interesting thing is that this is a thing that people have said on the internet.
 A lot of people have said, "Oh, I can smell ants." And then other people have said, "You can't smell
 ants." And then there's been big arguments. It's not like the internet to argue over something
 completely pointless, but IFL science, which we all love that website, they carried out a Twitter poll
 and they found that 20% of respondents claim that they can detect the odor of an ant
 compared to 80% who can't. Ants are heavily dependent on ferriments. Were 20% of respondents
 ants? I don't know. Well, we don't know exactly. I think one thing we can say is that this is not
 a particularly scientific survey. Right. But let's say, for instance, if it's true, there are various
 different reasons that it might be true. It could be that some people have a certain gene that allows
 them to smell ants. Like you can smell asparagus we, some people can, some people can't. It could
 be that some ants smell and the ones that live in certain areas smell and the ones that live in
 certain areas don't smell. And that's the responses we've got, but we don't know.
 Well, they're living in smelly areas and we're smelling other things and it's covering them up.
 Could be. If I'm in the ground floor of John Lewis, like I'm not going to smell an ant because
 it's in the perfume section. Yeah, absolutely. So if all of the UK smelly ants live in perfume
 sections of John Lewis, we would never smell them. It's a very relatable comparison point.
 It's just something, it's a bugbear of mine because I like going to John Lewis.
 I nearly pass out every time I go in. You have to sort of... Oh, I love all the perfume section
 in the pub and store. I really like it. I really like going in an airport and trying out all the
 samples. Yeah, me too. And then getting on the plane and really offending everyone.
 You've never tried that. I should do it. You should do it. As you go through that winding bit.
 As you go through the G3, there's loads of free samples. That's another bit I hate because it
 smells so awful, as in so strong and it gives me headaches. So you've already got quite a sense
 to set up pipes. Yeah, there's definitely an ant in this room. Quite a lot of hotels have got cameras
 in the bedrooms these days, in the beds in fact. What? What's this? What? Be hotels.
 Here we go. So this is something called the spotter gadget. It's got loads of pheromones in it
 and a tiny camera and you put it in a hotel bed and the pheromones attract bed bugs.
 And then when the bed bugs go into where the pheromones are, the tiny camera takes a photo
 of the bed bugs and sends it off to someone who looks at it and goes, "Yes, that's a bed bug."
 And then if they say, "Yes, it's definitely a bed bug," then it means that you have to go
 in and fumigate it. Yeah, it is exterminated. So these are in hotel rooms, but can the camera
 capture anything else that's happening in the hotel room? If your penis is the size of a bed bug.
 Oh dear. That perhaps. It was just drawn with that little tube, I didn't know, I didn't know.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in touch with us, we are all available on social media.
 I'm on Instagram @alexhbell. James. I'm on Twitter @JamesHarkin.
 Andi. Me too @AndrewHunterM. And Anna.
 You can get in touch with the podcast by twittering @nosuchthing or on Instagram @nosuchthingasafish
 or you can email podcast@qi.com. That's right. And you can also subscribe to ClubFish if you'd
 like to get the ad free version and you can buy merchandise from our website and all sorts of
 things.fish.com. Thank you so much for listening. We'll be back again next week. Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
