 Hey Clubfish members, how you doing?
 It is a compilation episode for you this week.
 All the off-cuts from the main episode that didn't quite fit into the narrative shape
 of what we wanted to put out in the main episodes, but still awesome stuff, and so we're really
 glad that we've got somewhere for you all to hear it.
 So before we get into today's episode, I should say that our first live show of the year
 is creeping up on us.
 It's going to be a festival in Belgium at the Nerdland Festival, so it's going to be
 us four fishers on stage doing an entire live recording at one of the greatest festivals
 in the world, and I say that really sincerely.
 I love going to it.
 It is such a joyous occasion.
 Everywhere you go is just pockets of nerddom.
 It's really kid-friendly.
 It's really worth going to if you're able to.
 Event wise, it probably helps to speak the local languages, but there are often a bunch
 of English events like our event.
 So yeah, do check that out.
 It's called Nerdland.
 You can find it online.
 You can find tickets to our website, and if you go to our website looking for those tickets,
 you'll also see a link to our first UK live show, which is going to be at the cross-twires
 festival.
 I've been mentioning it at the end of every single episode.
 Come to our show.
 We're going to be doing a live recording.
 There's going to be a few extra fun bits going on.
 If you're near the area, please do come.
 So again, just head to our website, and you'll find the links there.
 All right, let's get on with the compilation.
 The only thing to say about it is you're going to notice sort of halfway through a conversation
 that happens where we're unsure who is right.
 I won't say anything ahead of it, but I just want you to know, turns out we were both right.
 You'll see what I mean when you get to it.
 Anyway, here we go.
 On with the compilation.
 You used to have to be able to fake cry as your job, if you had a specific job in Paris
 in the 1820s.
 Oh, is this gettable?
 It's just like an official, like, a mourner.
 What about a trick of hers, like the people who were at the bottom of a guillotine watching
 people die?
 Oh, I didn't know that was a thing.
 Yeah, you're like used to get women who weren't knitting.
 Oh, the knitted.
 Are we supposed to cry as well?
 They were quite cheerful about the whole thing, though.
 Yeah, they were thinking they were knitting.
 That was their entertainment, was the guillotine.
 1820s.
 So it's a bit after the Paleonic Wars.
 In Paris.
 You know about these people, but we've never mentioned them before on the show.
 It's specifically the Clacker, which we have never mentioned before.
 These are people who would be paid to go to the theatre and have a certain reaction.
 So if you went to see a play in Paris, a few dozen spots would be occupied by Clacker.
 If it was a comedy, they'd be employed to laugh.
 They'd be employed to, like, gasp.
 They'd be employed to sob.
 And you had different types of Clackers.
 There was actually a Clacker school that was set up by a guy called Musseur Soutot.
 And you'd have the Rhea, who were the loud laughers, and then you'd have the plurras, who were
 the cries, who were women who were paid to turn up and cry hysterically.
 And then actually, I've been so annoying sitting next to these people in the theatre.
 People got really annoyed.
 They used to look quite a lot of fights between audience members and Clackers, especially
 because you also had the commissaires who were a type of Clacker who memorized the better
 parts of the play to call their neighbours attention to them.
 So I suppose that...
 That's like an English teacher in a Shakespeare play.
 To be up, did you hear that?
 To be up, not to be?
 Did you remember?
 Yeah, it's good, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 That is the most annoying thing someone can do at the theatre.
 Point of stuff out.
 Like repeatedly, or if you're at a concert and someone's humming along next to you, like a
 classical concert.
 Oh, right.
 Oh.
 Like a Bruce Springson concert.
 And everyone's singing board in the USA and then he's going, "I'm trying to listen to Bruce."
 I mean, I do.
 I do.
 I do slightly.
 I do slightly.
 It's not about us, isn't it?
 It's about Bruce's song.
 20 years ago, I would have disagreed with you Andy, but I'm totally on board now.
 Stop singing.
 Let the dude sing.
 Bruce.
 They leave gaps.
 Actually, this really pisses me off.
 If Bruce thought anyone else is listening, it really annoys me.
 When you go to a concert, someone you love, they're singing their big song and they leave
 the big gap for the audience to sing it.
 Yeah.
 And you're so excited about hearing them sing these words.
 I don't want to hear as to how some people sing.
 You don't get that.
 You don't get that in, like, the importance of being honest.
 Really?
 Do you guys see that?
 Like, handbag?
 Yeah.
 Lately, Rangel doesn't pause again.
 She said, though.
 Yeah.
 Are you big?
 To be or?
 To be or?
 [laughter]
 Tears in general?
 Crocodile tears.
 Are they fake tears, too?
 They're fake tears.
 Exactly.
 And this was an ancient belief that crocodiles would cry while eating their prey, and that
 gave rise to this phrase, crocodile tears, if someone's crying, but they don't mean it.
 You know, they're just pretending.
 And yet, it was tested by a couple of researchers a few years ago.
 And it seems to be true that crocodiles tear ducks get a bit loosey goosey when they're
 eating.
 And a research called Kent Vliet fed seven camons, specifically, so quite crocodilian creatures,
 because they eat on dry land.
 So it's a bit easier to observe them than an alligator underwater or crocodile underwater.
 Yes.
 Five out of the seven that were fed, wept as they ate.
 No way.
 So it is a real thing.
 And it might be to do with the way air is moving into their sinuses and getting mixed
 around and their tear glands then dump a little fluid into their eye because of the chewing
 process.
 Or they could be feeling a bit guilty about it.
 Because there was a previous study, wasn't there like a hundred years ago, where a guy took
 a crocodile and rubbed onions in its eyes.
 And then no tears came out and it's like, oh, look, they can't cry.
 So it can't be true.
 Oh, really?
 In fact, they just, they don't, well, they probably wasn't happy about it, but they're not that
 fussed about onions.
 They're not so excited.
 Yeah.
 That's a crazy experiment to do.
 Yeah, good one.
 To just prove a relatively minor saying, you know, that's amazing.
 Basically that, would that have been an episode on Mythbusters or is that one where they
 go, actually, do you know what?
 I'm good.
 I'm good with the onions.
 Adam savaged.
 Oh, lovely.
 Lovely.
 There's the sun for you.
 There's the sun headline.
 It's like the three of us love it and then it was kind of always destroyed.
 But the thing is, like, the joke was a good, okay joke.
 And then you two didn't laugh.
 You just had, just love it, because when you do it so much, it becomes something to
 just sit in awe.
 You know.
 I'm actually a clacker.
 I've been paid by Dan to laugh at his jokes for ten years.
 But not to laugh at you.
 So you mentioned the other happy birthday song.
 Yep.
 The main one.
 Happy birthday to you.
 Happy birthday to you.
 Happy birthday dear.
 Insert name.
 Happy birthday to you.
 That was...
 I never knew the lyrics otherwise.
 Yeah.
 It's like the National Anthem.
 You really know it first, right?
 That was written by Mildred J. Hill and her sister Patti.
 I think who we might have mentioned before.
 But what I didn't know is that she was a scholar of African-American music.
 And this was what she was most famous for in her day.
 She wrote a lot of articles about African-American music and was so influential that Antonin
 Vosjak's New World Symphony was written having him read her articles on African-American
 music.
 Really?
 Which is obviously a huge deal.
 That came out before she died.
 She died in 1916, but the happy birthday song didn't become well known until about 20 years
 after she died.
 So she went to her grave thinking, "I'm going to be famous forever because I inspired the
 New World Symphony."
 And because I wrote all this stuff on African-American music, but actually, she wrote the most famous song
 in the world.
 Wow.
 Even better.
 That's great.
 What would you rather listen to?
 Really?
 Happy birthday or Anton Vosjak's New World Symphony?
 I think it depends how long you have to listen to it for.
 If it doesn't have a disc, I'll probably take the New World Symphony.
 On day two, I think happy birthday is going to be starting to great.
 You're a Pokemon fan, James.
 Did you ever play the cards?
 A bit.
 So the cards, they used to be a card called the Happy Birthday Pikachu.
 And the Happy Birthday Pikachu is one of the only, there's about ten band Pokemon cards
 that are no longer in circulation that we're taking out.
 And the reason for it is because it was a card that if it happened to be your birthday on
 the day that you were playing with this card, it had sort of double point, it had a way
 more power to it, and it could make you defeat your opponent.
 So the issue was, most people don't, most kids aren't bringing their passports with them.
 So everyone was just claiming it was their birthday in a game, and they realized this is,
 this is a cheat.
 So it got burned as a result.
 Just get away with that, I don't know, get their mates will go, no, it's not, you had a birthday
 party three weeks ago.
 Not stupid.
 So I can't, if things had to be banned in games because kids were cheating at them, then
 no game would be allowed.
 That's true.
 That's true.
 That's true.
 That's true.
 Do you know what kind of birthday party features Muffin Huff?
 Okay.
 Muffin Huff.
 Muffin Huff.
 Muffin Huff.
 I actually can't think of any category of birthday party.
 What about horse's birthday party?
 That's a good, I should have just asked, can you think of a category of birthday party?
 Because that is actually what this is, but there aren't that many.
 Category of birthday party.
 Yeah, belongs to a specific religion.
 Oh, Huff and Puff, did you say?
 You're not going to get it from Muffin Huff.
 Believe you, me.
 It's not a Huff or Puff, it's not a Harry Potter birthday party.
 It's a religion.
 It is.
 It's a hovers witness.
 Oh, you've picked the one religion that doesn't tell about birthday party.
 That's why I was wondering if it was not turning.
 Yeah.
 That was right there.
 Sorry.
 Sorry.
 We'll like a bar mitzvah as after your 13th.
 Very good.
 Very good bar mitzvah.
 But now, I couldn't point any more to reference this, but in a book called Bar mitzvah
 History by this rabbi in historian, he said that since 1789, it was common to read the
 mafti and the haftaro, which are readings from the Torah and Prophet's books.
 And that was always shortened to Muffin Huff.
 So you have a bit of Muffin Huff.
 Lovely.
 And their religious readings.
 It's not as fun as it sounds.
 Have you guys heard this 1905, there was an attempt to change officially the date of Thanksgiving
 in America from November 30th to another date altogether because of a birthday?
 Oh, no.
 I thought there was something.
 There was something about changing it, the shopkeepers all wanted to change it, because
 it was too close to Christmas.
 So is it the 30th?
 I thought it was one of those slightly movable things.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's the third day after.
 Sorry.
 It's specifically 1905.
 Oh, sorry.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It was the 30th of November at Lando.
 But it came on the same day as Martin Luther King's birthday and--
 It cuts.
 It's less sort of powerful.
 Mark Twain was turning 70 on that day.
 Really?
 And he was really--
 He was going to have a magnum of the Black House.
 He was really worried.
 Now, there could be a possibility that this is done ironically, but I didn't read it anywhere
 that it was.
 He wanted a big birthday.
 He had 170 guests on the invitation.
 And he was worried that all of them would stay home and not come out to the party because
 they were celebrating their Thanksgiving.
 And so him and his editor basically approached Theodore Roosevelt, president at the time,
 and lobbied for him to move it, either just miss it that year or move it to another day
 that year.
 I know he's an enemy of the porkers, but he's still not doing this seriously.
 It doesn't feel like it can be, right?
 But they do have the letter that was sent that was handed to the president.
 He heard about Elon Musk having his hooks in with the government.
 You don't realize this is a very old tradition of food to say, can you move Thanksgiving
 for me?
 That's shocking.
 I'm sorry, guys.
 This year we're not going to have Thanksgiving on the double day because Elon Musk wants to have
 a birthday party.
 Give it a year.
 I give it one year.
 Wow.
 There's no reason why planes need to be symmetrical.
 Okay.
 But if you've got a plane, if you use a large picture of that, you put one wing on one side,
 where do you put the other wing?
 Oh, that's right.
 Okay.
 It does have to go on the other side.
 That's true.
 But it does.
 This is all sounding a bit Elon Musk.
 It's sounding a bit doge, I'm afraid.
 Why do we have...
 Why do we need wings at all?
 Well, a little correctness has gone mad.
 The wing doesn't have to be in the same place on the other side.
 And in fact, an asymmetrical plane is more aerodynamic.
 And there's this one guy who started saying this in the '50s and '60s saying that, basically,
 if you've got the wings both symmetrically aligned on the plane, that increases drag
 and it's much less fuel efficient than if you tilt them at a diagonal.
 So one is pointing forwards and one is pointing backwards.
 So that makes it more streamlined.
 And it actually flies just as well.
 This is cool.
 There was one plane made, eventually by this guy called RT Jones, who said for 30 years,
 this is a better way of doing it.
 And all other engineers just said it, people don't like asymmetry.
 That's literally the only reason is like human beings don't want to look at a plane.
 This German one looks obsessing.
 Yeah.
 It's hard to see it.
 You don't want to get on it.
 He made one.
 It was called the Armors Dryden.
 It was a NASA aircraft.
 And all the pilots who flew it said it worked completely fine, couldn't fault it.
 The wing rotated to 60 degree angle.
 So very sharp.
 I need some credit.
 Imagine if he'd been wrong and spent 30 years saying, we can do a nice thing, right?
 Then it took off and then immediately crashed, and then he would have felt so bad.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 That's so cool that it was, actually.
 Jesus.
 Do you guys know about the inflator plane?
 Sounds like.
 Sounds like what it is.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 Blow up plane.
 Blow up plane.
 It's really exciting as an idea.
 It can't believe it still doesn't.
 Terrible news.
 Your planes blown up.
 Good news.
 It's an inflator plane.
 So this was a good, it was called the good year inflator plane.
 And the idea was that if you had soldiers who were stuck behind enemy line, you could drop
 a plane out of the sky and no one really knows us that you were doing that.
 And it could land.
 And all you would need to do is inflate it to come with a pump.
 If you get a very, very tired mouth, how's that, how's that plane coming up?
 You need to squeeze the nipple.
 That will get the air in.
 It's pretty insane, isn't it?
 Wait, does it?
 So the door opens and you said, is it like a bouncy castle?
 It's like a bouncy castle.
 And what you do is it doesn't actually have an engine, but you just have to pop it and
 it goes.
 Yeah.
 On Japanese traffic lights, they're just a bit weird, a bit weird than all the traffic
 lights, right?
 Because their green isn't normal green.
 That was by government decree.
 So I think some of them have changed now.
 But basically, in 1973, the Japanese government decreed that the green light on traffic lights
 should be as close to blue as legally possible.
 Now, they've signed up to an international convention, which says the green light has to
 be green.
 So this needs to be a global thing.
 So everyone knows green is green.
 But the problem the Japanese people had is that for some reason, when they started putting
 traffic lights up, the start was the 20th century, they used their word 'awai'.
 Which, at the time, referred to sort of span both green and blue in the colour spectrum,
 like the Japanese language as a slightly different conception of green and blue.
 Now, it's mostly used for blue and green as referred to as 'madori'.
 But they've always called the green traffic light their word for blue, what's now blue?
 'awai'.
 So they were like, this is really confusing because we referred to it as a blue light, even
 though it's green now, what do we do to resolve this?
 So the government just said, right, make it blue.
 We're not allowed to make it blue.
 Make it quite blue.
 The blue is possible kind of green.
 Because the Japanese law-rebiding nation they wanted to adhere to the 1968 Vienna Convention
 on road signs and signals, which, guess who hasn't signed that one?
 A few places, didn't.
 The US didn't for sure.
 The US didn't.
 Such a big country, they haven't signed up to the main.
 Yeah.
 That's why their green is pink.
 Yes.
 I don't think Canada did either.
 I really.
 I think, like, I remember reading about that convention and loads of countries went over
 and they all basically went to this convention and said, right, everyone has to do exactly
 the same as we do in our country.
 I may all have thought that that's what was going to happen.
 And they all got there and they went, no, we're not going to do that.
 And they've actually most countries solve it, okay, we'll go for this kind of version,
 but like, place like Canada and America, we're now sticking with what we've got.
 Stop them.
 Yeah.
 That's very interesting.
 You know the amount of time that traffic lights are on amber.
 So they go red, red and amber, green and red.
 And when it's red, you have to stop.
 But when there's some amber there, you're supposed to stop.
 But if it's dangerous, then you can carry on going.
 You either have to stop or go really fast.
 It's the practical, what happens here.
 But the amount of time that lights down amber has changed and it's thanks to one Swedish
 guy who went to court.
 He got caught driving through a red light and he said, no, it was amber and they showed
 him the evidence and he was like, well, this is what happened.
 I was turning left, all right, whichever way it was in Sweden, but if it was England,
 they would be left.
 I was about to turn left and I could see it was amber, but I thought I wouldn't have time
 to stop.
 So I turned left.
 But in order to turn left, I had to slow down and it didn't take that into account.
 Like the amount of time is on amber.
 It's normally if you're going straight on and the amount of time that realistically you
 can stop.
 Right.
 But he was turning left.
 You have to slow down to turn.
 And he said, this wasn't fair.
 I won my ticket sorting and they did it and they changed the amount of time and now legally
 that's changed.
 I think that's changed about the EU now because he had time to slow down but not time to stop.
 Yeah.
 He was like, he was going.
 See it was amber.
 He's like, so it's dangerous if I stopped.
 Yeah.
 So I'm going to have to keep going, but I need to turn left.
 So I do need to slow down and he just caught the red light and they said, no, you're done.
 He had a good lawyer.
 It's right.
 I'm sitting there.
 Bullshit.
 I believe it.
 If you can slow down enough to turn.
 No, I believe everywhere.
 I think that's right.
 You know how when you sit in a room, just staring at the wall, sitting in the car that's
 happening.
 You're in your dang cave.
 Yes.
 And a single shaft of light is falling across the room because there's any one window.
 And it's a sunny day and you can see the dust moats in the air.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, like that.
 It's nice, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Well, there was a physicist, an Irish physicist in the 19th century called John Tindel who
 said, I want to know what's going on here and sort of study it.
 And he created special equipment to observe what that was in the air.
 So he reported that his breath didn't have any of that stuff in it, but air in the room
 did.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 So he created all this, you know, sort of filter, air filters and stuff like that.
 And what he was gathering together was a big strut of evidence in support of germ theory
 of disease.
 So Lister, Joseph Lister was saying, I think, infection spreads through the air in microbial
 form.
 And lots of other scientists piled in and said, no, it doesn't.
 You know, a lot of them believed in spontaneous generation that life arises from nowhere.
 So this guy, John Tindel, was so angry at all these people criticizing germ theory that
 he spent seven years studying dust in the air and trying to grow microbes in it into a liquid
 broth.
 He did hundreds of experiments.
 I just think it's amazing this guy, because when did you say he was?
 Sorry.
 When was it?
 1870s, I think.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Did he make a delicious soup?
 Is that a recipe book we can get?
 He traveled all the way to the Alps.
 He was trying to prove.
 If air has no particles in it, you can't grow anything from that air.
 Nothing can be cultured.
 If you're using completely empty, you know, sterilized air, is it worth?
 He went to the Alps with 50 flask of broth, science in the 19th century was just great.
 And they were boiled and sealed broth tubes, right?
 And they were like beef, mutton, turnip, cucumber, just different kinds of broth.
 And he would open them up, and a bit of air gets in.
 And then you see if anything can be grown from that, you know, if anything in the air reacts
 with anything in the broth, that would mean that, you know, it proved sort of health proved
 in the way.
 Why, again, much like this guy who managed to get to the Caribbean on the free, like why
 did he have to go to the Alps?
 Could he just go outside and just feel empty mountain alpine air?
 Yeah.
 And what he thought was that the air would be a lot emptier there than in his home, for
 example.
 So when he opened stuff in his home, where people have been breathing out bacteria all day,
 he could grow stuff very easily when he opens up some broth.
 But doesn't that prove jump theory?
 Why does he need to prove it in the empty alpine air?
 Because he's saying that when you open this broth in empty air, nothing gets in.
 And that proves the difference between full air and empty air.
 Sorry, he didn't want anything to grow.
 Exactly.
 John Tyndall.
 It's so interesting, because ten years before, the exact same thing was done by Louis
 Paster, who basically was the person who did all the experiments with the broth in the
 Alps by my mom.
 Yeah, he was in a massive fight with a fellow French scientist who thought that things were
 spontaneously erupting within, you know, vats of food and so on.
 And he was saying, no, it was a rabie.
 Like literally everything you've just said is the exact same story of Louis Paster.
 I wonder if one of you's got the wrong name.
 I feel like that's the case.
 And I don't know who.
 The broth part of it seems very unlikely that two people are there.
 I think the people living in that little village all the time, I'm not another bloody scientist.
 It's more of 19th century time to have some element of broth to get your ground, to get
 your funding.
 Because check this out, Eddie.
 Oh, no.
 In 1864, in an amphitheater, a fielded peresian elites, he stood and he had a single shaft
 of light come down so that they could see all the dust moats in the air for him to show
 that it was surrounding us at all times.
 What did you wait for me to get to the end of my room?
 10 minute long bet.
 You were just leaping through your nose, looking concerned, looking fainly, like I know something,
 you don't know.
 Look on your face.
 Well, that does not the same.
 Did he bring the broth to the out?
 Yeah.
 Right.
 I think we need to go back and look on our nose.
 It's also like they just didn't communicate very well in the 19th century.
 If they'd had social media, they'd keep doing it in friends, just completely different
 fields.
 Yeah.
 Louis Pasteur.
 Yeah, Louis Pasteur.
 He's the guy who...
 Yeah, John Theory.
 John Theory.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I think I saw this guy.
 I was never heard of this guy.
 Well, he was clearly...
 What?
 He was a plagiarist.
 He just ran about past days.
 No one else.
 In the UK, it's heard of this guy.
 I'm just going to do exactly the same thing.
 He's the only guy who spoke French.
 spoke French. Who was tin, was it? He was one of the leading prostitutes protestant reform.
 It wasn't he? You're thinking of a different tindal. And no, I know. I know. I know. I know. I know. I was. I was. I was. I was. John Tindal Irish. Was it not one who was a rope player who married one of the royal family? Was it? Yeah, Mike Tindal. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. You know all the tindals. So I don't want to question it then. Mike Tindals work on Jamthier is unbelievable. There's there's obviously ASMR.
 Which is where we get very close to the microphones and we make little noises. Wake up. But that's that's very extremely popular, isn't it?
 I feel like it's got less, maybe it's more in place, but there's brown noise trend. I feel like it's become less trendy recently. Maybe. Anyway, I agree. I think it's less trendy than it used to be.
 We just hear about it less. Sorry to hear that. Anyway, this is desperately now on scrunching as paper. Oh, yeah, that's good stuff on here.
 If you want, for example, this is a thing for people to listen to. If you want to lose weight, there's a sound you can listen to that helps people in studies. It's help people lose weight. They eat substantially less.
 Okay. Here's one thing like white noise because Dan said it stops the internal monologue. If your internal monologue is saying I could do with another pie. Yeah.
 That it might stop you from thinking it's not bad, but no. Is it a, are we looking for a tone of noise or it's like a kind of thing? A kind of thing. So you know, it's like.
 It's, is it the exact opposite of the noise that an ice cream fan makes? So you can't hear the ice cream. It's the opposite of green sleeves. Yeah. Let's rewind.
 It's actually your own chewing. Okay. If you play into people's ears, the sound then supposedly it makes people feel the flavors more intensely of what they're eating as they eat it. So they feel fuller faster.
 Does it feel fuller if you feel taste the flavors more? Maybe. Yeah, I can imagine that your brain would feel like I had so much more stimulation there. I don't need any more.
 Like if you just scoff your food, you don't feel full straight away. Do you? Yeah. You're not tasting the flavors. But I would have thought it might be because people don't like the sound of people chewing.
 I mean, it makes me feel ill hearing someone. Yeah. So next time you have a dinner party, if you haven't quite cooked enough food, just, I'm just going to pop some music on it. Just, just have a loud chewing.
 Yeah, I've been to a restaurant where they gave you some, I don't remember what it was now, but it was some seafood and that they gave you headphones and played you the sound of the sea while you were eating it and sprayed sort of salt in your face.
 It was just a fat dark or something. Yeah. And was it, did they throw your lifeboat halfway through it? She's going down.
 She stood up on the table with my arms outstretched. My wife grabbed me around the waist. Don't take the restaurant door off its hinges. Your wife gets on.
 That melty cheese that you can basically get in a big old vat and with a squirty bit on the top and you press it and it just squirts all this disgusting goop on your on your nachos.
 That was invented by a guy called Frank Liberto and he actually died in 2017 and the San Antonio Express noted that it was the day before national nachos day that he died, which is a bit sad.
 Can't, but stupid not to hang on, isn't it?
 He was like, he was like a lifetime member of the concession stand guild or something. Like in America, they have a big association of fast food concession companies and he was like one of the big big cheeses there.
 Now we work out why you were telling us that whole thing. You know how many people are called Bambi? Well, a lot.
 You think a lot of people are called Bambi? Yeah. Okay. Yeah. I feel it's a very reality TV name. I feel like it's fewer than damn things, but more than you think.
 He's probably someone in the middle. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Widdly, I think you're right now. No, I think now. I don't know. No, just in the year after Bambi came out, that was the first year in American history where five Bambis were born.
 It's a very pretty old Bambi choice if you've seen Bambi. You know, it's a kind of some nice name. But it's a...
 Why is it an old Bambi choice? Bambi is a great character, very lovable who doesn't die.
 But Bambi goes through a lot. I'd say along the way. No spoilers for once.
 Yeah, but don't get to it after Bambi's mother is all I'm saying. But this happens obviously with loads and loads of films. And so there was recently a new version of Cinderella out. Oh, yeah.
 There are now a hundred women ish in the in America who will be in their mid 70s who are all named Cinderella.
 Mm hmm. Okay. Yeah. Really? Yeah. That's just a surprising name. Yeah. I don't mind it. I don't mind it at all. It's just interesting.
 Cindy, you just go Cindy for short. I suppose you would. Do you remember the name Walter Plinge?
 Walter Plinge. I don't think so. Feel like I would. No, I don't think so.
 So we've mentioned the name Walter Plinge once before in 11 years. And I'm really disappointed you guys didn't recall it.
 I'm really annoyed. This is the British Alan Smithy. Oh, okay. And Alan Smithy is...
 It's a synonym that a person associated with a film could be a writer, director, actor who doesn't want to be associated with the film.
 So Smithy is the name. And that's what goes on the credits director by Alan Smithy.
 Actually, it was Martin Scorsese, but he's so embarrassed to have done the nutty professor five.
 They just take his name off the credits, et cetera. Walter Plinge is the British version.
 But there's another version of it, which is an actor who is mentioned extensively in a play, but doesn't turn up.
 But you don't want the audience to know that. Guadal. So starring Walter Plinge as Guadal would be a perfect example.
 I'm like, let's not reveal that Goddo doesn't spoil the alert. Turn up in waiting for Goddo.
 You'd say Walter Plinge. But now we've spoiled it.
 Yes, I'm afraid no one will be able to enjoy it. Not when they ever really did wait for Goddo again.
 Have you guys heard of the music festival Rocklet?
 I love it. It's a rock and reclet festival in the Alps every year.
 You should explain what reclet is actually, because I don't think I knew 10 years ago what it was.
 It's a sort of cheese thing, isn't it?
 I thought it was like a fondue. No, it's like so. They give you a big lump of cheese, and they put some tea lights under it.
 And then it melts and then you kind of scrape it off the cheese as it's melting and you can eat it with your pickles and stuff.
 It's like a cheese cabab. Sure. Yeah. No, it is. Yeah. Yeah. Like one of those big elephant feet.
 A lot of pot areas of London. They don't have cabab shops with the elephant legs in the window.
 They've just got a whack and great fondue and a very big tea light over the big thing.
 Yeah. That's what we call Rocklet. Rock and reclet.
 And this year's lineup, the genres include heavy shamanic doom, dark folk and post-indeed dream shougay's rock, none of which I understand.
 Sounds great, but they're all bands. They're all genres. They're all genres. They're all genres played by bands.
 You really would only go for the cheese, wouldn't you? I love you. I don't know what reclet is.
 Probably the most famous thing like that is these guys called Jim and Jim and Jim actually.
 There's two guys called Jim who had been twins and were separated at birth and adopted.
 And it turned out they both married someone called Linda. They both got divorced from Linda and remarried someone called Betty.
 One had named their first bond child James Allen and the other one James Allen with two L's. So almost the same. Each of them had a dog called toy.
 They drove the same car, same color of car, went to the same beach for the holidays and had the same cigarettes and beer.
 And this was a thing that happened in the 70s and it was quite famous at the time. I think people might remember it from the newspapers.
 And I've checked some of the old newspaper archives and I saw an interview with them and because this is all true, but obviously it's just a coincidence.
 And it's just the fact that if you've got 300 million people in America, a lot of these things are going to show up eventually.
 Can I ask quickly, why are they both called Jim?
 Well, actually, yeah, that's a good point because they've been adopted.
 So when they got adopted, they were given new names. Okay, it wasn't like them. It wasn't like they were taken away from their mother because she said I'll call them Jim and Jim.
 I apologise to anyone who was thinking that for the very start of that anecdote. I couldn't think about anything else.
 Yeah, saying the same thing. Anyway, these two gyms, I've read an interview with them and it was amazing.
 When this came out that this had happened, they became a little bit famous. And what happened was a load of psychologists got hold of them and started testing them.
 And they were tested, but they said 10 hours a day for six days where they were putting separate cells.
 Oh, what? Well, they've been tested on for people trying to see if they were psychically linked or something.
 Also rounds also rounds on like pop music sports. It's so weird. Like they would they would have like things testing their brainwaves and they sit them there for an hour with nothing happening.
 And then someone would come in and go, Jim. And then they would see if the other person's brain wave spikes as well and stuff like that.
 And did it turn out they both by the whole time going, this is bullshit. And everyone was like, oh, well, they are psychic. Yeah, what came out was actually there was lots of differences between them that had never come up in the newspapers because the newspapers all the looks at the things that were all the same interest.
 Although you say two brothers with the same name wouldn't happen. You know John Nash of beautiful mind Russell Crowe fame, who was the mathematician game theory mathematician who was then played by Russell Crowe more famously.
 He had a son more famously than himself playing himself, you mean? Yeah, yeah, okay.
 He had a son called John with one woman and then he had another son with his wife, Alicia, a different woman.
 And this is when he was becoming schizophrenic and he was in an institution, I think at that point. And Alicia said, I'm going to wait to name this child because I really want John to have an input.
 So she waited a year. This child had no name. He came out of the institution. She said, I've wasted what do you want to call your son? What did he call him?
 John, John. John Nash, two sons, both called John.
 Brains doesn't get you everywhere, does it?
 No, that's the George woman, of course, had just died. He has. He had six George's and a George, a George, a George.
 As well as the toaster, of course. Yeah, who he thought of as a son. He was asked that in an interview and he said, well, once you've been in a ring with Muhammad Ali,
 you've got a sonny list and all the other boxing grades and taken punches to the head, you'd name all your kids the same.
 There was a Scarborough football club in the 1970s had two players called Harry Dunn and Harry A Dunn. But the truth is they were both called Harry Dunn and they added a fictitious middle initial to one of them to make sure that everyone knew who did not have a middle name.
 The weird rarity with no middle name. Yeah, he didn't have a middle name. Okay, yeah. Did the other one because they should have gone with the other one.
 Well, the other one might have done, but he was really famously the other one. So they couldn't change his name. So they brought in a new Harry Dunn who was a lot younger and they said, well, can't call you Harry Dunn because there's already one.
 And he said, well, I don't have a middle name. And they said, I will just put the first letter we could think of.
 That's like the lesser Andy Murray having to call himself Andrew Hunter Murray, isn't it? Because it's like everyone knows the other Andy Murray. So you've got to call yourself something else.
 Cost of the quick.
 Never messes.
 Not lesser anymore.
 Okay. I think you've overtaken him.
 Thank you so much for that incredibly belated and half-hearted.
 Incredibly belated.
 You guys are familiar with the Canadian artist, the weakened.
 Yes.
 The weakened dropped. He used to be called the weakened. Yeah. But they dropped the E because there was already a Canadian band called the weakened.
 Really.
 And we could never have had this running joke on the podcast.
 We could never. We could never.
 The podcast could have been weakened without.
 I actually have a pop culture facts.
 You know Taylor Swift.
 Did you look. She looked her page.
 There's a guy called Taylor Lautner, who is in twilight and he went out with Taylor Swift.
 So if they'd got married, they would have both been Taylor Lautner, but they didn't get married. He ended up getting married to a nurse.
 He's now called Taylor Lautner, who was called Taylor as well. She was also called Taylor. He's got a type.
 He's got a type in its Taylor. Wow. Was it Evelyn War, who was married to an Evelyn War? Yeah.
 Well, yeah, yeah, they called them Evelyn and Evelyn. That's right.
 Okay, that is it. That is all of our outtakes. If you want to get in contact with us and you want to have anything read out on an upcoming episode of drop us a line,
 which is the mailbag episode where we go through all the emails and all the facts and questions that you have for us, then send that to podcast@QI.com.
 We love, love, love getting mail and do come see us live as I say Belgium and Sheffield.
 All the details are online on our website. Check it out. Okay, we'll be back again next time with a drop us a line.
 We will see you all then. Goodbye.
 [Music]
