 "Did you know what that woulda worked, isn't it?"
 "Did you know what that woulda worked, isn't it?"
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and
 Anna Chazinski.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that the rear-view mirror was invented so that racing drivers didn't
 have to have a person sitting next to them in the car explaining what was going on behind
 them.
 Yes, I think bizarrely I found this out because I saw a post for an insurance site or something,
 but anyway, it was invented for the Indy 500 inaugural race in 1911, so the Indy 500 is
 that big race that happens in Indianapolis.
 1911, it was one by a guy called Ray Haroon.
 And basically the reason he won it was that he realised that the cars always had two people
 in them, the driver, and then the person who had to do a number of things, one of which
 included turning round and saying if there were any cars behind them in dangerous positions
 to make sure there wasn't a pile up or a big crash.
 And Ray thought that's a lot of extra weight, wonder if I can avoid that, and what he did
 was he got a mirror and placed it in the middle of his car, hanging in the middle of his car
 on a pole, and then he won the race because he halved the weight in the car.
 He did win the race, although we're not 100% sure that he actually won the race.
 As in, he got given the prize, but the truth was that no one really knew how to count all
 the laps or time things or anything like that, and there were loads of pit stops, so really
 no one actually knew who won the race.
 How did they decide?
 They just went, I feel like it should be over now, next person to cross the line.
 A little bit like that.
 There was a guy whose job it was to kind of putt who was in the lead, and they would change
 it every now and then.
 But the truth was that some people took two minutes to change a tire, some people took
 them 15 minutes to change a tire, some cars would come out of the pit lane, and then back
 up over the finishing line, and then go back over again so it added an extra, that really
 happened.
 Oh my god.
 That couldn't have been loud.
 They didn't know what was going on at all.
 They just didn't have the technology to work out times or anything like this.
 It sounds like a cheat that you would do in Mario Kart.
 I remember doing that kind of thing in Diddy Kong racing, and you see how close you can loop
 around the finishing kind of post for it to count.
 And it never does.
 Never does.
 So the technology there is more advanced than that.
 There was a guy called Mulford, who was pretty sure that he'd won, and he went across
 the finishing line.
 And then what you always did was you did an insurance lap at the end just to make sure
 that you've done the right distance, because people might think, oh, you've done one
 not enough.
 And so he did his insurance lap, and then when he got to the end of the insurance
 lap, he found that someone else had claimed the victory, which was Haroon, and Haroon was
 already being shared as the victor.
 And he's like, no way.
 I finished like two minutes ago.
 Wow.
 I think that Haroon used to work as a chauffeur.
 And he apparently, I read one account that said, he got the idea for a review mirror in
 a car from a review mirror that he saw in a horse-drawn carriage.
 That's what he said.
 Certainly.
 Well, that makes sense, because pretty much everything in cars came from horse-drawn
 carriages, didn't they?
 I guess so.
 I think you have a horse-drawn carriage with mirrors.
 I was looking for a horse-drawn carriage mirrors, and I don't think they were really a thing.
 The only reference I could find to advising there be mirrors in horse-drawn carriages were
 saying there has to be a mirror in order that the lady in the carriage at some point
 might want to check her makeup.
 Yeah, it seems like that was the real innovator that guy in the horse-drawn carriage that
 he saw.
 Yeah.
 Just on horse-drawn carriages and how they sort of competed with cars, there was this
 early concept in 1899 when there was a point where cars and horse-drawn carriages were into
 mingling and it was scaring farmers and it was particularly scaring horses.
 So a guy called Uriah Smith, and this was in Battle Creek, Michigan, invented this contraption
 called the horsey horseless carriage, and you put a horse's head on the front of your car,
 and it looks like you're just riding a horse, but you're actually driving your car.
 It's all sort of except that the horse doesn't have a back end, doesn't it?
 Yeah, I guess if you were approaching a horse, it would be like, "Oh yeah, this is
 a horse."
 It's like if the horse was entering the room and only its head had popped in, you might
 think it was a horse.
 Yeah.
 But then?
 Is it like a pantomime if one guy doesn't turn up?
 It is like that, and it's quite frightening, because it's just up to the neck.
 It looks like someone's stuffed and mounted a horse's head and stuck it on the front of
 their car to our eyes.
 Yeah.
 And the other thing was that they said, because I read a bit about it, they said that
 I think the horse's head was full of petrol, because it was an extra fuel reserve in case
 you ran it in the main tank. It is a good idea until you hit something, at which point it
 becomes a real fire liability, because you just smash a big petrol tank into someone else.
 Explosion.
 Oh yeah.
 But they were so paranoid, weren't they?
 I think we did a QI episode on this a few years ago, but there was that thing where various
 rules were written in the highway code or equivalent in America, which said things like,
 if you're driving a car and you think a horse is approaching about a mile away, you hear
 a horse topping in approach, you have to carry with you a scene of the surrounding countryside
 which you stop your car and you throw the countryside scene over your car.
 That's so annoying, especially when it's just a guy with two coconuts walking past you.
 I thought it was that you had to dismantle the car.
 And sometimes you had to dismantle the car.
 The whole car.
 Yeah, you just sort of had to take it apart and hide it by the hedge.
 That was written down as well.
 Now I remember researching this and I think there was a lot of exaggeration about so I could
 never work out what they actually did and what was actually written as a joke in the highway
 code.
 And I don't think they ever actually fully produced the horsey horseless thing.
 It was, yeah, it was concept designed and patented, yeah.
 Yeah.
 There have been some great car patents over the years though, I was looking at some of them.
 So one car invention that never really took off was a 1935, the dog sack, which is if you
 don't want to keep your pet in your car because it gets hair everywhere, then it's a sack
 that clamps onto the running board of the car and then it hooks onto an open window and
 you tie your dog up in it and you can carry it outside the car.
 That's good because dogs like to stick their head out of the window, don't they?
 Perfect.
 They're just now the whole body's outside the window.
 Yeah.
 That's what they've always wanted.
 Just put a dog in one of those.
 It would probably stick its head in the window.
 I think dogs just like to stick their head through windows.
 That's my theory.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 That's true.
 Did you hear about the steering wheel of death?
 No.
 This is a car innovation on a Cadillac, the 1954 Cadillac El Dorado.
 This is obviously really expensive cars, you know, they're very luxurious.
 But the steering wheel of this Cadillac had a kind of bullet-shaped spike in the middle
 of it.
 Right.
 So imagine a really large bullet, the pointy end of the bullet, you know, at the front
 end as it were.
 So that was just in the middle of the steering wheel.
 So obviously that's quite dangerous in the event of a crash.
 And that's how it got the nickname.
 And Sammy Davis, Jr., he had a crash in one of those cars and his face hit the wheel and
 he lost an eye as a result.
 So do you explain why they had this spike in the steering wheel?
 Eusthetics.
 No way.
 Designed.
 It's not useful.
 It wasn't useful for anything.
 It was, you know, when that was the era when cars had these fantastic cars.
 Oh, that was the era where there were spikes in the middle of every car, like an iron
 maiden.
 You would drive around.
 Boxes of TNT.
 It's more rounded than a full-on spike.
 Right.
 It doesn't look like an extra spike.
 But it does look like a big bullet.
 The Sammy Davis Jr. lost his eye because of that.
 Wow.
 Well, there was that idea that someone came up with, which was just a design idea.
 It wasn't real of putting a massive spike in every steering wheel.
 And the idea is that it would just make everyone drive really carefully.
 Oh, yeah.
 The opposite of an airbag.
 It's a real carrot or stick kind of a foot.
 Yeah.
 The Duke of Edinburgh has been impaled again.
 Yeah.
 Here's another Cadillac invention just very quickly that didn't work out.
 They tried to put working toilets in the inside of their cars.
 That was in 1947.
 You can see photos of it.
 It looks really incredible.
 Great idea.
 It was in the back seat.
 Yeah.
 And you would have what was a proper toilet in this photo.
 But the problem was it just didn't make sense really to have it.
 What?
 Why not?
 Why not?
 Because the amount of space that you'd need for the tank, for the flush, the smell was
 too great.
 There was a lot of splash back, apparently, in the testing and the smells.
 Yeah.
 These feel like problems we can overcome.
 Yeah.
 It looked so cool.
 And this splash bag, for instance, obviously don't have it be water-based, silly.
 Oh, just have it like a cat litter tray.
 Exactly.
 It makes handcastles if you don't need the loo.
 It's multi-purpose.
 That's to think there are lots of rules, aren't there, about how fun you can make things
 on the road.
 Like service stations.
 Right.
 There are rules.
 In fact, there are laws about what you're allowed to have at a service station, because
 the road, the motorway network is so important for people for, you know, transport that you
 can't have say, I don't know, a casino at a service station, because you can't have anything
 there that would mean people went there, especially.
 It's interesting though, because every single service station does have slot machines in it.
 Yeah.
 Remember when we were on tour?
 Literally every single one.
 Yeah.
 Casino was a very bad example.
 I don't know, kind of thing.
 Brothels?
 Brothels.
 Brothels.
 Brothels.
 That's the only reason there are no problems.
 Thanks to the MNAT.
 There has to be just, you know, refueling going to the toilet and the slot machine.
 There's so much fun stuff on the British highway.
 Well, they very recently opened a weather spoons in one of them, didn't they?
 And that was a massive deal.
 And everyone thought it was a terrible idea, because you shouldn't have.
 Be able to sell our collar service stations, but they didn't do.
 I went into a box that simulated a hurricane on one of the slots.
 On one of our tour.
 Did you make a special journey?
 Would you make a special journey?
 No, we weren't.
 No, no, no, no.
 It was just as off as very dangerous.
 I do.
 But I've never heard of that being anywhere else, like a hurricane box.
 That's true, yeah.
 So which services was it?
 It was when we were on tour, our last tour.
 Well, no, Dan, don't encourage it.
 This whole point is you shouldn't make special journeys to a service station.
 No, I'm going.
 I'm going.
 Because then I'm going to get drunk at the weather spoons, play a bit of slot machines.
 Do the hurricane thing.
 Go to the brothel and then try back.
 Great news.
 I got blown off of the services.
 I'm done.
 I did the hurricane box.
 Back to the Indy 500, would you mind?
 So one of the things with the Indy 500 winners is that they drink a cup of milk after the
 race.
 And it's a tradition that was born in 1936, Lewis Mayer.
 He finished and he asked for buttermilk after the race.
 And it was a dairy executive who saw him drinking it in a picture.
 And they sort of, they must have approached them.
 And that tradition was born.
 And so when you're going to race, they ask you what kind of milk would you like just so
 we can have it ready for you?
 Does that mean like a full fat or half fat?
 Exactly.
 And, uh, majorotively, it's full fat.
 They found, uh, they just released the latest, um, sort of preference.
 I'm sorry.
 I was kidding.
 Why are you surprised by that?
 I'm just like something's going to milk.
 And you thought, because you're such a great racing driver, you thought, oh, my buddies.
 Well, in this, in this hipster era, they must be having to stock way more milk than
 usual.
 They'll be having almond and oats and lactose free.
 In 1913, the winner was Joule Gu, who was a French driver.
 He won by 13 minutes, actually.
 Um, but he drank champagne throughout the race.
 In fact, um, some people think he might have had as many as six bottles of champagne during
 the course of the race.
 Wow.
 Awesome.
 He definitely had at least half a pint in his first pit stop.
 And then he was drinking it throughout the race.
 Wow.
 So he won the race, but he did lose his driving license.
 You would really have benefited from the car with a toilet in the back.
 Yes, definitely.
 You can't climb into the back of the car, I'll probably be racing.
 The trophy for the Indy 500 for people who aren't familiar with it, which I wasn't really
 is ridiculous.
 It's amazing.
 It's revolting.
 So it is.
 I love it.
 Dan loves it.
 It's, um, so it's five at all.
 It's ridiculously large.
 Uh, it's all made of silver.
 And as soon as you win the race, you get your head sculpted onto it and attach.
 And then they ran out of space on it and in the 80s, I think so they had to add an extra
 level so they could get more heads on it.
 So it's got all the old guys heads as well.
 It's the old heads.
 He's got a French guy looking a bit pissed.
 Yeah.
 Everyone else has got like that milk mustache that you get.
 Okay, it's time for fact number two.
 And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that a 2018 paper suggesting that people who have a surname,
 which occurs towards the end of the alphabet, are more likely to end up academically and
 professionally undistinguished, was co-authored by Professor Jeffrey Zachs.
 I love co-author because he couldn't even individually alter his own.
 Well, he co-authored it with a guy whose name was Corley beginning with C.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He was the brains behind it.
 Wasn't he?
 Jeffrey Zachs is quite cool, actually.
 He's a University of Boulder psychologist and I listened to an interview with him on a radio
 show called Top of the Mind and they asked him, you know, is there reason you're doing this
 because obviously you had a bad time of it because of your name.
 And he said he was sensitized to the issue because of that, but actually it doesn't affect
 him because according to their studies, it doesn't affect people who are distinguished
 in any other way.
 So if you're kind of top of your class at school or bottom of your class or you look different
 or you're more attractive or less attractive, it doesn't really affect you.
 It only affects people who are right in the middle, but they found that actually it does affect
 them.
 It means it gives them less distinction at high school, less satisfaction at high school and
 lower educational attainment after they've left school.
 And until you're about middle aged, it affects you quite badly according to them.
 What's the justification here?
 Is it just about reading out the register?
 No.
 So there are a few different reasons.
 It's, so for instance, infant school, a lot of kids are putting alphabetical order.
 So the kids beginning with A near the front of the class, which means they get more attention.
 They don't just tend to get asked more for things.
 So for not school, for instance, if your name is towards a start of the alphabet, you're
 less likely to give money to charity.
 And that's because you get run up more because your name is at the front of the alphabet and
 you get more annoyed by it.
 And so you're less likely to give money.
 Really?
 It's also like, when it's graduation and they're handing out diplomas, this is one of
 the things mentioned.
 You start 8 a.m.
 It's all really exciting at the top, but by the time you get to Zuckerberg, you know,
 yeah, and that's why he never made anything else out of it, right?
 But when you get to the end, most people have left because they want to get the restaurants
 early and everyone who's applauding their arms are tired and stuff like that.
 And so, and I can understand if you're marking a big pile of exam papers, and Aaron J.
 Aaronson makes a point.
 And then Sammy, Sammy makes up the same point.
 You think, I read this in Aaron J. Aaronson's article and that was hours ago.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Exactly.
 So, and the teacher might say, okay, can someone read the report?
 Aaron J. Aaronson, can you do it?
 And then by the time Zuckerberg gets there, he just never gets asked.
 And so, you have less confidence in public speaking as well.
 So, this genuinely does seem to be a thing.
 Yeah, although I'm not sure about his way of, I'm not sure about Zach's way of combating
 it.
 One of the ways he says he combats it is that he is a professor, so we ask students.
 And he always calls the class register in reverse order, which seems to be, to just be recreating
 the problem for the opposite way around.
 He suggests that people should maybe do something to distinguish themselves like
 dress strangely on something that's one of the specific things he said.
 Like, just so that people notice you because it's the people who aren't noticed who struggle
 the most.
 And if you're later on in the alphabet, you're more likely not to be noticed if you're otherwise
 distinguished.
 Yes, that's right.
 And it works the other way around.
 So, there's another study which is that authors whose surnames are ranked towards the front
 of the alphabet are more likely to be cited in scientific papers.
 Oh.
 And that was lead offered by a guy called Ass Nalt.
 So he has obviously seen that he's been cited more often than others because he's an
 A.
 And also he has the word 'ass' in his name, which I help.
 And for presidential candidates in America, that's another thing they think influences because
 that's in alphabetical order as well when you go in for doing that.
 So you're more likely to go for someone at the top of it.
 Who's this George Washington guy who would have self-implaced, isn't he?
 I know.
 Who came after him?
 Adams.
 Yeah.
 And George Washington only became president because he sees how, as he pulled us out, he
 would put himself in never-of-one a fair election.
 Yeah, okay.
 There are definitely countries where it's law that on the ballot paper you have to mix it
 up, aren't there?
 Or you do half and half on ballot papers because people just tick an A because it's a lot
 of effort when you go to the ballot box and you're in a hurry to get to work anyway.
 You just cross the first one you see, don't you?
 One thing I think Zack's found, which is encouraging, is that by the time you're in
 your mid-30s, the effect, lessons, to the point of disappearance.
 Because you've been distinguished in some other way by then.
 So people are judging you not on your name but on what you've done in life.
 Yeah.
 Oh, I thought it was because you weren't having registered taking any more.
 Probably not, too.
 Probably.
 The time is thirty-five.
 The paper, just for anyone listening, is called Alphabetism, the effects of surname
 initial and the cost of being otherwise undistinguished.
 And that paper has ninety-six citations and I counted them and there are seventy-seven
 from A to M and only seventeen from N to Z.
 Wow.
 So they're compounding the problem.
 Proof.
 I find it so weird that Leonardo da Vinci doesn't have a surname.
 Always true.
 Always thought that was his surname.
 All Vinci, just for people who were like me who didn't know that.
 Yeah.
 But what do you mean by "doesn't have a surname" because our surnames are like that as
 well.
 In the end, that does end up being your surname.
 So there was, for instance, in 2016, I think that someone compiled a dictionary of
 fifty thousand surnames from Britain that go all the way back to like the eleventh century
 and they found that about half of the most common ones were locative, which is basically
 that ones that say what place you're from.
 You know, so like less, if your surname is Leicester or if you're surnames and I can't
 think of like Jack London or Stafford.
 Stafford.
 Exactly.
 So it's still the same kind of thing.
 George Washington.
 George Washington.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I don't know if any of your surnames have a mind will be kin will be family of I should
 think.
 It's Irish anyway.
 Yes.
 Of course.
 Don't know about Murray.
 Murray, I read ages ago, it's both, there's claims for it in Scotland and Ireland, the
 battle out for what you know.
 Murray is a place presumably in Scotland as well.
 Moray.
 Yeah.
 Murray.
 Moray Firth.
 There's a moray eel.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, I think there's an eel somewhere in my family tree.
 Yeah.
 Tishinsky means son of Tishinsky.
 Tishinsky is like a bird.
 The name is like a bird.
 So some are descriptors and that's one of the most common types of name you have as well
 when you go back.
 Why are you looking at me?
 I am like a bird.
 I'm like a bird.
 I'm like a bird.
 That's right.
 Well, about a fifth of surnames in fact in our country are like that as in descriptors.
 So like good fellow.
 That's a nice descriptive one.
 Yeah.
 Short is either means that the person who had that nickname was really short or it often
 meant that they were really tall.
 So you never know.
 Because it was like the funny ironic thing, you know, and you're like, all right, sure.
 See, it was a tall guy.
 There were quite a lot of those.
 That's sick.
 Does it?
 Could it mean that whoever was called Godfellow was actually a bit of a twatter?
 Yeah.
 Whereas we're as poor Derek Twatt from one of the nicest and kindest families in the town.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that grocery bags used in Hollywood movies don't rustle.
 Oh, yeah.
 Why aren't we allowed them?
 I know.
 So this is something that I read on a website called proptrics.com.
 This is the website of a man who invented these bags.
 I'm about to tell you about Tim Schultz's name.
 And it's when on movie sets, you see people carrying any kind of bags.
 Especially when you're recording, that makes so much noise that they can't cancel out that
 it ruins scenes.
 I have to constantly rerecord scenes.
 And he was on the set of a TV show back in the day that starred Martin Lawrence called
 Martin.
 And Martin, as he's coming into the room, gets his pants taken off by a doorframe that he
 gets caught on.
 So he has to exit wearing only a bag and it kept rustling or rather, that was the scene
 and he thought, how are we going to do this without it causing so much noise that you're
 not going to hear the scene?
 So he went away and invented a silent grocery bag.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And it's used in tons of movies now.
 And he's expanded his horizons.
 It's not just grocery bags.
 He's got department store bags, bakery bags, lunch store bags, doggie bags.
 He's done silent gift tissue and silent cellophane for wrapping flowers in.
 Wow.
 Which aren't completely silent.
 You can hear them slightly.
 Because it would be weird if someone was wrapping up present.
 That was no sound effect.
 Yeah.
 You would believe it.
 Well, no, that's the point.
 Exactly.
 You added on post with Foley.
 Yeah.
 So how do you know what they're made of?
 Well, I've tried to find out, but I wonder if it's if I haven't dug hard enough or it's
 an industry secret that he's holding onto, like the secrets of Coca-Cola mix.
 He could at least tell theatres, couldn't he?
 He could at least put them on boiled sweets in theatres because I think that's where that
 causes the most problems is plus the plastic crackling thing.
 There is a company called Silent Snacks that in 2016 launched a whole load of products
 to have in cinemas and theatres which don't Russell or don't make any noise.
 Wow.
 Like what?
 Ground popcorn.
 No, basically, instead of being like lumps of popcorn, it's just kind of popcorn dust.
 Disgusting.
 Cocoa butter balls.
 They kind of melt in your mouth rather than like, I guess, like heavenms at my crunch thing.
 And crisps, they've got silent crisps.
 Well, they're dehydrated past slices.
 Apparently they're just bendy enough to be pleasant, but not too crisp.
 I don't think any level of bendiness in my crisp is pleasant.
 No.
 No, I don't think you want a bending crystal.
 I think, if you hear the phrase, it's just bendy enough to be pleasant.
 I thought dates were taking a banter.
 They also invented an anti-gas grapefruit drink.
 Anti-gas.
 Anti-gas.
 Anti-gas.
 Stop you burping and farting, yeah.
 Is that a major problem in cinemas?
 It is if you go with me.
 Wow.
 Could you play the last ten minutes again, please?
 So, on movie props, the same newspaper has been being read in movies for about 20 years.
 There's this one newspaper that keeps cropping up in lots and lots of films.
 It's been in no country for old men.
 It's been in the Texas Chainsaw massacre.
 It's been in desperate housewives.
 So when you see someone in a film reading a paper, do you know other headlamps?
 Can you remember that?
 No, I don't.
 I didn't write it down.
 Man lands on moon.
 I'll just go one more thing on how to keep a set quiet in your filming.
 Lord of the Rings, when they were filming, they obviously had a ginormous crew and there
 were two people on that crew whose job it was to sit at the local airport that they were
 closest to when they were filming and to call ahead when planes were taking off.
 So they knew to not film a scene because very soon, yeah, they would have the sound.
 So you didn't have the sound of error plays, you just had lots of sounds of mobile phones
 going off.
 That's what Gandalf's pocket was buzzing.
 In Lord of the Rings, one of the props they had actually was a giant ring or a big ring
 anyway.
 So they had to have quite a lot of rings.
 There's one ring to rule them all, et cetera, but there's actually a number of replicas.
 Bringing another one of those one rings to rule them all.
 So it can fit different fingers because different people wear it, but then also they had
 a really big one about the size of a football it looks like in the photos.
 And that's for when you do wheeled closeups, then you want it to look really intricate.
 So there's a scene where when you know you can sort of tell it's a really seminal scene
 in the fellowship of the ring where Frodo drops the ring, he's supposed to be carrying
 it.
 And he's like, oh no, where's it gone?
 And he looks up and Boram is picking it up and you see the ring being picked up out
 of the snow.
 And that's a giant ring.
 And when you make a giant hand.
 No, you don't see his hand come down.
 You see the chain attached to the ring be lifted up, so they made a big chain to go with it.
 Cool.
 I know.
 I thought you were going to say because are they all dwarfs or something in all the rings
 harbors?
 Yeah, so you'd need a big one to make it look like they're all really small.
 Is that not what I don't think that was wiper, maybe it had that.
 That's so great.
 So that's the only prop they had to adjust the size of the hobbits.
 So they got their hands over a ring, you can see Frodo's enormous ring.
 They're not borrowers.
 I haven't seen it in the in the book or in the whole thing.
 Does the ring change size?
 No.
 No.
 I think so.
 Does everyone in the line of the rings like have the same size fingers?
 Yeah, that's a great question.
 I don't know.
 You never wear it.
 You never wear the ring because of it.
 Yeah, they do.
 They go disappearing.
 It makes you visible.
 It presumably must be magic to adjust to the owner's finger or some people it just
 doesn't fit on.
 Maybe sometimes you can put it like, for instance, my wife's wedding ring will fit on my
 little finger.
 Yeah.
 So maybe they do that.
 No, it's not.
 Okay.
 This ring has the power to create evil across the world.
 My wife's wedding ring.
 It can adjust size according to kind of it.
 Is that a thing?
 I don't know if it is.
 I don't know.
 So if I tried to put it on my neck, could it kind of get bigger so it went on my neck?
 It's a magic ring.
 I could do whatever it wants.
 No one.
 But he never says.
 Oh, and then it made itself a bit smaller.
 So it could hit on Frodo's tiny things.
 It's not Frodo's card.
 Those scenes were deleted.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Oh, I was reading a few blogs by a woman called Ellen Freund.
 I think F.R.E.U.N.D. who is, I think she's one of Hollywood's main prop makers, really.
 It was really interesting.
 So she did the props for Mad Men and stuff like that, really good period pieces.
 But it must be so frustrating because a lot of the props that you make as a prop maker
 never get seen by an audience, they're just to create the environment for the actors.
 So as you were saying, every single draw that someone opened in Mad Men, you wouldn't see
 inside it from the camera angle.
 But the actors had to see all the stuff they thought their character might have.
 You joking.
 No way.
 Surely you can just put a little post it now saying there is a, you know, stuff in this
 drama.
 There is stuff in this drama.
 Yeah.
 No, these people can't pretend that there's stuff in this drama.
 You've got to see the stuff.
 That's so patsy.
 Yeah.
 So they're not very good actors at all.
 But if the actors are freaked out by an empty draw, imagine how they're going to be freaked
 out by the massive film crew who are on the other half of their office.
 Yeah.
 They all have to disguise themselves as wallpaper.
 Laughter.
 Laughter.
 Then I'll have to hide behind the picture of the countryside.
 She made some kind of creepy also making props, Ellen did, because she said, you can obviously
 Google stuff what things look like when you're trying to work out, you know, what a book
 would have looked like in the 1920s.
 Yeah.
 You can't possibly imagine.
 But it shows in the one object that it hasn't really changed for a long time.
 Laughter.
 She said, you, really, the only way you can get a proper idea for what, let's say she has
 to design a bunch of stuff for 13 reasons why it was she worked on, which is contemporary
 teenagers.
 Right.
 She said, you've got to go out into the world and see what they're actually wearing.
 So she said, I've got to go out and stand near high school's friends.
 And I'll watch the children all day to make sure that I understand what they're back
 back.
 But surely they all just wear school uniforms.
 And maybe she goes to the Mafty schools.
 Mafty schools.
 Yeah.
 It is Mafty in 13 reasons why.
 There you go.
 Yeah.
 So she goes to Mafty schools.
 And then she says, I'll go down to the mall where I know the kids are shopping and then
 I'll watch them there to see what sort of stuff they're, I mean, she must look like a real
 weirdo.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Especially depending on the kind of thing you're filming as well.
 Yes.
 If you're filming something set in a morgue, you have to go and hang out around a morgue
 or see what they're wearing.
 But make sure you go to a Mafty mall.
 Okay.
 It's time for our final fact of the show and that is Andy.
 My fact is that eating ginger can make you feel better about drinking out of a toilet.
 Is that because it tastes a bit better?
 It's not.
 And this is a, by the way, this is a toilet that's never been used.
 Oh, okay.
 So would you drink out of a toilet that's never been used?
 Yes.
 Do I have any other options?
 Like, could I just drink out of a glass instead?
 No, the glass.
 There's no glass.
 There's no glass.
 So am I really thirsty?
 No, you had a cup of tea about an hour ago.
 Was there a ginger biscuit I had with this cup of tea?
 Yeah, yeah.
 All right.
 Okay.
 Yeah, I'm cool.
 Yeah.
 I can see it works.
 So this is an experiment.
 Ginger is said to help prevent nausea.
 And there's a lot of debate about whether you get disgusted because of a moral judgment
 that you've made or whether it's kind of the other way around, whether a moral judgment's
 guide, what we then find disgusting or whether disgust is inherent.
 And then we just based on that.
 So there was an experiment at the University of British Columbia, which gave patients ginger
 capsules and it experimented how disgusting people found things when they had had those,
 as opposed to when they hadn't had those.
 So the experiment found that it reduced how disgusted people were by moderately disgusting
 photos, like a photo with some snot in a napkin.
 But it did not help extremely disgusting things like form it in a toilet.
 Right.
 And they then tested how it affected so-called purity violations, which is a bit breaking
 taboos about purity and cleanliness.
 So for example, people who'd taken ginger were less strict about moderate violations like
 drinking from a never-used toilet bowl.
 But apparently it did not have an effect on extreme purity violations like sex between
 cousins.
 Right.
 But if you had more ginger, do you think, yeah, how much ginger would you need?
 Just like your cousin.
 It just implies that eating ginger, you can numb your moral compass, right?
 If you have to commit a crime, there's nothing you can do, and you're grossed out by it.
 If I have a shed load of ginger, then I'll feel less guilty.
 They said it works to a certain extent, but it depends on the crime you think it works.
 It only works on really, really minor crimes.
 Yeah.
 I think that came out a few years ago that was saying that the more easily disgusted you are,
 the more likely you are to be conservative, and it can actually be used as a predictor
 of your voting even.
 And this holds true across 121 countries they looked at.
 So the more conservative people are, the more easily triggered their disgust reactions
 are.
 What I found interesting is that, like you say, the people who are more disgusted are more
 likely to vote conservative, but also that between 2013 and 2016, the value of ginger
 imported into the UK has fallen by 15%.
 So maybe that's why we've become a more conservative country.
 People are eating less ginger.
 Maybe.
 Let's start giving out gingerbread biscuits on the streets.
 You know there's a thing called disgustology, as scientists do look into this, call themselves
 disgustologists, kind of a self-given name.
 That might become a surname in like 200 years.
 Well, one woman who could have it is Professor Val Curtis, who has a lot of the thing you
 have to do when you're one of these scientists is you have to come up with scenarios.
 And in one of her experiments, she had to come up with 70 different scenarios, and I just
 wanted to tell you a few of them, can you just tell me whether they're disgusting or not.
 So imagining a hairless old cat rubbing up against one's leg.
 All right.
 I'm not a big fan of cats in general, actually.
 OK.
 That's a Siamese cat in my head.
 All right.
 Stepping on a slug in bare feet hates having actual phobia of slugs.
 OK.
 It's OK for me.
 Feeling someone coffin to your face.
 I'm OK.
 I'm OK.
 I'm better with that than with the slugs.
 OK.
 Shaking hands with someone with scabby fingers.
 Fine.
 That's all right.
 Yeah, I'm a bit like, but I wouldn't be disgusted.
 I think I am the scabby fingers.
 Finding out a friend attempted to have sex with a piece of fruit.
 I mean, you're only ever going to be amused by that.
 It depends on the fruit.
 What fruit would not be amusing?
 It's true.
 It's true.
 Two more.
 Learning your neighbour defecates in his back garden.
 Is that disgusting?
 It's his own back garden.
 Yeah.
 But he's your neighbour.
 And the final one is this disgusting o not.
 "Seeing pus coming from a genital sore."
 That doesn't mean it.
 That's up quite quickly.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I read a thing.
 There's this psychologist have this idea that we have disgusted disposal effect.
 See, I do that if we are surrounded by things that disgust us, we really want
 to get out of the situation.
 The study showed that if you were selling stuff, if you were exposed to things that disgusted
 you and then you had to do your deal, you would reduce the price massively just to get
 out of the situation.
 Does that make sense?
 So if you're in a room that's full of vomit, and you're selling something on eBay, you
 will accept a lower amount, but you're on a desktop computer which can't be moved out
 of the room.
 And the only power point is in that room that's full of vomit.
 Yeah.
 We did a different thing in their experiments.
 Oh, well.
 Yeah.
 We'll design our experiments differently.
 That's my one.
 Yeah.
 It's weird though.
 It does, because I think if you could then go to a market and haggle and you could manufacture,
 like say, put a naked, hairless old cat against the man's leg who's selling you the trinket,
 you could reduce your price.
 Naturally.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So I have one.
 I've been a market haggling for a trinket.
 Yeah.
 And I've got my hairless naked old cat under my arm.
 Yeah.
 I need to rub that against the seller.
 You might get the reduced price.
 You might scabby fingers as well.
 Yeah.
 But then tell you, do you know, I just tried to have sex with that mango.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I think this is all it dulled trumps the art of the deal, isn't it?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, Andy, @AndreyHunterM, James.
 That's James Harkin.
 And Chazinsky.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yeah, but you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing, or you can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 Everything is up there.
 All of our previous episodes, tickets to our upcoming tour in March do come along.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you all then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
