 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live
 from Up The Creek in Greenwich, London!
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Toshensky,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that some shows at the Roman Coliseum
 featured sausage dogs.
 (audience laughing)
 - People fighting sausage dogs?
 - It's so unclear.
 It's so unclear what the actual thing is.
 Maybe.
 I mean, the thing is they would be quite far away.
 - You wouldn't get great visibility
 on a sausage dog from that distance.
 If you were in the back, you'd have no idea
 what was going on.
 - Yeah, that's true.
 - But maybe it was a swarm of sausage dogs
 against one Christian.
 You know, that is possible.
 - Would you rather fight a thousand
 Christian-sized sausage dogs?
 (audience laughing)
 - A thousand Christian-sized sausage dogs?
 (audience laughing)
 Or what?
 - Or not.
 (audience laughing)
 - They often didn't get a choice.
 Fun fact, in the Coliseum,
 so we should say there's a study.
 There's been an archeological study done recently
 and these are Daxons, Vena dogs,
 whatever you want to call them.
 And they were the kind of precursor,
 the prototypes of these dogs
 'cause the modern breed only emerged
 in about the 18th and 19th century.
 But they were basically this kind of dog.
 - If you went back in time when you saw one,
 you would think it was a sausage dog.
 - Exactly.
 The thing is we genuinely don't know what they thought.
 The archeologists have been crawling
 in the sewers under the Coliseum for a year.
 They spent a year crawling in the mud on their stomachs
 and they found lots of stuff.
 They found seven coins,
 which does not feel like a good return on investment.
 - It's not a good wage, is it, for the year?
 - And they found some bones.
 They found some leopard bones.
 They found some lions and ostrich bones.
 But they also found these dogs.
 And we don't know were they part of staged battles,
 which is great fun, or were they acrobats,
 which is also fun.
 - Which is amazing.
 - There isn't a slightly more boring explanation,
 which is that they might have been used
 to kind of hunt rats.
 - Okay, 'cause when you're at the Coliseum,
 loads of people there, you're eating lots of snacks.
 It could be that they tried to stop the rodents,
 but I mean, I'd rather think of them as acrobats.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's all speculation.
 Did we not write stuff down back then?
 Because I'm pretty sure we did.
 How is it that sausage dogs have escaped history?
 Yet we are--
 - That's a great question.
 - There was a lot going on at the Coliseum.
 It was some mad shit for about 500 years.
 You couldn't write every single thing down every day.
 - I'm sorry, if I walked out of the end of an evening
 at the Coliseum and I saw Gladiators fighting,
 I'm not saying that.
 I'm going, "Did anyone see the fucking sausage dog?"
 (laughing)
 - But no, but there was so much more weird stuff than that.
 Like the real acrobats did amazing things.
 And one of the frustrating things is
 we don't have that much information
 'cause people write about it in fragments.
 Sometimes we've only got little bits of writing.
 There was the Petaurus,
 which the sources we have suggest was a giant seesaw.
 And we think it was used at kind of half time
 in the Coliseum.
 So there's huge seesaw and you'd have
 two opponents competing on either side.
 And one would jump onto it
 and it would fling the other one up in the air.
 I think about 30 feet in the air.
 - No, stop it.
 Stop it.
 - Apparently they'd go through,
 they'd go through hoops of flame,
 I think one of the sources said.
 And then come back down.
 Then the other one gets flung in the air.
 There is an account of them falling
 to their death sometimes, as will happen.
 - Wasn't there an account of them putting criminals on there?
 - Yeah.
 - And the idea is the lions come in, right?
 And they're going to attack the guy
 who's the bottom of the seesaw.
 So you're always trying to get to the top of your seesaw
 so that he's at the bottom.
 - I think that sometimes is speculated
 that that might be what they were used for.
 - It is, but the suggestion, the problem is,
 as soon as the other guy gets eaten,
 you're fucked, aren't you?
 - Yeah.
 - The weird thing is, this is all the half time shows though.
 Lots of what we're talking about now
 is the half time shows in between,
 what, "Jarriot Races?"
 And then maybe other five and the gladiators.
 - A lot of the damnatio ad bestias,
 so being killed by wild animals basically,
 organized by a group of people called the bestiary.
 There are lots of sources claiming that the bestiary
 were incredible trainers of animals
 and they would train animals to kill people
 in incredibly elaborate ways
 that referenced myths for people.
 So they would recreate death scenes.
 You guys remember the story of Prometheus?
 He stole fire from the gods and then he was punished.
 He was chained to a rock and a liver would fly down every day.
 And peck out his eagle.
 Uh...
 Ah!
 So, eagle would fly down every day.
 - But they recreated it the opposite way round.
 - Exactly, yeah.
 Supposedly one bestiarius spent months and months
 training a single eagle to remove a man's organs.
 - Wow, really? - I can't believe that's true.
 - Wow. - Like, yeah.
 - The half time shows sounded amazing.
 They kind of sound like a modern half time show
 of, let's say, a basketball,
 if you watch American basketball. - A Super Bowl, maybe?
 - A Super Bowl. Like, it's really show-stoppy kind of stuff.
 So they would do things where snacks would fall from the sky
 and including from... I mean, they're not from the clouds, obviously,
 but they were sort of launched,
 kind of like how the people that would stand in the middle
 and shoot out t-shirts out of rockets.
 - They had a toga cannon? - Exactly, so they had this...
 Yeah, well...
 What they actually had, though, which is amazing,
 is you got this wooden ball where, on the inside,
 you would win something like a t-shirt or...
 But I know they didn't have t-shirts, so it was very progressive.
 No, but it would be food or it would be money,
 it would even be the deeds to a house, you know, or an apartment.
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 So a lot of people really fought over it.
 - But were there bad things in the balls, as well? - No, I don't know.
 - So, like, if you open the bowl, you might get a t-shirt
 or it might be you have to go on the seesaw.
 - Yeah, exactly. - Yeah.
 - That did sound pretty cool, though, didn't it? - Yeah.
 They had, possibly, we think,
 like, the spectators would have water sprinkled on them.
 - Oh, yeah. - 'Cause they had toilets with running water.
 So they would kind of get the water from the river
 and kind of get it to go through the stadium
 and go through where all the toilets are.
 But they also had huge...
 We think because they had this in pool and we haven't seen it
 in the Coliseum, but it's very, very similar.
 They had huge, huge towers with loads of water in,
 and that water would kind of sprinkle over everyone
 to keep them cool.
 And they also had a retractable roof.
 - No, this is amazing. - I know they were
 more than 2,000 years ahead of Wimbledon.
 - I know. - It's so amazing, isn't it?
 - There we go again. - Yeah.
 - They just had a cabbage roof that they could bring over
 whenever it got too hot or cold.
 - Yeah, the Valerium, I think,
 and it was operated by about 1,000 sailors
 who would pull on the ropes,
 'cause they used to pulling on rope sailors.
 But, yeah, and you'd have advertising up,
 and we've got the...
 I want to say etchings in the stones,
 but we've got the evidence that you'd advertise
 "There will be shade, vela errant."
 You know, "There will be shade for you."
 It's incredible.
 Although Caligula liked to wind it back
 so he could watch people just boil up.
 - Oh, yeah. - There's the watch.
 - Absolutely classic Caligula. - Yeah.
 - It sounded hectic working there, though,
 because basically you could be a part of the show
 if anything went wrong, if the emperor decided.
 So Claudius in particular.
 There was a biographer called Suetonius
 who wrote about the fact that Claudius,
 if he was watching a show,
 and something went slightly wrong,
 and everything was operated underneath
 in terms of if the gladiators were fighting.
 All the animals that came up into the stadium,
 they were all in the hypergeum, which was underneath,
 which is this extraordinary, kind of like the backstage
 of a theater where they have just a crazy amount of stuff
 that you wouldn't realize to make shows happen.
 That was happening underneath.
 And so if something went wrong
 where something came up at the wrong time
 and it pissed off the emperor, he would just say,
 "Whoever the staff is down there, they're now in the show.
 Get them up there to fight the lions."
 - Shit. - Anything that went wrong.
 If the catering went wrong, get the caterers in there.
 So he just kept adding people to be killed in the...
 - Right. Sounds great. - I heard that sometimes
 hecklers would be thrown to wild animals.
 - Really? - That's fair enough.
 We should start that.
 I like the hypergeum because it's like whack-a-mole, isn't it?
 Because a lion would pop up somewhere,
 and then you had to go and fight it,
 and then some monkeys, and then a...
 - Sausage dog. - Sausage dog.
 But the whole point was that there wasn't spots
 you knew that they would pop up.
 There were so many spots that, like the whack-a-mole,
 you could be facing this way, expecting a lion,
 and then it comes behind you.
 Apparently, the system to bring them up sometimes
 was so supercharged that the lion would be lobbed into the...
 - Stop it. Come on. - That's an account I read.
 Oh, my God.
 There's so much speculation about this stuff.
 It's amazing.
 The best seats were reserved for the emperor
 and the Vestal Virgins.
 They got the best seats, and then if you went a little bit higher up,
 you would get the senators,
 and then you would get the knights and the nobles,
 and then the very, very furthest strata was for commoners.
 And then they built one more,
 even right at the very, very back strata.
 Do you know who that was for?
 - A commonist. - What did you say?
 Women is exactly right.
 - Oh, really? - Yeah.
 - I'm afraid so. - 'Cause they gave us the best seat.
 Well, yes, exactly.
 You wouldn't be able to see the sausage, Doug,
 unless it was flung really high.
 It seated 50,000 people, the Coliseum, roughly,
 and I went to Wembley to see a show,
 and that gives you...
 If you were watching a sausage dog down, as you said,
 'cause I went to see Billy Joel at Wembley,
 and my wife booked me this ticket as part of a Christmas present,
 and I said, "What are the seats like?"
 She said, "I didn't really check. I'm sure they're good."
 You couldn't be further away from Billy Joel as possible.
 It was so far away that when the gig was playing,
 we could hear the song and the screens that allowed us to see him,
 which genuinely, he's sausage dog-sized at that distance.
 It was out of sync with the visuals,
 and I was like, "Oh, my God, Billy's gonna be so angry
 because, you know, there's so much money spent."
 That's how far away we were.
 Sound and vision were traveling at a different rate
 that they were not in sync.
 So if you counted the number of seconds between the time he opened his mouth
 and the time you saw it, you could tell how far away he was.
 Exactly, yeah, yeah.
 You could tell when you're gonna get struck by lightning.
 That's right.
 Well, you say 50,000 sounds big,
 but I just don't think we ever make a big enough deal of the fact
 that this Coliseum basically replaced Circus Maximus,
 which was its predecessor,
 sat 250,000 people, still the biggest ever stadium.
 It's just, I find that just amazing.
 What was that?
 That was Rome as well, but it was, you know, they got bored of it.
 That was where they had lots of chariot races
 and then chucked the Coliseum in,
 which they never called the Coliseum.
 They called it the Flavian Amphitheater,
 and we think the reason they changed the name is quite funny.
 So it started being called the Coliseum in sort of early medieval times,
 and we believe it's because the Colossus at the time
 was the Colossus of Nero,
 this gigantic 100-foot tall classic Nero statue of him,
 which had, as Nero went out of fashion, its head kept changing,
 so whatever emperor was in power at the time,
 they'd shove his head on the statue.
 And eventually someone wrote a poem about the Colossus saying,
 "So long as the Colossus stands, Rome shall stand.
 "When the Colossus falls, Rome too shall fall,
 "and when Rome falls, so falls the world."
 And then almost immediately after that was written and published,
 the Colossus fell, and we think they went,
 "Well, shit, everyone's going to think the world's going to end.
 "We better change what the Colossus is."
 And so then we think they named the Coliseum, the Coliseum,
 because it was right nearby, and they said,
 "Let's just pretend."
 Wow.
 That's really cool.
 I've got some stuff on sausage dogs.
 Of course you do.
 Sorry.
 Very nice.
 We've actually got to move on.
 No, no, absolutely not.
 Absolutely not.
 Don't go near it.
 I thought this fact would go in a very different direction.
 I've basically only got sausage dog stuff now.
 Do you guys know where the sausage dog capital of the world is?
 Oh.
 It's not in Germany.
 No, it's as of this year.
 It's in the UK.
 Oh.
 It's almost totally ungettable.
 Is it Maidstone?
 It's on the coast.
 Unlike Maidstone.
 Is it?
 No, it's not.
 I don't even know why I say it.
 It was in Southwold this year in Suffolk.
 Oh, yeah.
 They had, well, a lot of, you know...
 Push people in the audience.
 This year at Southwold hosted
 the world's largest ever single breed dog walk
 when 2,238 sausage dogs turned up for a walk.
 Whoa.
 At the same time.
 That's a lot.
 The size of one gladiator Christian.
 You said turned up.
 Like, A, there were posters up around town
 and the dogs just trotted up on their own.
 I know.
 And they had one person to walk all of them.
 It was a nightmare.
 Do you want to hear a fact that's not about Dachshunds?
 Yeah, and then we need to move on.
 Okay, okay.
 So, I was reading an article in researching this about a Dachshund
 which was caught on CCTV in Germany
 and it was the only police lead for a case, a crime case,
 because it had an unusual lead.
 And they couldn't see the face of the criminal
 and they could only see the lead on the Dachshund.
 And that was the...
 So, it was such a confusing case.
 Do we have any leads?
 Yes, we've got this one lead, of course you.
 But I only mentioned this because of the final paragraph,
 which I loved, but is not Dachshund related,
 but it was in this story.
 So, here I'm just going to read it verbatim.
 It may not be the first time a pet has provided key evidence.
 In 2017, a woman in Michigan was convicted of killing her husband
 partly on the testimony from their parrot,
 which kept repeating, "Don't shoot in the dead man's voice."
 Oh, spooky.
 In his voice.
 Supposedly in his voice.
 I've never heard a parrot that can do voices, but this one can.
 Wow, amazing.
 But he didn't say, "Don't shoot Mabel," did he?
 Oh, yeah.
 So, we don't know who he was talking to.
 Yeah, yeah.
 How did that help convict her?
 Okay, well, tune in to Anna's new true crime podcast
 where she frees this woman.
 LAUGHTER
 It is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that in the 1920s,
 spiritualists started complaining
 that Tutankhamun was appearing at their seances too often.
 It's just sort of spamming them.
 Was he disruptive, or was it just, there's too much of this?
 Sometimes.
 Yeah, he seemed to have quite bad mood swings,
 which I guess he was a teenager.
 So, this was...
 Go to your pyramid.
 No!
 Fuck, go to your tomb!
 Sorry, there we go.
 This was in Tutankhamun's second heyday,
 which was the 1920s, I guess.
 So, his tomb was discovered in 1922.
 It was this huge deal, and he became this massive celebrity.
 Obviously, no one had ever heard of him before this.
 And at the same time, seances were very popular.
 Spiritualism was very popular, and so he kept on popping up,
 and there was an edition of a journal called "Light",
 a journal of spiritual progress and physical research.
 And a letter in it said,
 "We are getting a little tired of Tutankhamun.
 "Messages purporting to be from him,
 "which consists of vague generalities,
 "are quite worth as anyone could compose them."
 And saying, basically, you know,
 either give us good evidence of your identity,
 I don't know how, write some hieroglyphics or something.
 They're hard to do on a Ouija board.
 You need the expansion pack for that.
 You do, yeah.
 You need the right font, don't you?
 Some wing-dings on that.
 Yeah, they said we don't want just random celebrities claiming to turn up.
 Either we want the good evidence,
 or we want their message to be of such high quality
 that their identity becomes unimportant.
 Some very fine teaching comes from these visitors,
 and it's being spoiled by Tutankhamun.
 And the thought was, wasn't it,
 that the reason he started coming up because of this heyday thing
 is because the attention was so great on him
 that he was, like, invoked back into existence.
 That was the excuse, wasn't it?
 Yeah, rather than why has Tutankhamun not been, like,
 breaking into everyone's seance prior to that,
 it's because, well, he didn't know he was needed prior to that.
 They were claiming he was a bit of an eugotistical attention seeker,
 and so he was up there, like, "Well, no one cares about me,"
 and then they started caring, so he decided,
 "Fine, I'll come and visit him."
 So what was he saying? What were the messages he was bringing?
 So sometimes he was angry, his tomb had been violated,
 and he would smash everything up.
 He injured a medium.
 He broke lots of Egyptian sculptures that were in the room.
 And then sometimes he was a nice guy.
 He really depended.
 I wonder who a modern equivalent of that would be,
 as in someone who's very, very famous.
 Well, in 2003, there was a pay-per-view Princess Diana seance.
 I don't know if you remember that.
 2003, God.
 Yeah, but pay-per-view.
 Why do you sound appalled at pay-per-view?
 Because it's event television, it was sort of...
 Not only would it be a huge event that you would have pay-per-view,
 because, you know...
 Got it.
 Right.
 But you're saying it should have been BBC, then?
 License fee only.
 Prime time.
 Absolutely.
 Budget cuts for the BBC, they just can't afford it.
 But check this out.
 This is a seance that I'd never heard of before.
 This was a medium who was quite famous, called Lillian Bailey.
 And she claimed that she had a spirit guide
 who was called William Headley Wooten.
 And he was a captain during World War I.
 He died in World War I.
 And she would use him in order to bring other people to talk.
 And she received a request one day to go and do a seance.
 But they said, "It's a bit high-profile, the person.
 So what we're going to do is we're going to pick you up from your place.
 We're going to blindfold you, and we're going to take you to the place."
 So she was sat around the table,
 and then she wasn't allowed to take the blindfold off.
 So she did it.
 And at the end of it, having contacted someone,
 she took the blindfold off and sitting in front of her
 was Queen Elizabeth II, Prince Philip, the Queen Mother,
 and a few other of the royals.
 And what it was is it was not long after the King had died,
 and the Queen Mother was obsessed with the idea of contact.
 So the Queen was at a seance.
 Can you imagine taking that blindfold off?
 Bloody hell.
 And she just slowly put it back on.
 Take me home.
 But she kind of used that in the future as a kind of,
 she's the Queen's official medium.
 Well, you were, didn't you?
 Yeah, yeah, by royal appointment.
 That's who she said she was.
 And the Queen Mother often would book sessions with her afterwards
 to try and do it.
 And the person who set it up, which was not in the movie,
 was a man called Lionel Logue,
 who was the therapist who treated the King for his stammer
 in the King's speech.
 Right.
 He's the one who set up the seance.
 Wow, they should have put that in.
 Yeah, what a scene.
 Oh my God.
 Do you speak in a seance when you're one of the guests,
 or do you only speak when you're the medium?
 You're not really supposed to, yeah.
 Okay.
 I just thought, because that would have given it away,
 not enough people speak like the Queen and Prince Philip
 and the Queen Mum to conceal your identity.
 Maybe they'd put an accent on.
 Not like an Aussie accent, no?
 Yeah, a cockney Irish or something.
 Yeah.
 German.
 Sure.
 Whatever their best at.
 Actually, speaking of Germans,
 there was a big thing in the war, wasn't there,
 where there was a medium called Helen Duncan.
 And she was a Scottish 25-stone working-class mother of six
 who swore, smoked and drank whiskey.
 She sounds great, right?
 But at the time, she was late in the upper classes in London.
 They thought she was an absolute genius.
 They thought that she could speak to the dead.
 She was really, really important in the high society.
 And then in 1941, she was in a seance in Portsmouth,
 and she claimed the spirit of a sailor told her
 that a certain ship had been sunk.
 And it turned out that that ship had been sunk,
 but it hadn't been reported yet.
 And so, obviously, she became...
 They were really worried about her.
 First of all, maybe, you know, she is somehow getting messages
 from the dead, or maybe she's getting messages from the Germans,
 or...
 Yeah, they thought she might be a spy who was ceding the information.
 And of course, she got done for witchcraft.
 Yeah, she was the last person, or the second last person,
 the last person to be imprisoned under the Witchcraft Act.
 But she got imprisoned under the Witchcraft Act of 1735.
 So what was she being imprisoned for?
 Being a witch.
 It's absolutely incorrect.
 Not being a witch.
 That's absolutely right.
 Oh!
 So the Witchcraft Act of 1735
 was not about persecuting witches.
 It was the first act that acknowledged witches are not real,
 and so people pretending to be witches
 are the ones who need to be punished now for faking it.
 And so she was punished for pretending to be a witch.
 That's brilliant.
 God, that's a real catch-22 situation as well.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, it is, isn't it?
 Have you guys heard of Colin Evans?
 No.
 He was a Welsh spiritualist in, I think, the 1920s,
 and his big thing was claiming that he could levitate.
 So he would get an audience, probably an audience around this size,
 a few hundred people.
 He would request the room went completely dark.
 The audience would sit around him and pitch blackness,
 and they would chant, they would all chant the same thing,
 an incredible atmosphere, something amazing to be proud of.
 Levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate, levitate.
 Now the lights down?
 No.
 It was completely dark, and then he provided proof of it.
 He would take photos of himself at the very moment
 where he was levitating.
 But the thing is, he was just jumping.
 He would just jump, take the photo, and then land.
 That's quite impressive.
 Well, that was the whole act.
 When was it, sir?
 '20s?
 Photos took a long time to expose back then to capture something.
 No, no, no, you had a flash photo in the '20s.
 It might have been the '30s.
 Exposure times were right down.
 Was he smiling in the photo, or was he serious?
 He was very serious.
 But his feet were slightly blurred, and that also gave away...
 But also, I suppose Dan is right that the technology
 must have been new enough that people didn't, like, catch on, right?
 Didn't assume, yeah.
 I guess.
 And it was also, even if you were in the room,
 you'd see a tiny flash of light, and him...
 Oh, so that would provide the light as well.
 Mid-jump, would they?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I always think that back in these olden days,
 the Seance days in the 1920s,
 it must have been so much darker than it is today.
 I just think there was less natural light around.
 Maybe we didn't have a moon back then,
 because basically all the tricks they did
 were based on it being pitch black, so...
 Maybe you have one candle, you know?
 Just a bit of atmosphere, one candle.
 No, no, you can't have any candles.
 Well, because you had things like Seance trumpets,
 which were these trumpets through which the spirit spoke.
 They magnified their voices,
 and they used to float around in the middle of the room,
 and they'd have glowing rings on their back end and front end.
 And the way they floated was that a medium's assistant
 would just be holding it up, but he'd be wearing black,
 so no one would see.
 And it's like, "How dark does it have to be that you can't see?"
 And the ectoplasm, probably the best thing about all Seances,
 the weird, like, physical manifestation of spirits,
 which was kind of white stuff.
 Gooey stuff.
 Gooey stuff that would come out of orifices of the medium.
 I mean, it's got to be pretty dark for you to think that's anything spooky,
 because usually it was handkerchiefs
 that they would stick up their nose as far as they could
 and then kind of pull out.
 There was one amazing medium, Mary M,
 who produced ectoplasm with photos of Arthur Conan Doyle on it.
 So she said, "Arthur Conan Doyle's coming out of my nose."
 It was after he died, "Look at this,"
 and then pulled this tissue out of her nose with a photo of him on it,
 which someone pointed out later was the same photo that had appeared
 in a newspaper about a week earlier.
 It'd obviously been stuck on people.
 Arthur Conan Doyle solved an incredible case
 where someone was claiming that they'd contacted a celebrity from the other side,
 which was there was a book that was released called The Mystery of Edwin Druid.
 We've spoken about it before on the podcast.
 I actually wrote about this in my book as well.
 I got obsessed with Seances.
 What's that called then?
 The theory of everything else out now.
 It's actually available in Selected Stars.
 It's actually in most shots, so yeah,
 and they have lots of copies, so if someone could find one.
 But no, I got obsessed with...
 There was a period where there were people claiming,
 because Seances were so massive that celebrities who were dead,
 Mark Twain, Charles Dickens,
 they were dictating from the other side new novels, new works,
 and they would go on sale by real publishers and people would buy them.
 They'd be reviewed in The New York Times.
 Even if skeptically, they got sort of space.
 And there was one book which was The Mystery of Edwin Druid.
 It was the final Charles Dickens book that he never finished,
 and he didn't leave any notes of what had happened to the character
 and who had killed Edwin Druid.
 So a guy called TP James actually finished the book by contacting Dickens from the other side.
 And he said, "This is the final book."
 They published it.
 There was a new forward written by Dickens as well to explain the process.
 They had a new book that they were working on together
 called The Life and Adventures of Buckley Whippleheap.
 It was a very exciting thing.
 And it was Arthur Conan Doyle who said he didn't contact Charles Dickens.
 The reason Arthur Conan Doyle knew that
 is because he himself did a seance in which he contacted Charles Dickens
 and asked him, "Did you finish this book?"
 And he said, "No, it wasn't me."
 Just on the Ouija board.
 We're saying it right, Ouija?
 Ouija.
 Well, whenever I use them, I say Ouija.
 There's also the squeegee board, which is a whole thing.
 Anyway, so it was invented by someone called Helen Peters.
 She was a medium.
 And then there was an entrepreneur called William Fould
 who took over the business.
 It was so popular, again, around the time of the 20s and 30s.
 At one point, he had several factories all just churning out Ouija boards.
 They sold thousands and thousands of thousands of them.
 And he only sat up in such a big way because the board had told him,
 "Prepare for big business."
 So, yeah.
 But this is the really spooky thing.
 He went up on the roof of one of the factories
 to see a flagpole being replaced, right?
 And then he fell off and died.
 Oh, my God.
 He just fell off.
 Yeah, yeah.
 OK.
 And then he came back and said something.
 No, no, no, no.
 But he still makes you think, doesn't he?
 Oh, yeah.
 The reason I think that it's pronounced Ouija is there's a YouTuber
 called Sexkick who went on to Yahoo Answers
 and searched for various different spellings of Ouija board
 and found, "How do you make a Ouija board?
 "Have you played the Ouija board and can you burn the Ouija board?"
 And it seems, and quite a lot more,
 and it seems like there's a lot of people in America
 who think that it's not a Ouija board, but a Ouija board.
 It's really good.
 It's coming through.
 "Who are you?"
 "It's me!"
 [laughter]
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that according to his various biographers,
 Pythagoras could talk with animals, be in two places at once,
 had a shiny golden leg,
 and was able to tell fishermen the exact number of fish
 they'd caught in their net just by looking at it.
 So this was a side...
 I could do the last one, I reckon.
 Well...
 It depends how many there are.
 Yeah.
 It depends on the... Maybe not a trawler, then.
 [laughter]
 Two.
 [laughter]
 Screw you, Pythagoras.
 I'm genuinely really shocked that we've done 400-plus episodes
 and we've never ever mentioned Pythagoras,
 and I'm doubly shocked that after all the years of us doing this stuff,
 I didn't realise what a mad life he supposedly had
 according to the stories of his life.
 We all know him for his theorem, very famously.
 He was a mathematician, he was a philosopher.
 I didn't realise there was a cult around him
 that sort of put him into a sort of paranormal territory
 where he was able to reincarnate and be...
 He wasn't really a mathematician either, that's the word.
 I thought he was a mathematician, he was kind of a mystic
 and then cult leader and political figure.
 But the cult were very into numbers, weren't they?
 So that was part of it.
 And numbers are very maths-related.
 So they're maths-adjacent.
 Not when you're doing algebra.
 Great point.
 Oh, didn't you get a long way?
 [laughter]
 Look who did GCSE!
 But no, he wasn't really a mathematician.
 Pythagoras' theorem had been come up with about a thousand years before him.
 Oh, actually, related to the first-ever episode, we did a fish.
 There's a Pythagoras fact.
 Yeah, one of the people who proved Pythagoras' theorem
 in a new way that had never been demonstrated before was...
 - President Garfield. - President Garfield.
 - That's it, really. - That's it, yeah.
 Lying in that hospital bed, being fed through his arse,
 you've got to do something to distract yourself.
 That's a confusing sentence if you haven't heard the first episode.
 The first episode is a fish.
 You'll just have to go back and listen.
 It's a great teaser, yeah.
 They were obsessed with numbers, as you say.
 And numbers, every number had a different personality.
 Now, I don't know, because I couldn't find out anywhere how high up this went,
 because it can't go forever.
 But masculine numbers are odd numbers, and feminine numbers are even.
 Even are considered the only perfect numbers.
 Although odd ones are equated with divinity,
 so all the genders are doing well out of this.
 Oh, yeah, quite sweetly, the feminine number is two,
 and the masculine number is three,
 and then five is the marriage number.
 But, yeah, all these numbers meant specific things to them.
 Yeah, it went about as... I think it went as far as ten.
 Because they had to... How far is it?
 They had this special thing where it's like...
 Can you imagine, like, a snooker ball triangle,
 where you have one, then two, then three, then four,
 and that added up to ten.
 This was very special to them.
 And they had a poem, or a hymn, really,
 "Bless us, divine number, thou who generated gods and men,
 "the mother of all, the all-comprising,
 "the all-bounding, the firstborn, the never-swerving,
 "the never-tiring, holy ten."
 Right. Yeah, they love ten.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And they love triangles.
 Plague snooker must have been hell, actually.
 Quite staggering.
 I get it, the right angle thing.
 What do you guys think he was like?
 Like, let's imagine we're living in the time.
 OK, well, I can say so.
 Like, a lot of the things that you've said there
 about the golden thigh and talking to animals,
 they were written much, much later.
 Exactly.
 But some of the things that were written at the time
 when he was alive, they said that he did believe
 that the souls of humans could return as animals.
 Yes.
 So he did believe in reincarnation.
 We know that because people said it at the time.
 And also that he, you know, he had his own kind of wisdom.
 He had his own kind of learning.
 So we know all that kind of stuff happened.
 Golden leg, maybe not.
 OK, so what about, is there a story about a dog?
 And he was passing someone in the street.
 He believed that, you know, people could come back
 in the form of animals and all this, as you just said.
 So he once stopped someone who was beating a small dog in the street
 because he recognised in the barking...
 You should be in the Colosseum.
 No, he recognised in the barking the voice of a friend of his
 who died, who had then been reborn as a puppy.
 Yeah.
 The whole story does kind of imply that if he hadn't recognised
 the barking as a friend of his, he wouldn't have...
 ...leave it. ...thought anything was a miss.
 Must have been a bad dog. Just leave it.
 But what does he then do with the dog?
 You're turning this into a very different kind of talk show type
 of podcast, Jerry Springer style.
 We don't know what he was like. No, no, no.
 What's the dilemma? Sorry, this.
 My friend is a dog.
 My friend's a dog. Stop beating the dog.
 OK, I'll stop beating it. Wouldn't you be like,
 "Greg, what's up? Come hang out. Have dinner at ours."
 He's just going to be like, "All right, see you, buddy.
 "Enjoy your new life." Great to hang out.
 "Sucks you're a dog. Catch you later."
 Stop homing my leg. You never did that before.
 He did love numbers, but he hated irrational numbers,
 or at least he didn't believe they existed, so...
 Is that why they're called irrational,
 because he was so irrational about them?
 He had an irrational loathing of them.
 Sorry, they're the ones that go on forever.
 So they're numbers that can't be expressed as a fraction or a ratio,
 which I only realised when I was doing this research,
 having to know this irrational I ratio,
 they're numbers that you can't express as a ratio.
 So five, six over two...
 Yeah, you idiot. Can't believe we...
 Can't believe we were all thinking of that.
 So if you take 22 divided by seven,
 it gets to quite close to 3.14 something,
 but it doesn't get to pi, which is 3.141, blah, blah, blah, blah,
 which goes on forever.
 And that would be an irrational number.
 And he didn't believe in them, because he loved finite numbers.
 And they were on a boat one day, on a cruise or something.
 And one of his followers, called Hepaceus,
 proved the existence of irrational numbers
 by saying the square root of two is one,
 which not is one, is one, is one.
 This is why I got no further than GCSE.
 And he, according to reports, was tossed overboard.
 Yeah. Really?
 So you've got to be careful with strict teachers.
 Wasn't they killed him? Yeah, they killed him, yeah.
 They killed him for proving that the square root of two
 is an irrational number. Yeah. Supposedly, yeah.
 But he had made him walk the plank.
 But he believed in reincarnation,
 so he probably thought he'd bump into him on the street.
 Greg! Greg, dude.
 I don't know what happened with my temper that day,
 but, wow, it was a fun cruise, though, wasn't it?
 When you joined his cult, you had to say nothing for five years,
 and that was how you got to the next level of the cult.
 OK. And also, he had...
 If he'd had gone four years and 11 months,
 that's a tough one, isn't it?
 And you bag your fart. Yeah.
 But he had a system for his followers, right?
 So there were the Mathematikoi,
 who were the senior followers, right?
 And he would meet them in person,
 and he would discuss proper maths with them, hard maths,
 and, you know, they would think a lot,
 and they'd do a lot of, you know, they'd do the big stuff.
 And they had to make sacrifices.
 They had to give up meat.
 Women, they're all men, and private possessions, OK?
 So that's the senior tier.
 And they were touched white roosters.
 Is that true? Yeah.
 Wow. OK.
 I'm out.
 You'll have to give up meat, women, and private possessions.
 Fine, fine. Anything else?
 There's one thing. I'm out.
 A couple more rules. OK, yeah.
 Don't eat your brain.
 Don't eat your brain.
 Couldn't find out really anything else,
 but I suppose that's all you need to know.
 Don't break bread.
 Don't poke fire with a sword.
 Never urinate into the sun.
 I've heard don't urinate into the wind.
 Never into the sun. You might put it out.
 And we say that they couldn't eat any meat,
 which was mostly true,
 but they did still sacrifice an oxen
 whenever they proved a mathematical formula.
 Sorry, what am I being sacrificed for again?
 Normally it's to a piece of gold or something.
 This doesn't sound important.
 You're being put into a pie.
 Oh, my God.
 That's sympathy.
 No.
 That's the best joke you'll hear for months.
 But then he also had these junior tier followers,
 people who basically hadn't subscribed,
 and they were called the Akusmatikoi.
 Is this like a Patreon?
 It was a Patreon.
 It was genuinely he had a subscription service,
 so the Mathematikoi were in,
 and Akusmatikoi,
 he would only speak to them from behind a curtain.
 Wow.
 And they weren't allowed to see his face,
 and they couldn't learn any proper maths,
 like any detailed maths.
 That was really because he wasn't the real Wizard of Oz, was he?
 He was just an old man.
 This thing of him hiding behind a curtain
 so that you couldn't see him as he was talking,
 there is one of the stories of his death
 is directly associated with that.
 So someone on the lower Patreon level
 was part of that,
 couldn't see his face,
 got so angry that he couldn't see him,
 was furious that he burnt down his house.
 Wait, Pythagoras' house?
 He burnt Pythagoras' house down,
 and then he chased him into a field.
 So Pythagoras was in the lead,
 he's going good, he gets to the field,
 he's escaping this man, this is how the story goes,
 and then he notices that the field
 is full of beans,
 and Pythagoras refuses to step on beans,
 because he believes that beans,
 much like dogs, are the reincarnation.
 Reg?
 I thought what you were going to say
 is that the guys chasing him
 went round two sides of the field
 and he went diagonally across it.
 So he gets to the field of beans
 and he stops and he thinks,
 "I can't step on these beans,
 I'll kill the beans with my feet."
 So the man catches up, and rather than going,
 "Fuck it, I'll just stamp on some beans,"
 he just stands there while the man cuts his throat
 and kills him, and that's the death of Pythagoras,
 according to one of many accounts.
 I think there's another version of the story
 where loads of his followers gave their own lives
 so that Pythagoras, "Go, Pythagoras, go, go,
 you must go, we'll give up our lives, well, we're killed."
 And then he still gets to the head of the bean field,
 "Listen, I can't do it.
 I can sacrifice them.
 I can't sacrifice you, my beanie friends."
 He supposedly had the power
 to write words on the face of the moon.
 Oh, yeah.
 And I forgot to write
 anything more about that.
 I said,
 "Did he ever do that,
 or was it just he had the power to..."
 I have to tell you, Andy, power to the brain.
 That's a single sentence there.
 And for just $2.99 a month,
 you'll be able to see the words I do write
 on the face of the moon.
 All right, I need to move us on
 to our final fact of the show.
 It is time for our final fact,
 and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is
 whenthewebsiteshealth.com
 listed the fattiest foods
 in every state in the US,
 entrance included North Carolina's
 liver mush,
 New York's garbage plate,
 and Indiana's fried brain sandwich.
 See, they never read Pythagoras
 anyway.
 So, yeah, this is a fact just about
 the disgusting things you can eat in America.
 Yeah, the fried brain sandwich sounds
 really weird.
 The others are slightly euphemistic.
 Well, not even that you've missed it,
 but fried brain sandwiches are
 literally exactly what they sound like.
 Whose brain?
 Well, it used to be cow brains,
 but after my cow disease came in,
 they're now pig brains.
 One little tip,
 as in you put the breadcrumbs on there,
 make sure you have cold hands,
 otherwise they can fall apart.
 So that's a little bit of a tip.
 The best place to get them is Hilltop Inn
 in Evansville,
 and that has been dubbed recently,
 in 2009, actually, the manliest restaurant
 in America.
 Oh!
 I know I'm a man, but I don't actually want
 my restaurant to be manly.
 It's not even in my top five criteria for a restaurant.
 Shall we go Indian, Chinese or Manly?
 Exactly!
 This list is incredible, though.
 So you wrote out some of the
 most amazing sounding ones,
 but even the other things on it,
 the Colorado, the Jack and Grills 7-pound
 breakfast burrito is the least healthy food
 in Colorado. Connecticut, the two-foot-long
 hot dog, and these aren't just in one place.
 Lots of them are available in lots of different places.
 Yeah.
 There's the quadruple bypass burger.
 8,000 calories.
 I've had some of one of them.
 How did you? Yeah, in Vegas, right?
 It's not impressive to have had some of one of them.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They don't put your photo on the wall for that, mate.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They'll put some of your photo on the wall.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Did you hear about the Luther Burger?
 This is in Georgia, in the south.
 Right, it's a normal burger, the Luther Burger.
 It's a normal burger. It's got egg, it's got
 bacon, and it's got cheese, as well as the burger.
 So far, so meh.
 But it's not served between a bun,
 do you guess?
 Luther, between two church doors.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 Between the north, it fills the gap
 between the north and south doors on the transept.
 It's amazing.
 No, it's someone in the audience,
 a mermaid, actually, it's between
 two Krispy Kreme glazed donuts.
 Oh, yeah.
 And was that part of his Protestant theology?
 [LAUGHTER]
 The donut thing? It was the '96 theorem.
 Right.
 Shall I just quickly
 say the other two, very quickly?
 Yeah, yeah. Sorry, liver mush
 is a savory slice
 loaf made from pork liver, scrap meat,
 often from a pig's head,
 spices and cornmeal.
 Nice. Okay, and they have a liver mush
 eating contest
 in wherever it was, in North
 Carolina, every year.
 They also have a liver mush pageant,
 but in last year's...
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Consisting of what? I mean, are there floats?
 It's... It really feels like
 putting lipstick on a pig, really,
 trying to make that attractive.
 It's basically a festival, and they have lots of things,
 but they have basically the local
 children or young women
 that kind of... Dresses liver mush.
 They just dress as gobbles.
 Is it like a liver mush queen? They often do that kind of thing.
 I think so, that's the kind of thing, yeah.
 And the liver mush eating contest,
 where last year, the winner managed to eat some.
 (LAUGHTER)
 And garbage plate is from
 Rochester, New York, and it's basically...
 This actually sounds really good.
 It's a choice of any meats, so
 even though I am vegetarian, but let's pretend
 I'm not. It's like hamburgers, hot dogs,
 sausages, any kind of stuff.
 You shove a load of french fries on it,
 shove a load of beans on it, macaroni cheese,
 and then cover it in a special sauce.
 That actually sounds quite good to me.
 Really depends on the special sauce.
 Yeah, it does well. I think it's hot sauce.
 Okay. Yeah.
 We've mentioned it before, James,
 you've been there, but I just
 love reading about it every single time,
 which is the Disgusting Food Museum in Malmo, Sweden.
 And it just collects
 food that is utterly horrible,
 and James, you tried a few things there,
 which tasted horrible.
 I was reading an article by a guy who went there
 in 2019 called Arthur de Mayer,
 and he described...
 He gave a bit more of a sort of explanation
 about these particular foods, so you can have
 an Icelandic shark dish there
 called hackarl, and he said
 it was eating it was like
 gnawing on three-week-old cheese
 from the garbage that had also been
 pissed on by every dog in the neighbourhood.
 That was one thing he had here.
 I had that there, by the way. Did you?
 Yeah, I did. Did you vomit?
 No, I didn't vomit at all from any of them,
 although I retched quite a lot.
 Does that count? No.
 But the hackarl one was funny because
 the guy told me that it was
 that seeped in urine,
 and I ate it, and you could really believe it.
 It tasted... It did taste like piss.
 And then I actually put it in a QI script,
 and it turned out to be completely untrue.
 Oh, no.
 It was a natural, uriny taste that it had.
 It didn't add any urine
 into it, and so we cut it, yeah.
 There's another one.
 The South Korean wine. Did you drink that?
 Actually, I think that's behind a sort of glass,
 because in order...
 Feces? You have fresh turds of children,
 specifically.
 And the owner of the museum,
 one of the founders of the museum,
 he actually went about scooping up
 his eight-year-old daughter's poo
 in order to make this concoction.
 That doesn't count. It's like if you're buying it
 from South Korea as a special thing,
 that's one thing. If you're actually making it
 from your own, that's different.
 But it says it has to be fresh,
 and no turd is going to be fresh
 by the time it's gone from South Korea to Sweden.
 I don't think turds are ever fresh.
 They absolutely are.
 They can be new.
 No!
 I see what you're saying.
 Like, if you're at a fresh deli,
 you wouldn't expect to see it, would you?
 They're safe at least five days
 after their best-before date. I'm telling you.
 OK, OK.
 Gosh. So, it's got slightly distracted
 from this, because someone wrote in,
 actually, to the podcast email account,
 podcast@qi.com,
 and this is from Evelyn Keely.
 And it's the...
 Oklahoma has a state steak.
 You know, these official state things
 they have? Absolutely mad stuff.
 So, Oklahoma's state steak
 is the ribeye steak.
 The state drink is milk.
 This is a complete brackets,
 but they've got a state astronomical object,
 which is the rosette nebula
 5,000 light years away.
 I've no idea why.
 I feel like...
 Such an unreciprocated relationship.
 I know.
 Twinned with.
 But they've also got, right, this is what
 sort of brought me back to the actual fact,
 which is the state meal, OK?
 And the state meal is this.
 It's some chicken fried steak,
 followed by barbecued pork,
 followed by fried okra, squash,
 cornbread, grits,
 corn, sausage with biscuits and gravy,
 black-eyed peas, strawberries
 and pecan pie.
 That's the state meal.
 Wow. A lot of that sounds good,
 just not in the course of one meal.
 Actually, just speaking of, like, many courses
 with meals,
 there is a footballer called Robert Lewandowski
 who plays for Poland.
 And whenever he eats a three-course meal,
 he always eats his dessert first.
 Isn't that cool?
 Does he have a reason for it? Yes.
 He's Benjamin Button, isn't he?
 This is a new-ish kind of diet,
 and the idea is you eat
 a very fatty dessert,
 and then you eat your main course,
 and then you eat your starter.
 And the idea is, what happens is,
 if you eat a normal meal, you have your starter
 and your main course, and then the dessert will come
 and it looks really good, and you're like,
 "Oh, go on, then I'll have it," and you find some extra space for it.
 But people are less inclined to do that for their starter.
 And they tend to choose
 better main courses as well.
 And so there was a study done
 with people who were either told
 to eat in the normal order,
 or they could have a cheesecake
 and then choose their main and choose their
 starter, or they could
 have some fruit and then choose their main
 and then their starter, and they found that the people
 who ate the cheesecake first
 have 30% fewer calories
 than anyone else in their meal, and that includes
 the really fatty dessert that they had.
 That's brilliant. That's amazing.
 It's like a trick. It's like you're tricking your mind.
 We've just cracked it, haven't we?
 You've just cracked the whole food thing.
 That's amazing.
 The whole food thing.
 Wow. If that works.
 You think I've had a sticky toffee pudding,
 so I think I'll just have a salad for the main. Thank you very much.
 But do you want to finish your meal
 with a nice bowl of soup, or would you rather finish
 with a chocolate cake? I'd rather finish with a starter.
 A starter is everyone's favourite course, isn't it?
 Oh, OK. No. See?
 OK, way fewer than a third of the people
 in the room said yes.
 Sorry, that's not proof.
 You've always got at least one answer.
 You are one of those people who goes to a restaurant
 and they have 12 starters.
 Quiz question.
 Can you guys name a processed food product
 that the Earl of Sandwich was responsible for inventing?
 OK.
 We're not going to do that.
 I'm sorry, a processed product.
 A food or drink product.
 Oh, fuck, I've given it away.
 Or drinks, did you say?
 Yeah, follow that.
 Is it a liquidized sandwich?
 It's the M&S New Liquid Sandwich.
 It's fizzy drinks.
 What? Yeah.
 So, he commissioned Joseph Priestley, the chemist,
 to work on ways of making
 stale water more palatable
 and to keep water lasting longer because of ships.
 Ships would have stale water, it would go horrible.
 It's a problem, people don't want to drink their water on board,
 so they might be dehydrated.
 So he hired Joseph Priestley,
 and Joseph Priestley created carbonated water.
 And as a result,
 it's slightly acidic, carbonated water,
 so that means it's slightly antimicrobial,
 and it means it lasts longer.
 So that is actually
 the product that he is kind of responsible for.
 And the sandwich was way, way earlier,
 and he just popularized it.
 You might remember this.
 I got married in the room where he invented the sandwich.
 Did you?
 And that was such a cheap meal as well.
 Interesting fact, everyone,
 while you're eating your ham sandwich.
 It's a homage.
 And enjoy your glass of Coke.
 Can I just say, Andy...
 Crisps are available for purchase at the bar.
 Which will be a meal deal which you can pay for when you leave.
 It's not a free wedding, I should have mentioned.
 Andy said to us before the show started,
 "Guys, I'm going to tell a personal anecdote tonight."
 Was that your personal anecdote?
 It was my personal anecdote.
 Pretty good, yeah, you see that?
 Nice!
 He never tells anything.
 That was huge insight.
 It was very brave.
 Well done.
 The guy from the council made such heavy weather of it in the room on the day.
 It was practically more of a sandwich talk than a wedding.
 It was most of the ceremony, yeah.
 And do you wish to be sandwiched
 between the holy laws of matrimony?
 Can I just mention one other food?
 American state food that I didn't know about.
 Again, we'll be very familiar to people from these places,
 but in places like Oregon and Washington state,
 now it's spelled G-E-O-D-U-C-K.
 G-E-O-D-U-C-K?
 Yeah, weird to start with.
 It's gooey duck, spelled completely the wrong way.
 And I've never seen one.
 They're the biggest burrowing clams in the world.
 And they look...
 They've got kind of a normal, ish-sized clamshell
 about the size of your palm.
 And then it looks like...
 Looks like a slug's coming out of it, right?
 Yeah, but it looks like a slug who's tried on a dress.
 12 sizes too small for it.
 It's coming out of it.
 You've got a slug the length of most of your arm
 coming out of this bulging out of this tiny shell.
 I mean, it looks so phallic.
 It's very hard to get around the fact that it is.
 And this is a delicacy.
 They live up to 150 years.
 And their entire lives are, they're born.
 They burrow really deep with their shell into the sand.
 And the reason they've got this huge phallus on them
 is so that it can stick up and just pop out of the sand
 on the bottom of the seabed
 so it can collect up what it needs.
 Wait, the phallus is collected?
 No, no, no. It's not a phallus. It looks like a phallus.
 Oh, sorry. I've got to go. Sorry.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's that sweetest mouth.
 And it's a...
 It's a siphon.
 And he's going to be doing some googling tonight.
 It's a really creepy slogan. It's not a phallus.
 It's a mouth.
 I don't know why.
 Whose slogan is that?
 It's the slogan of the gooey duck.
 And, yeah, it's...
 So it's actually a siphon.
 So it sheds salty liquids, actually,
 that it doesn't need any more, in fact, in water.
 I know it looks like a phallus, and it's shedding salty liquids.
 But I assure you, ladies and gentlemen, it is a mouth.
 If a gooey duck looks like a phallus and quacks like a phallus...
 Look, we've run over. I need to wrap us up.
 OK, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter account.
 So I'm on @SriberlandAndy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarken.
 And Anna.
 You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 @AndrewPerCount, which is @NoSearchThing.
 Or our website, NoSearchThingIsAfish.com.
 All the previous episodes are up there.
 There's also links to all the merchandise that we've got.
 And also, Club Fish are very secretive behind-the-scenes place
 where we do extra episodes and compilations and gossipy chat.
 It's really fun.
 So do check it out.
 But we'll be back again next week with another episode.
 So we'll see you then. Thank you so much up the creek.
 That was awesome. We'll be back again.
 Goodbye!
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 [ Cheers and applause ]
 (upbeat music)
