 *another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from
 the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with Anichezinski, Andrew Hunter Murray
 and Ann Miller and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one and that's my fact this week.
 My fact is that Scottish poet William McGonagall's writing was so bad, a circus hired him to
 give poetry readings under the condition that audiences could pelton with eggs as he
 read.
 He agreed to do that.
 He was paid 15 shillings per performance and he was actually slightly on hard times so
 he accepted it, probably going why I need the money.
 And the eggs maybe.
 Yeah and it wasn't just eggs, it was stale bread as well, flour, he got a lot of products
 that he could go home with.
 Unfortunately, the performances were put to an end quite early on and he was disappointed
 about that supposedly.
 Yeah, weren't they put to an end because they were too riotous.
 It was in 1893, the authorities banned them because they were getting so out of control.
 People just wildly enthusiastic about pelting him.
 He was pretty tough to get an audience though, he was quite keen to spread his poetry regardless
 of how much anyone wanted to hear it, so he was like great, they love me.
 Yeah, just a tiny bit of background for anyone who hasn't heard of William McGonagall.
 This is a Scottish poet.
 He was born in either 1825 or 1830, it's a bit disputed and he was famous, very, very famous
 for the terribleness of his poems, married out just so we know what we're dealing with.
 So one of his most famous poems was The Tay Bridge Disaster, where a bridge collapsed and
 lots of people have been killed.
 It starts off, beautiful railway bridge of the Silvery Tay, alas, I am very sorry to say
 that 90 lives have been taken away on the last Sabbath day of 1879, which will be remembered
 for a very long time.
 That's the level of poetry we're dealing with.
 And I'm sure it comforted the bereaved family members.
 He was a temperance campaigner and hated alcohol and stuff was too total, and he blamed
 the fact that no one liked his poetry on alcohol, so he said they were all too drunk to be
 able to appreciate it.
 But it does kind of imply that you just say it was the kind of thing you got really pissed
 and then said, should we go and watch some of them again?
 Yeah.
 But the last show at the friend just 3 a.m.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 He started a very late in life, didn't he?
 So he was about 50 give or take, because we don't know exactly when he was born.
 So he was, what was he before that?
 Was he working?
 I thought he was looming and we knew.
 Yeah.
 Didn't he think he heard a voice saying to him like, right, right, you must write?
 So he was like, well, this is what I'm going to do.
 And then the fact of whether he was good or not, didn't really come into the equation.
 Yeah.
 And he really believed in himself as well.
 He once tried to read poetry to Queen Victoria, and he sent them a letter to the palace saying
 I would like to read.
 And they said, no, it's okay.
 Thank you very much.
 That's fine.
 So he thought, I know what I'll do.
 I'll walk all the way from Dundee to Balmoral to perform to Queen Victoria.
 He did.
 He arrived at the castle and they said genuinely, no, thank you.
 Yeah, to walk all the way back.
 Didn't get to do it.
 Got a few sentry miles or so, that he was.
 Yeah, I'm fit.
 Yeah, he introduced himself as the queen's poet when he got there.
 He was a massive fan of Queen Victoria.
 There were loads of assassination attempts on her throughout her life, none of them successful.
 And after one of them, he wrote a poem in tribute to the failed assassination attempt,
 which kicks off like this, God prospered long on noble queen and long may she reign.
 McLean, he tried to shoot her, but it was all in vain.
 For God, he turned the ball aside, McLean aimed at her head, and he felt very angry because
 he didn't shoot her dead.
 It's quite nice, I should add.
 We were reading these on National Poetry Day here in the UK.
 Yeah, celebrating as we were recording.
 He was always being victims of hoaxes that were so sad, but also kind of okay because he
 seemed oblivious to it.
 There was the famous hoaxe when a group of students sent him a thing in the post saying
 that he'd won the Order of the Grand Knight of the Holy Order of the White Elephant, which
 was an extremely important Burmese title.
 And it was a title that was given by King Thiebor of Burma for his amazing poetry, and they
 called him William Topaz in that.
 And he, thereafter, made his name William Topaz McGonagall.
 You're kidding?
 That's not his middle name.
 Yeah, that wasn't his birth name?
 No.
 So, that was the first time ever it seemed to get mentioned.
 I hadn't read that, it was where it was invented, but that was the first time it's mentioned.
 And then he had this award up on his wall forevermore, thinking that the King of Burma had blessed
 him.
 It was amazing.
 I think as well.
 He had a lot of weird stuff happen, but he did sort of invite some of it.
 There's a story about he paid money to play Macbeth in the performance, or the Scottish
 play.
 And he thought the actor playing Macbeth was upstaging him, so he refused to die.
 And just like Harry Donne.
 Apparently, that was before he started doing a poetry, so it was in his first career.
 And there was a review of that players.
 I think it's one of the earliest times he appears in any write-up, but there was a reviewer
 in the channel who eventually wrote that after an extremely long sword fight, where despite
 being hit multiple times, he's not dying, the reviewer wrote that McDuff resolved the
 matter in a rather undignified way by taking the feet from under the principal character.
 So he had to be rugby tackle on stage.
 He was almost never paid to write a poem.
 It all came from public readings, but the very few times he was paid was when he wrote
 advert poems for things.
 So beechems, you know, the beechems pills.
 Like a cough, something.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And so when they were launched, they were kind of cural.
 They were meant to cure absolutely everything, but they didn't really have anything in them.
 They had aloe, ginger and soap.
 That was what was in them.
 So.
 Yeah.
 So for a fee, he wrote the following, "What ho, sickly people of high and low degree?
 I pray you all be warned by me no matter what may be your bodily ills, the safest and quickest
 cure is beechems pills."
 It's quite good.
 Yeah.
 I want some beechems right now.
 Yeah.
 Just hearing that.
 How did that start again?
 What ho, sickly people of high and low degree?
 You frequently did that kind of bang headline at the start of a poem.
 So he went to New York and his poem there starts, "Oh, mighty city of New York.
 You are wonderful to behold.
 Your buildings are magnificent, the truth be it told.
 They were the only things that seemed to arrest my eye, because many of them are 13 stories
 high."
 It's so weird, isn't it, because you don't know whether to feel sorry for him or not, because
 he did seem oblivious and he kept on almost asking for it.
 So he'd always dress up in full Scottish regalia with, you know, kilton, spiron and stuff.
 Even on the trip to America, he was dressed like that all the time.
 And the thick skinness means that there are some psychologists who agree with the historian
 who first suggested he might have been slightly autistic, partly based on the fact that he
 seemed immune almost to this constant criticism, and also his obsessive repetition of stuff.
 So over 60 of his poems begin with the word twos, and the phrase "beautiful to be seen" is
 in about 50 of them.
 Yeah, really proud of that line, I know.
 It's an incredible line.
 Shakespeare would have been proud.
 I found this really interesting, and I don't know if this is well known.
 Professor McGonagall is named after William McGonagall, and J.K. Rowling has actually confirmed
 that that is the case.
 Yeah, she said she likes the idea of someone so fabulous being named after someone so absurd.
 Which I thought was, because McGonagall is a, she's a complex character by the standards
 of Harry Potter, isn't she?
 She's not totally good.
 She can be a bit of a strict old cow sometimes.
 Oh, well, that's not me saying that, but we're not.
 We're not willing to talk about that.
 Classic slither and sentence from Anna there.
 I used to live in Edinburgh, and there's a lot of street names that you recognise from
 Harry Potter books, and near the statue of Graveyard, as well as a churchyard, and there's a gravestone
 for Tom Riddle.
 Really?
 Yeah, you can see the actual.
 Yeah.
 And what's interesting about that is that is the exact same graveyard where William McGonagall
 was buried, which I've been to, I've visited.
 He's saying William McGonagall was Lord Voldemort.
 I've said, I think J.K. Rowling took a quick creative trip to the graveyard and bashed
 out all the names she needed.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that one third of all the hazelnuts in the world go into Ferreiro products.
 Yeah, so Ferreiro, Roche, Nutella, things like this.
 Tic Tacs, which they also make.
 How many hazelnuts in Tic Tac?
 About 75?
 Yeah.
 About one per Tic Tac.
 So, yeah, this is a piece that was published in Forbes recently, and it was a profile of
 the company, basically, which is a very well-established family firm, basically.
 It started in the 1930s with one man who had one pastry shop, and it's now become a thing
 that uses a third of all the hazelnuts in the world.
 Yeah, they're a big deal.
 They're a big deal.
 I was saying.
 And the main owner, he passed away, only four years ago, Michelle Ferreiro.
 And his fortune was up to 15 billion.
 His top 50, well, the guy now is top 50 richest people in the world.
 It's massive, but Michelle, people always said, was a very, very humble man, didn't they?
 So he was the guy who, basically, his dad made the Nutella chocolate, but he made it in
 sort of a loaf that was quite hard and sold it in slices.
 This was in post-war rationing time, and he thought a way of sort of recreating chocolates
 to add hazelnuts instead, because it's a chocolate shortage.
 Yeah, he sold it in slices, like bread, and he used to give a slice of Nutella away free
 with each loaf of bread as a way of kind of pushing it.
 And then his son, Michelle, added some oil, and then it got all spreadable, and the rest
 is his favorite.
 And it's so confusing, because Nutella was originally sold as pasta.
 What?
 Yeah, what?
 As in its name, it was sold, you bought pasta janduia, and it was a, that's how it was
 sold.
 It's because it's paced, right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 They don't get it.
 So you boil it?
 No, it's exactly as Anna was saying.
 It turns out you see kicking pasta, and then it's a loaf of bread.
 I'm so confused.
 Yeah.
 Because the Italian pasta is just going to be Italian for paced, right?
 Wait, so it'll be paced.
 When the Italians say pasta, they don't eat pasta like we do at all in Italy.
 What?
 It's all spreadable.
 Do you know where loads of their factories originally were?
 They were old.
 They were also factories.
 But a lot of the factories they started off with were former Nazi missile factories.
 Yeah.
 I guess there were a lot of empty ones, and they were like, "We'll use the space."
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 That's true.
 The usage rate of Nazi missile factories dropped off dramatically.
 Yeah.
 I can't imagine looking at the machinery and thinking, "I think we can adjust this just
 a little bit and make chocolates out of it."
 No.
 Also, it's amazing how Nutella's managed to shake off the reputation, isn't it?
 Just like Volkswagen, they're both born of Nazism, and yet somehow it's fine to possess
 them both.
 Are they?
 They wasn't made by Nazism, Nutella.
 Well, it's got the associations, hasn't it?
 What's the association?
 The factories?
 Nutella.
 But that's post-war.
 That's post-war factories.
 I'm not actually suggesting a boycott Nutella, because I think I'll lose one of my food
 grips if we do.
 Well, they kind of is a link, I'm afraid, to Italian fascism.
 So Pietro, who's the guy who founded the company, in 1938, he moved to East Africa
 trying to sell biscuits to Mussolini's troops who were stationed there.
 Oh, did he?
 So there's a little bit of a link, but not a full-on link, obviously.
 Yeah, as I'll say in Trenton Nutella, isn't there using hazelnuts?
 Was because of the rationing from the war, so it came out of the consequences rather
 than because of the ideologies?
 Yes.
 Yes.
 Fascists didn't make Nutella.
 I've never claimed that.
 Nutella, please, don't sue me.
 So hazelnuts?
 Mm-hmm.
 Yeah.
 Three quarters of the world's hazelnuts come from Turkey.
 Yeah.
 I don't know, is there absolutely a corner of the market?
 And a quarter of the world's hazelnuts, so one third of those produced in Turkey, itself
 three quarters of the total, a quarter of the world's hazelnuts are produced in a single
 Turkish town.
 Yeah.
 He's on uptown.
 And they had a terrible frost in 2014, and a third of the harvest was wiped out and prices
 rose by 60%.
 Yeah, this is all doable, isn't it?
 Yeah, all doable.
 Exactly.
 I mean, obviously, it's in the fields around the town.
 It's not exclusively in the town.
 But Nutella is trying to smash the cornering of the market, yeah, because they want
 a bit of variety in case there's another frost, so they're moving into Georgia and Abkhazia,
 another traditionally very calm and politically easygoing region, which won't be.
 So they pray to a lot of local politics, basically.
 Yeah.
 But every year, they have half a million tons of hazelnut shells to get rid of.
 What do they do with them?
 They sell them for cheap heating fuel.
 Oh, cool.
 And I can't remember what else they do.
 Well, here's one thing that the Ferreiro people do.
 They use the hazelnut shells, and they've been testing, and I don't know if this has been
 put into practice.
 This was a few years ago.
 They've been making it into the wrapping that we have for, yeah, so they've reintegrated
 it into the packaging to make themselves totally resourceful of all the--
 The Nutella.
 No, for Ferreiro.
 That's the gold stuff.
 This is from the project coordinator at Ferreiro.
 We have access to large amounts of residual byproducts, which we realize could be used constructively.
 So the company's idea was to use the nuts to create the packaging for the chocolates.
 Hey, if you ever want to know what to call a specific bit of a Ferreirochet, I have the
 answer.
 Wow.
 So I was reading about how it goes through the factory, and you know, it's got all these amazing
 devices that, for instance, sense if it's misshapen and automatically puff a bit of air
 to knock it off the production line, and all that funky stuff.
 And then there's a moment where all of Ferreirochet is, is this wafer ball, that rounded wafer,
 which, by the way, took him, Ferreiro, five years, the story goes, to try and hone how to make
 a wafer curl, apparently he was in his factory on his own for five years, that's as a legend
 goes.
 I like the person with that.
 But he curls the wafer, and then they're in the factory, and they've got hazelnut in
 them, and Nutella spread.
 And before they're dipped in chocolate and hazelnuts, that little ball is called a pickpock.
 Wow.
 Just in case--
 So if you ever suck the chocolate off the outside of a Ferreirochet, you can say, "I've got
 a pickpock."
 So they've got tick-tax pickpocks.
 That's very good naming, they should market that.
 I don't want to eat one that someone else has taken the chocolate off.
 I know.
 Sure.
 I was reading a bit about the fact that this family that created the whole Ferreiro
 empire are incredibly secretive, we were saying humble before, but it was also incredibly
 secretive.
 No one knew virtually anything about them, and for a company that was so massive, they
 never did any real publicity of their own.
 Their website, it was spotted in the telegraph back in 2009.
 This is since changed, so possibly since the owner Michelle had died, but they only had one
 financial press release on their website up until 2009, and it was two sentences long, and
 that's the only thing they ever had.
 Yeah, he gave one interview Michelle in his whole career, and even when he gave that interview,
 which was right towards the end of it, before he died, he wore dark glasses the whole way
 through.
 Yeah.
 I think it wasn't actually him.
 Yeah, you're right.
 He blatantly said that.
 He said your media savvy.
 Yeah.
 A media savvy umpulumpa from the factory.
 Oh wow.
 It's still his brother who's in charge.
 It's not Giovanni.
 Hmm.
 Yeah.
 They're basically like real life Willy Wonka, so without the killing off with children.
 That's true.
 Not killing, but like...
 It's far away.
 Well, someone else has joined the sweepstake to get sued by Nutella.
 I don't think the role dollar state has just come into.
 You're going to be sued by Harry Potter.
 Well, why?
 I was...
 No, that was Anna again.
 It's all me.
 Because of the graveyard.
 No.
 That's real.
 And Willy McGonagall's buried there, and there is a Thomas Riddle.
 Oh, yeah.
 He did claim JK Rowling has no imagination.
 She just called this around graveyards like a creep, stealing her ideas off the gravestones.
 JK Rowling is the greatest writer that our world has ever known.
 It's too late now, though.
 Oh, man.
 We've said the words.
 Um, I found out something about Shakespeare's Globe, because Shakespeare's Globe was partly
 built on Hazelnut shells.
 What?
 Wow.
 So they were excavating the original one before it was rebuilt.
 And what they found, a layer of hazelnut shells, and they assumed that maybe this is the
 leftovers from people snacking on them, but it turns out that that wasn't the case
 because they were an ingredient in a kind of mortar, what was called a poor man's mortar.
 So it was mixed with cinders and ash, and it let the rainwater filter through about support
 of the building.
 So when they rebuilt the theatre, the theatre sourced seven and a half tons of hazelnut
 shells from Turkey, sort of a special military plane flew them over, and they were pounded
 into a mortar and they were put under the floor.
 So the Globe today is still on Hazelnut shells.
 That's extraordinary.
 That's cool.
 That is so cool.
 Sometimes need a button, like an alarm for like best facts of the podcast, that is cool.
 Okay, we've hit best facts.
 They used to be called hazelnuts, until really recently, they used to be called filbits.
 Now, have you guys ever called them filbits?
 No.
 Because I was just reading an ask in the Atlantic, which happened to be from 1996, and someone
 said the filbert, or as people seem to be calling it these days, they hazelnut shells.
 You find them nonsense.
 Isn't that weird?
 Oh, that's nice.
 I'm simply saying it back.
 Should we move on?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Oh, can I just mention that?
 Oh, can I just mention Nutella jars.
 In 2015, one caused a fire.
 This was in Twickenham, and Sunrays refracted from an empty Nutella jar that was left on a window
 sill, and it burned an entire house down and killed a pet dog.
 So don't leave your Nutella jars out.
 And don't sue us Nutella.
 What?
 Hannah, you absolutely gone for it.
 They're Nazis.
 They'll burn your house down.
 OK, it is time for fact number three, and that is Chazinski.
 My fact is that the earliest depicted sofas were five feet high off the ground.
 There's this great article in the Paris Review, which is a review of a book called Now I Sit Me Down
 by a guy called Wittold Ribzinski, and I really want to read it.
 And in that, he mentions this couch, which appears in an alabaster carving from the seventh century
 called The Garden Party, and it's from Assyria, and it shows a king reclining on a sofa and
 it's five feet high.
 And he's got its queen slightly below him on an also quite high chair that has a footstool
 to mount it.
 And so, yeah, the earliest sofas were like that, and this was in Nineveh and 645 BC.
 And the height of your furniture, apparently, was related to where your social standing was.
 Do you know that the French word for sofa is canape, so if you're in France and someone
 offers you a canape, they're offering you a sofa.
 Really?
 They're much more generous at their dinner party.
 They gave out so many canapes.
 Yeah, it's because it's a sofa for the thing to go on, isn't it?
 We call it that because it's like a couch for the food to sit on.
 What?
 Yeah, the food relaxes.
 The food to sit on.
 Traditionally, it's stale bread, it's supposed to be an canape, and so the stale bread acts
 as a sofa, and then you plonk your salmon on top of it, and that's a canape.
 That's great.
 I didn't know that.
 You may have lost your best fat to the podcast.
 Yeah.
 Do you know that in the '50s, there was a trend for cardboard sofas?
 What?
 What?
 Yeah, there was an article in popular mechanics in 1954, it was that they called the trend
 paperboard furniture, and they were very excited about it because you could use pulp
 and waste paper, and so it could be recycled, or you could find it in different ways, very
 lightweight, and I quote, "The furniture is relatively inexpensive, extremely strong and
 durable, and can be disassembled when you move.
 Newlyweds can use it to bridge the gap until they can afford the kind of furniture they
 want for life."
 It's basically rather than send you a box of stuff in it, just take the box.
 Sofas are one of the reasons why Romans did away with cutlery for a while, so that reclining
 on couches became really popular and was brought from the Arabic world, the Middle East,
 where this original fact was from, into Europe, and the word sofa comes from an Arabic word,
 so the Romans started doing it, and then you're using one hand to lean on, you know, you're
 propped up on one elbow, and so you can only eat with one hand, and so you can't be having
 cutlery because it gets right in the way.
 It just looks so uncomfortable, the Roman way of dining, where you're lying on your side
 on a couch with a table with food on it next to you.
 It just looks mad.
 Yeah.
 And it takes up so much space, because everyone's lying down.
 Yeah.
 The theory is that that's how the last supper happened.
 Everyone was lying on their sides in a kind of u-shape, so you'd have about four people
 per side, each side of the u, but it does mean that you're facing someone's back, the third
 line, in front of you, facing away from you, and the guy behind you is facing your back
 and trying to talk to you.
 And you've got someone's foot in your face, but I was just thinking, you'd want to make
 sure you're on the right part of the room, because there's a thing about if you go to
 sleep on your left side, you look like you get indigestion, because you're a food engineer
 self-aggressive, because that way, so if you lie on your right, there's one way that you
 lie, you can get indigestion, because the food can't go in easy, and one way that's easier.
 So if you're lying on the wrong side in the room, I mean, lying down still not great, but
 maybe it would be slightly more comfortable.
 I think I'd risk indigestion just to have a conversation with a human, rather than
 it.
 Maybe.
 You roll it in a circle.
 But maybe it was all viral.
 They all turn it to lie the same way, often in those paintings, so maybe they'd
 crack this indigestion thing.
 They were like turning around you.
 Yeah.
 That's really amazing.
 I didn't know that.
 So the furniture generally is quite recent, almost all the furniture we see today, there
 was an article in the New York Times that was saying pretty much everything you see was invented
 between 1670 and 1730.
 So once sofas came about, like a lot of things, after ancient Roman ancient Greece and everything
 fell, they just disappeared, didn't come back for ages, and things like armchairs or sofas
 or basically everything except just one table where you do everything, and then your bed
 just wasn't a thing.
 And along with it, apparently came the new sofa attitude, which was when women started
 being a bit sexier and more relaxed, because the sofa encourages you to slightly drape
 yourself over it.
 So there's a theory that that kind of loosened up women's behaviour and morals, I think.
 Wow.
 So suddenly, men around the world were going, "Hey, there's some sexy ladies, all of us
 started."
 That's when the population started to really rise.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I did find out about the first man to make a chair factory, because before this guy, he
 was called Michael Thonne, he was a Frenchman, all chairs were lovingly handcrafted and made.
 He was born in 1796, and in Vienna, 40 or 50 years later, in mid 19th century, lots and
 lots of restaurants and cafes and coffee houses are opening, and they need chairs, they need
 hundreds and hundreds and thousands and thousands of chairs, and it's too much effort
 for individual craftsmen that laboriously carve chairs.
 So he had this brilliant method where he would cut wood into strips, he'd boil bundles
 of them in glue, and then he'd bend them into the shape in a mold that he wanted them
 to be.
 So it's more effective way of doing it, and then he'd develop ways of bending whole wood,
 you know, whole pieces of wood.
 So it was bending rather than jamming together, which is obviously much less labour intensive.
 Yeah, and then Demand grew so high that he had to open five factories by the time he
 died.
 So he was a huge share pie in there, thousands of thousands, it's weird to think of the
 first ever jazz factory, Michael Thonne.
 Michael Thonne.
 Yeah.
 Then on the very opposite mass produced, you know, when Kim Kardashian and Kanye West got
 married, they had for their meal, they had a massive custom made marble table, and instead
 of place card, they had everyone's names engraved in the marble table.
 But they got married, and it's late, I don't know, he's transport that back to California.
 Oh, wow.
 Imagine having a last minute seat as if they changed.
 Yeah.
 We've actually fallen out.
 Can we sit apart?
 No.
 Yeah.
 Unfortunately, you're a...oh my goodness.
 It's literally set in stone.
 No.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is Anne.
 My fact is that the first adverb to be shown on channel five was first and now number five.
 So good.
 Lovely.
 So nice.
 Very pleasing.
 So, it launched on 30th March, 1997, the Spice Girls launched channel five, where they sang
 the song five, four, three, two, one, but turned into one, two, three, four, five.
 Yeah.
 It was a night of wild entertainment.
 I watched it this morning, because I've never seen it before.
 It was the full launch night.
 Do you remember it?
 Do you remember it?
 Yeah.
 I remember very excitingly people turning up to re-jig the TV.
 Yeah.
 Because they were only four channels then.
 So it's like we were getting 20% more.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I was wondering about what brilliant programmes some five would hold.
 Little did we know.
 Why, forgotten though, was that half an hour of the launch night was just showing trailers
 for shows that were coming soon.
 Yes.
 I think was it.
 Yeah.
 Clever.
 The first ever adverb that was put onto TV was in the 50s, and it was ITV's launch night.
 It was the first time it went on, and it was an adverb for toothpaste, Gibbs SR toothpaste.
 And it's quite cool, because, you know, first TV adverb, and already they were employing
 a lot of the tricks that are used in modern day adverts.
 So the toothbrush itself was in a big block of ice, and obviously you can't use a big block
 of ice on a set, you know, it'll melt too quickly.
 So it was made out of plastic.
 So immediately they were using fake props to be the actual thing.
 Yeah, it's quite cool.
 But yeah, so that was 16.
 And that was the first in the UK, wasn't it, because there was advertising.
 Exactly.
 It was the first in the UK, yeah.
 I read a really strange thing about advertising now in the future of it.
 So did you know that with old sitcoms and old, but like relatively finished sitcoms,
 like however I met your mother, what they're doing now is they're still selling advertising
 spots, because they're going in, they're digitally altering the shows for products that came
 out after the show's finish.
 Oh, yeah.
 So, gee.
 So like for a film.
 So like for a kind of a new software.
 Yeah, well the example was about a movie that come out a few years after the episodes.
 They changed, I think, a TV screen and a coffee shop, and they've been a lamp post in one
 scene.
 They put a poster for the film on the lamp post.
 So they're selling this like digital space in shows.
 It was just called me so many questions.
 Yeah.
 How is this?
 I didn't know this film was coming out.
 That's such a fun idea of updating there.
 Like the way that Anna just went, oh, um, gee, if like in 40 years time someone's listening
 to this and we digitally insert whatever the, you know, PTD, you know, what she's going
 to stand for.
 What exactly?
 Uh, prime time.
 Time.
 Time.
 Time dude.
 Time dude.
 Time dude.
 If we're saying that, that is not a world I want to live in.
 I read a thing about the first adverts ever, but this wasn't Wikipedia and I haven't been
 able to back it up independently, but it's that the earliest adverts were in China and that
 they were oral.
 So you would get bamboo flutes played to sell confectionery.
 I think the first advertising was sort of going around playing a flute and saying, hey,
 do you want to buy some sweets?
 Oh, so you would, you would create a, a jingle on your flute?
 I think so, but I'm not sure.
 I think in the UK there was a version where they would, um, like early, like sort of
 flowering they would hand out leaflets and it would have the sheet music so you could sing
 the jingle to yourself.
 You could take it home and be like, that's right.
 That's very fun.
 So weird.
 She's so funny.
 So much less appealing.
 The idea of something being advertised by your dad, kind of badly, kind of interpret sheet
 music.
 I reckon we can set that up, um, William McGonagall beach of music.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 You're right.
 If it had been handed out with a flyer, people loved it.
 Yeah.
 There's no what the cheese pull is.
 The cheese pull.
 The cheese pull.
 An advertising term.
 Okay.
 Uh, and it guesses, um, cheese pull.
 I feel like a thing of cheese sounds like a bayou ball on a string, um, close-ish.
 I think it's an advert that offers you something exciting, like a cheese, but then it pulls it away.
 So it leaves you curious and it leaves you to go and find out more about the products.
 These are brilliant guesses.
 None of them are even close.
 You know, in pizza adverts, when, um, the pizza slice gets pulled away from the pizza, every
 pizza ad, the cheese pulls away and that's the cheese pull and all adverts like perfume or
 pizza have it.
 Adverts that are trying to advertise something.
 I've never seen a perfume advert, but it's a big, slightly pulled apart.
 Guys, it's, it's become a metaphor for a broader advertising technique, uh, which is
 basically using an image that specifically really, really triggers your different senses
 that aren't sight.
 In my visual suggestion, you see that cheese, but it triggers your sense of taste.
 So, and I watched a lot for this research.
 You desperately want pizza.
 There's a way thing with perfume that you're, you're advertising something that you can't
 show because it's a smell.
 Exactly.
 So you can't be like, oh, look how great it looks.
 I guess it's about why you have complicated bottles, but you want to sort of give the vibe
 of what you're selling.
 Yeah.
 It's rather than the actual product.
 That's why you need the cheese pull.
 Wow.
 Because you can't actually show a smell.
 Um, I found another thing about perfume.
 In 2014, a Californian firm announced that they were making perfume for cows.
 Okay.
 Good.
 Good.
 But for human benefit, so the idea was to make cows smell like humans.
 No.
 Yes.
 So mosquitoes would bite the cows instead of biting people.
 It's definitely going to be unintended consequences.
 That's so bad.
 That's so bad.
 Um, I was reading that Benjamin Franklin wanted, wants to invent a perfume.
 And it was an anus perfume as in what if we turned our farts into perfume?
 What if?
 Well captured them.
 No.
 No.
 Yeah.
 Although that is something that people used to do.
 But what he wanted was for scientists to focus on creating some kind of medicine that you
 would take that would mix with the gases that were down there.
 So that when you did fart, it would come out with Chanel number five.
 Yes.
 Did he have a suggestion?
 And what did he?
 No.
 He was asking for scientists to look into it.
 It was, but that was his idea.
 We can all ask for scientists to look into stuff.
 Yeah, but not all of us in Benjamin Franklin.
 In Venice too.
 Can I just say one thing, which I don't think we've ever mentioned.
 So the Egyptians were really into perfume.
 You know, we're always finding it in the tombs when we excavate them.
 And they thought that it was like the sweat of the gods and staff.
 So Moe was the sweat of the god Ra and then her ben oil, the different perfume was squeezed
 from the eye of Horus.
 But one thing they used to do was wear perfume cones on their heads.
 And that's you see it in a lot of Egyptian art.
 Cones.
 Yeah, it's like a black seed cone.
 Like an inverted cone.
 Party hat.
 Cones.
 It's like a party hat.
 But what it was is a wax cone.
 And then I had perfume on the inside and you'd go to a banquet.
 And because it was quite hot in Egypt, it would melt as the banquet proceeded and release
 the perfume sense into the air, presumably as wax kind of rolled down your face.
 And then like dried.
 Yes.
 Like in your hair.
 Tried and concealed in your hair.
 It's like why spray it on yourself when you can bring the bottle with you.
 All the perfume.
 You are.
 Feel the perfume.
 Be the perfume.
 You are the perfume.
 I've got a couple of Chanel facts.
 Yeah.
 So Coco Chanel, I didn't know this, wasn't called Coco or Chanel in her birth certificate.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So her first thing is Gabrielle.
 Coco was a nickname.
 And her surname is Chanel.
 But it was originally spot with an S before the end.
 So Chasnell.
 Chasnell?
 Chasnell.
 It's got a different ring to it.
 That's it.
 That's it.
 That's Chasnell.
 Chasnell, number five.
 Chasnell from Wolverhampton.
 And then it takes, so for a 30-millimeter bottle of the perfume, it takes a thousand jasmine
 flowers and twelve roses, which is a lot, into one wee bottle.
 And I liked a lot.
 If you shop it shut out often enough, you get your own custom mannequin made to your
 exact proportions.
 I can make you clothes.
 No way.
 And I can't have much money you need to spend before you're at mannequin level.
 I thought you meant that they made you a custom mannequin so that they can practice spraying
 the perfume on you.
 So they measure the dimensions of your neck to make sure that it's right for you.
 So as a design house.
 Sorry.
 They have the mannequin.
 Wow.
 They make other things.
 I think the perfume is kind of a one-size-fits-all.
 Yes.
 I think the perfume is kind of a one-size-fits-all.
 The jasmine.
 The jasmine.
 The jasmine.
 We'll have an XL, please.
 A lot.
 A lot.
 A lot of cows to cover in it.
 No.
 I was reading about the making of Chanel number five, its origins.
 So it was this guy who created fragrances called Ernest Bow.
 And when he was presenting his sense to Coco Chanel, he had numerous sense that he wanted
 to show her.
 And he numbered them number one to number five.
 And then there was a second batch, which was number 20 to 24.
 And she went through and she picked number five because that was the best one.
 It happened to batch of 6 to 19 because that's what I wanted.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And he never used to smell when he was creating the perfumes.
 He did it all basically like a mathematical formula.
 Oh, really?
 He knew the smells and he knew the combinations so well that he just used to write the recipes.
 And he said it's like writing music.
 Each component has a definite tonal value.
 I can compose a waltz or a funeral march.
 That's quite beautiful.
 Yeah.
 Like playing with smells.
 Well, what is a good smell?
 What?
 It's all a bookshit, isn't it?
 What?
 I mean, there's no smell to this.
 Can you just silly flowery smells?
 It's sounding off today's lawsuit challenge with it's all bullshit to the makers of Chanel.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with us about any of the things we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 And.
 @Miller_An.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcasts@ky.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account at no such thing.
 Or you can go to our brand new Twitter account, which is @PTDFacts, all the most PTD facts
 you'll ever see on the internet.
 Or you can go to our Facebook group, no such thing as a fish or a website, no such thing
 as a fish.com.
 We have everything up there from links to our upcoming book to our tour to all the previous
 episodes.
 Enjoy it.
 We'll be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
