 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing As A Fish, a weekly podcast,
 this week coming to you live from Oxford!
 (audience cheering)
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here
 with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again,
 we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is my fact,
 my fact this week is that the longest
 professional baseball match on record only lasted so long
 because the umpire's rule book was missing the bit
 that explained when a match should be stopped.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's amazing.
 I kind of think that an umpire should already know the rules
 by the time he's starting to umpire the game.
 - Yeah, you would think.
 - Halfway through, he shouldn't be going,
 "No, I'm just gonna check."
 - Well, this was unprecedented times in the baseball world.
 So this was a match that was in April 18th, 1981.
 It was the poor Tuckett Red Sox,
 and they were playing the Rochester Red Wings,
 and so these are smaller teams
 and a different league professional baseball players though.
 And poor Tuckett, it was played there,
 which is in Rhode Island.
 Big deal for poor Tuckett, because the newspaper,
 the next day, said not since the time
 that they had to shoot the drunken camel at the City Zoo,
 (audience laughing)
 has there been this much excitement in poor Tuckett.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yeah, but it was in 1981.
 - 1981, so it sounds like a weird match from ages ago,
 but quite recently really.
 At the start of the match, there were 1700 fans watching.
 By the time the game eventually ended,
 which was 4.07 in the morning,
 there were 20 people left watching,
 still watching the match, 20,
 which I feel is quite a lot.
 - I read that some of them were asleep.
 - Oh, okay.
 - They all got given a season ticket,
 so it paid off for them.
 - I think some of them got lifetime passes.
 - Yeah, they did, that's true.
 So it was the longest baseball match on the world,
 which is eight hours and 25 minutes.
 It really isn't that long.
 I think what makes it long.
 - It's quite long.
 - Well, come on, we're from a nation of cricket.
 That was bullshit.
 - Exactly, exactly.
 'Cause all the writing up,
 like there was a player called Wade Bogues,
 who was 22 years old when the match started,
 and by the time it ended, he was 23.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wade Bogues is quite famous.
 He became quite a famous player later.
 - Did he?
 But this didn't happen to land on the,
 when it went past midnight, he turned 23.
 The thing about this match was it was eventually stopped,
 and they then resumed the match a few months later.
 - Oh, you're kidding.
 Oh, I thought it was just a midnight thing the birthday.
 - No, no.
 - Oh, okay.
 - But when they've carried on afterwards,
 it took like about 18 minutes or something.
 - Yeah, didn't they just have a school once, basically?
 And they did, and then that's over.
 And there's sort of thousands of people flocked,
 'cause by then it was almost as big news
 as the drunken camel thing.
 So the entirety of the nation, practically,
 was there for 18 minutes.
 But Dan, what's the deal with the missing page?
 Who's ripped out the crucial page?
 - Yeah, we don't know if it was missing,
 we don't know if they couldn't find it,
 and just no one knew what to do.
 And so there was actually someone
 that they were trying to call on a landline
 who was higher up, who just wasn't near their phone.
 Also, it was 12 a.m. heading into 4 a.m. eventually.
 So they eventually got through to him,
 and they were like, "What do we do?"
 And he was like, "Stop the fucking match!
 "What are you doing?"
 Why did they, why was it lasting so long?
 Do we know? - So what happens
 in baseball is you have an innings and an innings.
 You keep going with inningses until someone scores more
 than that innings than the other team.
 You do a certain number that you're supposed to do.
 And then if it's a tie, you just keep going
 until one team gets like sudden death.
 And they just kept going,
 nil nil, nil nil, nil nil, nil nil, nil nil.
 And then there was a one,
 and then the other team got a one.
 And that was, it was Wade Boggs.
 He kind of got a home run to tie that game.
 And he said, "I didn't know if the guys on my team
 "wanted to hug me or slug me."
 - That's a great thing to say.
 - Boggs, by the way, I just want to say,
 because he is famous,
 but the most thing I know about him
 is he once consumed 107 beers in one day.
 - Whoa, for like charity or?
 - He was just thirsty.
 - Sometimes people don't need an incentive, Dan,
 to drink the 100 beers.
 - He's famous as big drinker,
 but then this is the record that his friend said
 and he's confirmed.
 - Wow.
 - But so the match itself, again,
 I wish we hadn't told you it was just eight hours,
 because when you hear the details of the match,
 it does sound like it just went on for like a week.
 So the accounts of the baseball players,
 a very cold night,
 the baseball players getting so cold
 that they were ripping up furniture from the dugout
 and burning it,
 snapping used baseball bats in half
 and putting it in this bin of fire to stay warm,
 to keep them going.
 - If you can snap a baseball bat in half,
 I don't think you'd need a fire.
 I think you're fine.
 - A jump rod.
 These people are pathetic.
 - I know.
 - It was cold.
 It was really cold.
 And that was one of the problems.
 It was a really windy day as well.
 And so the problem was it kept being nil, nil, nil, nil
 because no one could get any home runs.
 And the reason was they kept whacking it for miles and miles
 and the wind would just blow it back into the stadium.
 - Oh.
 - Were they playing with a boomerang?
 It turned out.
 - Yeah, extraordinary game.
 - It is quite pathetic.
 If you look at sports matches of your,
 where they basically,
 before all these rules were codified for all the sports
 in sort of mid to late 19th century,
 they just went on for days and days and days, didn't they?
 You get football matches and rugby matches
 with hundreds of participants.
 You'd have one village playing another village
 and they play from dawn until dusk
 for like four days straight.
 It was great.
 I think the first recorded football match ever
 in Sheffield in 1794, that was three days long.
 And the match report said three days long,
 a very good match and it felt necessary to note
 that although there were quite a lot of injuries,
 no one was killed.
 - But that's amazing 'cause that team,
 before that game, they were called Sheffield Monday,
 weren't they?
 (laughing)
 - Very strong.
 - But on the flip side,
 you do get short baseball games as well.
 And there is a record for shortest baseball game ever,
 which was in 1916 and the match lasted for 31 minutes.
 And yeah, and that's really quick for baseball.
 And the reason is both teams beforehand spoke to each other
 and realized they both had them trained to catch,
 which was going quite early.
 - No way.
 - So, but the problem was for the fans who came to the match
 is that the game started 30 minutes early.
 So the game ended before it was meant to start.
 So fans rocked up and they're like,
 "This is gonna be great."
 And then they saw like the final batter or whatever.
 And then they all went off.
 - That's bullshit.
 I'm outraged for these people 105 years ago.
 - Do you know the first ever baseball rule
 that was written down was that all players must be punctual?
 - Really?
 This is the oldest set of rules we have.
 They're called the Nicarbaca rules.
 They were written in New York.
 But the thing was the teams were from New York,
 but there wasn't much room to play in New York.
 So they always played in New Jersey.
 And so if you have to schlep all the way over the river
 to New Jersey, obviously you don't want people
 turning up half an hour later or an hour later or whatever.
 So that's why that was the first rule.
 - It was good, wasn't it?
 - Interestingly, a New Jersey is what these poor cold guys
 in the match we previously referred to need it.
 - And also in those set of rules,
 hitting the ball out of the stadium was a foul.
 So you know in baseball now,
 really what you're trying to do is whack it all the way out.
 In those days, if you did that, you would be out.
 And that's because the stadium was right next
 to the Hudson River and they couldn't afford
 to lose all the balls.
 - So did the phrase, you knocked it out of the park,
 have a negative connotation of those things?
 Idiot, you knocked it out of the park.
 Now we've got to go and get it in the boat.
 - There was one controversial rule book incident
 which I read about.
 And this was a guy called Earl Weaver
 who was manager of the Baltimore Orioles.
 And he had a real issue with umpires.
 So I think he was managing in the 1970s.
 He hated umpires.
 He thought none of them knew the rules.
 They didn't know what they were doing.
 He got told off loads of times for once he pulled up third base
 and just walked off the pitch with it.
 He wants, the description was he was told off
 for pecking at an umpire's chin
 with the beak of his baseball cap.
 So they had a tense relationship.
 Anyway, in 1979, he got in such a big fight
 with one of the umpires who basically hadn't called out
 what this guy thought was an illegal move of the oppositions
 that he went to the dugout, he got the rule book,
 he marched back onto the field
 and he opened the rule book and started reading from it,
 saying, look, you obviously don't know the rules, you idiot.
 And the umpire got annoyed, understandably.
 And so then he started tearing the rule book to shreds
 and throwing it all over the field in front of them.
 - One of the other things, early baseball,
 they never, so baseball players all have that cool glove
 that we get as kids when we're playing.
 - The baseball glove.
 - Yeah, that's what it's called.
 - You don't mean the giant gladiator phone thing,
 but you mean the phone thing. - No, I don't mean the audio thing.
 - No, so those gloves, but in the early days of baseball,
 that was seen as a very wimpy thing
 to have any kind of handwear.
 So you would just have to use your hands.
 But that was really damaging all the players
 because those balls, as we know, very hard
 and they're being walloped.
 So that was a real risk when you were a baseball player.
 And so it was a player, as far as one historian
 was looking and find this player called Charles C. Waite,
 who was the first person who wore a glove.
 But because he was so scared of being made fun for it,
 he wore his skin tone color as the glove.
 So he thought at that distance,
 they might just think in the crowd,
 "Oh, he's got slightly big hands."
 (audience laughing)
 - But just one big hand.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Just on the gloves and the catching and throwing.
 - Yeah.
 - So the world record for throwing and catching eggs
 was set by a couple of baseball players from New Zealand.
 - What was it?
 - I guess they're very practised at it.
 Called Nick Hornstein and Ricky Pyeway in 2018.
 - So is that like I throw an egg to you
 and you have to catch it and you have to be
 as far away from me as possible?
 - Exactly.
 - Does it matter how the egg is cooked?
 - It does, come on.
 That would be very--
 - Frisbeer fried egg, come on, that's a challenge.
 - It's 93.6 meters.
 - Sounds boiled.
 - Which is pretty, it was not, it was a raw egg.
 And it was very impressive.
 And this is at the World Egg Throwing Federation,
 which is based in Swatton in England.
 - We know where it's based.
 - Sorry.
 Anyway, it sounds like an incredible party,
 the World Egg Throwing Championship.
 So I was reading an account of it
 and I'm just gonna read you what happened on the day.
 Former champ Norm Fowler of Peterborough
 won the Russian egg roulette.
 No explanation in this article of what that is.
 Then the Target Accuracy Contest,
 throwing at male model Joel Hicks,
 was won by Tina from Cambridge with two shots to the groin.
 (audience laughing)
 - Listen, we need to move on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that when acorn woodpeckers
 fight each other, the rumour spreads through the community
 and other acorn woodpeckers turn up to watch.
 (audience laughing)
 This is so cool.
 So they're really social, they're the most social woodpeckers,
 'cause a lot of woodpeckers are solitary, I'm sure you know.
 And they love this spectator sport
 and they have these amazing battles over their territory,
 their trees, their granary trees,
 which are where they stockpile all their acorns.
 And basically the trees are guarded by a group of males
 who are all brothers and then a group of females
 who are all sisters and they're all chagging each other
 as well as guarding the tree.
 But they're not brothers and sisters with each other,
 so there's no incest going on.
 Anyway, when one gender dies out, when one sex dies out,
 then there's a vacancy and so a bunch of female acorn woodpeckers
 will want to swoop in to claim that tree
 and these massive fights break out
 between the different claimants to the tree.
 And yeah, people come from miles around,
 not when I say people, I mean woodpeckers.
 (audience laughing)
 - You've identified too closely
 with your research area this week, Anna, yeah.
 - That's amazing.
 - And they'll travel for a couple of miles
 and they'll spend like an hour a day
 just watching this big fight and they'll go back home.
 And I think it's useful, they think,
 'cause you can pick up social information,
 spy out potential mates.
 - But they leave their bit of tree
 that they're protecting in order to see this fight.
 And it feels like that's the next little trick of evolution
 that you need to fake a fight
 and then send in your troops around the back.
 - Or just like one acorn woodpecker
 who kind of goes around when everyone else is at the fight,
 just stealing their acorns.
 - Exactly, or claiming the trees, you know?
 - Oh yeah, you've broken the system.
 - The fights, they last for a long time,
 they last for about a day sometimes.
 I know the woodpecker, the audience has come for an hour.
 - Very much, it's last for five days, so.
 - That's true, pathetic.
 Yeah, this family strategy they have
 is pretty interesting,
 the sort of incest avoidance thing they have
 because you get a breeding pair
 and then you get a load of babysitter,
 let's say a load of babysitter males, okay,
 who are the offspring of the breeding pair.
 - Got it.
 - Then the breeding female will die, okay?
 But that means that there has to be a new female.
 However, the previous, the helper males,
 the babysitter males, previously couldn't breed
 because the breeding female was their mother, okay?
 So, but now they're on equal terms with their dad
 because there's gonna be a new breeding female.
 So now there is just a parity,
 so they're all gonna breed with the new female.
 So finally, and this is good for obviously,
 for the babysitter males who now can breed,
 but it's also very interesting
 'cause it means these birds have an awareness
 of the relations of other birds to each other.
 It's called triadic awareness.
 And it's not a Woody Woodpecker though, is it?
 (audience laughing)
 - Does it make, do we know if it makes it
 an awkward father-son dynamic?
 It's like if your parents divorce
 and then your dad marries a step-mom,
 then you also shag the step-mom.
 - Is it?
 - And that often creates tension.
 - I think it does.
 (audience laughing)
 - That's just why I wonder if it's the same.
 - Yeah?
 But it's so, yeah, like that family dynamic is so weird.
 It's also the case that a few mums will also live
 in the same nest, right?
 And when that happens, and they're having eggs,
 they try and synchronize eggs
 so that they don't have one child arriving before the other.
 And what they'll do is if one of the mothers has an egg,
 they'll knock the egg out just to make sure
 that that's no longer--
 - I think they might eat it.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, and they'll get the young instance.
 - So if there are two breeding females--
 - Exactly.
 - And they haven't synchronized
 when they're having their eggs,
 the other one will push out or eat the egg of the first one
 until they get it right, until they get it all the time.
 - Or, sadistically, feed it to the mother often, you know?
 You've laid an egg and then your rival female pushes it out
 and then comes and feeds it back to you.
 But it's all 'cause of this bizarre setup
 where they have up to seven males
 and up to three females in every crew, isn't it?
 So you've got these three rival females at all times,
 constantly laying and killing each other's kids
 and laying and killing each other's kids.
 - And it can be weeks, cannibalism for weeks
 and then you time it right and then happy families again.
 - Yeah, it's like when your periods are synchronizing
 when women live together.
 It takes a few months to get in sync.
 - Yes.
 - And you kill each other's periods
 until they all arrive at the same time.
 - Yes. - Apart from, of course,
 that's a myth. - Ah.
 - It's a myth women's periods don't synchronize.
 - Is it?
 Oh, yeah, you keep claiming it's a myth, but I,
 what am I, let's move on.
 No, Dan, please don't. - Come on, Dan, please don't.
 Well, my research has shown in the houses that I live in
 that there's something to it.
 - Hundreds of thousands of houses, I'm sure.
 - I had to move a lot of times to different houses,
 particularly when they found out
 of my period experiment I was conducting.
 - The fights are pretty violent, though,
 because I read one place that said the birds
 basically have spears for mouths.
 And you'll see after the fights
 that the birds will have eyes gouged out,
 blood all over them.
 They'll fall to the floor holding each other's legs
 so they can't fly and they'll kind of crash to the ground.
 So they're pretty violent.
 - Wow.
 - You can see why people go to watch.
 - Yes.
 - Yeah. - And by people, again.
 (laughing)
 - They make a sound that goes like, "Waka, waka."
 - Oh, like Fosy Bear.
 - Fosy Bear or Shakira were the only two I could pick up.
 (laughing)
 - When will they duet?
 - What did Woody Woodpecker?
 - Yeah, exactly. - Is that in any way--?
 - That was quite good, actually.
 Not bad.
 So the voice of Woody Woodpecker was a woman called Grace Lance.
 She's also known by her stage name, Grace Stafford.
 And what happened was they had another person
 who did the voice, I think it might be Mel Blanc,
 but it was someone famous like-- - Yeah, he was the original,
 I think, yeah. - Yeah, yeah.
 And then he decided he didn't want to do it anymore.
 And she said, "Well, I'll do it.
 "I do a really good impression.
 "Not as good as Dan Shriver, but it's quite good."
 And her husband, who was producing it, said,
 "Nah, I don't think so.
 "I think we're gonna tender for it."
 And so she then did an anonymous audition tape
 and sent it in with all the other audition tapes,
 and he still chose Woody Woodpecker.
 - Wow, cool. - Impression.
 And for the first something like 10 years or so,
 eight years in fact, that she did it,
 she didn't have her name on the credits.
 And that was because she thought people would be disillusioned
 if they knew Woody was voiced by a woman.
 - Right. - Wow.
 - As opposed to a Woodpecker.
 (laughing)
 Because I would be devastated as a child.
 The trees are incredible, aren't they?
 You've got to look up the granary trees of Acorn Woodpeckers,
 which they mostly keep in the California, Oregon area,
 basically look like a tree that's surface
 is covered in crumpets.
 - They look incredible.
 They look like, you know, people who are scared
 of like little holes?
 Is it called trypophobia or something like that?
 They would hate these
 because it's just loads of little holes
 and each one is shoved an acorn into it.
 - And they test them, they'll shove an acorn in
 and then they'll practice trying to get it out.
 And if it's too easy to extract the acorn
 from the little hole they've made,
 they abandon the hole.
 That's gonna be too easy to steal.
 - But it keeps changing because the holes
 always change size, 'cause trees change size.
 Trees are always growing and shifting a bit
 and acorns dry out, so they will change size when they do.
 So it's a nightmare.
 So they spend all of their bloody time moving.
 It's not funny, there are up to 50,000 holes in a tree, guys.
 Guys, please take it seriously.
 50,000 acorns in a tree, it's just you
 and your brothers and your three weird wives.
 And you have to, it takes 20 minutes to make one hole.
 There are 50,000 holes in the tree
 and you're constantly moving the acorns
 to a better fitting hole.
 It's awful.
 I would want to die in a fight.
 - Okay, look, we need to move on to our next fact.
 It is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that the world's largest
 carpet museum is shaped like a giant roll of carpet.
 (audience laughing)
 For people at home, we've just put a picture of it
 on the screen, and I think that undeniably looks
 like a giant roll of carpet.
 - Yeah, it's awesome.
 It's really amazing.
 - Yeah, so this is in Baku in Azerbaijan,
 and this is something that I noticed
 when I was reading about a carpet war,
 between Azerbaijan and Armenia,
 on top of the actual war they're having.
 - But the carpet war...
 - They're not the most lethal weapons, are they?
 - But you can carpet bomb somewhere, I suppose.
 - Yeah, I think you got confused.
 - So these are carpets that come from an area
 called Nagano Karabakh,
 which is a disputed territory between the two places.
 Armenian weavers are claiming that the Azerbaijan
 government is appropriating their culture,
 because basically most people, most historians,
 not all of them, but most historians,
 think that these are Armenian-based carpets,
 but Azerbaijan has built a massive museum,
 and most of it says no, they're ours.
 - Oh. - Yeah.
 - I didn't know that this was so political museum.
 - It's quite political. - I just thought
 it was a farm museum, yeah.
 - Apparently there's some Azerbaijan-y officials
 who say there is no such thing as Armenian carpets.
 - No such thing, that's pretty ballsy,
 to say Armenia doesn't even make carpets.
 - I know, well they claim that the Armenians
 stole the Azeri tactics and stuff like that.
 And the UNESCO has said that Azerbaijani carpets
 are a masterpiece of intangible heritage,
 but a lot of people pointed to the large donation
 that the government made to UNESCO just before they made that.
 So this is very controversial,
 and I know from me saying that it sounds like
 I'm on the Armenian side, you know,
 you can make your own decision.
 - But don't decide wrong, James,
 you've just absolutely torched our Azerbaijan tour next year,
 so thanks a lot for that.
 Wow.
 - And this museum, yeah, it's quite new.
 If you look in Baku, I think a few of you will know this,
 'cause they've had football tournaments and stuff there,
 but they built a whole load of new stuff
 in Baku quite recently.
 But one thing about, I noticed when looking
 in the interior of this, is that all the floors
 are paved with marble.
 It doesn't seem to be a single carpet
 that's not behind the perspex, so.
 - So funny.
 - You don't want to ruin them.
 That's a sign that you're treasuring your carpets.
 - Yeah, I guess.
 - 'Cause they're really, I mean,
 there is much wall hangings as for floors,
 until pretty recently, aren't they?
 I've always thought we should bring back the wall carpet.
 - Yes, I like it, yeah.
 - It's gone out of fashion a long time ago,
 like probably turned in the 20th century, maybe before.
 - I've got a carpet on a wall.
 - So it went out of fashion maybe 200 years ago,
 actually.
 - Have you really, only?
 - Yeah, why?
 - It's actually sound proofing, yeah.
 - Oh, maybe that's what they were doing,
 recording all their podcasts back in the day.
 - Maybe.
 (laughing)
 - I like, I was reading, there's Turkish carpets,
 rather than having a new Turkish carpet
 that feels like it's just really bold in its colors
 and really bright, getting a more antiquey feel to one
 is something that people chase more.
 And the way to make that happen that they do in Turkey
 is that they actually take the carpets out
 for months at a time and just lay them out in fields.
 So if you go on Google Earth and you zoom in on Turkey,
 there is whole fields, yeah, of thousands of carpets
 that are just laid out in the open because it's very dry.
 And they just sit there and it's these carpet layers
 who understand fading so well that someone can say,
 I want it faded to like this kind of degree
 and they're like, leave it to me.
 And they go and get the carpet when they know
 the time is right, when it's faded.
 Yeah, and it looks really antiquey and they dust it off
 and that's when you get your carpet.
 - Wow, that's really cool.
 - Is it fake? - No, I do believe you.
 It's just that when you say weird shit like that,
 it's off and on. - I know.
 - The way you looked at me, it was like, is that true, James?
 Is it true? - Prove me wrong.
 So did you hear that in 2012,
 scientists at the University of Manchester
 made a magic carpet, which is very exciting.
 Yeah, not a classic MagCarp.
 They made one which basically it can tell you
 when you're gonna fall over, which is very useful.
 - Oh, yeah. - So it doesn't fly high, though.
 - It's not flying. - It doesn't fly, no, no, no.
 They're working on that, but this is very useful for the--
 - They're working on that? - They're not working on that.
 - No, obviously they're not fucking working on that.
 - It's the next obvious step, isn't it?
 - Yeah. - No, but it's--
 - How does it do that?
 Does it just have those horrible rolls in it
 that trip you up and then a sign on the other side
 that goes, ha ha, told you'd fall over?
 - Quite the reverse.
 No, quite the reverse.
 It's stuffed with clever fiber optic cable
 and that kind of thing.
 And basically it builds up a profile of your movement
 as you're walking around.
 So it's not like-- - Can you get amazing internet
 if you're on that carpet?
 - It basically monitors you
 and if your movement deteriorates even slightly,
 it's for people who are elderly.
 - It can tell your gait, I guess, right?
 - Yeah, it can tell your gait.
 So it can't tell you you're about to fall over now,
 but it can say you're about to fall over soon.
 So look out for that.
 - You can imagine an alarm that went off
 when you're about to fall over,
 it would actually make you more likely to fall over.
 - 100%. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Do you know that there's people at the Harvard University
 that are working on a magic carpet?
 - Same question, a flying one.
 - This is an actual flying one and they have made it,
 but it's the size of a banknote
 and it's only not 0.1 millimeters thick.
 - Okay.
 - But who's flying on it?
 Is it about aunt?
 - Like a cool, yeah, that'd be so exciting.
 - That would be awesome, right?
 They think that they could possibly make it bigger
 in the future, but you'd need so much energy
 and you'd need to make it ripple.
 So what it is, it's like a really tiny bit of,
 almost like paper, it ripples and ripples and ripples
 and then the force that these ripples cause
 can make it kind of just go up off the ground,
 but they can also make it go forward.
 So it's quite cool,
 but I suppose we're a few years away from it.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - That's fair enough.
 - It's a long way to go.
 - That's very cool.
 - Can we go back to the countries
 that lead the world in carpet making?
 'Cause I don't think we've covered them all there a lot.
 - Okay.
 - So Turkmenistan is a big one,
 has the Guinness World Record
 for the biggest carpet in the world,
 which by the way, it's really beatable.
 If anyone wants to, it's 14 meters wide
 and 21.5 meters long, which feels shit.
 And it wasn't even made by that many people.
 Daily Sabah, which is a Turkish news site,
 said it was made by a total of 40 people,
 including one man.
 - It is like, historically,
 it's like a women's role to make these carpets, isn't it?
 - Yeah, pretty much everywhere.
 That seems to be the unifying thing
 across all of these carpet countries.
 It's always the women who do it.
 - He smashed through the carpet floor.
 (laughing)
 - It's great, well done, him.
 - But Turkmenistan's national flag has carpet on it.
 - Doesn't it?
 - Which I don't think any of the others do,
 so I think that's winning.
 But yeah, in 1992,
 when I think they became independent from the Soviets,
 they started designing their national flag.
 And if you look at it, it's a really nice flag.
 It's green with a red stripe
 and it has five carpet motifs on it.
 They're called gulls,
 and they're just little carpet patterns.
 - Oh, the flag's not made of carpet material.
 - Does it have tassels?
 'Cause if not, I'm not interested.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 It doesn't have tassels,
 and if it was made of carpet,
 it would need a fucking strong wind to fly it.
 (laughing)
 - Oh yeah, good point.
 - Can we talk about weather spoons, carpets, please, briefly?
 - Okay, sure.
 - Okay, every weather spoon,
 so about 900 in the UK has its own special carpet.
 And this wasn't known about until about 2015?
 Known about in public.
 - Must have been known about.
 - Tim Marson, the boss, he probably knew.
 He probably was laughing up his sleeve at all of us.
 - Everyone's always so pissed when they leave.
 They never remember the carpets.
 That's the trick.
 - There was a guy called Kit Kales,
 who started a blog about the floor coverings
 of every single weather spoon in the country.
 And he assumed they'd be identical when he started.
 So I'm not sure why he was blogging about it.
 But, all right, he found out,
 and then he started the blog.
 It doesn't matter.
 Each one has their own,
 and they're often themed to the local area.
 It's really exciting.
 So there's a Britannia pub in Plymouth,
 which is slightly cruise-chip based, you know.
 He wrote, Kit Kales, he wrote an entire book
 about weather spoons, pub carpets,
 and the sun covered it with the headline,
 "The Rug Pratt".
 Is this Britain's saddest hobby?
 - Is that a pun on the Rugrats?
 - It's a pun on the Rugrat, yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - I know.
 - Well, he was the person,
 the original people that made those carpets
 were the people that had--
 - Axe Minster.
 - Yes, yeah.
 - Yeah, I've gone a bit deep on this one, yeah.
 - Yeah, yeah, so they're the ones
 who have the royal decree.
 - Warrant.
 - Warrant in order to make carpets for the royal family.
 So, yeah, weather spoons and them,
 and then they stopped making it because people started coughing.
 - But Buckingham Palace, if you've ever been inside,
 it's all weather spoons.
 - Yeah, that's what's taking up all the space.
 The ground floor is just a really big weather spoon, yeah.
 - I'll tell you what,
 the Buckingham Palace all day breakfast is off.
 - You know, one very famous red carpet
 that we all are aware of is the Hollywood red carpet
 that we see at the Oscars every single year.
 And I didn't realize that there's so much mystery
 around the red carpet at Hollywood.
 So, when they make it,
 they make it in a mill in Dalton, in America,
 and they don't tell you which mill it's being made in.
 That's all we know.
 We don't know.
 It's got its own special color, Academy Red.
 They bring it there in a truck.
 It's very mysterious.
 They lay it down.
 They have people in tuxedos with little portable vacuums,
 just a vacuum at every spot,
 and make sure that the carpet's doing fine.
 And then when the ceremony's done,
 they pick it up and they burn it.
 And it's only ever used once.
 It's just a big mystery,
 and they make a whole new carpet the next time.
 - Why do they burn it?
 - Because they don't want the material.
 So, a few people have stolen bits of material from it,
 and they've gone on eBay,
 and they're really worried that it's kind of like
 the Coca-Cola recipe.
 They're gonna discover the recipe for the
 Hollywood red carpet. - It's a red carpet.
 - No. - What do you want?
 - It's a magic carpet.
 - It's kind of slightly off-red.
 It's more like purple. - Yeah, it's burgundy.
 - Yeah, it's burgundy.
 - If you let people film the ceremony,
 you can see what color it is.
 - You can see the color,
 but you can't see what it's made of.
 - It's made of carpet. - I think--
 - It doesn't matter. - Oh.
 - I think, although I like the conspiracy theory reasoning,
 I think it's more likely that you can't reuse it,
 'cause the next Hollywood year,
 it's gonna look like crap.
 And it's 152 meters long,
 so there's very little other use you can put it to.
 There's hardly anyone who's got used
 for 152 meters long carpet.
 - I think it might be.
 Maybe it's just made of something really awesome,
 like Bill Murray's back hair or something.
 - Yeah, exactly, yes.
 - You know, people used to cover their carpets
 with other carpets to protect them?
 Called "druggets."
 - Oh, yeah, I've got one on my wall.
 Yeah.
 - Your wall is seven carpets thick.
 Yeah, until the 19th century,
 druggets which are just cheaper carpets
 that you put on top of your carpet for everyday use.
 And then if a guest came, you whipped the carpet off,
 and then you had the proper one underneath.
 - That's the sad thing, Andy has a drugget dealer,
 don't you?
 - Hey!
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that the world's first ever
 hot-air balloon wedding was meant to happen in 1865,
 but the officiating priest refused to go up.
 So the couple had the first ever
 hot-air balloon honeymoon instead.
 - Very nice.
 - It's just a nice story about a couple
 called Mary West Jenkins and John F. Boynton.
 They wanted to marry in a balloon.
 They thought it'd be fun.
 And the reverend said, "No."
 He said it was too unholy, not appropriate enough.
 So they just went up after the wedding instead.
 But it was a very exciting ceremony this wedding.
 There were 6,000 people there.
 - They were mostly there for the balloon.
 - They were there for the balloon, yeah.
 They were in Central Park.
 So they did get married in the end,
 but they got married on the ground.
 - And how much do you suspect that the reverend
 was just too much of a pussy to go up in the balloon?
 - It's possible, isn't it?
 - There was the Baltimore Daily Commercial
 of the 10th of November, 1865.
 This was a couple of days later.
 They said that the official story
 was that the priest had to get the last train to Philadelphia.
 Okay, but then they did say the actual reason, probably,
 was that the reverend gentleman,
 accustomed to operate soloing in mundane matrimony,
 had backed out at the 11th hour.
 - Right.
 I wonder how much a history,
 like speaking of the shortest baseball match before,
 has been influenced by people needing to get trains.
 (audience laughing)
 Quite a lot.
 - What time is it now?
 (laughing)
 - And the reverend, by the way,
 was a guy called Thomas DeWitt Talmadge.
 And one reason why I'm not sure
 whether he was scared of going up
 is he was a massive publicity stunt guy.
 And they said that he was the most famous clergyman
 in the world, including, hopefully, over 30.
 He was really, really famous.
 - That's famous.
 - He thought that no one should be able to read novels.
 - Sorry.
 - When was this?
 - This was in the 1860s.
 - People frowned on novels back then, didn't they?
 You were supposed to be reading Greek.
 - He said that anyone who read novels
 shouldn't be allowed to work in an office, a store,
 a home, a shop, or a factory.
 And he also thought that--
 - Where are you gonna work?
 In a field?
 - In a field.
 - Yeah, did you get one of Dan's magic jobs
 drying carpets out for a living?
 - It's not, it's not, it's real.
 - Yes, yes.
 - But this guy, there are two people who got married.
 It was, like you say, Mary West Jenkins
 and Dr. John F. Boynton.
 And his doctorate was in geology.
 And he decided that as well as doing his wedding
 up in the Hot Air Balloon,
 he also was gonna make several electrical experiments
 while he was up there.
 - Cool.
 - So he was like mixing business with pleasure.
 - Yeah, she must have been slightly annoyed
 as he set up the cathode.
 The balloon was an interesting one.
 Well, the owner of the balloon was an interesting man.
 He was called Thaddeus Lowe.
 And he had been a spy in the Civil War,
 but a balloon spy.
 - Right.
 - Yeah.
 - It's so hard to spy on a balloon.
 You'd think it was quite conspicuous.
 - It's very hard, yeah.
 But yeah, you're right.
 He had proposed balloons for use in the Civil War,
 which they actually were in the American Civil War.
 And he--
 - So what would he do as a spy, though, with the--
 - You would, you know, look around.
 - Oh, he'd be up there.
 - He'd be up there.
 - So he'd come back and be like,
 "They've got carpets everywhere."
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, exactly, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He demonstrated it for George Washington,
 who had died about 40 years earlier.
 Sorry, for the White House.
 He'd gone up in Washington with a telegraph key
 which linked him to the White House.
 So he was able to radio down to the White House.
 - You mentioned George Washington, by mistake.
 - For no reason.
 - For no reason.
 - Oh, thank you for picking me up on that.
 - The first actual marriage that did happen,
 eventually, in a balloon was in 1874.
 It was Mary Elizabeth Walsh and Charles M. Colton.
 And it was on top of the P.T. Barnum Manhattan hypnodrome
 that they had.
 There was always a balloon on the top of there,
 and it used to go up all the time.
 And so they got married on there.
 And one of the people who was on there,
 who was basically Barnum's balloon guy,
 was called Washington Harrison Donaldson.
 And he was named Washington after George Washington,
 hence the connection.
 And he was a daredevil and he was amazing.
 So he used to do high wire acts and so on.
 And then when balloons became a thing,
 he did a thing whereby he would go up in a balloon,
 but he got rid of the basket and he would have a bar,
 just a bar where he would put his legs over and go up.
 And he would start doing basically trapeze style acts
 where he was flipping around and so on.
 And when he got very high,
 he would let the gas go down of the fire
 and he would come back down.
 And as he was coming back down,
 he would drop a human dummy from it,
 which everyone would see suddenly a plummeting human
 and it would land on the ground
 and inside were business cards and flyers for his act.
 - That's amazing. - And so yeah.
 And so he used to go around doing this act
 and eventually P.T. Barnum saw him and employed him.
 And what he used to do in the middle of Manhattan
 would go up in this balloon before shows
 and when he was up there,
 he would just throw Barnum business cards and so on.
 So New York constantly littered with advertising.
 - I think the balloon was called P.T. Barnum as well.
 - Yeah, it was, yeah.
 - Well, I thought these guys are pretty brave actually
 because the wedding was postponed by one day
 because the balloon burst the day before.
 - It's a good way to get your wedding paid for.
 It was the idea of the couple, the first wedding.
 And it was basically a way to get P.T. Barnum
 to fund their whole wedding and pay their dowry
 'cause it was such good publicity.
 And also, 'cause these became really popular,
 if you look through new searches of the late 19th century,
 balloon weddings were the thing.
 And it was such a good way to get guests to your wedding
 if you didn't have mates.
 'Cause thousands of people would come
 and sure they're there for the balloon,
 but the photos just say, "I'm a seriously popular dude."
 And there was one, actually I read about one in 1884.
 This was in Pennsylvania where the couple failed to arrive.
 They freaked out and realized they were too scared to do it.
 And all the promoters were gonna have to refund the crowd
 'cause you'd be a paying customer as well as a guest.
 And they decided they weren't gonna do this.
 So instead, the balloon's owner and his assistant
 like staged a marriage.
 They posed as the couple.
 They got married to each other in this balloon,
 went up in the air, under assumed names,
 but they only found out four years later.
 It was actually legally binding.
 - Did they stay, did they fall in love?
 - I really don't wanna tell you the answer to that
 because I think it'll ruin your night.
 - Okay, don't tell me, don't say anything.
 - Okay, we'll leave it there.
 - There was one in 1888.
 This was a wedding between Margaret Buckley
 and Edward T. Davis.
 40,000 people came to that wedding
 to see them go up on the hot air balloon.
 Unfortunately, the balloon then landed in a swamp,
 but it kept kind of moving along the swamp.
 So they were dragged for two miles,
 clinging to the ropes of the balloon,
 and they finished the rest of the trip by train.
 - So good.
 I have a favorite hot air balloon love story.
 This is an account from someone online.
 My husband proposed to me
 on a private hot air balloon ride.
 That's not the story.
 The pilot told us that one time he had five couples
 on a larger ride,
 and one of the guys decided to propose to his girlfriend
 by having a big sign on the ground
 where they're landing saying, "Will you marry me?"
 - But he didn't put a name on the sign.
 All five couples were dating,
 and all five of the women thought,
 "This is the best proposal I've ever received in my life."
 And four of them were disappointed.
 - Would you, I mean, I think you'd roll with it, wouldn't you?
 - If it's a third date, it's too, you know.
 - You can't roll with it.
 It's got to be someone's.
 You can't say, "Oh yeah, that's mine,"
 and have the other bloke next.
 You go, "No, it's not. It's mine."
 - Anyway, I love it. - There is actually,
 there was a service that offers, it's called D&D Ballooning.
 I think sadly the company's shut down now,
 but it existed last year. - Down to the Dragon's Ballooning?
 - You look too excited about that, but no.
 I think D&D is just the people who run the company.
 It's in California, and it offers mile-high balloon trips,
 and basically what it promises is comfort and discretion
 for a couple.
 It says, "You've got in your basket the privacy
 of an enclosed dome tent with your own private view
 as our discreet pilot ascends to one mile.
 We provide a CD player.
 You provide the music blankets, pillows, and imagination,
 and it lasts an hour."
 - An hour. - An hour.
 - Five minutes in. - Yeah.
 - Seconds like that. - Oh, come on, Bringson.
 - Sorry, we haven't actually taken off yet.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh my God.
 - We're gonna have to wrap up very shortly.
 - Can I tell you about One Balloon Hero?
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - Willie Coppins, heard of him?
 - Willie Owenty, go on.
 - He will, he will, and he did.
 He was a fighter pilot in the First World War,
 Belgian man, very brilliant at shooting down
 observation balloons, right?
 Which were major features of the First World War.
 - Three simply large target, long shot.
 - Look, they were very well defended, all right.
 He was so good at it, they were called balloon busters,
 the pilots who did it.
 He shot down nearly 40 balloons during the war,
 which is really big potatoes, okay?
 The German army was so angry about Willie Coppins,
 they specifically tried to kill him
 with a booby-trapped balloon.
 They put up a balloon with explosives.
 But get this, once, he was being shot at
 from a German balloon in his plane,
 and he cool-ly just flew up and around
 and parked on top of the balloon,
 went till it landed,
 and then just gently slid his plane off and flew away.
 - Listen, if you're gonna give me shit
 about carpets being laid out in Turkey.
 (audience laughing)
 No way, buster.
 - I'm a bit skeptical, I have to say.
 Never thought I'd say this, but I'm with Dan here.
 That's an abrupt break.
 That's an emergency break for a plane to land on a balloon.
 - No, it's a very soft landing, surely?
 - No, it's the softest landing you could possibly have.
 - If you think about it,
 you'd need a vertical takeoff and landing plane, right?
 Like most planes kind of come into a runway, so it's--
 - It might have been a very long balloon that he was like,
 they had those long balloons that he was landing on.
 That's the wrong way.
 - A Zeppelin.
 - A Zeppelin.
 - It was a Zeppelin.
 - Yeah, any further questions?
 Please, no.
 (laughing)
 - Look, I hate to cut this off,
 but we got a train to catch.
 (audience laughing)
 So that's it, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shrieberland, Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM, James.
 - @JamesHarken.
 - And Anna.
 - You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing, or you can go to our website.
 @NoSuchThing is at fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 We've also got a link to all the rest of the tour dates
 of this nerd immunity tour.
 Oxford, thank you so much.
 That was so much fun.
 Thank you for coming out, being with us here tonight.
 Really appreciate it.
 And we will be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then, goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (crowd cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
