 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 You know the nicer thing as a fish.
 No, seriously.
 It's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Harvard Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with Anich Zinski, James Arkin, and a fact-checking
 Judy's Andy Murray.
 And joining us, as well, is a very special guest, is Ash Gardner, the lead singer of Emperor
 Yes, the band whose song we use is our theme tune.
 And they've just got a new album out, it's called An Island Called Earth.
 And throughout the show, during the interstitial moments, instead of our regular stings, we're
 going to be using extracts from songs from that album that you should definitely buy.
 Also, at the end of the show, we're going to play a full track single from the album called
 Monkey King.
 Hello, Ash.
 Hey, what's up, guys?
 I'm Ash.
 Good evening.
 All right, let's begin with fact number one, and we're going to start with you, Ash.
 Cool.
 So, my fact that I have today is that in 1060 BCE, the Egyptian city of Pyramsys was moved
 20 kilometers to the north, including obelisk, finksys, temples, steely.
 Why did they move it?
 Well, their tributary of the Nile that they were on dried up as the Nile is carrying so much
 sediment, it's constantly filling itself up, and they're in the Nile Delta.
 So, yeah, they're a bit of the river move, they're fresh water left them, so they...
 Can I chase it?
 Yep.
 Did they wait?
 I mean, because you know, you don't wake up one night and go, oh my god, there's 20 kilometers
 of silk where there was a river.
 So, they must have waited and just gone to and from the Nile until gradually it was just
 that bit too far, and then one day it's gone just a centimeter too far for me now.
 So, let's go 20 kilometers up that direction?
 Yeah, carrying all this shit.
 There is a river that changes direction in the year, I think it's a tonlay sap, is it,
 in Cambodia, and it goes towards the lake for half the year, and then it changes direction
 and goes away from the lake for the rest of the year.
 And that's because the Mekong River has so much water flowing down it that when it reaches
 the sea, it can't get the water into the sea quick enough.
 It backs up and fills up a lake, I think in the wet season that lake is 10% of the size
 of Cambodia.
 So, the Nile was really important, of course, for the Egyptians, so much so that the new
 year began at the flooding, so whenever the flooding was, that was when the new year was.
 The maps were orientated so that the source of the Nile was at the top, so the north was
 in the south and the south was in the north, as we would imagine.
 Which, of course, upper Egypt is the southern bit of the river.
 That's upper Egypt is the bit that headstores Sudan and Ethiopia.
 And so important was it that it flooded every year that Egyptian pharaohs would ritually
 masturbate into the Nile to ensure an abundance of water.
 Does that ensure it?
 What was the belief behind giving birth to more water?
 Is it just literally to provide more liquid? They think that tiny deposit is going to tip
 it over the edge?
 Well, who knows?
 I think the deposit was in those days.
 But yeah, no, it was, like, because it was a bringer of life, et cetera.
 Wow.
 Did they do that to other stuff?
 Their ill friend?
 Yeah.
 Apparently Cleopatra had the first vibrator and apparently it was a wooden box with a
 bee on the inside of it.
 The bee was got boo, that was the vibrating element. I believe the vibrator was the fourth electronic
 thing to be powered by electricity when electricity was first invented.
 Totally.
 Can't remember what the other three were.
 Weirdly.
 That's the only one I remember.
 Don't have any lights.
 So the guy who moved the town, it was Ramsey's the second, who...
 Ramsey's the second was the one who built it.
 It was the one who built it.
 Who's also the guy whose body we transported to Paris in 1974, didn't we, and he's the only
 dead person who's ever had a passport, I think.
 Oh, really?
 Clearly.
 On his passport, his occupation was listed as King, Brackett's deceased.
 Wow.
 The only other thing I know about the city that was moved is, I think, we thought for ages
 that it was in a location which is now Tannis, didn't we?
 Yeah.
 And then they realised that all the objects that they could date back to Pyramsys were
 actually located in...
 Quanteur.
 Quanteur.
 Quanteur.
 But Tannis is where they set, like, Raiders of the Lost Ark, isn't it?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's where the Ark of the Covenant was supposed to be taken to in Indiana Jones, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Now we're getting into Dan Territory.
 Dan, Dan.
 Dan, Dan.
 Apparently they were saying that Tannis would be up there amongst the most famous of discoveries
 next to Tutankhamun, had it been found in a different period of time, but it was found
 just as World War II broke out, I think.
 Oh, really?
 So, as a result, no one really talks about it, but they found so much there.
 They found everything from their pottery to their, as you say, temples and...
 And huge structures, right?
 How big was the biggest one?
 Really big, 200 tons was the biggest obelisk that they moved.
 Yeah, so how much are we talking here in terms of the stuff that they moved?
 So, multiple sphinxes, all of the temples and buildings they took apart, break-by-break
 and moved those, but the obelisks and stuff were moved whole...
 Sphinxes.
 Yeah, they had more than one sphinx there, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 So, the thing about the sphinxes, is it right that it was under sand for like hundreds
 and hundreds of years and then they just kind of found the top of its head and then they dug
 down and...
 Yeah, that is pretty right.
 That was like around Napoleon and his lot when they turned up, they've got photographs
 from around that time period where just the head of the sphinxes sticking out.
 That's so cool.
 Wow, so have we actually dug to the bottom?
 Is he like on a tricycle, maybe?
 Or is there more time to work?
 Yeah, you can see his feet, but we can't see the bottom of the bottom.
 Yeah, what's...
 Yeah.
 What could he be on?
 Or she?
 They think that the sphinxes, the face of Kufu, which is the person who the great pyramid
 was built for, so maybe the sphinxes are guy.
 Yeah.
 I thought the sphinxes were a woman and that when she's riddling, then she's female.
 I'm pretty sure.
 Yeah, so...
 Is it true that Napoleon actually shot off the nose or not?
 Questionally.
 No, we don't think so.
 Really?
 Yeah, we think this photos of it without a nose before Napoleon came along.
 Right.
 It also had...
 It also had sketches and stuff from before Napoleon.
 Yeah, probably not photos.
 Photos.
 It also had one of those things that come off the shit out of Brated Beard.
 A Brated Beard, which is in the British Museum.
 There aren't cases throughout history of us moving, just great structures, aren't there?
 Yeah.
 Like we moved Tower Bridge.
 That's what it reminded me of, is when we took a part...
 Sorry, London Bridge, that's the myth that it was Tower Bridge.
 We sold London Bridge to the Americans, didn't we, and it was the guy who sold it numbered
 every brick, so it was taken apart a bit by bit and then could be put back together
 exactly the same way.
 Oh, wow.
 This read that the windows of Lincoln Cathedral, the stained glass windows, they took them apart,
 piece by piece, and then labeled them all and then put them back, wants to put them back
 as a jigsaw.
 This was during the war because they didn't want them to get smashed.
 And then someone lost the picture of what it was, so they had to do it painstakingly and
 just work out where everything was, and I emailed them and it's not true.
 Oh, yeah.
 Thanks.
 I know.
 I know.
 The whole topic, but the way that Talking Heads recorded Remain in Light, is that every
 progressive instrument would play constantly throughout every song.
 And then when they came to mix the album, they muted, they automated the mutes for on-off
 for the different progressive sections, so they're like, "Oh, we want a cowbell here."
 That is...
 Hey, there's a cowbell.
 Insane.
 So when they went back to remix it or remaster it about 10 years ago and they listened to it,
 they went...
 Oh, wow.
 It sounds like they played it before they'd written it, like they just got everyone to play
 everything.
 Yeah.
 And then we didn't have time to write anything, guys.
 Yeah.
 So play everything.
 We'll write the song through the music.
 We'll write it later.
 Yeah.
 So Ramsey's had...
 He apparently had over 200 different wives, and with these 200 different wives, he
 had 69 sons and over 60 daughters.
 He's still quite well to get so many kids considering he was masturbating into the bio-adgressing
 of that.
 Maybe it was swimming in the mirror.
 Maybe it was swimming in the mirror.
 One tiny thing which I really like, because speaking of moving buildings, is that Ataturk
 was a big fan of nature.
 And he had his "Yellowver" mansion.
 He was told by the people who built his "Yellowver" mansion that there was a tree in the
 way of it, and they were going to have to cut down this tree with a plain tree.
 And instead of letting them cut it down, he made them move the entire mansion.
 Four meters to the left.
 Wow.
 Yeah, dedication, nature, bit annoying for their construction workers.
 Also, the biggest stone to ever be moved, this is a bit random, but it was moved in Russia,
 and it was moved not that long ago, like 200 years ago.
 Yeah.
 They just decided to tug a massive stone as bigger than any stone, humans have moved
 ever, any of the Egyptian...
 Yeah.
 Why did they do that?
 Just for a smash, right?
 It was a strong man contest.
 Yeah, it was routine, wasn't it?
 Just rubbing it and pushing it.
 No, there was a bigger stone, actually, and this was the Romans, they cut it, but they couldn't
 move it.
 So they cut it out, it was this massive rock, they were going to move it to a city as a big
 temple thing, but it was just so big, they couldn't move it, and it's still there, where
 they cut it.
 You couldn't be going to everything, Romans.
 Okay.
 Idiots.
 Okay, Andy, anything to add?
 Yes, there's... so you're all doing very well.
 Interesting thing about the Sphinx, the Greek Sphinx was a woman, but the Egyptian Sphinx
 was typically shown as a man, which is called an Andro Sphinx.
 On river-changing directions, actually, the Amazon once flowed in the opposite direction.
 It used to flow from the Atlantic Ocean to the Pacific.
 Wow.
 Yeah, until at least 65 million years ago, which is cool.
 Okay, so vibrator stuff, I have found a source which claims that the vibrator was the fifth
 household appliance to be electrified, and the fourth one was the clothes iron, but the
 first mechanical vibrator was actually steam-powered, and was called the manipulator.
 And on the...
 You couldn't silently get away with that one, couldn't you?
 I'm just going to go to my room and get an early night.
 Why are you going down to the cold shed again?
 It was massive.
 It had to be kept in a separate room.
 The vibrator room, they go up in Jane Austen's novels.
 Sort of poked through into the next room, basically, if I can...
 It's pretty...
 The beginnings of the glory hole.
 Wow, yeah.
 Okay, we should move on.
 Let's have a quick burst of a empress-yass song.
 Okay, that was Pyramese Titanis, that little extract you heard just there, from
 my asses album, that was exactly the subject that we were just talking about for his fact.
 Okay, time for fact number two, Chazinski.
 My fact is that in 1864, one of Charles Dickens' friends had a flat-packed Swiss chalet delivered
 to his home as a Christmas present.
 And that wouldn't have fit in the stocking?
 No, didn't.
 So, it was Charles Dickens' actor friend, and he had it delivered to Hyam Station near
 Dickens' house.
 It arrived in 58 boxes and was split into 94 pieces.
 And yeah, Dickens had to go pick it up, load it onto the carriage, multiple trips, I imagine,
 and erect it at home.
 Was it wrapped?
 Was it like every...
 Was it disappointing every time he opened one of his...
 What is this?
 How is this?
 I wonder if it came with instructions.
 Well, because I do came with someone who knew what they were doing, probably in those
 times, instructions was probably a human.
 Oh, if only Macono did that now.
 Every box came with just a human being.
 But you can buy a flat-pack, IKEA house now, right?
 And you assemble it, it has instructions.
 I mean, I think they come and assemble it for you.
 I'm guessing.
 I don't think it's like one LM key and some instructions online are all from Germany, and
 they have guys that come and install them for you.
 Yeah.
 So, I think that's quite a risky present to get to somebody.
 It's if they don't like it.
 How do you return that?
 Yeah.
 Gift vouchers is definitely safer, isn't it?
 Yeah, swish on a gift voucher.
 Get that.
 But unfortunately, he absolutely loved it, and he built it in a road run through Dickens'
 property, and he built it on one side of the road and his home was on the other.
 So then he had to build a tunnel that ran from his house to the swish alley, because he
 didn't like having to cross the road, because, you know, he liked his privacy.
 So he erected this entire tunnel, which still survives, where he used to escape his writing
 shallay.
 Oh.
 So it's more like a shed, really, isn't it?
 It's a story.
 It's going to shed be two stories.
 Yeah.
 No.
 He seemed like a really fun guy, as well.
 He basically had a secret writing room, a secret area in his house that was
 hidden behind a bookshelf, which was a fake bookshelf.
 Oh.
 And so he had fake books on the bookshelf, and he actually, he came up with names.
 Oh, yeah.
 He even designed the books.
 Yeah.
 So some of the titles include Noah's Architecture, Was Shakespeare's Mother Fat, and
 he had a nine volume set titled Cats Lives.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I don't know if it's true, but that's--
 It is true.
 It's still a quest.
 Where is the house and the tunnel?
 It was in Kent.
 The Garden of England.
 There is a village in-- I think it's in Kent, where they have a load of Charles Dickens'
 memorabilia and stuff.
 And he never lived though.
 It was just a place he used to go on holiday sometimes.
 And there was a counselor who was so annoyed that everyone was like calling their shop like
 Charles Dickens' shop or Charles Dickens' pub.
 He had a plaque put on his house saying, "Charles Dickens did not stay here."
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Apparently.
 I think this is the same town that, very recently, there was a school here, which was
 the Charles Dickens primary school, or just Charles Dickens school.
 And they've taken Charles off the name now and put another title on.
 I can't remember what it's called, but the town is furious about it.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 So they've taken Charles off, but they've kept Dickens?
 Yeah.
 So it's the something Dickens school that--
 Maybe Frederick Dickens, his brother.
 He was an alcoholic who used to borrow money on his brother's name just to get alcohol
 and then died.
 You know, he died of alcohol.
 Is that something?
 Yeah.
 And Dickens supported his family for the rest of his life, didn't he?
 Did he?
 He died.
 He's-- it's very funny.
 I was looking into his great grandson, who performs a lot of his books now as live One Man
 plays, or maybe there's a cast, but his name's Gerald Charles Dickens.
 Oh, yeah.
 And what was very funny is, if you look into all the great, great, great grandsons of all
 the Dickens, they've all somehow decided to keep Charles in there.
 Just a really, really home.
 There's a middle name in there of Charles and virtually every single one of them.
 Was Charles Dickens' sons have weird names, like Alfred Tennyson, or--
 But he used to give them really weird names, because he was kind of fun, so he nicknamed
 his kids, so his daughter was called Lucifer Box, because she had a stormy temper.
 He called one of his son's chicken stalker all his life, and one of his sons was called
 Plorn.
 Wasn't there Skittles as well?
 Skittles?
 Yeah, I think there was.
 I didn't know those Skittles around back then.
 There was no way to taste the rainbow.
 The best Dickens story, I think, is when Hans Christian Andersen came to stay with him,
 and he was supposed to stay two weeks, and he stayed five.
 And the Dickens family hated him.
 I found it complete bore.
 And Dickens had, as soon as Chris Hans Christian Andersen left, he left in the guest room,
 a note on the mantle piece that just said, Hans Andersen stayed in this room for five weeks,
 which seemed to the family ages, and that was erected in the guest room.
 Oh, my God.
 Hans Andersen never knew.
 Andersen used to write articles saying how what a great time he'd had with Dickens, now
 close they are, and Dickens just shunned him from then on.
 Some stuff about gifts, seeing as we talked about that before.
 King World War II, obviously there wasn't much stuff around, and so women's weekly magazine
 pointed out that anything is worth giving as a gift.
 And they said, "A box of matches now makes a very welcoming gift, and you can make it more
 important looking by dressing the box up, by sticking a scrap of pretty wallpaper or decorative
 Christmas paper on the front and back of it."
 That's nice, though, isn't it?
 Isn't it good?
 Yeah.
 Well, gifts I've been reading lately about.
 I just estimate that when you give someone a gift, there's, on average, a 10 to 30% financial
 loss that you're making, because obviously if you give someone a gift, if I give you a gift
 James, then you give me a gift.
 And that was something I decided was too expensive to buy with my own money.
 This isn't going to cut it at Christmas when you go to your family, and they say, "Where's
 our gift?"
 And you go, "Economist estimates."
 That's what I'm doing.
 They're taking into account the emotional effect of the gift, but certainly from a value
 perspective.
 But gifts aren't worth it, guys.
 In Japan, they have an amazing gift-giving culture, where if somebody gives you a gift, you
 need to give them back a gift of half of the value of the original gift, and then the
 original gift-giver gives a card, and that finishes the gift cycle.
 Oh, so you kind of have to have a £5 book token on you at all times in case someone gives
 you a £10 one.
 This is why all the candies and all of the stuff in Japan, it all comes individually wrapped,
 so you can buy a big box and give one to everybody in your office and stuff.
 And then you have to give you half of that.
 And then you've got to get them all cards.
 Oh, that's terrible.
 Absolutely, hell.
 Also, you have to ask the really rude question when someone gives you a gift of, so how
 much was this?
 I reckon they deduce that.
 That's all within the soul.
 Yeah, you have to guess.
 Majesty.
 What do you get when someone gives you a flat pack with Shelley?
 Yeah.
 Do you remember when Barack Obama came to visit Gordon Brown, and Gordon Brown gave Barack
 Obama a pen holder carve from the timbers of the sister ship from which the White House
 desk is made.
 Oh.
 And the first edition of a seven-volume biography of Winston Churchill, and Barack Obama
 gave Gordon Brown a 25 DVD box set that didn't work on British DVD.
 Oh, what was it of?
 It was just of the 25 top films of all time, and I think if I list, he'd just gone through
 the top 25.
 Like a mixtape.
 Yeah.
 When Donald Rumswell went to Iraq, he gave Saddam Hussein some medieval spiked hammers, and Saddam
 Hussein gave him back a video documenting Syrian atrocities.
 Oh, wow.
 It was people starving puppies, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 There's an amazing thing online, so if an American president is given a gift, if the gift
 is under $350 American, the president gets to keep the gift.
 If it's over that, it belongs to the people.
 And recently they did a list of all the countries that were given in presence, and the worst
 one they decided was from Poland, who gave Obama when he visited in 2012.
 They gave him a computer game called Witcher 2, a DVD called Best of Witcher 2, a Witcher
 2 gift box set, three golden Witcher 2 coins, a Witcher 2 book.
 Witcher 2 stickers and an ivory colored Witcher 2 bust of one of the characters.
 Wow.
 That was his present.
 Andy, anything to add before we move on?
 Gordon Brown's presence to Barack Obama cost 10,000 pounds, and the DVDs in return were
 just, yes, the 25 best films of all time, as judged by one online firm.
 The following time that Gordon Brown had to give Barack Obama gifts, he gave him two books,
 a Carnegie anthology about the Scottish American industrialist Andrew Carnegie, and Scottish
 estate tweeds.
 So he kind of learned his lesson about giving the president a really good presence.
 Okay, we should move on, guys.
 Here's another empress song.
 Okay, that song was called Cosmos, and it's now time for fact number three.
 James, my fight is that neuroscientists could tell if you are a musician simply by looking
 at your brain.
 Wow.
 So this comes from a book called Musical Failure by Oliver Sachs, it's a great book called
 about music and the brain, and he's basically saying that, yeah, the brain just develops
 differently from people who spend their whole life playing music.
 I think it was Oliver Sachs that said that he reckons everybody has perfect pitch as
 a baby, but you learn to disregard it.
 And it's only the practice of music, which keeps that up, so he argues for the fact that you
 cannot learn perfect pitch as an adult.
 Also, as a baby, when you're two, you have more brain cells than you'll ever have again,
 don't you?
 Yeah, they say that.
 So take advantage of it.
 And you can remove a large portion of the baby's brain, yeah, half and it can still function
 as a full brain.
 Of anyone's brain, I think.
 What?
 Well, not an adult.
 No, no, you can move half of anyone's brain and it still works as a brain.
 Oh, that's not it.
 I think you want to do it quite carefully.
 Like a clean knife, yeah.
 And so music and the brain, there's been lots of studies about that and there's been a study
 quite recently that looking at brain waves of musicians and they found that when two musicians
 play a duet, their brain waves synchronize, which is quite cool.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And there's another one that they looked at jazz musicians as they're improvising and
 found out that they turned off areas linked to self-sensoring and inhibition as they do
 that.
 And then there was another study by Harriet Walt University that looked at the kind of music
 people liked and then gave them personality tests and found out what kind of personalities
 they had.
 And they found that blues fans had high self-esteem, their creative, outgoing, gentle, and the tees.
 Jazz fans have high self-esteem, a creative, outgoing, at ease, classical, and the tees.
 Classical music fans have high self-esteem.
 Their creative, abnormities.
 And rock and indie fans have low self-esteem, are not hardworking, not gentle, and not outgoing.
 Excellent.
 That's ash.
 You're fine.
 What's up?
 Sorry, I was just having a nap.
 Couldn't keep up with all this.
 You can't tell amazing things from looking at people's brains, can't you?
 So it's a really reliable way to predict someone's political affiliations.
 If you look at someone's brain function, you've got an 82, not you personally, if you're a brain
 surgeon, you've got an 82% chance of predicting someone's political affiliation, like how they
 would actually vote.
 That's extraordinary.
 So would that be a public and all-democrat?
 If they've had half the brain removed, they're a UKIP supporter.
 Yep.
 Wow.
 Politics.
 Oh, my goodness.
 It's a huge effort.
 It's a huge effort.
 Oh, my God.
 Another quite cool thing you can tell is you can predict if your relationship's going
 to last.
 What?
 Yep.
 So they looked at couples at the start of a relationship when they said they were
 falling in love, and the couples where their brain function showed that they were suppressing
 the area of the brain that usually is judgmental and the area of the brain that's selfish.
 If they're more suppressed than the relationship lasts.
 So surely, let's all, like, there needs to be an app for this, right?
 A brain scanning app, yeah, as soon as you meet someone.
 Man.
 That's weird, isn't it?
 It's too, it would be too scary for people to do.
 Here's another thing that explains how little we know about the brain.
 There was a case of a guy called Mr. B. We don't know what his real name was.
 He had bad OCD, depression and anxiety.
 So he had shock therapy that gave him electric shocks and to theory was that they would change
 his brain wave, so whatever.
 So the treatment worked actually quite well.
 His OCD went, his depression went, his anxiety went, but it had a strange side effect.
 It turned him into the world's biggest Johnny Cash fan.
 Before the surgery, Mr. B was a casual music listener who liked Dutch music, the Beatles
 and the Rolling Stones, but after the treatment, he bought every Johnny Cash CD and DVD he
 could get his hands on and he wouldn't listen to anything else.
 That's amazing.
 Okay, Andy, you got anything to add?
 This is interesting.
 On a perfect pitch.
 It's also more common among blind people, for whom if you have a perfect pitch, it's more
 handy to work out whether a car is moving on which direction or footsteps, it sort of
 gives me more of an idea of your surroundings.
 And also for people who speak other languages, because a third of the world's language is
 a tonal, and to understand, yeah, tie Vietnamese and lots of Chinese languages that you need
 pitch to work out what someone's actually saying to you.
 So, it's interesting that a pitch is not as powerful in our brains as rhythm and that you
 can lose through head traumas and disease and stuff.
 You can lose your ability to differentiate pitch, but it's really, really difficult to
 lose your idea of rhythm and your sense of rhythm.
 That's weird.
 Yeah, so it goes back way further, yeah.
 Okay, we need to wrap this one up.
 Here's another preview from the MPS album.
 That song was called Cosmic Cat, and now it's time for the final fact of the show, and that's
 my fact, and my fact this week is during World War II, Jack Warner, who was the head of Warner
 Brother Studio and the founder.
 He realized that from the air, his Hollywood studios were indistinguishable from a nearby
 aircraft factory, and as they were worried of bombing happening at the time, he had a giant
 arrow painted on the rooftop with the words Lockheed that away.
 Taking that a bit further, what everyone in America should have done was painted on their
 roof white house this way, so no one got bummed apart from the white house.
 That's true.
 Wait, why do you want to bum the white house?
 If you're Jack Warner, you don't want people to bum your studio, so you've painted arrow
 on it.
 So, surely everyone should paint an arrow on their houses.
 I'm asking them to bum the president.
 Or just away from my house, please.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I saw an interview with the next head of the US military a couple of years ago.
 I think it was on Vice Magazine, and the interviewer posed the question whether if the whole world
 got together in attack to America, whether they could land a single troop on American soil,
 and he reckoned no.
 Really?
 They'd stop us before we even got to the--
 Americans if the whole world got together, not one troop would get landed on American soil.
 That's really funny.
 Yeah, but surely Canada's on our side.
 And Mexico was really close.
 Yeah, exactly.
 He was like South America and America, and that's-- he was like accounting for them.
 Well, I think we should try it.
 I'm free tomorrow.
 Okay, let's do it.
 Can I just say to the NSA if they're listening?
 I don't think that's a very good idea at all.
 And when I say if they're listening, I just with the thing of Jack Warner painting a massive
 arrow on the roof, the thing that I liked about it, though, was the idea that if there was
 a Japanese bomber flying over, they would look down to it and they'd be like, oh, directions.
 And I've always wondered about directions.
 Like how do you-- back then, how did you get flight directions if you didn't have a map
 for the area or whatever?
 There are big concrete arrows in America.
 That's what-- yeah, that's an extraordinary thing that I had no idea about.
 Yeah, the post in America, the way that they used to direct the postman, was to have these
 huge concrete arrows slabs on the ground, and they would just bring you from the east coast
 to the west coast and back again.
 And so--
 Like in a plane.
 Yeah, in a plane you'd look down at it and see an arrow going that way.
 All right, things about roofs.
 Oh, yeah.
 As soon as that was the point at the start, that apparently there are churches in the UK that
 have a thing called the voice of God, which is a microphone on top of their roof, that
 when you're trying to steal metal, steal lead from the roof, then it'll say, stop doing that
 to a terrible person, you're going to hell, kind of thing.
 And there seems to be a lot of news articles about people painting penises on the top of roofs.
 I've seen at least two or three of those.
 Yeah.
 There was one in Hungerford in 2009.
 A guy called Rory painted a large phallic symbol on his parents' roof.
 And his mother, Claire, 49, said, "We don't want any more children.
 Well, the idea of sleeping under a giant phallic symbol is rather worrying."
 She's kind of missing the point.
 I think the journalist must have pointed out to them that it was a phallic symbol, because
 she said that.
 And then the husband said, "We don't want to lie in bed at night and hear couples at it
 above us," which is a really confusing quote, but I think he's implying that roundy couples
 are going to come and go to their room.
 Oh, like they do in the sernab, but it's one.
 Exactly, exactly.
 But I did like that story because they only found out that he'd done it when he was
 away on his gap year.
 So they wrung him up, and he was in Brazil at that time.
 So he just said, "Oh, you found it then."
 Jack Warner, just very quickly about his character, because I didn't know much about him.
 It's one of the biggest movie studio names.
 We all know Warner Brothers.
 Originally, they were called One Scolaser.
 That was their surname.
 So it could have been One Scolaser Brothers, but they changed it to Warner.
 They initially started as three brothers who were just getting into the movie business.
 They started the business as a result of their dad selling his gold watch and then selling
 their horse called Bob.
 And Jack Warner was a really interesting character, very hated.
 He outdid all of his brothers.
 He got them to sell their shares, saying that all of them were going to share it, and then
 he bought them all back the next day on his own, and they never spoke to each other again.
 Even to the point when they fell out that when his brother died, Harry died, they asked
 the press were like, "Hey, any response," and he said, "I don't give a shit about Harry."
 I mean, that's intense.
 He said, "If you look at quotes of his online, all the quotes are just like one that was to
 an actress where he said, 'You were very good playing a bitch, heroin, but you shouldn't
 win an award for playing yourself.'"
 That's harsh.
 And he also apparently met Albert Einstein, and when he met Albert Einstein, he said to
 him, "I too have a theory of relativity.
 Don't hire them."
 But yeah, him and his older brother, Harry, had a terrible relationship, and there was one
 account of them, Harry running through the studio chasing Jack, wielding a lead piping,
 screaming, "I'm going to kill you," which is just so seems like it was the inspiration
 for a lot of cartoons that followed it.
 Yeah.
 Did a lot of people get killed by lead piping in the old days?
 Maybe they just played Cludeau.
 That's why Cludeau was a really insensitive game when it first came out.
 All I know about one of brothers is they used to make cartoons.
 Yeah, it's weird that they made all those big films, and now we associate one of brothers
 so much with cartoons, but they made quite a lot of politically incorrect, I'm going to
 say cartoons.
 There is a group of films called The Sensored Eleven, which are the 11 Warner Bros. films
 which had to be suppressed from 1950's onwards.
 Did you know when Jack Warner was young and his parents ran this movie theatre, he used
 to be a tracer, which is somebody who would come on in between the movies and sing to clear
 out the audience?
 Oh, together, second audience ink.
 Maybe that's what all his bitterness comes from, is the fact that he was employed to be a
 sh*t thing.
 He was, yeah, he was a Vloderville performer when he was younger and totally failed at it and
 was really well-known at just being a bad comic and always having really bad jokes, but
 being quite keen and trying to make people laugh or just failing.
 Just on Warner Bros.
 Yeah.
 Do you know the, was Flintstone's Warner Bros. production?
 I started looking at all the other shows.
 Hallabarara.
 Hallabarara wasn't it?
 Oh yeah.
 Oh, on Hannabarara actually.
 Tom and Jerry the other day, the last Tom and Jerry cartoon that, um, Hannabarara directed,
 they commit joint suicide at the end of it.
 So what?
 They both get dumped by their respective girlfriends and so I think Tom gets, which one is the cat?
 Tom's the cat?
 Tom, yeah.
 So he gets dumped first so he's singing "Rude Pressed" and then Jerry gets dumped and they
 sit on a railway line and it ends with them sitting waiting for the train to come and mow
 them down.
 That's so dark.
 Yeah, it's really weird.
 They committed suicide.
 Yeah, they did.
 Together, but it's quite sweet because they did it together, they finally...
 So the side packs are never sweet.
 Um, so the Flintstones used to be sponsored by Winston cigarettes and so it used to have
 adverse Winston cigarettes at the beginning in the end of it and there was a public outcry
 about this because one of the most famous was when Fred and Barney, a sneak round the
 back of the house, when the women are doing the house work and they sit down and have
 a cigarette and they talk about how great it is that they're smoking these great cigarettes
 while their wives are doing all the hard work and Fred Flintstone said, "Winston tastes
 good like cigarettes should" and there was public outcry because that's a misuse of the
 word "like" and it should be as cigarettes should.
 [laughter]
 You're pretty angry about that.
 Wonderful.
 Okay, Andy, anything to add?
 On American military might, America spends more on its military than the next 15 countries
 combined and the total amount of land area occupied by US bases and facilities is bigger than
 Washington, D.C., Massachusetts and New Jersey combined.
 And on Roof Pinesia, I've just found two headlines from the Metro that I want to leave you
 with.
 Man, surprised by massive roof penis and school surprised by 20 foot penis, so there you
 go.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thanks everyone for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've spoken about in
 this week's podcast, you can get us all on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, James @X8, Andy @AndruhunterM, and Ash @ House of Strange, and also Ash
 can be got on @Emperor_Yes.
 So you get next week with another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" our Halloween
 special.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
