 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Um, which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 You did not such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 He says it, right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI Offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Shriver, I'm sitting here with three of the regular elves
 and it's Andy Murray, Anna Chazinski, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we've gathered around with our favorite four facts
 from the last week, and here they are, in no particular order.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Andy Murray, my fact is that over 100 people used to watch King Louis XIV
 get up and get dressed every day.
 Did he know they were there?
 Yes, he did.
 So was it like a window?
 No, people would come into his bedroom and watch him--
 Hundreds.
 It's a ceremony called the Leve as in the French for getting up.
 And it was kind of to ease the king into the day.
 That would be quite good if you got up in the morning and brush your teeth
 and you got a big round for applause.
 That would really help your day stop.
 Yeah, and people came to see him while he was having his breakfast.
 So a few people would come in when he was still in bed at eight o'clock.
 And he would be woken up.
 And his nurse would kiss him, his childhood nurse,
 and his chamber potter would be removed.
 And then the ceremony started, which took an hour and a half.
 And he would have his hands washed in wine.
 He picked a wig. He was given his slippers and dressing again.
 His hand washed in wine.
 Yeah, he washed his hands in wine.
 Why would you do that?
 No idea.
 Stinky hands the whole day.
 Spartans used to wash newborn babies in wine.
 It was one of the first things that happened to them
 as they got a bucket of wine or washed in them.
 Wow.
 So sometimes he would just go to the corner and have a wee
 in the chamber pot with no embarrassment or inhibition.
 Well, he would have done all this broadcast,
 haven't we?
 How he liked to defecate in public.
 Was that him?
 Yes, that was him.
 I think like to is an exaggeration.
 No, he liked to.
 Architects at Versailles suggested that toilet cubicles
 are becoming, you know--
 No, no.
 Alamoids.
 No, I liked to put him public.
 The really amazing thing is where they dress him.
 So two officials took the sleeves of his night shirt
 and started to pull it off him.
 While another courtier brought a fresh and pre-warmed shirt
 to the king.
 And then two other people-- this is four and five--
 had to hold up the king's dressing gown as a curtain.
 So people didn't get a glimpse of--
 So a quick question.
 Back then, how do you pre-warmed something?
 Do you hold it over an oven?
 Do you--
 I don't even like a fire.
 Or maybe you can warm up ions, can't you?
 And then you can press the iron out.
 I might be worn by someone for a little while.
 Yeah, that's what I was thinking of.
 Because if it was a fire, then you're going to get the wood smell.
 This guy must have been a smelly, a smelly man.
 What that sounds like is he wakes up
 and he gets dressed as a walk of shame.
 Smelling of booze and fire.
 I read something about microbiomes.
 This is off topic.
 But what it is is if you go into your house,
 you leave microbes everywhere.
 And they're specific to you.
 So my house will have a certain microbiome,
 and then you'll have one that's completely different.
 But the interesting thing is, if we went to stay in a hotel,
 you would only have to be in that hotel for 24 hours
 before the microbiome of that hotel room
 is indistinguishable from your house.
 Wow.
 That's how much they all go from one place to another.
 If any like dogs we could use them to mark our territory,
 then we'd claim ownership of who we are.
 Then we might have a bit more of this planet
 than we already do.
 What are you saying?
 I'm getting sick of the swans taking bits of my land.
 By right.
 Going back to Louis, I really like the fact
 that so it's part of the Levese ceremony.
 And is it the Couché ceremony when he goes to bed?
 Yeah.
 That does that not mean--
 Yeah, but Couché just means go to bed.
 That was a Couché ceremony.
 Yeah, that he obviously had his private chamber
 where he actually slept, and then he had his bed chamber
 where all of the people used to do all this stuff.
 So he would be woken up in his private chamber at, let's say, 7.30 AM.
 And then escorted to the public chamber,
 which also has a bed in it.
 And have to sit in bed and sort of fake
 that he was being woken up out of bed.
 And then to go back to bed, he had to have this whole Couché ceremony
 around him.
 They'd take his clothes off, but his night gone on.
 He climbs into bed.
 They kiss him good night.
 They tell him a little rhyme, like, does a fake snore.
 And then he has to get out of the display bed
 and walk down the corridor to his private bed chamber
 to actually go to sleep.
 And Louis the 15th really didn't like these ceremonies.
 And so he would get up in the morning
 and go hunting for a couple of hours first,
 and then sneak back in and pretend to get as it's late.
 That's amazing.
 It sounds like a real hassle.
 What does he just want to get downstairs?
 Yeah, it sounds like a complete pain.
 Did anyone else get it?
 Was it just specifically him?
 No, his descendants did.
 It lasted for centuries.
 Oh, sorry.
 No, what I mean is, oh, anyone outside of the king.
 What I read is that some of his courtiers
 who came to that ceremony had their own levy ceremonies
 in their own house earlier in the day.
 Oh, my God.
 I'm the dresser of the dresser of the dresser of the dresser
 of the dresser of the king.
 And it caught on, so it became fashionable
 with Charles II in England, I think.
 So the French really went for it.
 And then we picked up on it.
 And you used to be able to watch King's eating as well.
 You used to have public galleries.
 You could walk through.
 I can't remember what she saw in it is,
 but someone calculated that Louis the 14th
 would have eaten between getting up and going
 to bed 30 different dishes in the course of the day.
 Just constantly being fed.
 His life sounds like it sounds like Salvador Dali
 has designed his mind.
 It's a realist nightmare.
 Do you know about the Washer Woman's Rebellion
 in the time of Louis the 14th?
 This was the introduction of chocolate in the cart of Louis.
 And it was a new thing, people were drinking chocolate.
 When the Washer ladies first saw the brown stains
 on the fine white, the mask table napkins,
 they refused to touch them.
 I mean, going on what Anna said about Louis the 14th
 behavior in the corridors of Versailles.
 That's true.
 Probably what?
 A reasonable assumption, yeah.
 And the other interesting thing about Louis
 the 14th, I always like, is this guy called Ustash Desier.
 So this is a prisoner of Louis.
 He was transferred from prison to prison,
 all over France for 34 years.
 He had to wear a mask the whole time,
 a black velvet mask.
 He was told that if he said anything
 other than food or water, he was to be killed on the spot.
 And no one knows who he was or anything like that.
 And there's loads of conspiracy theories
 in French history about whether he was Louis twin brother
 or he was the son of the king of England or whatever.
 Hence the man in the Iron Marks,
 the brilliant Leonardo DiCaprio.
 He's that who he is?
 He's the man in the Iron Rask.
 Well, that's the idea of that Dumas had to came from that.
 He popularized champagne, didn't he?
 Louis the him and Dom Perignon got together,
 decided they loved wine from the champagne region,
 even though it wasn't ever fizzy in his lifetime.
 That's a real guy, Dom Perignon.
 He was a monk, yeah.
 Dom Perignon of that.
 That's like not shows being invented by Mr. Nacho.
 Not by a guy called Ignacio.
 Oh, it was not a professional guy, that's good.
 King Louis the 14th probably only liked champagne
 because he thought it got the germs off his hands better.
 Yeah.
 Well, this is great wine, Dom Perignon.
 I love it.
 He took it as a cure for his gout, which obviously will work.
 No.
 But don't the bane of Dom Perignon's life
 was the fact he couldn't get these bloody bubbles
 out of champagne well enough.
 So they would try to make it as flat as possible.
 And it was only after Louis died
 that people decided to start drinking it sparkling.
 I have a cool fact about champagne, which is that
 in the days before, tough and glass bottles
 used to explode at the slightest provocation.
 And you had to wear an iron mask to go into the wine
 seller.
 And champagne makers would lose sometimes
 up to a third of their bottles.
 Because obviously, it can be a chain reaction
 if one goes, then all the others around it might go as well.
 So yeah, you see these incredible outfits
 that they had to put on big heavy gloves.
 I was, oh no, someone's ordered champagne again.
 Yeah, put the radiation suit on.
 Louis the 14th ruled for so long
 that his successor was his great grandson.
 He outlived his oldest son and his oldest grandson
 for over 72 years.
 I like Louis.
 What else has he done?
 He wasn't a nice guy, particularly.
 And he was extraordinarily lavish.
 I mean, he robbed his own people and all defunded
 his spending habits.
 And in fact, that's where we get another piece
 of etymology, the word silhouette.
 So that comes from Louis the 14th reign
 because Etienne de Silhouette was the finance minister.
 And so he was the guy who organized attacks the people a lot,
 and especially the rich, so that Louis could
 have expensive habits.
 And you're wondering how the hell we got to the work from here.
 That meant that rich people who used to get their portraits
 painted couldn't afford to do that anymore.
 And their replacement for that was just having
 silhouettes of themselves drawn.
 And it was called silhouettes because it was like,
 it became a by word for on the cheap
 because we can't afford this anymore.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And so he, as well as there being a man called Dom Perillon,
 there's a man called Silhouette.
 Etienne de Silhouette and Dom Perillon,
 are hanging out with Louis together.
 There's another book that needs to be written.
 Like Burns, Side Burns, and named
 for a guy called Burns.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He was the first head of the NRA Bernside, wasn't he?
 Don't forget Hank Crispy-cream.
 I thought it was Crispy Cream.
 I would have loved that.
 Anyway, yeah.
 Sorry to derail it with that.
 There's a man called Silhouette.
 Yeah, I like that.
 That's great.
 And the only image we have of him is a silhouette.
 Is that right?
 No.
 And we can see that.
 So like you heard me say his name.
 Stop listening.
 I'm pretty sure.
 That is exactly what I did.
 OK, time for fact number two, and that is James.
 OK, my fact is that there is an original Picasso
 that no one will ever see because it was eaten by the dog.
 By the dog.
 Was this it?
 In the dog.
 That was Picasso's jazz friend, the dog.
 There was a dog called Lump, who was named after the German word for rascal.
 The dog lived with Picasso for six years.
 And one day he drew a picture of a rabbit, which if it was still around now,
 it'll be worth tens of thousands of pounds.
 But the dog carried it into the garden and ate it.
 Because he thought it was an actual rabbit.
 Because we've all seen Picasso's paintings.
 And they're not as realistic as that would imply.
 That's true.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 Didn't Picasso.
 Maybe he was a bit of a dodgy character.
 He was lying about the whole dog thing.
 He was a bit dodgy.
 He was purported to have stolen the moon at one point.
 Wasn't he?
 Wasn't he the prime suspect?
 He was definitely interrogated about it.
 And now I think he's the artist with the most works of art stolen of any artist.
 I think there was something like 1,100 works of Picasso, original Picasso's around the world.
 So if you spot one...
 All stolen by dogs.
 Oh, yeah.
 He did burn a lot of his work when he was younger, because he was too cold.
 And too poor for proper heating.
 And he had all these sheets of paper with drawings on and he just burnt them.
 Oh.
 Do you remember hearing that thing about Picasso?
 That he had two mistresses and they came to his house and they said,
 "Oh, you have to choose between us."
 And he said, "No, you'd need to fight it out."
 And then he just sat there and let them fight.
 Brilliant.
 The only man who could get away with that.
 Wow.
 And you can hang your clothes up over there.
 Corner of the room.
 Sotheby's once won a $20 million contract to sell a collection of Picasso's and Van Gogh
 off they won a game of scissors paper rock.
 Hold on, sorry.
 Sotheby's won the game of scissors.
 I don't understand how...
 I'll say it again.
 They both got the contract at the same time.
 They didn't know who was going to get it and so they just did a game of rock paper scissors.
 All of them.
 All the staff lining up opposite each other.
 Mr Sotheby against Mr Christy.
 Mr Christy.
 Mr Sotheby won.
 Steinbeck's dog et his first draft of Mice and Men.
 Really?
 Yeah, that's happened.
 Oh, wow.
 Do you know where the rumour of the dog eating one's homework first came from?
 No.
 Apparently it's from I think it was 1901 and it was in a Welsh village and there was a stand in Vicar.
 And he was reading out his sermons at the end and then he felt like his sermons had been too short
 and he hadn't prepared enough so he went back into the vestry to talk to one of the clerics afterwards
 and apologized and said he dropped some of it on the way in the dog eight half of his sermon.
 If you are interested in dogs, the Wikipedia list of individual dogs is unbelievably good.
 It is divided into actors, athletes, faithful dogs, working dogs, other heroic dogs.
 Dogs of unusual size, which is divided.
 I kept you not into small dogs, heavy dogs and tall dogs.
 Also, space dogs is one of them.
 Okay, yeah, like her and so on.
 Intelligent dogs, notorious dogs, ugly dogs, unique dogs.
 What's a unique dog?
 Every dog is unique, Dan.
 Famed by proxy to a famous list.
 Yeah, unique dogs.
 Did you see that in the news this week about the Russian biggest lender in Russia?
 If you get a mortgage with them, you get a free cat.
 Are they lend it to you so that you can be photographed with it in your new home?
 Well, there's supposed to be a thing about good luck in Russia.
 Yeah, if it's quite true, but the first going to house should be a cat.
 Did you know that builders used to wall up cats inside buildings that they were working on?
 No, I didn't know that.
 They've been found when you do renovations.
 You often find a mummified cat in the walls of a property.
 Why?
 They also put shoes in, didn't they, in the walls?
 Yeah.
 They who collect all the times when they've been mentioned and has a big long list online of all the secret shoes that are in.
 Is that just for fun?
 Is that some sort of in-builders?
 Good luck, the superstition.
 The first cat mentioned in an English witch trial wasn't black, it was white and spotty.
 Was it?
 Was that bad at the time?
 Did they show it wasn't a Dalmatian?
 Well, the reason they...
 How good were they at identifying?
 Well, the reason they knew it was a witch's cat is because it would talk to her and it was called Satan.
 I said, "Two obvious clues."
 Apparently white cats with blue eyes are deaf.
 Yeah, most of them are, I think.
 And also almost all tartar shells are female.
 What?
 Yeah.
 It's amazing.
 Just back to the paintings very quickly.
 There's also a painting that we do have but we're never going to see the proper original of.
 It's the three Bronte sisters sitting in this painting and it was painted by Bramwell, their brother.
 And it's the only drawing that we have of the Bronte sisters.
 The interesting thing about it is that Bramwell used to be in it.
 He painted himself into the drawing but he lost confidence in himself.
 So he painted over himself by putting a pillar, just this huge pillar, randomly in the painting.
 And it was only when they looked closer at it that you could see, you know...
 He's peeking out behind it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, crying bad behind the pillar.
 That's a bit like, I think it's Bruegel's painting massacre of the Innocence. It was commissioned by a king but he wanted to make a political point about how inhumane this massacre had been.
 So the painting looked like a beautiful snow scene and there's just piles of snow everywhere and snow just falling down everywhere and children playing.
 And then if you look, they've done x-rays of the paint and if you look behind all the snow, there's countless dead bodies everywhere.
 Oh, wow.
 There was the painting that they just found recently.
 They did a restoration on this painting, which was of a beach scene and there was a crowd of people, static-radded area, they didn't know why.
 And then when they restored it, it revealed a beached whale, like a ginormous whale.
 Just laying there, which has obviously come onto the shore.
 What, and someone had painted over that?
 It was seen as being a bit unfashionable and a bit weird to have a big whale in the paintings.
 On whales, there was a new story recently and apparently this happens quite a lot.
 When you get a big beached whale, it can fill up with gas and it gets like really, really inflated and really tense.
 And then if you slightly prick it, I mean, you've got to kind of prick the whale in order to dispose it.
 It completely explodes and so there's footage of whales that explode their innards all over some videos on YouTube.
 Some really good, really entertaining videos, yeah.
 I have the best thing about beached whales.
 Well, I've been reading this, but whales' bones are the British Isles by a guy who has spent 30 years traveling around finding whales draw bones in arches and things like that.
 As gate posts and as umbrella stands and all of these things.
 In 1897, a whale was stranded near Bournemouth and it began to make this terrible smell.
 And according to the newspapers, one summer set found labourer climbed up on top of the body and declared,
 "I've gone 40 miles to see this ear whale and I'm going to walk from his head to his tail."
 He started on his walk, but the carcass said, "For some days, it's been undergoing a softening process."
 And the surface giving way, like rotten ice, the adventurous labourer sank into the blubber and was subsequently extricated from his unpleasant surroundings, a sadder, if not a wiser man.
 Okay, time for back number three. That's my fact. My fact this week during World War II, the US Navy diving manual contained detailed instructions for what to do if eaten by a giant clam.
 Was this really good? Yeah, dive with dignity.
 You're supposed to have very heavy duty scissors and cut its muscles from inside the mouth.
 I like because it was you who originally found this fact and when I said it to you yesterday, I was like, "Oh, where did you get this back from?"
 You were, "Oh, was a book. What was it called again?" It took you a few seconds, a few beats and you were, "Oh yeah, it's called "Eaten by a giant clam."
 Did anyone open the book?
 No, it's really interesting.
 But actually, the way to get away from a giant clam is just to pull your hand out because they don't close fully, do they?
 Yeah, so you can't be eaten by a giant clam.
 There is a crustacean they've found recently. I can't remember what it's called, which its teeth are the hardest known substance that nature produces.
 It's got these black-jotting out teeth. I'll see your teeth, I'll raise you Ray Winston.
 We should say, we are a far bigger threat to giant clams than now to us. We've ever fished them horribly and so now they're critically endangered in lots of places.
 It's amazing how long they take to grow as well. It takes them 11 months to get to just a couple of inches across and then to get one up to the weight of five pounds, it takes seven years.
 So really big ones that you see on the ocean floor could be 50 years old or 70 or 80.
 I've seen it all.
 They've seen it all. Well, they've seen a very, very tiny bit of it all.
 The largest giant clams in history can be found under London. Wow.
 Really? Yeah, they're fossils. And now they're still alive.
 I know Ceramus, they're called and they can be found in the Cretaceous Galt's Clay underneath London and they were as big as two meters in size.
 Wow. So the height of a door.
 I think the largest one ever found was in Japan and it weighed 730 pounds, which is about as much as four adult men.
 Which is, it's big enough that you can understand why people slightly thought it was threatening, but it's quite fun to Google.
 If you do a Google book search for giant clams and then you refine it to the 19th century, that is quite entertaining because there are a lot of books of popular science, which one of the dangers of being eaten by a giant clam.
 Journal of popular science from 1896, which talks about how if you're diving a slack line or pipe may fall into the jaws of a giant clam, which close over it and hold the diver prisoner to his death alone in the dim ocean depths.
 The biggest pearl ever found was inside a giant clam, the pearl of Lao Tsu, and it was found by William Cobb.
 And he claimed that when they found that it was a guy was killed by a giant clam when they were trying to find the, oh yeah, I read that account.
 Yeah, apparently what happened was this guy, he was a direct diver and he went down, grabbed the hold of the pearl, it closed.
 And then he wouldn't let go of the pearl and he stayed there and drowned.
 He knew about the oldest clam ever, unsurprisingly we and you know, because we killed it, because that's what we do.
 My group of researchers in Iceland, they fished a load of clams up and it turns out that it was 507 years old when they took him up.
 He was born in 1499.
 Isn't that amazing?
 What would have been happening in 1499?
 Well, they called it Ming, because that was Ming dynasty China.
 Yeah, Henry VII had been king for a little while, the Battle of Bosworth was a recent memory 1885.
 I mean, you probably didn't have the recent memory of the Battle of Bosworth, but we've got no evidence he actually fought there.
 That's the thing, true.
 It'd be the one sort of like longevity diary that you've got hold of, it'd just be boring and so dull.
 Oh mate, you went through a lot and we've just got filtered, filtered some more water and 396.
 Drew another ring. Yes, 397.
 Oh, sorry, a female's is wrong, obviously, because they're hemaphrodites, aren't they?
 So they are male and female, but they can't fertilize themselves.
 So they just spurt out their eggs and sperm into the water and they let them find each other.
 But they can eject in one egg ejection, 500 million eggs, which is quite impressive.
 Whoa, so there's a lot of...
 Well, also, 98% of them do start as men as well and then they just transfer into whatever sex they want to.
 A bit later. Leachers do that as well.
 Speaking of sea life, actually, I would urge people to look up blue lobsters.
 So I didn't realise that one in two million lobsters is born bright blue.
 And so this is really exciting for lobster catches when they come across them.
 And they are like properly bright blue and then one in 30 million is bright yellow.
 Which I think is...
 What is that?
 Or what gives us a genetic... Just a random mutation.
 Okay, right.
 If you search on the Wikipedia for unique lobsters, you'll find them.
 Again, massive list for...
 Tall lobsters. Heavy lobsters. Space lobsters.
 The...
 Space lobsters.
 That's a movie I want to know.
 Yeah.
 The smallest species of giant clam is called the boring clam.
 That's great.
 Because it boars into the coral.
 Oh, this is also cool.
 They found the fossil of not a shellfish from a long time ago.
 But a shark from a long time ago, which they think ate shellfish.
 Because it had these massive tooth plates, which it probably used to crush.
 Things like giant clams.
 It was a 10 meter long shark.
 They found it in Kansas, the fossil of it.
 Isn't that amazing?
 Just back very quickly to the fact that the Royal Navy did put
 how to escape a giant clam into their booklet.
 I do love when you just read stories of silliness.
 That seems silly to us, but maybe made sense at the time to the people.
 And I've got this story here, which is an old QI fact.
 But it's that in 1993, an army bomb disposal unit was called
 to investigate a suspicious-looking package outside the TA unit in Bristol.
 They blew it up with a controlled explosion.
 But only to discover that it was a parcel of leaflets explaining how to deal
 with suspicious packages.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 Whoops.
 Yeah, I like funny labels and unnecessary labels on products.
 Like, I think we talked before about the do not eat the iPod shuffle.
 Oh, yeah.
 But there are the good ones.
 There's a packet of screwdrivers, which is sold in America,
 where there's the warning at the top says not to be inserted into penis.
 Which is quite-- No, I don't believe it.
 I don't believe it.
 I don't believe it.
 Well, why don't you believe it you think you should?
 Yeah.
 Clearly belongs there.
 And he runs to the bathroom.
 By that logic, almost everything in the world would have that label on it,
 except possibly medical swabs.
 And even they should have been labeled only sometimes in certain penis.
 We've covered before the Alfred Kinsey, the sexist sort of case.
 Yes, we have.
 All right, all right.
 OK, maybe it didn't say on his toothbrush.
 Or maybe as-- where he gripped it, it wore away the do not over time.
 Hang on, what's this label?
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, time for the final fact of the show and it is edge isn't key.
 My fact is that 100 used to be 120.
 What do you mean?
 Ah, well, that's a great question, Don.
 I mean that.
 Well, I mean a couple of things.
 So the word 100 drives from an old northward, 100th, which literally meant 120.
 And when people referred to 100 throughout the Middle Ages and up until the 17th century in lot of cases,
 they actually meant 120 because we worked, especially before the 14th century,
 on a duo decimal system or a base 12 system rather than a decimal system as we do now.
 So everything was divisible by 12.
 Is it true that they said a small 100 when they meant 100?
 Yeah.
 And they said 100 or a long 100 or a great 100 with 120.
 For 120, yeah.
 It's so weird.
 So when you saw the Roman numerals C throughout medieval times, that would usually refer to 120 or 100.
 But it wasn't actually that regular.
 And so 100 can mean various different things depending on what you're referring to.
 So if you were counting drinking glasses or gunpowder weight, then if you said 100, then that would be 100.
 But if you were counting eggs or pins or fish, if you said 100, that would be 120.
 But then there were some commodities for which it was neither.
 So apparently in Roxburgshire and Selkukshire, 100 sheep or lambs was actually 106.
 You're making a hundred.
 And it was 100 for dried fish in some places was actually 160.
 And if you were talking about onions and garlic and you said 100, it was 225.
 So God knows how the hell anyone knew how much they'd order of anything.
 Interestingly, 1,000 comes from exactly the same etymological root as 100.
 So 1,000 literally means a strong 100.
 And again, in medieval times 1,000 was 1,200 usually, because it was a strong 100.
 It was 10 times 100, which was 120.
 So to be clear, it wasn't, it could be 12 times.
 Yes, so it's not, so I was going to say, to be clear, it wasn't a completely geodesymal system.
 It was sort of a half and half.
 So it wasn't all divided by 12.
 I think we've established this was not a system of any kind at all.
 It didn't have a lot of binding logical rules to it.
 This is why no one got anything done until about 1,800. And then we all sorted out the numbers and we found coal.
 And then we got over the industrial revolution.
 There is a tribe in the Amazon.
 It's the Mondurukul tribe.
 And they only count up to six.
 And as soon as they get up to six, the next number just becomes many.
 So if you're having like a dinner party and it's like how many people are coming?
 It's as many. It's like cool.
 I appreciate that, but I need to set out some chairs.
 What's the thing about Chinese use? It's a counting system in China and they use all the bones.
 Each knuckle is worth three things, because I think you have like three lines on your knuckles or something.
 And they can count up to about a million with that.
 The venerable bead had a good way of counting.
 He could count to a million by moving his hands up and down his body.
 Oh yeah, we've heard this all before.
 Excuse every 16 year, but just counting.
 His number for 90,000, for instance, was represented by grasping your lines with your left hand with your thumb towards the genitals.
 There's a great one called the Yupno in Papua New Guinea.
 It's an aboriginal tribe.
 And they have a counting system that goes up to 33.
 But they use their body like the way that we use our fingers to count to 10.
 They go further, but there's a logical kind of step for each one.
 So they count to 10 on their fingers and then their toes take them up to 20.
 Then their ears, eyes, nose and nostrils take them to 27.
 And then their left nipple is 28, right nipple 29, belly button 30.
 And then like where this is going.
 It heads into man territory, left testicle 31, right testicle 32, penis 33.
 So women just can't count as high?
 They get up to 27, unfortunately.
 It's stuck.
 Well they got nipples.
 And it's a 30 to 30.
 That'll be fantastic in bingo calling right testicle 32.
 I've just found the fact of the Chinese and counting using their finger joints.
 So it's not a million that they can get to.
 It is one less than 10 billion.
 Cool.
 I think the last few things that we've just said come from a book called Alex's Adventures in Numberland.
 It's by Alex Bellos.
 And his book is extraordinary.
 I haven't read his new one, but the first one is amazing to drag it back to hundreds for a minute.
 A hundred weight was 112 pounds.
 Still is?
 Still is, yeah.
 Yeah, but only after the 15th century before that it was 108 pounds.
 Oh.
 The whole thing is a nightmare.
 Yeah, it really is.
 Yeah.
 So when we get up to 10, when we're counting up to 10, we think we use the decimal system of counting.
 But if we properly did it, 11 should be one teen and 12 should be two teen.
 But we say 11 and 12 because we used to work on a semi-heat urodesimal system.
 Oh.
 Also, the number 100 is the sum of the first nine prime numbers.
 Yeah, that's weird.
 Between two and 23, and all the seven in between, add them up.
 You got a hundred.
 Cool.
 The other thing is that if you add up all the numbers on a roulette wheel, they add to 666, which is a nice little fact as well.
 So you were saying that the word 100 came from old Norse, and that's it meant 120.
 We still spoke Norse in the UK until the 18th century.
 Did we?
 Wow.
 We were part of the UK speaking Norse.
 That was amazing.
 In the 1701, I think it was a censor, so there was certainly a report in 1701.
 And they said there were still a few monoglock Norse speakers who couldn't speak any other language apart from Norse.
 That is so cool.
 Well, the thing is, like, Shetland was belonging to the Norse people for a long time, and they pawned it to Scotland in the 15th century or something like that.
 So theoretically, they could buy it back if they wanted to.
 Wow.
 In the Roman army, you know, being decimated.
 Oh, yeah.
 Is where one in 10 men is killed. What I didn't know before is that it was a punishment for me.
 You thought it was a treat.
 The reward.
 Good news, boys.
 I thought it happened in war that you lose one man in 10.
 You say, oh, God, the Legion was decimated yesterday.
 Terrible result.
 But no, it's a punishment.
 But there was a minor punishment, which is called being centimated, which is where one person in 100 is put to death, and they choose it by lot.
 And the reason it's a punishment for everyone, isn't it?
 Because one in 10, if you're decimating as a general, is killed by the other nine in 10.
 So it's a punishment for everyone, I think.
 So nine people had to stone one of their people to death.
 Oh, dear.
 You know a word that doesn't exist, but does exist.
 Zillion.
 It exists, but there's no numerical...
 No, it's just a random, like, when you want to come up with something unfeasibly big.
 Yeah.
 There used to be a children's magazine called Zillions, and the Wikipedia entry for it just says it existed for several years until 2000,
 when it was folded into its parent magazine, "Consumer Reports".
 Another amazing.
 Happy 18th birthday. Here's "Consumer Reports".
 Okay, that's it. That's all our facts.
 Thanks so much, everyone, for listening to another episode of our show.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things that we said over the course of this episode,
 you can find us all on Twitter.
 Andy, you can be got on @AndrewHunterM.
 James @Xshaped.
 I'm on @Triberland and Anna.
 I'm on podcast@youride.com.
 It's an email address, not a Twitter handle.
 #GetAnnaOnTwitter
 Okay, so thanks for listening.
 We're going to be back again next week with another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 #YouHoldOnToMe
 #YouHoldOnToMe
 #YouHoldOnToMe
 #We're starting to get together
 #Show what we can do
 #YouHoldOnToMe
 #YouHoldOnToMe
 #YouHoldOnToMe
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
