 Hi everybody just before we start this week's show
 We have a very exciting announcement to make which is that we are going on tour later this year
 That's right. No such thing as a fish presents thunder nerds
 We are back on the road and if you want to come see us live
 You can do that the first date kicking off the tour is the 14th of August at the Edinburgh Fringe tickets are available for that now
 And then the rest of the UK if you want to come and see us
 We will be in Bristol and then we're going over to Ireland to Dublin
 Then we're gonna be in Glasgow Newcastle Cardiff London Manchester. That is all happening throughout September and October this year
 Yes
 And if you want to get tickets to a brand new live recording of the show which by the way
 We should say includes lots of actually very funny bits. We don't put into the panel show better in many ways
 You just need to go to no such thing as a fish dot com slash live
 All the tickets are available there some of them have sold out already some of them
 There are some tickets left for so go go go hurry now. All right, that's it on with the show open the podcast
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI officers in Hoburn
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with James Harkin and Anna Tushinsky and Andrew Hunter Murray
 But once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 And in no particular order here we go starting with fact number one and that is Andy
 My fact is that British elections couldn't go ahead without a device called the spanker
 Without it, we wouldn't have any conservative MPs
 Actually, we're recording this two weeks before the election and at the moment it looks like we might not have any
 Yes, so we don't know the result so really it could go either way
 I personally think they've got it in the bag, but whatever so this is not an election special also
 We should say that shouldn't we? Yes, it is a quarter of an election special
 Don't worry basically if you just tuned in the morning after the election thinking
 Oh, it's nice and just facts about what wasps or something this is only this bit
 But this is very exciting for you because you're listening to the only four people who don't know the result
 I can't believe they didn't know at that point that Donald Trump is going to become the prime minister
 How did that even happen?
 So I've been reading a lot about the election and this was a feature about literally the stuff that needs to make it happen
 You know that the the polling booths and the ballot boxes and all of that and it's about this company called Shaw and Sun
 Who have been making election equipment since 1750? Wow, I mean that's before even mass enfranchisement of the vote
 Wow, that's amazing. Ed, was it always like boxes and stuff?
 I'm not sure what the very earliest stuff was but these days they do about a hundred and sixty thousand little stuffy pencils per
 Election that's brilliant. I always thought they just got those from our goss. Well, they're like baby carrots
 It's that you get a normal size pencil. You have to shave it down. It takes ages
 Oh, they're not specially bred. They're not a different species
 That's why this company is coining it in can I ask what a spanker is? Yes, it's a very very dull thing
 It's a long ruler with a hole in the end, right? And what you do is
 You stick that into the ballot box and you use it to mash down the votes
 So if your ballot box is already then you just give the old spanker a bit of a spanko and it just crams them down in a box
 Do we have the etymology? Why such a sexy name?
 I guess it's patting it down like you might
 Spanking as a force, isn't it? It's like a whack
 That's true. You know the word spanker originally meant just something great. Did it? Yeah, just that's a spanker
 Nice car went past. That's a spanker. I like that. Well, my my brand spanking new. Yes
 Yeah, it was and it was a gold coin between 1663 and 1785 if you said that you had a spanker
 And then you had a gold coin in your pocket. Oh, is that a spanker in your pocket?
 One thing I didn't realize is now obviously this no one saw this election coming except maybe maybe a couple of people
 But we don't know if they've got premonition abilities
 We don't know what the mystical side of them is but no one knew this was coming
 And this is a nightmare for all of these companies that are running these elections because the UK is basically
 650 individual elections
 So everyone has to run around and make sure they have the stubby little pencils that they have the ballot boxes that they have
 Everything ready, but it's even physical venues, you know
 People are like having their weddings in certain places in halls that you suddenly are needed on this on this day
 You know, so the hecticness of the count is it's quite a thing in Britain and it's also a thing that is
 Not true of all countries, right? It's quite weird that we still have human beings counting through votes
 You know in America think almost everyone does some form of electronic voting in lots of other countries
 And we've mentioned before the most exciting
 Results that you guys listening will know and we don't which is who won out of Sunland and Newcastle in the race to see who declares
 The first constituency, but did you know there is a third, you know a reform equivalent coming up on the inside?
 Is there is it? Let's say it must be Hartley-Poole or Durham or it's got to be somewhere up there, hasn't it?
 It is somewhere up there. Well done James. Why do you say that? Well because the other two are up there
 It's
 Sort of because of that yeah, because it seems that it's the brainchild of one single man who did this and it's a guy called Bill Crawford and
 He was head of elections at Sunderland council in 1992
 He thought let's make Sunderland famous for always declaring first the vote
 So for internationalists they always take about an hour and a half to count all the votes and it's very exciting because they win
 But anyway, we mentioned that Newcastle then won in 2017 and 2019, but that was because Bill Crawford had changed councils
 So he went to Newcastle and he masterminded their victory
 That's amazing and is Bill gone somewhere else now? He's gone somewhere else. Has he? He has gone to Ashington and Blythe
 Which I believe is one of the new constituencies
 After all the redrawing and it's in Northumberland. Yeah, they are and they've changed all of the
 Constituencies now haven't they yeah, the boundaries are not really interesting, but the reason they've done it is to try and make
 The number of people in each constituency more level. I think yeah, that's the idea
 So they want every constituency to have between sixty nine thousand and seventy seven thousand voters in it
 But what interesting thing about that is in the United States the Congress has
 435 members
 But there was an amendment in the Constitution that was going to say that every districts had to have a maximum of fifty thousand citizens
 Okay, they never put this amendment in okay, but if they had then the current US Congress would have to have at least
 6,600 members
 Can I tell you about a candidate? This is I love this, okay?
 So, you know you get on your ballot paper
 Like there are some main parties then a few others depending on where in the country you are there might be some local ones
 Like the SMP or whatever and there might be a couple of independence as well. Yeah, and especially in the
 Sort of senior like the Prime Minister seat. There'll be sort of 12 candidates. Yeah, and there are like monster raving loony
 Yeah, exactly. Well, I just love this. Okay in the 1994
 This wasn't a biggie actually there's European elections. I was in Devon Richard Huggett stood for a party
 That he called the literal Democrats brilliant right as opposed to the liberal Democrats
 Thank you for making the comparison for us for international listeners who might not have heard of the Lib Dems
 Maybe they're huge in Chattanooga. I don't know but who's not heard of our new Prime Minister's party
 But the literal Democrats he got 10,000 votes because people just read oh, yeah, that must be that's they just misread it
 Oh, I think it's illegal to do that as well
 He was responsible. He's probably the only independent MP who's ever got a law changed because thanks to him
 The law was changed because the actual Lib Dems lost that seat by 700 votes
 Oh, wow, they would have won it were it not for the 10,000 to vote it for him. Wow, so he got so they claim
 So you now cannot do that that's crazy
 So someone was saying that if Queen Victoria sort of time traveled to today and went to a polling booth
 It wouldn't look alien to her it would look exactly like how she would have remembered it because 80% of all of the principles
 That was set out in the ballot act in 1872 are the same
 So you think those people outside doing selfies with the dogs that was the same
 So that would be that would be a bit confusing but once she's inside with a little pencil. She's like I'm home
 She's gonna say what are all these women doing here?
 So if you go to this website by the way shore and sons the company that did oh, yeah
 I'm lucky you can just buy this stuff. You can buy yourself a spanker if you like for 5.95
 You really which I think is probably cheaper than a lot of other shops might charge you for a spanker
 Yeah, but I mean you can get also you can get a basic kit you can buy a sign saying you may use your own pen
 What would you?
 It's only you and your wife in your house, isn't it? Yeah, why might you want a ballot box?
 Oh, what's for tea tonight?
 All sorts of things. I would love that in fact I might buy it
 Yeah, there are two weeks to go to the election. So I might actually buy some stuff for the house like you know abuse
 That's another sign you could buy. I'd love to buy one of those
 Do you remember I absolutely walked into a primary school during the Brexit referendum
 I was going to vote
 And they were singing in out
 That's the problem I was looking for where I needed to go and vote and I knew it was on this road
 But I didn't see where and there was a sign that said out and then there was another sign that said in a bit further down
 And I was like, okay, here we go. So I went inside and they went. What are you doing here?
 And I was like, I'm just here to vote and they said this is a school and I said, I'm sorry the signs outside
 They said that's for cars. That's the car park. That's an in sign and an outside
 So you don't drive in the wrong spot tragedy your vote to shake it all about
 Declan invalid
 Funny it was embarrassing and Sean Kemp who was the head of press for lit Dems in 2010
 Said that for party leaders dignity has to be less important than coverage sometimes
 Lessons have been taken on by the current
 Because for people outside the UK the main part of this campaign for me
 Is that when you look at the news? It's like labor talk about the latest tax or the
 Conservatives say how they're gonna stop migration and then it's a Davey the leader of the Lib Dems goes bungee jumping with mr.
 Blobby
 But this has been the technique for at least 15 years
 Yeah, so Nick Clegg went to go ape and did a lip-sync with Kylie rage absence. I really like you
 Don't remember that but the main king of it was the head of the Scottish Lib Dems called Willie Rennie
 Once he was in a farm and he was talking about some I don't know
 Wind farms or something and he wasn't really sure why he was there and he said I don't know how but it certainly does
 Help in some way someone somewhere will work it out and work out why we're here
 He was said this in an interview, but while he was saying it there were two pigs having sex behind it
 It's the most amazing video you've ever seen and it became so notorious that the courier evening telegraph even reported when the pigs died a
 Few years later because they became so famous
 and the idea is that
 They think that the the press who kind of go around with all these politics are always really grumpy and they always think they're in
 The wrong place because who cares what the Lib Dems say they want to be where the action is happening
 And so they have to put on all these things to kind of keep the press happy
 So I'm super fun. Yeah, I mean his tour bus is like champagne is given out and party poppers and then you know
 They all get to go down waterslides naked with not naked
 Trunks with him for me. Yeah, Davey has been an advert for how great Britain can be
 He's just done all the most fun stuff in Britain. He's secretly working for the British tourist board
 I went on to so like you went on to the website to buy all of that paraphernalia
 Yeah, the smaker and so on I went on to the major political party websites to look at their stores to see if there's any fun stuff
 That you can get as well much. Yeah, they're merch stores
 And they do have a few things that they're trying to have a sense of humor with so for example on the conservative site
 You can buy a pair of Cure Starmer flip-flops, so you've got his face on them
 You will see flip flip between policies all the time. Can you also buy a massive bin fire from there?
 Well, what's interesting is it's only made me realize that it's a very different culture here in Britain too
 it is in the States where you have so much merch that comes out during an election and
 They they print so much with the hope of the expectation the person's gonna get in and continue to sell
 But what happens when they lose what happens when they have to drop out?
 What do you do with all this merch and apparently for years after the 2012 election in Kenya?
 You could see kids just walking around with Mitt Romney t-shirts and hats
 Thousands were sent over there. And so yeah, so they have to just redistribute all of these things that yeah, it's pretty extraordinary
 I was on custom condoms.co.uk. Oh, yeah
 You were also on there and the user is currently looking at this condom
 We've been bidding against each other for that one condom, haven't we?
 I won't go at any of our 59p
 Selling condoms with political jokes on them. No, it's not practical jokes
 So they have like Rishi no Rashi. Oh, yeah to protect you from STDs
 We're Fakir or Ed Davey makes my legs go wavy
 Anyway, the really interesting thing about this is they also have a poll on the website about how many they've sold and
 At the time of research labor on 34.2 percent the Tories were on 19.4 percent reformer on 15.6 percent
 And the Lib Dems are on 10.3 percent
 Which is almost exactly as the actual polls are. It's insane
 The only difference is that the Green Party are on 14.1
 So if you give 7% of their vote to labor it is pretty much exactly as the same as the polls
 Wow
 It's that amazing. A great graphic at the end would be if they actually put the condom onto three people's penises
 But they are the right height
 When gone erect, let's see who's won. That's the Channel 4 swingometer this year
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is James
 Okay, my fact this week is that the Never Pink movement refers to hunters in the US who refuse to wear pink clothing
 Even though it gives them more chance of shooting their prey and makes them less likely to be shot themselves
 So by not wearing pink they're less likely to catch anything and they're more likely to be shot by a fellow hunter exactly
 But their mates might take the piss out of them because they're wearing pink and that's why they refuse to do it
 Oh, actually, there's a few reasons that we might get to but is it a political thing
 Is it like pinko's the communist thing or is it just a girly color? I'm afraid it's more of like a homosexual
 I see girly thing although actually there are a group of women Never Pinkers
 And reason for a lot of them is they just get annoyed that you know
 Why should we wear pink just because we're women right because some of these pink things
 They try and sell them to women and they think well, we should wear the same as everyone
 So you might be mistaken also for a flamingo actually, so yes
 It's amazing that as part of the research that they cite why pink is better is that pink is
 Supposedly less visible to the animals that they're hunting. Yeah, it's deer specifically
 And it's compared to orange
 So most states in America say that you have to wear some kind of hives and they'll say it's either orange or pink
 Or it might be other things
 But basically the choice for these hunters is between orange and pink and they much more prefer to go for orange
 And this I should say came from an article in the Wall Street Journal by John Clark, which I read about this
 Here's a cool thing about pink you can tell where a salmon is from by the hue of its flesh
 So we've mentioned before that salmon are pink because of the things they eat, right?
 And
 But the different species of salmon they all have different diets which are heavier or lighter in
 The krill of the shrimp that give them that hue
 So if you're an Alaskan sockeye salmon, you'll be a very deep red because you live near the Bering Sea
 Which is full of krill that's interesting
 But if you're a king salmon you eat relatively less of that stuff and you'll be much paler
 I think the problem is though that they just put colouring in salmon these days
 Don't they? No, they don't put colouring but they farm salmon and feed them deliberately pink stuff to make them more pink than they would
 Yes, they would be it would be a lot more gray and less appetizing looking to us. Yeah, pink's an amazing colour
 I've never really thought about pink too much, but as far as science knows at the moment, it's the oldest colour on earth
 Okay
 That's the oldest colour. Yes, it was in black and white at some point
 Yeah, basically a few years back they crushed a 1.1 billion-year-old rock that they found beneath the Sahara Desert and
 That produced pink and that's the oldest colour that we now know of. Okay. Yeah, so cool
 Weirdly the oldest colour, but also get ready to be upset chemist, physicist, scientist. It's not a colour
 Well, I, people get annoyed when you say this, but it's not a colour. It's not on the spectrum, right?
 You look at the spectrum red, orange, yellow, green, blue, indigo, violet, a rainbow
 Pink isn't in there and this does make it really special
 So the way our eyes merge other colours, right, as we see a specific wavelength
 So you'll see a specific wavelength for blue or a specific wavelength for red or for green
 And then if you're seeing two different colours, you'll see the average of those wavelengths
 So if you see red and yellow, the average of those two wavelengths is orange. So you see that, but
 when we see pink
 It's actually because we're seeing the shortest wavelength and the longest wavelength
 So we're saying red at one end of the rainbow and then like a violet blue at the other end
 And if you've got the average of them, it would be like green in the middle of the rainbow
 Which doesn't really make any sense. So our brain invents a new colour
 So pink isn't on the spectrum. The way you can tell this, this is an exciting experiment you can do, which I find so cool
 Type in magenta circle or go on to Microsoft Word and draw yourself a magenta circle
 Stare at that circle for a minute
 And first of all, what you'll see is it goes green around the edge, which is super cool
 And then if you stare at it for a minute, if you look at the white space on the page next to it
 You'll see a green circle and that's because that's like the inverse of pink
 Like the negative kind of thing
 Right, and if you stare at it for a minute longer, it tells you who the zodiac kill it
 But you're wearing a pink watch and you're trying to say basically that colour doesn't, it's brain fabricated
 Yeah, and others like brown is a little bit, but pink is the most obvious and most round the other side of the spectrum
 Yeah, brown's not on the spectrum either. No, I know and that's another example of an extra spectral colour
 It's just not quite as fun as pink. Maybe the spectrum is not as helpful
 Do you know what I mean? Yeah, I'm with you
 Maybe the spectrum is not a good way of thinking about it. That is just nature though. The spectrum is just the reality
 I guess I'm defining colour as something with a wavelength and pink doesn't have a wavelength
 Okay, I was reading about just the effect that pink can have on us
 there's this shade of pink called Baker Miller pink and
 It's been given a big claim that it's a pink that if you stare at or if you're surrounded by it calms you down
 So it was based on some old research which has not been replicated
 However, people kind of don't care in jails around the world like in switzerland
 They will paint this Baker Miller pink everywhere because they believe that if you're in its presence
 It takes out all your aggression and it just absolutely winds you down and they also use it in sport
 So you have football teams like Norwich City Football Club who will paint the visiting teams locker room
 Entirely pink so that when they get in their aggression is taken out
 And they're not as feisty for the match and even though we don't even know if it's true
 It does affect the mentality of people so in america and american football
 They do this as well
 And you'll have the coaches coming in getting furious about one pink room and he'll like put white paper all over the walls
 So that is players don't get influenced by this calming color. It could definitely have an effect because let's say
 Well, first of all the away team might think oh, no, it's pink. I'm going to be less aggressive
 So they might just naturally think yeah, but also the home team might think
 We've given them the pink dressing room that will make us better and it would just make you, you know
 Psychologically play better. Yeah, psyops. It's all sort of what's it called psychosomatic. Yeah
 If you're the home team, it's good for you to know that and then you have to give the away team
 Who are visiting you a pamphlet explaining? Yeah. Yeah, actually did you know that?
 And that's they leave the room you just quickly whisper to each one of them, you know, that's not even a color
 And it just psychologically
 You know that song that chelsea sing blue is the color they used to sing blue is a color
 Unlike pink of course
 And a lot of other teams use different things in their dressing rooms instead of this pink color
 So uh burnley fc used to turn the temperature up in the away dressing room to make everyone sweat
 They also make the away dressing room door smaller than normal making the players sort of hunch down as they
 That would have the opposite effect on me because I think gosh, I'm big and tall and mighty
 Like giving them all a half point. They think wow, I'm huge
 In arsenal according to legend
 They have a table in the middle of the dressing room
 Which is such a height that wherever the manager stood some of the people won't be able to see them. Oh, wow
 How tall is this table? So you're sat down like you're sat down on benches. Yeah
 And it'll be like halfway up the room is this big sort of like of us like a kitchen counter
 That's great
 In liverpool, apparently they would polish the floor really an awful lot in the away dressing room
 So that um players would have to tip to around so they didn't slip
 And they put banana peel all over it
 One more of these. Oh, yeah
 Chelsea fc apparently made the mirrors in the away dressing room, you know like those holes of mirrors
 Make you really tall or really small or whatever
 They made them making it look like the away players were smaller than they are and the home players were bigger than they are
 I should say this was all according to an article in the sun about olly's
 Okay, right
 That's a great collection. Well, that's fun. Pink ladies
 Uh from greece. I'm actually thinking of the apples. Oh, pink lady apple
 But it's it's actually I believe several different kinds of apple
 Is it but they're grouped it's like how when you order scampi you're getting any old
 Stuff, you know, it's just got bachelor on it and it's from the sea basically
 I mean, there is a main one which is called krips pink
 Uh after
 Like how children say crisps. Uh, no
 It's after the gang the krip. No, it's not it's um
 John krips who was a sort of apollographer from uh apollologist
 Yeah, an apollographer story is someone who draws apples or writes the biographies of apples
 Well, this this guy was in a way doing that because he was breeding the apples
 It took him decades to get the pink lady perfect because they originated in australia because they need really high temperatures to grow and
 to become perfect
 And um, he died in 2022. He was nearly 100 years old. I think when he died get on in all those apples. Yeah, a couple of days exactly
 Yeah, I like a pink lady actually. I thought about you guys. I think it's my favorite apple. It's my favorite apple
 Yeah, I love it. It's objectively the best apple guys and I think it's just I mean, it's obviously rock hard
 It's nice and sour and I like to not like a pink lady
 I actually like a braven
 Oh the lesser appreciated
 Despite having just said the pink lady is the best. Yeah, you like the one that is less in my heart of hearts
 I know pink lady is the best. It's also the most expensive and i'm very stingy
 So i'll save that 25p and go for the braven
 I objectively know that man's city are the best football team, but that doesn't stop me from supporting tremere rovers
 Exactly braven is my jam here
 Um, do you know we invented pink pigs?
 Did we? Yeah, okay. Yeah, what were they before? So they won. Yeah wild pigs aren't pink. Yeah, we're brown
 So we're from one non-color to another non-color
 Pigs don't exist. That's why they have no predators in the natural world. Nothing can see hardly
 No, we we bred them to be pink and we're not really sure why it's when humans started breeding animals for farming
 And we assume it's just because we like bright fun colors
 And they wouldn't survive in the wild as pink because they are quite visible and obviously pink is not a very good disguise color
 And they get sunburned as well, don't they and they do get sunburned exactly because pink means they've got no melanin
 That's wild. No
 I was looking up pink slang as well. Oh, yeah from jonathan green's fantastic
 Dictionary of slang. Yeah, we've referred to a few times before. I think it's it's amazing pink cigar
 The penis oh is it pink oboe is this all gonna be the penis no playing the pink oboe does feel like masturbating
 That's his penis the pink pink panatella like a panatella cigar. Oh, is it the italian version of the pink pan?
 I'm afraid it's the penis
 Um pink torpedo. Yeah
 He's the next
 Pink finger next it's a skinhead actually a pink finger. Oh, yeah, okay. Yeah, right
 Unfortunately, it means skinhead but skinhead means penis
 Um pink trumpet. I must be I mean they're all penis pink steel
 Pink steel. Yeah, penis. Um pink palace
 Uh, that's a vagina. It certainly is
 Pink what pinken the pinken the pinken pinken pinken that
 That's that's no, that's the financial times needs faith. Oh, yeah, the pink one. Yeah, yeah, the pink one. So there you go
 So it's mostly it's mostly penis. Yeah, yeah, unless it's the financial times
 It's not the financial times in your pocket
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is my fact
 My fact this week is that monks working at the 2800 year old buddhist temple daigoji in japan
 Maintain a five-story pagoda a cherry blossom garden and a space program
 Space program. Yeah, is it up there with the u.s. And um,
 China space programs. This is uh, it's it's a slow start
 They're going to be sending one small satellite up that measures 20 centimeters in length and 30 centimeters in width
 You weren't even very small monk on that. No
 This is yeah, this is a this is a heritage place in in um kiyoto
 And the monks there have become very interested in the idea of if you know, for example that a temple in space is flying
 Over you can track it and you can pray to that temple
 So it's it's a sort of even for wandering monks and so on
 To be able to pray to whenever the iss goes over. Yeah, we always get a tiresome person like me going. Oh, look, that's
 A star that looks like it's moving. That's the iss actually. Yeah, but instead we'd be like now we all meditate
 Yeah, exactly. Now it's a meditation thing
 So they have teamed up with a satellite developer called terra space ink
 Who were also based in kiyoto and it was meant to go up in 2023
 It hasn't been launched yet, but it's still they're they're doing tons of talks about it and so on
 So it sounds like it's still on the cards, but yeah, that's their that's very cool
 That's their plan. Yeah, and it said that priests will give space services
 I mean, is that just like doing something over zoom?
 Is does that mean the priest in the temple on the ground a romantic way of looking at it?
 I mean, yes, it's technically like doing something over zoom
 We're gonna already communicate with far flung temples all the south wise Elon musk has put up there
 I really like it. I think it's awesome. It's it is a bit confusing about how the operation is going to work at the moment
 Largely because the articles are just translated from a local source
 So it's we haven't got in depth on it yet as far as I know
 But inside the temple that it's going to be in space the satellite
 They're going to include a buddhist statue and a mandala painting or a few of those
 Mandala Mandala Mandala Mandala. No, no Nelson Mandala is uh, yeah, no a mandala painting
 Yeah, that will be within this tiny little really. Yeah, which we should probably say what mandala painting is
 Yeah, it's like one of those geometric circles like a lot of different colors
 Yeah, it's like kind of but it's a circle, but it means something in buddhism
 It's a sort of holy symbol of eternity. Is it I'm going I have a few of them at home
 Yeah, which I have absolutely no idea what they do
 I always sell them as a tourist
 And that's what they do they keep the temple going
 That's so good. That's very good. Um the the world of Japanese temples and shrines is so interesting. It's amazing
 It's so cool because there are so many thousands
 A lot of them are amazingly old and this is I love this
 The oldest continually operating company in the world is a temple building company called kongo gumi
 When it was founded the prophet Muhammad was eight years old
 It really is very old indeed and it was set up by a guy called Shigetsu kongo
 And the firm kept going independently until 2006 and then it's become a
 subsidiary of another firm, but it is still going
 Don't sell yourself off after what 1500 years
 Big decision, but they still do it. They still specialize in construction and maintenance of buddhist temples
 One good thing they have going is that some temples in japan, uh knock themselves down every 20 years
 Do they yeah, well if you're if you're part of the building company. Oh, yeah
 so the idea is and this is um most famously a shrine in um
 In tokyo that I've been to whose name I can't remember and I haven't written down
 because I one of the main shrines in tokyo
 And every 20 years they knock it down and they build a new one and the idea is
 One to sort of show renewal, which is obviously big in in these religions
 But also it keeps the artisan skills alive because if you're building
 Let's say you're building churches in the uk you might build a church, but then you might not need another one for 60 years
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, or even 600 years
 Yeah, and so who knows how to make an apps at that stage
 So it's kind of planned obsolescence, which we need to use to hearing about with iPhones, but this is
 These are the iphones of japanese temples. That's the I think I know the name. Is it the chumbo wamba temple in
 Because
 It's something for the 90s children
 No
 Yeah, I loved it andy. I loved it. But the entire process takes about 17 years
 So you you build it. It's there. You do three years of everything's fine
 And then after three years you have to start planning for the next one. Oh come on. This is unionized bullshit
 There's no way that's necessary
 There was this interesting um division slash marriage between shrines and temples in japan, which I didn't really know
 So there are 80 000 shinto shrines and about 77 000 buddhist temples
 And you'll be going to see one or the other. They often look really similar and um often they used to be the same
 It's kind of sad because japanese people believed in shintoism and then um buddhism came along about the sixth century
 And they sort of merged quite happily until the 19th century and you'd have shrine temples and temple shrines
 And you'd have like buddhas inside shinto shrines
 And then in the 19th century the meiji restoration said no, let's split them up
 And let's make sure the um buddhas know that they're secondary to shintoism
 And now they're divided, but you do get some buddhas hidden in
 Shrine still. Yes some sneaky buddhas. I don't believe that 40 000 temples in japan were destroyed during the meiji restaurant
 Because that's imperial rule was restored and that basically the buddhist religion had been quite closely associated with the previous dynasty
 And there were all sorts of rules like you had to affiliate yourself with the buddhist temple under the previous rules
 And that was partly to prove you weren't christian and you had to do that just to lead a normal life
 Basically it was kind of a condition of citizenship. So I think a lot of
 Frustration had built up around that which is why when the meiji restoration happened all of these tens tens of thousands of
 That's like half half the temples
 Obviously a very big country, but it's just the number of temples that it's just staggering. I think I went to a moss one
 Did you? Yeah, I think it was in Kyoto. I can't really remember
 But I think you go over there and there's like a bucket of water
 And you have a spoon and you pour the water over the buddha or whatever it is
 And then it helps the moss to grow and it's really nice. I think you like say a wish and it comes true
 My wish was already country
 There's another one that helps you cure your warts
 And the idea there is you put a coin in an offering box and you pick up a handful of salt and rub it in whichever area
 Has warts in it. Oh, and why didn't it work for you, James?
 And there's another one I really like that I've never been to but it's a single word shrine
 And what you do is you put your coin in the box you clap your hands twice
 And then your wish has to be a single word
 So you can't say I wish to win 100 quid in the lottery
 You have to just say one word and if your wish doesn't edit down to one word, you can't have it
 That's quite good, Stammer
 That and it's not so that um whatever god it is who's in control has a bit of leeway
 So you could say cat and if the god wanted they could send a tiger to maul you to death
 Oh, yeah, that would have been good
 Like a monkey's paw
 Exactly, yeah
 One of the good things is uh, if something traumatic happens in a westerners life
 They often go to try and find themselves and there's an example. Um, which is uh, slightly topical, which is garrus southgate
 So garrus southgate, uh, right after england football manager. England football manager. So the euros are currently on. Sorry. Yeah, sorry
 So back in the 90s. He famously botched a penalty kick and it was huge news
 Even though that that was yeah, when I got to the point where even his mother said to him, I quote
 Why didn't you blast it dear?
 I need to get out of here
 So he went to barley and uh, he thought I'm just going to get some rest
 And so they stayed in this beautiful place where they were completely isolated and they found a stunning buddhist temple
 There were lakes and volcanoes nearby. He said it was absolutely magical and then he said in the distance
 He saw a monk associated with the temple
 Walk over to him. Yeah, and he comes up to him and the monk says
 You're garrus southgate. Oh mate that penalty
 I'm paraphrasing though, but those are the those are the words he basically said
 buddha did not like that
 buddha would have blasted that
 That's amazing. That's so funny. Sounds like she was advising the space program temple as well
 Have you heard of the shrine you go where you want to break up with someone? This is great. Oh, no, I haven't heard of that
 Sounds like quite a roundabout way of doing it
 You're in the car on the way and I know nothing about this. I'll quickly google it. No, no, no. Wait till we get there
 Basically, there's a whole there's a whole sort of subspecies of shrines
 I think they're called engiri shrines and they the the local gods
 They give you the strength to cut ties between you and another of whatever kind so it might be a relationship
 might be a work thing might be anything
 um
 And there's one for example Manto kuchi temple in gunma prefecture
 Which is where women could escape their abusive husbands
 So it was quite an unusual kind of shrine because they're quite male environments
 But this was a place where women could divorce their husbands and these days if you go there you can get a set of papers
 They're either red or black
 And you feel like one is I want a new relationship be formed and one is I want to break an old relationship
 You know how I was saying i'm the about you buying a ballot box for you and your wife
 Oh, no
 I open it on the the morning this episode is released dozens of japanese characters. I can't read
 But all saying the same
 same sad message
 But so you fill in these papers right you go into this special prayer area which contains two japanese squat toilets
 And you put your paper so it floats on the water for a few seconds
 So it's not it's not also used as a squat toilet right do not use the toilet
 And then you flush your prayers and that is the way that it gets carried away. Yeah, that's that's a very unusual variety of
 Try but it shows you the range they've got. Yeah, they've got a huge problem in japan, haven't they their rivers are just full of
 prayers
 Very dangerous as women. Um, I don't know. We've never talked about the oldest temple in the world
 This is gobekli tepe in turkey
 Which is quite recently confirmed to be the oldest in the world and it has um
 A headless torso with an erect penis as part of its deco
 It's these 60 massive pillars like limestone pillars that have all these engravings on them and they were
 Built 11 000 years ago and then deliberately all buried a couple of thousand years later
 And yeah, they've got these amazing carvings on them and a lot of them are penis based obviously because the earliest temples
 They were obviously worshipping penises and so they feature they also feature eyeless ducks in their sculptures
 Which quite scary and also you've missed the penis
 That's the one-eyed duck
 But in the land of the eyeless ducks the one-eyed duck is king
 Sure, um, they also have scum carvings of boars foxes and a headless man with erections
 Which the german and english text accompanying it mentioned and the turkish text does not wow
 Yeah, but interestingly they think this temple is why we invented agriculture
 So it's unclear why this was built at a time when we were hunter-gatherers and moving around a lot
 It was built before we'd settled agriculturally
 And it would have taken an enormous workforce and they would have stuck around for ages and ages to build it
 And they think it might be that to build this temple. They had to be like we need we need a permanent food source
 We need to get houses for all these people so that they can stick around and build it
 And that was what led to the first agriculture
 So it wasn't that we invented temples once we came up with farming in sat in one place
 We invented farming because of this temple right that is really cool
 I was told one theory that the reason they buried it is because they knew that on orami was coming to take over
 So they just all buried it and then when they arrived they just went, you know, nothing to see here
 Wasn't there online map? It says there's a big city here. I think it's that yeah, it's that way
 Just go over this big mound. It's a little one-eyed duck sticking up here. Is that not something?
 Do you know we've never talked about someone who must be one of Dan's favorite characters?
 Um, just speaking of weird space programs the Zambian space program. Oh, right. Yeah. No, we haven't. Um, no
 We haven't and I love this guy. So 1964, um, obviously Maricala's base program
 Russia's space program USSR and Zambia had one and it was headed up by
 Edward Makuka and Coloso who was a science teacher and he was director of the national academy of science based research and philosophy
 unofficial
 Um, and he decided that they would be the first country to reach the moon. And yeah, they um, they actually never made it to the moon in the end
 Yeah, I know it's weird, but they got really close
 Yeah, no they didn't he asked for a lot of billions of dollars of funding for various countries, but his methods were so fun
 He so he recruited 12 afro-naughts and he did this whole
 He made up that name and he invented this training regimen
 Which included um, he'd shut them in an oil drum
 And then he'd spin them around trees and roll them down hills in it so they could get used to um being weightless
 Being bullied they get used to being bullied which might happen if you're on a long space journey. Yeah
 Well, if I'm on one
 You arrive at the moon with no lunch money
 No days now
 No, no, don't flush my head down the toilet. It's literally a vacuum into space
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is Anna my fact this week is that cats only come in two colors
 Pink and brown
 Well close
 It's just it's just not true this isn't it? It's just it's not even I've seen cats that we've all seen cats
 This is explained best I found by the cat fancies association
 Who has a very an excellent
 I would think so
 I'm not surprised if not dogs are us
 They are an excellent um sort of paper on this and basically explain that um
 All cats have two colors black or red and all the colors you think you're seeing on cats are just kind of degrees of black and red
 My cat is blue
 Thank you for raising blue at this early stage james
 So um black and red are expressed by the b gene which stands for brown in fact because black is just very dark brown
 and the o gene
 Which is orange
 We're learning so much about colors in this episode, aren't we? They're just not what you saw. I haven't learned anything weirdly
 It's too
 complicated
 Your blue cat as you say is just dark brown which doesn't exist by the way
 There's nothing as brown, but if it gets really dark, it's black. I'm just I'm not saying black itself as a color is dark brown
 I'm saying the black you see on cats is actually dark brown
 Okay, and actually often if you have a black cat it goes browner james your blue cat is just a dilute of black
 Hmm. What does that mean? It means it's got the black slash brown gene
 But then on top of that it's got the dilution gene and that turns black into blue
 But it's still black. It's just added some water
 My cat is perfect and I don't like you saying her genes are diluted diluted cat. Sorry mate. What are we doing with white?
 Is that just the blank canvas you get? Oh my god, Dan
 You phrase the most difficult question right at the top as the cat fancies admit
 White is the biggest problem the thing to know about white and you're not going to like this guys
 But this is according to cat fancies white is not a color. Okay. Oh, I buy that
 It's a shade. I would say yeah, black and white aren't really colors. Black is a color though in this instance
 Yeah, that's that's what's very brown. This is dark brown
 But the thing with white is the um your white cat is actually either brown or orange
 So your white cat has genes for either being a black cat or an orange cat
 But then it also has a kit gene quite nicely named
 Which covers up those and often you can see the true color of the cat on its head
 So if you've got a white cat with a tiny bit of orange on its head
 It's actually an orange cat and if it mates with another cat then they'll likely be orange
 I think I follow that because I I was reading that orange cats are likely to be male
 Yeah, almost always. Okay, and that's because
 The genetic information of the cat's color is found on the x chromosome
 Yeah, and females have two x's like in humans and males have an x and a y like in humans
 So if the male's single x chromosome is orange, that's just an orange cat
 Yeah, and a male can never have both black and orange
 That's true. Exactly. So if you have a tortoise shell cat, which is like orange and black and white and stuff
 It has to be female because it's got two x's and one x can be black and one can be orange
 Except there are very few males that have an extra x chromosome, which is really rare. They're x x y
 That's really rare. So they can be tortoise shell huge if you've got one of those
 That's but that's a real it's really rare and the other type you can have male tortoise shells is if it's a chimera
 So you start off with an egg and a sperm
 But then another egg and sperm come in and then you've got two embryos and they fuse together to make one cat
 Okay chimeras and then like you get some chimeras where you get a cat and half of it is one color and half
 It's the other color and it's exactly halfway down the body. Are you kidding? Really?
 That's a great thing for a murder mystery plotline. Like the cat that was coming into the room
 What color was it? Two people give different answers and that affects who the killer is
 It's also really good for those panto skits where you play the man and the woman
 That push and boots is going to be electric
 It's so weird this stuff. It's fascinating. It is quite fascinating. One can go a bit too deep
 I actually found this fact reading an article about a new cat color that has been discovered
 So there could be a claim that there's a third color. Oh, yeah, and that is salty licorice
 And this has just been discovered
 It's a white chest and paws and then it's got black body with like white speckles on it
 And they're missing a chunk of DNA. So that's genetically totally different to anything we've seen before
 It sounds black in color
 No, it's not it's like salty licorice
 It's like it's like someone with black hair that's going sort of patchy gray, right?
 That's it interesting and their hair starts out black and then it fades to white by the time it gets to the end of the hair
 So it's kind of that strange and I can't believe having done this podcast for 10 years
 You think oh everything's been discovered and then they found a new color of cat in the last year
 Do you know the word licorice? Yeah, it means this food this delicious food. Yeah
 But it also had two old meanings. It meant lecherous or someone who enjoys liquor
 So if you were licorice, it meant you really like drinking alcohol because you like drinking licorice
 And then it also meant lecherous because you might lick things
 It's actually true. It's not related to the word lecherous. This is like an old 18th century meaning
 It was like someone that licked a lot of things was lecherous and therefore they were licorice
 Um cats
 Yeah, when they are
 growing
 in the womb
 This is cool about where they get the color from
 So the color cells all grow along their back. They're called neural crest cells. These are the color cells, okay?
 And they start building up and then they migrate around the body of the embryo
 And they can get all the way around in which case you'll have a cat that's one color
 Oh, is that why you have white bellies? They can get only part of the way around well different patches of color
 Basically, you'll have like white socks. Yeah, if they don't make it all the way around or a hitler moustache
 And yeah, that's it and whether your cat is one color or different colors is completely dependent on how far those cells
 Migrate it around the body of the cat in embryo form
 That's so interesting. So cool. Is it so often you see a white belly on a cat and it's just the belly is too far from the spine to
 Have yeah, basically all the way around. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's bizarre. And those socks are weird as well
 Does your cat doesn't have socks? No, she's a perfect all one color. Okay
 Your breed as foe of the podcast that old Hitler would approve
 So the cats with socks, you know the white little white socks that you get they're lovely
 But they are because we domesticated cats
 Because pre-domestication that would have been a terrible idea for a cat to have because they're hunting
 And if you see a big white sock clumping towards you, obviously you spot the cat
 So but early humans probably would have bred for that. There's a nice feature to have a breed of cat with socks like them
 Yeah, that's very cool. Um, your cats are all the same, right? As in not your cat james, which is what special and perfect
 But but you know what I mean like most cats look more like other cats than dogs look like other dogs
 I see so you don't get like little sausage cats
 Or great big cats or like bully excel cats. It just doesn't happen
 And that's really interesting because there's no actual reason why
 We couldn't have done that, right?
 So and the reason is how long have we been breeding dogs for different purposes centuries?
 Yeah millennia millennia. Yeah, and you breed a dog to hunt otters or like a dachshund to hunt badgers in their sets or to
 Whatever pick up um grouse that you've just shot or whatever
 All these different things whereas cats have fulfilled basically the same function all that time which is vermin in the home
 And companionship, right? If we'd put our work in
 500 years ago as humans we could now have like you're lost in the alps and then there's a cat with a barrel of brandy around its neck
 That comes and yeah saves you a terrifying cat guard when you hear the meow walking past a farm you tense up and freak out
 All kind we could have had every single cat under the sun every single dog could have had his mirror cat
 I think this is actually a kids book ready to grow it is
 It absolutely is sausage cat would be I'd read that
 To a child that's amazing. Is it happening though or people?
 Well, no, but like, you know, why not why why haven't we started doing it people do breed amazing like yeah
 Yes, like James is amazing British short-haired cats. There are breeds. Yeah, but they're not being bred to turn spits
 They're all basically being bred because we like the look of them really. Yes. Yeah, I think
 Or some of them like the British shorthairs wear bred for hunting prowess
 You're well my cat is the most useless cat in history
 But like her breed was bred for chasing birds and stuff like that
 It still does seem to me
 Not the number sceptical about this claim because I'm not this explanation
 But that cats still seem to have less variety than you'd expect from lots of breeding
 In in terms of size for instance, if we have bred some for hunting
 Um, it's very interesting that you can get tiny tiny chihuahuas and giants and burners
 And with cats, there's not much variety. If we'd wanted to could we have taken an ordinary domestic cat and bred it into the size of a lion
 Could we have reinvented a cycle? Yes, but I think the other thing is that domestic cats
 Are hunters all of them pretty much. And so if you do breed a massive cat
 It's not going to be a lap cat. It's gonna like it's going to go after you, isn't it?
 Well, the owner is behind it saying he's very friendly
 This is not the cat he is actually
 The hairless cat that was a kind of oh, yeah, that was a useful thing. They were trying to invent
 Well for people who wanted cats who were allergic to cat hair
 That was a big idea, but you can't once you've taken off all the hair
 I would argue it's no longer really the same kind of experience of cat ownership
 You've always wanted a cat and you were so sad you couldn't have one
 Gollum calls into the room
 Well, like that's Sphinx cats. They look like Gollum really. Yeah, they do. They don't look good
 But it was a slightly pointless exercise as well because it's not just the hair that people are allergic to
 There's stuff in their saliva, which is yeah, so at the time it was believed the hair was a simple thing
 But now there's just this naked cat that's still and they haven't they didn't breathe the dry mouth. No
 You know, I Sphinx cats are from I'll jump on it Egypt
 I did read actually, but yeah Toronto Toronto
 It was three weird number of hairless kittens were found in Toronto in the 70s
 And they bred them and bred them and so now they're all hairless
 Nice
 I was on um
 I think I'm a scientific american. Yeah, I was on scientific american
 I came across a headline which was what is the difference between hair and fur
 We spoke with memalogist Nancy Simmons of the american museum of natural history about this. Here's the transcript
 Is this gettable?
 Yes
 Okay, fur on animals hair on humans. No hair on monkeys. I guess
 Is there a fur on monkeys? I'd say. Oh, yeah
 If you comb it it's hair if you brush it it's fur
 Right. No, you brush you brush your head. Sorry. No, no, no, no
 Is it structured different as in no more keratin hair grows only on your head fur grows
 your chest
 I'm gonna put you out of your misery
 Scientific american asks is there a difference between hair and fur? Nancy Simmons replies. There isn't hair and fur are the same thing
 I know disappointing. Okay. Here's the craziest thing I found researching this. Okay, you can give dog blood to a cat
 To eat or to to not to drink to infuse to if a cat needs a blood transplant
 It can take dog blood
 I find that very difficult to believe. Hashtag more in common. Um, but only once
 Because they die
 You can drink a pint of arsenic, but only once
 They don't die the first time you do it, but they will die the second. This is insane. So there are dog blood banks, but they do have nine lives
 There are dog blood banks, which is great for dogs
 But there are very few for cats because for a cat to give blood takes a lot of the cat's blood
 And it's just a very it's harder to do, right?
 But if your cat needs a blood transfusion it can take some dog blood
 But then it develops antibodies to the dog blood after the first time it gets some
 So the second time you give it a transfusion it will it may react very badly and could die
 But basically there will be cats walking around right now, which are half dog and dogs if you're listening
 Please donate today. Yeah, you know, you could be saving a cat's life
 That's not the way to advertise it to dogs, actually
 Um, I love that we have classical sort of dog people and cat people right
 My favorite example of it is that the fact that that made it in to the webster's dictionary the original in 1928
 So yeah, webster, he did an he did an initial dictionary, which was in 1806
 And in it he used the exact same phrase to describe a dog in a cat, which is just a domestic animal
 However, when he published his dictionary in 1828 he defined a dog as a species of quadrupeds belonging to the genus canis
 And many varieties as the mastiff the hound the spaniel the shepherd's dog the terrier the harrier
 Keeps going on with cats
 He describes the cat as it is a deceitful animal and when enraged extremely spiteful
 That's it
 Really thought in did you guys think he meant in the dictionary he was going to have cat person and dog person?
 Webster was a dog person. Yeah, he clearly was
 That's brilliant
 James cat cat person clearly
 Actually really a neither person I think but I've had a cat forced upon me. Okay. Oh, okay. You're a people person
 I wouldn't say that
 I'm uh, you're barely you're barely a person. I'm a bacterial phage person
 Yes, finally
 Someone will stick up for those guys
 Okay, that's it that is all of our facts
 Thank you so much for listening if you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of
 This podcast we can all be found on our various social media accounts
 I'm on instagram on at shriberland james. My instagram is no such thing as james harkin andy. I'm on twitter at andrew hunter
 And anna we're on instagram at no such thing as a fish or twitter at no such thing
 Or you can email podcast at qi.com. Yep, or go to our website
 No such thing as a fish dot com all of our previous episodes are up there
 There's a link to our secret club club fish where you'll find lots of bonus material and ad-free episodes
 So check that out and also you will find a link to the dates to all of our upcoming tour
 Thundernerds we are going out back into the world. We're going to be over in australia in new zealand. We're going to be in the uk
 We're going to ireland. It's very exciting if you want to come along and see a live podcast recording
 Do get tickets now
 Otherwise just come back here next week where we will be back with another episode and we'll see you then
 Goodbye
 That was really good guys. Oh, it was great. I feel like the rest is politics. Don't have to worry too much
 Shady
 You
 (upbeat music)
 you
