 "Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, Anatozhinsky
 and James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go.
 Starting with James."
 My fact this week is that hagfish can eat by sitting inside the dinner and absorbing
 the nutrients through the skin.
 It isn't that amazing.
 Wouldn't that be incredible if you could just sit inside your curry and just eat the food
 like that?
 Maybe some foods it would be worse for or messier for.
 Go on.
 The way if you have to get inside a sausage before eating it, do you think you're very big
 outside?
 I think it's going to be messy almost whatever food you're climbing inside.
 You're true.
 I think with a sausage you might just rub it against your skin rather than climbing
 and strapping it.
 Strap the sausage to yourself.
 I think so and then it'll only absorb it.
 That's what I would do if I was a hagfish.
 That's a good idea.
 I'd like to see a hagfish eating a sausage because they look a bit like a long sausage.
 You wouldn't know what was going to be what.
 I should probably explain what a hagfish is, shouldn't I?
 It kind of looks like an eel and it is most famous among people on the internet for creating
 loads and loads of slime.
 That's what they do.
 Basically when they're threatened they create this incredible amount of slime and it stops
 them from being able to be eaten.
 But the way that they eat they have a few different ways of eating.
 They can rasp things with their tongue, they've got extremely hard tongues that can rub against
 some meat and bring it into the digestive system or they can actually just absorb it through
 their skin.
 Actually weirdly enough the skin one is a slightly better way of them getting nutrients.
 It is.
 It is bizarre.
 It is better for them to absorb food or they can do it faster or more effectively.
 They can do it so much.
 They can do it more efficiently.
 You know what I thought?
 I was thinking about this.
 Why don't we all just absorb food through our skin?
 Why do we have it through our stomach?
 I don't know if this is right but I did wonder if maybe if you eat a sandwich and it goes
 inside your stomach then no one else can get at it once it's in your stomach, you're
 new to eating it.
 But if you sell it to your face then someone might be able to come and steal it off you
 so maybe that's one reason why it's better to eat stuff.
 That's what I was thinking.
 If you were sort of sat next to them you could just stick your finger in it and like a straw
 just suck at it.
 I don't think that's the reason.
 Can I just suck at it?
 I don't think that's the reason the stomach evolved.
 Is it not?
 I don't think it is a size thing and that size thing.
 So for example some very small organisms can absorb oxygen directly through their skin
 even some tiny frogs but larger animals have such a large volume in relation to the skin
 area they have that it's inefficient for them to do that.
 It wouldn't be possible to absorb all the, so I think humans might need so many calories
 a day that you couldn't absorb you know 20 sausages a day through your skin.
 I know I'm going to email Ed Young and ask him because I read this fact in an article in
 the Atlantic written by Ed Young and by the way if you have like a few hours or a day or
 a week to spare go on the internet and search for Ed Young and read everything that he's
 ever written because he's a brilliant science writer.
 Oh it's heaven to read his articles yeah so true such a good shout go and read that.
 What do they eat by the way is it dead sharks or is it seeds right in this case yeah in
 this they can eat lots of different things but in this case where they're sitting inside
 something has to be something a lot bigger than them and so it'll be like Anna says probably
 whale carcasses or something like that.
 So they don't have a lower jaw that's the other thing about them they've only got upper
 teeth because they're quite badly put together animals and the only way they can bite something
 is they can tie themselves in knots really easily and they tie a knot at their tail and
 then they work the knot all the way along their body until it gets to where the lower
 jaw would be and that provides a lower surface for them to squeeze their upper jaw against.
 I mean they're really so awkward for saying they also use the knots actually for scraping
 themselves free of slime don't they when they eject all the slime they knot themselves
 up and they've got a knot at their head and they'll pull the knot down to the tail to lose
 the slime.
 It's multi-purpose knots.
 The slime is a real headline I mean the the absorbing stuff is good but the amount of
 slime that they make is incredible.
 It's amazing and the slime that they produce the way that it expands at the rated expands
 is just insane.
 So Jung puts in the article that it can expand by 10,000 times in the fraction of a second
 and there's been cases of that very famous photo actually online of a truck of hagfish
 overturning and covering an entire car and slime the entire road just slime everywhere
 in a second.
 We should say that it's not although the main purpose of this slime is so that they can go
 viral on the internet it has a self purpose of being a very useful protective device so basically
 it's not a single predator with gills is able to consume them because they would be quite
 easily consumable otherwise because they eject this slime and immediately it clogs up
 all of a predator's gills so if you're a shark or something your gills are suddenly clogged
 up you can't breathe anymore and we don't know there's a lot we don't know about hagfish
 but we don't know if this actually kills them because we've seen videos of them get clogged
 up and they swim away and then we don't really know how they'll get the slime off.
 So they're safe from any predators with gills.
 It's mostly water the slime isn't it is 99.996% water and each time they release a bucket
 s worth of slime or a jug of slime it's only 40 milligrams of actual stuff that they
 are giving off from their body mucus and proteins is almost none but it reacts so quickly
 with the water that it generates this massive amount otherwise it would be the slime they
 would have to have this massive slime tank inside them.
 The amount they have inside them is extraordinary in terms of the fibers that then turn into
 the slime so it's sort of two toned slime production equipment they've got these lengths
 of fibers in their body and then they've got some mucus and the length of fiber in their
 body the total length is 20,000 kilometers of fiber.
 So and it comes in these 15 centimeters long threads so lots of these little threads coiled
 up in these tiny little storage boxes inside their body so the thread that means that the
 threads are essentially 10 million times longer than they are wide I think and just coiled
 up.
 I read one explanation of this you might have read the same thing Anna which is it's the
 same as stuffing one kilometer of Christmas lights into a shoe box with that single
 knot or tangle that's because the slime glands are so small and these threads are so numerous.
 Well they're big generally the skin on them so there was a study that was done that was
 showing that in a lot of cases the slime that they released to predators let's say to clog
 their gills is actually released after their bitten and they try to work out how they
 survive after their bitten and it turns out that the metaphor they use is basically their
 skin is like really loose pyjamas like they're just so flabby with extra skin that if you
 injected them with the same volume of stuff that's in them you could get 40% more of them
 into them before their skin starts to stretch that's how loose they are.
 Yeah they're like exhausted with a very massive skin and it's only attached in a few places
 as well as again so that they can avoid being bitten if they get bitten the shark is mostly
 biting skin really yeah and they've also they're the bloodiest animals on the planet
 or close to it so there's 17 milliliters of blood per 100 grams of mass which is a lot.
 At least twice as much as any other fish I think and also apparently they maybe have the blood
 because they need something to fill the space between their flesh and their skin they just
 got to put some liquid in there so they're like well I guess I'll make more blood to fill
 myself up that's so weird it seems so inefficient as a fish to have a loose set of pyjamas
 on. What's going on with the name I wonder? Hagfish because they're not which is snow no I just
 wonder if there's any link between that and Hagrid which is a you know that's a word for
 bedeviled by witches isn't it or that was the origin of the name Hagrid yeah I think it's just it
 goes back to the 1603 or something it's really what quite a long time and it is just because they
 thought they were ugly although it would have been a worse series of books if a giant Hagfish
 had turned up and slimed Harry Potter. How are you choking? A Hagfish in Harry Potter would
 absolutely turn the figure lights wouldn't it? It would be brilliant. It does seem like a missed
 opportunity for a great superhero the Hagfish just I can't believe I mean it's amazing that this
 is the one fish that nothing can eat. Well no no anything with our gills can eat it. Yeah of course
 it's going to eat it happily. South Koreans can eat it. Obviously that gills that's one of the
 first things everyone knows about people in South Korea. Yeah they huge popular there they eat about
 was it five million pounds of Hagfish meat every year. Wow and you get Hagfish wallets? You do don't
 you. Those have a very useful adaptation because obviously if someone tries to mug you it immediately
 sweats. This is a gloop and the mugger it's unable to actually grip your wallet. It's called
 Is eel leather isn't it I think. So if you've got anything this eel skin leather is actually
 hagglish and apparently I read somewhere that it's sort of as a more ethical alternative to
 actual leather. I think on the ethical hierarchy maybe it's sort of as more ethical to get some Hagfish
 than some cow or whatever but say go if you think that's more ethical you should have the Hagfish what?
 It sounds like you don't think it's more ethical. I covered my mind Andy I don't have an opinion
 we just present the facts and we let other people draw their conclusions. Does anyone know
 how Hagfish have sex? Do they tie themselves in knots? Actually Anna's right nobody knows.
 That was the question. Does anyone know how long Hagfish live? It's seven years.
 No again nobody knows how long Hagfish live. Does anyone know why 90% of them appear to be female?
 Another no. It's not interesting like of all the Hagfish that we caught 90% of them are female
 and we don't really know why. It might be that 90% of them are female or it might be that the
 females are easier to catch we don't really know. All that they're all homophrodites but when they
 sense they're about to be caught they throw away their penises. That's equally well. I mean it's
 all equally likely. So supposedly it's really hard to find their eggs and I think this is a bit like
 do you remember we talked about eels and how hard it is to find their gonads but it's supposedly in
 the 20th century scientists found a total of three Hagfish embryos and that was it because they live
 really deep down. Before that there was one man called Bashvardin and in 1896 he found 800 eggs
 including 150 embryos and he is the kind of hero of Hagfish research but he had two main interests
 in life. One of them was Hagfish and Zoology and the other was armour, military armour and when he
 wasn't collecting Hagfish embryos he was obsessed with collecting medieval armour. He started bidding
 in auctions age 9 for medieval stuff and anyway he became a... He was getting too much pocket money
 if that's the age you're bidding in. He did get outbid. He got outbid in his first few but he
 he was he became a museum curator and was it immensely well regarded in his field and then the first
 World War happened and absolutely all the work he'd done over his life paid off because he started
 designing helmets based on medieval military armour because the US Army needed a metal helmet basically
 that would stop bullets and he designed several prototypes. One of them was designed exactly on a 15th
 century Italian knights helmet so it looks like a proper full face visor with a tiny slit for the
 eyes and that was being built in the 20th century because of Bashvardin. So we used medieval helmet
 designs for the First World War because I thought we'd moved on from then. Well it was for people that
 that particular one was for people who were in a forward position say they were in an extremely
 dangerous environment and they needed lots of protection for a short space of time because it was so
 heavy this helmet that it made the helmet weighed six kilos alone. Sorry can I just ask when you say
 he found these 10 million embryos or whatever and we've only ever found three where are we finding them?
 What's it not at Southern Beasts when he was ten years old? He's surprised the story is that he
 collected them from fishermen who had been dangling lines with bait on them and I don't know why
 that couldn't then be just done again but we think maybe they hide their eggs on the floor of the ocean
 or that yeah so there are lots of theories. Do you guys know the US Navy's been experimenting with
 hagfish in warfare? Hmm what's it well for the slime thing off are they getting nutrients? For the slime
 thing. So using the soldiers to climb inside a whale corpse? No not that yeah I'm sure that's on
 the card so they have been trying to use the slime as a non-lethal way of stopping these boats and
 destroying them by chucking it at the propellers of the boats so if you can slime up the propellers
 you would stop their rotors from turning and you would disable the ship entirely. I know they're
 going to extract the slime from hagfish separately or do you just get a big tub of hagfish and then
 shock it at the end of it when they can't do it. Yeah you feel like that could be just that right like
 it's they produce so much but no I think they're synthesizing it I think they're turning it into
 something different. Yeah what they do is they put the jeans that create hagfish slime into
 E. coli bacteria and then the bacteria can create the slime themselves so you can do it on a
 larger sort of manufacturing scale. Seriously yeah nice that feels. And without scraping thousands of
 hagfish off the floor of the ocean I suppose. It's more ethical I would say. It's pretty more
 ethical yeah the bacteria don't think so James. No you're right who will speak for the bacteria if
 not Alan Tishinsky the bacteria spread. Okay it is time for fact number two and that is my fact
 my fact this week is that 1982's time person of the year was the personal computer. The article
 announcing it was written on a typewriter very bizarre. Yeah so this is obviously time have the
 tradition of doing person of the year and this was the first year in which they did machine of the
 year they stepped away from person of the year and they gave it to the computer but the time
 offices in 1982 were still running almost entirely on typewriter as they wouldn't upgrade their
 systems for another year so they were behind the times with their own person of the year.
 Was it do we think it was a hint to the owners you know making it first of the year? Guys we still
 don't have one of these fuckers okay. The article was quite interesting because it referenced Apple's
 first personal computer which was called Lisa but Steve Jobs was really annoyed about it and that's
 because he expected to be named person of the year that year and so he was really annoyed that
 the computer got his title and he was also annoyed because it said that he had a data named Lisa
 but he denied paternity of that data so he was just ultra pissed off with that. He was really bad
 in that article. Steve Jobs the way he denied the paternity he said that 28% of the male population
 of the United States could be the father of this child deemed unlikely though but they have to
 say unlikely yeah. Why did he say that? He took a paternity test which showed that there was 94%
 chance that it was his game time. Oh I see because the way that you said it sounded like he was
 been unbelievably misogynistic about his ex part. That's true. Slept with all like pretty much
 every sexually active man in the entire country. That's so true I should have yeah I should have
 qualified. That's absolutely what I took it as but that's not necessarily a negative that's
 actually incredibly impressive. That's what he meant. So time person of the year is an interesting
 concept and also has not been time person of the year for very long so in fact at this time when
 it was time computer of the year it wasn't replacing the time person of the year tradition it was
 time man of the year. So it only got changed to time person of the year I think in 1999 before that it
 was always time man of the year except we should say three crucial occasions since the 1920s when an
 individual woman got time woman of the year. So Wallace Simpson got it 1936 and that was obviously
 because she's shagged up shagducking. And then in 1981 it was that woman who had sex with a hundred
 million men in America wasn't it? We were just so impressed. Between 1927 and 1999 when they
 changed it to person of the year individual woman won it the same number of times as Franklin D.
 Roosevelt the US president. Wow yeah. That's correct. Three is yeah. It was it was it was Queen Elizabeth
 as you say Wallace Simpson and the president of the Philippines. But it's not always good to get
 you know if you get it doesn't mean it's a mark of high standards. No no no and I think the point is
 because I think people have said this is a sexist award and it's not time magazine is just
 reflecting who has power and influence and what it reflected was that women had no power and
 influence and shamefully the third person who got it was Karazan Akino who was president of the
 Philippines who I knew nothing about but who was a definite good guy and what she did she over
 through Ferdinand Marcos I established kind of democracy in the Philippines or tried to and she
 got it in 1986 but it is a bad thing in that it shows what a I guess still milled world we live in.
 Yeah so 1998 which is I guess the final year where it was man of the year it was given to two men
 which was Bill Clinton and Ken Star and Clinton not for good reasons it was for his role in the
 Clinton impeachment but the thing is is that in theory it should have gone to someone very different
 that year because they held their first online poll where they asked members of the public who do
 you think should be the man of the year and the winner with over 50% of the votes was a WWF
 wrestler called Mick Foley who plays a character called mankind who wears Mr. Socko a sock puppet on
 his hand and throws himself off high cages he got 50% of the vote but he was then pulled from the
 poll and they gave it to someone else but it turns out that the poll doesn't reflect who they give it to
 anyway it's a useless poll. Sure that's what they claimed after the poll when he won it we were never
 going to make this decide. Yeah that's so fun. That should have been the warning about Donald Trump
 shouldn't it that long ago and democracy the inevitable decline of democracy that we're seeing
 today when people are voting for a WWF wrestler no offense I know you like WWF dad. Yeah Mick Foley's
 amazing. I think it was when Bell and Sebastian won a Bretter world for best newcomer instead of steps
 and that was done by the public I think that was when it all went wrong. Well look we've all got
 our moments where the rocks settle in our opinion. We can all just agree it's bad and weirdly
 that you mentioned Donald Trump because he's obviously got loads of history with Time Magazine so
 he was told off by Time Magazine for making up his own Time Magazine cover and putting it on the
 wall of his golf club. The magazine pointed out look at the date that you've put on this fake
 magazine Kate Winslet was actually on the cover and Trump has also claimed that he's been on the
 cover more times than anybody else which is not true. This is not person of the is just the cover
 of the magazine but it is a US president who's been on the front more than anyone else. Do you know who?
 Oh Baba. Oh Nixon. It's Nixon is rich Nixon he's been on about 55 times something crazy like that.
 Yeah actually it was Nixon's successor of course who was one of the only three presidents US
 presidents who haven't been time person of the old time man of the year since it started so
 embarrassing and the first two were very early on so the first two were Coolidge and Hoover and we've
 talked about how relevant Coolidge was before and I think one of my favorite Dorothy Parker quotes
 when she was told that he died and she said something like how can they tell and so Coolidge and
 Hoover were pretty crap and then the other person the other poor president who didn't get on there ever
 was Gerald Ford and I hadn't realized about Gerald Ford that so famously he never won a US election
 of course he just stepped in as the replacement when Nixon had to go but he stepped in because he
 was VP I hadn't realized that he hadn't even won the election as VP the only reason he was vice
 president was that in 1973 Spira Agnew who had been vice president had to resign on completely
 different fraud and bribery related charges and so he stepped in as the default replacement as
 vice president and then found himself as the default replacement as president wow and really it's
 no surprise that he never quite met at the time person yeah I think the biggest slam in the time
 person of the year is from 2006 when the winner was you which basically means everyone was the winner
 and it was because people were you know making lots of content on the internet but then the runner
 up was president after dinner jadaviran so what I think that means is he doesn't count of the you
 part so everyone else in the world came first and he came second so the you the only people who
 qualify to be part of the you are people who were content providers before 2006 so that means
 if you had a my space account for example yes you uploaded anything then you qualify so I know that
 definitely three of us must qualify Anna have you even heard of the internet in 2006 look I was
 joined with up with dinner at second place and I'm comfortable with that okay um do you know
 started off as a mistake the time man of the year or it started off to rectify a mistake the
 magazine had made they were really embarrassed because in 1927 Charles Lindbergh crossed the Atlantic
 flew across it very big deal first time and they didn't put it on the cover they just completely
 flubbed it they put a picture of King George the Fifth and his wife in costume on the cover instead
 that week huge editorial blunder and they thought at the end of the year hey you know what we could do
 we could just say we've been saving up to call him the man of the year and that was how they started
 wow and the the profile of him is hilarious in that magazine because obviously there was still
 working out the form so the profile had you know word colon and that you know so they had feet
 large because when he arrived at the embassy in France there were no shoes big enough for him
 oh I thought you meant feet as an f-e-a-t I said what he did was the extreme we large feet
 no they they listed his habits they said smokes not drinks not does not gamble
 eats a thorough going breakfast avoids rich dishes they just went on like this
 these don't feel like the leading elements of Charles Lindbergh's character do they
 large feet not smoke they also described him as a very taciturn person all the adjectives with
 things like modesty taciturnity diffidence women made in blush apparently singleness of purpose
 occasional curtness and flim although we do refer to being flagnastic these days we very rarely say
 that someone had he was he was part man part hackfish just the just back on computers for a second
 I was reading about the Lisa so this was the computer that was given as part of the machine of
 the year and Lisa had a problem so you know the Y2K problem yeah have you guys heard of the Y1995
 problem no why 1995 so this was Lisa for the same reasons that all computers had the problem with Y2K
 the Lisa computer only had a 15 year time limit so it was launched in 1981 for some reason they
 backdated its time limit to 1980 and it only had 15 years to run before the clock freaked out and so
 that was a big problem for the Lisa computer it's not like Apple to create a product that becomes
 obsolete and that's true and that's why it wasn't a problem in the end that's why we haven't heard
 of the Y1995 and 1982 as well the first computer virus that went through personal computers from
 one to another to another there were a few viruses before that but this was the big one it was called
 the elk cloner and it was invented by Rich Screnta who was a 15 year old student and it's spread by
 floppy disk so he would put a game on a floppy disk give it to his friend and they would put it into
 their computer and after 50 times they played the game they get a blank screen and then a poem would
 come up saying it will get on all your disks it will infiltrate your chips yes it's the cloner
 and then it found itself a little place to live in your computer and then the next time you put
 another floppy disk on it would go on there and it's spread by floppy oh wow think about 15
 year olds is they're very good with computers but often they don't have a way with work what do you
 mean I haven't told you the second stands yet because it will stick to you like glue it will
 modify RAM 2 send in the cloner I think we can all agree he was the W.H. Jordan of the 1980s
 just one other thing that I found on computers specifically in 1982 for the first time ever a movie
 Tron had used computers to do CGI but they weren't nominated for an Oscar at that year's Oscars
 because the Academy saw it as cheating to have used a computer so no nomination and the best
 special effects went to ET for that device calling across the moon wow pretty that's pretty good
 and because they didn't use special effects they did manage to actually get someone to
 bicycle across the moon and then film it didn't they yeah they fired to them out of a massive cannon
 didn't they yeah that's small child what they did was that was a real moonshot that they'd taken
 and they used the load of charts and stuff to work out exactly when the best shot of a moon would be
 and where they had to go to America and they shot this amazing real scene and then they put green
 screen to put someone like a model of a bike going in front of it wait hang on because when you say
 moonshot moonshot has a different meaning doesn't it doesn't it doesn't it moonshot is oh this
 is a real moonshot you know it's just one one and a million attempt to do something I seem to
 meant it was a bare bottom I don't I haven't seen ET but I don't think it's a massive bare bottom that's
 that the you haven't seen ET you just told us an amazing story about the most famous shot in the
 entire film yeah well I I know all about it why would I watch it now I'm joke about I haven't seen
 that obviously like no that is criminal I'm just still shocked sometimes when you say that
 you haven't because I know you watch lots of films which are modern films yeah but I haven't
 watched them yeah I haven't seen either I feel like I'm too old I haven't seen ET I have to give
 you fair trade that same reaction yeah you can't see ET done I've seen at least three times on
 covering us all don't worry Andy nice I hope they don't give time perst of the air for everyone who's
 watched ET okay it is time for fact number three that is Anna my fact this week is that it
 ought to decide which direction to go and preach every day Franciscan spun round and round until
 they were so dizzy that they fell over and then went in whichever way their head was pointing
 this was just this was just a group of early Franciscan preachers so in the early 1200s who got into
 this and I learned this this is kind of transgressing in a way that we haven't transgressed before I'm
 bringing the adverts into the podcast because I learned this on a great courses course oh my god
 separate advertising believe that the rest of us do this I'm getting huge amount not to share
 this fact it's not even true no look I'm sorry I'm listening to this amazing lecture series it's by
 a guy called flip di leader who's it's a lecture series on the high middle ages and there was this
 bit about Franciscan monks and they are fascinating so the reason that they preached in this way was
 because they didn't really believe in planning for the future they thought that was all very sinful
 because God should decide what you do it's up to God everything you do and planning from the
 future is like you saying I know better than God and so you know they mustn't choose which direction
 they walk in they'll leave it to God and it was actually portrayed in a film wasn't it which I've
 never seen but I really want to call the flowers of St. Francis a Rosalini film where I think some
 Franciscans do it at some point I think St. Francis does it and in that I'm not showing that movie but
 the flowers of St. Francis was like pretty much a biography of St. Francis wasn't it yeah and so they
 say that he did it and that's why his followers did it right yeah yeah some Francis sounds like an
 interesting dude yeah apparently would sometimes strip to his pants while preaching his undergarments
 I'm not sure I don't think they had M and S. Y. France back in the day but he would give his clothes
 away and he played I haven't been able to find a more information about this he played a kind of
 proto guitar while preaching which have been condemned by the authorities and he played his own
 songs on it and he encouraged basically the red hot chili peppers isn't he getting down to his
 pants and playing a guitar in front of a massive crowd yeah I never thought of him like that but yeah
 I don't think he thought of himself like that yeah he was strange he converted according to one
 story when a crucifix spoke to him just hanging out in a church a crucifix said hey you need to go
 and rebuild this church roof so he thought well yeah the crucifix has told me I'll do it and he went
 and begged for money and stones to do that and his parents were very embarrassed by his crazy
 behaviour and his stripping down to his underwear and did a lot of weird stuff so when trying to
 work out what rules to include in the Franciscan order for his monks he just got a Bible and again
 because he loved the randomness he just said well randomly opened the Bible on three pages and the
 first three things we see will have them as the rules and fortunately they were quite good things
 even I think he must have done that a few times because the Bible is a very big book with a lot of
 craze yeah so weird shit yeah only everyone 13 goats on a Tuesday that we have to go and attack the
 K tonight a lot of his early attempts failed that's really interesting he didn't used to just
 exclusively preach to humans either he would preach to animals he would preach to birds yeah that's
 why he's famous for isn't it the most famous thing but really oh glad to glad to mention the
 most famous thing yeah he wants persuaded a wolf to stop attacking some locals the he came to an
 agreement whereby they would feed the wolf but that was due to his his great communication skills
 with animals I literally all I knew about him before this research was is sort of an image of a guy
 with a bird landing on his outstretched hand yeah the page of all these animals he went to the
 Middle East to try and stop the crusades from happening very bullsy he visited Saladin's nephew
 who was in charge of the defense against the Christian invaders and they spent a week talking and
 I had a really good summit about all sorts of stuff and Saladin's nephew was very impressed with him
 and then Francis went to speak to the cardinal who was in charge of the invasion effort cardinal
 pelagia's galvani and said look I've had a great summit with this guy and I think maybe you should
 call off this crusade and it did not work all right yeah so he went to the wrong guy he just got
 pissed with an nephew an irrelevant nephew for a week and then had his attempts rejected he
 um but he was a bit naive I think he sent a bunch of friends get some monks to go preaching in
 Germany so this was in Italy that the order started he sent 60 of his members to go preaching in
 Germany but because he weren't supposed to really plan for the future and you just had to trust
 to God he said you don't need to learn German because if God wants you you will and so they turned up
 and they picked up that yeah was a thing that meant yes and that was it and so it was all fine
 while people were saying hey are you nice guys do you want a drink and they were like yeah yeah
 and then when they said are you guys heretics you guys criminals and they kept going yeah yeah
 and they all ended up sort of being arrested and then they turned to it they shut what they
 should have done is got a guide book and then opening it on a random page and just said whatever
 it said on the guide book I think we've got me asking my patient number right
 favorite thing that I read about Francis so one of the things that we have actually mentioned
 before is that he's accredited with creating the first nativity scene in case you missed that
 episode ages ago he's responsible for that used live animals to do it but my favorite thing is
 that he wants had to put a stop to something which was the dead body of a dead Franciscan was performing
 too many miracles and it was causing traffic jams in the town basically where it was happening
 because just all these miracles kept happening so people kept coming so he had to pray for the miracles
 to stop because it was too chaotic and they did yeah that kind of miracles was it just like a hippopotamus
 appears in the middle of the road I don't know I guess it's someone who suddenly walk again
 you know that kind of stuff when you go near something that's of religious importance and so this
 was a no that's jumanji you're thinking right yes this is in james jumanji was a 1995 film much like
 ET I've watched jumanji it was came out last year oh my a heretic yeah this was a Franciscan
 called pita katini and this was in 1220 what kind of traffic jams could you have in 1220 I
 know I got human traffic I guess it was just it was not good for the area you can have a cart jam there
 was actually there was a cart filled with handfish slime three cars the Franciscans themselves they
 got in trouble in 2001 for hiring a Milanese fashion designer to redesign their habit oh really
 they said the old one is too heavy and it was cliched that's fair isn't it I think I mean I guess
 whether cliched or not shouldn't be a worry when you're a monk yeah I think the point of Franciscans
 being entirely anti materialist and you know you don't really want to have any physical possession
 is to deploy a Milanese fashion designer well the new one they said it was meant to be simpler
 cleaner more dynamic and professional and it also had a breast pocket for a mobile phone
 and the other orders were very envious of the Franciscans but there was a bit of a kerfuffle about
 it here's another cliche about monks is the tonsure which is their haircut so they have like hair
 just going around the side of their head don't they and then it's all bowled on top and the reason
 that they have that is because they want to replicate the crown of thorns that Jesus was but there's
 loads of different versions of it and the Roman Catholic one is the one that most people won't
 recognize like friar tuck had and stuff that goes around like a crown of thorns but before that
 in Britain they had a Celtic one and it was basically you shaved a triangle in the top of your head
 so you had a massive triangular bold patch at the top of your head and you had no hair everywhere else
 and I just think that that sounds like that's the next thing in Milanese fashion houses isn't it
 a triangular bold patch I had no idea that that was a crown of thorns I thought it was to do with
 I thought it was just genetic male pattern boldness affects monks the same way it affects all of us
 yeah I mean it might be you know like when your sights go bold and then you start shaving your
 head it's like no no it's a crown of thorns honestly and another person with a haircut like that
 willy thorn interesting willy here's the the snooker player it's it's a very niche reference for
 a demographic of listers to those who think is a fish I'm not sure how many of them know who willy
 thorn is but there are a couple of middle age men got foeing in there I found a few other bizarre
 people from that time so St Joseph of Cupertino he's an interesting character much like I was saying
 with the other guy Peter causing traffic with his constant miracles Cupertino had a problem where
 he was constantly flying so he was known as the flying saint and people if they'd mentioned Jesus
 he would just start levitating up and this was a constant thing that would happen and it became a
 problem in his life it was I'm not surprised yeah he is a preacher people are going to be mentioning
 Jesus all the time to him even if someone just hears their thumb with the hammer and says Jesus
 does he start floating yeah it got even worse for him it went if you started mentioning saints
 any saint he would start flying so it became very disruptive to the point where people didn't like it
 and they ostracized him they got rid of him and said you can't be part of this how did they do
 they they just keep going Jesus safe Jesus safe Jesus safe until he floated away so far they
 couldn't see him anymore yeah no he ended up in a monastery and they kept him in a cell by himself
 so he he must have done some other things wrong other than just floated but he's uh yeah so that
 was a problem um all four been kept in a cell as well he must have hit his head on the ceiling
 constantly and obviously once he hits it goes Jesus three hits it it's a horrible loop
 I like the fact that another one of the leading preachers at the time who actually ended up being
 labeled a heretic even though he was basically the same as Francis of Assisi was Waldo
 so wow the Waldenzians uh there was a big search for him wasn't there afterwards
 it was yeah he was always in crowds though right because he tried to huge crowds so
 right another guy St. Dennis have you heard of St. Dennis he had his head chopped off but continued
 to walk and preach afterwards and he was made the patron saint of headaches if you had your head
 cut off yeah would you have phantom head syndrome no I think you'd have phantom body
 syndrome wouldn't you yeah because you're magnus in the head part I don't think he lasted too long
 I think he picked up his head and walked for six kilometers and buried it and then fell down so
 I think he did last quite a long time if that's what he did I think that's much more impressive
 than I could handle that's true uh twirling monks are still a thing to a certain extent
 oh yeah yeah so uh in 2019 last year there was a Buddhist monk uh she was called Master Hu Yen
 she was in Taiwan and she was blessing a temple and you can see footage of her doing us a line
 and she blesses the temple by going along the red carpet up towards it twirling 150 times in a row
 wow unfortunately she then throws up and it's a less spiritual ending to the video than you would
 expect that would be a easier way of doing this some Francis thing wouldn't it it's like whatever
 direction the vomit goes follow it follow follow the fire your gender so there is a modern day
 follower of the Franciscan faith and this is in Brazil it's a lady she's a grandmother in Brazil
 and she as part of her faith would pray to Saint Anthony of Padua apart from her grandchildren
 realized that she wasn't praying to a figurine of Saint Anthony of Padua at all she was praying to
 a figure of Elrond Lord of River Del Lord of the Rings and she'd been praying to this elf every
 single day for a couple of years and it turned out it was just an elf she had lovely pointy years
 at the end of it we need to move on in a sec guys I was just looking into other leading religious figures
 in this period and someone who's particularly amazing is Hildegard of Bingan so I didn't know much about
 her vaguely heard of her but she was this very very influential Christian mystic and she sort of
 traveled around a lot very unusual for a woman to independently travel around and used to draw
 these huge crowds she was a rock star and she was a composer she's actually the only person really
 whose music we still play from the Middle Ages so it's still played in song today and she was a
 philosopher she's like the founder of German natural history she was amazing and she was very religious
 none but she also invented her own language and I think it's the first person we have evidence of
 doing kind of what we did with Esperanto which is trying to invent a perfect language a new alphabet
 and we've got this whole glossary of her language that she wrote in it's over a thousand words
 and she just made up this language it's full of seds and it's really weird stuff like she's got a
 specific word for great great great great great grandfather and she's got you know drunkards
 vaginas urine she's made up her whole name she covered all the main the main subjects my drunk
 great great great great grandfather's got a vagina she could say that yeah and it's full of urine
 okay it is time for our final fact of the show and that is Andy my fact is that in 2004 a Canadian
 cheese maker dropped fifty thousand dollars worth of cheese into a lake to make it taste better
 but then lost the cheese oh no I know okay so that could possibly be like the most tasty bit of
 cheese that's ever been made and we'll never find it I know after 15 years in the lake is
 probably approaching its peak so this was a Canadian cheese maker he ran a from a jury called
 La from a jury Boava he dropped 800 kilos of cheese into the water of this lake in 2004
 and he let it sit there for a year and he was really confident that it would be delicious once it
 had a bit of lake treatment but they started looking for it it wasn't in the spot they left it in
 and then they ramped up the search a bit so they started sending in divers and
 then they sent in some tracking equipment after three dives they still hadn't found the cheese
 and the cheese maker was called Luke Boava he said it got too expensive at some point you can't be
 crazy and they just called off the search so this is a phantom cheese that the world will never get
 to it so the reason that they thought to put all this cheese in the water is actually because
 a fisherman had come to them a few years earlier and said that he'd found a bit of their cheese
 at the bottom of a lake now I don't know how that bit of cheese got there but he's found it
 and the first thing he thought when he got this cheese out of the lake is I'll just try it and see
 what it's like and he said it was the most tasty cheese that he'd ever had and so obviously this
 framachery guy thought well I'll just put all the rest of my cheese in the water
 this is the complex science on which framagia's depend is just the random word of a crazy
 fisherman who eats cheese off the bottom of the lake basically he just right the hag fish off
 and also they should have seen it coming right because wasn't the lake called a bada ha ha
 yes it's one of the few places in the world which has punctuation in the name of the place because
 ha ha has exclamation marks after it yeah yeah even if they had found the cheese there is
 serious doubt of whether they would have been able to sell it because the Canadian food inspection
 agency are real sticklers about just put dropping food in a lake and then selling it to the
 public and they said yeah we would have needed to check this throughout its age and process
 yeah and then they interviewed afterwards one of the divers who was looking for the cheese
 a guy called Mr. Daffour and they said are you know are you not a bit sad that you didn't find the
 cheese he's like no I'm really optimistic because the Titanic sank in 1912 and it was only found
 in 1985 so as far as he's concerned there's still plenty of time to find this cheese
 I like the idea that the Oscar winning film in the year 2060 is going to be a film called Bravan's
 Cheese where they finally read the giant cheese from the bottom of the way I would have thought
 that would be better than Titanic because I haven't seen Titanic but surprise surprise you know
 what's going to happen at the end don't you whereas in this cheese it's an actual mystery of what
 happens at the end and I read also an article this was in was in 2005 Andy and so obviously in 2005
 it was quite a slow news yeah and so it was in the news a fair amount and then afterwards they said
 that he was going to do it again and he was going to fit the cheddar with a tracking device
 so but then I couldn't find if he's actually done it and there's nothing on his website to say that
 he's done it so I don't know maybe he looked back to that quote that Andy gave us where he said
 at a certain point of crazy you've got to realize you've got to stop and turn around and he
 reflected a little bit on that he's the one million dollar multi beam sonar device to find this cheese
 what because amazing it's absolutely amazing it's basically the Canadian Nessie is this cheese yeah
 there is lots of when you're probing cheese or when you're trying to do experiments on cheese so
 there has been a new method developed in the last year in Uruguay Uruguay and scientists
 developed a method to non-destructively probe emintel cheese which is massive news for the industry
 does emintel have holes in it it does so surely it's easy to probe without destroying it you just go
 through one of the holes no there aren't holes on the outside because obviously it's right and I think
 you knew that and you were teasing me basically you need to measure when the eyes as they call the holes
 are big enough and when they're at the right size the cheese is ripe and if it's too long then the
 eyes all merge into each other the cheese collapses disaster so you make a batch of cheese and to measure
 it normally you would need to sacrifice a wheel of cheese every time that's a lesser known bit of
 the Bible isn't it where they sacrifice a wheel of cheese Abraham it's a god I won't give you my son
 but I will give you this baby bell so anyway so normally you need to as I say sacrifice one of your
 precious cheeses every time you want to measure the bubble size but these Uruguay and scientists have
 invented a kind of magic cheese hammer it's kind of a sonic electrical probe which allows you to
 tell from the sound it's like a tuning fork if you like for cheese but they're very specialist
 instruments obviously and you need a lot of training to tell from the sound whether a cheese is ripe
 but the new method is an electrical hammer which allows any old schmo who doesn't have years of
 training and expertise to tell the writers of the cheese without destroying it so this is big news
 I was in a cheese shop the other day no the other month in France when real hard to go outside
 and they had like the back room you could look into the back room and they had all the massive
 wheels of cheese you know like they're really really expensive aren't they and they use them as like
 lone collateral and stuff like that and it was just really amazing to see how big these massive
 wheels of cheese are because they're absolutely huge how big we're talking give us an animal
 I would say 350 weasels wow thank you that's huge that's done nothing for me
 is that an elephant what is that could we not pick one animal is that it's kind of a big really big
 big yeah or a small pony like a shetland pony but if you squashed it down into a circle yeah
 you cut your legs off you're bending the legs into the body and then making it into a circle either way
 I think the authorities will be taking a close interest I'm actually the most interesting Canadian
 cheese I could find was a giant cheese the mammoth cheese this was prepared for the Chicago
 world's fur of 1893 but it came from Canada from Ontario which is one of its biggest cheese
 producing provinces and it weighed 9900 kilos which I was trying to see what that was the equivalent
 of and it's the equivalent of 144 average sized women how many is that in weasels
 you're gonna have to do the weasels to women conversion yourself that it's amazing it was an
 amazing undertaking they used milk from dairies all over the country all over Canada and they had
 a special railway car made because the first one they put it on it just fell through the bottle
 wow so they had to transport it by this railway from Ontario to Chicago and they had a cheese
 timetable which they sent ahead to all the stations so everyone in the stations between the two
 places flocked to their station when they checked the timetable for when the cheese was pulling in
 so that they could come and see it and by the time it got to Chicago it had so many thousands of
 signatures on it from the people who come to see it on the cheese on the blin and cheese they had to
 it was on the grind yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah but that's still pretty so gross while the cheese
 was going on the train people were running alongside it signing it or it sounds like it must have
 stopped at the stations but I don't think anyone was boarding and it wouldn't have been a sold train
 just for the cheese you'd have a carriage for it wouldn't you would do no they probably just had
 a carriage you wouldn't send a whole train and just have all the other carriages empty and just
 one cheese in one carriage but also equally you wouldn't be like sat in carajay or be of a train
 and they have to climb around the massive cheese to get to the buffet cart that's true that is the
 buffet cart is it yeah what year was it Sanna? 1893 1893 okay because I found another mammoth cheese
 from 1866 which has also shipped around to Toronto in New York and I only know about it because of
 a famous poem that was running about it do you guys know the cheese poet of Canada? No
 this is a guy called James McIntyre acknowledged to be one of the worst poets ever he's born in the
 early 1800s and he was a poet but no one knew this until after he died he only got fame because he
 was included in collections with titles like very bad poetry which got him famous and his most famous
 poem is called ode to the mammoth cheese weighing over seven thousand pounds and as it is at James
 read some poetry I'll give you a quick extract we have seen the queen of cheese lying quietly at your
 ease gently fined by evening breeze thy fair form no flies dare seize all galley dressed soon you'll go
 to the provincial show to be admired by many a bow in the city of torrentu
 so to the mammoth cheese weighing over seven thousand pounds that is brilliant yeah that's another
 one that should have started to compete another Canadian cheese craft you know craft cheese
 so just like this there Canadian and the guy who invented craft cheese was Canadian he invented
 pasteurized cheese which everyone wanted to call embalmed cheese when he first invented it
 because all the cheese makers thought you can't have this kind of industrial process making cheese
 it should only be our special cheeses that we make that you can sell and so you're going to have
 to call it embalmed cheese and then in the end they had to call it processed cheese of course
 but he fought against that and he had a business partner he was going to go out of business
 but he decided to have a business partner and he made Jesus Christ his business partner this is
 on the craft website if you go on there oh I didn't think Jesus had a very good head for business
 did you not say Jesus Christ I didn't say Jesus Christ but that's what he remarked himself as
 no it's on the website it says that basically he was doing really badly and then he decided to make
 Jesus Christ his business partner he gave 25% of his personal profits to the church and suddenly
 everything picked up and he became really really popular and then a few years later he brought in
 his brother's Charles Herbert Frederick Norman and John into the business wow what a slam for the
 brother who's been invited after Jesus Christ we have God to thank for craft I was actually reading
 a there was a book written by a random guy who visited the craft family a few years ago and the
 family tradition says it's been passed down that the reason he got the inspiration to pair up with
 God slash Jesus as his business partner was when he was just he was selling cheese in Canada like
 one trotting around the streets in his cheese cart and the donkey that was pulling the wagon from
 which he was selling turned around to him and told him they had to make things right with God
 and get him involved in the company and it was only after the donkey spoke to him that
 he went into this very lucrative business partnership talking donkey it's basically Shrek
 I mean I haven't seen Shrek but I think there is a topic donkey in it isn't there so annoying
 that you're basically with all the film references that is amazing we're going to have to wrap up
 in a second anyone got anything else they want to add before we do I like the the cyclops in the
 Odyssey basically ran a cheese factory just looking at old cheeses so he um if you look at the
 Odyssey from a different angle then Odysseus is really the villain here so he goes with all his
 men to the cyclops as big caves and so you probably know that the cyclops had a big sheep farm
 because the way they all escaped at the end is by clinging to the underside of this sheep as they
 counted out of the caves but basically all these men snuck into the cyclops as caves and they
 found that the cyclops has been milking all of his sheep and then keeping storing the milk in his caves
 kind of like rock forest is stored in order to mature into cheese and so they sort of stole the cheese
 from the caves and escaped but I just love the fact that the cyclops was just a cheese farmer
 that story honestly the cyclops is the good guy and that story isn't he because they yeah they
 blind him he's only got one item to begin with and they blind him and then they steal all of his
 stuff I always hated that story you know they blind him so they hide underneath the sheep so they
 can't feel him because he feels the top of the sheep doesn't he I don't know I think that's sneaky
 and not very nice he is going to eat them isn't he are you specifically says when I come back
 I'm going to kill you and he's just nature but that's because they've eaten all of his cheese he's
 got nothing left to put in his images I think the theory is that it's um it's feta or that it's a
 kind of proto-feta if it's a cheese feta I think so yeah I weirdly don't know the story we've talked about
 it on this podcast I love that you do though James I love that there's a period where you stop
 taking stuff in but then you're far back and up and you pick it up again yeah
 it's very exciting we've just told you the story in such a weird order now I wonder what your head
 is like trying to piece together this is like moving the mental that I haven't seen where everything's
 in a weird order now okay that's it that is all of our facts thank you so much for listening if
 you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we said over the course of
 this podcast we can be found on our Twitter accounts I'm on at Shriverland Andy at Andrew Hunter
 M James James Harkin and Anna you can email podcasts at qi.com yep you can go to our group account which
 is at no such thing or go to our website no such thing as a fish.com you'll find links up there to
 all of our previous episodes and bits and merchandise to buy as well as ever we hope you're doing
 well we hope you're all healthy and safe and we'll be back again next week with another episode we'll
 see you then good bye
