 Do you know what it would have worked as this?
 Do you know what it would have worked as this?
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 This is the show where you send us a load of amazing facts and then we marvel at how great
 they are.
 We give a little bit of extra material and then we do a little bit of extra stuff at the
 end where we give away custodian ship of some of our old facts.
 There's so much to get through that I think we should just get going.
 Andrew Hunter Murray, Dan Schreiber, which of you will go first.
 I'll go first.
 This is a fact that is sent into us by James Udell and it is the artist behind the famous
 dogs playing poker paintings.
 Also once wrote a comic opera about an anthropomorphic giant mosquito.
 Wow.
 I wish I could remember his name Cassius Marcellis Coolidge.
 It's Cassius Marcellis something.
 I can't remember a surname.
 I know it's the same as a president, it'll come to me, it'll come to me.
 He's a fascinating guy.
 I can't remember if we've spoken about him on the show before.
 No, I don't think we've ever discussed the dogs playing poker pictures.
 They're probably parodied more than you see the originals.
 Would you reckon?
 Yeah, that's true.
 Something tells me of this guy.
 Did he invent those sort of cardboard cutouts that you get at the fairground that you put
 your head through?
 I feel like he's--
 This is what's amazing.
 Yes.
 He is certainly the person that is credited with popularising it to the point where it became
 a big thing.
 If you go to the seaside and it's missing its head and you stand behind it, that's the
 man behind the dog poker playing.
 I love those things.
 Yeah.
 James, that is stunning knowledge.
 I've got to say.
 That's really impressive.
 Isn't that extraordinary?
 Two seminal things that we sort of don't know the names of, but we all know.
 Yeah.
 I just think it's like there being someone who invented benches.
 You just think there's no way that a technology like bits that the beach where you put your head
 through the hole would get someone to take a funny fit.
 There's no way that has a named inventor.
 I can imagine.
 You would go to the Lasco caves in southern France and you would walk into the cave and
 there would be a little bit of a hole and if you put your head through it, then it looks
 like you're spearing some buffaloes.
 Yes.
 You feel like it must be as old as that, right?
 Exactly.
 Exactly.
 Can we get one of those for the office?
 Well, what do you mean?
 What do you mean?
 It will be our bodies that other people can put their heads in or are we going to get
 some bodies of other famous podcastes that we put our heads in or something?
 Okay.
 I was thinking it's our bodies and we put our heads through, but we put them to the
 way, wait, we put them through the wrong heads and that's a funny image for a tour post
 or something.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Unfortunately, I would say that our bodies are not distinguishable enough.
 Yes.
 You know, it's not like one of us is a farmer and one of us is a motorbike or one of us is
 a builder.
 Exactly.
 One of us is a woman.
 Yeah.
 So that one would work, but then the others, I see just three middle aged men with like bodies
 that are feasible.
 Yeah, and we can't have one where three of us have put our head through the Anna head
 hole and Anna's put her head through the three holes of the feasible middle aged men bodies.
 Wow.
 Middle aged.
 That's the first time anyone's caught me in middle age.
 Really?
 Come on.
 Yes, really?
 You've had the brain of a middle aged man for at least 20 years.
 Yeah, my spirit, but that's different to my body.
 I've had the body of a young, a young Paul Newman for a long time.
 I thought again, showing the mind, who's a beef cake?
 Who's a home?
 Paul Newman.
 Should we do another fact?
 Yeah.
 I've got one here.
 This is from Veronica Alfano from Sydney, Australia, pretty cool.
 And Veronica writes, I thought you might be interested in a little fish fact about an amazing
 19th century figure, and Veronica presents it as a riddle, okay?
 So there is a poet named Michael Field, who is neither a man nor a woman, nor a non-binary
 person.
 How can this be?
 Is it a field?
 An actual field?
 That's not field.
 Field.
 That's good.
 You're thinking the right way, though.
 The one that over me, like a cloud, well, it must be an animal, I would say.
 Is it not?
 Not an animal.
 Oh, do you remember that we've actually done this on the show, so I doubt it's this, but
 do you remember the person who created a poetry machine or a haiku machine?
 Oh, yeah.
 Like it, but it was a steam-unkey one that it was before computers.
 The Latin hexameter.
 That's the one.
 That's the one.
 With the very beard episode.
 That was so good.
 No, it's not like that.
 Okay.
 I'll say.
 I'll just give you one clue.
 It's two names.
 Michael Field.
 Therefore.
 Two people.
 Very good.
 It's two people.
 But it's Michael Field is a very interesting poet because he, quote unquote, was two women Catherine
 Bradley and Edith Cooper, aka Bradley Cooper.
 Interesting.
 They lived in the second half of the 19th century.
 Okay.
 Veronica says they were lovers and life partners.
 They were also aunt and niece.
 Hmm.
 Wow.
 Quite striking.
 That is.
 I would say.
 They wrote a lot of extremely sexy poems about love and, you know, female female romance
 and sexuality.
 They were very enthusiastically reviewed.
 And then when it came out that they were not Michael Field, but they were actually an
 aunt and a niece.
 Everyone was a bit, a bit surprised.
 I think it was a bit of negative pushback against that.
 I can kind of understand that.
 It's unorthodox.
 They were plowing their own Michael Field, you could say.
 And they also wrote a book of poems to their dog, Wim Chow, who died in 1906.
 And they were so sad that their dog had died, that they converted to Catholicism in the
 hope that they would meet him in heaven.
 Oh, wow.
 Wow.
 And they wrote a book of poems called "Wim Chow, Flame of Love", which I've been reading.
 And it is.
 Oh, it sounds great.
 It's not good.
 Oh, no.
 It's not great.
 Is that a premise?
 I don't know.
 I know.
 That's right.
 Okay.
 Here is another fact.
 This one comes from Jakob Forkid, and actually Jakob gives us two facts.
 So the first one is that "Rolled Adminson's Polar Thrust" was so well planned that all five
 in his group had gained weight upon returning to base camp.
 Oh, my God.
 Wow.
 That is devastating for the Brits who staffed and died of exposure in all that.
 I'm afraid so.
 I think "Adminson's Lot 8", the dogs, didn't they?
 Well, it's very nutritious stuff, clearly.
 Yeah.
 I can't believe that.
 Oh, I'm feeling a bit...
 Oh, my Polar clothes are feeling a bit tighter this morning.
 I'm so healthy and gaining weight.
 That's wonderful.
 You know what?
 I've been going to the gym over the last couple of months a bit more than I did at the
 end of last year, and I feel like I'm not losing that much weight.
 So I can kind of empathize with these guys sometimes like muscle is heavier than fat.
 That's what they say, isn't it?
 Yes.
 I'm making a lot of dog at the moment.
 That's no simple.
 You've got to stop.
 You've got to stop.
 Okay.
 Yackup's second fact is that there is Norwegian cross-country skier named Caroline Stavis
 Skistad, and her name translates into English as Caroline Paul Hill Skiplace.
 No.
 That's an amazing.
 That's the normative determinism ever.
 It sounds like he's just made it up, doesn't it, and like, well, I need the name.
 I'm just going to name it after things I can see.
 Damn it.
 Michael Field has taken.
 I've got a fact about Winter Olympic names.
 Oh, yeah.
 So the Winter Olympics has just been.
 And there is a shop called the Corona Sierra Stress Plants Shop, and they decided to do
 a thing where they would give plants to the athletes and let them look after them while
 they were in the Olympic Village, and the athletes had to name their plants.
 So James Hernandez, the British figure skater, his plant was called Gary.
 Okay.
 Marjorie La Joie called her Olympia, Lithuania's Soilius Ambrulae Viseus called her dude.
 And Canada's Madeline Shizas named her plant Ilya Rosinov.
 That's a good name.
 That's a good name.
 It's a good name.
 It's a good name, isn't it?
 It's a very good name.
 Does that name mean anything to you guys?
 Ilya Rosinov.
 No.
 So you haven't been watching the TV show Heated Rivalry.
 Then.
 Oh my God.
 Is this the Hockey Sex Show?
 It's the Hockey Hockey Guy, and the Madeline decided to name her plant Ilya Rosinov.
 In the hope that the actor Conor Story would see this and say, "Hey, I heard you got a plant
 named after the character that I played at this show.
 Maybe we could get together."
 Fancy a puck.
 Surely that's the tagline for the whole show.
 Surely.
 Do you guys have a plant that you've given a name to?
 I do.
 I'm literally looking at it in my room.
 Really?
 Yeah, it's called Baxter.
 Oh yeah?
 Baxter's.
 What's the story behind that?
 Oh, named after Cleve Baxter, who was the CIA polygraph expert who believed that he could
 communicate with plants by hooking it up to a light detector machine.
 Do you remember there was that story where he had six people come in randomly and stamp
 a plant dead in a room and pull it out, and only one of the six people had done it.
 He tested whether or not the other plant in the room could pick out the guilty person
 in a lineup, and according to everyone involved, the plant successfully picked out the killer.
 How did it identify the killer?
 Because it was hooked up to a polygraph.
 So the readings, when the killer walked in, you were right.
 Yeah.
 Woo-woo is exactly the phrase I would use at the end of this, I don't know.
 Wow.
 Dan, what a fact.
 No, that's a very good reason to name a plant Baxter.
 Yeah.
 I don't have any, I don't have any name plants.
 No.
 I find them mostly mosses, which have a different structure, so.
 You don't give them moss a name, do you?
 I think the, is it the Latin or Greek for mosses, Brian?
 Yes.
 That's just why they're biofights now.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So you should just call them all Brian.
 That's a really nice idea.
 Okay, let's do a fact here from Hazel Dixon, and Hazel writes that the first pre-execution last
 meal was in 1772 of Susan Brandt, who died by decapitation by sword.
 Brandt was offered a feast consisting of three pounds of bratverse, ten pounds of beef,
 six pounds of baked carp, twelve pounds of lamb roast, soup, cabbage, bread, and an unspecified
 dessert, and eight liters of wine.
 She rejected this all and just had a glass of water.
 Wow.
 Still on sparkling?
 Unspecified.
 What was the sparkling situation in 1772?
 I'm not sure when San Pillar Greeno was established.
 It's saying that this is the first pre-execution last meal, 1772.
 I think it existed a long time before that.
 There's examples in medieval Europe of there being this kind of thing.
 Really?
 Yeah, there's an interesting story that's attached to the last meal from medieval times, which
 may or may not be apocryphal, but the idea was that you would make sure that the criminal
 who was being put to death had a really good meal just before dying, so that they didn't
 come back to haunt the executioners, so that they left on good terms.
 What would be your final meal, Dad?
 Probably a bowl of fried rice.
 As a kind of fried, and then I'm fried, it's a sort of...
 Oh, okay.
 Oh, you're picking the method of execution.
 Oh, sorry.
 Do I really get to pick my meal, not the method of execution?
 Okay.
 I was going to say I might have some pulled pork and then be pulled apart by horses.
 There we go.
 Andy, I suppose I'll just go for a nice bacon sandwich where the pig has died by firing
 squad.
 That feels mean, doesn't it, saying I want the pig to be shot by firing squad?
 I mean, it's probably no worse than it happens to normal animal processing.
 Yeah, but in this hypothetical situation, you have done a crime, so you're not a nice
 guy.
 Yeah.
 I guess I'm finding it hard to get into the head of someone who's not a nice guy.
 That's just so alien to me.
 What if you did the crime with the pig, so you were both up for execution, they kill you
 or a colonel.
 What were you saying we did together then?
 You'd be the aunt.
 I'll be the niece.
 No, I don't know.
 I probably just have something vegetarian.
 Yeah.
 I'm trying to do my nice guy credentials, you see.
 Yeah.
 These last words, did I tell you I'm a vegan?
 Okay, here is another fact.
 This one is from Lucas Chiong Smith.
 Lucas obviously knows the show well because they say a fact for you in the form of a little
 quizzlet for Andy and because Dan loves mundane sci-fi, James loves numbers and Anna loves
 to blow shit wide open.
 There goes.
 How many laser pens would it take to blow up the earth?
 Ooh.
 So we're firing laser pens at the earth, let's say from space.
 Yeah.
 Imagine you have a death star and you need to make a laser but you're like, that's going
 to be tough to make from scratch, but we have this laser pen making factory.
 So let's just make a load of them and use that as a laser.
 Can I ask?
 So we've equated the laser of a laser pen as being just a very unharmful diluted version
 of a killer death ray.
 If you amplified the amount that you had, can that become harmful?
 Or is it just really bright?
 Yeah.
 I think that's what you're saying.
 Light.
 Well, that really bright.
 Yeah.
 So yeah, laser is amplified light basically.
 So it's energy and so if you fire enough energy at anything, it will break it up.
 I love the idea that the death star was basically a presentation gone wrong and say, and if you'll
 just observe the planet all the round here, oh my god, oh no.
 We want it to highlight their great exports.
 Oh no.
 That's what light sabers are.
 They were just a slightly larger laser pointer as well.
 The whole thing is a stationary club.
 It feels like it's going to be an impossibly big number of laser pens.
 Just about the earth.
 I'm going to say, think of the biggest number you can think of, like as in the biggest number
 you can name.
 A trillion.
 Bigger.
 Maybe than a trillion.
 A gazillion.
 Let's try real numbers.
 Two trillion.
 I can't go higher than two trillion.
 That's really big for me.
 Is it?
 OK.
 No, it is.
 According to Lucas' calculations, it is 1.422 octillion.
 What?
 The octillion is 1 with 27 zeros, so like a million, there's got 6 zeros, and a billion
 that's got 9, and a trillion that's got 12, but this one's got 27.
 And for context, according to Lucas, this is 10,000 times fewer than the number of bacterial
 phages on earth.
 Oh, thanks for that context.
 That's really helpful.
 OK.
 So I read a fact recently, which was really called as new science, that peacocks have
 got lasers in their tails.
 OK.
 So those little eyes in a peacocks tail, they amplify the light, and we don't really know
 why they do that, possibly to attract females or whatever, but we do know that they work
 like lasers.
 And so I have worked out how many peacocks you would need to blow up the earth.
 Incredible.
 Incredible.
 Would you like to guess?
 I feel like a peacock's less powerful than a laser powder.
 I'm afraid it is.
 So if the highest number you could think of before was a trillion, you're not going to
 get anywhere near this.
 I'm not going to three trillion.
 No, I'll say two.
 Are we saying octillion?
 Octillion was the other one.
 Yeah.
 It's just fantasy football at this stage, isn't it?
 Dan, do you want to advance on that?
 I think the best way to get close to this is to make up a number and hope that scientists
 have also made up that number.
 Yeah.
 Bajillion.
 Bajillion is not a number.
 Squamillion.
 Squamillion.
 No, sorry.
 Going to squamillion.
 Squamillion.
 Oh, sorry.
 Squamillion.
 No, no, you got it.
 Absolutely.
 No, it is approximately 355.5 non-million peacocks it would take to blow up the earth.
 So that would be about 35 peacocks for every virus that there is currently on earth.
 Right.
 Get them together in one big death star, fire lighter.
 You'd have to, you need the light source as well, but you know, we'll deal with that later.
 Let's get the people first.
 Yeah.
 You're going to need to start breeding peacocks quite sharpish if you're trying to get
 up to however many non-illian...
 Well, I feel really educated by that.
 Thank you, James.
 Absolutely.
 No, thank you, Lucas.
 Yeah, thank you, Lucas.
 Thank you, Lucas.
 And then James for the peacock calculation.
 All I'm picturing is James at home and his little daughter, Covey got to and saying, "Daddy,
 can we play?"
 And he's saying, "I'm walking on something important here."
 The calculations of peacocks on the wall are joking.
 You think I do this by myself now that I have a helper?
 The teacher's going, "Her math is interesting."
 Let's go ahead and do it.
 She doesn't yet know how to do three times four, but she does seem to be able to do 355
 non-illian divided by the number of viruses on her.
 Her non-illian timetable is fantastic.
 We're not knocking that.
 We're not knocking that.
 It's wonderful.
 Okay.
 Well, that is enough of your facts, absolutely brilliant facts.
 As ever this week, thank you so much to everyone who sent a fact in to podcast@QI.com.
 But now it is time to go through our old archive of facts and he has spent many, many years
 typing these up, and we have got them here to give away to friends of the podcast on Patreon.
 So if you join Patreon at the very top level, then not only will you get shout out on the
 show, you will get a digital certificate, and forever in a day, your facts will belong
 to you.
 So who is going to be the first person to give out one of our facts?
 I'll dish one out.
 This one goes out to Matt Ray.
 Congratulations, Matt.
 Your fact is that morgue refrigerators in Turkey are fitted with alarms, motion sensors,
 and handles to open them from the inside in case people wake up.
 So good.
 It's thoughtful, sensible.
 And do you remember we did this whole big thing about the 19th century where it was really
 unclear what dying meant, and it was actually really hard to work out what the biological
 signal was.
 Oh, yes.
 Yes.
 You know, because there's the heart, there's the brain, there's all sorts.
 And people had to come up with these mad methods and then with these hospitals of doubtful
 life where people were put when maybe they would wake up.
 There's got to be a point, though, when you're walking into that room and your relative is
 half eaten by maggots and flies all around them going, I'll give it a few more days.
 Yeah.
 I feel like there's a, there's a point.
 There is a point, but it's just what is that point, right?
 Yeah.
 I think maggots eating through your eye holes.
 Okay.
 That's what we'll do.
 That's what we'll say.
 Okay.
 From now on, we have an official international standard.
 It's the maggots eating through the eyeballs, striper standard.
 Not the thing I thought I'd be known for after my death, not the legacy I thought I was leaving
 on this planet.
 That's very good.
 Well, congrats, Matt Ray.
 That's yours.
 Here's another one for Will Davidson.
 As a baby, Henry VIII had two official cradle rockers paid £3 a year to rock him.
 Very good.
 I don't know what £3 would have got you in late 15th century.
 Mm-hmm.
 Not really a long-term job as well, either.
 How long's the post?
 Not long.
 Well, maybe he continued into his, like, adult HUD, he was still being rocked.
 Oh, yes.
 Yes.
 Wouldn't you love to, like, just have someone you've had a stressful day, you've just been
 doing podcasts and, like, you can just lie down in a crib and someone's going to rock
 you for a half an hour?
 That's going to calm you right down.
 Yeah?
 You're both looking at me like I've gone insane.
 Okay, this next fact is now under the custodianship of Josh Pearson.
 Josh, your fact is that from 800 AD to 1349, the Colosseum in Rome was used as an apartment
 block.
 Brilliant.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 And this was not, there were not active gladiatorial fights going on at the time, right?
 I wasn't like, oh, bloody, my bloody neighbors again.
 Remember we stayed in that hotel while we're on tour, where if you got so in hotel room,
 your window looked into the stadium of a football ground.
 Oh, yeah.
 I've been to a few of those.
 The one we went to was in Norwich.
 Yes.
 They also have one in Filed, which I've been to, which over looks football, I think Bolton
 has one as well.
 So there's a few hotels like that.
 But yeah, absolutely.
 That would be great, wouldn't it?
 Yeah.
 I think of your curtains and there's some Christians being eaten by lions now.
 Okay.
 This one goes out to Stacey Pugh and Stacey, this might be relevant.
 I don't know where you live, but your fact for now and forever is that in Australia, you
 can be fined for swearing.
 Wow.
 This was quite a surprising one to us, because we think of Australia as being quite sweary,
 but it's not allowed.
 And you better watch your mouth.
 People do swear.
 And not get fined.
 But they're working on it.
 I think the Northern Territory is.
 Northern Territory was a place definitely we covered in the show that people had been
 fined up a fair bit for swearing.
 So if I just stand in the street in Darwin or whatever and say, I'm so hungry, I could bite
 the arse off a pigeon that Australian say, am I going to get arrested?
 I don't know if you'll serve any time.
 I think it might be on the spot fine, maybe a mark of a cash point.
 I think this was 10 years ago.
 Yeah, you could be fined for swearing in the UK if you do it in the wrong place and time
 and with aggressive intent.
 That's absolutely right.
 Yeah, I think that probably is to cover events like this, as opposed to people saying,
 I'm so hungry, I could eat the arse off a pigeon.
 Right, yeah, which that is a phrase I think should come with some kind of legal sanction,
 but I don't think they just don't have any enforcement, I think.
 Okay, I got one here, this is now for Emma Banton.
 And your fact is that when the first transatlantic cable was laid in 1858, reception was so bad
 that it took 17 hours to send the first message across.
 I feel like it was to Queen Victoria.
 I'm sure everything was to Queen Victoria, like officially at the time.
 I thought it would be like the hot girls in your area.
 You want to rock you to sleep.
 Okay, here is another fact.
 This is also to another Emma.
 This is going out to Emma Culpers and Emma.
 Your fact is that to celebrate World Vegan Day in 2013, Peter asked a town called Fryup
 in Yorkshire to change its name to Vegan Fryup for the day.
 They refused.
 Yeah.
 There you go, so Peter, the people, people for ethical treatment of animals or something
 like that.
 The people who like to get a lot of publicity by doing slightly weird things in order to
 further their cause.
 And this was one of those.
 And it's because Britain has so many amazing place names that are all, you know, like...
 Big old dead horse village.
 That doesn't sound pretty, that sounds more American, but you know what I mean, there are
 lots of...
 Yeah, we have so many place names, like Canyon Ranch.
 There's a bad example, but this was the village, there's Fryup and then there's Great Fryup
 and then there's Little Fryup, isn't there?
 Is there?
 I think so.
 And basically, there are a few places like this knocking around and Peter thought they
 try and make some hay with it.
 I think they don't mind being refused, do they?
 Because they can say, "Oh, the village of Fryup has refused to rename itself just for
 one day."
 And they get the publicity no matter what, don't they?
 Yes, you're right.
 Here is another one, and this goes out to Katie, surname withheld.
 But you'll have had your certificate already, and your fact is that in 1960s America, on
 135 mile bus route, you passed through seven time zones.
 Nightmare.
 Nightmare.
 Nightmare.
 And it's because American states just, they had, you know, there were borders and there
 were all sorts of different time zones knocking around and they took a long time to resolve
 at all.
 And in fact, they still haven't got their act together and got all in the same time zone.
 It's crazy.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, they really should get like China, don't you think, Addy?
 Come on, guys.
 We had our own time zones in the UK as well, like if you lived in Bristol, you would be
 on different times, and if you lived in London, for instance.
 Yes.
 And then it was the transport that changed all that, because once you had trains going
 from one town to another, you needed to, everyone needed to be on the same time, otherwise
 you wouldn't know.
 And one time your train was going to arrive.
 Yes.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's right.
 Okay.
 Dan, give us the last fact for the day.
 Yeah.
 This is for John Harris.
 And that is, if a predator gets too close to a limpet, the limpet lifts its shell and stamps
 on the predator's foot.
 Gorgeous.
 That would cut.
 Interesting facts about this.
 I don't know if we said this on the day, but the word limpet comes from the fact that
 when they stamp on your toe, you limp away.
 No.
 Of course not.
 Oh, I was so proud that I didn't go for it this time.
 I'm so proud.
 Well done, Dan.
 You're learning.
 I'm gutted.
 I was going to put it in the book of things you think are named after one thing, but actually
 they're named after someone else.
 Okay.
 Well, on that note, I think we should say thank you again to our new custodians.
 They are John Katie Emma Emma, Stacy, Josh, Will and Matt.
 And thank you, everyone who's sent in some facts for the first half of the show.
 And thank you indeed for listening.
 If you're listening to this and you're not yet a friend of the podcast on Patreon, then
 why not go to patreon.com and find out more there.
 There's all sorts of levels.
 You don't have to go on the top level.
 In fact, you don't have to pay at all.
 If you sign up on Patreon, there are little bits of extra stuff you can get there as well.
 So do go over to Patreon.
 And if you have any facts that you'd like to send to us for this show, or in fact, you've
 heard us say something wrong and you'd like to tell us about it or you want to give us
 more information, then send all of your correspondents to podcast@QI.com and it might
 well get into some of our outputs.
 We will see you again on Friday for a big fish.
 It's goodbye from me.
 It's goodbye from these guys.
 Bye.
 So long.
 Farewell.
 I'll be the same.
 Bye.
 [Music]
