 [Music]
 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's Drop As A Line.
 Before we get going, I have some news, some exclusive news for subscribers to notice things
 afish and that is that we are going to do a live show.
 The live show will be at the British Library in London on Friday the 21st of April.
 It will be myself, Andy Dan, and an as yet unannounced and let's be honest undecided
 celebrity or fun person who will be talking about fantastical animal theories throughout
 the ages.
 It's going to be really really fun, it's quite a small venue compared to what we normally
 do so the tickets will go fast and we'll announce this to the non-subscribers on Friday.
 So you guys who are hearing this during the week, I advise you to go to gnosisthingasafish.com
 as soon as you can and get your tickets now.
 Anyway, I think the only thing left to say is, on with Drop As A Line!
 [Music]
 Hi!
 Hi!
 Hello!
 Hello, welcome to the first ever Drop As A Line without...
 Sons Tyszinski.
 Very sad.
 But the three of us are here, James is here, Dan's here.
 We're going to carry on as best we can and we've got some great correspondence so you
 won't even notice actually that Anna's not here.
 Isn't that right, guys?
 Yeah.
 Dan, you can say something at any point.
 Every time I do, I'd wait for Anna to take me down and I'm sad that that's not going
 to happen.
 Dan, you're free now.
 You can mouth off all sorts of stuff.
 I love anything out of it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
 He's been sending me messages of what to say whenever you say something stupid.
 Oh, we've got some cracking stuff, we've got some great Get Yourself Off the Hooks, we've
 got some I'm Actuallys of the Week.
 There's some big stuff coming up.
 Right.
 So let's just...
 Great tease.
 Let's dive straight in.
 Yeah, I like that.
 And we'll be back after these messages.
 Okay, so there's a bit of bonus information or...
 Actually, there are loads of bonus bits of information.
 I'll give this one.
 Okay.
 Let's start with Jennifer Back.
 During your No Such Thing as Proust's Sausage Roll episode a few weeks ago now, you mentioned
 South Korea's Jeju Island and how hotels have professional icebreakers for newlywed
 couples who don't know each other.
 That reminded me of my aunt's wedding video from the late 70s.
 Amazing.
 So Jennifer's mom and one side of her family is Korean and this wedding happened in Korea.
 Right?
 During the reception, there was a dorky, awkward man in a red jacket, like the one in Michael
 Jackson's Beat It video.
 He was flailing about.
 So is she talking about Michael Jackson?
 No, no.
 Is there another person who's dorky and...
 During the...
 No, no, no, the jacket.
 Yeah.
 The jacket is similar to Michael Jackson's jacket.
 Oh, not the dorky guy.
 God.
 Sorry, Jennifer.
 We're actually butchering a really good email.
 This guy wearing a jacket like Michael Jackson's jacket was flailing about vaguely rhythmically
 on the dance floor.
 It was explained to me that the man was hired so that the older, stuffy or awkward relatives,
 mostly male, would look at him, think, "Well, I can dance better than that."
 That is genius.
 How they get up on the dance floor?
 That is so clever.
 That's not different.
 We did the fact about every Christmas cracker contains a terrible joke because a terrible
 joke unites people around the table.
 Everyone thinks it sucks.
 This is the physical version of that.
 This guy is the Judas Goat of the wedding dance floor.
 Yeah.
 I wonder if it works.
 I think it is.
 Because that is the problem, isn't it?
 Because I used to work in a hotel and we did lots of weddings and so I've been to more
 weddings than most people because I've worked them and it's the same in all of them that
 no one dances, no one dances, no one dances and then 10 minutes before the end when all
 the people who are working want to go home, suddenly everyone decides, "Oh, let's get
 my dancing shoes on."
 Yeah.
 Well, this is the way forward.
 Amazing.
 Just dance badly.
 How one person dances better.
 I know.
 It's such a good show.
 I wonder if you could set up a whole company whereby you've did multiple things where
 you've injected someone who's crap at it.
 Is that what I'm doing on this show?
 No, no, no.
 Hang on.
 We don't know what you are doing.
 It can't be that.
 I'm listening and think, "You know what?
 I could be a podcast."
 That's why there are so many podcasts.
 That's why everyone's and their mum's got a podcast now.
 We were one of the first podcasts and everyone heard Dan do it and thought, "You know what?
 Rory Stewart."
 He thought I could do that.
 You're welcome, Rory.
 But under this idea, that would mean that I'm actually secretly a genius who's just
 putting this on.
 No, I don't think-
 To make you guys believe that you can do the podcast.
 What did Jennifer say?
 I don't think Jennifer's email says anything about this guy actually being a good dancer.
 Jennifer says he was flailing about on the dance floor.
 I'll do that with my mouth.
 It's not like, "Is this guy naturally a bad dancer or is he like Les Dawson who was actually
 a brilliant pianist but then just pretended to play the piano badly?"
 That's right.
 We don't know.
 This was in the late 70s in Korea, so we may never know whether this guy actually was
 a great dancer.
 But we've got the video.
 She's got the video.
 She said, "I was watching a VHS."
 Yeah.
 Surely, if you gave that to Bruno Tonle only or whatever he's called from Strictly, he would
 be able to look at that person and tell if they would deliberately be in bad or if they
 were actually bad.
 You're absolutely right.
 There is a wedding video.
 You're right then.
 Can she please upload just that guy to YouTube and send it to us?
 Please.
 This is great.
 Yeah.
 Jennifer, if you can be bothered to do that, amazing, but you've already done so much for
 us.
 So thank you.
 Just one more thing, please.
 All right.
 Here's a great one.
 From Michael O.D., right?
 We talked about nicotine and smoking a few weeks ago.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 We talked with a Swedish company which invented the first nicotine chewing gum, Nicorette.
 It was developed for the Swedish government in order to be used by submariners when they
 banned smoking on board submarines.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because actually we talked about smoking on submarines, didn't we?
 Yeah.
 That's right.
 How interesting.
 How cool is that?
 Yeah, that's really cool.
 Yeah.
 But one of the problems, obviously, with smoking is making lots of smoke and stuff and that's
 going to be bad for the other people there.
 You're still going to have lots of bits of chewing gum.
 If everyone's eating chewing gum, the bottoms of all the tables are just going to be as
 happy as that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 True.
 Maybe if they eject it out of the back of the torpedo tubes or I'm not completely sure
 where that works, but that could leave a trail, you know?
 Yeah.
 Stick it on the end of the periscope if your enemies can't see out of them.
 I've got a fact about there was an old way of attacking submarines where you would kind
 of take your boat up to where the submarine was, go over to the periscope with a hammer
 and then smash the periscope so they couldn't see out of it.
 That's right.
 Don't know that.
 I love that.
 Yeah.
 They hired people specifically and gave them hammers.
 Yeah.
 And so in the dead of the night, they would go and they would sail close to them.
 Wow.
 Isn't that?
 It's so lo-fi, but actually if you think about it, if you get rid of that, they're completely
 blind, aren't they?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's really cool.
 I also love early submarine stuff.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Just siggies and nautical stuff.
 Yeah.
 I can't remember which war it was, but they used to be in the channel between France and
 here.
 They used to be stationed, huge boys, like these, they were like, they were, Augustus
 Gloop.
 Yeah.
 They were all like mini houses.
 Like they were one room.
 We're not allowed to say he's a huge boy anymore, I don't know if you've been reading
 the news.
 Boys.
 Just boys.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Big bald boy.
 Big bald boy.
 So if you were a pilot that was flying over and you got on the gun battle and you crashed,
 this was, I think it was the Germans, they would know that these were stationed along
 the way.
 So they could try and make their way in a raft, whatever came out of the plane.
 Clink to a boy.
 And inside it would be cigarettes.
 And inside it would be alcohol.
 And inside it would be cards so you could play games and stuff until you were picked
 up.
 Hang on.
 Hang on.
 Someone's taken the little dog.
 I'm not.
 This is so annoying.
 I'm leaving the boy.
 What?
 The little dog.
 The monopoly little dog.
 Yeah.
 And what are you saying?
 Because it's like card games.
 Card games.
 No, you're right.
 Hang on.
 Where's the three of clubs?
 Oh, there's no point.
 Right.
 I'm sailing back.
 I'm going in the sea.
 I'm dancing.
 And so in the morning, I think it was, they would, or maybe even at night time, you would
 just do a scoop up.
 Yeah.
 They would go and check.
 They would check all the boys just to see if there were any, you know, fallen soldiers
 in there.
 That's really funny.
 In New Zealand, the islands off New Zealand, they would put goats on there, just put goats
 on the islands.
 Yeah.
 And the idea is that people who, in the age of sail, you're sailing down there,
 you might get shipwrecked.
 And if you end up on an island, a goat is a perfect thing because it's going to give
 you some food with the milk and it's like a service station for, you know, shipwrecked
 people.
 How many islands biodiversity must have been absolutely destroyed?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Speaking of a biological ravaging, this is a crowbar.
 Speaking of an unusual trans-global, look, here's Jay McCabe and he says, see if you,
 or remember immediately what we're talking about, last year, my six-year-old daughter
 wanted to know if a snail could go around the world.
 Okay.
 So this is Andy's idea of, would you rather have a million quid or a snail?
 It's always chasing you.
 It's always chasing you.
 It touches you.
 Yeah.
 When it touches you, you die.
 Yeah.
 I should say I stole it from the internet.
 So it's definitely not my thing.
 Anyway, Jay says, he decided to help his daughter with a bit of logic and with the following,
 very simplified maths, we came up with the following.
 So lots of rounding up and down, but basically, he's put in all the maths that they've done.
 The speed is very rounded to a metre an hour and time travelled in a day is 20 metres based
 on 19 hours of waking and five hours of sleep, blah, blah, blah.
 But basically, all you need to do is go between a few locations and the snail will get stuck
 changing directions because you'll destroy the progress they've made.
 And did they say what the locations might be or how far apart they would need to be?
 No.
 Jay said you don't even need to move countries.
 Okay.
 You just have a, you know, go down for a go-for-hotel.
 If you lived in the Vatican City, if you were the Pope, you would have to move countries.
 And what a film.
 What a film.
 That would be Pope vs. Snail.
 Cocaine Snail.
 Man vs. B. They need a sequel for Man vs. B.
 Pope vs. Snail vs. Cocaine Snail.
 Oh, that's interesting.
 I would like to know from their calculations how far you would have to move from different,
 like if I spent half the year in Bolton and half the year in London, would I be okay?
 I think you would.
 If it's 20 metres a day, six months of 20 metres a day isn't going to be...
 Doesn't feel like a gate to Bolton.
 No.
 I'd like to know if the daughter just wanted a whimsical answer or if she had to sit through
 hours of whiteboard math as she worked this out.
 Because if it's that version, that she liked the whiteboard stuff, that's a cool kid, man.
 I don't think I could do that with my kids.
 So yeah, game on.
 Michelle Foreman writes, "I've been meaning to write an instance.
 I listened to the episode where you mentioned a woman was found guilty of murder because
 the parrot said, 'Don't shoot.'
 I think in the voice of the murdered man."
 And we wonder, perhaps she might have been saying, 'Don't shoot.'
 It might have been altering.
 Can parrots do voices, basically?
 And Michelle says, "I can tell you they sure can.
 Growing up, my friend's stepfather had a parrot named Jasper, a Congo gray.
 And Jasper could mimic every member of the family from my friend to her mother to her
 stepdad.
 More than once, we thought we were being scolded by a parent when it was just Jasper looking
 for attention."
 Cool.
 How good is that?
 That is good.
 Thank you, Michelle.
 If you could get them to do famous people, and instead of John Cullshaw, you'd just have
 a parrot doing a load of impressions of people.
 That would be a good...
 Because I think they try to bring back spitting image, and it did okay, but I didn't do...
 Well, it's in the West End now.
 It's got a big shirt.
 Right.
 But if you did it with parrots...
 How much better would it be?
 So if you dressed them in little wigs and so on, and they're like, "Yeah, I think that's
 an amazing idea."
 How many words can they...
 They're quite short skits.
 Yeah.
 No, they can do it.
 I'm sure they can do a few hundred words.
 Can they?
 But all the celebrities want a cracker.
 Yes.
 A bit of an "I'm actually" from Catherine Wall.
 Okay, come on then.
 Loving the episode.
 So those are...
 It's going to be a criticism sandwich here.
 So that also sounds like she's pressed pause on an episode.
 She's so furious about what she's going to write.
 Oh, do you know, I think this is the dropper's line of a dropper's a line.
 I think this is something I said in a dropper's a line, or in a bonus.
 In fact, I think it was someone else sent in this fact, and it's now been corrected by
 someone else within another dropper's a line.
 So we've developed our own eco.
 It's like a terrarium.
 Oh, got it.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You know what I mean?
 Where it's its own contained microclimate.
 Yeah.
 So the fact was about when the longest day is, and it was stated that it was in October.
 Oh, yes.
 The cops go back.
 Yeah.
 It was dropper's a line.
 It was.
 This is true for places in the Northern Hemisphere who adopt daylight saving in October, but
 in Australia, the states that adopt daylight saving have the longest day in April.
 And not everywhere adopts daylight saving.
 As this fact is...
 And then there's the other end of the praise, the criticism sandwich.
 As this fact isn't universally true, I think it makes an awesome QI fact.
 So I would argue it completely invalidates it as a fact, but thank you.
 Anna said it wasn't a fact.
 Oh, no, she said it was a fact.
 She said it wasn't interesting.
 Who?
 Yeah.
 I couldn't believe you were so angry about that, Andy, that you just said, "No more.
 We're going to have to make up a story about her being pregnant."
 Got my way.
 We actually got center fact that was met.
 I think we've already mentioned on the show, which was, I just wanted to give a shout out
 because I don't think I named actually the person who sent it.
 We got an email from Andreas Marti, and the subject line of the email was Gibbon glory
 whole action.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think we just mentioned that on a show with, was it the one with Sarah or with Monica,
 maybe?
 No, it was the one with Monica, which hasn't gone out yet.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, well, you'll have to wait to see what the Gibbon glory whole action is all about.
 That's a proper teaser.
 Yeah.
 We need to change our email filter as well because nothing headlined Gibbon glory whole
 action should be getting into the inbox.
 Well, you clicked on it.
 You opened it.
 Yeah.
 And I was sorely disappointed by a factual story on the inside.
 Yeah.
 So if you want Andy to read your emails, then give it a nice title.
 Filf.
 Yeah.
 It's what we need.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 We're going to have to come to the big get yourself off the hook of this drop as a line.
 Oh, okay.
 Right.
 Sender of email.
 Alexander Pinkerton.
 Subject line.
 Bring it on bassoon boy.
 So, Dan, would you like to just briefly explain, and I should say this isn't the only email
 we've had.
 Bring it on.
 We were talking about Ethel Smythe and the fact and she was a composer who used to tie
 herself to a tree to get posture better so that she could conduct better when she was
 doing that.
 There was a story where she really didn't like the orchestra and how they were playing
 her piece.
 So she went around and picked up all the sheet music and fled the country so they weren't
 able to play it.
 I argued that why is it that you never see anyone who's part of an orchestra able to
 just play the pieces without the sheet music?
 Surely.
 'Cause Cole play do it.
 Cole play do it.
 Springsteen.
 Springsteen.
 Springsteen does it.
 Yep.
 Blink182 can do it.
 It's not hard, guys.
 And yeah, I put that out there and it's had apparently some response.
 There's been some response.
 And the Pinkerton's email is amazing, but it's so long and so detailed that we can't
 read the whole thing.
 But basically he studies the complexity of the music, such as the sort of stuff played
 by 816 Bar Blues on the E Street Band versus Rachmaninoff's Third Piano Concerto.
 The conclusion is that in less than a third of the time, so the Rachmaninoff Concerto
 is a third of the length, but there are double as many pieces of phrasing in it.
 And also, the boss Springsteen has the benefit of being able to play the music, which came
 into his own head without sheet guidance.
 He could probably improvise for more than three hours, but he's been playing the same
 material for five decades.
 And Alexander says-
 Wait, hang on, hang on, hang on.
 Any one of us can learn a Bruce Springsteen.
 We could learn-
 Are you digging here, Dan?
 I'm just saying, you can't argue when the music came to him.
 You're using the originator of that song in that circumstance.
 Okay.
 A lot of people cover his songs.
 Okay, well, in that case-
 They don't do it with sheet music.
 We should go on to the email from Kate Dunstan.
 I am a bassoonist, she says, and have played most of the classical repertoire and can say
 that you don't want to learn that stuff from memory, thousands of bars of different notes
 with different rhythms, keys, not chords, she says, with different rhythms, key signatures,
 time signatures, and bars of rest when you don't play.
 Most wind instruments can only play one note at a time and therefore can't play chords.
 So actually, you can't even learn the chords for these things because there aren't chords.
 She says, I have to concede that when I perform solo recital pieces, I do like to play those
 from memory, but this takes hundreds of hours of practice.
 So it's doable.
 Okay.
 You're really digging in.
 So we're going to have to go to the third email from Randall Peters for crying out loud
 there.
 Come on, Randall.
 Go to a classical concert sometime.
 Do you think the players are all jamming on a chord?
 I also happen to be a composer of orchestral music, including three operas.
 I wish everyone in an orchestra could fake their way through a piece of music, but it's
 incredibly complex.
 Everyone has their own intricate part of play.
 The notation is very specific.
 Let's not pretend they should know all the chords.
 Sometimes we don't even have chords.
 Use that as a fact.
 I've attached a PDF of the first violin part for a 30-minute orchestra piece of mine.
 I respect, says Randall, for any self-demeaning attempt at a joke, but up with this, I will
 not put.
 Please don't dig in because I'll get more emails and no one has to read those out,
 right?
 What I'm being forced to do here is to admit that I was joking, which really pisses me
 off.
 Anyway, thank you everyone for your correspondence.
 It was a brilliant time.
 It's my favourite slamming I've had from a group of people in my life.
 I just love that we've had a composer.
 We've had a bassoonist.
 We've had all sorts of people.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You know, it's very flattering.
 I'm sorry.
 I'm sorry I upset so many people.
 I reckon there's one conductor who's getting all these emails sent at one time going, "Bassoon
 sent yours.
 First violin sent yours."
 Can I just say, though, one last thing.
 No, we've got so much more to get through.
 I'm not saying it's like a Springsteen song.
 I'm saying they are all notes.
 They are all things that you play and they're at work and they're memorised.
 I'm not saying it's less or more complex.
 It's obviously more complex.
 It's a classical piece.
 I know that.
 Well, I'll give the last word to Alexander who says, "It is more impressive from a purely
 technical standpoint to see a 25-year-old soloist smash out a piece of incredibly complex
 music from memory than it is for an old rocker to do three hours of their back catalogue.
 Which of those is cooler is not an argument I want to engage with."
 Which is fair enough.
 I've got to get myself off a hook here.
 Okay.
 Dave Reinersman writes, "I'd like to offer a defence of Andy's boring facts."
 Hang on.
 I know you curate these things, but I sort of feel a bit put out that you've had me
 ruined and now you're going to defend yourself.
 It's not me defending myself.
 It's Dave Reinersman.
 Thank you, Dave.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Dave is just saying that, you know, often if you look at something, a seemingly dull
 fact that will have depth and curiosities on closer inspection.
 But not this case.
 And it just happens to be.
 What was he referring to?
 Just to my boring facts, apparently.
 This is an overall comment.
 I think I've had a run of them recently where I've talked about trams or about ... Yeah.
 But Dave says, "Not to make this too grand a statement, but it's that humbling perspective
 on the world that has kept me coming back to the QI media empire for so long."
 So I guess.
 Get you've saved.
 You're welcome.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 I'll give you a proper one where I've ... There's a proper one where I might have made a boo-boo.
 Bill Sheffield.
 Yeah.
 Great name.
 It seems odd to me that you spoke about the reason that TVs are so cheap now is that they
 figured out how to cut more screens out of the mother glass, which we did say.
 The reason TVs are so cheap now is that they used to depend on the cathode ray technology
 where the image was created by a cathode ray gun shooting electrons onto a curved glass
 surface.
 Effectively a particle accelerator cathode ray gun.
 So the cathode ray tube, or maybe the screen, was curved both up and down and across, much
 like a Pringle, meaning each TV screen needed to be blown molded one at a time.
 Yes.
 No, that's fair.
 Although, I thought that the ... I don't want to start defending things, but I thought
 the point was, even since we got flat screens, they're getting cheaper and cheaper, right?
 I think that is it, but Bill is also absolutely right that, and he says, figuring out how to
 cut more screens from the mother glass is not as big a deal as having a flat screen in
 the first place, which is completely fair, and I accept that.
 I forgot about the mother glass.
 That's one of those facts that I hope I continue to forget and hear about, because it's just
 such a fun idea, like learning that new for the first time is just a such a wonderful
 thought.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 A couple more?
 Yeah.
 Lena Nilsson, this is ... Do you remember the nutmeg thing we talked about?
 This is an Anna thing, where Anna ...
 She ate a load of nutmeg that, no, her husband made something with some nutmeg in, and she
 made herself vomit because she thought it was poisonous.
 That's right.
 Or it wasn't also that she let him eat it, as in she tested him out, but didn't tell
 him.
 Yeah.
 That's a good fact from Lena Nilsson.
 In 2008, a Swedish cooking magazine called Matmagazinet had to issue an apology after
 a family experienced rapid heartbeats, excessive sweating, etc., from eating the world's tastiest
 apple cake.
 That actually feels worth it.
 If it's the world's tastiest apple cake, I think I would be willing to eat the world's
 tastiest apple cake for a few heart palpitations.
 Fair enough.
 Well, here's what had happened, as Lena says.
 The recipe had accidentally listed the amount of ground nutmeg as 20 nutmegs, instead of
 two milliliters.
 Oh my God.
 20 nutmegs.
 They quickly withdrew the issue when they discovered the mistake, but apparently one
 family had already bought it and didn't react with any suspicion to the absurd amount of
 poisonous spice.
 So did they have to ... They made it, right?
 They made it.
 So they had to grate all these nutmegs, I guess.
 Yes.
 Right?
 Oh my God.
 I mean, that would have taken an hour, at least.
 The editor-in-chief said we didn't think it was possible to eat a cake like that, since
 it would be terribly bitter, but it turned out one group did that anyway.
 Wow.
 What's what happened to them, sorry?
 They were fine, but I think they had some sweating and palpitations and heartbeats,
 but I think they were all right.
 That's really funny.
 Isn't that great?
 Thank you, Lena.
 One last one.
 Okay.
 This is from David McLaren.
 Okay.
 Long time listener, writing in because I have a tidbit regarding a slip-up Andy made regarding
 the treatment for the two-headed turtle.
 Do you remember this?
 Oh, gosh, this is a long time ago.
 A couple of months ago.
 Yeah, we talked about this.
 There's the two-headed turtle, and the two heads prefer different foods.
 Yeah.
 And they would sometimes fight over lettuce leaves as well.
 Bingo.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 And I made a mistake because I said they treat the turtle's heads by applying valium
 to them, and I meant Vaseline.
 That's right.
 I remember that.
 Andy mistakenly said, "Valium diazepam is applied to their heads when he meant Vaseline."
 Surprisingly, Dan was the one to correct this.
 I'm just reading David's.
 Thank you, David, for qualifying that.
 But as David says, "When I was working as a hospital pharmacist, I prepared a diazepam
 vaginal suppository for a patient."
 First I was convinced I was misreading the script, but it's not common, and there are
 multiple studies looking at the topical application of diazepam, valium, and it can actually be
 useful for a variety of issues, not just anxiety.
 Yeah.
 So maybe I was right.
 Maybe what he seems to be saying.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But there's a difference between a turtle's head and a vagina.
 Absolutely.
 That's an uncontroversial statement.
 I don't know.
 We'll get lettuce next week.
 Yes, sir.
 I'm a turtle keeper.
 I'm pervert.
 They're not going to show you.
 They are very easily mixed up.
 Oh, dear.
 Yeah.
 I just thought it was interesting.
 I didn't know you could get diazepam vaginal suppositories.
 That is really interesting.
 That is surprising.
 I didn't know you got any suppositories that went anywhere but up the bottom.
 Oh, well, they're colpesteries, aren't they, if they're--
 Oh, no.
 I suppose they are.
 No, I think you're right.
 I think they are.
 Yeah.
 Well.
 Maybe he put it in the wrong colp.
 Oh, gosh.
 Oh.
 Bye.
 Thanks so much, everyone, for listening.
 That was great fun.
 If you've got anything to say about anything we've said on the show or on this show, then
 please write to podcast@qi.com, and ideally we'll get three layers deep.
 We'll really inception ourselves.
 But yeah, thank you very much for listening.
 We'll be back soon with another one, and podcast@qi.com.
 Bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Bye.
 [LAUGHS]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
