 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live from Cardiff.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is Andy.
 - My fact is that the Glasgow Tree Hugging Competition
 contains three rounds.
 Speed Hugging, Dedicated Hugging and Freestyle Hugging.
 (audience laughing)
 - Wow. - Yeah.
 - Freestyle. - Freestyle.
 - What is freestyle?
 It still has to be a tree, does it?
 - It all has to be a tree,
 but freestyle is by a long way the most erotic.
 (audience laughing)
 - Well, I think we're witnessing freestyle
 in the background here.
 There's an image that we put up on the screens
 at our live show.
 The person up there is Hannah Willow,
 who is the winner of this year's--
 - Hannah Willow? - Yeah.
 - Did she marry the tree that she hugged?
 (audience laughing)
 It looks like it.
 - They should be married, considering--
 - Oh, really? - Considering the--
 - I was gonna say, Andy, for some of us,
 an erotic hug is also the speed hug.
 (audience laughing)
 You have to hug as many trees as possible in one minute.
 So that is both speedy.
 - Do you know the number?
 - I actually don't know what Hannah scored on that,
 but the hugs have to last five seconds each,
 so it's just--
 - Do you know what the world record
 for most trees hugged in an hour is?
 - No. - Ooh.
 - Can you have a guess?
 - What country?
 - Ghana, what? - How will--
 Sorry, then.
 (audience laughing)
 And how are you factoring that
 into your matrix of calculations?
 - So Ghana, dense forest, trees are close to each other.
 - Point, but equatorial, saps the energy.
 (audience laughing)
 - Damn.
 - I think in Ghana, you probably know this, Dan,
 but they've done a lot of tree planting in recent years,
 so they got quite a lot of smaller trees.
 - Oh.
 - But that's good.
 That means you can get between them faster.
 - Exactly.
 I think that's what Dan's asking.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay.
 How many seconds are there in an hour, James?
 - There are about 3,600.
 - I'll say 3,600, one per second.
 - One per second.
 You have to, someone's not bringing the tree to you,
 so you can hug it.
 You have to go from one tree to another.
 - Are you allowed to hug the same?
 Can you just go from one tree and back again and again
 and again, or does that have to be a different tree each time?
 - Every tree different.
 - Every tree different.
 - What if you run up a tree?
 What if you hug so many,
 and no more trees left in Ghana?
 (laughing)
 - The number is lower than the total number
 of trees in Ghana.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay, but the other way--
 - Does the five second rule apply to each hug?
 - No, it doesn't.
 - What's that?
 If you can still eat it
 as long as you have to drop the tree for five seconds?
 - The tree falls over in the forest, but no one notices,
 and you quickly put it on your plate and it's fine.
 - Yeah.
 No, in this tree hugging,
 you need to hug for five seconds per tree.
 - No, this one is--
 - Okay, so I'm gonna say 400.
 - 100?
 Any advance?
 - I think about a grand, about a thousand.
 - About a thousand.
 Anna is correct.
 - What?
 - Almost, it's 1,123,
 which is on average one every 3.2 seconds.
 - Wow, decent.
 - That's really good.
 - That's pretty good.
 Abu Bakar Tahiru did it this year.
 - Nice.
 - But Hannah Willow, previously mentioned,
 I think where she excelled
 in these three elements you mentioned, Andy,
 is the dedication.
 And that is where you show devotion, passion, and loyalty.
 So, that's where she won the competition.
 - And that's a single tree, isn't it?
 - Yes, that's a single tree.
 - And it's interesting, I think freestyle,
 that round is also a single tree.
 So you have to show something other than an embrace.
 So it's not actually a hug at all.
 It's, you might play it a song, you might...
 - Oh, great.
 - She did a dance, that was her big thing.
 Yeah, she didn't know that that was required of her.
 So she just had to improvise a dance.
 But she is someone who goes out and does forest bathing.
 She spends a lot of time getting in touch with nature.
 - Can we talk about what forest bathing is?
 'Cause I read that as well and I liked that.
 - Yeah, what is that?
 - Well, it's when you go out to the forest
 and you just bathe, right?
 You're like, you just take in the smells
 and the air and the, it's just going out.
 It's like a nice wall.
 - So what I assumed is correct that it is another way
 of saying she likes to go for a walk in the woods.
 - Yeah, does she have to take her clothes off like a bath?
 - No.
 - Okay.
 - You don't have to take your clothes off in the bath.
 Fun fact, I don't.
 (laughing)
 - You never take your socks off in any situation.
 - Absolutely not.
 - Even the erotic freestyle.
 - It makes it more erotic if the socks are still on.
 - But it's really cool.
 She's, so she's a mum of three
 and she was asked like,
 are they excited that mum is the tree hugging champion?
 And they said, no, they were hugely embarrassed
 to find out I was tree hugging champion.
 Yeah, I've slightly ruined their street cred
 is what she said.
 But she's going to ruin it even more
 because it's not just about winning the Glaswegian
 tree hugging competition.
 She now, by winning that qualifies to represent Glasgow
 in the international tree hugging competition
 that happens in Finland.
 It's like a giant global competition
 where all our best huggers go and meet in Finland
 for an ultimate hug.
 - That's gonna be tough for the favourites from Ghana,
 isn't it?
 Going all the way up to Finland and that cold weather.
 - Yes.
 - It's gonna be really tough.
 - It is advantage.
 - And the taller trees, they won't know what to do, right?
 - Yeah.
 I assume you only took the bottom of the trees, right?
 - Yeah, there's no rule about whether you have to hug
 base or tip.
 It's just not.
 - Go on.
 - Guard it.
 But no, it is, it's a really, it's quite fun.
 I mean, I was quite skeptical about it.
 I think it was a bit silly, but the Finnish one,
 which is in a place called Halibu, I think,
 it was designed this competition by the family
 of a lumberjack who realised he'd been growing
 all these trees and he loved them too much to cut them down.
 And he was like a shepherd who just can't bear
 going to the abattoir.
 So he and his family thought of this programme
 where people adopt trees and they've been trying--
 - Is that not just a lazy lumberjack?
 - Well.
 - Who says, oh yeah, sorry, I didn't chop any down today
 because I love them too much.
 - You're right, letting someone hug your trees
 is a much skin off your nose, is it?
 - But this has become a big thing since COVID.
 And I remember when we were playing on a previous tour,
 we were playing Richmond in London
 and I went to Kew Gardens beforehand
 and I saw a lady go up and give a massive hug to a tree.
 And it looks so nice.
 It looks so, 'cause like we'd all been stuck
 and she was allowed to connect back with nature again.
 And I just, it was a bit pervy.
 I just watched them hug for ages.
 - What were you doing while you were watching?
 'Cause if it was just watching, I think it's fine.
 - I think the rule is if you're in a bush,
 it's not all right.
 If you're just in the open, it's fine.
 - Unless you're hugging the bush.
 - You might be bush bathing.
 That's the thing, though, yeah.
 - Yeah, I was just watching.
 I didn't, yeah, I just watched.
 - There is evidence that if you--
 - I just watched.
 Don't keep saying it, but I only watched, guys.
 - There is evidence that you can lower your blood pressure
 by touching wood.
 (audience laughs)
 - Andy said, "Grow up, guys, come on."
 Different types of wood, depending on the texture
 of the wood, it can have a different effect.
 - So not the splintery ones?
 - Not the splintery ones.
 - Is that in the form of a tree, or is it just any wood?
 - It actually works with any wood.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, yeah, they did it where they compared people
 putting their hand on plastic, on metal,
 and then on wood and their blood pressure went down.
 - Really?
 - Oh, well, I hugged a tree in preparation for this fact.
 - Did you?
 - Your research is always below par down,
 but this is reaching new depths.
 - No, but it is really nice.
 I've got to say, it was a genuinely nice experience,
 and a lot of people have been getting back in contact
 with nature in that kind of way.
 Again, since the pandemic,
 and there's been reports all over the world,
 so in New Zealand, there's great trees
 that the curators keep busting people, hugging.
 He's like, "I kind of get it, though.
 "This tree has ribbons of flaky brown bark,
 "almost begs to be peeled like a banana."
 And he talks about great trees to hug,
 like the long leaf pine, the spongy bark that it has.
 It practically hugs back, you know?
 - Oh.
 - I can see, I can see, but I did only watch.
 (audience laughs)
 - And what kind of tree did you hug?
 - It's a tree that's in my garden.
 - But did you even find out its name?
 (audience laughs)
 - Okay, this is a bit embarrassing,
 'cause there's five trees.
 We named them after each member of our family,
 so I hugged, I hugged Daddy.
 (audience laughs)
 (audience laughs)
 - I don't wanna rain on this tree-hugging parade,
 but something smells bad about it,
 and it's this, that, so it's organized,
 the Glasgow Tree Hugging Competition by Vicky Dale.
 The children's prize was won by Lottie,
 who is Dale's daughter.
 And-- - What?
 - The children's speed-hugging race
 won by Freddie, Dale's son.
 - Oh, dear.
 - What's going on there, guys?
 There were only 15 entrants in this whole contest,
 by the way, which, the Guardian write-up
 of Hannah Willow-winning was saying,
 "Willow has savored the rush of victory before,
 "but only on a minor scale."
 (audience laughs)
 How major is this 15-entern competition?
 - She's super cool, though, by the way.
 If you, I've gone onto her Instagram,
 'cause I was trying to get in contact with her
 to ask her questions for this.
 - Would you be willing for me to watch out of the open?
 (audience laughs)
 - You're sincerely a daddy.
 (audience laughs)
 - Well, while we're on that subject,
 there is a thing called, what is it, dendrophilia,
 which is basically the sexualization of trees.
 I mean, that is a real thing.
 - I saw a news article of a man in Wiltshire in 2023,
 who was arrested after apparently having sex with a tree,
 so said the headline.
 One witness said, "I was just walking in the park
 "with one of my mates, and we saw a man hugging a tree,
 "and thought it was interesting.
 "We walked closer, and as we did,
 "we saw his trousers down, and thought, 'This is pure gold.'"
 (audience laughs)
 - After I stopped recording,
 (audience laughs)
 the police turned up and arrested him.
 - Wow, good grief.
 Celebrity tree huggers?
 - Oh, yeah. - Oh, yeah.
 - So Prince Charles, as we know.
 - Yeah, he talks to them.
 - He, yeah, King Charles, I know.
 He claims he shakes hands with every tree he's planted
 and wishes them well.
 - What is a tree is--
 - Well, a leaf, a branch.
 - I would say a leaf is a finger, yeah, a branch is an arm.
 - No, he tends to do leaves,
 so it's usually a tree planting ceremony,
 and he'll shake a leaf and say, "Oh, have a good time."
 And walk off, it's sort of--
 - But you have to shake so many leaves.
 You don't want to do it like a full hug for everyone.
 - Yeah, sure. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Novak Djokovic?
 - Yeah. - Again, not that surprising.
 - Tree hugger? - Yeah.
 - When he does the Australian Open,
 he goes to the Melbourne Botanical Gardens,
 and he gets some tree-hugging time in.
 - Does he? - Does he.
 - Does he? - Yeah.
 - Is that 'cause he kisses the grass as well, doesn't he?
 I know he tastes the grass at Wimbledon.
 - Yeah, he eats. - Eats it.
 - Yeah, right? - Yeah, must be related.
 - Yeah. - Tree-hugging,
 tree-huggers used to be squirrel killers.
 I was looking for the first references to tree-hugger,
 and a lot of people say that it came from the '70s,
 but the OED says first reference
 to someone being a tree-hugger in a hippie,
 please stop building this motorway here
 because it involves felling trees way.
 It's 1965, and so there are a few people in Appleton,
 fittingly, Wisconsin, who were named that
 'cause Apple is a kind of tree.
 (laughing)
 But at the same time, in 1965, in Indiana,
 they were using tree-hugger to describe squirrel hunters,
 and it was because they basically hide behind a tree
 that's thicker than them,
 a tree whose girth is larger than them,
 watching squirrels, and then dart to another tree
 and hug that tree, and then eventually kill a squirrel.
 Although it does say that all tree-huggers
 are possessed with a love of the outdoors,
 and actually catching a squirrel
 isn't an iron-clad must any more than it is
 for a fisherman to catch a fish,
 which means I've fully misunderstood fishing as well.
 (laughing)
 - That first citation in the OED from 1965,
 it was in South Shore, Chicago.
 They were building a new road through a lot of parks,
 and they had to chop down some trees,
 and all of these conservationists sort of hugged the trees
 and tried to stop them from doing it.
 And it turns out that one of the protesters
 was called Bernard Baum.
 And Baum is German for tree.
 - Yes. - Oh.
 - Come on. - That's very good.
 We're gonna have to move on in a sec, guys.
 - Oh, can I tell you another sort of competition-related fact
 that has something to do with trees?
 It's about the World Concord Championships.
 Have you guys read this?
 Breaking news. - Yes, literally breaking.
 - It's literally happening right now before our very eyes.
 The investigation is going on.
 It just happened in Northamptonshire,
 and allegations of cheating.
 And it's very serious.
 There's this guy called David Jacobs.
 He's 82.
 He's been competing since 1977.
 Every year goes to the World Concord Championships.
 He won this time.
 And now there are allegations he used as steel conker.
 - And it was the first time he won, maybe?
 - Yeah, yeah, it was the first time he's won.
 - Yeah, yeah. - Also, he's the chief judge.
 This goes all the way to the top.
 - Yeah. - It's like, yeah.
 - It's just like the dales all over.
 - Absolutely. - He's got a painted,
 he had a painted nut, which he said was just for humor value.
 What's the humor value in, I guess,
 it's a bit, if you play conkers, I guess it's funny.
 - Yeah. - I guess.
 - But it turns out he was concealing steel.
 - Well, did he use the steel nut
 to smash his opponents' conkers to pieces?
 'Cause a couple of the opponents said,
 "My conker just exploded when he tapped it for the first time."
 And yeah, this is a huge, this is huge.
 - And we just want to say for the lawyers,
 nothing's been proven either way yet.
 It's all still underway.
 And he was actually defeated in the final.
 It seems like they must be gender divided until the end,
 'cause he won the men's section,
 but then he was defeated by Kelsey Banshbuck
 from Indianapolis, who came all the way to Northamptonshire
 to defeat him in the final.
 - Wow. - Wow.
 - First American to win.
 - And what was she using?
 Like a platinum, a cover?
 (all laughing)
 - Put the conker in a shotgun, yeah.
 - Can I tell you one more--
 - Yeah, go for it. - Natural competition.
 This was in 2002 in Australia.
 They had a sheep counting competition.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Like there were 10 competitors,
 they ran 400 sheep past them.
 - 400.
 (all laughing)
 - No, they didn't tell them they were 400,
 but you had to count them as they ran past you.
 There was an indeterminate number of sheep running past you
 and you had to count them.
 - I would count the legs and divide by four.
 (all laughing)
 - Show off. - Very good.
 - And is it the idea
 whoever's awake at the end is the winner?
 - That's it.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for us to move on to fact number two,
 and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that the wax coating
 on 6,400 shot bought apples is enough to make one tea light.
 - Wow.
 - Yes, apples, tomatoes, lemons, peppers,
 you get in shops, it's all covered in wax,
 but it's a very tiny layer.
 There's lots of rumours that it can give you, you know,
 cancer and make your head explode and stuff.
 So I thought, I wonder how much they're actually putting on.
 And I read that one pound of wax
 will cover 160,000 pieces of fruit
 and one pound of wax also makes,
 according to various craft sites,
 which I spent a long time on,
 but I think one pound of wax makes about 25 tea candles.
 And so there you go, 6,400 apples,
 melt the wax off, you've got a tea light, you're welcome.
 (all laughing)
 - And a tea light is one of those little white round ones,
 is it?
 'Cause I had to look this up, actually.
 - That is such a man thing to do.
 (all laughing)
 - No man listening knows what a tea light is,
 and no woman listening doesn't, it's just a...
 - And they were invented to make tea with or something.
 I read that, I don't know if this is true,
 'cause I didn't know what they were,
 but apparently in the Japanese tea ceremony,
 you have put them underneath your kettle to keep it warm.
 - Oh my God, this is so weird,
 because I've got a small kettle at home,
 which has a tea light underneath it
 for making the water warm.
 And I just thought that was a gimmick
 that they found to do with the tea light,
 but you're telling me that's the original purpose.
 - It looks like it has enough flame to keep something heat.
 - Probably just sort of keep, you know, maintain.
 - Just a little simmery.
 - The wax is so weird.
 So this happens even more in America
 than it does in the UK.
 Like in America, everything is sold
 with a thin layer of wax on the top of it, basically.
 - I think it's pretty much all fruit,
 like all apples you buy in the shop here.
 Yeah, all fruit you buy here
 will also have all the other wax on it.
 - But it's this thing called epicuticular wax,
 like cuticles is in skin.
 And the thing is, apples grow with a thin layer
 of wax on them, which is then removed
 during the harvesting process.
 And they think, oh no, we lost all the wax
 that was growing beautifully on the apple anyway.
 So they put wax from a different species back on the apple.
 - So I have a tree in my garden.
 - Oh no. - It's no, Dan.
 Leave it alone.
 - Well, no, I took an apple off the tree
 and it was very exciting.
 It was like, my God, I've got an apple from my own garden.
 And it was so waxy that even when I washed it
 under the sink, it just took ages to get off.
 Yeah, and I stupidly used washing liquid on it
 at one point to try and get it off.
 But yeah, I felt it literally the other day.
 - That's cool 'cause it's quite,
 usually on fruit it's quite powdery and unsightly.
 You often see it on plums, it's most obvious,
 it's like a white powder.
 But why did you want to take it off?
 It's fine.
 - What do you mean?
 Oh, I thought you meant off the tree to eat it.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, no, no, it just felt odd, it just felt.
 - But it grows back.
 Even if it gets scratched or removed during the harvesting,
 it would grow back naturally.
 But during those few days,
 the fruit would shrink a little bit
 'cause it's lost a layer of protection
 and it would lose a little bit of volume.
 - Moisture, right.
 - Moisture.
 And so it's worth spraying the wax on
 because it keeps the fruit at exactly the same size
 for that little few days in between.
 - Yeah, it's essential.
 Fruit would be shriveled in the process of making it
 through the, you know, importing it,
 getting it into a short process if we didn't have it on.
 For the same reason they have it on trees.
 It's so that nothing can get in, nothing can get out.
 - But the wax that grows on plants,
 this is, okay, this is unbelievable.
 So it's amazing stuff, epi-cuticular wax.
 It's really cool.
 It repels water, it repels,
 that's why plants are clean,
 despite the fact that, you know,
 water has all sorts of stuff in it,
 the water just rolls off.
 The other thing is, it makes it hard sometimes
 if the plant wants to protect itself from insects
 or other pests.
 The wax itself makes it hard for the insects to walk on.
 They fall off because the wax is kind of like
 a travelator or whatever. - That's cool.
 - And this is, there's an even more weird bit to it.
 There is co-evolution.
 So some plants rely on a single insect
 to walk all over them and fertilize the flowers
 or whatever it might be.
 Some plants have kind of password protected wax.
 So only their chosen insect partner
 can walk along the leaves and the stems
 without falling off and everything else falls off.
 The insect's legs are the password.
 - Oh, just hang on.
 So does the insect's legs specially designed?
 They've got little wax skates on their feet
 or does the plant alter when it feels like an insect?
 - Is it like using your fingerprint to open your phone?
 - Yes, it's exactly like that.
 - This is why King Charles talks to plants.
 They're fucking sentient.
 - Oh no, not this again.
 - Come on.
 - But it's amazing.
 I just found that.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - By the way, if they are sentient then
 you've got a lot of consent to get.
 (laughing)
 - Operation U Tree's got nothing on you.
 (laughing)
 - Anyway.
 - It's a huge industry.
 The making wax to preserve food in industry.
 And it's actually, it was patented in the 1920s
 and Brogdon's original wax and kerosene makers
 who painted it went to the Supreme Court to defend it.
 This is how big a deal it is.
 And these days, things get dipped in baths of it.
 So when you're eating a melon,
 it might have had a bath in wax before it came to you.
 - And it could be made of lots of different types of wax,
 right?
 I think you said kerosene so you can get like paraffin wax.
 Quite a lot of it is.
 And then there's other ones that are less sound like
 they've come for the petrochemical industry.
 - Bees wax, they used to do it in.
 Bees wax is every, you know what?
 Bees get a lot of credit for honey,
 but people don't talk about the wax that much.
 - In the middle ages, they went on about it a lot.
 - Did they?
 - Oh my God.
 (laughing)
 They really wanked on about it properly.
 - I think they were quite right.
 - Well, because like in those days,
 you had to light your house with candles, right?
 And if you were just a normal person, a pleb like me,
 then you would get it using tallow.
 So you would cook your meat,
 and then there would be some fat there.
 And then a chandler, a candle maker would come round
 to your house and he'd pick up all of the goo
 and he'd turn it into a candle and you would burn it.
 But it would stink.
 It would really, really stink.
 And all the houses would smell of burnt rubbish.
 But then the church decided, well, we don't want that.
 We want perfect white candles.
 And we want it not to smell like old garbage.
 And so they had to have beeswax.
 And the beeswax industry in that time was off the charts.
 They were like wars because the price
 of beeswax went too high.
 - Right.
 - And they used it for everything, right?
 They used it for lubricant, for waterproofing,
 for all cosmetics are made of beeswax.
 They didn't really have any other materials
 except beeswax, practically.
 - The other reason it was so good in church is,
 is because they thought that bees were virgin born,
 like Jesus.
 - Oh.
 - There was this thing.
 And if you own bees and you look in your beehive,
 they never have sex.
 You can sit there watching them as long as you want, Dan.
 They will not have sex.
 Because they go, they kind of find a little region
 and they all fly, all the drones fly to this little region
 and then the queen flies there as well.
 And then they have sex in the air while they're flying.
 And then they all come back.
 So no one ever saw them have sex
 or they thought they were virgins.
 - But that's the same as humans.
 I never see humans have sex because very similarly,
 they go to a special place where I'm not allowed
 and they have sex there.
 I don't assume everyone's a virgin
 just because I haven't seen any of them shagging.
 People were stupid in the middle ages, weren't they?
 - Wow.
 Can I tell you a thing about ancient Roman beeswax?
 This is so cool.
 Okay, I love this.
 So you would have a wax mast made of yourself
 and it was for use in life,
 but it was also for use at your funeral.
 - What would you use it for in life?
 - I'm getting onto that.
 Jesus.
 - Sorry, you went straight to death.
 - Sorry, sorry, sorry.
 But it's all connected, that's the weird thing.
 So about the age we all are, about 35 to 40,
 you would have a wax mask made of yourself
 and when you had reached political high office,
 that's the four of us all have, sure,
 you would have them in your hall,
 but you would also have your ancestors wax masks,
 normally male ones, but often some female ones too,
 if you're a very politically connected family.
 And at a funeral, you would hire a load of men
 to wear these masks and pretend to be your male ancestors.
 And if it was your funeral,
 someone would be wearing a mask of you at your funeral,
 dressed as you, dressed as the highest office you've achieved,
 they would wear like a podcaster uniform or whatever.
 - Is this the highest office we're gonna achieve?
 - I'm afraid so.
 - Yeah, they would take the piss out of you a bit as well,
 wouldn't they?
 - They would.
 - I think they would wear this mask and wear your clothes
 and then go up to your friends and go,
 "Oh, I'm an idiot."
 - That's quite nice.
 Why did we stop doing it?
 - I don't know.
 - And then we should bring it back.
 - The fall of Rome, yet again, screwing everything up.
 But the other thing you would have in your front hall,
 you would have this wall of faces,
 like here are my male ancestors,
 you would have a wall of your family tree,
 and you would have a wall of military spoils
 that your family had seized in battle.
 So as someone came into your front hall,
 they would get the full works of like,
 "Here is what a great kind of guy I am."
 - Nice.
 - Hey, actually, back to candles and sex,
 were we talking about that at all?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Have you guys read about brothel candles?
 - No.
 - I think I can guess what they are.
 - Yeah, so this is interesting.
 This is around the 1880s,
 and it was into the early 1900s.
 The idea was that in the brothel itself,
 every sex worker there would have a candle
 that would burn down in seven minutes,
 and that's how you knew when the session was over.
 - That's a lot of pressure,
 which you don't want, do you?
 That's gonna ruin it.
 I mean, you know,
 I'm not asking you personally down,
 and I don't want to know the answer.
 - You got any seven second candles?
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - It is time for fact number three,
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week
 is that the first known example of mastitis
 was in an empress called a tosser.
 (laughing)
 She was cured,
 and the doctor's payment was to be allowed
 to invade Greece.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, so we're talking the Achaemenid Empire,
 as I'm sure you all know,
 based in Iran in the fifth century BC.
 They were the biggest empire in the world at the time,
 and then eventually they went on and fought the Greeks,
 and if you know that movie, The 300, I think it's called,
 - It's a documentary, isn't it?
 - It's a documentary.
 Well, it's about 300 Spartans
 who fought against all these Persians,
 and these are the bad guys in that movie.
 - Oh, yes, they got a very, very bad rap,
 the Persians in this film,
 as in the portrayal as being really dreadful types.
 - Well, they were like, I haven't seen the movie,
 but they're like, they were super soldiers.
 - Normally when you say, I haven't seen the movie,
 it's 'cause we're talking about quite a good movie,
 and you absolutely don't have to watch 300.
 - That's good to know.
 I haven't watched the first 299,
 so I wouldn't know what was happening anyway.
 - So, Etosse, she was the daughter of King Cyrus the Great,
 she was the wife of Darius the Great,
 and she was the mother of Xerxes the Great.
 - Okay.
 - So, behind every great man, there was Etosse.
 (audience laughing)
 And she was like, a lot of what we know about her
 was written by Herodotus,
 and he basically put her as the power behind the throne
 in all these different situations.
 - And he was Greek.
 - And he was Greek, so he was writing about them, yeah.
 - Yeah, she was also a wife twice, right?
 - Three, I think.
 - Okay, but she married her brother at one point, didn't she?
 - She did marry her brother.
 - Not her choice.
 - No.
 - His choice.
 - His choice.
 It was kind of a dumb thing at the time,
 and her brother was basically trying to get the empire,
 and he thought that this,
 a bit like the Egyptians would sometimes marry brothers
 and sisters because it would make them a stronger unit.
 - Well, I think it was illegal to do that.
 - It wasn't, he made it legal.
 - Yeah, that's a good thing about being king,
 and he actually married two of his sisters, didn't he?
 He married her and another sister,
 and I think he might have married his niece
 at one point as well.
 - Wait, was that, was that Cambyses, just to be?
 - Yeah, Cambyses, yeah.
 - The first husband of a tosser.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay.
 - But you were quite limited,
 because if you belonged to one of the noble,
 poshest families, or the royal family at that time,
 you could only marry someone from the seven,
 which is such a cool thing to be a member of,
 and it was the seven most important families.
 - So it was a small pool.
 - I think Snow White had the same issue, didn't she?
 (laughing)
 - But then Cambyses, the brother, went away,
 and their brother, Bardia, usurped the throne.
 This is all kind of very, very late gossip of the,
 how's it pronounced?
 Akameneid?
 - The Akimeneid.
 - Or Persian.
 - Just call it the Persian.
 - Persian, the Persian empire.
 But then the person, Darius the Great,
 was the one who became her big deal husband,
 and he assassinated Bardia, who was the usurper.
 And then to sort of cement his control of power,
 he married all Cyrus the Great's female descendants.
 - Yeah.
 - As in just, he married the whole family.
 - It was a different time.
 - It was a different time.
 - Not so many trees in Persia.
 - No.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, they were brutal, though, weren't they,
 the Persians, with the torture that they did.
 - Oh, really?
 - Well, it's just the examples are wild.
 Like, I was reading about, so Cambyses,
 he had a judge who had done some behind the scenes stuff
 that he was unhappy with.
 And so he basically had this judge killed,
 and then stripped of his skin,
 and then to remind any next judge
 not to do all the bad stuff that this guy had done,
 they laid the strips of his skin over the judge's chair
 that the next judge had to sit on, right?
 So the next judge was sitting on the previous judge.
 - Wow.
 - And the next judge was the son of the previous judge.
 - Oh, no.
 - By the way, so weird that the groan came
 only when I said the son had to sit
 on the skin of the guitar.
 - But is it possible that this is a load
 of kind of Greek-y propaganda?
 'Cause I think most, like loads of what we know about Persia
 comes from historians like Herodotus, who were Greek,
 and had a good reason for--
 - That is true.
 - In fact, a tosser who is written about
 as the most important powerful female member
 of the Achaemenid Empire, also maybe didn't exist.
 Maybe, so-- - Wow, why?
 - Well, she's the only sources we have are Herodotus,
 who famously made up a lot of shit.
 I sometimes like to think that Herodotus just made it all up,
 and basically everything we know
 about Greek and Persian history is just from his head.
 But I think it's Herodotus, an Aeschylus play
 that mentioned her, but so it could be.
 - Well, we know that Darius existed.
 - Definitely, and Cyrus the Great--
 - I think Cyrus existed, and Xerxes existed.
 - 100%, Cyrus the Great was great, by the way.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - You know, you read about old kings, emperors, et cetera,
 and they're all bastards.
 Cyrus the Great, he's one of those annoying people,
 he's just a good, all-round guy.
 He's just constantly doing nice stuff,
 so he forgave people constantly.
 He was very famous for when he invaded somewhere,
 he'd, instead of killing people or taking them prisoner,
 he'd draw them into his bureaucracy
 or into the top of his military.
 He was the grandson of this guy.
 - What a nice guy.
 (laughing)
 - What, that is nice.
 - I've taken over your entire country.
 I'm gonna let you join my side.
 - It was a different time.
 - It was a different time.
 - It is a different time.
 - It was, that meant good in those days.
 He famously captured Babylon.
 He did it quite cleverly at night,
 so he overnight managed to divert the whole river Euphrates
 into a canal so that his soldiers could just walk
 across a riverbed, and so he arrived in Babylon.
 Everyone in Babylon woke up and gave up,
 well, oh my God, how did you get here?
 And he released all the Jews there,
 had been taken captive there,
 and said, you know, said you can go back to Jerusalem,
 so Jewish people loved him.
 He defeated his grandpa, who tried to murder him,
 and immediately forgave him,
 although I think he killed all of his grandpa's kids,
 'cause they might be threats.
 But every good guy--
 - Does that include his dad?
 - I don't think it did include his dad, no.
 He didn't include his own dad.
 - You really, the more you talk about this Cyrus guy,
 the less unconvinced you--
 - Yeah, he was the guy who started this army
 that's in the 300, and they were known as the Immortals,
 and there were 10,000 of them in this army.
 And the way that they did it was,
 if ever any of them got killed or injured or a bit sick
 or just didn't fancy it, then they would go off,
 they would take them off the battlefield
 and immediately replace them with someone else.
 - Right.
 - So as far as you're concerned, the enemy,
 there are always 10,000 of them,
 and so you think they are immortal.
 - Can you just tap out by raising a hand?
 (all laughing)
 I've really had a great time.
 I've met a lot of friends, but I'm done.
 - Is it like NFL?
 Is that what they do in NFL?
 - Oh yeah, bring on the offense.
 I think they're all offense in this case.
 (all laughing)
 They were tiaras.
 They were called tiaras, but they were actually felt caps.
 - Right.
 - And the main thing they used was a spear,
 and it was a really long spear,
 and they had a counterbalance at the end of the spear,
 and the counterbalance would be a different type of fruit,
 depending on how good you were.
 So the best possible thing you could have
 was a little like an apple at the end of your spear,
 and then you were part of the apple regiment.
 - Well, 'cause that meant you had to suspend
 more weight at the front,
 or as if you had like a watermelon.
 - Yeah, so the counterbalance was so that you could have
 a longer spear and it wouldn't dip down,
 but actually the weight of the thing would always be the same,
 it would just be in the shape of an apple
 or a banana or a grape or something.
 - That's nice.
 - I'm trying to think of a really shit fruit
 if you had a raspberry or something on the end, or...
 - They were kind of famously luxury-loving the Persians,
 and this again is a lot of propaganda
 that was dished out by the Greeks.
 Basically, the Greeks kept saying,
 "These people wear trousers,
 "they're just too addicted to luxury."
 (audience laughing)
 Genuinely, that was an example that is...
 Their kings have parasols.
 Embarrassing.
 A servant has to shade your king with a little umbrella.
 It's a little bit weak, so there was a lot of that.
 But one of the great things they had in the Persian Empire,
 post, so as I look at this,
 it's now less exciting than I think it...
 (audience laughing)
 I think it's just really interesting.
 They have an amazing postal system.
 Sometimes you look down at a note,
 the confidence just drains,
 like all the blood drains from the face.
 (audience laughing)
 - Did they have a morning and afternoon post, Andy?
 (audience laughing)
 James, they had so many posts.
 Honestly, they make the current post office look
 absolute dog shit.
 They were just...
 (audience laughing)
 Like a huge empire, so you have to get stuff,
 you know, like thousands of kilometers.
 - Yeah, so it went basically all the way to the Balkans,
 like where Albania is today,
 all the way to the edge of where Iran is today.
 So it's absolutely massive.
 - Exactly, and they had this amazing thing called
 the Royal Road, which was basically only allowed
 for the use of posties and the army.
 And to go all the way from Western Iran
 to what is now Western Turkey,
 a place called Sardis,
 two and a half thousand kilometers,
 on foot it would take three months,
 they could get posted in a week.
 - Right, so amazing. - So that genuinely
 was amazing, and it was the fastest land travel system
 in the world at the time,
 'cause it relied on very, very fast horse relays.
 You would just ride a horse for, you know,
 as long as it could go, and as soon as it stopped,
 another horseman would take the post and go on.
 - Yes, and the stations were set up for that, weren't they?
 So Cyrus, when he set up the post stations,
 worked out exactly how long the horse
 can go at full speed before it just collapses,
 and then where the horse is fainted,
 he builds a little post office.
 - Lovely man. - And then he's like,
 "Leave the next horse here, a nice guy."
 - I should just explain the fact.
 - Oh yeah. - That he started with.
 - Oh yeah. - This doctor,
 who was allowed to invade Greece.
 So he was called Demosides,
 and he'd been previously taken as a slave in a raid,
 and he'd found himself in this Achaemenid empire.
 And Darius the Great, who was a tosser's husband,
 he had broken his ankle, right?
 He'd fallen off his horse,
 and really actually dislocated his ankle.
 And all of his doctors tried to help him,
 and the way they tried to help him
 was basically yanking him around,
 and pulling him up and down,
 and hopefully it would get back in place.
 - Right. - And he absolutely hated it.
 He was unable to sleep, he was in so much pain.
 But he found this guy, Demosides,
 who had been taken as a slave,
 and this guy was a doctor.
 And Demosides made his leg better,
 and to say thank you,
 he gave him two sets of golden shackles.
 So he was basically saying,
 "You're still enslaved, but at least you've got gold now."
 - Nice. - Oh, wow.
 - Anyway, so then Demosides becomes very popular.
 A tosser gets his boil on her breast.
 We think now it's mastitis because he managed to cure her,
 and he wouldn't be able to do any surgery,
 and she lived quite a long age,
 so we think it probably was mastitis.
 He manages to cure her, and he says,
 "I will only cure you if you give me anything in return."
 She says, "Fine."
 He says, "Well, let me go to Greece as part of a raid."
 And then when he gets to Greece, he escapes,
 because that's where he was from originally
 when he was enslaved. - Oh, yeah.
 - So that's kind of the story.
 - And he goes back to Croton, which is where he was from,
 and he marries the daughter
 of a really famous wrestler called Milo.
 And this guy is extraordinary.
 Have we spoken about him before?
 - I don't think so. - I don't think we have.
 He was an Olympian. He won six Olympic events in his time,
 and he was just one of those guys who was so big and massive,
 he could do feets of strength that almost seemed impossible,
 so he could hold out his arm with his fingers outstretched
 and challenge people to attempt to bend his little finger,
 and they couldn't do it.
 They would be trying, and he'd be going, "Wah!"
 He would stand on a greased iron disc
 and challenge people to push him off it.
 They never could.
 He could hold a pomegranate in one hand
 and challenge others to take it from him.
 Nobody could.
 And despite holding it very tightly, it was never damaged.
 This guy is incredible.
 And in his off years, he was trained by carrying
 a newborn calf on his back every day
 until the Olympics took place,
 by which time he was carrying a four-year-old cow on his back,
 and he would carry it the length of the stadium
 and then kill it, roast it, and eat it as part of like,
 an intimate, like doing the hacker that the New Zealanders do.
 It was like his intimidation process.
 What a life for that cow.
 What the hell?
 Incredible.
 Four years on someone's shoulders and then killed.
 Yeah, exactly.
 You'd think you're like best buddies,
 but then suddenly, yeah.
 And so then the legend goes that he died
 when he tried to show one final bit of feeder strength,
 which was he was passing a man who was chopping a tree,
 and he said, "I will rip this trunk in half
 "with my bare hands."
 And the guy said, "Incredible."
 He said, "What an honor for you to do that, Milo."
 And for some reason, the guy then went off while he did it,
 and as he stretched to separate it,
 something cracked and his fingers went in and he got stuck,
 and he just died 'cause the guy didn't come back.
 Oh, my gosh.
 But he did win the tree-hugging contest
 for three years in a row.
 We're gonna move on to our final fact of the show,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that one way to tell how deep you are
 when scuba diving is to take a set of snooker balls with you.
 Is that 'cause you're at the bottom if you've done that?
 You've sunk to the bottom.
 Or is it because you're so fat
 once you can't hear the snooker players going,
 "Where you going with that balls?"
 Then you know you're a certain number.
 No, you're in trouble.
 No, this is a fascinating thing that I didn't know,
 which is that as you go lower into the ocean,
 different bits of color disappear.
 And so if you had no way of knowing how deep you are,
 you can consult your snooker balls,
 and if you can see that your red ball is no longer red,
 that your yellow ball is no longer yellow,
 but your green ball is still green,
 then you know that you're roughly where you are in the ocean.
 It is genius, Anna, I must say.
 Fascinating, so this is...
 It's very inconvenient to have to take a set of snooker balls.
 No, no, no, Anna.
 Oh, contraire, because I looked,
 and the cheapest depth gauge you can get online is £30,
 but the cheapest set of snooker balls is only £15.
 There you go. I'll take it back.
 What if you drop one, and then...
 You better hope it's a red one.
 But, like, how will you know what color they are?
 Because you can still see the colors.
 So, okay, so say you're going down, say you're going down.
 At about 20 feet, red stops being red.
 Okay, so you know all the red balls look grey.
 Yes, exactly, so you're like, "Ah, I must be about 20 feet down."
 You go down to 50 feet, orange disappears altogether.
 "Oh, I must be at 50 feet."
 You keep going down. "Where's yellow gone? I'm 100 feet deep."
 So the more you go down, color starts disappearing.
 And it's fascinating. So, for example, if you were, let's say,
 50 feet below the ocean, maybe even 100,
 and you cut yourself, you would bleed green blood,
 because that color would be morphing towards...
 So, people... I think it's quite, I think it's even just, like, 10 meters.
 Because red disappears very fast. Red is a shit color.
 It's got no energy. It sees one bit of water and disappears into it.
 And I think on diving websites, it says, like,
 early scuba divers, if they cut themselves, can get quite shocked,
 because you're eight meters underwater and you go, "I'm an alien!"
 But this is the amazing thing.
 This is why so many fish red, because loads of fish are red,
 and they're doing it in the deep sea, loads of fish are red,
 and it's for camouflage, because you can't see red at that depth.
 So they look grey or black, all the red light has been absorbed.
 They're basically invisible.
 But blue is the color that lasts the longest and penetrates the best.
 So there are very few animals which have big blue bodies.
 The blue whale is basically so confident.
 Like, they're none predators.
 But in the reefs, you get, like, blue and yellow fish, don't you?
 And the reason is that they want to signal where they are
 for sexual reasons or something like that, or scare things away.
 And yellow is the complementary color to blue.
 So the complementary color to red is green.
 They really contrast against each other.
 The complementary color to blue is yellow.
 So that's why you get lots of blue and yellow fish.
 But also it means if there were traffic lights in the fish world,
 there would be no use being red and green,
 because the red would disappear straight away.
 They would have to be blue, which is the thing that stands out the most.
 So the red light would be blue,
 and the green light would be the complementary color to that,
 which would be yellow.
 And if you look at Spongebob Squarepants, they get it wrong.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I should quickly say where I got this fact from,
 because I was reading a novel when we were on tour.
 We were in Dublin, and I bought this book on the way over,
 which was "Wailfall" by Daniel Krause.
 It's a science fiction book, so it's all fictional, but this was in it.
 And it's the story of a guy who's going scuba diving,
 and he's accidentally swallowed by a whale.
 And while he's in the whale, he's still got the scuba gear on him,
 so he makes it into one of the stomachs,
 and he knows he has an hour of oxygen left,
 and it's the story of how he attempts to get out of the whale within an hour.
 It's one of those books. It's like the Martian...
 It's proper science trying to work out how to not be digested in a whale stomach.
 I learned so much despite it being fiction.
 I know, for example, if you do get swallowed by a whale and you're in its stomach,
 don't try to escape via the anus.
 Not going to work for you.
 You need to go back out the other way.
 I'm not going to say whether or not he makes it out, but don't do that.
 Does he try the anus?
 He does. His initial thought is,
 "I need to just go all the way out through the end."
 This guy sounds like an idiot.
 Well, I think when you're inside...
 Wait, what's wrong with that?
 What, because you get digested by the digestive juices?
 It feels like...
 What does he discover as a scientifically incorrect reason?
 One thing is that a whale doesn't want to eat you.
 It wants you out of it. It's not a nice thing for them.
 You can see inside a whale because largely it swallows bioluminescence,
 so actually, you can get sight inside a whale.
 What you mean it swallows stuff that's bioluminescence?
 Yeah, exactly. So, it might swallow an octopus that has bioluminescence attached to it,
 so you can use that as a torch.
 You can use an octopus as a torch inside a stomach.
 Oh, my God, I've lost a snooker ball.
 Did you get 90% of animals in the ocean glow in the dark?
 Which makes sense because, as we say, all colours go away,
 so they have to make their own colour.
 But 90% have fluorescent colours that show up.
 And as we say, if you don't have fluorescent colours
 and you want to disguise yourself in your prey,
 then you're often red or black.
 But that becomes a problem if you meet a dragonfish,
 which is the only fish that can actually generate red light.
 So, the dragonfish knows that it's so deep down
 that red light can't penetrate, so it brings its own.
 And it's got these headlights under its eyes,
 kind of like wall paint, and they flash red.
 And so, as soon as they land on a fish that's red,
 that thinks it's completely invisible, it shows up red.
 The only problem is that red doesn't travel very far in water,
 so they have to get literally centimetres away from the prey.
 But they basically have a...
 They effectively have an invisible torch.
 Because nothing else can see the red. Nothing else can see it.
 Only they can see what they're trying to do.
 Like one of those blue light things that you get, like UV torches, right?
 Like that. They're very cool.
 But they can't have an eye test,
 because if you bring them to the surface, they will explode.
 LAUGHTER
 Now, if you could just read the first...
 Oh, what was that?
 That's so funny.
 On sea colour, colour in the sea,
 oceans used to be pink.
 And, in fact, the whole world was pink.
 Is that like a bacteria thing?
 It is a bacteria thing. Yes.
 Good guess, Dan.
 10 points.
 I'm the only member of this family that gets marked
 when they say something remotely correct.
 Well done, you have a star.
 And how many marks are you up to after 10 years?
 This is my first one, but it's a good feeling.
 It's improvement.
 And this is the revelation quite recently
 that the world's oldest colour is pink.
 And this is from researchers who found ancient pink pigments
 in rocks that were 1.1 billion years old.
 And so they were over 500 million years older
 than the second oldest known pigment.
 And they're fossils of chlorophyll.
 But back in the day, really back in the day then,
 chlorophyll is now green, that's what makes plants green.
 But back then, it was pink.
 And it was this pink produced by ancient bacteria.
 And that was all there was.
 And that was what the oceans were full of.
 And so the whole world was pink.
 Barbie's world was 1.1 billion years ago.
 You knew she was old-fashioned, but...
 Have you guys heard of yum, yum, yellow?
 Yum, yum, yum, yellow.
 Yum, yum, yellow.
 No. Is it the yellow of that mustard yellow
 that is meant to make us think it's delicious, whatever it is?
 Um, no.
 Is it sea-based? Is it sponge-bog?
 It's sea-based. Is it a starfish?
 It's not. What have I already said about yellow?
 The yellow and blue fish on the reefs?
 Yes. So yellow is very easy to see under water.
 And there is a theory that if you're wearing yum, yum, yellow
 when you're scuba diving,
 you're more likely to get eaten by sharks.
 Oh!
 And scuba divers will talk about this,
 and they'll say you should never wear yum, yum, yellow.
 It comes from early...
 In the World War II, there was a lot of incidents in the Pacific
 where US Navy people would end up in the water
 and they'd get eaten by sharks and stuff like that.
 It comes from that originally.
 And we're not really sure whether it...
 Not it's true that sharks do go for yellow.
 Are we saying people aren't willing to test this?
 Well, it seems theoretical that it's true.
 But the international shark attack file said,
 "The benefit of increasing one's chances of being rescued
 far outweighs the minimal risk of attracting a shark."
 So the thing is, if you're yellow, people will be able to see you
 and be able to rescue you.
 There was a person called Valerie Taylor who invented a wetsuit
 which had the same markings as sea snakes,
 because grey-white sharks don't like sea snakes.
 And the theory was that they would see you
 and think you were a snake and then would swim away.
 And it's a really good theory.
 -The only problem... -She got eaten.
 Well, tiger sharks are keen predators of sea snakes.
 Oh, no!
 So it does save you from the great wikes,
 but the tigers will still get you.
 Do you know, that's a new thing, sea snakes.
 In 2021, a report was done by a scuba diver
 who noticed that every time he was going into the water,
 sea snakes were trying to shag him.
 And it was because they can't really see.
 The only way they can know properly
 what they are going to be eating is by tasting it.
 So they wrap themselves around the legs
 and the torsos of scuba divers,
 and they start licking them and then going,
 "Oh, no, this is not a sea snake."
 But this...
 Wait, do they want to...
 Are they testing if they want to eat it or shag it, sorry?
 So it's mating season, and because they can't see,
 basically in order to know what they're dealing with,
 they need to lick it.
 And that's not good.
 The other thing with sea snakes is the way of cutting
 is the male will go up and look for a female,
 and then the female will swim away.
 And so if you're a diver and the load of sea snakes
 come up to you and you swim off away from them,
 they think you're playing hard to get.
 Yeah.
 So apparently the best thing to do is just go to the bottom
 of the reef and just let them...
 Let them go?
 Let them have a go.
 All right.
 And soon they'll realize
 that you're not a sea snake and bugger off.
 Yeah. Wow.
 There was a study recently of a body of water,
 a body of water that one of us loves more
 than any other in the world.
 Oh, gosh, I don't have a favourite
 body of water, I don't think.
 Dan, you've been there looking for a...
 Oh, Loch Ness.
 Oh, Loch Ness, right.
 There was a theory that maybe, just maybe,
 a very, very big eel might be the Loch Ness monster,
 like a six metre long eel.
 Carl Sagan, great scientist,
 admittedly more of space than of water,
 thought that there could be 310 metre eels living there.
 And if they all teamed up,
 they could look very convincingly like the Loch Ness monster.
 And there was a study, a sort of troll of the DNA in the water,
 and they found huge amounts of eel DNA.
 And so, right, we're on a winner.
 Like, maybe the Loch Ness monster
 is actually just a load of eels.
 But unfortunately, the latest thinking
 is that probably there are not giant eels living there.
 Because the maximum length of a European eel,
 as I don't need to remind you guys,
 is about 0.9 metres long.
 The odds of finding a six metre eel are very slim.
 But that just means six ties more of them
 need to get together to pretend to be a Loch Ness monster, right?
 Yeah, they just need to buy a bigger trenchcoat.
 Yeah, well, so maybe, maybe that's it.
 Quite a cool thing related to Dan's original fact
 about wavelengths travelling different amounts underwater.
 You know when it's been a hot sunny day,
 and you think, oh, I'll get in the river
 because it's a nice hot sunny day,
 and you put your toe in and it's like,
 oh, the water's so warm and nice.
 And then you put your full foot in,
 it's fucking freezing underneath that.
 That is because in the electromagnetic spectrum,
 which you'll remember from school,
 infrared waves have an even longer wavelength than red,
 and they're the ones that we get heat from.
 And so when they come from the sun,
 the heat lands in the water
 and immediately spreads on the surface
 and it only gets 10 centimetres down max.
 So that's why, I mean, obviously,
 then it does mix in a bit because it's liquid,
 but that is why when you put your foot in the water
 and you think, lovely.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, then...
 Interestingly, that's the same with trees, right?
 So if you...
 Oh, here we go.
 God, it all comes back to that, please.
 No, no, it's true.
 If you hug, wrap your arms around the lower trunk of daddy
 and you're going to have a colder experience.
 So they found this out with koalas, basically.
 It's a very similar thing,
 which is that koalas, when it gets really hot,
 they travel down a tree and they hug a tree much lower
 and they did scans on the tree to see the heat signals.
 On a lower bit of a tree, it's always colder.
 So they're regulating themselves
 because they don't sweat koalas.
 They have to sort of lick out the wetness out of them.
 They lick themselves and they're not evaporated
 and takes away the heat.
 I mean, that's a different way of saying it.
 They don't have to suck their own sweat out.
 But this thing actually about the koalas is interesting
 because that study was done a few years ago, right?
 And they wondered if anyone else did it
 and they found that there's a type of lima
 called the white sifaka.
 And they do the same thing in Madagascar.
 And the amazing thing about that,
 they hug the trees because they want to get cool.
 Because the water comes up from below,
 it's a little bit cooler, it can keep them cool.
 And what they found out is that they never do it
 until the temperature gets to 30 degrees.
 And then for each one degree increase,
 it doubles the chances of the limas going there.
 So it means that if you're in Madagascar
 and you don't have a thermometer with you,
 all you have to do is count the number of limas
 who are around the trunk.
 And that'll tell you what the temperature is.
 That's incredible.
 That's amazing.
 Guys, we're going to have to wrap up.
 That's so good.
 And do you know what kind of TV dolphins like?
 Well, we're talking about seeing things underwater.
 It won't be flipper-eyed.
 It won't be stuff that they're in.
 Well, I don't really like to watch things that I'm in.
 What do dolphins like?
 They love fish to eat fish.
 Reality stuff.
 Reality shows.
 Yeah.
 Well, some scientists showed some bottle noses,
 Planet Earth and SpongeBob SquarePants.
 And tried to see whether they prefer real life underwater scenes
 or ones where they stupidly get the traffic lights wrong.
 And it turns out that actually dolphins are interested
 in all TV shows no matter what is on.
 I knew they were stupid.
 Although male dolphins slightly preferred
 to watch videos of female dolphins.
 OK.
 Just like your average British man at the end of any day, really.
 I'll watch anything.
 Mildly prefer it if there's a female in it.
 Good on him.
 Lovely thought to end on.
 I've got that right.
 That makes you think.
 Meanwhile, Dan's watching Forestry Live 24 hours a day.
 OK, everyone.
 That is it.
 That is our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us,
 find us on our socials.
 Email us.
 We'd love to hear from you.
 Otherwise, Cardiff, that was awesome.
 Thank you so much for having us.
 We will be back again as we will see you then.
 Goodbye!
 Bye!
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
