 Oh no, they're not gonna wake me up.
 Oh no, they're not gonna wake me up.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin, and Anna Tajinsky, and once
 again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last
 seven days, and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that Paris's first public transport system failed because wealthy passengers bought
 all the seats for themselves and then persuaded the government to ban poor people.
 Wow.
 Incredible.
 But if they were selling all the tickets, surely that's not a failure.
 Well, then the rich apparently does lost interest and then stopped using it, and then no one
 was using it.
 So it was a complete disaster.
 This is from an article on Lapham's Quarterly, which is an amazing website.
 It's really brilliant.
 It's got so many fascinating things on it, and it's partly based on this brilliant sounding
 book about buses, which is called "Engine of Modernity" by Masha Belenky.
 Andy, have you already moved on from Fennicular Railways then?
 I'm afraid so.
 So this was called The Carrots, and it was set up by Blaise Pascal.
 So we briefly actually mentioned before that Blaise Pascal set up the first public transport
 system in Paris, but I didn't know what happened to it.
 And it was basically a carriage with eight passengers and two staff, and they were rude.
 I'm sorry, when was it?
 Did you say?
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 It was in 1662.
 And who was Blaise Pascal again?
 He was a thinker, mathematician, probability dude, and what's Paris again?
 I'm sorry, who were you?
 Anyway, the point is, wealthy riders didn't like sharing with poor people.
 I think they weren't even, I think, really poor people were not even allowed on in the first
 place.
 So I think wealthy people didn't like even sharing with the middle classes.
 And so they would buy up all the seats in the carriage for themselves.
 And it lasted, I think, a few weeks.
 It was this really weird attempt to set up public transport, which didn't work because social
 hierarchy just got in line.
 Oh, I think it lasted a bit longer than that, because they had quite a few different routes
 by the end.
 So they started off.
 It was Blaise Pascal.
 He put the money in, along with a few other people, including the Duke of Roane.
 And the first route went from Pascal's house to the Duke of Roane's house, just by coincidence.
 And it went through the centre of Paris, but it did pick people up on the way.
 And then they, I think they had three or four other lines, and then they even had a circle
 line that connected all of them.
 And it was carried on going even after Pascal died, but once he died, it kind of went off.
 And they banned, the government banned soldiers and pages and other kind of livery to people
 in uniform kind of people.
 And when they banned those, everyone rioted against it, and that's kind of when it all
 fell out of favour.
 So this is what I did, because I read that, and I didn't quite understand why people wanted
 men in uniform banned.
 Well, they were the middle class, basically.
 A men in uniform would be not the working class, but not the, not the post shows.
 They'd be the in between people that you didn't really want to, want to mix with.
 Right.
 So they had, they had a fashion ban on the bus, then, right?
 Did they have people, was it the doctor's job, or the bus driver's job to go, "I'm sorry,
 you don't look good enough for my bus."
 Or did you have to provide more concrete evidence, because you can be quite a good looking
 tailor.
 Surely you had to provide your CV, or maybe some really references from the former boys
 or something, and it was to get on the bus.
 I don't really know how they managed to police it, to be honest.
 I suppose.
 I suppose that the other, the other posh people on the bus would go, "That man is a livery
 man."
 Yeah, livery is pretty easy to spot.
 Yeah.
 You could, you know what livery is when you say, "There was actually, I do know one thing
 about how it was police, which is that you could be whipped if you interfered with the operations
 of the bus."
 Wow.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 Quite right, too.
 I mean, you could still be arrested.
 I think if you try to interfere with the operations of a public bus today, if you climb onto
 the driver's lap and take control of the wheel, you are in trouble.
 That's true.
 And there probably is still some sort of fashion laws with modern-day London buses.
 Like, if I went on nude, that might be seen as worthy of not allowing me on.
 True.
 Yeah.
 I just don't know it.
 And this really did sort of fall by the wayside, the idea of public transport for a long time,
 didn't it?
 So obviously you could get coaches and you could, you could hire lots if you could hire a
 private coach or get on a post-chase or whatever, but the idea that a bus would have a specific
 route and you knew when it was going to be wet and you could wait there and pick it up.
 Then didn't come back until 1828, I think, in Europe and in Nantes.
 That's a long gap between buses, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 If you just missed the last one in the 1690s and you're like, OK, I'll wait for the next one.
 It's there on the schedule.
 What?
 Wait?
 Oh, it's fine.
 1828.
 It's only 1747 now.
 That's fine.
 No, it's not the clock.
 1828, too, suddenly came at once.
 It was the classic.
 But he didn't even want it to be a public transport system.
 Really, did he?
 This was a guy called Stanislas Bordry and he had a bathhouse and he basically just
 wanted to get people to his bathhouse and so he put on a public bus in order to transport
 them there and he realised people were getting on it, but they're not getting in the bath
 at the end.
 That would be quite useful for your new bus drives, Stan, you have to get changed when
 you get to the bathhouse.
 It would be amazing if you could get a bus which was going to the swimming pool and
 the bus just ended up in the swimming pool and you could just swim out.
 Oh, like a piece.
 You know what I mean?
 It just goes in and then the bus goes out of the ramp or the swimmers who finish get off.
 Like in the Italian job, is it where there's a bus kind of gets to the edge of the cliff
 at the end and you could kind of jump off the bus and dive into the water?
 That's quite cool.
 Yeah.
 You need to have people, have you seen that movie James?
 Have I fuck?
 You should write a book about films because you are knowledgeable, but you've seen
 none of them.
 It's great.
 The 19th century buses, when they came back, they were the first ones that had an upper deck,
 which was really cool.
 So the upper deck, you could go there for half price, but only if you were a man, they wouldn't
 let women go up there and the reason was because it was deemed unbecoming for a woman
 to go up there in the big skirts that they were wearing and even actually impossible because
 it was like a ladder to get to the top deck and also because it was completely in the open.
 So most of the time you just get drenched by rain or wind or whatever, so it was deemed
 unbecoming for women to get drenched.
 Is that because if someone's following you up the stairs, they see up your dress to your
 panties?
 Well, that might have been some of that in there because actually when they brought the
 public transport into France the second time, it kind of became a thing where it was giving
 women more chance to move around and it was associated with like transgression in women.
 Like a lot of whenever any kind of freedom got given to women in history, like people thought,
 "Oh, this must be a terrible thing."
 Yeah, but as James is saying as well, there's a suggestion, which I think is a very, it's
 a more jokey suggestion that the skirts, the frames of those giant hoop skirts would be
 so large they physically couldn't fit them.
 They would get stuck on the way up, but yeah, but as a result, it became quite a social
 place, the bus and there was sort of known bus perverts who would sort of just hang out
 just so that they could be around all these women.
 I'm so worried, Dan, that you've alighted immediately that it became quite a social place
 and there were these bus perverts.
 So that's the definition of a social place is if you've got a good pervert there, holding
 court.
 I mean, it led to bus pervertism where you would have guys would just spend the whole day
 on the bus and if another lady came on, they would sit next to her or be squashed up next
 to someone, it was the perfect way for the pervert to suddenly have access to a bunch of women,
 which was a big problem.
 Not saying it is a good thing, guys, but the bad buses are quite sociable.
 Now aren't they?
 The Venger bus, for instance.
 Yeah.
 The bus, the bus is Spice World the movie.
 They all had a pervert.
 The acquaintance with buses is from film, even though you don't watch film.
 I just think it is a social thing, the bus, isn't it?
 True.
 Have you seen Spice World the movie?
 No, I obviously haven't seen Spice World the movie.
 I haven't either, but it's got Richard E. Grant, isn't it?
 He's the bus driver.
 He's the manager.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah, but does he also drive the bus?
 I think at what point he does drive the bus, yeah.
 Okay.
 So does Victoria Beckham, but I don't call her the bus driver in the movie.
 Summer holiday with Cliff Richard, that I had a bus in it.
 Yep.
 Yeah.
 I think the Spice World won a Stanley clear coach by the definitions we're running by.
 It's not like anyone could board.
 It's not that Spice Girls paid their 180 fat, got on, and there's lots of other people
 got on and off.
 Didn't the Spice Girls buy out all the seats in that bus, so no one else could get on it?
 Yeah.
 That's right.
 Imagine how long it would take to tour the country if all the buses taking the
 bans around with public buses.
 We got three hours to get there, but we've got 40 stops along the way.
 Can I tell you guys a personal, something personal?
 Yeah.
 Oh, boy.
 I was recently reading an old copy of the Pickwick Papers that I found.
 I think my parents asked ages ago.
 Well, no, I think I inherited it from my grandma.
 Anyway, I opened it to one page, and there was a bus ticket in there, or a tram ticket, sorry.
 It's just a scrap of tram ticket.
 It's from London United tramways, so I looked that up, and that ran from 1894 to 1933.
 And it's punched for a journey in the sort of Wimbledon Kingston area.
 And it says it costs two pennies.
 It was 2D.
 And isn't that cool?
 And I don't know who owned it.
 And I looked at that one, like, looking up the, when the ticket was from, when those stops
 existed, and also the advert on the other side.
 So on the other side, there's an advert for Holloway's magic ointment, or Holloway's
 all-rounder ointment.
 Okay.
 I think it's from 1900.
 Wow.
 What does this ointment do?
 That's what I'm getting from the story.
 It cures absolutely everything, James.
 It's an all-round remedy.
 It's literally said, backache, heart attacks, brain disease, vomiting.
 It's all there.
 Actually, then I went on a stupid rabbit hole that was made by a guy called Thomas Holloway,
 and it made him super rich.
 And so he bought this mansion called Tittonhurst Park, and that, Dan, you do recognise it.
 Why do you recognise it?
 The Beatles?
 Yeah.
 Apparently John Lennon lived there a hundred years after him.
 Yeah, wow.
 So that was a convoluted way that I got to John Lennon via this fact.
 But anyway, isn't that cool?
 I've got a bus ticket from 120 years ago.
 That is very cool.
 I think so.
 Do you know, can I give a quick personal story?
 When I went to Zanzibar on Honeymoon, suddenly coming up next, did you find a bus ticket
 that used to belong to Freddie Mercury or something?
 No, next to me is Anna's grandmother driving a bus, I just couldn't believe it.
 Next to me is a bus that I used to get, not obviously the exact bus, but a bus that I
 used to get in Hong Kong as a kid.
 And I suddenly looked around and all the buses in Zanzibar were the old buses from Hong
 Kong, from my childhood.
 Wow.
 And I think when buses are put out of, you know, when new buses come in to say London
 or whatever, they shift out all these buses to all these different countries.
 Yeah.
 And Zanzibar.
 That is awesome.
 All the old London buses went to Macau, I think.
 So if you, they might not be there anymore, about 10 years ago, if you went on a bus in
 Macau, they were old London buses.
 Wow.
 And the Bendy buses, I think we've said before, they went somewhere super inappropriate.
 Yeah.
 I don't mean like they went to a sex club, but I mean they went to a place where they were
 at the bus.
 Can I quickly tell you the most desperate ever press release I found about buses?
 Okay.
 This was at the time the James Bond film Spectre was coming out.
 The press releases by National Express, the bus company.
 So often sophisticated James Bond is unquestionably one of the most glamorous characters of all time,
 but was the world's most famous by named after a humble bus?
 It's a question National Express hopes to answer once and for all.
 We know where he got his name James Bond.
 I know.
 I know.
 But the 007 bit, I mean.
 Oh, right.
 Okay.
 Sorry, yeah.
 The National Express 007 coach service, which was formerly a bus route when it was taken
 over in 1973, operates nine times daily between Deal and Victoria.
 It has rumored Bond author Fleming was inspired by the destination blind of his local bus to adopt
 the number and they go on and on and on about it.
 And they even got a National Express driver to say, well, James Bond is more likely to be
 seen behind the wheel of a Bentley.
 It's a massive honor to drive the 007 and it certainly attracts a lot of attention.
 It's always a talking point.
 You see heads turning by as you go by and people pointing, they're definitely more passengers
 recently, perhaps because of the new film.
 I would have thought that's definitely the case.
 It turns out that the National Numbering Scheme wasn't actually introduced until the mid-1970s.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number two and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that Aladdin is Chinese.
 What?
 Are you doing your own life for the fact now, Anna?
 Thank you.
 I know.
 Right.
 So I decided I wanted to read Aladdin, so I read about this new translation.
 So I bought it recently, opened it and the very first line of the story.
 No bus tickets in there.
 One way to get on a budget carpet.
 It's a bus ticket from Shanghai, which is how I knew.
 The first line is in one of China's vast and wealthy kingdoms.
 I thought this is a shit translation.
 They've got the bloody country wrong, first sentence.
 But turns out it's bang on and he was from China.
 And so the whole story behind Aladdin and the 2001 Arabian Knights, which is what it's
 a part of, is kind of an amazing story of tales being passed from one country to the next.
 So basically it was written down for the first time by a French guy called Antoine Galon.
 And this is in the very early 1700s.
 And he'd been told it by a Syrian who he'd met, a guy from Aleppo.
 And the Syrian had told it as him being a Chinese person.
 So it was told in Arabia, but Aladdin was Chinese.
 And it was just this thing where whenever something is kind of exotic or foreign, we go
 east.
 We seem to just go east when we're telling a story as an exotic or foreign.
 So if you were in Persia, then you wanted to convey that something was like exotic or
 a bit strange, you put it in China, set it in China.
 And I don't know what you do in Chinese, set it in Japan, yeah, Japan, Alaska.
 Is his name Aladdin then?
 Because that's not a very Chinese name.
 No, this is the weird thing about it.
 The details are quite Arabic.
 So they didn't read no much about actual China, but they were just setting it in China.
 So throughout the story, you'll read, you know, he was in one of these classic Chinese
 palaces.
 And then they'll describe the palace and it'll be a combination of an Arabian palace with
 some French influence because it was written down by a French guy.
 Was there a theory that Galon had invented it himself as well?
 Because it took a long time to track down the Syrian who, it's a monk who had told him
 the story.
 Yeah, this is also amazing.
 Yeah.
 I love that this was, this mystery was solved sort of hundreds of years later.
 So yeah, Galon said that he'd, he wrote down a thousand and one nights, the Arabic stories.
 And then people were clamoring for more.
 And so he wrote down some more stories that weren't in the original Arabic version he
 was translating.
 And he said that he'd been told them by this Syrian guy.
 But everyone sort of assumed he'd just made them up and then given them this origin story
 from Syria.
 And then they found the autobiography of the Syrian guy who's called Hannah Diab.
 They found the autobiography in 1993, isn't it, which I just, it's how incredible is that
 sort of 280 years later?
 Does he say it is autobiography, met a French guy today and told him this brilliant story
 about a Chinese guy in the lab?
 He does, he mentions it.
 He does, he mentions it in his memoirs.
 And there is a theory now, a new theory which is that the story of Aladdin might be an
 autobiography of this guy called Diab.
 And he's talking about when he arrived in Paris because he arrived in Versailles and they
 had all these wonderful things.
 And Aladdin is obviously the story of a young boy who kind of gets lots of riches and
 stuff.
 And so it might have been him kind of turning his experiences into an Arabic story.
 Wow.
 Well, definitely influenced by his time in France anyway.
 Because yeah, when Aladdin magics is palessed out of nothing, it's very much Versailles
 influenced.
 It's pretty amazing that this was a very famous text for its time, right?
 The Arabian Nights.
 And then this guy comes along.
 He adds not only probably the most famous story, which is Aladdin, but he also adds the story
 of Ali Barba and the 40 Thieves.
 He adds the seven voyages of Simbad, the sailor, the three most famous stories probably had
 nothing to do with the original.
 It's fanfiction.
 Yeah.
 He added to a book which has suddenly overtaken the book.
 Yeah, he was, it wasn't that famous when he was translating it, was it?
 I don't think.
 And he was kind of the one who made it famous.
 And the problem was like Europe, yeah, yeah, sorry, in Europe for sure.
 But like I kind of said, people wanted more.
 And so his publishers just started going, oh, we'll just write some more, then put them
 in your name.
 So they started taking other stories from Turkey and from other parts of Eastern Europe
 and then putting them in as part of the 1,001 Nights.
 And he's like, no, no, wait, no, don't put those shit ones in.
 I'll give you some more.
 I'll give you some more.
 Like these new ones like Symbad and Aladdin came from.
 That's a good way to threaten an author.
 To threaten to write the sequel really badly.
 That's true.
 They should do that with George R.R. Martin, shouldn't they?
 They should say, we're just going to write the last Game of Thrones.
 We're just going to get E.L. James to write it.
 He's like, no, no, no.
 He also had his windows in Paris pelted with kind of rotten fruit and hard objects
 by people who wanted more stories.
 The reading public was much more demanding in those days.
 Imagine if I'd done that to Hillary Mantell for the last five years,
 just kind of attacking her with various missiles.
 And it wouldn't induce you to want to satisfy your public by writing something.
 But it did.
 And he did.
 But the story that we all know, I would say,
 is as a result of the brilliant animated 1992 movie.
 I think we've all seen that, have we?
 Have we all seen that?
 Yeah, of course, yeah.
 We've all seen that.
 So I'm going to take very quiet over there.
 But yeah, so classic Hollywood distorted the facts of the story,
 bent them to be a different story altogether.
 So in it, Aladdin's not a Norfolk in the original story,
 which he's portrayed as in the movie.
 He lives with his mum.
 And in the original story, it's not just one genie granting wishes.
 It's two genies.
 There's a genie of the lamp and there's a genie of the ring.
 And then it's not three wishes.
 Like, he gets as many wishes.
 He just keeps wishing away.
 Is this having a wishing party?
 Did he do that trick that everyone says they're going to do
 when they're a kid where the first wish is infinite wishes?
 Is that how he does it?
 Oh, yeah.
 It's not allowed.
 The genie specifically bands that are in the Disney film,
 which you wouldn't know if you had watched it, James.
 I really thought that was the rest of it.
 That's so good that it's infinite, though.
 I always thought it was a million.
 How stupid would I have looked with you guys
 as I got to my millionth wish?
 You guys get to carry that one.
 You could just use your millionth wish
 to ask for another million wishes.
 I'm like, Jesus, what are you saying?
 Although you could have asked for a thousand and one
 in Arabic because the reason it's a thousand and one
 nights is actually because that was like an Arabic word
 for infinite, infinite stories.
 It was meant to be.
 Yeah, because if they called it 270 nights, roughly,
 it's not as impressive or sexy, is it?
 It's not.
 But also, no wonder the publishers wanted more stories.
 This is nowhere near the number you've promised.
 Hey, the most striking thing about the story,
 which, as I say, I have just read, and it is great,
 is Aladdin.
 It's a complete dickhead, like not a likable character at all.
 So the reason his dad dies at the start
 is because Aladdin is so lazy and greasy and dissipated
 and cruel that his dad's just devastated
 that he won't follow him in his career path.
 And basically, he just gets really lucky.
 He gets sort of kidnapped by this bloke
 who reveals all these riches to him.
 And then he manages to escape the bloke, the wizard.
 And then just uses all the riches to seduce the princess.
 He falls in love with the princess
 because he hears that she's going to be going to the bath.
 I don't know what number bath she wants to be.
 At the time.
 But he hears she's going to be going to the baths.
 And so he sneaks in to spy on her
 because he's never seen a woman unveiled before.
 She's her face from behind the door, really fancies her.
 And she's going to marry this guy who seems like a really decent bloke,
 the viseous son. And Aladdin, just on their wedding night,
 on the viseous and her wedding night,
 uses the lamp to magic their marriage bed into his own home.
 And then he gets the viseous son out.
 He sends him out to spend the whole night
 in a freezing cold toilet outside
 and then lies with the princess.
 Wow, that's how he seduced him.
 So that's why he's called Aladdin, isn't it?
 Because he's an absolute lad.
 That's the full name is an absolute lad in, yeah.
 An absolute lad gets in there.
 Yeah.
 So, Anna, you haven't been reading the Richard Burton one, right?
 No, this is a new translation, which I would recommend
 because it's by this woman called Yasmin Seal, who is French Syrian,
 which I just love because obviously it was an amalgamation
 of French and Syrian when it was first written.
 But no, not that one.
 Why?
 Because Richard Burton was the, Richard Burton
 the Victorian explorer and linguist.
 He did all these amazing adventures.
 He visited Mecca in disguise once.
 And he would have been killed if he'd been discovered.
 You know, he was an amazing adventurer.
 But Burton wrote a really erotic translation of "The Thousand of One Nights"
 because he also translated the calmasutra
 and he was very sexy.
 Visor the bus pervert of his day, he was.
 But in his version of Aladdin,
 Aladdin's father is impotent.
 And so he takes an opium-based medicine to thicken his semen.
 Jesus.
 That's just a detail of the story.
 Cool.
 I think that's the Holloway's ointment of its day, isn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, his version had to be privately printed, didn't it?
 It was--
 Yeah, I think it did.
 --because of the sexual content.
 Yeah, you had to-- you couldn't buy it.
 It was through subscription that you had to get it.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And I haven't seen the Disney film for a while,
 but I'm pretty sure they didn't leave that element, did they?
 It's strongly implied.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, he was a pretty crazy character at Richard Burton.
 I'm never sure how I feel about him.
 But he did like to sex things up.
 I suppose he didn't need to sex up the kamasucha too much.
 No.
 He wrote his own-- I think most of what we know about him
 is from his own autobiography, and also
 the biography of his adoring wife.
 And he claimed that he learned Latin fluently at the age of three
 and Greek fluently at the age of four.
 And he could play chess blindfolded.
 And he-- but he was amazing.
 He just sort of traveled everywhere.
 He ended up speaking 40 languages, got in loads of trouble.
 I think he got-- he was a soldier in India.
 And he got kicked out of India, and his life as a soldier
 failed when his governor basically
 asked him to investigate some rumors
 that they'd heard about brothels in the city.
 And because he had an eye for detail,
 especially a lascivious detail, he just
 investigated them way too hard.
 So he spent lots and lots of time in brothels,
 just taking meticulous notes about exactly what was going on.
 And the authorities were like, fuck, this is rank, Richard.
 Oh, go home.
 You are sick.
 And killed is grit.
 Did you know that the queen has played Aladdin?
 It was when she was-- it was during the war.
 During the war, Queen Elizabeth played Aladdin
 in the royal family's pantomime to raise money for soldiers.
 I think they invited a small audience of aristocrats.
 And she would have been in her early teens, I guess, at the time.
 Yeah.
 Queen-- her pre-queens, they call them in the royal family.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And was it with the others?
 And it was, like, Margaret-- the parents or Margaret?
 Margaret was in it, but I don't think she was playing the parents.
 It's like when you're at school, when I was at school,
 in the Nativity Play, when I was in the top,
 yeah, I played Joseph, which was very nice.
 The main part-- main role.
 Yeah, I don't know if you know that.
 Don't know if you know the Nativity story, but it's--
 He's a pretty big deal at it.
 This is a pretty big one.
 My brother, in the same play, played a blade of grass.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Blade of grass.
 They couldn't find a single bigger role
 for him than a single blade of grass.
 Not even a few blades of grass.
 No, there was a few different--
 I don't think he was, like, head blade of grass.
 And he didn't have a speaking role.
 I'm just trying to--
 He didn't understand any blade of grass.
 There's no sentient grass in the story.
 But basically, you had the load of the kids
 would kind of stand there and kind of wave in the breeze
 as if they were a blade of grass.
 I don't remember any grass being mentioned
 in any version of the negativity I've ever heard.
 Well, what did the donkey eat?
 I guess straw?
 What straw if it's not dry grass?
 Yeah, fair enough.
 So where's his role to be eaten by the donkey at some point?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, my goodness.
 OK, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that merry grounds
 were invented in medieval times for nights to ride on.
 So this is carousels for any Americans listening.
 The merry ground has a very long history.
 It sort of originates back in the 12th century.
 There was a game that was played on horseback
 where a sort of scented ball used to be tossed around to people.
 And if you dropped it, or if it smashed on you,
 it would release a kind of perfume.
 And that perfume would stink you up for the rest of the match.
 And that word was carouselo, which meant little war.
 Carouselo is a sort of bastardization
 of it by the Italians who took it on.
 And then they realized how useful this was in combat training
 purposes.
 And so little war, carouselo slowly
 morphed into nights sitting on what were effectively
 saddles.
 And they would go around a pole on chains.
 And they would have to try and lance with their lances
 a little ring.
 And that was the very beginnings of what
 eventually turned into what we now
 have as the modern day carousel.
 So yeah, it was originally for night training.
 So this game where you throw balls at people.
 And if you drop them, they make you
 smell like perfume.
 What's the point in that?
 I think it's really weird.
 Basically, if you smell like perfume,
 you smell quite nice.
 And the other people will smell like they've been riding around
 on a horse all afternoon.
 They'll be sweaty and disgusting.
 And supposedly, there's perfume people of the losers.
 I say they've won.
 I agree.
 Because I read about this as well.
 And that was the one thing that stuck with me.
 This seems like a pretty stupid--
 a bit like Quidditch being a stupid game.
 This is kind of a stupid game where it's not really
 obvious what the point of winning or losing is.
 I just didn't like it at all.
 You wouldn't say that James about Quidditch
 to the people who play Quidditch in the park near my house.
 And they're not even flying.
 Are they a scary looking bunch?
 They've all got sticks.
 That's true.
 Although the sticks do have to be clamped
 between their legs, otherwise it's easy.
 I think it's the shame of it, right?
 So Andy could sit at the stinking of perfume
 in the dining hall afterwards shrieking.
 I've won in most senses at the word.
 He likes.
 But in the end, everyone knows that you've lost.
 That's true.
 I suppose if you play an actual spot and then you
 go to the pub afterwards, you don't really know who's lost.
 It's not obvious to everyone else in the pub who's lost.
 But then everyone--
 As Anna points out, it is obvious.
 Because any time I finish playing sport,
 I'm the one who's lost.
 It's so early carousels, though.
 They were powered by animals walking in a circle,
 which I had no idea about.
 So instead of, as well as having a fake horse
 that you'd be riding on, there would be a real horse.
 Why don't you just get on the real horse?
 Like, if the whole point is to train how to ride horses,
 and you've got an actual horse there,
 why are you sitting on the fake one?
 Yeah, it's true.
 Very weird.
 Those horses-- I mean, that is so demeaning for those horses.
 Imagine your job being to pull around
 a fake, much less developed version of yourself.
 Well, that's basically taking your child for a walk in the park,
 isn't it?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because they used to put knights on loose horses
 and sort of push them around.
 They would have squires pulling the horses
 so that they could practice their jousting.
 What do you mean fake horses?
 Like wooden horses?
 Yeah, wooden horses, exactly.
 They would try and hit a target called a quintane, wouldn't they?
 Which we've mentioned on QI a quintane,
 but I don't think we've mentioned here.
 And it basically is a-- it's a wooden post with a target on,
 and the target is on a bit of a lever.
 So when you hit it, it flips around.
 And that was the way that you would test how to do jousting.
 It was a crucial for jousting training,
 but jousting wasn't the most crucial thing that knights
 did in competitions, right?
 I think we've mentioned this on QI.
 But for most of the Middle Ages,
 if you went to a tournament as a knight,
 they did the melee, which was like a very chaotic--
 it's like the Royal Rumble, wasn't it, melee?
 What's the Royal Rumble?
 Well, it began in medieval times.
 Goddamn it.
 That explained what the Royal Rumble is.
 Nana's told us if this is the same as a melee.
 Royal Rumble is a WWE event where you have about 30 wrestlers
 who will all attack each other at the same time in the ring.
 They're staggered in, so you would have someone two people
 started off, and then let's say every two minutes,
 a new person enters the ring, to win the match,
 you have to flip someone over the top rope,
 and they have to make contact with the floor.
 So it's not exactly the same.
 So it's the same way that there's loads of them involved
 or fighting each other, right?
 Yeah, exactly.
 But also, like in the Royal Rumble, in the melee,
 you could kind of sneak in the corner
 and hide under some coats or something,
 and let everyone else beat each other in the fight,
 and then you could jump out at the last minute and fight.
 Classic, classic Sean Michaels tactic of WWF.
 Absolutely.
 Well, he actually got it from the medieval English.
 Are there coats in the corner during a wrestling match?
 It feels like, as you're coming,
 he just, "Oh, leave your coat on the bed, we'll be."
 The English used to be famous for this strategy,
 where if there were lots of different groups around,
 the English would say they weren't going to play.
 They're not interested in the melee at all,
 so that all the other teams would play
 and really, really tie each other out.
 This was around the time of Henry II,
 and once all the other teams are really, really tied out,
 they've been knocked off their horses, they've run out of steam,
 the English suddenly would gallop in,
 and so we'd change our minds of playing, we're playing,
 and then they'd completely vanquished everyone else on the pitch.
 -Wow. -That was what we were known for.
 Well, they probably, they wouldn't invite us back to the next melee,
 would they?
 We were, they're still doing them in France,
 so we just never, we haven't been asked for 800 years.
 -Oh. -But the reason jousting became popular,
 do you know why it was switched to jousting from melee?
 No.
 This is that knights were so violent, they were massive thugs,
 and it was a serious problem.
 So the first ever mass peace movement,
 the peace and truth of God movement,
 was basically to stop knights from killing each other and everyone else.
 And they, so they used to do things like a knights tournament,
 wouldn't just be in one area,
 until the, quite near the end of the Middle Ages,
 a knights tournament would be across the countryside,
 so you have 29, and they're just fighting each other,
 they gallop across the countryside,
 they used to do things like,
 they bash down the doors of peasant's homes,
 and be like, you've got to give me a shelter,
 let me hide in your cupboard,
 and then if another knight came,
 then they'd burn down the peasant's house,
 to burn the knight's house, to get rid of him.
 There's nothing you can do,
 as a peasant, you're obliged to give knights bed and board,
 if they ask for it.
 And they used to ruin people's crops,
 you know, they'd burn down fences and hedges.
 It was just chaos, and so...
 That was amazing.
 It's had super fun, incredibly fun,
 and I think mainly the clergy said,
 this is getting out of control.
 Let's make it one-on-one about the shall we.
 So if you had a house, and the knight came along,
 and they said, we want to stay in your house,
 you had to let them stay.
 It was actually if it was your Lord,
 but yeah, it would usually be that guy,
 and you had to feed them for as long as they wanted feeding,
 and give them somewhere to sleep,
 which was pretty harsh,
 because they obviously had enough to eat,
 and by and large, you didn't.
 Yeah.
 They must have come over and said,
 can I stay with you?
 And you said, how many knights?
 And they said, well, there's 600 others.
 LAUGHTER
 On innovations of how it slowly evolved
 into the modern-day carousel merry-ground that we have,
 I was trying to find at what points
 it sort of turned more and more into what we have,
 and I discovered, now I'm still on the case
 with this investigation, I must say.
 So this might be wrong,
 but I think that the person who invented the device
 that allowed the horse to go up and down the pole
 as it's going round,
 you see, you know what I'm talking about?
 How, yeah, so it's a string fellow.
 Yeah.
 LAUGHTER
 It was a bad called Merlin, which is a nice-- No.
 Yeah, I believe that it was a man called John Joseph Merlin.
 Now, he's been mentioned on the podcast before,
 because he was the man who invented roller skates
 and first displayed them when he played a violin at a party
 and ended up crashing into a giant mirror.
 You remember him, this is that very same man.
 And he was an amazing inventor during his lifetime
 of living in London, particularly.
 He was from Belgium to begin with.
 And he invented all sorts of things
 like a self-propelled wheelchair.
 He had a pedal-operated revolving tea table.
 He had mechanical chariots that used to go around London.
 And he had his own museum, which was called the Merlin's Mechanical
 Museum, and in it is the description of this carousel
 with horses that go up and down and noble people
 and rich people of the time used to come and hire it out,
 specifically just to have rides on it at this place.
 So this is, he died at the beginning of 1800, 1803.
 So we're talking late 1700s here.
 It's the first description that I can find of that innovation
 of the horse going up and down, invented by Merlin.
 So is your theory that Merlin first existed in the 1800s,
 invented that, and then went back in time to King Arthur
 and co, and brought with him his training after the night?
 Well, you've taken the theory further, but I'm on board.
 I absolutely will fold that into the idea.
 And Merlin, I believe, in the Disney Sword and the Stone,
 which is very closely original story, it's not.
 Merlin at the end enters on roller skates.
 Is he?
 So this is all coming together, fairly certain.
 Wow, it's just a shame no one will hear it once, James.
 Is that it?
 Oh, I have a fact about aeroplane rides at a fun fair.
 OK, so the flight simulating aeroplane ride at a fun fair,
 where you sit in a little plane and it moves up
 and left and right and rolls around a bit.
 That was invented to train pilots.
 Wow.
 That is terrifying.
 Genuinely, this was built in the early '30s, I think,
 maybe late '20s, by an event called Lee Ily.
 He built a small plane called the orientator,
 and it would tilt left and right.
 It was in this huge y-shaped fork.
 So the plane was stuck in the y of the fork, as it were.
 And it would turn and roll and twist.
 And he thought this would be useful for training pilots.
 And he only sold five of them, all of them
 to the Cuban government.
 And that's what it was used for.
 And then a friend of his saw it and said,
 have you suggested turning it into a carnival ride?
 Because that looks really fun.
 And that's what he did.
 And he spent the rest of his life inventing
 the Lupo plane and the Rollo plane and the Rocco plane
 and all these rides.
 That's amazing.
 I mean, you've got the carousel, which
 was for training nights, and you've got this for training.
 You know, that big boat that kind of goes up and down
 in a rocking motion.
 Is that to train Vikings or something?
 Yeah.
 That's where Admiral Nelson was going to describe us.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that in some parts of Japan,
 earwigs are known as Chinpo Kiri.
 Literally penis cutters.
 They're much more powerful in Japan.
 I don't think they're literally cutting penises.
 I think it might be-- well, OK, so let me tell you where I found this.
 It basically came up on my RSS feed last week.
 But I went to look for evidence.
 I found a paper from 2013 from a Japanese entomologist
 called Kenta Takada called vulgar dialects names of earwigs
 used in the Kansai region of Japan.
 OK, so I went on to Google Translate
 because this paper was in Japanese.
 And it seems like the reason that they're called this
 is when they have penises in the back earwigs don't they.
 On their bumps, they have like these little penises.
 And also in Japan, in this particular area,
 Kansai area, which is round Oscar and wherever,
 they were found in toilets.
 They were found around toilets.
 So it might be that if you see something
 with pinces on it around the toilets,
 you might call it a penis cutter because it's like there
 might be a folklore that that would happen.
 Yeah, makes sense.
 So we don't think they actually cut penises.
 But it's just that it so happens that in this particular part
 of Japan, they give it a rude name.
 I'm sure you guys have researched earwig penises.
 Oh, yeah.
 All over it.
 Because this is another Japanese connection.
 If you search Japan earwig penis,
 it brings up a study done by Yoshitaka Kamimura
 of the Tokyo Metropolitan University
 who deliberately broke earwig penises off
 while they were mid-sex.
 That's not very nice.
 Just out of my ass.
 Not out of my ass.
 So there is a species.
 Lots of species have two penises.
 The males do anyway.
 And there was a lot of theorizing about whether they were used
 or not.
 And so Yoshitaka Kamimura, he decided to test it
 and his colleagues.
 And they would interrupt mating earwigs
 by pinching the male and lifting him off.
 And because they're very, very, very long penises
 relative to the earwig, they're the same length again.
 They're quite easily broken and they're quite sensitive.
 So the penises all broke off.
 But within two days, they found that these males
 who'd had a penis broken off could inseminate new females
 they were introduced to.
 And they collected 663 of these earwigs from around Japan
 just to test whether they had been undergoing similar problems
 without the scientists interfering
 and snapping their penises off.
 And they found that only a few had had sexual accidents
 like this, but a few had.
 So three males had lost a penis.
 And two females had a severed penis inside them
 from an earlier.
 So that's only one penis unaccounted for from those.
 It's good.
 Keep your eyes peeled.
 The other thing that was the second penis
 is the wrong way around, right?
 So they must have to learn a whole new sexual position
 in that two-day period.
 I assumed it just moved into the position
 vacated by the first one, but you might well be right.
 Oh, OK, I don't know.
 Well, they think they have two because they used to use
 both at the same time.
 Well, some species only have one.
 Some species only have one, but of the ones who have two,
 they think that some females might have had a double vagina.
 I think they've found double vaginaed females, right?
 But they've never witnessed the double penises
 interacting with the double vaginas.
 But it does seem like the obvious thing, doesn't it?
 If you've ever seen a glove and a hand,
 you do automatically see what's going in the other.
 But then you do find men with only one hand,
 and they're women with an extra hand
 found in their glove, don't you?
 [LAUGHTER]
 I was just wondering if maybe the Japanese name penis cutters
 might be because they cut their own penis off sometimes
 when it falls off accidentally.
 So maybe it's not you're worried about your own penis.
 You're kind of worried about the--
 No, I don't think that's true.
 I don't think so.
 I really, really don't like earwigs.
 And I very rarely come across them in my day-to-day life.
 But I remember, as a child, thinking they're really
 scaring, because they can really net view.
 Can they?
 Yeah, when they get their little pincers together,
 they can really be--
 I don't know if I've ever seen one.
 Yeah, I've never seen one.
 Weirdly.
 You've never seen a name?
 They're a bit like any movie from before, 1993.
 But I don't recall ever seen it.
 You get them in the UK, I suppose you must do,
 but I don't remember.
 I cannot believe this is literally
 like you've never seen an ant.
 I've never seen one.
 Well, you just have never looked at the floor.
 I just think maybe I've seen them
 and just thought it was a beetle or something.
 Yeah.
 They look like little scorpions, really, don't they?
 Because of the pincers.
 And the pincers are-- they're very strange,
 because it's quite weird having this defensive device
 on your backside.
 And it has a few purposes, but one is for males
 to spar with each other and to show who's dominant or whatever.
 But I was watching a video of two male earwig sparring
 with their pincers, and it's so awkward,
 because imagine kind of having to spar with someone
 with your butt cheeks.
 So they have to prey around with their necks
 to try and control their pincers, so they're jumping at each other.
 It's just-- it's so--
 That is a royal rumble, I want to see.
 [LAUGHTER]
 You're only allowed to use your butt.
 Yeah.
 Leave your coat on the bed, and leave your trousers under it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, also, it's not a fight to the death.
 It's just a fight to when someone's like,
 oh, OK, I've had it off.
 And they declare a winner, and they go off
 and they burrow themselves in a sort of shameful hiding,
 don't they?
 Yeah, what?
 Yeah, they get-- it's sort of like once you've lost,
 they jump away, and then they dig themselves a hole
 and stay in there.
 And the victor is sort of like, yeah, I don't know why.
 Wow.
 So they can cry in peace, I think.
 Once Andy had had that scented ball
 explode all over his face, he spent some time alone
 in a bathroom cubicle, didn't he?
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's amazing.
 It's amazing that Earwigs have shame and honor codes,
 like there are any of us.
 I'm just surprised.
 And they've got very strong family values.
 So the sibling stayed together much longer
 than they need to.
 Another Earwig raises her young, and she's very attached,
 and she's very sweet, so she sits on her eggs
 and then on her nymphs on her baby Earwigs.
 She'll sit on top of them all to nurture them
 and lick all the mold and fungi off them.
 And then the Earwigs are ready to leave the nest
 very early on, but they all stay together anyway.
 And they think it might be something to do with the fact
 that they all eat other's feces.
 So when time gets up--
 That was so nice until then.
 It was reminded me of how during lockdown,
 I'm seeing a lot of my family on Zoom quizzes and stuff.
 I'm like, oh, we're a bit like Earwigs,
 but we don't eat each other's shit.
 Well, it's one of the main problems with Zoom, isn't it?
 And then they're trying to overcome this problem
 with the technology.
 Because these guys eat each other's poop.
 And it's only when they don't have much food left.
 Oh, yeah.
 It eats food.
 You wouldn't-- yeah, if you have a pizza in the freezer,
 you're not going to go straight for that too, right?
 That's pretty much their attitude.
 But it does seem to help them stay alive for an extra few days
 in times of one.
 The mum, though, you say that she's very caring.
 And absolutely, that's right.
 But she does do an interesting survival of the fittest thing,
 whereby the mothers have the ability
 to smell out who the healthier of their offspring are.
 It's a chemical smell that comes off the offspring
 that they can smell.
 And so once they've identified--
 because they have such a big collection of babies,
 it's something like up to 60, I think I read.
 30 to 60 at a time.
 So they need to make sure that the healthy ones
 are the ones that survive.
 So they smell them out.
 And once they know which ones they are,
 they'll give them more shit to eat just to make them healthier.
 And they'll pay less attention to the less healthy ones.
 Yeah.
 Ouch.
 So yeah, survival of the fittest.
 Good mums, but also very, very disciplined.
 Mm-hmm.
 This fight was about the names of earwigs and what people call them.
 In different countries, they have really weird synonyms.
 I don't know if synonyms are right words.
 So like the manks word in the Isle of Man,
 their word for earwig is the same as their word for a dung fork.
 A dung fork?
 A dung fork.
 You know like a pitchfork that you use to pick up dung
 and then move it from one part of the farm
 to the other part of the farm?
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 So just a dung fork.
 Is that what the earwigs use to eat their siblings' feces as well?
 In Scotch, Gaelic, the word for earwig is the same as the word
 for having your mouth so full that your cheeks puff out.
 What?
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 It's so weird.
 The Greek word for earwigs is the same as the word for alligator
 and pruning scissors.
 The Hungarian word for earwigs is the same for a catchy song.
 Like an earwag.
 Oh, an earwag.
 An earwag.
 In German, it's an oven, I think, in earwigs as well.
 So that must be a link between those two.
 Yeah, okay.
 It makes me think that it must have been very confusing and greets.
 If you said to somebody, could you please go and fetch my pruning scissors
 there in the second drawer down in my bedroom?
 Come back with an alligator.
 Are you come back with an alligator, sir?
 I mean, it's a dangerous game.
 In Spanish, the word for earwigs is same as for an overhead kick and football.
 Oh, cool.
 Wow.
 So weird.
 Yeah.
 Oh, wait.
 I have a theory about why that one might be.
 Oh, what?
 It's a pretty tenuous theory.
 But when earwigs are mating, they have a really complicated sort of dance they do,
 getting to know each other.
 And I think they smell each other.
 And the male might do a little bit of flexing to show off.
 And the female nibbles his forceps.
 And after about ten minutes, she will raise up her abdomen at the back, right?
 And then the male has to twist his abdomen 180 degrees left to right.
 So his bum is upside down, basically.
 And that means that it's facing upwards.
 And that means that he can couple with her.
 And then they spend several hours having sex.
 But that flexibility of the abdomen might be why the bicycle kick has the same name as
 the earwigs.
 It could help it.
 It could help it.
 So can you tell me why the Ukrainian word for earwigs is the same as their word for
 pimp?
 Well.
 Again, it's to do with turning your bum 180 degrees.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us at up the things that we've said over the
 course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @SriberlandAndy@AndrewHunterM.
 James.
 Up, James Harkin.
 And Anna.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing or our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there, and links to little bits of merchandise that
 we've released over the years.
 And thank you for continuing to listen to us.
 We will be back again next week with another working from home episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
