 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you live
 from Glasgow!
 (audience cheering)
 Yes!
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Toshinsky,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that in 1907, a man named Charles W. Aldrieve
 won a huge bet, simply by walking 1,500 miles on water.
 (audience laughing)
 I've gone for the mysterious fact.
 - Was that a bet with Jesus?
 - It was a bet with Jesus, yeah,
 who got furthest about thinking, "No, this is the guy here."
 So just for the people in the room,
 this is him, Charles Aldrieve.
 Aldrieve was such a hero, okay,
 he was nicknamed the human water spider.
 And he basically, he had a career,
 he had a career, which just evolved
 going around walking on water,
 and crowds absolutely ate it up.
 And this was 1907, and there was a big bet,
 and he stood to gain $5,000,
 which was obviously way more at the time.
 He was walking from Cincinnati to New Orleans,
 and he had to do it, but every step had to be on water.
 And he had these special shoes,
 which were massive, obviously, about four feet long, and--
 - Apparently it took him five years
 to learn how to turn properly.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 - It was a full, he was well-trained, yeah.
 - It was really, it was described as kind of like
 walking through mud,
 the way that he was propelling himself forward.
 So he had, as the listener will have to picture it,
 but it's a sort of like a long boat of a shoe,
 and he would wear a Wellington boot
 before he put his foot in,
 and then he would put a sort of watertight,
 sort of elastic around it, so that water couldn't get in.
 So if he flipped over, he couldn't get out of there,
 it was just, he was stuck.
 - Very dangerous.
 But he was a very dangerous guy, like he was a showman,
 so he used to do things like take a stick of dynamite
 out of his back, and he would light his cigar
 with the dynamite, and then chuck it into the water,
 and giant shooting 20 meter tall foot waves
 would go into the air on the back of it.
 Cool, dude. - He was incredible.
 - It was weird that he was so into this very specific trick
 for his entire life, like three decades, basically.
 So he claimed in 1898,
 he was actually gonna walk across the Atlantic Ocean,
 which would have been a much better fact
 if he had actually done it.
 I mean, it's unbelievable he thought he could do this.
 He was planning to walk to Paris,
 I think 'cause he wanted to walk to the Paris Exposition
 or something, but he said he was inspired to do this
 when he was giving a demonstration
 of his walking on water shoes on a beach in Florida,
 and he got sucked out to sea by a current,
 and the boat that went to rescue him capsized,
 they couldn't rescue him, and everyone was like,
 "Oh, God, we've lost him, he's gone forever."
 - He's like, "I've already done half a mile,
 "I might as well do the rest."
 (laughing)
 - Well, he got dragged out to sea, you know, a mile or two,
 and once the wind had died down,
 he was seen mounting the horizon
 and walking back towards the beach on the sea,
 and he thought, "God, if I survive that,
 "I reckon I could do the whole ocean."
 - His idea was that he would walk along the water,
 and whenever there was like a big swell of a wave,
 he would let it bring him up,
 and then he would kind of ski down the end of the wave,
 and then just wait for them to come.
 But you say it's like, it's an impossible thing,
 but someone has done that.
 There's a guy called Remy Bricker from France.
 - I bet he was indeed bricking it for most of the swim.
 - Sorry, he was, but he walked from Tenerife to Trinidad
 on boat, you know, boats.
 - It was the 80s, it was 1988,
 and he survived, Remy Bricker, the French guy,
 he survived by eating plankton, he claimed.
 (laughing)
 - So, the Guardian said that,
 so what did he, like, if a blue whale eats plankton,
 it kind of just opens its mouth and just lets it go in.
 Is that what he was doing?
 - Exactly, it was, yeah, and he was French,
 so he probably cooked them very brilliantly as well
 along the way, and he had these polyester skiing floats.
 He was doing the same thing, basically.
 He did suffer extreme hunger and vision problems
 as he tried to cross the Atlantic, he did 40 days.
 But then, Remy Bricker said,
 "Okay, I've done the Atlantic on water,
 "I'm gonna go for the Pacific."
 And when asked why, I just love this answer, okay,
 so French, he said, "In this life, I have flesh and bone.
 "I know our time goes very quickly.
 "In eternity, our time is one second.
 "In this one second, I will use my time
 "to realise my dream."
 (laughing)
 - And one second later, he drowned.
 (laughing)
 - Well, he failed, he absolutely failed.
 He failed despite the fact he was sponsored
 by an American sauerkraut company called Stuffler.
 - What, despite that?
 - Well, he was dragging 22 pounds of sauerkraut with him
 as he tried to cross the Pacific.
 - You need something to go with that plankton on the side.
 - You've got to keep the microbiome healthy
 when you're out at sea.
 - In normal life, he is a one-man band.
 He, you know the guys with the--
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah. - Yeah, yeah.
 - I was literally one-man band.
 - Yeah, he's actually, in French, an homme orchestre.
 - Right.
 - That's the French for a one-man band.
 - As in he has lots of instruments,
 I mean, you've mined it there, but just to be clear,
 he has lots of instruments rigged up on his body, does he?
 - We all know the one-man band.
 - We're just saying that mimes don't work with a podcast.
 - True, 'cause he's French,
 I think I was thinking the mime would work, yeah.
 - Why is he not combined the two?
 Why is he not bringing the band with him on the water?
 - I think if he can't bring a simple thing
 like 22 pounds of sauerkraut as he walks across an ocean.
 - The full drum kit is probably crazy to admit.
 - I guess there's some similar skills, isn't there?
 Like it's lots of moving around, moving your legs and stuff.
 He didn't make it like you say,
 but it was because on the first day,
 Storm wrecked the catamaran that he towed behind him.
 So all of his food and all of his bed
 and all of his supplies just went down on the first day.
 - He was towing a whole catamaran.
 - The interesting thing about, well, it wasn't catamaran
 in the case that it had two bows, right?
 But the interesting thing about that
 is when Old Reeve was gonna walk over the Atlantic,
 he decided, like I said, he was gonna ski down these swells,
 but he reckoned that when it was really calm weather,
 he would tow a boat with him.
 So there would be, there was a boat nearby
 that would kind of follow him with supplies.
 And he thought that what I would do is when it's calm,
 I'll just tow the boat, it doesn't need sales.
 - That's brilliant.
 - In 1898, he walked from New York harbour
 to Governor's Island, which is where the army base was.
 And the New York Journal reported that when he arrived
 at the army base, the commandant felt the wonderful fine muscles
 of the man who had made so wonderful a trip.
 - Ooh!
 - That... - Wow.
 - That... - (LAUGHS)
 - Glass goes out for it, but... - (LAUGHTER)
 - That feels a bit like an excuse, doesn't it?
 Or you've made such a wonderful trip,
 your thigh muscles must be wonderful as well,
 and so that feels a bit of a pretext.
 - I wonder, because it's a military base, right?
 Do they think he was the sort of advance arm of an attack, I wonder?
 - Well, that was the thing, though, wasn't it?
 People were doing this already.
 They were trying to make boat shoes and go out and walk waters,
 and someone had an idea that what if we created an army battalion
 that could walk across water?
 - That we would lose every one.
 - (LAUGHTER)
 - And that's why it didn't happen.
 - But it was... Yeah, this guy, Robert Kjellberg,
 he trained some soldiers to wear a heavy backpack
 and fire a rifle while walking on water.
 And he toured the whole of England.
 He was known as the Water King, and this was a huge, huge thing.
 - It's not huge, it wasn't a huge thing.
 - And also, he was known as the Water King.
 He wasn't the Water King!
 (LAUGHTER)
 - Oh, look, it's the Water King!
 - It would definitely have the element of surprise, I think.
 - Exactly! The Water King!
 (LAUGHTER)
 - Yeah, especially presented like that.
 - Yeah.
 - There's another thing where you have these kind of round shoes
 that ninjas are supposed to have used to walk on water with.
 So they're probably about the size of a dustbin lid.
 And you strap your feet to them.
 And the idea was that ninjas could get across moats and things like that.
 And I've been to ninja school, and that's what they say.
 - "Beep, beep, beep, look back up!"
 - Yeah, okay.
 - You've been to ninja school?
 - I've been to ninja school, and that's what they say anyway.
 So the interesting thing... - No, no, no, no, no, no, obviously...
 - When did you go to ninja school?
 - What qualification? - Well, I was in Kyoto.
 - Okay, that checks out so far.
 - So, what qualifications did you do ninja GCSEs?
 (LAUGHTER)
 - I did, but I'm not allowed to show you the certificate.
 - Wait, that's Spice! That's different!
 - No, I am... Well, look, I did do that thing, so...
 I think how about I mentioned before that they taught me how to throw ninja stars.
 - Oh, yeah. - And they taught me how to throw chopsticks so I could kill a man.
 - Really?
 (LAUGHTER)
 - Wow.
 - Right. - Have you proofed it?
 - Let's do it. - Are you volunteering?
 - Who's got chopsticks? Come on.
 Dan, you stand over there.
 - I'll see you in Wagga Mamas after the show.
 Anyway, the point that I was trying to make is that they told me this in ninja school,
 but there's some new research.
 (LAUGHTER)
 - Some old ninja documents. - Hey, Huckin, you're late.
 I'm not late. I've been here for 45 minutes.
 - The other thing they teach you how to do is to walk backwards
 while there are drawing pins on the floor.
 - OK. - What?
 The walking backwards thing, do you just keep your feet,
 your soles of the feet on the ground so you push the drawing pins out of the way?
 Like a moonwalk, basically.
 - It's not like a moonwalk. You kind of walk backwards,
 but you sweep your back foot, and they also teach how to walk very slowly,
 so no one can hear you walking.
 - It was like curling backwards with your feet. - Exactly.
 - Nice. - I feel like we've gone off the point of this.
 - I'm loving this. I'm loving it. - I'm loving it.
 - The amount of shit I got when I said I'd been to clown school for a short course.
 (LAUGHTER)
 This is all my Christmas is at once, you know?
 - Anyway, so they said this at ninja school,
 and there's been some new research,
 and they found old ninja documents about these things called Mizugumo,
 and they found the word "sit" next to them,
 and what they reckon is they weren't actually used by ninjas to walk on water.
 They were actually like little boats you would sit on and paddle along.
 - Ah! - Obviously!
 Why didn't they draw that conclusion
 when they first saw these round things that go on water?
 Why did they assume there were shoes before they assumed they were boats?
 - Cos the ninjas spread the myth that they can walk on water, you know?
 - Oh, it's a clever bit of PR. - It's PR, yeah.
 - They're good on PR. - Very good on PR.
 - Just on the elephant in the room, Jesus of Nazareth. - Yeah.
 - We... - Has he caught that very often? - Yeah, please.
 We've all been dancing around it.
 Obviously, the Jesus Walking on Water thing on the Sea of Galilee.
 In 2006, there was a suggestion,
 and it was published in a proper academic journal
 called The Journal of Paleo-Lymnology,
 the study of ancient lakes, obviously,
 which suggested that there was ice in the Sea of Galilee.
 It's more of a lake than a sea, I think.
 And so, it has this rare property due to the salty and fresh water that feeds it.
 And it has this rare property where you could have these bits of ice forming.
 You know, like, part of it freezes over and part of it doesn't.
 - Really? I mean, it's in the Middle East, isn't it?
 Yeah, but it gets cold sometimes, you know?
 And the suggestion is that spring's ice could have formed and made it look like Jesus was walking on water.
 So, do you think they said to Jesus, "Can you do that trick again?
 "Walk on water?" He's like, "Oh, give me a few months."
 - Yeah, it's more of a Christmas miracle than anything. - Mists.
 - Sorry, me-mists. Oh, whatever, mind. - Mists.
 - But I saw... Genuinely, on the way here today,
 I saw a duck basically doing this in a pond.
 It looked like it was walking on water,
 but actually it was just standing on a stone that was near the surface of the water.
 But it does make you think, doesn't it?
 - Well, on that note... - I guess it does.
 - We should move on to our next fact. - Fact.
 - Thank you, Andy. - Thank you.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that zebra spiders chase laser pointers exactly like a cat does.
 So, this is a very exciting fact.
 This is a discovery that basically zebra spiders, which are jumping spiders,
 are really similar to cats in quite a lot of ways.
 Come on, mate. It's a disappointed kid you've got.
 If they've asked for a pet cat, you come home with a microscopic spider
 and say, "They're really similar. I had it on a podcast."
 I didn't know what these spiders were until you said zebra spiders.
 And then I looked them up, and basically, you know the tiny ones
 that sort of jerk in their movements.
 - They hear, then they jerk, then they jerk again. - Yeah.
 And they're very... Well, they pounce, right? That's their big thing.
 And this was noticed by a scientist.
 She was in her lab, and she had these spiders that were falling off her roof,
 and then someone said, "Hey, have you seen that if you use a laser pointer,
 "that you can actually get them to chase it?"
 And she tested it out with another colleague, and that's what happened.
 And they thought this is absolutely amazing.
 And basically, what they think is like a cat,
 that this is something that I need to attack, kill, and eat.
 And so, when they see the green laser pointer, that's what they do.
 - But they can't because it's a laser. - Laser.
 - But it's very exciting. - It's really cool, isn't it?
 This is, by the way, this from Ed Young article,
 who we had on the podcast not too long ago.
 He said that we do raid his articles, and once again, we have plagiarised his work.
 So, thank you, Ed.
 Sorry, Ed, the fact ninjas have been in.
 You'll never notice.
 The thing I thought was that these astronomers' lab needs a clean.
 Really? Who's got spiders falling off the ceilings of their lab?
 And also, you're supposed to be astronomers, you're not naturalists.
 What if they... Did they miss an eclipse?
 You know, they're just coaxing spiders around.
 - I think part of it was also to work out what jumping spiders can see with their eyes. - Yeah.
 Because their eyes are a bit like telescopes in that they're kind of a tube,
 and there's a lens at both ends.
 And you can work out what a telescope can see
 by working out the different lenses and the different distances and stuff like that.
 And they worked out that most jumping spiders would be able to see the moon.
 - Yeah, which is amazing. - Yeah, that's really cool.
 Because they're small, so it doesn't sound amazing.
 I wasn't amazed. If it makes you feel better, anyone who doesn't think it's amazing,
 I wasn't amazed at first, because I thought, "Well, I can see the moon."
 But it's much harder to see the moon if you don't look at me.
 How many legs have you got?
 They're 5 to 9 millimetres. You're exactly... That's tiny to see the moon.
 But I just don't think of what can see the moon.
 And now here we are thinking about it.
 I mean, moths can see the moon, can't they?
 Well, ah, but can they?
 Yeah, they can, cos then they think lights are the moon, and they're pretty small.
 Come on, I think the spider spider's bragging about this moon seeing is...
 But that means they presumably can see your face.
 Cos your face is a bit distant, it's a bit bigger.
 In fact, it's way bigger than the moon, normally.
 - And they think your face is weird. - And they think your face is weird.
 If you want to move around like a ninja, do it when there's no moon.
 - Oh! - God!
 But it's weird to think of a spider that can see your face.
 - Why is that weird? - I don't know.
 Cos I don't think of a spider as having a face.
 Spiders absolutely have faces, right? They have eyes.
 - What are you talking about? - They've got eyes.
 But they don't have a face, a proper face.
 So you think if you don't have a proper face, you shouldn't be allowed to see other faces?
 No, I'm not saying that. I'm not thinking at all.
 I'm just saying it's a surprise to think that they could look up and think,
 "Oh, there's Dan." That's a weird thing.
 Can I just jump in here for a second?
 - Can I ask? - Oh, we didn't see you, though!
 Dan, I told you to put more drawing pins down before the show started.
 I want to know if you're surprised/interested in this.
 And that is that there is a spider called the Ogre-Faced Spider.
 And by looking at their eyes, we can work out that they can make out
 the Andromeda galaxy in the sky.
 - What?! - That's cool.
 - Can we see that? - Yeah, well...
 You can just about on a really dark day in the middle of nowhere, yeah.
 Do they know what it is? Do they say, "See Andromeda again?"
 No, they aren't cool.
 One thing that zebra spiders do specifically, apparently,
 is they do respond to humans,
 which I do think is something that we don't think of non-mammals as doing.
 Like, you see a cat, it sees you, it responds to you.
 And if a human walks into the room while they're going about their business,
 they'll sort of turn around and look up at you.
 And they do have... Andi says they can see our faces,
 but we can see theirs as well, obviously.
 And they do have such good faces, Jumping Spiders,
 because they've got those two giant...
 They just look like something out of sci-fi.
 There's two giant eyes in the middle,
 and then two slightly smaller eyes either side.
 - Look 'em up. They're great stuff. - They are very cool.
 Excitingly, Jumping Spiders, these specific zebra Jumping Spiders,
 have been to space.
 This is cool, so they've got closer to the moon
 or other things they can see, which is great.
 - Oh, must have been massive up there. - Must have been amazing.
 Yeah, yeah, it must be really cool.
 So there was this theory that...
 Because they jump and they pounce onto their prey,
 they obviously take gravity into account when they're jumping.
 So they jump, they know they're going to fall at a certain rate,
 they know they're going to hit the prey.
 And there was a theory, a question.
 If we take them to a tiny microgravity environment
 and they jump, they're not going to jump the same way,
 will they keep on missing their prey,
 or will they be able to learn about space, basically,
 learn about microgravity?
 And this was an 18-year-old guy from Egypt called Amon Mohammed,
 and he won a competition to do this experiment on the ISS.
 Not to go himself, but just to, like, have the experiment done.
 And the thesis was they won't be able to learn, and they did learn.
 - Yeah. - They learned how to adapt to zero gravity,
 - which is very exciting. - And what they did was,
 instead of jumping on their prey, they kind of just sidled up to it.
 - Yeah, yeah. - Didn't they?
 - And just went, "Hey..." - Yeah, there was one thought that they would...
 What they do do on Earth is that if they're jumping down from above on a prey,
 they need to make sure that they're going to land on the target.
 So they tether themselves with one of their silk webs.
 But it's a bit like Mission Impossible.
 - Tom Cruise going down. - Which one?
 - Mission Impossible 1. - Yep.
 So they're sort of jumping down bungee-style,
 but if they need to pull the cord to stop,
 they can do that and bring themselves back up
 if they can see they're missing the prey.
 So one of the thoughts in space was they might be using their line
 to sort of tether themselves, bring themselves back down,
 and help them along, but no, instead, they just walked up and ate.
 It says to me the fruit flies that they deployed
 were not that energetic, to be honest.
 If you can just stroll up to your fly.
 Or it says that the pounce is just absolutely unnecessary on Earth as well.
 - Exactly. - Just walk, mate.
 Walk up to it.
 It was this... Again, I think I've said this before,
 but I do find it funny the stuff they make these astronauts do in space.
 And this one fell to Sunita Williams.
 And I guess they dished them out at the start of an expedition.
 They're like, "Do you want to do this random 16-year-old's idea?"
 She was the one who activated the flies every day,
 and she sort of would release a plunger,
 which released all these flies into the den,
 and then the spiders would go for it.
 And it was one zebra spider and one red-backed jumping spider.
 And they were called Cleopatra and Nefertiti,
 and they did jolly well, but then, of course,
 they did plummet towards Earth at breakneck speeds
 at the end of the mission, and immediately the zebra spider died on impact.
 - No, they were inside a capsule just to add quickly. - No, they weren't inside a capsule just to add quickly.
 - It sounds like they just dug them out, like, from Argonne. - Yeah, they did.
 No, no, they gave them a little spaceship.
 What, like, the force of the re-entry killed them?
 It's not actually true. It's not both of them.
 It was just the zebra spider, actually, Cleopatra.
 And they're not clear on why she died, but it's something about the impact.
 But Nefertiti did survive and went to the Smithsonian
 to live out her remaining sort of two months before she did.
 - Copped it as well. - I think she lived in an actual, like,
 - display in a museum that you could visit, right? - Yeah, she did.
 - So people visited Nefertiti. - But the other interesting thing,
 I think, that they found is that she learned how to do it the old way afterwards.
 - Oh, my God, that's so clever. - Which I think that's really interesting.
 - Yeah. - Yeah, that's so cool.
 This is slightly off-topic, but I found out about a spider hunting thing.
 - OK. - And it's a moth specifically called the metal-mark moth,
 which pretends to be a spider, right?
 So its wings have these marks on which look like big spider eyes,
 and other parts of its wings look like the furry legs of a spider.
 It looks like a huge spider, actually, to other spiders,
 and it moves a bit like one.
 And it's so good that actual jumping spiders will flirt with it
 - rather than try to kill it. - Oh, yeah. - Really? - Yeah.
 I think it was said before that they're kind of not that picky jumping spiders, are they?
 Then we said that they sometimes just dance with other spiders
 that are not jumping spiders, and most of the time get eaten.
 - Oh, yeah. - But that's the theory of the dance.
 So they do this like courtship dance before the mating.
 And the idea is, the reason they do that is so that there is certain distance away
 from the female that if they decide it's not worth it,
 then they have a chance to run away.
 And apparently, there are certain moves that they have to do,
 and if they do a perfect dance, then they're guaranteed to have sex.
 So it's like, you know, in Strictly, where if everyone gets tense...
 Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It works, the same in Strictly, doesn't it?
 - I believe so, yeah. - Wow.
 But is there a thing where, if you don't do it perfectly,
 you will be killed and eaten?
 - You must. - Which also, weirdly, happens on Strictly.
 Time to move on to our next fact.
 It's time for fact number three, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that according to a law of 1656,
 chicken owners on the Scottish borders had to give their chickens clogs.
 - OK. - Right.
 So, this is a thing that happened, not just down the road from here.
 It's from the Records of Pebbles.
 And this was about complaints of scraping of fowls in houses and yards,
 as in they'd been pooing over their neighbour's yards.
 And they said that everyone who owned a hen or a capon, so any kind of chicken,
 would have to tie such a weight of timber to the foot
 that would stop them from flying.
 And then it specifically says that they are clogs,
 and it says that forchilling would be paid to the owner of any fowl
 going without the clog, sorry, they would have to pay forchilling.
 The thing was, if you were to come across any chicken without clogs in that area,
 then you were allowed to dispose of that chicken.
 - But most people have... - That's sinister.
 - I guess by eating it. - Yeah, sounds like it, yeah, yeah.
 Most people have a lot of chickens, which means...
 Have a lot of chickens, you mean? Have a lot of chickens? Sorry.
 - Let's do a poll of the room. - Yeah.
 - Do most people in the room have a lot of chickens? - OK.
 - One, thank you. - One, thank you.
 So, what I meant to say was, you know that guy in the crowd
 who came to our show tonight, who has lots of chickens?
 Out of curiosity, how many have you got?
 - Loads. - Thank you.
 - Loads. - So, my point says...
 - Who invited the colonel? - Yeah.
 So, you know how that guy has loads of chickens?
 - Yes. - I'm actually starting to doubt his account,
 if Harry's got loads of chickens now.
 I'm just questioning how many clogs you need to buy,
 the price point of the clogs...
 I don't think these are beautiful, carved, painted clogs
 made by Dutch artisans.
 I think it's more like a lump of wood tied to your chicken's foot.
 I'm afraid so, but they called them clogs in the law.
 So, they didn't even carve an inside to put there?
 We don't own any of these in any museum.
 Surely they would have had some insoles, at least,
 so they'd be comfortable as they walked around.
 Apology for me hearing a fact that said they wear clogs
 and assuming that maybe they wore a fucking clog.
 Clogs are like... Clogs can be anything, you know.
 No, they can't. If I got you some clogs to wear,
 I'm not going to hand you a block of wood.
 I'm going to give you a shoe.
 - Just on clogs. - Oh, yeah.
 So, you guys are familiar with clog fighting?
 - Oh, yeah. - This is the thing.
 Is that just a stick fight?
 So, this is...
 Fair enough. That's fair.
 - This is human clog fighting. - Uh-huh.
 And this was, I think, a Lancashire sport/way of fighting someone else,
 - where you... - We call that spot in Lancashire.
 It was known as fighting Wigan fashion, which is great.
 You would just kick each other.
 You and one other person would just repeatedly kick each other
 while wearing heavy wooden clogs.
 And you would either... This is the great thing.
 You would either be wearing your finest clothing
 - or be completely naked. - LAUGHTER
 You would hope that you would, like, work that out before the day.
 - Oh, God, so bouncy. - 'Cause if you're awful,
 if they turned up in their finest clothing, then you'd...
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - It sounds so rough. - So, what you would do is...
 You would hold onto each other's shoulders,
 and then you were wearing very heavy clogs,
 and they would kind of, you know, say that you should sharpen them, really.
 And you would just keep kicking until one of you shouted, "Sufficient!"
 - LAUGHTER - This is shin-kicking, right?
 This is Lancastrian Purin.
 It was known as Purin, or, like you say, Wigan fashion fighting.
 And they thought that it was, like, really turn of the 20th century,
 that it happened, and then it died out.
 But a friend of mine called Anna F.C. Smith, who's an artist in Lancashire,
 she managed to find evidence of it up until the '50s.
 - So, people are still doing it in the '50s. - '50s? Wow.
 - Oh, that's incredible. - Were there rules on the, like, the size...
 Like, could Charles Aldreave have come with his big dog shoes?
 - LAUGHTER - That's a really good point.
 They would be your actual clogs,
 because people in Lancashire wore clogs in those days,
 and so you would wear your normal clogs, but you might sharpen them.
 You might put bits of metal on them,
 because sometimes the rules were the first to draw blood
 would be the one who got the... - Right. - ..who got the win.
 There was a thing... I read a story from 1838,
 where there was such a brutal, clogged fight
 that one of the guys fighting went deaf in one ear
 from being kicked in the leg... - Wow. - That's amazing.
 That's not... There's no connection between those two.
 - No. It's sort of like a weird kind of reflexology. - Yeah.
 Your shin is connected to your ear.
 And there was another thing where you would be holding...
 This is another method of clog fighting.
 Both of you hold a handkerchief between your teeth,
 and the one who drops it first loses.
 Like a tug of war with the handkerchief.
 - Yeah, but no, no, no, no. - Is it the same handkerchief?
 You're holding the same handkerchief between your two teeth,
 and the one who drops it from there and loses.
 - But I think that is... - Because you might go, "Ah!"
 - And then it falls out. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But I think there's a way of winning the fight.
 Never mind your legs, you just start eating the handkerchief, right?
 - I'm not like Lady and the Tramp. - Like Lady and the Tramp.
 - Right. - And then...
 If you've got the handkerchief in your mouth, he's lost the fight.
 - Yeah. - It depends how deep you want your opponent
 to get inside your own mouth.
 You might prefer to just be kicked in the shin.
 - You're both naked. - You're already on pretty intimate terms.
 They weren't, the Lancashians were very into clogs, weren't they?
 - Yeah. - And they're clogged dancing.
 They were very into that when they weren't fighting with them.
 They were dancing with them.
 And it seemed very specific from about 1880 to 1904 or '05.
 And people speculate that the reason they got into clogged dancing
 was partly to warm up in the cold, industrial, northern towns.
 Which, I don't know, it's not that much colder.
 But, yeah, it was as popular as wrestling, boxing, clogged dancing.
 - It was. - The three big draws.
 There was a group called the J.W. Jackson's Clog Dancers.
 And they're a group of young boys.
 And they would wear football jerseys.
 And they had clogs with buckles on and bits of metal.
 So that sometimes when you did your dance, they would do sparks.
 And they actually tore the whole of the UK.
 They were absolutely massive.
 And one of the original guys dropped out in 1896.
 And he was replaced by an eight-year-old called Charlie Chaplin.
 - Oh. - Oh.
 - The same. - The same?
 - No, completely the same. - Wow.
 - Very cool. - So was that his first job, basically?
 - Eight years old, he'd been working for like eight years at that point.
 The clog itself, the full wooden one, the clump, the clumpen.
 - Clumpen, yeah. - It's really interesting reading about them
 because they're actually really safe shoes for you to wear.
 If you're doing hard labour, if you're building on a building side,
 you're down in a coal mine or whatever, they're incredibly sturdy.
 But also, they're much better than, say, like a modern boot
 with a steel cap inside.
 Because if something drops on them,
 the metal of a boot can bend inward and crush your foot
 and you get stuck in there.
 Whereas with this, it just kind of splits the shoe open.
 So at least you're not sort of mangled within the shoe.
 - Yeah. - I feel like the makers of steel-capped shoes
 might object to the, like, they're much safer.
 But this basically came out because the EU said in the '90s,
 clogs aren't safe.
 And a lot of people in the Netherlands still then traditionally,
 and still sometimes now traditionally, wore clogs.
 So farmers, fishermen, factory workers, you know,
 there are lots of jobs where clogs would be the workman's boot of choice.
 And the EU said these haven't been tested properly.
 And so I'm afraid you're going to have to ditch the clogs
 and wear steel-capped shoes.
 And so the Netherlands organisation for Applied Scientific Research
 ran a whole bunch of tests to prove that they were as safe.
 So they got all these clogs in to the factory
 and they bashed them with a mechanical hammer.
 They compared, they put one tonne weights on them
 to see how they survived so that it was like being run over by a car.
 They pierced the soles with nails, they submerged them in water,
 they baked them in ovens at 300 degrees.
 - What? - Wow.
 I don't know in what circumstances, you're suddenly in a furnace.
 Like, if you're there, only your feet.
 We've got great news, the clogs have survived.
 We managed to save his feet.
 Here's the facts about Dutch wooden shoes.
 Apparently, there was a traditional Dutch marriage proposal
 where if you fancied someone, you would buy a pair of very ornate clogs
 and then you would secretly, at night, put them on the doorstep
 of the person you wanted to marry.
 Well, that'd be very hard to do, James.
 I mean, you'd need someone with special training at...
 LAUGHTER
 ..sneaking around in the dark.
 Am I just trying to speak around in clogs?
 Clog, Ninjas.
 I don't think you have to wear the clogs to eat before you deposit
 because that's why the Dutch have no ninja skills whatsoever.
 Well, the idea was then you would return the next morning
 and if your beloved was wearing the clogs,
 that meant she had accepted the proposal.
 Oh, my God!
 And then she would wear them till her wedding day.
 OK, question.
 Does she... Have you left a note to say these are from me?
 It's really interesting.
 Does she put them on and think, "Yes, James has proposed!"
 And then... I fear that might have been it
 because as far as I can tell, there's no notes from the source
 that I read.
 I assume you've let her know that that's going to happen
 or something because otherwise it's a bit of a shot in the dark,
 isn't it?
 Or maybe everyone had those doorbell cans back in medieval...
 ..medalines.
 LAUGHTER
 We're going to have to move on very soon.
 Oh, righty.
 Yeah.
 I noticed very recently, there's a new trend for...
 We're talking about animals wearing shoes.
 There's a new trend for dogs wearing shoes.
 I found the company...
 Well, to begin with, I got quite excited
 because Dolly Parton has started a new company for animals.
 It's like a parol for animals called Doggy Parton.
 And it's specifically for her dogs.
 So you can get cowgirl hats for your dog.
 You can get Dolly Parton-esque wigs for your dog.
 There's pink high heels, but it turns out it's a stuffed toy,
 so that doesn't count.
 The dog's not in...
 But then there's another company that's just started.
 I think it was last year called Riff Ruff,
 who has designed all these dog shoes for...
 And I think it was a pug in the website that I saw,
 and they kind of look like they're wearing, like, Nike shoes
 and Adidas, and they've made a hoodie as well,
 and it seems to be coming back in.
 To what extent...
 I haven't seen, so far, dogs strutting the streets of Glasgow,
 certainly, with their stilettos on.
 No, but if you use the offercode "FISH",
 you can get 20% off your first dog shoe on Riff Ruff.
 # #
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that Einstein was so famous
 that women reportedly fainted in his presence,
 and a mob once broke down the door of a lecture hall
 screening one of his films.
 Yeah, he made films.
 He was a big director, he was like Spielberg of his day.
 He's not thinking of Robert Pattinson.
 That's who I'm thinking of.
 He was the Robert Pattinson of his day.
 I had no idea that he was such a heartthrob
 and just such a big celeb.
 So this particular lecture screening incident
 was quite a big deal.
 I think it was called, like, the New York Einstein riots
 or something, but it was 1930,
 and the New York Amateur Astronomers Association
 was doing a showing...
 Einstein wasn't even coming.
 They were just doing a showing of a film
 explaining his theory of relativity.
 So, you know, stuff that Einstein's, you know, recently got into
 and everyone sort of started reading about,
 and they sent out 1,500 invitations to their members,
 and 4,500 people turned up, and they mobbed the place,
 and the guards couldn't keep control of them.
 They were sort of bashing into exhibits and stuff
 in the, you know, in the central hall.
 They had to call the police to try and calm them down,
 and they did break down the door to the lecture theatre
 in order to see the movie.
 - Right. - Wow.
 - What year was that, sorry? - 1930.
 - 1930. - 'Cause he became quite big
 just after the First World War, didn't he?
 - Yeah. - And that was one of the reasons.
 So he kind of made this prediction of where stars would be
 at a certain time due to his theory of relativity,
 and there had been an eclipse,
 and so because there was an eclipse there,
 they could measure these stars.
 And the interesting thing was that the people who did the
 measurement were British,
 and so it was kind of seeing this great moment,
 so the war's finished, but we have the British scientists
 and the German scientists coming together
 and proving this new theory, and that is what the result is.
 - Eddington. Was it Eddington? - Yeah, exactly.
 So that's kind of why he became so famous at the time.
 - Right. - Yeah.
 He actually said, 'cause he, as you say,
 it was the eclipse in, was it 1919?
 - Yeah. - Eclipse?
 Total eclipse, that sort of verified
 his theory of general relativity,
 which was basically explaining a way
 Newton's theory of gravity.
 So it was saying, actually, gravity is explained
 by kind of a bends in the, you know, in space-time.
 I think a really good analogy I read was,
 he explained that if you have a huge mass,
 then it bends space-time in the same way
 if you drop a heavy ball on a trampoline,
 then it creates a dent in the trampoline,
 and that pulls other objects on the trampoline
 a bit towards it, and in the same way it bends space-time.
 But so it took the eclipse to prove this to everyone else,
 but Einstein had his theory proved to himself in 1915,
 'cause he saw something in the orbit of Mercury
 that wasn't quite right, and the only way to explain it
 was that his theory of general relativity was correct,
 and he said when he found that anomaly
 in the orbit of Mercury, he was so excited
 that he had heart palpitations and couldn't work for three days.
 - Yeah, wow. - Yeah.
 The one in 1919 took a lot of people by surprise.
 They didn't realize it was gonna be so huge,
 and so the New York Times wanted to get someone
 to interview him or to, you know, go to his lectures,
 but they didn't have anyone there who really understood it,
 so they sent a guy called Henry Crouch,
 who was their golfing correspondent.
 - Wow. - And Henry Crouch wasn't just...
 Didn't just not know anything about physics.
 Because he didn't know anything about physics,
 they wouldn't let him into the press conference,
 but he still had to send something to the New York Times,
 and so he sent them an article that was headlined,
 "Stars, not where they seemed or calculated to be,
 "but nobody need worry."
 - OK. - That's so good.
 I read this theory that Einstein mania was actually a mistake.
 - OK. - So, he came to New York in 1921,
 and there was this huge crowd.
 It was so exciting, you know,
 there were thousands of people lining the streets waiting for him.
 There's a really good theory that actually they weren't there for him at all.
 - What? - I know.
 So, he visited. He was on someone else's trip.
 There was a politician called Chaim Weitzman.
 He was a politician, and he was a poster child
 for creating an Israel, basically.
 He was a Zionist politician,
 and Einstein was the most famous Jewish person in the world,
 and Einstein just sort of said, "OK, I'll come along to be there."
 So, when the ship docked, thousands of supporters came to cheer.
 They weren't cheering for Einstein, they were cheering for Weitzman,
 and all the Yiddish newspapers reported,
 "Oh, big crowd turned out for Weitzman, that's great."
 But all the English newspapers just thought,
 "Oh, Einstein, he's a crazy physicist, he plays the violin, he's so funny."
 And they were all here for Einstein, and then it turned into mega-Einstein mania.
 - What did the banners say? Come on, surely they were waving posters?
 - What are they screaming? - Yeah.
 - Because he was undeniably huge in America. - He was also famous, in fact.
 There was this rumour that women fainted in his presence.
 He was mobbed wherever he went, he'd land in airports,
 and the London Palladium, after he'd been to New York
 and they'd seen this huge reception,
 the London Palladium asked him to do a three-week-long one-man show,
 which he'd turned down the idiot.
 - Well, we did a one-day-long four-man show. - Yeah?
 Yeah, we're one-twenty-first of an Einstein between us.
 I think about him as well, is that he really intimidated people.
 You know, if you were in the presence of Einstein...
 - It's... - How?
 Well, it's kind of... Actually, I kind of remember the very first time
 when I started QI and met Stephen Fry.
 I genuinely felt intimidated that I was meeting someone of great intellect,
 that I just said stupid things the whole time.
 But he also intimidates people for fun, with a knuckle duster.
 Yeah, I mean, that was a bit weird, yeah.
 And his real accent as well, "All right, mate, how's it going?"
 I didn't... That was a shock, I gotta say.
 Um...
 Anyway, my legs are not broken anymore.
 Oh, man.
 But I remember seeing him going at you with those clogs.
 - It was something... - Oh, my God.
 That's going to suffice!
 (LAUGHTER)
 But so, there was a story, and this was published in The New York Times,
 that when he was ill in 1928, there was a New York physician
 who attended to him while he was in Germany.
 And the physician used to tell him anecdotes.
 Like, he had just anecdote after anecdote after anecdote.
 And everyone thought that he was doing this
 because he was just wanting to make Einstein cheerful.
 But he said, "Not at all."
 He memorized 150 anecdotes
 because he was so worried of Einstein asking him any questions
 and the ignorance of his answers coming out
 that he quickly diverted everything into,
 "Oh, did you hear the one about the time when the person did that?"
 And he had 150 of them at the ready...
 - That's amazing. - ...so that he would never run out.
 I want to see his one-man show, to be honest.
 - That would be good. - That's very...
 He was a real player.
 - Um... Or... - Yeah?
 Or tart, um, depending on which way you look at it.
 - Wow. - Um...
 From the age of about 15, he was kind of had various girlfriends,
 and he ended up age 17, um, in love with this...
 other fellow physicist, the only female physicist studying where he was studying,
 Milaver Marich.
 And they did love each other, I think, and he actually did get her pregnant.
 But we have no idea what happened to that child.
 Liesl, we have no idea because she...
 They couldn't marry because he didn't have a job yet.
 She went away, child disappeared.
 But anyway, he didn't stick with her for that long.
 He fell in love with someone else while he was married to Milaver.
 He fell in love with Elsa.
 But then I think, as he was in love with Elsa,
 he also fell in love with her daughter, Elsa.
 - Sorry? - Elsa and Elsa.
 - Wait, hang on. - Elsa and Elsa.
 - Elsa... - Yeah.
 - Elsa was his first cousin. - Yeah.
 But also, on the other side of her family, she was his second cousin.
 - Yeah. - Ah.
 Is it possible Elsa and Elsa were the same woman?
 - No, it was definitely Elsa's daughter. - OK, OK, OK.
 - Because they talked about it, because eventually... - This is why he was into relativity.
 - Oh, God! - LAUGHTER
 Good.
 - Very nice. - Um...
 No, definitely two different people, because he basically said to them,
 "I really want to marry you both."
 And, "Do you want to choose which one I marry?"
 And sort of proposed to the daughter, and the daughter eventually said,
 "I actually think of you as more like a father."
 Um, and so, John and Mary, my mum instead.
 - And so, he did. - What?
 And that was just the kind of free-love situation he ended up in.
 We mentioned ages ago on the podcast that his adopted granddaughter
 was someone who actually believed that she was the love child
 and was actually the daughter of Albert Einstein.
 And she went to her grave believing this and pushing this,
 because she had people write to her, various people who knew Einstein.
 She didn't even really meet him, I think possibly she only met him once.
 - Yeah. - He didn't know some of his grandchildren.
 Einstein once gave his grandson Cesar a three-hour lecture
 on the mathematical properties of soap bubbles.
 Despite the fact that at the time, Cesar was eight years old.
 - Right. - He took him out on a boat trip
 and would not stop talking about soap bubbles for three hours.
 - They are quite interesting, though, aren't they? - They're quite interesting, yeah.
 And eight years... I mean, Charlie Chaplin was club-dancing at eight years old.
 - You know, he can listen to a three-hour lecture. - Yeah, yeah.
 And some maybe other famous people, like, um,
 Jean-Jacques Rousseau, very famous, uh, in his time.
 Uh, and because he was so famous, he became really, really paranoid.
 And at one stage, he thought that everyone was sending him
 these, um, fan art, and they were so bad
 that he thought there was a conspiracy happened
 that people were mocking him with their terrible pictures.
 Wow, I didn't think fan art existed like that at the time.
 It did. People made drawings of him and paintings of him.
 - Wow. - Uh, and he once had a visit from a couple of friends
 called, uh, Monsieur Madame Brett.
 Uh, and he found out that Madame Brett had an engraving of him
 that she kept above her mantelpiece, and she really loved it.
 And he completely fell out with her
 because he thought this was such a bad bit of fan art
 that he didn't want to be friends with anyone
 who could even look at it.
 - Wow. - Wow.
 - That's a high friend bar. - That's amazing.
 I mean, I've been to all of your houses,
 and I don't think much of the art on your walls, but I don't.
 - Well, I've got a massive painting of you over my fireplace, Anna.
 I can't believe you. - Yeah, and I take it as a parody of me,
 and I'm mostly offended.
 Um, I'm gonna have to wrap us up in a sec.
 I've got, uh, just a quick thing.
 James, you mentioned earlier, Robert Pattinson.
 - Oh, yeah. - Which you provided me.
 There's a story, and, you know, these celebrity stories,
 God knows if they're true, but, um, he obviously has a lot of fans.
 He was in Twilight. He's the new Batman.
 Um, and he had a stalker as well,
 and he actually kind of hit it head-on,
 and he took the stalker to dinner.
 Um, but at the dinner, he complained about his life so much
 that she got really bored and quit stalking him.
 - That's such a good idea. - That's how you deal with it, yeah.
 - Okay, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 most of us can be found on Twitter,
 but James the Ninja is mysteriously a lot harder to find.
 We can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Shriberland, Andy. - @AndrewHunterM.
 - James. - @JamesHarkin.
 - And Anna. - You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing,
 or you can go to our website, nosuchthingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are there, so do check them out.
 There's also this new thing we're doing, Club Fish,
 where you can join up, and you can get ad-free episodes.
 We're also doing these really fun behind-the-scene episodes as well,
 so do check that out.
 But the main thing to say is, Glasgow,
 thank you so much for having us tonight.
 We will be back again, and for the Lesnar at home,
 we'll be back again specifically next week.
 We'll see you then. Goodbye!
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 # #
 # #
 # #
 # #
 # #
 # #
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
