 (electronic music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (electronic music)
 - Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast this week,
 coming to you live from Redding!
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber,
 and I am sitting here with Annotch Isinski,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin,
 and once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James.
 - Okay, my fat this week is that the world record
 for most Beermats, flipped and caught in one hand,
 is held by a man called Matt Hand.
 (audience laughing)
 - Stunning.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's incredible.
 - It just can't be true, tell it.
 - I shall be sure.
 - And it is, we didn't believe it when he sent it to us.
 - And I send you the link to the Guinness World Records,
 and there it is. - Yeah.
 - So, guys, I got in touch with Matt Hand today.
 - No. - Yes.
 - He is a lovely man, by the way,
 and he gave me a list of all of his world records,
 and I sent him some Q&A's and asked him some questions,
 and he sent me some answers.
 The first thing I wanna say is, I asked him,
 "When you brought the world record for Beermat flipping,
 "did you consider the aptness of your name for that record?"
 And he said, and I don't know if this is true.
 He said, "I actually changed my name to Matt Hand
 "after I brought the record."
 - No. (audience laughing)
 - What?
 - That's why he said, "I don't know if that's true."
 - What's his real name?
 - He didn't say, I said, "That can't be true."
 And then he mysteriously didn't reply to my next email.
 But I put two questions, he answered the other one
 and didn't answer that, so I don't know if it's true.
 But the Matt is only one T, so it could be that he did,
 'cause he's a performance artist.
 Actually, he lives in Berlin now, he lived in the UK for a while,
 I lived in Nottingham when he did this,
 and he kind of thinks that breaking a world record
 is a bit like a work of performance art.
 He's basically saying, you know,
 "People wanna make the mark on the world,"
 and there are lots of different ways of doing it,
 and one way of doing it is by getting
 in the Guinness Book of Records.
 - That's true.
 - And a lot of the things that he does,
 he invites people to watch him try and break the world record,
 so he had the world record for the longest table tennis rally,
 for five hours, eight minutes and 22 seconds,
 and he sold tickets for that.
 - Wow, did he sell tickets for that?
 Or did he put them on sale?
 - I suppose you wouldn't know how long it was gonna last, do you?
 - That's true.
 - Like if we did a world's longest podcast now,
 on how long people would stay?
 - Well, the doors are locked and we're about to find out.
 Start the clock!
 (laughing)
 There was a rash of great catching records in the '80s and '90s.
 That was a big thing for a little while.
 So there was a guy who dropped a grape
 from a 38-story building.
 - What?
 - He had got his friend, his name was Paul Tavilla,
 and he says, I think he may have written this,
 it was launching him into great catching fame.
 It's his website, but 38 stories, a red grape,
 from 38 stories, he called it in his mouth.
 - No, that's amazing.
 - I would argue that once you've got that hired,
 it doesn't really matter if you go hired, is it?
 'Cause it's gonna reach its terminal velocity of a grape.
 I mean, that can only be a few flaws.
 - Yeah.
 - So, you know, I reckon I could do one flaw.
 If I can do that, I reckon I could do one flaw higher.
 - Is it a sight thing?
 Is it maybe at 39 feet, suddenly?
 - It doesn't say how many grapes were around him
 smashed on the ground.
 - Yeah, that's the thing, yeah.
 - They could have dropped 300 at the same time.
 - That's true, actually, because when Matt Hand
 beat this world record for a number of Beermats,
 Flipped and Caught, it was 112 that he managed.
 112.
 - Sorry, it's not at the same time.
 - Yeah. - What?
 - Yeah.
 - No one's got hands back.
 - What? - What?
 - You know what?
 It does sound a lot, doesn't it?
 (laughing)
 But I suppose that's why it's a record.
 It's like, if I said, you know,
 if I say, who's saying Bolt ran 100 meters in 9.7 seconds,
 you'd be like, 9.5 seconds, if I said he did it in two minutes,
 you wouldn't be impressed at all.
 - But if you said he ran it.
 - I'd say, why is he famous?
 (laughing)
 - If he did it in one second,
 this feels like a one second 100 meters sprint.
 - 100, I'm not sure, that's as tall as your eye.
 - No, it isn't, I don't know.
 - Very thick Beermats.
 (laughing)
 - But he took a lot of times to do it
 is what I was gonna say,
 'cause you were saying about the grape thing.
 He took more than 100 attempts.
 And I said to him, do you ever consider giving up
 after more than 100 failures?
 And he said, failure is a redundant concept in conceptual art.
 - A great quote from a great man.
 (laughing)
 I only looked at Beermats for this.
 - Oh cool, yeah, let's call Beermats.
 - I know a little about Beermats now.
 Did you know that the original Beermats were for,
 they were coasters for sliding wine around.
 So, and this is I think the first time the word coaster
 was used was in 18th century Britain.
 And it was for moving wine around
 after the servants had been dismissed.
 So, if you're having kind of a posh dinner,
 then at one point you just miss the servants
 and you just miss the women.
 And so, there was no one to hand the wine around the table.
 And so, this thing was invented,
 which you still have today,
 which was the thing that slides the decanter around the table
 and used to have little wheels on the bottom.
 - No.
 - The men drinking their brandy
 could just nudge it to the other end of the table.
 And that's why it was like coasting.
 - Like coasting, on the coast of the table,
 'cause it would go around the edge of it.
 - I heard that the original Beermats
 used to be placed on top of glasses.
 And then, because the idea was to keep insects
 and so on and poison out of your...
 - I don't think it wasn't poison, was it?
 - I'd been watching a lot of Game of Thrones recently.
 But yeah, and then it slowly graduated
 to the bottom of the glass.
 - It wasn't so, it wasn't fair.
 - Was there ever a period
 where it was in the middle of the glass on the side?
 (audience laughing)
 - That is true though, to an extent.
 Is the kind of invention of Beermats
 comes from German tankers, which used to have lids on them.
 And you would kind of...
 They were lids on a hinge on top of the beer
 which stopped it spilling, so stopped it messing up the table.
 And you would kind of flip the lid with your thumb
 like you kind of do with milk jugs now.
 - But you still get those in Germany, don't you?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 And then people would not be wealthy enough
 to have the lids.
 And so the coat is migrated down to the bottom.
 But it's just incredible to think people,
 who was the first genius to do that?
 To look at the coaster and say,
 "I know where that should go instead."
 - Yeah.
 - There's no poison around.
 There are no insects around.
 I'm gonna try it.
 It's incredible.
 There is a Beermat which orders a drink for you.
 So it's been invented by some German researchers
 and it orders a new drink for you
 when it senses yours is running low.
 - Sounds really good.
 - It measures the weight of your drink
 and the weight of your glass.
 - Right, yeah.
 - Is it when it's empty or when it's sort of a quarter full?
 - I don't know.
 - The song was drunk fast to the another something.
 - Yeah.
 And what if you don't want another drink?
 Does it just keep ordering it?
 Sorry, I don't understand.
 (laughing)
 - Do you know one thing that I thought was quite interesting
 which is the reason that Beermats kind of became very popular
 is the invention of refrigeration.
 And so people had ice on mass.
 Like poorer people had ice
 because you could have a fridge now.
 And then that meant that a lot of condensation happened on drinks
 and so that meant the condensation dribbled down the edge
 and meant you needed a Beermat.
 - So a lot of them are made in Germany,
 aren't they?
 I think the biggest Beermat producer is in Germany still.
 And the people who make Beermats,
 they also make the pretend wood circular discs
 that are found in packets of camembert.
 And also the thin sheets of board
 found at the back of some wardrobes.
 (laughing)
 It's got that, you know,
 it's good that you can kind of do a few different things.
 - Yeah, it's really clever.
 - I'm diversifying.
 Although I read that and I've never seen a sheet of board
 at the back of my wardrobe.
 - Have you ever?
 - No, I just go straight to Nalia, doesn't it?
 (laughing)
 - But this place is amazing.
 So this is the cat's group in the Black Forest in Germany, isn't it?
 And they make an unbelievable number of Beermats.
 So it turns out we go through loads.
 They make about 75% of the world's Beermats,
 which amounts to 5.5 billion a year.
 They can make 12 million Beermats in one day,
 which is so many Beermats.
 And there--
 - That's too many to flip, isn't it, even for this guy?
 - You can, you can do it.
 The website says, the very first thing you see
 if you go to the cat's website is,
 you could argue that we only make one thing,
 a material based on wood pulp,
 but we do do that one thing outstandingly well,
 which they do.
 And my favorite thing about their factory
 is that they have what they call a debarking machine.
 So Beermats are made from kind of pulped wood
 that's like sent through all these processes
 and then can be flattened out.
 And the debarking machine is where they put huge tree trunks.
 And it's like a giant washing machine.
 And they close the door and they just spin it round and round
 and then the bark will gradually come off.
 Which I think is just really cool.
 - Another thing you can do with Beermats
 is you can make little towers with them, can you?
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, like you put them like her playing cards.
 You can make them on big, big towers.
 And they have world records for these as well.
 But what the sad thing is, if you get one
 that you think is a world record,
 then the only way you can tell is by knocking it down.
 You have to knock it down to get the record.
 And that is to prove that there was no adhesive used
 when you were building it.
 So the world record was 300,000 coasters to create.
 - Sorry.
 - Whoa.
 - No way.
 - Absolute way.
 - How tall is that?
 - Well, if you think that 100 is the height of you and me.
 - Yeah.
 - This was the Chrysler building, that's massive.
 - I mean, I just don't believe that.
 I just flat out can't believe that.
 - I mean, it's the most amazing achievement ever known to me.
 - It's written on the sauce on this piece of paper.
 So it must be true.
 - All right.
 - So it was a Guinness World Record
 by Sven Gerbal.
 - Cool.
 - The Gerbal's famously strong on propaganda James.
 - You're not usually known that.
 (laughing)
 - That would be the thing to rescue the family name.
 I know it.
 (laughing)
 - We're gonna have to move on shortly to our next facts.
 - Can I just tell you one more thing about beer mats?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - So in 2004, some Christians tried to find the 11th
 commandment via beer mats.
 So this was a push by a bunch of Methodists,
 the Methodist Church, to find the 11th commandment
 and they advertised for it on beer mats.
 It was attempt to attract the young to the church
 and they produced 250,000 beer mats
 saying, please let us know what you think the 11th commandment
 should be.
 And it was really controversial.
 So a lot of other Christians said that it,
 we didn't need an 11th commandment.
 There was someone called the Reverend John Roberts
 who said that 10 were enough.
 And actually, if we lived by those 10,
 we wouldn't need this kind of gimmick.
 (laughing)
 But the Reverend who planned it said that he hope
 that people will want to collect the drinks mats,
 discuss them with friends and use the quick
 and popular meeting of text messaging
 to tell us their ideas, which is sweet.
 And so they did this and there were a list of winners.
 - So there was more than one winner?
 - There were like five winners.
 - Shit, so when do we have to not do?
 - So the 11th commandment is a toss up between
 thou shalt not confuse text with love.
 And this is my favorite, thou shalt not consume
 thy own body weight in fudge.
 (laughing)
 - Very nice.
 - That's a hard one.
 - We're all sinners, we're all sinners, James.
 We've all done it.
 (laughing)
 - I reckon I could get through life
 not coveting my name as art.
 (laughing)
 Okay, let's move on to our second fact.
 And that is Andy.
 - My fact is that pandas have their own Harvard.
 So.
 (laughing)
 - That's why the silence in the room is true,
 that pandas have their own Harvard.
 So this is from a magazine I read
 called "Delayed gratification quarterly,"
 (laughing)
 which I kid you not is so good,
 it arrives every three months
 and the news is at least three months old
 and it's riveting. (laughing)
 So they ran a feature all about
 the practice of rewilding pandas.
 You know, when you train a panda
 that's been born into captivity
 and you train it to survive on its own in the wild.
 And they have something which they,
 the scientists who work on this call "Panda Harvard"
 because they gradually get moved through training camps
 to wilder and wilder arenas.
 So from the completely...
 - So they start in like panda kindergarten.
 - Exactly.
 - And then they work the way through
 panda primary school, secondary school.
 - Panda six farm.
 - Yep.
 - And then panda Harvard.
 And it's this 200 hectare dojo
 where they do their final training before they go out.
 - It's the wild.
 - It's true.
 - Are you sure you didn't watch Kung Fu Panda?
 (laughing)
 - So the training program involves finding water
 independently, finding natural shelter,
 staying vigilant, identifying enemies
 and avoiding danger.
 And if they fail any one of the elements of the course,
 they get busted back down to panda school.
 So yeah, and if they pass Panda Harvard,
 they are released into the wild.
 And only I think seven pandas have ever passed.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - It's hard to pass, isn't it?
 So because it is very important that we...
 Well, there's a lot of effort that goes into trying
 to make pandas survive in the wild and make them breed.
 And if they're not gonna survive, it's pointless.
 So I think in their enclosures,
 they're given a stuffed leopard at one point
 that's put into the enclosure.
 And if a panda runs up to the stuffed leopard
 and sniffs it, it fails forever.
 (laughing)
 It's in captivity, forever more.
 - But it's not?
 - Yeah, yeah, it's very loud.
 It's done.
 - But you could learn that, can't you?
 - Well, if you don't show the instinct,
 I'm afraid you're out.
 You have to be able to climb as a panda.
 You have to master the solo climb.
 And if you can't do that, you fail,
 'cause that's the only way pandas can escape predators,
 'cause they're generally quite slow, aren't they?
 - So like climb, so good.
 - Would you watch, I would watch Panda Gladiators
 like a shot?
 (laughing)
 - But it is hard.
 And that leopard is stuffed full of leopard excrement,
 so it smells like a real leopard.
 - Okay.
 - Yeah, and the eyesight is so bad
 that if they react correctly to a fake leopard,
 they'll probably react correctly to a real leopard.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, the thing is that the humans
 all dress as pandas, don't they?
 So if you're like the equivalents of the professors
 in Harvard, they're all dressed in black-and-white
 pandasuits that have been smeared with pandapy and feces.
 - There are a lot of people wondering
 what happened to their lives.
 (laughing)
 They were long-pandering closure.
 But yeah, that's true,
 'cause they're never allowed to come into contact
 with anyone that resembles a human, are they?
 - And they're always watched by 200 closed-circuit cameras,
 so it's a bit like Panda Big Brother.
 - Oh, God.
 - Would you watch that?
 - I would.
 - Would you watch basically any TV show
 that had pandas instead of humans?
 - I definitely watched Panda Driving School.
 (laughing)
 - So some of them get really good, though.
 So for example, they were too released in November 2017,
 very recently.
 They were called Bashi and Ying Shui,
 and they got so good that they spent several days
 on the run in the wildest enclosure,
 and their human handlers had to lear them back with treats.
 - There's a thing where they've noticed that a lot
 of pandas in the wild immediately start acting
 in ways that they really wish they acted in enclosures.
 For example, mating is a big thing
 that's problem with in the zoos and so on,
 which they've got no libido
 and they can't manage to get them to mate.
 There's been in China not too long ago in Chengdu.
 They've been testing new methods about how to get pandas
 to start building a libido and mating.
 And one of the things that they've been testing
 is they've been playing pandaporn to pandas on a TV.
 So I would not watch porn if it was pandas.
 (laughing)
 But that's a genuine thing.
 So they have a TV in the enclosure,
 and they've filmed pandas having sex
 and they just have that on a loop with the sounds
 and so on, with pandas watching it,
 hoping that that turns them.
 - I don't think it really works that well, does it?
 - No, no, it doesn't.
 - No.
 - They tried loads of different things.
 They don't hardly anything works.
 - Have they tried storylines,
 like a panda turning up who's a plumber
 when her husband's out?
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - She's thinking about a divorce anyway.
 - I don't know who fitted this bamboo.
 (laughing)
 - Another thing they tried was artificial insemination,
 which was pretty bad actually,
 'cause the male pandas had to be anesthetized
 and then stimulated into ejaculating
 with the help of an electric probe placed in their rectums.
 - Look, there's no shame in that James.
 (laughing)
 - You know, Ethan passed the and the panda hybrid baby
 we're expecting in nine months' time.
 No panda females are there.
 - I'm Drew Murray, sorry, sorry.
 - No, no, it's all right.
 I think it was a worthwhile interruption.
 (laughing)
 Panda females often give birth to twins
 and but they can't look after more than one baby,
 which is the great tragedy of pandas.
 So they let the other one die, which is really sad,
 but yeah, 'cause they are literally incapable
 of looking after two children.
 They're so not meant to survive.
 But in captivity, the twins get a surrogate mother.
 So there's a person who's dressed up as a panda
 who acts as the twins' mother
 until it's ready to survive in the wild.
 And then it's fine.
 - Wow.
 Margaret Thatcher didn't like pandas.
 Turns out?
 - No.
 - They've just released some documents under the 30-year rule
 and it's her being asked by some press people.
 Would you share Concord with a panda?
 - That sounds like it's just a random question
 that she was asked by some.
 Would you rather share Concord with a panda
 or the royal train with a llama?
 - They actually wanted her to get into Concord
 with a panda, didn't they?
 - Yeah, they did.
 - Because Panda had to get to wherever she was going
 at the same time.
 And they thought it would be a good kind of press thing, didn't they?
 - Yeah, and she might have a picture taken with it
 and she wrote back saying,
 "I am not double underlined, taking a panda with me."
 Pandas and politicians are not happy omens.
 We don't know why.
 - Wow.
 How tragic.
 Such a well-loved figure.
 We suddenly find out that my pandas.
 - But it was to do slightly with panda diplomacy, wasn't it?
 So there was the whole thing of handing over pandas
 as presents to the West.
 And it turns out that that stopped in 1984.
 We now have things where if there's a panda in a zoo,
 it's on loan.
 It's like a, and it costs them any country that has them
 about a million a year now in order to just keep
 the panda in their own zoos.
 And that's official.
 Any panda around the world, if it's from China.
 - They all belong to China, don't they?
 - Yeah.
 If they give birth, that baby belongs to China as well.
 - Do you know the first panda that left China left it as a dog?
 - So is that like a disguise or something?
 - Sort of.
 It was this amazing woman.
 This is the 1930s.
 It's actually quite a long time before we stumbled
 across pandas in the West and decided we wanted them.
 In the 1930s, a woman called Ruth Harkness.
 Her husband died and he'd been determined
 to bring some pandas from China to the US.
 And so she pursued his aims.
 She found a baby panda.
 She fed it on like human baby formula.
 She tried to bring it back and get the ship
 from China back to the US.
 But when she tried to board the ship,
 they said, "You've got a panda with you.
 You can't take a panda."
 And so she stayed with it in quarantine overnight
 and refused to get on the ship without it.
 And eventually they said, "We just don't know what to do
 because the paperwork, it does not allow for pandas."
 And so the panda left as one dog, come a $20.
 And that was the records in China.
 So one dog left China in 1936.
 - That's right, so cool.
 - It is true, actually, that we didn't really know
 about pandas in the West for a long time, did we?
 I think it was 1969.
 - What?
 - Until then, for about 50 years,
 they were effectively encrypted.
 They were like the Loch Ness Monster.
 Like people knew that they, people were saying
 that they existed, but no one had seen one in the West.
 - But in the US in the 1930s, there was like a panda menu.
 - Sorry, I should've said 18.
 - 18.
 - 18.
 - 18.
 - 1969.
 Well, we've landed on the moon.
 Now it's time to nail this pandemic once and for all.
 - You can see the great will of China.
 What's that on the great will of China?
 - Speaking of panda dogs, have you guys heard of panda cows?
 - This is very cool.
 This is a genuine thing that happens
 amongst breeders of miniature cows.
 There's a certain group of people who,
 because it's a black and white animal,
 try and breed a panda cow, which is to have
 the black and white fur markings
 to match exactly how a panda would have it.
 And there's only between 30 and 40 on the planet.
 And there's a number of animals that they tried this with
 in different various fields with rabbits.
 There's an impossible rabbit that people try to breed.
 And one of those things is in the cow world is panda cow.
 - So they're not trying to make a panda with a cow.
 Obviously, they're trying to breed a cow
 that has the markings of a panda.
 - So it has like the black eyes.
 It has the stripe right around, which is very hard to get.
 - Sorry, I zoned out.
 Why are they doing this?
 - You zoned out?
 - Just in the middle bit, where you...
 - I think Andy was speaking for a lot of the audience.
 - Jesus.
 - But just why, 'cause it's hard, 'cause it's...
 - Yeah, because it's an impossible task.
 So if you manage to do it,
 it's an incredibly rare miniature cow
 that you can sell for hundreds of thousands,
 possibly if you wanted to.
 So we need to move on, surely, guys.
 - Just one more thing about rewilding.
 - Yeah.
 - And introductions to the world.
 You might have seen the story.
 It's about a granite called Nigel,
 who has just died this year, and he became famous,
 'cause he spent the last four years
 courting a concrete decoy granite,
 which had been put on his island.
 They were trying to lure more granites to the island,
 and this was a huge effort.
 They put loads of concrete granites on there,
 and they were 80, and he got a girlfriend,
 who was made of concrete.
 And he was...
 The researchers researching him called him Nigel,
 'cause he had no mates.
 I know.
 And he died just as three real living birds joined the colony,
 and he decided he didn't want to go
 and mate with the actual living female birds.
 He stayed with his concrete girlfriend until he died.
 - I think that's quite romantic, actually.
 - It is romantic.
 - I respect that.
 - Yep.
 - There's also...
 (laughing)
 - Well, you're going out with that ballad at the moment, aren't you?
 (laughing)
 - There's also the Blackfooted Ferret,
 which was once thought extinct,
 which we're trying to bring back into the world,
 and there's a conservation setting,
 Colorado for this ferret.
 So it's extremely rare.
 And again, they have this kind of school
 to try and prepare them for the wild
 so that they can survive there.
 And you have to prepare them for predators
 and for mating and stuff.
 And so for the Blackfooted Ferret in Colorado
 at their kind of prep school,
 they have stuffed raptors that swoop down
 on one of the human keeper's arms
 that they have to defend themselves against.
 They also have a robo badger,
 which is a mecanite...
 - I would watch that film.
 (laughing)
 - It's a mecanized badger.
 And they drive it around the pens of these Blackfooted ferrets.
 And they hope that the Blackfooted Ferrets would instinctually
 try and avoid it and run away from it.
 And it turned out it didn't work.
 The ferrets immediately started riding on the back of them.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, let's move on to fact number three.
 It's time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the American flag
 was designed by a 17 year old student.
 And his teacher gave him a B minus for it.
 (laughing)
 So this was back in 1958.
 This is when America had 48 states.
 - Back when the panda was still a distant myth.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, 1958, there was a student called Robert Heft.
 And as part of a school project,
 his teacher wanted them to make something
 that inspired them.
 And he decided that he wanted to make an American flag,
 but he wanted to make an American flag
 that had 50 stars on it.
 Because there'd been lots of talk about Alaska
 and Hawaii joining the states.
 So he handed in his project to school.
 He'd re-sown one of his parents' flags with two extra stars.
 And he sort of moved it around so it made sense
 and it was a lovely design.
 And his teacher said, there's only 48 states, you idiot.
 What is this ridiculous and gave him a B minus.
 So he then said to his teacher,
 well, I'm gonna submit this flag if the states get added.
 And if I submit it and we get it,
 made the official flag, will you remark me?
 And he said, yeah, sure, whatever.
 A year later, President Eisenhower was calling him up
 to say, we've made your flag the official flag of America.
 And he had his mark remark to an A.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 Because I read, which is flawed, obviously,
 that he was marked down for lack of imagination,
 which I actually would agree with,
 because all he did was add to stars to the existing flag.
 But okay, he was adding the new stars.
 'Cause a lot of people did submit their entries,
 didn't they, to Eisenhower, when it was discovered
 that, you know, new states were gonna be added.
 And a lot of the other suggestions are better.
 And there is a book called Old Glory
 with the other suggestions in them.
 - So the question is, who's a teacher
 that would give this boy a B minus?
 What Pratt would do that?
 Stanley Pratt is the name of the teacher, who did that?
 And very kindly gave him an A.
 - But this guy Heft, he also designed a 51 star flag,
 just in case another state joins the union.
 - Yeah.
 - Sadly, he died recently.
 - And all the way up to 60, actually.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - So he's kind of thought, well, I nailed it with a 50.
 (laughing)
 - That's amazing.
 - But what are the 60, that's, I don't know.
 - So Puerto Rico is supposed to be the next one,
 if that, you know, they're trying to get enough.
 - Yeah.
 - And then, probably, Russia.
 (laughing)
 - Newt Ginrich, when he was running against,
 I believe it was Bill Clinton, or was it George Bush.
 He proposed that he wanted a new star on the flag
 within his tenure as president, if he made it,
 which was gonna be the moon.
 He believed the, that was genuinely,
 he sat in a press conference, near NASA,
 and he said, I want the moon to be it.
 And I realized the only way you can get it on the place
 is if you have 13,000 votes.
 So we need to colonize Mars and the moon,
 get 13,000 people on there, but he was saying this
 in a serious way.
 - And yet, he still feels like a great loss
 to the presidential race, is he?
 - I mean, I would have voted for him.
 - This is not as uncommon as you think.
 So the Australian flag was based on design
 submitted by a 14-year-old, so.
 - Yeah, and there were loads of design submitted.
 And one of them, I really wish we'd seen this,
 was a team of native animals playing cricket.
 (laughing)
 - So like the wallabies are fielding
 and the ostrich is bowling.
 - The kangaroos holding a one bat.
 - Yep.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, that was in 1901, wasn't it?
 Early example of crowdsourcing.
 And there were loads of really cool entries.
 So there was one entry that had a kangaroo with six tails
 to represent all six states.
 (laughing)
 Another one apparently weirdly had a,
 what was described as a fat kangaroo,
 aiming a gun at the Southern Cross constellation,
 which seems quite weird.
 But in the end, the thing that won,
 which a variation of which exists today,
 is something that funny different people submitted,
 which again shows lack of imagination.
 So and also they had to split the prize money five ways.
 So they should have gone with a fat kangaroo.
 - Right.
 There is actually, and I think we've mentioned it before,
 there is a flag that has a gun on it
 for a country Mozambique,
 which has an AK-47 on its flag.
 - Yeah, there was a campaign to get rid of it
 in like the early 2000s, and actually the Mozambique president
 said know it kind of represents our past,
 and you know, the struggle that it took to get there.
 'Cause the red on a lot of flags represents blood.
 And especially in a lot of African flags,
 the red represents kind of the bloodshed
 that it took to gain independence.
 And the green represents like the fertility of the land
 and stuff.
 But all those colors mean really significant things.
 - Almost no flags have purple on them
 because purple was such a rare color for such a long time.
 So I think we've mentioned before,
 it took, in the Roman times, only, was emperors?
 - Yeah, emperors, good price, where purple togas,
 because it was made out of snails,
 and it took 10,000 snails to make a gram of the dye.
 It was very, very rare stuff.
 - And they take ages to get into the machine as well, don't they?
 (laughing)
 - That is good.
 So maybe if there's some new countries that come along,
 they might go for purple.
 - Yes.
 - They should, yeah.
 You know, when the American, so the stars and stripes came along,
 when America came along.
 And obviously a star is added for every new state.
 But in, so it was 1793, I think the original flag came about,
 and it was the 13 colonies, and it was 13 stripes and 13 stars.
 And then in 1795, two stars and two stripes were added,
 because Kentuckian Vermont became states.
 And so initially it was supposed to be a new stripe product
 was added each time.
 And it was only in, so of course, then after that,
 and sort of the 30 years after that,
 loads and loads of new states came.
 And I think it was Monroe, President Monroe,
 who said in 1818, we had to stop with the stripes thing,
 because we can't fit that many stripes on a flag,
 and said we'll go back to 13 stripes,
 and then any number of stars.
 - That's so funny.
 - It's good, isn't it?
 We might have 50 stripes on the flag right now.
 - Well, the thing is, they kind of didn't really care
 about their flag for quite a long time, didn't they?
 Really, the only reason they got it is
 because US ships needed one to sail into foreign ports,
 so they needed a flag for that particular reason.
 And it's not the kind of big, sort of,
 nationalistic thing that it is now.
 It was just for that, really.
 And they had a load of different versions at the time,
 as well, for on ships.
 So they had one flag, which was just a pine tree.
 So it's just a blue background, then a pine tree.
 And that was because pine was a major export
 from the US to Britain.
 And a bit like the Boston Tea Party,
 there was a big riot about pine at one stage.
 - Boston Tree Party.
 (audience laughing)
 - That deserve more than that, guys.
 (audience laughing)
 - I don't know.
 - We need to move on, Charlie, to the last one.
 - Oh, I have a flag hero.
 - Okay.
 - It's such a cool guy.
 He was the US flag expert.
 As in, he was called Whitney Smith.
 He was so obsessed with flags.
 The term for the study of flags is vexilology.
 He came up with that word.
 And he got flag for it because it's half-flatting
 in half Greek.
 Vexilum is Latin,ology is Greek.
 - Yeah, I'm with the rest of the world here.
 - Okay.
 - Well, he said, "I've been criticized
 because it combines Latin and Greek, a barbarism."
 But I say, "I was a teenager."
 (audience laughing)
 And we all do crazy stuff when we're teenagers, don't we?
 (audience laughing)
 And he designed the flag for Guyana
 because he was so keen to know what the country's new flag
 was going to be when it got independence,
 that he wrote to the president,
 said, "What's your flag going to be?"
 And the president wrote back saying,
 "We haven't thought about it.
 "We've been busy becoming independent."
 And he said, "Yeah, how about this?"
 And then they accepted that, that's really cool.
 - But I read that they didn't tell him.
 So his sister reminisced that he had no idea,
 he just sent off this thing,
 which I think he drew a design,
 and his mom knitted it into an actual flag and sent it off.
 And then a few years later,
 the whole family were like, "Oh, that's weird.
 "The Guyana flag looks a lot like the thing that we designed."
 And he wrote to the government and said,
 "That looks like my flag design."
 And they said, "I've been trying to get in touch with you for ages."
 (audience laughing)
 So I read it similarly.
 I read Nelson Mandela when they were designing
 a new South African flag.
 The person, there was thousands again of designs,
 and the person that they went,
 this is the one to go for, fact it through
 so that they could see it.
 But when it came through, it was black and white.
 So Mandela had to send his team out to get crayons
 to come back and color it in,
 to show him exactly the style that's true.
 - That's true, because actually,
 that wouldn't have been a good symbol
 for a nation of Scotland divided into black and white.
 (audience laughing)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Chazinski.
 - My fact this week is that the inventor of water skiing
 started out being pulled along behind a boat
 standing on his head on a wooden chair.
 (audience laughing)
 As is the original water skiing.
 This is the guy called Ralph Samuelson,
 and I think I read this in sports illustrated
 in like a really good long-weighed piece they did.
 But yeah, this is in 1922.
 He was in Minnesota on Lake Peppin,
 which is part of the Mississippi,
 and he just got really into sort of
 putting big planks of wood in the water
 and standing on them and being pulled along
 behind boats driven by his brother,
 and he experimented with lots of different things,
 and he especially liked to ride
 while either balancing on a friend's shoulders
 or standing on his head on a chair.
 So that's what he did.
 - He's like the opposite of a beer coaster
 in that he started the wrong way up,
 and then he ended the right way up.
 (audience laughing)
 - Yes, I think people often call him that.
 (audience laughing)
 - Actually, he started off on an ice boat, didn't he?
 Because that would freeze over a lot,
 and so they had an ice boat that would go
 through the frozen water,
 and he would go on actual skis,
 and then he thought when the ice went away,
 he thought maybe I could do this on the water,
 'cause it's just hot ice.
 (audience laughing)
 - Could I have a glass of tap hot ice, please?
 (audience laughing)
 - With some cold ice in it, actually, if that's okay.
 (audience laughing)
 - And he didn't pace it, did he?
 No, and someone else swooped in and did.
 - Yeah, it was Fred Waller who paced into it,
 and his product was called Dolphin Acquist Skis,
 and Fred Waller also invented wide-screen motion pictures.
 - Oh, really?
 What exactly? - Yeah.
 - Just like Sinorama, Sinorama thing, yeah.
 - Oh, wow.
 - I quite like about Ralph Samuelson is in,
 when you're water skiing, any new move that you do
 is often through the chaos of falling over
 and recovering and getting back up.
 So there are many moves where people tripped over,
 and they landed on their bum, and suddenly,
 they're like, wow, I'm still on my bum.
 This could be a move, and then they get back up to their feet.
 So Ralph Samuelson, as well as inventing this water skiing
 on two skis, he was one day on the two skis going along,
 and the wake of a boat came over,
 and he got launched into the air,
 and one of the skis left his feet,
 and he landed back down on one ski,
 and put his foot on the front of it,
 and suddenly invented the one ski slalom
 that happens on water skiing.
 So it was just, yeah, just all by accident, was he creating?
 - Yeah, and I mean, he invented a kind of water skiing,
 which I imagine exists now,
 just being pulled along by a plane.
 So he actually got quite a lot of publicity
 for a very short period of time in his little town.
 People used to come and watch him do this,
 he would get over a thousand spectators,
 and he would charge admission staff.
 A bandstand was set up for him,
 and they used to accompany his performances on skis.
 But then this guy called Walter Bullock,
 who was a pilot flew into Lake City, which is where he lived,
 and so Ralph Samuelson said,
 "Can you pull me along behind your plane?"
 And he did, and he went at a 60 miles an hour,
 and the first time he was pulled along behind this plane,
 it was like a ski plane,
 so it was going along in the water,
 and the propellers of the plane blew water into his face,
 like Bullets hitting him, he said,
 like hitting in his face, but he's too scared to let go,
 'cause it's going too fast, so that would be dangerous.
 And so eventually he was jerked out with his skis
 and pulled along on his stomach for about 50 feet.
 And even then he said,
 "My first thought wasn't for my safety,
 "but for whether I'd lost my swimming suit."
 - Oh, yeah, but then it was 1922 when he first started this,
 and in 1927 he unfortunately broke his back
 in a construction accident, and he never skied again.
 But then weirdly, a fall from a tall ladder
 would later cure his back problem.
 - No.
 - That just doesn't feel like something that happens, does it?
 - No way.
 - You know in like cartoons where you bang your head
 and you lose your memory
 and that you bang it an even number of times,
 and it comes back, it feels like that, right?
 But this is genuinely what happened.
 - Wow.
 - Fall from a tall ladder.
 - It's not, we should say, that is not NHS guidelines.
 (laughing)
 Have you heard about the Waterskying Elephant?
 Only one elephant is ever known to a Waterskied.
 - Is ever known to a Waterskied?
 - It was in the 1950s, she was called Queenie,
 and she did it.
 - Actually, I did know about that and there were two.
 There was a previous one called Sunshine Sally.
 - Well, that is insufficient research for me.
 I just assumed.
 It's really cool, 'cause it sounds cruel, but it's not, I...
 - It probably is.
 - Yeah.
 You've put an elephant on this side.
 They're outside of the normal environment, aren't they?
 - Yeah.
 - I guess so, but it looks very sweet when you're doing it.
 (laughing)
 - How does it work?
 'Cause do they go off a, do they go off a jetty
 or do they start in the water?
 - They're basically standing on quite a long thin platform.
 They're not on two separate seats.
 - They're basically on a boat, aren't they?
 - They're basically on a small boat being turned on
 behind a larger boat.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, okay, right.
 - It's not like, it was made, so Queenie's skis
 were made up of two huge pontoons.
 So they did look like two giant waterskies.
 They were kind of welded together, so she could stand up.
 But she was quite cool.
 - And she used to go to rallies for the Republican party.
 - Did she?
 - Because they have the elephants as their symbol, don't they?
 - Oh, okay.
 - That's why, that makes so much sense.
 So there were protests from animal rights campaigners,
 and this was in the '50s and the '60s,
 and then local county chairman Edward Flajati
 was last what he thought about the protests,
 and people saying that she shouldn't be water skiing,
 'cause it was unfair, and he said,
 he thought the protests were a Democrat plot.
 - Well, actually, maybe they were.
 - Yeah, it could have been.
 - So I was reading about, 'cause there's many different types
 of basic water skiing that you can doing.
 So you've got water skiing, you've got wakeboarding,
 and then you've got barefoot skiing as well.
 And what's interesting is the different speeds you need
 in order to get purchase on the top of the water.
 So wakeboarding is the easiest.
 20 miles an hour is the one that you need.
 Then there's 30 miles an hour, and that's four,
 actual water skiing.
 And 40 miles an hour is for barefoot skiing.
 So that's where you need insane speed.
 But then people have taken it further now.
 So there are records for people.
 There's a Guinness World Record for people
 who ski on their hands now.
 So what they do is they put their legs
 into the pulley rope bit that you hold on usually
 with your hands, and then they go down on their hands.
 And there's a world record, which was set in September of 2013,
 and that was someone handskied for 2956 feet,
 which is amazing.
 There's another world record where someone
 jumped from a helicopter, 67 feet in the air, landed,
 and then went barefoot skiing straight away, which
 you can see on YouTube, which I've seen as well.
 And the world record for the longest jump ever done--
 this is on water skis-- for a jump is 312 feet.
 And that is still held by a guy called Freddie Krueger.
 And I went online.
 You would have been good at the handskiing.
 I went online because I thought I've never heard anyone else
 called Freddie Krueger, and I went to Wikipedia
 and there's notable Freddie Krueger.
 He's quite famous for what scheme, when I think?
 Is he right?
 Well, there's only three.
 Well, he's doing good for the name of Freddie Krueger,
 because there's only three.
 There's him.
 There's a guy from the movie.
 And then there's a guy called Frederick Wilhelm Krueger
 and Nazi official from the third Reich.
 So he--
 No, this will rehabilitate the Freddie Krueger name.
 I know it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Bedford Water Skigging is very cool, though, and it's--
 so you're really good at Bedford Water Skigging.
 If you have flat feet, I learned.
 Which is quite nice for flat feet to be built,
 because I have quite a--
 And that your feet are 10 feet long, and it's amazing.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But you don't want your toes to go in.
 It's toes to nose, they call it.
 But I've got very high arches in my feet,
 and I always feel quite smug around my flat footed friends.
 But actually, I would be--
 I know, it's a weird reason to be arrogant.
 But a flat feet is much better.
 And also, you can get a third degree burns from it.
 So this is an interview with George Blair,
 who was a Bedford skiing champ in the '70s and '80s, I think.
 And he Bedford skied for three minutes,
 which is an extremely long time.
 And you're going so fast, and the friction is so extreme,
 that he got third degree burns, and he couldn't walk
 for days and days.
 And--
 You're surrounded by hot ice, and yet--
 [LAUGHTER]
 You get third degree burns, that's crazy.
 You know Swan's windsurf.
 Are they?
 Yeah.
 Sorry, no, it's not water skiing, but it is windsurfing.
 So it's--
 But it is windsurfing.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah, they do.
 They arch their wings over their back,
 and they can travel at three miles an hour, which
 is very fast for them, and it's way faster than they could
 go with by paddling.
 That's not as fast as they can fly, though.
 No.
 No, it's not their best means of getting
 from A to B, true.
 But it does save them a bit of energy.
 And this, I did not know about Swan's.
 They can run at a top speed of 22 miles an hour.
 Oh!
 I'm feeling that it's not true.
 That's the top speed, James.
 It's not the bottom speed.
 It's the top speed, who's saying bolts very top speed ever,
 over the course of 100 meters was 23.35 miles an hour.
 So a Swan could very nearly catch who's saying bolts.
 Wow.
 If at the end, if he stuck his neck out,
 he might actually manage to--
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's all about the finish, mate.
 I think that needs to be really strict rules,
 because they can't use their wings.
 I think that's the important thing.
 You mustn't be allowed to use your wings
 when you're racing, you're saying bolts on bolts.
 But if you're running in the 100 meters,
 you're allowed to wave your arms around
 and they get the molecules out of the way, actually.
 I think, well, they go like this, don't they?
 Oh, that's true.
 And not great for a podcast, I must say.
 If you were sort of--
 if you were doing this and kind of flapping the air past you.
 Yeah, like a front crawl while you're running.
 Basically.
 It must be better.
 It must be better.
 Because it's like air is just like very, very thin water.
 Oh, gosh.
 Future Olympians are gripped right now.
 Hey, we need to wrap up, surely.
 Yakskiing, have you heard of this?
 No. Yakskiing.
 So this happens in the Indian Hill Resort of Manali.
 And it's a tourist attraction.
 So it's really only tourist that do it.
 I'm sure the locals don't really do it.
 But your skier is at the bottom of a slope.
 He's attached to a rope with a pulley.
 And there's a yak at the top of the slope.
 And the yak-- you then shake some nuts at the yak.
 And for some reason, that makes the yak leg it down the hill.
 But of course, he's attached to you with a rope.
 And so you fly up.
 It's like the most amazing ski lift ever.
 And you've got an enormous speed.
 And it was a spot invented by a guy called Mr. Dorgy,
 who has the advice, never shake the bucket of nuts
 before your tie to the yak rope.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I think that actually is the 11th commandment.
 I don't think you're doing that.
 [LAUGHTER]
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 @AndruhunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 Andra Zinsky.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which
 is @nosuchthing or our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com.
 We have everything on there from our tour dates upcoming.
 We have our links to our books.
 We have all the episodes that we've done over the course
 of our four years.
 And just quickly, before we wrap up this week's episode,
 we asked the audience here in Redding
 to give us their favorite facts.
 So we're going to give away a cassette to the winning
 fact.
 And please collect it from us at the end of the show
 in the 48.
 So the winner, the winner, is just in potter.
 And we really like this fact.
 It is when Alan Jones won the 1977 Austrian Grand Prix.
 They didn't have the Australian National Anthem.
 Instead, a drunk man played Happy Birthday on a trumpet.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's amazing.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode
 we'll see you then.
 Redding, thank you so much.
 Goodbye!
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
