 The following show you're about to listen to is slightly different to the ones we normally do.
 This show was a live one recorded at the Aces and Aids bar in Tofno Park a couple of months ago
 and rather than being our four favourite facts, it was the favourite facts of the audience.
 So we did no prep for this at all, it was the first time we'd heard a lot of these facts
 so it's a bit ropey around the edges but stick with it because we think it's a really funny one
 and I hope you will enjoy it. We'll put it out this week in preparation for our
 Edinburgh Festival shows which begin next week.
 Hello and welcome to another episode and no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast this week
 coming to you live from the Aces and Aids bar in Tofno Park. My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anich Zinsky, James Harkin and Andy Murray and once again we've gathered
 around the microphone but this time it's not with our four favourite facts from the last seven days.
 It's your favourite facts and in no particular order, here we go. Starting with,
 okay you were told to put your name, this price is not for the name, it's an absolute disaster.
 Why don't we, I reckon people are going to remember what their facts were.
 That's true, Max Walker. Wicked, okay Max.
 So my fact is about the Scrooge effect which is if you make somebody think about death
 they then increase how charitable they are and also when they do donations they then get more
 satisfaction from it as well. Oh wow. That's good. Okay.
 Do we assume because they're thinking I really hope someone gives money to charity when I die
 so that it's not as bad? I think that's what people suspect, yeah. It also makes people spend more
 material goods in general. Okay. What is this famous effect called where you buy something green?
 Oh you're so you're doing something really good for the environment and then because you've done that
 then you do something really not very nice afterwards. It's called moral licensing. Okay.
 So where you let yourself do something bad so this sounds a bit like the opposite of that I suppose.
 You're reminded of something bad that's going to happen to you so you then do something good.
 Yeah. What's moral licensing? What's a good example? If you don't have a shower to save water
 later on you'll leave the hob on longer. Yeah.
 Yeah. Or you'll fill up the kettle slightly less than normal so it uses less energy and then you'll
 go out and brutally murder three people. Yeah. moral licensing. I weirdly today I read a story about
 a show that has been named the worst show of all time. In which show? In which the prizes were all
 charity prizes and the idea was that it was four celebrities and it was a show hosted by a
 comedian back in the day called Jackie Gleason and the idea was that if the celebrity got the question
 right a bunch of care packages would go to their choice of charity. If they got it wrong it would
 go in Jackie Gleason's name so it looked like he was this amazing. It's like wow this Jackie Gleason
 guy is incredible he cares so much. So here's the thing the show was terrible it was absolutely terrible
 and it got cancelled after two shows but the second show and as far as I know it's the only time in
 history this has happened the second show was Jackie Gleason sitting on a stripped-down set and it was
 half an hour of him apologizing to the audience at home. The entire second show was him going we totally
 messed up that was horrible we can't believe we did that to you we can't believe we spent so much
 money on it and then they cancelled the show but it's known as the worst show of all time. Yeah that sounds
 tedious. It's really interesting the stuff that has a psychological effect on you that you're not
 realizing and they're always doing studies sometimes quite dubious about it but there's that study
 that says that if there's pop music playing in a shop I think I'm all ready to spend more money
 and also the fact that they start playing classical music in places that are high crime
 haven't they? Because then it stops people it deters people from going to crime stations they do
 that. To stations yeah and dodgy parts of town play classical music people. Okay should we go on to
 the next fact? Yeah yeah go for it. Cool and so I think it's from someone called Coralie or Coralie
 ah yes so if you could pass that over I'll also read a tweet at the same time yeah go for it
 and so we have a tweet by someone called @olegranger and they said my fact is that if you like grilled
 cheese you'll have 32% more sex. What was this um an experiment you did yourself for?
 It was on BBC News. Oh was it amazing. And is that going to turn into a sexy food now when you
 sort of like bringing a date home and going grilled cheese or champagne oysters and rare bit?
 Okay let's move on to Coralie. Is it Coralie or Coralie? Coralie. Coralie what was your fact?
 In 1567 the man with the longest feud um died. Trapped over it running away from a fire.
 Okay when you trip it's quite easy to get back up straight away right? It depends where you trip.
 It was a fire next to the Grand Canyon so I think this guy with the beard I think I've heard
 about him and I think he used to tuck his beard in a pocket didn't he? He had a little pocket and
 he used to tuck it in there so he didn't trip over and presumably this time the fire was on and he
 sort of put his hands in the air not his beard out of his pocket and then trips up wow I'm speculating
 and I accepted that as true anytime James tells me something you're like wow okay that's good that's
 knowledge now. Abraham Lincoln had a beard famously yeah not for most of his life though did he?
 The reason he grew a beard I don't know if people know about this is because a young girl wrote him a
 letter saying that if he grew a beard then some of her brothers would vote for him um because he'd
 made a speech or he'd made a statement in some way saying I think it's so like reminiscent of
 kind of shortage trendy people today he said a thing saying do you think people might think I'm a
 bit pretentious if I grow this beard now this whole whiskery thing and this girl wrote him saying look
 I've got this brother he's saying he won't vote for you unless you have facial hair and so he did
 it and then he met her a few years later a station didn't he and said this beard's for you wow
 it was a different time wasn't it it was a more innocent time the 1860s
 um I go I just to move on quickly there's a really good tweet here that I got from at Finneyland
 which is that in 2009 two French mayors declared the same street one way but in different directions
 that is such a fantastic moment in history I remember that happening actually
 do you yeah was it in it's like near Paris or Paris yeah yeah yeah and it was like a big argument
 between these two mugs and they just decided right we're going to do it my uncle used to be a mayor
 in Bolton did he okay yeah what what what did he declare well he declared of his counterpart
 he declared that this was actually when it was a council around in the mayor but
 they wanted to build some houses in Bolton and the no one wanted them to build these houses and
 they tried to stop them but they couldn't stop them because they had the law on their side
 and my uncle thought well we can't stop them but what we can do is we can rename the streets
 things that they don't want to put houses on and so they came up with the idea of making a diarrhea
 drive and Hitler grows and they were genuinely they actually had plans that they were going to
 make these streets but then in the end I think what someone backed out of yeah just on the the
 subjects of of things being named Hitler there used to be a guy who lived in Ohio in he was living
 around World War II his name was Adolf Hitler right and he was living in America in Ohio refused
 to change his name and when the guy asked him why have you not changed your name he said I'm not going
 to let one guy ruin the good name of Adolf Hitler and so he kept the name and I always for years
 I've known this as a kind of QIish kind of thing and I've never kind of thought to think of whatever
 happened to his dream did it work I looked into it Ohio in America is the only place now that has
 Hitler named landmarks they've got a Hitler lake they've got a Hitler church they have a Hitler
 park it worked it worked Hitler brought the name background wow because what was he was he like
 give me two months I'll bring this back this will be a fine name again like Hitler did have
 nephews in Liverpool didn't they yeah and one of them hit one of his nephews wrote an article in 1939
 with the headline why I hate my uncle he's really bad presence at Christmas shall we move on
 yeah let's move on to our dexfacts okay our next fact is from Otte no oh sorry no uh Diane
 that they are similar to be fair do I do pond is that a name that yeah I think oh can you pass
 the microphone over okay so while you pass that on I'll read one of these facts that we have from
 at a patu and they said that canadian one dollar coins are called lunis and two dollar coins are called
 tunis that's really cool good today I'll tell you something about Canada margarine was illegal in
 Canada from around 1880 to around 1930 something like that what was the reason it was a very powerful
 lobbying from the dairy manufacturers they wanted it to be banned because they thought that they
 would bring taken away the butter business and they banned it and then they brought it back for a
 little time dream first world war because they needed something yeah in the bread but yeah for a long
 time and actually in some parts of America as well in Maine it was I think there were seven states
 where my dream was illegal at the start the 20th century yeah Wisconsin yeah and people would
 smuggle it over the border they had to die blue they had to die blue they had to die blue yeah
 blue and pink why did they even come back to die packets so it's not to be confused with butter
 oh wow so once again this is just an example of the type of audience that we have when we do a comedy
 game most other gigs is just people going you suck get off we have corrections in a in a told off
 sort of matter I wrote a tweet earlier and I got corrected on it in four different ways
 within 10 minutes two mathematical one simple counting thing which I hadn't done and one scriptural
 pretty good that's great does this lady Diane Stroke Otto Stroke have you got a mic yeah
 I do cool what was your fact the date work for 58 is actually short for eight and half three 20s
 58 is eight eight and half three 20s it follows like a Roman logical numerologic that's why it's
 semi-similar but much more complicated to a French isn't it which does you know catch a van yeah whatever
 this is much better but I need brackets to understand yeah I'm gonna put out there I literally don't
 understand what that means I'm not even gonna attempt to try and comprehend it did anyone try that
 maths quiz there was all over the news yesterday that logic quiz it was good wasn't it it was was
 in Sweden no Singapore S countries confused we could do this whole thing in call and response like
 like a queen gig so what was it it was a logic it was a logic puzzle it was where a girl and her two
 friends were she was trying to make them guess when her birthday was and she told one friend a date
 of her birthday and the other friend the month of her birthday and then there's a conversation
 where I mean you look it up yeah I'm not gonna give it to you yeah do you want to hear a really lame logic
 joke no it's tough it goes it's not mine three logicians walk into a bar and the farmer says do you
 all want to drink and the first guy says I don't know the second guy says I don't know the third guy goes
 yes I don't think it's that type of crowd James I'm gonna go for that kind of stuff tonight
 yeah the logic material didn't quite work it's a good one okay I have another fact here and it
 doesn't have a nail it has a name on the back from Josephine Josephine all right so while that's
 making it over here's another fact we got from Twitter from @itimpilgram jelly babies were
 originally marketed under the name unwanted babies okay Josephine have you got a microphone
 yes what would you like to tell us um rhinoceros beetle it's towing capacity is the same as a man
 lifting nine male elephants over his head how are they wow yeah are they doing it to show off or is
 it like I because I I've I've not even lifted one elephant I could I just never felt the need
 that's yeah I mean well the idea with this with with insects is actually it's because
 if you're a lot smaller it's a lot easier to do stronger things and that's because your muscle
 strength depends on the cross section of your muscle which is a two-dimensional thing and your
 size a three-dimensional thing and so it goes up quicker because you're also playing it three times
 rather than two times and I explain that very well no no that's good I've always felt inferior
 to ants because of this kind of thing and that's it's not because of that kind of thing and they
 work in a team there is one thing which is and it's I think the strongest organism in nature and
 it's a lot it's even smaller than the rhinoceros beetle but it's gonorrhea gonorrhea can tow
 something like a hundred thousand times its own weight which is um which is probably why it's so
 successful we not from our perspective but it has these uh filaments all the all around it called
 pilly which it sort of like it crawls along things with them and it has this huge huge pulling capacity
 it's very good wouldn't Andy make the most fantastic STI doctor just as you're getting the news that
 you got gonorrhea do you know which uh Dan which is your strongest muscle in your body um what would
 you say my tongue oh muscle it's a reasonable guess but it's wrong and so the strongest absolutely
 will be your ass your glutes is maximus and that's pretty much because it's the biggest got the biggest
 cross section I don't know you but the biggest by um by actual like got by size but the biggest
 by like square centimeter is not in your body but it is in Anna's body it's the uterus is really
 strongest your uterus is actually very weak sounds like a challenge let's get your uterus out
 let's do this every live show every live show he does this and a uterus has the strength equivalent
 of a crossbow now I don't understand what that means I mean medieval castles when perceived
 did not go to the uterus cabinet does that so is that saying if we like rigged up an arrow somehow
 to our uterus then we could propel it further than a crossbow or not really a crossbow is much bigger
 so it's like per square area that is a good fact just while we're talking about the body quickly
 I've developed a new thing on oh dear Dan I have to tell you from the diseases perspective
 it's doing great no it's just it's an odd new thing I've just in the last six months every time I
 wake up I'm woken up by the sound of my own body from my face going every time I wake up now like I
 swear to God every morning every morning I've woken up go what's happening to me that's my question
 I don't know what's happening to you but have you considered donating to charity
 swearing there was a man in America I don't know what made me think of this who was I think he was
 executed and what happened was they thought that he'd had sex with a pig and the reason that they
 thought they'd had said he'd had sex with a pig is because a pig had given birth to a piglet
 that looks a bit like him
 even though he knows it's not true that's the most insulting thing there's no winning that one so
 ever that really reminds me of a story that I remember Richard Maidley of Richard and Judy telling
 years ago he went up to a woman in a bus stop and he went bill high and this woman turned round
 and then what are you talking about he said bill right he was like we knew each other at school and
 she was like no I'm Jane and he said oh sorry you just look so much like bill I assumed you'd
 had a sex change and it was you it was all a thing to do say what you're like about Richard Maidley he's
 confident oh should we move on to our next facts okay this fact is from Chris R was at Nax Fish
 do we have it do we have Chris uh hello in the meantime shall I show my baby the fact that I got
 via email because I assume it's from someone who wasn't on Twitter Lauren Gilbert in 1958
 Chris Jeff went to Beijing to meet with Mao Mao proceeded to suggest a meeting while swimming
 knowing full well that Chris Jeff couldn't swim AIDS instantly appeared with water wings for Chris
 Jeff and the meeting took place with Mao swimming up and down and Chris Jeff flailing around in his
 arm bands okay who has the microphone hey hello hello go for it right um the police department in
 Cambridge Massachusetts requested that when the Harvard Bridge between Cambridge and Boston
 was refurbished in the 1980s that the graffiti on it was maintained by the people who created it
 because it became beautifully and identifying where accidents were on the bridge so they would say
 by the penis it's quite nerdy graffiti to be honest okay oh yeah okay my favorite fact about
 graffiti oh graffiti is which is it James which is it this is about graffiti okay and it is that there
 was a Christian group I think it was in the south of France I think and they were um cleared cleaning
 up graffiti uh and they were doing it because they were very nice people and they started cleaning
 and cleaning and cleaning and cleaning and then only afterwards did they found out they'd actually
 cleaned off a lot of prehistoric cave paintings oh my god how did that I mean surely there's a
 difference that you can tell between that is true although you know I think that a lot of prehistoric
 cave paintings were done by teenage boys right actually and a lot of French graffiti is of buffaloes
 being killed can I read out because we got sent in so we got an email when we said we need
 facts for tonight and we got an email from a lady called Lauren Gilbert who we just had this fact
 from Anna about Krushchev which is that so she gave us ten and this was my favorite one I'm going to
 read it out exactly word for word what she's written F. Scott Fitzgerald bitched to Hemingway
 that is Dick was too small then went to the bathroom and Hemingway looked at it and pronounced it
 fine he had a terrible injury didn't he to his up I'm going of memory here Hemingway had a very bad
 shrapnel wound possibly in the first world war which so which dealt severe damage to that region
 like the top of his thighs and his parts and private parts and that there is a theory that that's
 why he was so err about the big game hunting and the fishing and so when so when Fitzgerald showed him
 it was sort of like half hanging off and bleeding a bit and he went looks absolutely normal to me
 you're doing fine mate let's move on and Steve at Croyd where are you okay can someone give
 the microphone to Steve there we are Steve what is your fact so the name Garrett is now as of 2013
 less popular in the UK that's by people born within that year than both the name Thor and Loki
 wow what that is incredible wow but Gary actually isn't like and it's isn't an old name is it the
 first Gary was a country singer wasn't he someone's going to shout out who it was Gary Cooper
 Gary Cooper yeah that's the very Cooper he was the first person pretty much I think called Gary and
 I think he might have been named after a place called Gary in America okay and in the other you see
 the world expert on Gary's isn't he what other name knowledge do you have then it's kind of
 limited to basically that and I definitely learned from a different podcast you brought someone else's
 fact from another podcast or so good do that all I thought it needs to raise the bar you know how many
 people in North Croyd you think are called Kim Jong Un do you know the answer is correct yeah there's
 only one person called Kim Jong Un because he made it all no he made the law that everyone else
 who had that name had to change their name to something else to Gary to be fair I don't
 reckon there are many Queen Elizabeth the seconds in Britain yeah I guess it would be Elizabeth
 Windsor with all the Elizabeth Windsors would have to change their name does anyone here know anyone
 called Elizabeth Windsor there we see nobody see nobody knows anyone called Elizabeth Windsor
 and that is a scientific experiment happened right in front of your eyes I got sent a fact by someone
 for tonight and it was a fantastic fact it was really good but I got so distracted by his name but I
 forgot to write his fact down so I don't have his fact now but I do have his name and his name is
 Andrew his surname go to bed as one word he's called Andrew go to bed and he goes by Andy and he has
 a middle name which is William but he goes by Will so Andy will go to bed is his full name is that
 great I found something about names the other day this is just completely random now but the first
 English the first teacher of the English language in Japan was called Ronald McDonald
 why did he move to Japan that's great okay another one let's keep going yeah let's pick another
 effects and to us by Twitter this is from @83_biss when the tooth of a mastodon was found in North America
 it was identified as the tooth of a giant now that's very exciting to me because if you've
 listened to this podcast we talk I talk a lot about yeties and so on I worked out that's the period
 I should have been born in when someone's finding a big thing and going well it's obviously the tooth
 of a giant that's that's right there that's when I should have been born I would have been the man who
 went what's clearly a giant and there we go mr. Schreiber you are well there was the other thing
 the first dinosaur bone which they thought was a scrotum of a giant and they called it scrotum
 humanum and it turned out to be a meglis I think but by the strict rules of nomenclature they should
 still call it scrotum humanum because you're supposed to call it the first thing that you called it
 are you yeah wow so meglis or I still call it a scrotum humanum actually but you as we've
 ascertained call it graffito that is true um sharks teeth when they were just got fossilized
 sharks teeth sharks obviously go really many many millions of years back and often their teeth are
 the only bit of them which survives because they are all cartilage they don't have any bones so
 we know we only really know about fossil fossil sharks or ancient sharks from their teeth but they
 were thought to be a dragon's teeth unsurprisingly and they were crushed into powder and sold as a medicine
 wow yeah and people still take bits of shark as medicine to this day but they shouldn't please
 don't do it because it doesn't work just got a dead shark then and you're not any better
 okay another one um esta Clark I really like the fact that people say alcohol is not a solution
 but according to chemistry alcohol is a solution that's very good all right so you like the chemistry
 jokes we don't like the logic jokes I hope you don't work at a DA said so that would be all right
 alcohol is not the solution except of course that it is the solution okay okay something's dissolved
 in something to make it alcohol yeah you could have pure alcohol but it's really hard to get
 out of most about most alcohol is in water so alcoholic drinks are the solution yeah pure alcohol
 is not pure alcohol's poisonous well that's very responsible so you're not advocating pure alcohol
 no I think that's okay so I think if you put water and alcohol together like 40% is about the best
 kind of solution for alcohol and water and the person you found that out was Mendelayev who did
 the periodic table and I think he did it for his dissertation or something like that and he worked
 that out so he was the first person to do it how did Mendelayev work out that 40% was the best he
 was a chemist and he tried lots out and that's yeah so there's no there's notebooks increasingly
 spidery and slurred towards the 55 to 45 that's okay if the joint ages that age used to have been in
 I should have lived in the age where you could just drink loads of alcohol and claim you're a chemist
 and this also reminds you of another brilliant fact that was sent in by email by Lauren I think
 which was that the first ICBMs the ballistic missiles placed by the USSR outside of the USSR
 which were placed in East Germany could never have been used because the soldiers in charge of them
 drank the rocket fuel because it was made of alcohol oh no that's like with the when
 it was they sent up a bit of bark from the tree that Newton was apparently sitting under when he
 had the apple and he realized the idea of gravity they sent that up into space with an apple and the
 idea was that they were going to drop the apple and they were going to drop the bit of bark together
 so that they could experience a lack of gravity so it was a very exciting moment but they forgot
 to tell some of the astronauts why the apple was up there and so they ate it and then they were like
 okay so I'm to do the experiments and they were going what experiment so they ended up doing the
 experiment with a bit of bark and a pair that they had no one likes pairs of the international
 should we move on to another fact? Yes and then you've got one I think. Yes I have this is from Adam
 hey Adam. Okay so I'll pass the mic over and while we're doing that I got a a tweet from someone
 called Olivia Annie at Olivia Annie and she sent me this fact that Bucharest and Budapest are the
 fifth most mixed up places in the world and she didn't say what the first fall were okay. Surely
 Slovenia is the back here. Yeah you're going to see. I don't know what the other was up but so I
 googled it and I found there was sites called Bucharest not Budapest.com which collects all the
 different times when people have mixed it up and Iron Maiden, Moor Chiba, Metallica, and Lenny Kravitz
 have all mistaken Bucharest for Budapest on stage. Cool okay where's the microphone?
 The wages in Chelsea and Fulham are so high that it's the only constituency in the UK where the
 average wage is higher than the wage of their MP. Wow. So their MP is like the working man.
 I know something about I think it's the constituency of Kensington which is nearby it's not not a
 million miles away and it has the highest proportion of miners as in MIN ERS in any constituency
 in the country and it's because it's a lot of people who own mines basically they say occupation
 mining. Okay let's move on let's try to get some more in before we finish so Chris who worries Chris.
 Okay so Apollo 13 nearly ended in disaster before it even got to space because of a malfunction
 that happened but a second malfunction occurred that saved the ship from being destroyed.
 What did it fix the first malfunction? Yeah pretty much. What? That's very rare.
 Good thing we have an asteroid physicist on the panel today. That's why I should have been born
 the age of space. That's incredible. That's amazing so okay so because there's a Apollo 13 my
 favorite movie of all time there it genuinely is. Was it a real thing that happened as well as the
 movie? Yeah yeah yeah yeah. Is it it's not your favorite event of all time is it? It kind of is
 actually no because it's to me Apollo 13 is the greatest story ever told you have a tin heading
 out into deep space. An explosion happens they're told they have something like an hour left of
 oxygen and they're going to die and everyone on the earth and three men and a tin can have to solve
 it and the only way that they can get back home is to go that way towards the moon. It's insane
 that is and they made it home with spoiler alert they made it home alive and that is incredible
 and then obviously there's a big line in the movie where as they're going up there is a malfunction
 and they say there was a glitch what was the line it was something like uh yeah so they say we just
 had our glitch for this mission. We just had our glitch for this mission not knowing that there
 was going to be this explosion. Obviously why would they have known? But so but this is an
 interesting fact as well about about glitches and things going wrong when you go into space.
 There was a book called Moon Dust and in it someone from NASA was saying that on a good successful
 space flight 99.99 percent of things work which means a typical ship is six million parts that means
 on a good flight they expect 6,000 things to break as they're going up. Did you just do that in your
 head right then? No. I was trying to style that out and my mouth didn't let me. 6,000. Yeah that's
 incredible. 6,000 things. Can you imagine any other job on the first time you use something?
 If I had 6,000 things break if I was running it I would take 6,000 very tiny very breakable glass
 plates. I'd smash all of them as we set off and then presumably everything else would work.
 Then then you understand probability at all. Just another fact about things going wrong in space.
 My wife told me this today in fact and that is that the two biggest disasters in
 rockets in Russian history both happened on the 24th of October on different years but they
 happened on the same day and so to this day in all the rocket fields and stuff in Russia they
 always turn all the electricity off and close everything down on that day just so it doesn't happen
 again. Really? Wow. There are lots of Russian cosmonauts and astronaut superstitions so lots of
 things have built up over the gears at the Russian space rocket. So I think on the final drive
 to the what is it the lift off point to the to the rocket ship? To the rocket ship, thank you.
 On the final drive the astronauts will get out they'll stop the car they'll get out and they'll
 have a wee against the right back wheel I think it is of the truck or the car. And that's a good
 guarantee that the first time you're a good guy I did it the first time. What if you get performance
 anxiety and you can't go? I presume that we need a launch. I'm trying! I'm trying!
 F's got Fitzgeralds going what the fuck is that? I mean we like to be!
 Okay should we keep going? Yeah let's see. Well this one is from Sophie S.
 Where are you Sophie S? I'll write in the corners so let's find another fact while we're doing that.
 Okay so here is the fact from @the_imageSmith and that is if you wanted to recreate the entire
 Lego movie with actual Lego you would need 15 million 80,330 Lego pieces.
 I mean yeah but why would you want to do that? We've got the Lego movie and it's the best
 thing it's ever been done. Yeah exactly. Have we got the microphone? So my fact is when a dog enters
 the room it knows what happened two hours before. What are you talking about? Did you learn this
 fact from me because I don't think. So you know what food was on the floor and who was on
 in the room before? Is it through smell or through smell? Oh it's through smell but I can't tell anyone
 that's so nuts. What are you saying buddy? I think he's hungry. Oh no but of course what a curse.
 The idea is that once we got dogs our brain shrunk isn't it? Oh yeah. And that is because when we were
 hunting we needed to be really good at picking up scents and really good at hearing things etc etc.
 And so then we got dogs and domesticated them and then we didn't need to smell those things anymore
 so that smell bit of our brain shrunk and then we didn't need to hear things and so they're hearing
 bit of our brain shrunk and it's been shown that humans that were around before dogs were domesticated
 did have bigger brains. Yeah. Wow that was just a fact. So there is a thing about anteaters which is
 that when anteaters eat ants they don't digest the ants that they eat. The ants digest themselves.
 Because the anteaters they don't have the proper acid in their stomach but ants obviously
 have lots of formic acid inside them so they just digest themselves. Wait so they do that as a kind of
 like Harry carry kind of thing? When they die they be eaten. They start to produce this form of
 acid and that then mulches the whole load of ants down. So anteaters have now again got rid of that
 unnecessary bit of their digestive system which they don't need anymore. That is actually a bit like
 and I actually I think someone also wrote this fact down today that baby pandas can't digest
 eucalyptus can they but it's koala sorry sorry. Baby pandas. Who's fat was that? Come up here quickly
 and say it was a baby koala is kind of just eucalyptus when they're first born so they have to get
 the bacteria from their mother's kind of poo to be able to digest eucalyptus. I don't reckon humans
 would be able to digest stuff without the bacteria in their stomachs and you get the bacteria from
 your mother through their breast milk. So like a baby probably wouldn't be able to digest you know
 Ben and Jerry's ice cream are. Damn it. It's not whether that's the most indigestible thing I could
 think of. Yeah yeah yeah. Do you think what's the thing that's least like baby food in the world?
 Colder milk. You've got to say steak or salmon on crude. We actually put out on Twitter. We said
 you could win two tickets tonight if you come up with the fact which is who was that? Was that you?
 Can you just yell out your fact because it's about Ben and Jerry's isn't it? Ben and Jerry's milk
 comes from massaged cows. What? So and I read into it basically Ben and Jerry's they have a big
 farm and they really look after their cows including before they milk them they're just like how are
 you today sir? Oh man I guess. That's not milk. That's why I was kicked out of the bullwrecks.
 Who's got the microphone? We had another fact coming out then we? Oh no we don't let's
 go. Okay Anna. I think it's another Anna. There's another other at the front. Okay let's find another
 fact from our Twitter list. Okay so I got one here. At Timothy underscore Johnson the motto of the
 Salvation Army is blood and fire. They were very unpopular for a while. People really didn't like
 a Salvation Army. Maybe that was the branding issue. No they were they're a Christian organisation
 and I think it was William Booth who set up the Salvation Army and he was known as the General. He
 was an incredibly organised and strict man and there was another army which was set up in opposition
 to the Salvation Army called I think the Skeleton Army and they made it their business to disrupt
 the Salvation Army in all their good works and they were bastards they were yeah they're really
 unpleasant people and they threw rocks at them and they threw you know burning stuff at the Salvation
 and whenever they turned up trying to help. Yeah wow not not funny but you know but was there also flowers
 and candy? I know what was your fight? Actually Tom says better. Well how one you tell us both and
 we'll decide which is the better fact. Okay so since 1945 our British tanks must come equipped
 with team-making supplies. That's how I imagine you exist in life Andy you you're in a tank
 and there's tea in there. That's that's a bad week milk you tea by the way of its Andy but
 I mean that's an office. This is off this stuff. This is why I say you can't work in a team.
 You're constantly throwing shade on my team. The worst thing is the milk came from Dan.
 So we let's hear the second fact. Okay no also I've read that all that is it JCBs are so popular
 as digging machines because they all have cattle's inside and that was the main feature.
 Wasn't that they dug better? Wasn't they could carry more stuff? They just have a cattle on board
 so you can make a cup of tea. Yeah I see. So what's the rival facts? Yeah. I didn't know it was a rival
 effects. It is how? Okay so Joseph Stalin had some Russian scientists attempt to create an
 ape human hybrid because he thought it would be useful in Russian industry and we'll be able to
 battle with stun pain. And how are you getting on them? Whoa I call a foul. How far down the
 process did he get? I don't know. They enjoyed the dinner but the bedroom was a complete disaster.
 But it was ultimately a failure. No. I mean he had the scientist who was leading the project
 exiled to Kazakhstan for failing. Wow that's tough because he probably didn't want that project
 in the first place. There was a there was a prediction. You know these cool old predictions they have
 of how life is going to be in the 21st century from a hundred years ago and they're always either
 spookly right or ridiculous. And one of them said that we won't have to drive our cars anymore.
 This is from I think the 20s from going off memory. We won't have to drive our cars anymore because
 we will have a race of hyper intelligent monkey butler creatures which will do the driving for us.
 That's the only thing we'll have told them to do. Well this ties in nicely with the twitter
 fact that we got sent by a guy called you and Taylor which is sorry this is Facebook. In 1953
 NASCAR driver Tim Flock raced for eight races with a racist monkey named Jocco Flocko
 as his co-driver. So maybe he was trying to start the revolution there or the evolution I don't know
 whatever. Let's do one more and we should wrap up as well. Why don't you choose Anna?
 Yeah Anna go for it. Yeah sorry I think I forgot about the whole fact choosing thing.
 Okay. It's from Steve. Steve, yeah. What about particle accelerators? Yes. This is the kind of
 crowd in which we could have two Steve's who both brought a fact about that. All right true.
 Okay let's read something out. I've got one. This is from at T.B. UK 2 to back 2.
 It's a twitter name. You may have already done this one. A consultant urologist at Musgrove Park
 Hospital in Taunton, Somerset is named Nicholas Burns Cox. He's my friend's dad. No. Really?
 Hello. Did you send us that fact? No. Oh my god. It's cool. Very cool.
 From Taunton. He's really nice. Wow. My mum's done the Taunton veil. Yeah, it's nice place.
 Can I just say we're focusing on the wrong bit of the fact.
 Talk to his nice, isn't it? Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. Bridgewater said more of that.
 Oh no. Are urologist granddaughter or daughter owns Napoleon's penis now, doesn't she?
 What? I think yes, you're right. Yes, there's been bought and re-bought over the years and
 disappeared and then it was left with a urologist who died and he left it in his wilderness daughter.
 Yeah, there's a lot, so there's a lot of famous historical male penises that have been passed
 down through families, sold in orchid. Just male penises. Yeah, just the male ones.
 An email uterus is there. Napoleon's was described at auction as a mummified
 tendon, which is quite a delicate way of putting it. But it was an inch long. But it was described
 by Scott Fitzgerald. There's a very, very good size. Okay, okay, last fight. Final fact is from Steve.
 So the only man to ever stick his head in the path of particle accelerator, not only lived to
 complete his PhD, but also seems sort of not aged since the accident. What? Wait, was the accident
 this week? It was in 1978. What? Anatoly Bikorski was a researcher at
 something that I can't remember the name of because I'm an abacement and my notes have vanished
 up there with the Wi-Fi. Yeah, I think how we feel. Yeah, basically he was a researcher at an
 institute trying to complete his PhD and it was time to fix the particle accelerator. He stuck his head
 in it. Yeah, and the safety was apparently not working as well as it should have. And all of a sudden
 the particle accelerator fired and a beam passed through his head. And he, according to John
 words, he didn't feel any pain, but he did see a light brighter than a thousand suns. Yeah, wow.
 And the left side of his face is pretty much no wrinkles. Is he begging to shove the other side
 of his head into there? No, he's not. He's actually been interested for Western
 scientists to come over and say, hang out with him and say, "What's going on in my brain?"
 But he kind of thought it. Wow. I think this is crying out for a kickstart. We'll go.
 Spacey, dyno man, and the logician.
 All right, well, let's wrap up the show and visit him. Thank you so much, guys, for coming to
 this experiment tonight. We know it was going to be chaotic, but actually, I'm just putting this
 out there as someone who edits stuff. That's going to edit down really awesomely. It'll be a great
 three minutes look. But thank you so much for coming. I'm going to do the ending of the show. That's
 it. That's all of your facts. If you want to reach any of the people who said their facts during
 the show, you're all probably on Twitter on Facebook. Hunt them down and question their sources.
 We can be got on our regular Twitter handles. I'm on our tribal land, Andy.
 @undruhuntermjames. @hatesate and Anna. You can email podcast@qi.com.
 And we will be back again next week with another episode. Thanks so much. Have a good evening. Goodbye.
 [Applause]
 (audience applauds)
 (audience applauding)
