 [music]
 Hi everybody, welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 My name is Andrew Hunter Murray, I'm here with Dan Shriver and James Harkin and we have gathered to give you your best facts.
 You've been sending them into podcast@ky.com and we're here to tell you all about them.
 And then at the end we're going to do some more fact custodian ships for people who joined Club Fish at the friend of the podcast tier.
 So let's get into it, who's got a fact?
 That was depressingly good Andy.
 Oh yes!
 James has been telling me that I make a hallix of this intro every time and was grinning at me throughout that just waiting for me to do so.
 I was trying to put you off and it didn't work at all.
 No, no, no, no.
 I got a fact, shall I jump into it?
 Dan Connelly sends this. He says a few months after co-starring as Papa in the video for Madonna's Papa Don't Preach,
 Danny ILO who is an actor that you will know from movies such as The Godfather Part 2.
 He's Leon the professional, he's got a very, very familiar face in those movies.
 So he was Papa in Papa Don't Preach.
 So not long after that was released, he released an answer song to it, Papa wants the best for you.
 His own version to reply to Madonna for what she was saying.
 Is he preaching throughout it?
 He's sort of, I watched the video and the song sounds very much like a 1990s or a 1980s sitcom.
 Yeah, like you know, like the intro where it's like everyone's turning their heads and smiling at camera, picture what songs underneath that, it's got that vibe about it.
 But he seems really distraught, he's incredibly specific, but it's honestly the same tone.
 We understand it though.
 Yeah, then it was.
 Yeah, so he did this reply song, you know, and he did occasional songs, he released a few albums, but he wasn't a big singer.
 So Papa Don't Preach is Madonna saying, don't tell me what to do.
 Yeah, I think I think it had something to do with her having a baby and a baby in abortion.
 I think, you know, coded underneath it.
 Okay, but largely that's what it was.
 Yeah.
 As I don't know the song, all I can think of is the Papa and Nicole Adverse.
 That's why it's based on.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Papa Don't Preach, I've got a citron here.
 That's right.
 I'm just going to say to forced all the emails, Renault, not citron.
 Oh, I knew it was that, but I thought no one's going to write it for that, are they?
 James, you don't see the inbox like I see it.
 Yeah, so this comes in a long line of answer songs, as they're known.
 Can I say one?
 F-U-R-B.
 Frankie.
 Frankie, that's the one I know.
 Well, that was the bit, that was massive in the 90s, I think it was, and it was basically a song.
 Would you remember what his name was?
 I can't remember.
 But his song was F-U.
 A-men.
 A-men, that's right.
 And he just says F-U all the way through to this girl and then she says F-U-R-B.
 But she was, she didn't know him in real life.
 Turns out she didn't and that was the big thing because at the time it was sold as if this was the genuine girlfriend and it was a sort of one-off.
 But this goes back so far back. So Walter Riley and Christa Marlow traded answer pieces with each other.
 Christa Marlow.
 Christa Marlow and who is the first one?
 Walter Riley.
 Oh, Walter Riley.
 Oh, Rally.
 Yeah, not Riley.
 Walter Riley is just some guy.
 Walter Rally is sailing to the New World and doing all of that.
 Oh, yeah, no, I'm not talking about him.
 I'm talking about Walter Riley.
 Got it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So it's some amazing pieces back in the 1500s. No, Rally, sorry, who wrote the passionate shepherd to his love.
 And there was a reply which was the nymphs reply to the shepherd.
 So it goes all the way back then.
 It's not necessarily beef. It's just a reply.
 It's a different perspective.
 Lamb, isn't it?
 But yeah, Neil Sedacca wrote a Ocarol and reply to.
 Oh, Carolina by Shaggy.
 I don't even know a second Shaggy song.
 So that's amazing.
 I don't even know any knowledge there.
 Neil Sedacca wrote Ocarol and Carol King wrote O'Neal in reply to that.
 Oh, that's good.
 David Bowie wrote a, wrote a song.
 Oh, no, had an album called Low, L-O-W.
 Yeah.
 And then there was a musician called Something Low, L-O-W-E.
 And he released an album called Bowie Without the E.
 Very nice.
 Very nice.
 I wish I could remember everything about it.
 The first record released by Stiff Label.
 Stiff Label that had madness in and a lot of other people.
 There's a crazy one, which is that John Lennon with the Beatles put out in my life.
 And his dad, who was not a singer, his dad was like a sailor.
 He was out on the season.
 That's why John didn't grow up with him.
 He released a song that same year within the same month called That's My Life.
 And it's been labeled as an answer song.
 But I think it was just jumping off the sort of coincidence of title to make it,
 so that he goes up in the charts with the name Lennon.
 But what's amazing is he recorded it with a 30 piece orchestra
 and two of the members of that orchestra were part of Jimmy Hendrix's experience band.
 So it was Noel Redding and Mitch Mitchell.
 The two people who defined Psychodelia along with Jimmy Hendrix
 worked on a song with John Lennon's dad back in 1965.
 Should we have another fact?
 Yeah, okay.
 Here's one.
 This one, I seem to have become the repository for facts about sporting teams
 with weird, wordy coincidences.
 Look, a sport fact comes into the inbox.
 I think I'm not going near that.
 I know who's the man.
 Yeah, well, fine on Carlson wrote in and said that between 1975 and 1988,
 the football club West Bromwich Albion went through a run of managers whose first names
 went Johnny Ronnie, John Ron, Ronnie, Ron, Johnny, Robbie, Ron and Ron.
 Robbie sticks out of it.
 Robbie sticks out of the mouth.
 Oh, that's so funny.
 So Sveining found this on Twitter from a Twitter account called TouchlineX.
 But yeah, he checked it out and it was Johnny Tiles, Ronnie Allen, John Wilde, Ron Atkinson,
 Ronnie Allen, Ron Wiley, Johnny Tiles, Robbie Styles, Ron Sanders, and Robbie Styles.
 Johnny Tiles.
 Johnny Tiles.
 Tiles then Styles.
 Yeah, Tiles and Styles.
 It's good.
 It's amazing.
 Absolutely amazing.
 Was that a fact from someone called Carlson?
 His surname is Carlson.
 That's probably the best fact about football managers have ever heard.
 Yes, brilliant.
 From Carlsburg.
 That's a reference to Carlsburg.
 Yeah.
 Okay, just for stalling the emails.
 I think it's close enough.
 And at the same time, you sent me a fact from Aller Everback.
 And it is about Bodeglimpt, who won against a Fletico Madrid in the Champions League recently.
 And the goals were scored by Sirloff from Madrid, Siobold, and her.
 And all of those names have got a circle with a line through it.
 You know, like...
 Oh, with a...
 An ear.
 Yeah.
 What a wonderful fact.
 What a wonderful fact, yeah.
 Aller said that it was maybe the greatest win for the letter E through all times.
 His fact from Mike Abedulla.
 Your fact bestowing at the end of Little Fish has probably had the intended effect here
 and prompted me to go and listen to some old episodes.
 Guys, it works.
 Ah, yes, it works.
 Nice, brilliant.
 A friend of mine has worked on maintaining some old software, which uses something called the Pick Operating System.
 This product was named after one of its developers, Mr. Dick Pick.
 Oh, man.
 I've looked this up.
 I can tell you, I got it wrong the first time.
 I did not add Pick Operating System in quotes.
 I was searched.
 Dick Pick.
 And...
 Yeah.
 How was it?
 It was alright.
 I scouted a mile.
 Lost an hour of time, but it was good.
 So, anyway, no, Dick Pick was a real guy who came up with the Pick Operating System.
 That's fantastic.
 I suppose he predated the Dick Pick.
 That's wonderful.
 Yeah.
 That's a real thing.
 It predated the Digital Dick Pick.
 Absolutely.
 Here's the analog.
 Anyway.
 Here's another one.
 This is from Daniel Atkinson.
 It says, "A little fact I discovered researching the 1985 Austrian wine poisonings."
 Oh.
 So, before I get to his fact, we should qualify what that is.
 1985 in Austria, there was an incident where all the wineries were found to be illegally adulterating their wines
 by using an anti-freeze to make sure that it was sweeter, that it had that full-bodied taste,
 like one that was like a late harvest wine.
 And was that illegal?
 Well, because it can make you blind.
 There you go.
 I thought we'd better draw that out.
 You know, anti-freeze sounds good, doesn't it?
 Sounds great.
 You know what, your wine freezing?
 So, Austria, for a while, they were the third largest wine producer in the world.
 Absolutely.
 And this absolutely decimated them because there was seem to be illegal,
 and they had to get rid of all of these bottles of wine.
 So, they ended up draining away 27 million liters of wine.
 So, 36 million bottles.
 It was seven months worth of Austria's total wine exports.
 And they did use it for useful things.
 They started it.
 They started it for the cars, I presume.
 Well, yeah, and that's the thing.
 They were using it for serious treatment plants.
 They were using it on the roads as an anti-freeze.
 I think you're right.
 Yeah.
 It's amazing.
 But the fact that's been sent in by Daniel Atkinson
 is that apparently when the news eventually got out about the poison wine,
 many countries in Europe banned not just wine from Austria,
 but China and Japan accidentally banned all of Australia's wine as well,
 because of the similar names.
 Copy to your careful.
 Yeah, that's very funny.
 Very incredible.
 Okay, here is one from Declan Curry.
 And Declan says,
 "My fact is if you walked around the whole earth on the equator,
 your head would travel roughly 37 feet further than your feet."
 You want a curvature of the earth.
 What?
 Yeah, so that's very dangerous, actually, isn't it?
 Well, ending up with your head that much farther away from your feet.
 There were a few technical issues,
 such as the fact that most of the equator is underwater.
 Sure.
 Yes.
 But yeah, in theory, that's what would happen.
 So what goes further your legs and your feet?
 Your head goes.
 Yes, it's further away from the center of the earth.
 That was a very good note.
 It's amazing.
 Can you think of any ways that you can tell how far away from the equator you are?
 Well, look around you.
 And if you can see a polar ice cap,
 you know you've got a way to go there.
 How do you know you're not in the South Pole?
 Well, I suppose I'd look around for any polar bears.
 And if I can't see any polar bears, then I'm definitely in the South Pole.
 Yeah, I'll have to zoom.
 Exactly.
 You're shorter?
 You're shorter?
 Yes, gravity pulling on you slight bits stronger.
 That'll be it.
 That you're just very slight shorter.
 It'll be very difficult for you to measure, I should think.
 So what am I trying to tell you if I'm at the equator?
 Just far away.
 How can you tell?
 How far away from the equator you are?
 You use Google Maps, wouldn't I?
 I mean, on a practical level.
 Okay, your phone's not working.
 Oh, well, I'm stuffed.
 I'll look around probably for any nearby trees with moss on them.
 Okay.
 And if I, and you know, if I find trees with moss on them, I'm happy wherever I am in the world.
 Okay, trees is a good one.
 Okay.
 So there is one way you could do this.
 This is the cook pine tree.
 And the cook pine tree bends a different amount, depending on how close to the equator you are.
 Admittedly, it doesn't grow in all places on earth, but wherever you are, if you can find a species of this tree,
 the amount that it's leaning will tell you your...
 That's incredible.
 That's really interesting.
 That's really interesting.
 Another way you can do it is you can speak to one of the locals.
 And if their language has more vowels than consonants, they're going to live closer to the equator.
 Okay.
 It's absolutely foolproof.
 And you're saying that's less hard than measuring yourself.
 To like an angstrom of height, right?
 I mean, how much taller are you?
 Oh, I don't know. I was... I thought you had the answers.
 I have the answers to my actual answers.
 But not my ones, I get it now.
 But not your whimsical ones.
 I get it.
 Can I give you another one?
 Yeah.
 This is from Jonno Whitehead.
 I was listening to you and Dan brought up R-A-S syndrome, which stands for redundant acronym syndrome syndrome.
 Oh, yeah.
 Lovely.
 And I thought you'd appreciate this.
 We all know what a cuttlefish is, don't we?
 Cuttlefish?
 Yeah.
 Little sort of squid-y things.
 That oceanic and moloscoy, don't they?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We all know what a cuttlefish is.
 Anyway, the cuttle in cuttlefish comes from the old English kudel, meaning cuttlefish.
 So a cuttlefish is a cuttlefish fish.
 That's good.
 That is good.
 Pleasing, isn't it?
 And I had a little extra look into what cuttlefish comes from.
 The kudel either comes from the middle low German kudel, meaning container.
 All the old Norse codi, which means cushion or testicle.
 Oh.
 All the old English cod.
 Oh, when cod actually comes from the same as testicle actually, like a cuttlefish.
 I read that cod and cod piece were not--
 Oh, sorry, the testicle cod, not the fish cod.
 Yes, you're absolutely right.
 Kudel is where cod piece comes from, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Interesting.
 And why do we think that it's called that?
 Is it like the shell that you would use as a cuttlefish or something?
 Kudel.
 Yeah, I think so.
 I think that's either it or it's like a cushion or it's like a testicle, which would be the old English.
 Is it called some fish where you get cpia from?
 Like, do you have an old photographs?
 I don't know.
 I mean, you put a cuttlefish shell in the base of a parrot's cage for it to have something to chew on.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 That's why they all dream to be when they're older.
 There's a good RIS syndrome one that I remember now, which is DC Comics.
 Oh, is it?
 It's DC Comics.
 Yeah.
 Well, Detective Comics.
 Comics.
 Is that right?
 It's in there.
 And then somehow someone picked me up for this because I got it wrong in my book, which was
 I wrote the HIV virus.
 Of course, the V is virus.
 I think it's fine.
 Yeah.
 I think so too.
 I don't mind you putting virus in there just to make sure everyone knows what you're talking about.
 That's what I said to the brain surgeon and he was not buying it.
 He got his friend the rocket scientist involved.
 That was a fact from Andrew Joseph Perez.
 And they say that the man who was arrested for vandalising Donald Trump's star on the Hollywood
 Walk of Fame in 2016 offered to bail out the man who was arrested for vandalising Donald
 Trump's star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame in 2018.
 Well, that's nice.
 Isn't it?
 That's a club.
 What a family.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's casting it onto the next page.
 Pay it forward.
 Yeah.
 Did they do anything especially in music for the star?
 Not really.
 Yeah, and it wasn't very interesting.
 I've got to say.
 I got facts about the Hollywood Walk of Fame though.
 Yeah.
 So who of these people has the biggest star?
 Oh.
 Angelina Jolie, George Clooney, Leonardo DiCaprio, Ben Affleck, Stanley Kubrick, Brad Pitt,
 Jim Carrey, or Al Pacino?
 Bloody hell.
 Who has the biggest star?
 Yeah.
 Because they're all basically the same size.
 They're all the same size, but there are some differences in some of the stars.
 For instance, the Apollo 11 crew have stars on there.
 But they're in the shape of moons.
 Oh, that's clever.
 Okay.
 Because they're way into the moon.
 Yeah.
 That's pretty good.
 Oh.
 I get it now.
 Yeah.
 So I've been to the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
 I've walked down.
 Same here.
 I was looking for you.
 I was very disappointed.
 I can't.
 Is one of them got a comically big star?
 Jolie, Clooney, DiCaprio, Affleck, Kubrick, Pitt, Carrey, Pacino, Kubrick, because Kubrick
 did 2001 space Odyssey.
 And the moon landing.
 Of course.
 Yeah.
 I'll say Kubrick.
 Dad.
 I'm going to say Jim Carrey.
 And I have no reasoning for it.
 Well, the answer is none of them has a star on the Hollywood Walk of Fame.
 It was a trick.
 Oh, that is a good trick.
 Yeah.
 Great prank.
 Isn't it?
 Isn't it weird?
 Because they're all pretty big names.
 Yes.
 None of them as ever, as far as I can see, say, said why they don't have it.
 But you need to be nominated to start off with, I imagine all these people have been.
 But then you have to pay a sponsorship fee every year.
 And you have to attend the unveiling.
 Oh, yeah.
 So it's a bit of a scam.
 Exactly.
 And they've had a rough few years, all of those Brad Pitt, Jim Carrey.
 They don't really have the dosh, I don't think.
 Oh, yeah.
 But it is what?
 You have to pay.
 Yeah.
 You have to maintain.
 That's nuts.
 Yeah.
 No, thank you.
 Is that why you don't have that?
 That's why Andy's not God is yet.
 No, I have to wait through a dozen emails a day for those guys.
 Please, sir.
 Here's one.
 Okay.
 From Chris Squire's great name.
 We talked about the Chicago River.
 Do you remember?
 Yeah.
 With John Lloyd.
 We did.
 And it's, you know, it used to be very, very filthy.
 There is someone follows me on Instagram called The Real Dave Matthews.
 Of Dave Matthew's band.
 I don't know if it's him or not.
 Has he got a little tick?
 Sounds like him.
 I can't.
 I didn't check.
 But I just got a follow from someone called The Real Dave Matthews.
 That was very excited.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Because regular listeners will know that we talked about the Dave Matthews band whose bus went
 over the bridge of the Chicago River dump tech instruments on the tourist boat.
 Hello.
 Not on purpose.
 As far as we know.
 Yeah.
 Well, so you two have an interacted.
 You're just.
 I saw that he's a fella.
 Right.
 I don't follow him.
 I can't see his, um, or hers.
 I don't know.
 It could be a female Dave Matthews, but I can't see their Instagram stuff because I'm not following
 them.
 I see.
 Right.
 Sounds like Dave Matthews to me.
 Sounds like The Real One.
 Well, yeah.
 I mean, on the cursory examination, it sounds like The Real Dave Matthews.
 Yeah, but it's so easy.
 You'd like to just make a fake The Real Dave Matthews.
 On the internet.
 No one knows if your Dave Matthews are not.
 Chris writes, you missed the most interesting fact about the Chicago River.
 What a challenge.
 And I thought we can't have done it.
 I think we did.
 Really.
 Yeah.
 In 1900, it changed direction.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 This is so wild.
 I just didn't know it at all.
 It used to be really horrible, right?
 And it used to empty into Lake Michigan.
 Yeah.
 Which is where the principal water source for the city of Chicago.
 Yeah.
 So if you're taking water from the lake and it's taking water from the river and there's all
 sorts of horrible gunk in the river, you've got problems.
 They see you've got cholera, which happened plenty.
 And in 1871, they were trying to stabilize the local canal.
 They pumped some water in.
 It temporarily reversed the flow of the Chicago River.
 And they thought, hang on, this is an idea.
 And so they created a canal to imitate a downhill direction for the river.
 Moved millions and millions of cubic yards of earth.
 And these days, it runs out of Lake Michigan.
 And down eventually into the Gulf of Mexico, fire another river.
 Is that right?
 It's not stunning.
 That's very cool.
 They just reversed it.
 They raised Chicago around that time, didn't they?
 Remember, the entire city was raised by like a meter outside.
 Really?
 What?
 I think that's right.
 I think, yeah, it's ringing a bell.
 I wonder if this was part of the same thing.
 What, why do they?
 Well, I think the problem is I can't really remember.
 But I'm sure they did it.
 Well, it's my fun.
 Let me just quickly check it.
 You see, talk amongst yourselves for a minute.
 Don't you watched anything good lately?
 I started watching White Lotus.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's good.
 It's okay.
 Yeah.
 They're a little bit me, don't they?
 I'm only an episode in.
 Oh, well.
 Okay, enough of this red hot banter.
 During the 1850s, the 1860s, engineers carried out a piecemail raising of central Chicago to live the city off its low-lying swampy ground.
 God Lord.
 And so they raised a lot of buildings just so that they would get out of the marshes, but it's not related to the thing that you said.
 But very interesting and also confusing because, you know, if you raise a bit, raise a city to the ground.
 Oh, no, that's the opposite of what we want to do.
 Very good.
 Right.
 That's for the moment.
 Enough of your brilliant facts.
 If you'd like to send in more, just email what you've got to podcast at qi.com.
 We love receiving them.
 But now it's time to dish out some of our headline facts from over the years.
 If you go to patreon.com/clubfish, you can join clubfish where you can have and free episodes of this podcast.
 You can have bonus stuff, our fortnightly drop us a line audience feedback show.
 And if you join at the top tier, we will bestow on you in perpetuity, one of our headline facts.
 You will become custodian on one of these facts.
 And we send you even a gorgeous certificate proving your ownership to any doubters.
 It's really fun.
 Check it out patreon.com/clubfish.
 Let's dish out some of the facts now.
 Who should we start with?
 Okay, I'll do one.
 This fact is now under the custodian ship of Mary Sandelands.
 And Mary, your fact is that after returning from the moon landing, Buzz Aldrin worked at
 a car dealership where he failed to sell a single car.
 I love this.
 I also understand it.
 If you go, you're trying to buy a car and someone keeps saying I was on the moon, you know.
 I'm not interested.
 I want to know about the.
 Do you have a conditioning?
 Oh, I bet he would.
 Do you think he strikes me as a very uncompromising guy?
 Also, I'd be terrified to buy a car from Buzz Aldrin.
 Oh, okay.
 Oh, scary.
 He's very scary.
 He is pretty scary.
 Yeah.
 I can imagine just him being quite brisk in a sale situation.
 Well, I think that he's about to close a sale and then Neil Armstrong gets in there first.
 Yeah.
 Oh, finally he was at the dealership across the road.
 That would be amazing.
 Cash Phil's ringing.
 Yeah.
 Michael Collins just knew the test drive.
 Lovely.
 Yeah.
 I've got a, he's written a couple of autobiographies, Buzz Aldrin, because he really, he really struggled
 when he came back from the moon.
 There's one.
 Alcohol.
 There was divorces, all that sort of stuff.
 Check out this.
 This is the blurb at the back of his autobiography.
 On the 20th of July 1969, Apollo 11 made its historic first landing on the moon.
 Two years later, astronaut Buzz Aldrin was hospitalized for psychiatric treatment.
 Wow.
 Because of what he saw up there.
 Yes.
 He was sent to the loonie bin, like loonie.
 Loonie bin.
 Absolutely.
 An old fashioned phrase.
 But when I think we're, we're bringing back.
 It works as a pun.
 It's not offensive.
 I've got it.
 But it was like, I think it came from the moon like, because people thought that you weren't
 crazy when you saw the moon as in lunatic.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 No harm.
 No foul.
 I just like to apologize.
 The next full moon, your, your place is going to be full of complaints in person.
 Shall I do one now?
 Yeah.
 This one goes out to Wayne.
 Wayne, your fact is now that in the middle ages, the Catholic sect, the Cathars, was said
 to get their name from the fact they liked to kiss a cat's ass.
 This is the Cathars.
 I think this was your fact, James.
 Yeah.
 It sounds like me.
 They were heretics.
 And I do like a sect.
 Yeah.
 Do you?
 Unnatural sect.
 I have sects appeal.
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 No harm.
 No foul.
 Andy's lost an hour to dig pigs and you've got sex.
 No.
 Yeah.
 It was, it was what middle ages and they used to make up stories of what they did.
 Yes.
 And they said that they would kiss a cat's bum.
 And also Satan supposedly sometimes came as a cat.
 Right.
 And so it was like kissing Satan's bum.
 Oh, yes.
 Rick Bale had a cat called Satan.
 Did he?
 Did he?
 Yeah.
 The cat sat on the mat.
 Satan the mat.
 Yeah.
 Sat, sat, sat.
 You pushed it too far.
 No, I think it's all good.
 I think.
 I really like it.
 Yeah.
 Off the back of Looney bin as well.
 Come on.
 This is a man watching the last part of work.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Let's do another one.
 This goes out to Brad Downing.
 And your fact is the British pop charts have had three top 50 songs.
 Song exclusively in Latin.
 Wow.
 I can't remember.
 Gaudet Amos.
 Yeah.
 Three times over.
 I can't think of any Latin.
 Like maybe like a Pierre Yezu kind of thing.
 Yeah.
 I think there'll probably have been choral works.
 Maybe it was a big Christmas, for example.
 I feel like there was, I feel like Lil Wayne did a song last year.
 Maybe it was, as in it had it in the background that he wrapped over it.
 Oh, that would count.
 Unless he's wrapping in Latin.
 I don't know if it's good language to wrap in.
 Like French, because there's so many similar rhymes at the end of words.
 French is terrific for rap.
 Which is why all the great rappers are French.
 There are some good French rappers.
 But I think like Latin does have endings, doesn't it?
 Your verb endings.
 Any verb.
 If you end eight cents at sin of verb.
 Absolutely.
 And they might rhyme.
 Yeah.
 Well, there's clearly a thirst for it.
 So maybe that can be the fish single.
 My Latin is very weak.
 And the ears is not bad, is it?
 Yeah.
 I'm not conversational, I'd say.
 But I could get by.
 I could get by an ancient Rome, no problem.
 Okay.
 Here is another one.
 This fact is that the way to recognise the butter is to look out for webbed feet.
 A tongue which can reach his ears and withdrawn genitalia.
 And lucky you, Ethan Walker.
 This is now your fact.
 You know what, there's some things that you remember from these shows.
 And I remember listening to the edits of this show.
 Okay.
 And I remember where I was out skiing.
 And I was, for some reason I had to listen to an edit that day.
 And I was on holiday.
 And so I was on the ski slopes.
 And I remember listening to this specific moment.
 Wow.
 It's a lovely situational memory you've got there.
 Yeah.
 I don't even remember which country it was.
 Yeah.
 But it would have been so cold you probably also would have heard of it when I told you at the time.
 I've seen the butter's tooth in a temple.
 And candy.
 Sri Lanka.
 It's in candy where you would lose a tooth if you were very, very, very nice.
 So where's candy?
 It's in Sri Lanka.
 I was thinking of the joke so I missed the second bit of that.
 It doesn't matter.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 And it's presumably not his tooth, but claimed to be a relic.
 Well, I've seen his tooth in, I think, Singapore or somewhere else.
 32 of the things.
 I mean, I had a baby teeth.
 64?
 Come on.
 I'm amazed we haven't got one in this room with us now.
 Anyway, yes.
 Buddha.
 Good.
 Good to know.
 Keep alert.
 And this one goes out to Holly Flanagan.
 Holly.
 This fact is that the woopy cushion was invented by a Roman emperor called Bayceanus.
 Also known as Bayceanus.
 Also known as Elegabolus down.
 This is one of, I'd say this is the fact I've had most of me over the years.
 Yeah.
 What is your go-to?
 You'd love it.
 But because it was one that I'm pretty sure I found my, you know, sometimes we find facts that are run by others.
 I was reading an entry on Elegabolus on Wikipedia and I saw that his birth name was Bayceanus.
 Of course, Bayceanus.
 I just couldn't believe that this guy attributed it with it.
 And I remember running into you, James.
 We ran the common garden offices and going, can I, can I say Bayceanus?
 What do you think?
 Can you be like, yeah?
 Well, was this the first time we ever deliberately mispronounced something for comic effects?
 I think this is Patience set up for that.
 I could be.
 Really?
 All right.
 This one's from Michael Reeve folks.
 And your fact is now the oldest known purse is decorated with dogs teeth.
 Oh, yeah.
 How many teeth do they have?
 And dogs.
 Yeah.
 Buckets.
 Loads.
 Great.
 Okay, nice.
 All of the decay lines.
 Okay, nice.
 There's the joke.
 I do feel a very nice satisfaction.
 Sometimes I feel like we might just make the same joke again that we made last time.
 Yeah.
 10 years ago.
 But I feel like sometimes we'll find our way to a new joke.
 And I think James will have just done that there.
 That's lovely to hear.
 It's really nice.
 It's like getting a second chance to live our entire life.
 Yeah.
 And he does it if he goes to a comedy show.
 He sits on the front row and someone does a joke and he goes, "It's actually really nice to hear a joke like that on a day like today."
 Probably the structure of the joke is not something I've really heard before.
 I'm sorry for being an enthusiast.
 I'm trying to boost you guys up here.
 You could have just lulled.
 I never lull.
 I won't do it.
 You go straight to ruffle.
 I do.
 Okay.
 That fact was for Michael Reeve folks.
 This next fact now belongs to Amy Reeve folks.
 No.
 No.
 I assume some relation.
 We don't know.
 It could be coincidence.
 Yeah.
 We've had some joint correspondence from Michael and Amy.
 Well, I would like to know because who's got the best fact.
 So Michael, your fact is about the oldest known person being decorated with dog's teeth.
 And Amy Reeve folks, your fact is that according to a 2011 study,
 27% of Britons neither love nor hate Marmite.
 Great.
 That's good.
 Great fact.
 I don't know which is my favourite though.
 It's above classic.
 Oh, that is good.
 Yeah.
 I think Marmite.
 I can count on Marmite more often than I can count on dog's teeth.
 I very rarely have dog's teeth on toaster for morning.
 Let's have one last fact.
 And this one goes out to John Gallagher.
 And it's that.
 The nights of the round table included.
 That's a lot.
 Gallahad, Gawain and Gareth.
 So Gareth.
 Gareth.
 Bold.
 So Gareth.
 Again, I was reading a book of the nights of the round table and when I saw that name, I was like, that was Gareth.
 Yeah.
 Who's this guy that no one ever talks about?
 Do you remember anything he got up to?
 I don't actually know.
 Twelve years go by.
 Apparently, so Gareth has nothing to do anymore.
 I'm a bit blank on this entire episode, I think.
 I've just found, I've looked at an archive.
 He was a King Arthur's nephew.
 And he was maybe on one of...
 Oh no, he was on the main table, but there were lesser tables.
 Much like a wedding.
 That's what I was going to say.
 That's why in the memory is that there were other round tables.
 And they were going to get, you got to get to the one with Lancelot.
 That's really funny.
 Well done on the one with Gareth.
 All right.
 Well, look, that's enough of our effects.
 Thank you so much to all of our new custodians of facts.
 Just to remind you, that's John Amy, Michael brackets.
 No relation.
 Holly, Ethan, Brad, Wayne and Mary.
 Thank you so much to all of you.
 Thank you to all of you for listening.
 If you'd like to submit a fact to us, it's podcast@cy.com.
 That's our email address.
 And if you'd like to join Clubfish to get
 at free episodes, bonus content, and so much more.
 Go to patreon.com/clubfish.
 Thanks again for listening.
 And we'll be back next week with another one of these.
 And in a few days with the main episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 And potentially in a couple of days with the drop us a line.
 All right.
 Bye for now.
 Bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 You let yourself down there.
 I'm--
 Yeah, I really did.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
