 Hi everybody, just before we start the show, we want to say a big hi to
 new listeners coming to us from BBC Sounds, where the podcast now exists.
 Welcome to the fold. We are no such thing as a fish. I'm Anna. I'm here with Dan. Hi Dan. Hello.
 What do we do? Yeah, yeah, so there's four of us. We are QI Elbs.
 We are the people who are involved in the TV series QI. And if you enjoy that, if you enjoy all the weird facts,
 this is a real kind of concentrated distilled version of it where we just sit around and share the best, most wonderful,
 most odd things that we've discovered over the last seven days.
 Yes, and also if you enjoy the occasional incredibly immature sense of humour on QI,
 then you'll get that by the bucket load here. And with a little bit of a warning that there's the occasional bit of adult content.
 So there is swearing, there's the odd adult theme, a little bit of animal sex sometimes makes it in, sometimes a little bit of human
 sex facts make it in, but it's all for the purpose of learning weird, interesting, amazing facts.
 And you'll notice we've got 10 episodes up there right now on BBC Sounds and from now on every episode will be published there.
 That's right. Now we also just want to quickly address the members, the existing listeners of our show and particularly the members of Club Fish.
 We know that many of you might have joined Club Fish because you get an ad free version of our show.
 Well, if you head over to BBC Sounds, you are going to get the ad free version of the show.
 But I wouldn't leave Club Fish. You know what's there?
 The amazing discord, the behind the scenes bonus content like the compilations and drop us a line.
 You want to miss out on Andy saying bye at random moments?
 No, you don't. Absolutely not.
 So if you do want to go in just for the ad free stuff, absolutely head over to BBC Sounds.
 Otherwise, stay with us in Club Fish and enjoy all the background content.
 So huge, huge welcome to the BBC Sounds listeners.
 Thanks for joining us.
 And this is a weekly show and we're going to keep going for the next 400 years.
 So enjoy and on with the show on with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Hoburn.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Anna Tyshinski and Alex Bell.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is the artist Goya, who was famously a deaf man, lived in a house called the House of the Deaf Man.
 It was actually named after a different deaf man who lived in that house.
 So first of all, what is Goya's full name?
 Because I think you were practicing.
 Oh, I thought you were calling back something that had happened before.
 I was. Yeah, and his full name was Francisco Jose de Goya and Lucien Teff.
 Lovely. Nice. That is a lot less Spanish than I went in the pre-show channel.
 And he is a very famous artist.
 He was around in the early 19th century and he's kind of the link between the old masters like Rembrandt and whoever
 and the modern artists because he was doing lots of satires and lots of incredible stuff.
 He is an absolutely incredible artist.
 He's probably my favorite artist.
 Yeah, I think so. I can actually see why I can connect those two things.
 Oh, yeah. Yeah, we'll get into it. Some of his dark, disturbed, latter paintings.
 But can you please tell us about this?
 OK, I want to know, did this deaf man name the house after himself, the deaf man?
 No, it was named by locals as that because this deaf man had lived there
 and then later Goya moved in there.
 And did he move in there because he was only looking for houses called House for a Deaf Man?
 Yeah, he actually googled House for a Deaf Man and this is what came up.
 But there was nothing special about the house that made it like accessible for deaf people.
 No, it was a really nice house and he was a former court artist.
 So he had money and had a pension from the monarchy and stuff like that.
 It was also sort of a way from the politics.
 He sort of wanted a place to retreat and sort of get away because he was heavily involved.
 His art would often either do satire or make political statements.
 Yeah, exactly. He thought if he hangs around where the Spanish Inquisition are,
 then there's a decent chance he might get, you know, so he wanted to get away.
 But one interesting thing about this building is his most famous work for people at home,
 perhaps, is called Saturn Devouring His Son.
 You might know it.
 It's like a real devilish face and he seems to be biting the head off.
 What could be a chicken or could be his son or something like that?
 It's a really sort of dark painting.
 It's harrowing. It's like really quite scary.
 Yeah, if you Google it, you'll probably recognize it from memes and stuff.
 But that was.
 But it was on his wall in this house and actually he painted a load of these
 kind of satirical paintings on the wall of his house.
 And actually they ended up being chipped off because he didn't intend to sell them
 or anything. They were just murals in his house.
 They're known as the black paintings now. Precisely.
 He have a whole his whole first period of his life was much more involved in politics,
 like you say, painting on commission for royal courts.
 And there was an awful lot more like of a positive vibe to his painting.
 And then he got really sick and he went deaf as a result of one of his illnesses.
 And then he became very like depressed and obsessed with illness
 and obsessed with like death and kind of neurotic.
 And these paintings, we think, reflect this dark state that he was in.
 Yeah, they're all really weird and mysterious as well.
 We don't actually know that the painting is called Saturn devouring itself.
 We don't know anything about. We don't think about them.
 Yeah, because like you say, they were all painted on the walls.
 And then the wallpaper had to kind of be chipped away from the wall
 and then put onto canvas.
 But like a lot of art historians think that like they had to be very
 significantly altered when that happened.
 Yeah, definitely restoration.
 Yeah, you can spot little bits of it that really they think again,
 it's almost theory. Is that damage or is that what he intended?
 There's one called the dog.
 It's basically a landscape where you see a dog's head sticking up
 at the bottom of the painting.
 And, you know, is he coming over a sort of horizon?
 Is he coming over a bump in a hill? Is he drowning in quicksand?
 A lot of people say he's drowning.
 I looked at him and thought, oh, it's like it's like kind of begging.
 Like you get a dog at a table begging,
 but a lot of people have attempted drowning.
 Yeah, but we have no idea, right? He's never intended anyone to see these.
 These were private kind of things that he did on his wall at home.
 You know, if a kid drills in the wall, they get in trouble, don't they?
 And yeah, kind of example is that setting.
 You've got to own your own house in order to then make those decisions, right?
 That's got to imagine if he was renting how pissed off they were.
 You'll not get your deposit back.
 Yeah, so he gave it he gave the house to his grandson
 and then his grandson sold it to, I don't know, a baron.
 And and then that's the guy who went, let's let's take this off,
 put this on canvas, donate it to the museums.
 The dog in particular in the museum where it is,
 the curator of that museum says that there's not a single contemporary painter
 in the world who does not pray in front of the dog.
 It's that important. Oh, yeah.
 I've got to say, the dog doesn't impress me as the guy.
 I like I think some of the others are better.
 Really is a big dog doesn't put anything out.
 It's like, it's a massive portrait shaped vertical painting.
 The dog's right in the bottom and most of it's just brown.
 Like 95 percent of it is just brown.
 Once you learn about Maljevic, by the way, who's painting is just black.
 It's like literally just a black square.
 Right. Yeah, if you don't like something that's 90 percent brown,
 you're not going to like that.
 I think the only reason people like the dogs
 is because you've filed through these like witches and decapitated,
 bloodied people tear each other to shreds and then you've got a little black dog.
 People love animals.
 Yeah, people love animals.
 He knew the tick tock generation was coming up.
 He knew memes were on the way.
 He's so clever. It's actually doge, isn't it?
 So there's so much written about his art
 and the interpretations of it, but what do we know about Goya the man?
 Here's a few things that we know.
 Are you presenting a documentary?
 I thought you were on the South Bank show for a second.
 It really felt like I was Melvin Bragg all of a sudden.
 The smell of orange. Love the smell of orange.
 Oh, yeah. Yeah.
 The smell of a girl's armpit loved it as long as it had an orange.
 You get this like a dating profile, right?
 Well, this is the whiff of tobacco, the aftertaste of wine
 and the twanging rhythms of a street dance.
 This is all according to a biography that was written about him.
 Is it according to him himself?
 Because it feels like, OK, he wrote this down somewhere.
 It wasn't someone going, he seems like the kind of guy
 who loves sniffing girls armpits.
 Let's put that in. Yeah, I love the smell of an orange.
 Like, who doesn't like orange is generally pleasant.
 Why would you like note that down?
 Well, maybe he chucked the orange thing in there
 to make up for the weirdness of the girls armpits so that there was.
 Yeah, I'm not totally crazy.
 I like normal things, too.
 He was the first major artist to paint a woman entirely nude
 in a profane style, as in the this was the one
 that he got summoned by the inquisition.
 Yeah, so profane means not religious.
 And this was the naked maca.
 Yes, it was deemed, I think, indecent
 and prejudicial to the common good.
 So, yeah, and I didn't know what a maca was,
 but machos and machas were according to the New Yorker.
 This is how New Yorker described them flamboyantly cheeky, lower class dandies.
 And that's what I've got on my dating profile.
 Lower class, please, the other way you talk, Alex.
 But yeah, I got summoned by the inquisition
 and I just find his tangles with the inquisition quite bizarre.
 Yeah, so weird.
 Well, who knew the inquisition was still bloody
 happening the start of the 19th century?
 Are they lasted for ages, didn't they?
 It lasted ridiculously long.
 It's practically going since late medieval times.
 And still they're struggling on clinging on.
 I think they were quite toothless by then.
 Python sketch was topical.
 Yeah, but he did.
 He got away with it with the naked painting.
 I believe by saying, well, if you think this was gross,
 then you're condemning your former king because he said
 he was emulating a Velasquez painting
 and that Philip the Fourth of Spain had loved.
 So he was going, well, your king loved this, basically, your dead king.
 So what are you going to do?
 Well, the interesting thing I think about the naked
 maha is that he gave it or sold it, I should say, to Godoy,
 who was the prime minister of Spain at the time.
 And the story goes that we know that Goya made two versions,
 the naked maha and the not-naked maha, the clothed maha,
 you might call it.
 And the prime minister supposedly kept the clothed one on display.
 And whenever his friends would come round after a few whiskeys,
 he would say, look at this, and he would pull like a secret lever
 and the wall would spin round and the naked one would come out.
 That's like one of those pens where you turn it upside down.
 It's actually so tacky.
 Well, that's the story, and that's supposedly what happened.
 But for sure, the reason that he got brought in front of the Inquisition,
 Goya is because Godoy was actually really controversial,
 because he was the prime minister.
 And this was one of the really controversial things that he did,
 having this terrible painting.
 And it was Goya kind of got pulled into the Inquisition
 because they were going after Godoy.
 Really? That's amazing.
 It's a painting that has caused controversy for not just his period,
 but well long after his death.
 The 155 years well long. Well long, man.
 Bare long. He used to say people used to go to Godoy's house and go,
 that is a bad good painting. Do you think this is bad good?
 So many, many years later, it's issued in Spain as a stamp.
 And this is suddenly the first stamp where there's a naked woman on a stamp.
 And in American, this is 1959, they banned it.
 So any letters that came into America, they said, we will not forward them on.
 There are a few cases where at the post office, they would actually just,
 you know, they'd scrawled up the stamp, scrawled it over and stuff like that
 and then send it on. But it was a huge, huge problem.
 That's amazing. Yeah, the letters returned because of, yeah.
 It's a time magazine wrote, an indecent picture is bad enough,
 but a postage stamp whose backside must be licked.
 Millions of millions of innocent children collect stamps.
 And so, yeah, and there were certain places that kind of allowed it.
 But eventually they did ban it entirely.
 It didn't have a picture of her bum on the back that you could lick, did it?
 No.
 So we don't know who the woman is in that painting,
 but there's a pretty good chance that it's at least partly based on the duchess
 of Alba, who was supposedly Gaius Mistras.
 They were definitely very good friends.
 We're not sure if they were.
 But they were definitely good mates.
 That sounded like an event.
 They looked after a small bird together.
 That sounded like an actual censor on our show that you said a swear word.
 And it's now been whistled over.
 I thought now that we're possibly going on BBC Sounds, that I should not be saying fucking.
 Yeah, true.
 Anyway, the duchess of Alba's full name, actually,
 was Donia Maria Dalpila Tareza, Caetana de Silva, Alvarez de Toledo
 and Silva Bazan, Decimo Tercera Duchesa de Alba de Tomes,
 Decimo Premiera Duchesa de Hosca, Sexta Duchesa de Montero,
 Octava Candesa Duchesa de Alvarez, Decimo Premiera Marquiza del Capio,
 Decimo Tercera Marquiza de Coria, Noneba Novena, I won't do them all.
 It's 754 letters in total.
 Her full name was.
 Either we have to say this fact or we have to say all the other factors.
 So, yeah, and her descendant, who died in 2014,
 who was actually a quite famous duchess of Alba, the one who was in the painting
 was a 13th and the one who died in 2014 was in the Guinness World Records
 as the aristocrat with most titles.
 She was a bit of an eccentric.
 Yeah, and the duchess of Alba, who's in the painting.
 There's interesting thing about her is she was one of the most powerful people
 because she was also supposedly the mistress of Godoy, the prime minister.
 But she had a bit of a beef with Maria Louisa,
 who was the queen consort who was married to Charles IV.
 These were the two most powerful women
 and they really, really hated each other.
 And one day the queen consort was going to go to a party
 and the duchess of Alba found out what she was going to wear
 and got all of her maids to wear exactly the same clothes as the Countess
 and go to the party.
 So suddenly there were like 20 women all wearing exactly the same clothes.
 That could be seen as flattery.
 It wasn't. It was seen as famously women.
 Hey, that it was seen as a massive, massive slap.
 Do they women you say they don't like that?
 It was seen as a massive, massive slam, so much so that we think
 that the queen consort had the duchess of Alba murdered for that.
 Oh, wow. Wow.
 For getting her maids to wear the same clothes.
 That is a magical joke on wrong.
 Yeah. So I'm now terrified because sometimes me and Anne come
 into the office wearing the same jumper with a cuddly animal featured on the front.
 Yeah. Do you think she's plotting my demise?
 I feel like she might be.
 Actually, they exhumed her body in 1945.
 They think she probably died.
 Yeah.
 She probably died of meningitis, we think, after being murdered.
 But that was the story for hundreds of years.
 That's what happened. That's amazing.
 The number of paintings by Goya is going down and down by the day.
 Right. It's a real.
 I'd be more surprised if it was going up.
 I suppose sometimes you find paint.
 No, that is true.
 You do just got the lost paintings.
 You might have had another like a shed or something
 that he painted all over that we haven't discovered yet.
 Absolutely.
 You might have had a second home that he rented out as an Airbnb,
 but then it turns out that it had paintings on it.
 Yeah. But none of these things are true.
 That's what we're saying.
 Well, I think what we're saying is we don't know.
 We just don't know.
 If you're staying in an Airbnb with disturbing paintings on the wall,
 get in touch. That's about every Airbnb.
 We haven't stayed in like a tastefully decorated Airbnb.
 You need to up your budget very slightly at least.
 It's a lower class Gabby.
 So this is because basically lots of paintings
 that we thought were by him turn out not to be by him.
 Oh, really?
 And when, you know, modern analysis is done,
 it looks very closely at brushstrokes
 and the type of materials that we used
 and they make certain deductions.
 I'm always skeptical, you know.
 So there's actually one of his most famous paintings, Colossus.
 They now think was not painted by him.
 And there's one expert called Manuela Mena.
 And she says that the brushstrokes are inferior
 to what he would have done.
 You can tell that the confidence with which they were made
 is not an expert.
 And you think he could just be having a bad day?
 Can I just say, if people in the like 200 years,
 they listened to episode 183 of the podcast,
 they weren't very funny in that one.
 So I don't think it was them.
 That's that AI thing jumping over their voices.
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that before governments
 experienced cyber attacks,
 they had to deal with fax attacks.
 Oh, what a great name.
 Alternative podcast.
 Fax attack.
 Fax attack.
 Oh, yeah, that's true, yeah.
 So this is a thing that's called a black fax.
 And people would do this as pranks,
 but they would do it to companies that they hated.
 They would do it to governments
 where they would basically send over black paper from their side.
 And often they would do, they would loop it around.
 So their fax machine was just sort of eternally
 sending a fully black page.
 Like a conveyor belt.
 Like a conveyor belt, exactly.
 And so the people receiving it,
 if they were not near their fax machine,
 suddenly they would be using all the ink up
 or they might even heat the machine up so much
 because so much of it was processing the load ages.
 It would overload and it would sort of just.
 I suppose also means you can't use the fax
 while that's happening. Exactly.
 We should say, because people will write in,
 probably not ink so much as thermal paper.
 Yes, sorry, yes.
 But I love already the people who would have written in
 to complain about that.
 I'm sorry we corrected ourselves
 because I want to know you better.
 Send your faxes to podcast@qi.com.
 So yeah, it's a method that was done
 and it was done, you know, before cybercrime.
 If we're being sort of talking about it loosely
 because there are always examples of like the 1700s,
 a version of cyber attack.
 Yeah, they say the first one was like 1834,
 it was supposed to be the first cyber crime.
 What was that then?
 Well, it was in France
 and it was obviously before the internet was invented
 and it was a way of, sorry.
 Because these days, they might not know.
 In those days, financial market data was,
 like trading was happening,
 but it was sort of done via like letter.
 So if you were in a different town,
 like the information would travel quite slowly
 and people were always trying to find a way
 to beat that information
 and people tried like carrier pigeons
 and all sorts of stuff like this.
 But one way it wasn't communicated
 was the telegraph system,
 which was used for other things.
 But these two brothers, the Blanc brothers,
 they set up a ruse with some of the telegraph
 operators where they smuggled
 little information indicators in other messages.
 But the way the hack worked was that
 the information would be like a single character,
 like I suppose U for up or D for down
 or something like that
 to indicate something to do with the stock market.
 But then if you followed that
 with a backspace character,
 it meant that it wouldn't get written down
 'cause it would be regarded as a mistake.
 But the telegraph operator would see it all.
 So if they were in on it,
 they could write down and be like,
 "Yeah, it's sent over as a mistake,
 we're not writing it down,
 but this is the information."
 And the idea being that you know
 if the price of gold has gone down
 you could sell it for anyone else.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, yeah.
 - That's clever.
 Do you think, obviously,
 who was the modern artist we mentioned earlier?
 Was it Roscoe who did all the black paintings?
 - Oh, Maljevic.
 - There's Maljevic.
 All good when he tries to fax the photos
 of his new artworks crew.
 I keep trying to send it to you.
 What?
 Stop pranking us.
 - It's twice worth so much,
 it's just the ink.
 - No, it's not black.
 It's the Duchess of Alba's name
 in very small fonts.
 (all laughing)
 - Do you know who, as of 2017,
 so I don't know if it's changed,
 but the last report that I saw, 2017,
 was the biggest purchasers of fax machines in the UK.
 - NHS.
 - NHS.
 - It's the NHS.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah, so interesting.
 - They've really phased it out since then.
 I think, haven't they?
 There was a big scandal a couple of years ago.
 - Yeah, it was controversial, I remember.
 - They were like, "We've got to stop."
 - Yeah.
 (all laughing)
 - Yeah, and pages as well, wasn't it?
 - Yeah.
 - I think they decided they wanted to get rid of them all.
 - Also, the NHS still have a big dictaphone tradition,
 where a lot of the older doctors still,
 instead of--
 - Why don't they just use their fingers?
 (all laughing)
 - That's one of my favorite jokes.
 - It's really a joke, it's a great joke.
 It's great.
 - Sorry, as you were saying.
 - No, just that loads of doctors still
 will be able to log in to the usual NHS account,
 and when you go to the doctor,
 they'll make your medical notes
 and just put them into the system.
 A lot of older doctors still prefer to use dictaphones,
 i.e. manual dictaphones with actual tape cassette tapes
 inside, dictate the notes,
 and then they're sent away
 to a third-party transcription service,
 and then the notes are sent back,
 and then the doctors then check them,
 like the written notes,
 and then they're inputted to the system
 by someone else,
 and it's an insanely inefficient system.
 - You've got to feel bad about that,
 surely, doctors. - Yeah, it's ridiculous.
 - Miley Cyrus uses fax machines.
 - Okay.
 - Is this-- - What for?
 - For communicating?
 - Everything, really.
 - No, only with one person.
 She uses them to communicate with her godmother,
 Dolly Parton, because Dolly Parton
 actually does use them for everything.
 - Why?
 - She refuses to use text messaging,
 and instead uses a fax machine for everything.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 - You really buried the lead there,
 but you were trying to get the kids in by saying,
 "Miley Cyrus uses sometimes his fax machine
 "for Dolly Parton, that's amazing."
 - Yeah, Dolly said,
 "I don't want to talk to everyone
 "that wants to talk to me.
 "I don't text 'cause I don't want to have to answer."
 So she thinks if people text her,
 she'd have to reply all the time,
 but with a fax machine,
 she can just, like, get the messages and then--
 - Yeah, it's very indirect.
 You can't do the three dots thing,
 or you don't get seen on a fax.
 - Yeah, but then it's still indirect this way,
 because Miley Cyrus says that she doesn't really fax.
 She has a phone.
 What happens is Dolly Parton sends a fax,
 then somebody at the other end scans the fax
 to see what it says,
 and then writes it in a text message
 that gets sent to Miley Cyrus.
 - Actually, the real leader of this fax
 is that somebody's job is sorting communications
 between Miley Cyrus and Dolly Parton exclusively.
 - Are you telling me you don't want that job?
 - Of course I want that job.
 - It must happen a lot.
 I mentioned years ago on the podcast
 that's how Brian Blessed would do his tweets.
 So, yeah, it's the exact same thing.
 He would be sent the tweets to reply to, to his agent,
 fax it to him, he would fax back.
 Like, there was a whole fax system.
 - Did he write out the replies by hand,
 which would then fax back,
 and then there would be times--
 - I can't remember now, yeah.
 - It went through, like, eight different modes
 of communication.
 - There was a lot, but maybe that's more,
 it can't just be Dolly and Brian Blessed.
 - Brian Blessed once tweet Miley Cyrus saying,
 "Can you tell Dolly Parton to answer her phone?"
 - I think it all had to go through the NHS in the end,
 that was where you were.
 - Have you heard of the fax number of the beast?
 - Okay, six, six, six, something.
 - It's six, six, seven.
 And it's quite just a little nice nugget
 for phone numbers of faxes.
 - Oh, 'cause of course your fax number used to be
 your phone number, but with one digit at the end,
 gone one up.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So, six, six, seven is the fax number of the beast.
 - Oh, I see.
 - I'm sorry, according to people who--
 - I think it's a joke, right?
 It's a little joke.
 - It's a joke.
 - Yeah, yeah, it's a joke, yeah.
 - Yeah, no, nice.
 I like, sorry.
 (laughing)
 I like jokes.
 I'm the joke guy.
 - Before we had cyber, let's say urban legends
 being sent through email and Facebook and stuff like that,
 they were all done on fax machines.
 And in 1993, there was a big scare in Memphis, Tennessee
 because there was a load of faxes going around
 about gangs would drive around with the lights off
 in the cars, and if anyone flashed them to tell them
 their lights were off, then they would chase them,
 stop them, and kill them.
 And obviously--
 - Oh my God, was this not true?
 'Cause I heard this rumor quite recently.
 - It's just got to Anna's fax.
 - I mean, that still goes around that rumor, right?
 But no, it is fake.
 - But it was called fax law,
 the culture of sending faxes around,
 and it was the old meme culture, I think.
 - Yeah, exactly.
 And when emails came along,
 it just went from fax to email directly from there to there.
 - So, fax law was the name for the rumors,
 the lies that were started.
 - Yeah, like folklore.
 - Oh wow.
 - I thank you.
 Again, I now get that that's a joke, fax law,
 to play on words.
 - She likes jokes.
 - She loves jokes.
 - Ladies and gentlemen.
 - I'm a joke, aren't I?
 - Oh, the last time I came on this podcast.
 - Do you know who else used to fax each other
 in the '80s?
 Well, loads of people.
 - Give us a list.
 - I'll give you a list.
 - I framed that question badly.
 I've got a better way of framing it.
 What was the, and pretend that,
 I didn't ask that previous question,
 'cause otherwise it'll give it away,
 what was the hotline between the White House
 and the Kremlin?
 - Was it a fax machine?
 - Dunno, I know you cheated there.
 Probably using previous information.
 - I always thought it was a red telephone.
 - It wasn't, a phone.
 - That's Batman you're thinking of.
 - I think that was part of where the rumor came from
 that the hotline was a phone,
 'cause I think it was in one of the Batman films
 who speaks to the White House on the phone.
 Anyway, the hotline between the White House
 and the Kremlin famously started by Kennedy
 and Khrushchev in the '60s,
 was never a telephone between them,
 but it was in the '80s a fax machine.
 So it started with type, so it was teletype,
 so it was basically like an old version of text
 where you'd type a message if you're in the White House
 or in fact in the Pentagon where it was.
 You'd type a message, it would be encrypted by people,
 sent to the Kremlin and then translated
 by someone at the other end into Russian.
 And it was quite sweet.
 The start of the Cold War,
 they swapped machines for this teletyping.
 So the Kremlin posted to the US
 four of their teletype machines
 that could print stuff out in Cyrillic,
 and the US posted back to the Kremlin
 four of their machines.
 And they upgraded to fax machines in the '80s.
 So in the 1980s, if there was an emergency
 between Reagan and Gorbachev,
 then they faxed each other.
 - There's many ways that people have to protect themselves
 against cyber attacks these days.
 What do you reckon, this is now turning just into a quiz,
 the answer is not fax machine.
 (laughing)
 What do you reckon, so like for the Navy,
 how they get by if they get cyber attacked
 for let's say their GPS system is hit with malware
 from an unknown enemy and that's how they're scrambled.
 - Okay, so you need to know which way to go,
 but your GPS is broken 'cause you've been hit by cyber.
 - Yep, you pop up and look at the stars in your periscope.
 - That's what it is.
 - Oh shit, sorry.
 - Celestial navigation.
 They're all taught celestial navigation, yeah.
 - I'd make such a great submarine captain
 'cause that was my first thought and I was like,
 I mean, I wouldn't know how to do it, but like.
 - Someone used to celestially navigate, thanks Alex.
 - That's why the captain's there.
 - There's no such captain, I'm in charge,
 I'm not actually doing anything,
 I'm just telling you what to do, right Anna?
 But like, think about how quickly
 I made that decision and who's right what.
 - Uh, go on.
 - No, no, it wasn't funny.
 - Oh, as she knows funny.
 (laughing)
 - So, we mentioned the number of the beast earlier on.
 - Yes.
 - I've got a little quiz for you.
 - Oh, great.
 - Are the following things,
 are the names of cyber attacks
 or the names of bands who have opened for Iron Maiden?
 (laughing)
 Let's go for Shady Rat.
 - Shady Rat's a band surely.
 - Yeah, cyber attack.
 - I'm gonna go cyber attack.
 - It's a cyber attack.
 - Wow.
 - In fact, it was a series of cyber attacks
 in the late 2000s, originated from China.
 Night Dragon.
 - Cyber attack.
 - Band, cyber attack.
 - Oh, Dan, you suck at this so badly.
 (laughing)
 Around the same time as Shady Rat,
 these were attacks on energy companies.
 Nitro's use.
 - Cyber attack.
 - I'm gonna go band this time.
 - Band.
 - Cyber attack.
 (laughing)
 - I don't know how my brain works.
 - Everyone knows Iron Maiden have a policy
 of never having a supporting act.
 (laughing)
 - These were attacks on Iran by the US
 that were planned if nuclear talks failed.
 Let's go for Vinnie Vincent's invasion.
 (laughing)
 - I'm gonna say it's a band.
 Surely it's a band.
 - Yeah.
 - That.
 - Band.
 (laughing)
 - I am gonna say cyber attack.
 - Oh, I know you've lost it.
 (cheering)
 - I actually run out of cyber attacks now.
 I did the ball at the top.
 (laughing)
 - I was looking at other like kind of non-digital ways
 of hacking things.
 And did you, have you heard of token suckers?
 So this was for many years,
 the New York subway ran on tokens.
 It was, you would buy tokens which would go into the slots
 to let you through the barriers.
 And it was because I think the denominations
 of coins never always matched up with the fares.
 And there were people called token suckers
 who would steal tokens by jamming up the slots
 in the machine with a bit of paper
 so that when people put their token in,
 they'd lose it, but it wouldn't go all the way in.
 And then they would come back and they would
 just crash down and suck the token out.
 - With their mouth.
 - With their mouth.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - It's a hell of a vacuum you've got on your mouth
 if you can suck a coin out of a slot.
 - Yeah, I think if it's just inside,
 you can kind of try and get it.
 - Maybe use your tongue to just soft wiggle it.
 - Yeah.
 - You could take a hoover,
 you could take a vacuum cleaner to the station.
 - Like a dice.
 - A little more suspicious, but yeah.
 - I think you've had a tax attention.
 But they used to, some of the subway station attendants
 would put chili powder in the slots as a deterrent,
 which is nice.
 - Yeah, that's nice.
 - You could get half a tennis ball and stick it on
 and then wham it and that creates a vacuum
 and then when you pull it off, it would suck it.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 - That's good.
 - Or play at any plunger, I guess.
 - Plunger would do the same job.
 (laughing)
 - That was made twice, yeah?
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that for 200 years,
 humans made wire by soaking steel in urine,
 but for realizing that water works just as well.
 (laughing)
 - We're so stupid.
 - I love it.
 - How recent was this?
 It's just like last year we weren't the same.
 - Yeah, someone squatting down to urinate on the steel again
 saying, "We definitely not just put it under the towel."
 - What was the thought behind it?
 - Well, I read this in a great book actually called
 How to Invent Everything,
 and the thought I think was that urine was used
 for various things historically, wasn't it?
 The tanning industry springs to mind,
 but going through the podcast archive,
 it was used for millions of other things,
 and so this was in Altena in Germany,
 and it was in 1650,
 and at that point to make wire out of steel,
 you had to pull a steel rod,
 so like a thicker rod of steel,
 through a funnel of decreasing diameter,
 so you know like when you did filtration in science,
 you had those funnels,
 and so you'd put steel in the wide end,
 and you drag it through until it gets thinner and thinner,
 and then you get a thin wire coming out the other end,
 and to stop there being too much friction,
 'cause you're putting it through really hard,
 you use grease or oil,
 and then in this place called Altena in Germany,
 someone, according to reports from the time,
 accidentally sort of urinated all over it,
 and then tried it,
 and found that it works just as well as the grease and oil,
 and so I thought, oh, it must be something special
 about the wee.
 - I believe, I found something from quite near the time
 that said that this guy who's called Johann Gerdis,
 he had been so annoyed that he couldn't draw it well enough
 that he'd thrown his material,
 (speaking in foreign language)
 - Yes.
 - Which is where everyone casts their water,
 so he didn't urinate on it,
 he got annoyed and threw it in the corner
 into the tile and that's where.
 - Yeah, exactly, so he tossed it into the loo,
 and then he thought, oh no, that was,
 I threw a strop there, that was silly, wasn't I?
 But I'll go and get it back,
 and so then he went and sort of got my elbow deep.
 - Pissy metal back.
 - Exactly, climbed down into the vat of wee,
 got it back out,
 and then found that it works better, and--
 - And when you say work better,
 is it just softer and more malleable?
 - Yeah, so what it seemed to do,
 what it did do is make a soft coating around the metal,
 which reduces the friction when you pull it through.
 Now, we now do know that water also does that,
 but for 200 years,
 people who worked in this factory
 would provide urine to it,
 and actually their wives and children
 would also donate their urine to this factory.
 - I like the fact that they,
 in between the wee and the water,
 they worked out that beer worked.
 - Really?
 - So they did it with the wee for ages,
 and then after about 100 years, someone tried beer,
 they went, oh, this works just as well.
 - That's so good.
 - We don't need to whistle it.
 - Stop trying, try like 100 different things, yeah?
 - Maybe they did.
 - I kind of wonder what else would work
 that we haven't thought of yet.
 - Yeah.
 - Better than water.
 - I think once you've got to water,
 it's like, okay, good, this is a simplest trick.
 - I so love to have been there on the day
 that the person who came into town and said,
 you know you can just use water,
 so they've said that, so can you?
 - Or like, dicks in hands.
 (all laughing)
 - Standing here, dick in hand.
 (all laughing)
 - You've been so embarrassed.
 How long have you been doing this?
 200 years.
 - It's not important, doesn't matter.
 - Yeah.
 - Wow.
 - I think it's also interesting that you make,
 why I like you make spaghetti,
 you just squeeze it in a,
 I mean, it might have pissed off my spaghetti.
 I mean, squeezing it through, squeezing it through her face.
 - Actually, if you could get it in water,
 it's even better.
 (all laughing)
 - You know that smell that iron and steel has,
 like doorknobs and stuff, you know that?
 - Oh yeah.
 - That smell.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - The metal smell.
 - So you actually don't,
 because it turns out that it doesn't smell,
 and you know what it actually is,
 is the oils and chemicals excreted by you,
 reacting with the surface of the metal.
 - Very similarly,
 and every kitchen should have this,
 I don't have this,
 but you can get stainless steel soap.
 And I've never heard of that before.
 - Oh.
 - Yeah.
 - What?
 - Yeah.
 - Well, 'cause stainless steel is like antibacterial, right?
 Which is why, like a lot of doorknobs are made out of it,
 and especially when you go into public toilets
 and stuff, everything's metal.
 - Yeah.
 - 'Cause bacteria can't last very long.
 - So you don't need to wash your hands
 when you're leaving the loo.
 You just turn the metal doorknob and you say,
 "I've done it, as long as you do it both hands."
 - You're not made of metal, Adam.
 (all laughing)
 - Now, this is specifically for,
 if you're cutting up onions or you're cutting up garlic,
 and the smell gets stuck to your fingers,
 and you're like, "Oh, God, I smell of this."
 Rubbing your hands against stainless steel
 creates a reaction that knocks out the smell from it.
 This is, I don't think it's scientifically proven at all,
 but they do sell, as it were, bars of stainless steel soap.
 - I actually think it is scientifically proven.
 - What?
 - But it doesn't really work.
 - That's exactly it.
 - No, it's not, it's not actually practical.
 - But it's like, "Nah, I've definitely rubbed
 my garlicky fingers up and down,
 stainless steel stuff to no avail."
 - And does real soap not work at all for garlic?
 - No, I don't think anything works for it,
 except using garlic in a jar,
 which I've resorted to now in order to sustain my marriage.
 - I think just being happy with smells of garlic.
 - All that, James, I wish life were that simple.
 (all laughing)
 - What a weird cryptic sentence about your marriage
 that just slipped in there.
 (all laughing)
 - Anna's husband is a vampire.
 (all laughing)
 - Can I give you a QI question,
 but you've got to pretend you're in ancient Rome,
 and then it works.
 - Sure, do we have to do it in Latin?
 - Yes, so that's okay.
 I'm sure the listeners at home are fluent.
 So--
 - Shall we?
 (all laughing)
 - Oh, no, Alex actually can do this.
 - It's a guy studying Latin.
 - You only need to know one word,
 and that's the Latin word for steel.
 And astonishingly, they had a version of steel
 as far back as then,
 which was invented in India about 400 BC,
 but it wasn't able to be mass produced until the 19th century.
 But they did have it, made it to ancient Rome.
 The Latin word for steel is chalebe,
 and it was named after that chalebe's people
 who lived on the Black Sea.
 Okay, so you're in Latin QI.
 What did the chalebe's people invent?
 - The chalebe people, they made metal.
 - I mean, the Latin for steel is chalebe.
 I'm just gonna say that.
 - Oh, okay, I see.
 - Is it the word caliber?
 - X-caliber, swords.
 - Dan, can I get, I feel like you're the one
 who gives the more obvious stupid answer.
 Can you do that now?
 - I'm still busy trying to picture myself.
 What character I am, what do I know, what do I not know?
 - Chalebe, and what there's supposed to be
 an obvious answer to this.
 - They invented steel.
 - Oh, they invented steel.
 Did they invent steel?
 - And then you get a klaxon.
 - They invented steel.
 - I don't know what's going on.
 I think God, Anna didn't pitch QI to the BBC initially.
 - It's a script editor.
 I don't understand how she's made such a mess of this.
 - I've rewritten all the scripts in Latin.
 This is so awkward.
 I'm saying to a Latin audience,
 what did the chalebe's people invent?
 You know, speaking Latin,
 that chalebe is Latin for steel.
 - Okay, so it's steel.
 - Steel, woo, woo, woo.
 - Klaxon, okay, go ahead, okay, yeah, let me see.
 - And they didn't,
 they just invented another kind of hybrid iron.
 They had this kind of iron, steel.
 - Do you wanna hear about the barbed wire was?
 - Yes.
 - Okay, so barbed wire invented
 in 1873 in America by Joseph Glidden
 and used by farmers to protect their farms.
 Who was not happy about it?
 - The blunt wire manufacturers.
 (laughing)
 - Yeah, fence makers.
 - Yeah.
 - Oh, yeah, that's true.
 - Ramblers.
 - Ramblers, lots of ramblers in there.
 - Golfers.
 - Golfers, yeah, these are all great answers.
 But all wrong.
 - I actually feel like ramblers,
 'cause I think I may know the answer,
 but ramblers might be a vaguely correct-ish.
 People who wanted to ramble, right?
 - I think it's true.
 I mean, not many people like barbed wire, I'd say, but.
 - The answer is cowboys,
 because if you had a farm and you didn't have fences,
 your cows and sheep could run anywhere,
 but you kept them in the right place by employing cowboys.
 But as soon as you had bad wire,
 you didn't need to employ cowboys anymore.
 - This is the first 18. - Who ramble freely,
 which is why I've given Alex half the points.
 - Rambles, they're on horses.
 - Yeah, I think of rambling as just sort of roaming free,
 but do you think it has to be on foot?
 - I think what we're doing now is rambling.
 - But the other thing,
 the other people didn't like it were small ranchers,
 because if you had a big ranch
 and you could afford loads of barbed wire,
 you could put loads of barbed wire around your farm.
 But actually, in those days,
 people weren't really sure where one farm stopped
 and another farm started.
 So if you were a small rancher,
 you would often find that you would turn up to your ranch
 and there's a load of barbed wire
 and you couldn't get to your stuff anymore.
 And so there was a huge amount of violence and tension
 between these kind of small ranchers and the big ranchers.
 And there were wire cutting groups
 that would go out and cut all the wires.
 And actually Grover Cleveland,
 the president had to send in the army
 to remove any unlawful barbed wire fences.
 - They formed sort of gangs, didn't they?
 With really fun names.
 They were called like the blue devils, the owls.
 - They supported Iron Maiden, didn't they?
 - Sorry, you're right.
 - Native Americans as well didn't like it
 because it stopped buffaloes rambling.
 I'm gonna make ramble happen.
 And they depended so much on their livelihood for buffaloes.
 It's one of the reasons that buffaloes
 basically went extinct by the end of the century
 is that they couldn't roam free anymore.
 They were fenced in.
 And it was all kind of Lincoln's fault, wasn't it?
 'Cause he signed this act,
 which said everyone can have a bunch of free land
 in the Wild West if you agree to farm it.
 So all these farmers moved there.
 And then we're like, how do we stop these buffaloes
 from trampling all over our crops?
 - Bloody Lincoln.
 - Electric wire, right?
 After the barbed wire.
 - Yeah.
 - I'm just trying to think.
 I wonder how many people died in that small town
 who were having a nostalgic piss on a bit of wire.
 (laughing)
 - I think that's a myth, isn't it?
 If you piss on electric feds, you get electrocuted.
 Don't try it at home.
 Don't try it at home.
 Who's got electric feds at home?
 (laughing)
 - Get out of my room, Mum.
 I did warn you.
 (laughing)
 - I think the myth that I remember,
 and again, I'm not sure that this is true,
 so people shouldn't try it at someone else's home.
 But your urine stream isn't usually a complete stream.
 It's usually got gaps in it enough
 that the electricity can't travel up it.
 - Did anyone come across
 this Guardian Notes and Queries section?
 So you know, the Guardian notes and queries
 and someone asks a question and lots of,
 often people who have inside knowledge answer underneath.
 And there's one that's When Was Wire Invented.
 Did any of you see this?
 - No.
 - It's just very confusing.
 So there's When Was Wire Invented
 and then various people underneath give their answers.
 And one of the answers is,
 fierce controversy surrounded the invention of wire.
 And it goes on to explain that Thomas Malham
 said he invented wire in 1830
 at his foundry in Sheffield.
 But a Frenchman, Jean-François Martin,
 also said he'd invented wire at the same time.
 There was this legal action
 contesting the right to the patent.
 It was never resolved 'cause Thomas Malham died
 of an inflamed liver.
 And then it said, it's extraordinary fact.
 Thomas Malham's memorial is an Abney Park cemetery,
 very near where I used to live,
 which has lots of amazing gravestones on it.
 And it's now rusted away,
 but it used to be constructed entirely of wire
 in the shape of an anvil topped with a falcon.
 And the source was a book called Wire,
 It's History and Application by Dr. A. Stone.
 (all laughing)
 - It's a different material.
 - Well, it is a different material.
 But there's nothing obviously in this to give away
 that it's completely made up.
 It's completely made up. - Oh, it's completely made up.
 Oh, okay, fine.
 - This person gives this extraordinary story
 of the history of the Foundry of Wire.
 And I was like, brilliant, something fascinating.
 God, there's Abney Park.
 I can't believe I never saw that.
 - It's completely false.
 - So this is the story of you reading a comment section,
 finding the information ought to be true.
 - It's not a comment section.
 It's Guardian Notes and Queries, okay?
 You get highbrow experts replying to people about,
 and then practices. - But the joke is can slip in.
 That's the problem.
 - Yeah, it's not a very good joke though, is it?
 - I don't know, A. Stone.
 - A. Stone?
 - Pretty good, I did laugh really hard at this.
 - That's not a joke.
 I know jokes, guys.
 (all laughing)
 - Just on other things you can use your info.
 Virgin Boy eggs.
 - Oh, yeah.
 - Do you remember this?
 - Virgin Boy eggs.
 - So they are a traditional dish from China, from Dongyang.
 And basically, it's exactly what it sounds like.
 They boil eggs in the urine of young boys.
 So like 10 or younger.
 - That's not what Virgin Boy eggs sounds like.
 That's gonna be 20.
 - It's what it translates with boy egg, fine.
 Like, again, urine boy eggs.
 You're absolutely right, yeah.
 - Urine boy eggs, got it.
 - You're trying to, sorry.
 They are, it translates as Virgin Boy eggs,
 Virgin Boy being like small boy eggs.
 And yeah, they, all through the town,
 the kids are encouraged to,
 when they go to the loon schools,
 they either can go to the normal toilet
 or they can go and pee in like a collection bucket
 in the corridor.
 And then all of this urine gets taken
 and then eggs are boiled in them.
 And it's a whole process where like they're double boiled
 in this urine and people eat them
 and it's like a delicacy.
 - Yeah, urine's been used like that for a lot, hasn't it?
 - Yeah, it's interesting.
 There is definitely like a legit ick factor there
 where I'm like, it's somebody else's urine
 that this has been cooked in.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - It's very interesting.
 - They had 100 years eggs.
 - 100 years eggs?
 - Yeah, they're like supposed to be 100 years old.
 They're not really 100 years old,
 but they are quite old.
 - Very old, yeah.
 - Yeah, and they just taste really sulfurous.
 - But they haven't been bathed in urine, have they?
 - No, they're just standard.
 - They're just a different kind of weird egg, yeah.
 - It's the urine thing I don't like, yeah.
 - I can talk about weird eggs that I've eaten.
 I had that at Balut, you know,
 that has the baby chickens, the embryo of the chickens.
 - Oh yeah.
 All right, so save it for your spin-off weird eggs
 I've eaten podcast, which will run forever and ever.
 It's, they've actually poached me.
 Poached me.
 - Hey.
 (laughing)
 - The rest is weird eggs.
 This is you, go find your podcast.
 (laughing)
 It's me and Delia Smith just talking about weird eggs.
 - Weird eggs.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Alex.
 - My fact this week is that dragonfly wings
 are equipped with tiny knives
 that physically rip bacteria apart.
 - What?
 - Nice.
 - It's amazing.
 - Oh my God.
 - It's just, it's the property they have
 that keeps their wings clean.
 - So clever.
 - Can I ask a question?
 - Yeah.
 - Alex, straight off the bat.
 I've currently got a chest infection,
 and I'm on antibiotics.
 Could I instead chuck some dragonfly wings?
 - That's such a great question.
 - I don't want to answer that in case you die.
 (laughing)
 - I thought you were gonna say,
 should I strap a series of knives to my arms
 and flap them around?
 - Yeah.
 - All sort of option.
 - I think probably not.
 I think dragonflies are amazing
 if humans use them as inspiration
 for scientific innovations so much,
 but one of the things that we are doing
 is trying to emulate this,
 what's called, they're called nanopillars,
 these tiny, tiny sort of blunt pillars
 that are so, so small.
 They're 100,000th of the width of a human hair.
 I mean, so, so tiny.
 So bacteria literally lands on them,
 gets caught between two and gets ripped apart.
 I mean, it's absolutely astonishing how small it is.
 - There's more than 10 billion of them
 per wing, basically, on each one.
 - Absolutely mad.
 - Yeah.
 And they're really, really good at destroying
 almost all bacteria that lands on them.
 So, there's a university in Melbourne, Australia
 who have successfully made a sort of plastic version.
 So, that could be the new stainless steel.
 You know, next time you go into your public bathroom,
 there'll be a plastic handle.
 - So scientists have managed to make stuff that small?
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Well done.
 - Well done.
 - I don't know.
 - Well, you can see when they sort of,
 you can do novels on rice now.
 - You know that that's quite different to having something
 that there's 10 billion of them on a wing.
 - I don't think they've been manually sharpening each one
 with a tiny, tiny set of carving knives or anything.
 - I once pushed an electron
 with a scanning tunneling microscope.
 - Wow.
 - Right.
 And it took me about an hour and a half.
 (laughing)
 - It was quite a long time ago.
 No, just like to slightly other place
 to where it already was.
 Like, I just moved it.
 - Can you just blown it?
 - No, 'cause it's an electron.
 It's so small.
 So you have this little sort of, it's like a needle,
 but it says some kind of quantum effect.
 I don't know.
 I did study it, but I don't really understand it.
 But I had the machine and then it was like a computer game
 thing and you would kind of push this one electron.
 And the idea was I need to.
 - Oh, they meant you to.
 - Yeah.
 - It wasn't like OCD.
 You didn't just, it's like walking in
 and seeing a painting slightly askew.
 You're like, oh, I'm really uncomfortable with that.
 - I really like Princess and the P.E. too.
 This place is such a mess.
 (laughing)
 - But yeah, dragonflies are actually astonishing.
 - They're incredible.
 - They are amazing.
 Every fact I learn about them is that you're
 the most metal insane.
 They are the most efficient killers in nature.
 They are the most efficient predators.
 They kill over 95% of the prey that they chase,
 which is like, that's unbelievable.
 We're so lucky they're so small and they don't eat us.
 - Yeah.
 I love you called them the most metal.
 They've opened for Iron Maiden.
 (laughing)
 - When they're lava, so like little worm things,
 they kind of live underwater.
 And then they shed the larval skin
 and start to become a dragonfly.
 And they create these wings,
 but the wings are like made of jelly.
 They're not like the wings that they have when they're older.
 So they need to dry them out.
 And so they produce sodium bicarbonate in the rectum
 and they fart it out and it reacts with the water
 and it creates CO2 and it dries out their wings,
 which means that they become proper wings.
 - They are their own hairdryer.
 - Their ass is a hairdryer.
 - But also when they're lava,
 they eat through their anus as well.
 And they also spend most of their lives as lava.
 So they can, some species live up to five years,
 but they spend nearly all of it as a lava.
 And then they become a dragonfly
 for just a couple of months and flying around.
 - I always think it's weird with, it's not weird at all,
 but it's unfair to these animals
 that we think of them as dragonflies.
 When actually for almost all their life,
 they're not dragonflies at all.
 - I think they want to be thought of as dragonflies
 rather than these weird underwater insects.
 A bit creepy, yeah, yeah.
 It must be, I watched a great,
 I watched a couple of great documentaries actually about them.
 One of them was talking about the extraordinary moment
 when they're climbing up a blade of sort of grass,
 which they would do when they're emerging
 from nymph phase into dragonfly phase,
 climb a blade of grass out of the water.
 And that first time that you feel the weight of gravity
 on you, they've been floating in water all of their lives.
 And suddenly they slow down massively
 'cause it's suddenly having to wrench their body weight up.
 And then if you watch videos of them emerging
 from the Exoskeleton, it's very cool.
 So their abdomen as a dragonfly is concertinid,
 just like a telescope inside of their larval cell.
 So when they burst out,
 suddenly it's like pulling a telescope out
 to its full extension.
 And when they climb up, they can retreat at any point.
 So they're not dragonfly yet until their massive googly eyes,
 you know, they've got this big eyes,
 until their eyes turn cloudy and white.
 And then once the eyes have gone milky,
 there's no going back.
 - Oh my God, that's incredible.
 - That's awesome.
 - That's how you can tell.
 - Wow, did you know they can't walk?
 They've got six legs and they can climb with them,
 but they can't walk on them.
 But they mostly use them to like grab their prey in mid air
 and like stab it and like.
 - They're not called dragonwalks, Alex.
 (laughing)
 - I feel it's weird having to like as in most,
 most flies and insects land or can also walk on there.
 Let them use it to like stand and walk.
 Whereas dragonflies specifically use it to grab
 and hunt them more like pincers, that's great.
 - They're so awesome that the U.S. decided to create
 a spying dragonfly drone, which was based on
 all these amazing things that dragonflies could do.
 So it had tiny beads that could reflect light
 and could check for oscillations.
 So you could work out what someone was saying
 from a massive distance away.
 It could flap its wings 1800 times per minute
 using the lithium nitrate crystals controlled by lasers.
 It costs about $2 million for each ones,
 but they only ever tested it in lab conditions.
 And then when they took it out,
 they realized it couldn't cope with wind.
 (laughing)
 - I found a documentary by David Attenborough,
 which was called "Dragons and Damsels".
 He made it in 2019, it was a TV special.
 And I really wanted to watch it.
 And so I was Googling "Dragons and Damsels"
 to see where you could get it.
 Sadly, the closest I could get was a documentary
 of similar length, about 45 minutes called "Dragons and Damsels",
 released on YouTube by Buxton Civic Associations
 during the pandemic and hosted by a chap called
 Richard Nisley Marple, which was really good as well.
 And so I'm gonna tell you some things I've learned
 from "Dragons and Damsels".
 The production quality's slightly lower.
 There were interruptions like,
 "Can you see my cursor as I'm moving it out there?"
 (laughing)
 And sort of, "Can everyone see me on the screen?"
 or "Can you see the thing I'm showing you?"
 But...
 (laughing)
 - I'm never gonna, Attenborough doing that
 or flying him out to the art, because they're like,
 "Why can't I see them?"
 (laughing)
 - But I would love to see Attenborough
 doing a new narration over this documentary.
 "Here we see the human attempt, the cursor."
 - Yes, the thumbnails have confused
 the good Jesus out of him.
 - Was it good though?
 - It was really good.
 So he said, "Sweetly," he said,
 "The Southern Hawker dragonfly.
 "They're the only dragonflies that will fly up to you
 "and look you straight in the eye."
 - That's scary.
 - He said, "It's quite frightening."
 - Sounds like a U.S. drug, doesn't it really?
 - Maybe that's what they are.
 They always have been.
 He said, "The way to tell the difference
 "between damselflies and dragonflies,"
 where there are many ways,
 but one of them is, and you have to look quite closely,
 but during mating, they both grab the female from behind,
 but dragonflies grab the female on the back of the head,
 whereas damsels grab the female on the back of the neck.
 So you do have to be quite close.
 (laughing)
 And also I really enjoyed a metaphor he used,
 which actually referenced a fact that we mentioned before,
 which is that ancient dragonflies millions of years ago
 were up to a meter wide.
 And as he said, you can imagine what sort of a mess
 that would make if it hit your windscreen.
 (laughing)
 I actually laughed out loud at that.
 And I've never laughed out loud at David Attenborough.
 - Or any of our jokes on this podcast yet.
 - She knows jokes.
 - She does.
 - Anyone knows jokes.
 - But the female dragonflies also,
 they fake their deaths to avoid having sex sometimes.
 - Yes.
 - Oh, they do do that, don't they?
 - And the other thing I know about dragonflies' sex
 is that the males have spoon-shaped penises
 so that they can scoop out sperm of the previous guy
 if he finds any inside.
 - Ah, that is clever.
 Bit gross, but yeah.
 Well, no, but necessary, right?
 - Well, yeah, I suppose so.
 - Arguably humans have that as well.
 - Really, yeah.
 - What?
 The idea is that the bell-end shape at the top of a penis
 could possibly be used to scrape out other people's semen.
 - Yeah, or just get a half-cut tennis ball
 and you can plunge that out.
 - I'm actually starting to question your fact now, Alex,
 having just looked at my notes,
 'cause Anna previously gave us a fake fact from A Stone.
 And your fact about an insect
 comes from someone called a wolf.
 - Really?
 - Yeah.
 It's Dr. Annalena Wolf.
 She does make this, there's this amazing point
 that's made inside this article,
 which you touched on earlier,
 which is basically all the things that we're looking for
 for modern invention,
 evolution has worked out somewhere on our planet.
 We just need to look around
 for a four billion years worth of evolution
 and you eventually find something
 that can be then taken into the lab to try and mimic,
 which is pretty awesome.
 - It's the mimicking that's hard, I think, sometimes.
 We actually don't have four billion years to make it.
 We've got about a week before the funding dries up.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 But they've been around 300 million years.
 Dinosaurs were walking the planet.
 I mean, that's always, 'cause in my head,
 the romanticism of the dinosaurs
 being just because of how old they were in alive,
 and we forget all these animals.
 Dragonflies were there.
 - Sure, a different version.
 - In fairness to people who make cartoons
 and dinosaur movies,
 they do often have dragonflies flying around.
 - They do, they do, that's true.
 - They do, that's true.
 - Dragonflies, yeah, that's so true.
 - That is true.
 - Yeah.
 - One other incredible thing about them
 you wouldn't expect is how far they can fly,
 and that's another thing that scientists are looking into.
 Can we replicate it?
 'Cause the globe skimmer dragonfly
 has the record for the longest insect migration,
 and it does a round trip of 18,000 kilometers.
 - That is insane.
 It's always one of these things where I think,
 does it count if it's multi-generational?
 - Yeah, absolutely not, yeah.
 - 'Cause it is one of these things where the dragonfly,
 this particular dragonfly lays its eggs
 and lives and mates in shallow pools,
 'cause the pools are warmer if they're shallow,
 and so it can grow faster.
 So it follows the rain, so it can follow shallow pools,
 so it flies from India to Africa,
 and then the next generation flies back.
 - If I went on a gap here and then like,
 I came back and it was my son,
 like you wouldn't be like, "How is Africa?"
 Like, "What was your dad?"
 - Alex is so well-traveled.
 Alex and Alex Jr. together.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found at various places on the internet.
 I'm on Instagram, on @Shriberland, James.
 And my Instagram is @NoSuchThingAsJamesHarkin.
 - Alex, I don't have any socials at the moment.
 - Yeah?
 - Ooh, look at me.
 - Copycat.
 - Live my life.
 - And Anna, how can they get in touch with all of us?
 - And you can get in touch with all of us
 by emailing podcast@QI.com
 or by tweeting @NoSuchThing.
 - That's right, or you can go to our website,
 NoSuchThingAsafish.com.
 All of the previous episodes are up there.
 Do check them out.
 Also check out Club Fish,
 which is our behind-the-scenes special fun place
 where we have lots of bonus material,
 little fun extra shows like Drop Us Aligns,
 lots of great stuff there.
 But otherwise, just come back next week for another episode
 and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
