 Hello to you club fishers out there. Hope you enjoy all of your benefits that you get. All of those adverts that you don't have to listen to, isn't it great?
 Don't forget to go to our Discord if you would like to speak to like-minded fish fans. You can find that by going to NoticesThingsFish.com/FishCord.
 But this is nothing to do with that, this is your bonus content for the week of whatever week it is now, sometime in October. And it is something that I have quite dubiously called fishy openings.
 Now we have just done an amazing summer of live shows in the Soho Theatre and at the start of each show we come out, we chat to the audience, we do a little bit of facts.
 We did that 11 times and what I've done is I've smooshed it all together into what I hope you really enjoy.
 It's a load of silliness that no one who listens to the podcast will get. Usually it will be safe for the people in the room but we thought what a waste.
 Why not let the good folk in the club fish village hear it as well. So hope you enjoy it. Apologies for the title. But anyway, on with fishy openings.
 [Opening music]
 Nine years ago, a podcast started and now, nine years later, it's still happening.
 Are you ready to see, not all, but three out of the four people who started that podcast live on stage downstairs at the Soho Theatre?
 [Cheering]
 Woo! Alright. Oh wow. Hi everybody. Who's ready for bed? [Cheering]
 9.45, what the fuck are we doing? Thank you all for coming to our live show. How many people here have seen us live before?
 Four. Okay. How many people here know the show? [Cheering]
 Nice. Who here has no idea what it is? [Cheering]
 Oh. Oh, gosh, that's a lot. That was a lot more than. Wait, let's do that again. Who here doesn't know us? [Cheering]
 Okay, fuck done. Alright. If you don't know the show, basically we're a fact show.
 Not sort of like boring facts. We're sort of more, imagine if I was like, the boring facts. That's what we trade in.
 No, the kind of weird quirky things that you think, ooh, that's a bit exciting. The fact that's just like, it's so kind of quirky that it just is suddenly a bit sexy.
 That's how I find it. No, okay, that's me. Alright. I just think sometimes you hear a fact and it gives you a little goosebumps and you go, ooh, when you hear it, right?
 Okay, James, please take over.
 What, do you want one of those facts?
 Yes, please.
 Okay, I'll give you a fact. Well, you're Australian.
 Yeah.
 So this is a fact about the war and during the war, and this is in the towards the start of the 20th century, British troops were given hand grenades that were the same shape as cricket balls because they knew that they'd be able to throw them better.
 The Americans were given grenades the same size as baseballs and Australia were given grenades shaped like boomerangs.
 Really?
 No.
 That is true.
 But luckily not the ones that come back because that was...
 Yeah.
 Wow, that's very cool.
 It's actually a fact.
 Andy, have you got a fact for our fact filled evening?
 No.
 You don't?
 Well, I mean, I once lost a cricket ball throwing competition to a seven year old child, so I'm just glad that I wasn't, for a number of reasons that I wasn't involved in the First World War at all.
 Like loads.
 Shall I give you one more?
 So this is one that doesn't really work spoken, but if you could read it here, it's brilliant.
 Hang on a sec.
 Yeah, that is good.
 It is that the word vegan, the first use of the word vegan referred to an alien that lived on a planet that orbited the star Vega.
 Isn't that amazing?
 That is very cool.
 For 30 years, if you said you were a vegan, everyone thought you were an alien.
 That's brilliant.
 That, remember, I had a fact. It's one of my favorite facts I've ever did on fish, which also required the writing to sort of help you out.
 But we discovered that the Whoopi Cushion was invented by a Roman emperor, and he was called Elagabalus, but that was not his birth name.
 And that's what I read that made me go unbelievable.
 The Whoopi Cushion was invented by a Roman emperor called Basianus.
 Now, obviously it's Basianus, I have what you wanted.
 You look on paper, it's Basianus.
 Do you know those puppet fidget toys?
 Yeah.
 They were invented by someone who'd had a dream about a field of breasts.
 No.
 Blimey.
 Wow.
 Sounds like whack-a-mole, but with boobs.
 Pretty much, yeah.
 Wow.
 I've got one.
 OK, yeah.
 This was sent in, actually.
 We get a lot of facts sent in to our email, just, you know, people wanting to tell us.
 So this was sent in by Matthew Coates.
 So thank you, Matthew.
 This is about two brothers.
 There are two brothers called the Gretzky brothers, Wayne and Brent.
 Between them, they hold the record for the most points scored
 in the American National Hockey League by a set of brothers, right?
 Between them, they have scored 2,861 points.
 Of those, Wayne scored 2,857.
 And Brent has scored four.
 During COVID lockdown, a group of scientists in France
 who presumably had to form some kind of bubble
 created the world's longest lasting bubble.
 OK, so you guys who haven't heard us before,
 see if you can guess how long the bubble lasted for.
 There was one person over there. How long do you think?
 A day.
 A day?
 Pretty far.
 Over there?
 A month.
 A month?
 Bubble lasting a month.
 You're expecting pretty good facts.
 Well, it was 465 days.
 Really?
 Really.
 How many months?
 I don't know.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah, amazing.
 Was it made of different soap?
 See, the thing about this show is we will go into more details
 about the facts that we have written down,
 but the ones that came out of my head...
 Not necessarily.
 I think they came up with a new kind of polymer
 that they could use to make bubbles that just lasted way longer.
 So cool.
 And they kept it in, like, a box.
 Right.
 In a vacuum.
 They kept it in a vacuum so that nothing could...
 Pretty cool.
 I remembered a very pleasing fact during our...
 So we've just done a show.
 We just finished.
 We've had a break.
 And I was just looking through our archive.
 We've got this big fish archive that we checked
 so that we don't repeat facts and shows.
 And remembered this old fact,
 which is Dolly Parton has a theme park in America.
 I don't know if you've heard of it.
 It's called Dollywood.
 Right, Dollywood.
 OK, this is the most pleasing thing.
 What do you reckon the opening hours are of Dollywood?
 Everyone?
 10 to 6.
 10 to 6.
 What the fuck, Dolly?
 Can I give you another fact which is about theme parks?
 Yeah, yeah.
 OK, so there are some orb-weaving spiders.
 And you might know this about spiders.
 Sometimes when they're mating, the male will get eaten.
 Now, the orb-weaving spider, the male,
 will sometimes jump away as quickly as he can
 to get away from the female so he doesn't get eaten.
 I worked out that if humans managed to jump away
 with the same acceleration and velocity
 and proportioned it up,
 we would be able to have sex right here
 and be in Thorpe Park in one minute.
 Let's go!
 What a finale to the show tonight.
 You're not big enough for this ride, are you?
 So, last week we had a fact about hobby horses,
 and there's a fact which I never had a chance to say in that show,
 which is in the 18th century,
 the word "hobby horse" was a nickname for a penis,
 for sex, and for a prostitute.
 So you could hobby horse a hobby horse with your hobby horse.
 That's a superb fact.
 Do you know, Mike, one of my favourite facts that you've told me,
 which we've never done on the show, is to do with horses as well,
 which is you said that the...
 You know when you get Heinz tomato ketchup these days,
 and it's the squeezy bottle, so it just comes through the squeeze.
 OK. Do you remember telling me this? Oh, yeah, yeah.
 You said the guy who was inspired to invent that
 was...he got the inspiration when he was standing in a field one day
 in a farm, and he saw poo coming out of a horse's anus,
 and he thought, "Imaginative bottles are going to release it."
 In that...
 That is true.
 And tragically, he tried to mark it like squeezy horse shit.
 Yeah.
 Dan, I'm really sorry to do this. Yeah.
 I'm really sorry to everyone to do this.
 It will improve the show vastly as we go forward.
 I need to go for a wee. Oh, yeah, OK.
 Can I get our guest in there? Yeah, yeah, sure.
 Is James in a different hat?
 He's got a Mrs. Doubtfire, this whole thing.
 The guest didn't turn up. A bit of a situation.
 Don't worry, we're in control.
 So, I guess tonight is Mrs. Doubtfire.
 Can I just quickly check as well?
 Is my wife, did you make it in?
 Oh, a few. OK.
 Two people said, "Yes, interesting."
 Very interesting.
 Again, another Mrs. Doubtfire situation has kind of developed.
 They were bound to meet eventually.
 OK, so while James is going for a wee,
 let's bring out our guest so you can meet her.
 We're very excited. She's an old buddy of me and Andy's.
 We've been trying to get her onto the show for years.
 She hasn't been saying, "No, I've just forgot to press send on the tweet."
 And so, mentally, I've been trying to get her on the show for years.
 And we asked her and she said, "Yes, please welcome to the stage
 "our buddy, Lusanders, everybody!"
 Please welcome to the stage Rachel Parris, everybody!
 Sophie Duker, everyone!
 It is Hannah Fry.
 We are joined by Nerd Royalty.
 Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the stage Susie Dent.
 Susie Dent!
 Nerd Royalty.
 You are Nerd Royalty. Absolutely.
 I'm shaking a bit, weirdly.
 I think there's a difference between a nerd, a swat and a geek.
 Don't ask me, but I think there is a difference.
 Also, what do you think you are?
 I like to call myself a geek, but I think I'm a nerd.
 Oh, really fact-checking.
 At school, I was a twat. What's that?
 The etymology of twat.
 Well, OK, there are two versions.
 One is it comes from an old English word, "thwitan",
 meaning to cut off, meaning that a woman's genitals
 are the cut-off version of a man, which is no good.
 Or, you know, you have a twit and/or a twitchal for an alleyway.
 I don't have to explain any more than that.
 But they think it might come from that.
 A twit and/or a twitchal.
 Wow. Yeah. Anyway...
 If only when you were at school you had that combat.
 I mean, I had that on my fingertips.
 Do you want to hear a fact about numbers?
 Oh, yeah, yeah. OK, so the Burmese word for "one" is "tit",
 and the word for "eight" is "shit".
 So if you ever need to tell a Burmese person
 the number for directory inquiries,
 it's "tit, tit, shit, tit, tit, shit".
 That's amazing.
 Nice. Have you got one, Andy?
 There was one that we got sent in, but it was also a bit rude.
 So I don't want to give the impression that they're all rude,
 but my one is also rude.
 And it was sent in by someone with an amazing name.
 I don't even know how to say it. That one.
 Winone.
 Do you think so? Winona.
 No, no, that's the interesting thing. OK.
 This isn't even the fact. Winone.
 This is just the bit before the fact.
 Winone, Winone, Winone, Winone.
 Winone. I think it might be a title.
 Feeling hot, hot, hot.
 O-E-N-O-N-E.
 It's one, one, but anagrams of the words one and one, like, one, one.
 O-E-N-O-N-E. O-E-N-O-N-E.
 Winone. Yeah, yeah.
 Does anyone know how that name's pronounced?
 One, one.
 I don't think it's that. Anyway. OK.
 Her fact is that Alan Partridge is currently donating his semen
 to save a rare pony from extinction.
 Ah!
 And what it turns out is that there is a rare pony
 who has been named Alan Partridge.
 Aha!
 And that's the noise he makes as he makes the donation.
 Yeah, so that's just a great fact from a listener.
 Can I do one that's not quite so heartwarming?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 This is something I read this week.
 It is that if you heat a male bee up to 42 degrees for six hours,
 it will ejaculate itself to death.
 Oh! What?
 So don't do that.
 Wow.
 That's the fact... In nine years of doing a show,
 that's the fact I've known least how to respond to.
 Yeah!
 I'm just thinking, like, of a bee version of a Bond film.
 No, Mr. Bond.
 I expect you to. Around four o'clock this afternoon.
 You'll notice an empty seat here.
 If you're a regular listener to the show,
 Anna Tyshinsky is usually the fourth member of Fish,
 but she's been away.
 And so it's been a mixture of new people and old classics,
 some of the people who've been with us for ages.
 And tonight, we have someone who is with us on episode three
 of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 Yeah, they're an old classic.
 They are an old withered classic.
 Are you still going to come on?
 OK, he's still agreeing to come on.
 No, we're very excited to finally get to sit on stage with him.
 He is podcast royalty.
 He is the host of a show called You Are Dead To Me.
 He is, of course, Greg Jenner!
 Everybody!
 CHEERING AND APPLAUSE
 Old Greg.
 Old withered Greg.
 If only it weren't true, it is true.
 Honestly, I spent 100 quid on moisturiser today.
 I absolutely am owning it, the withered.
 I hate doing what I'm about to do, but I'm doing it anyway.
 You just told me a great fact before we came on stage.
 Your favourite fact, which is about Tom Hanks.
 Do you mind repeating it?
 So, I'm half French.
 My auntie Jacqueline lives in Paris,
 and whenever she mentions a Tom Hanks movie,
 she does it in her French accent,
 which means that she tells me about the latest Tom Hanks movie.
 Tom Hanks? I love Tom Hanks so much.
 It's such a good headline for him.
 He released a film that was a real stinker, you know, Tom Hanks.
 But they wouldn't know, because it wouldn't work,
 because they were in France, which is how you say his name.
 Roll a theme tune.
 Do you want to...? I'll give you a fact.
 So, this is one that I wanted to do for the show,
 but it got turned down by these guys.
 The fact is that Relivrio, which is a drug for ALS,
 which was part-funded thanks to the Ice Bucket Challenge,
 should always be taken with room temperature water.
 LAUGHTER
 I wish we hadn't rejected it now.
 That went way better than I thought it was going to be.
 Is it too late to swap tonight?
 Can I read out an email that we got recently?
 Yeah, sure. I sort of do the fish inbox, and it's great fun.
 And it's just to show, like, we have fans who really love the show,
 and thank you all for coming, and so on.
 So here's a nice message from a guy called Alex.
 "Can't recall guest author.
 "Good morning. Been listening to the podcast on and off
 "probably for the last six years.
 "I love it. I recall how you had a guest author on...
 "I would say in the last six months
 "who wrote a book on conspiracy theories.
 "I've been racking my brain and can't recall who it was and the book.
 "Any help would be appreciated. Keep up the good work."
 It's Dan's book.
 You had a guest on?
 Well, I can't promote my fucking book on my own show.
 - Wow. - You're a really good guest.
 Do you remember the... Yeah, do you remember?
 Yeah, well, you keep having me back. I'm really grateful.
 Nine years.
 So here's a fact I learned this week.
 In the 1800s, a dictionary was sometimes called a dick.
 So if you were the kind of person who used long words
 that you didn't really understand, someone might say to you,
 "Have you swallowed a dick?"
 - No. - Just useful if you ever go back in time.
 Yeah. OK, so, listen, we ought to do a show.
 So I think what we'll do is we'll bring our guest out for tonight.
 So Anna's away, and so every show since she's been away,
 we've been having a new guest, which is really exciting,
 and we're very excited to have our guest here tonight.
 She's a very good friend of us, the three of us.
 We've known her for ages.
 In fact, I was looking up a stat because we can tell stats
 through the place that hosts our podcast,
 and the number one most listened-to episode that we've ever done
 had our guest on from tonight, who is joining us tonight.
 Yeah, yeah. Do you know who wasn't on that episode?
 Yeah, this fucker.
 Anyway, she is one of the funniest people around.
 Please welcome to the stage one of the greatest fish guests
 we've ever had, Carrie-Ad Lloyd, everybody!
 It's Jamie Morton, everybody!
 Sally Phillips!
 Ella Alshamahi, everyone!
 It is Richard Osmar!
 Hello, everyone.
 Obviously, a lot of you haven't heard of Richard.
 He's, yeah, pointless and...
 Yeah, well, thank you.
 It's a pleasure to be here for two main reasons.
 Firstly, I'm a huge fan of the podcast, as you well know.
 Secondly, what a lovely opportunity for me to officially announce
 I'm doing strictly this year.
 I'm not really... Come on.
 Come on, everybody.
 Wow.
 You'd be amazing.
 Listen, I don't have time to do all the training
 and have the affair. I couldn't do it.
 LAUGHTER
 All right, we're going to record a podcast and then, yeah,
 and then we'll finish and Andy can go to bed.
 It's so slow. It's good, it's good.
 I'm just so impressed by all you guys.
 I just want to say thank you so much for coming to a show
 which starts at 9.45pm, because, like,
 I think you're all fucking vampires.
 I have no idea how you've done it.
 I'm so impressed.
 All right, let's do it. Let's start the show.
 So, let's roll theme tune.
 MUSIC
 ..
 ..
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
