 [Music]
 Welcome to Meet the Elves, your semi-regular bit of bonus material where we meet one of the
 QI researchers, the brains behind the TV show QI, where we all began our careers and today we are
 meeting Manu Ongrio. Hey, I'm so impressed, that was so so nearly perfect. Nearly perfect.
 For our practice before we hit record. Thank you, thank you. And Manu has brought in a question for
 us and she's going to tell us the question and we're going to spend around 20 minutes trying to
 answer the question and see where our conversation takes us in the meantime. So Manu why don't you
 give us your question. Okay, so my question today is what links daylight savings, orgasms
 and the International Space Station? Oh wow. What colour is the grass?
 Is this your first ever one of these? It is, yeah yeah yeah and I did not hone my wits well enough.
 Now can we pause and I'll research that for you. Okay let's look at the clues. We've got two space
 elements here I would say because daylight savings, the sun is in space. That's right, it is yes.
 And also you're saving a lot of day when you're traveling around the planet in the International
 Space Station. Well you see lots of sunsets and sunrises don't you? I do. I forgot the third one.
 You're constantly orgasming in space as the other thing. There's chat about whether anyone will
 ever have sex in space and there's a rumour that two astronauts have had sex on the International
 Space Station. That's true. Husband and wife. Not verified I don't think. I think it was debunked
 actually. I don't think they did. Yeah I think it was. Yeah but they would say wouldn't they?
 Is this an area of expertise for you, space? No not at all. I actually had to look up what
 daylight savings was properly before I did this question. What's your thing as an elf then because
 most elves have sex. Just constantly orgasming. I don't know about orgasms but I need to sound
 yeah clever. As an elf I actually so I studied humanities but I really really like zoology
 in our research so fish, love a bit of fish research and frogs. Is this a clue as well as to
 where we're going to go with the question? Absolutely not. Damn it I was hoping we would.
 Okay so it's not zoological orgasms. It's not an animal that orgasms. Is it human orgasms
 specifically? It's related to human orgasms. Okay related to in the way that we're related to
 lots of animals. It's just a quiz. I'm just trying to work out if you're sending us down wrong roads.
 Okay so what do we know about daylight savings times? Invented by William Willett.
 Who isn't he a oh I bet he's related to. It's called Willy. I found the orgasm link.
 Stop damning this down. I believe he's related. Isn't he related to someone famous? Oh Chris
 Martin from Coldplay. Yes that's right. Isn't he descended from one of the people who invented
 daylight savings? Yes because one of their songs is called Daylight Savings. Yeah clocks is paying
 homage. Sorry the video of the scientist he's going backwards all the way through it and that's
 because you put the clocks back don't you with daylight savings. Oh that's good. It's a reference
 to that I think. And what's the other thing that we have to link it to? Orgasms. Orgasms daylight
 saving and the International Space Station. I haven't linked it to either of the other two.
 I've just talked about Coldplay. Okay so daylight savings uh often kind of invented during the war
 I think to save people's. Wasn't it to get the farmers up earlier. Also Benjamin Franklin was
 well into it. Yes. I think uh happens in lots of countries. Britain being one of them. Okay here's
 a theory. The International Space Station was launched at the wrong time because the person
 who was meant to be at the space station to launch it was having an orgasm.
 Looked at the clock thought I can afford to have an orgasm. Did not realize it's.
 I have another question. Yes. Another of your specialties is food because we're currently
 working on a possible new food podcast which involves you. Is this question food related in
 any way? I wish it were. Oh it's not food related. It's not food related. Is it clocks can go backwards.
 Can cocks go backwards? So it does one part of the answer. It is to do with a disproportionate
 effect on men. Okay. But it's counter-intuitive. I'm just thinking people when they come back from
 space um often like they've lost quite a lot of muscle mass. Yeah. So they're shorter. I wonder
 if men are disproportionately affected or I think actually women are. Is it to do it's not to do with
 the ISS experience being affecting men. No. Does the lack of gravity affect your ability to ejaculate?
 I'm not sure. But it is related to a lack of gravity as well. I want to build some thinking
 time in the background here. Can I ask you how you became a QIL before I do that? Yeah for sure.
 So it actually involves Anna. Who does? Can blame her. I blame myself as well. It's a
 oh big mistake. So I used to listen. I listen to the podcast. Wow until I met you assholes.
 I used to enjoy that podcast. No I love working on it. Thank you. But yeah so I was really really
 into no such thing and I emailed Anna and was like I think can I steal your job or the email
 title was. I think that was a subject line yeah. Yeah it was very bold and a year later she emailed
 me back. Wow. That was actually a quick response time for me. Wow. Well I'm honoured. We're going to
 do a podcast at qi.com. You've got a job. Yeah that's pretty cool. That's pretty cool man. And it's been
 what two years? Almost three years? Yeah and you because you were a chef before weren't you? Yeah
 which was slightly less harrow now I'm joking. It was a lot more stressful that hours were insane
 but I always wanted to research. I actually did research after I was a chef and did a
 like ethnography on women in kitchens. I was going to say weren't you so traumatised by
 chefing that you went on to do an academic career and how bad it is. But it was fascinating though.
 I got to meet some really cool women and eat some really really good food. Give an example
 of a cool woman you met in that period. I met a woman who runs a Thai kitchen in South London
 and she trained under like I think the first Michelin star Thai chef in the world and she was
 amazing and her team was really small and they're all super sweet. I got taught how to make you know
 there's like dumplings that kind of shape like a semi circle like a moon. Like a gyoza kind of thing.
 Yeah yeah so I did that for ages. Wow very cool. Has that given you any time? Yeah I've used my
 time wisely and I actually think I've worked it out. Can't hit me. But I don't want to shoot
 my load too soon. Stop the podcast. I am actually going to have a genuine guess here. Is it that
 neither orgasms or daylight saving exist on the International Space Station? I can't say no.
 Oh okay so I'm not sure but that is quite far away from the answer. That's not the answer.
 That's not the answer. We're not in the territory. I am so sorry. Oh my god that's so clever for one
 second. I mean it probably can say orgasms exist on the International Space Station.
 But they're banned right? Are they? Well the sex is banned. I don't know if masturbation is
 sure they must be allowed to. I can't think you can ban masturbation in any job as long as it's.
 I wonder if officially no orgasm has ever happened in space. I've got
 I've got an idea. Yeah the ISS is like a joint project between the West and Russia
 and when I have sex with my wife it is also a joint.
 You're doing us all such a diplomatic favour.
 Is that the answer? No man it's not even dignifying us with a desert. I really want to say yes.
 I want to hear how you're going to loop Daylight Savings Time and Coldplay have written a song about us.
 Is it good? So is one of them related to a fact that we might know through QI?
 Daylight saving time causes accidents. Is it that? No. It's to be fair the Daylight Savings
 one is really mean. It does throw it throws the thing off. Okay focus on orgasms and the ISS.
 I think focusing on the body. So what it does to the body? Is it to do with like so the bit the G
 spot is the bit the body you orgasm through was named after a man the ISS. Oh that's interesting
 yeah. Has certain amount of Gs as in gravitational Gs. Yeah. Or is there a connective scientist who
 studied orgasms like is that yeah is there a scientist connected between orgasm research and
 the ISS? No. Okay that's not your answer anyway. I think you can zoom out of the ISS so it's not
 necessarily the International Space Station. Is it space? Space travel. Is it to do with time
 dilation so that when you travel quickly through space the amount of time that passes according to
 you is different to the person standing on the earth so time changes and when you have an orgasm
 it's almost like time stands still. We're learning so much about James in this sense.
 Sort of too much personal information I'm inferring from a lot of these comments.
 Can we get one more clue? One more clue. Oh wait hang on sorry I had a question about
 because I was thinking about space travel. Is it about spacesuits and like what you can do in a
 spacesuit and have people orgasmed like I know urinating in spacesuits is a thing.
 You know it's not about spacesuits. The space bit is quite broad. Okay. There are lots of
 reasons why space is involved. Okay so you mentioned the body that was a different clue earlier. So
 obviously space has effects on the body while you're in space. Daylight saving would have jet laggy
 kind of effects I think on this is to do with Venus fly traps. Wow. Never has a man been so close
 to an ulcer one second and yet so far away a second later. So hopeful. Why would you say that?
 Is that related to some clever thing about they said the Venus fly trap into space in it?
 I was just thinking about jet lag that plants get when they fly and then I thought okay we're
 thinking in terms of animal orgasms here but obviously plants orgasm too. No I think you were
 really I felt like Dan was close. It's just that as Dan was talking Manu was her eyes were opening
 like you're getting there you're getting there and then he said Venus fly trap and it was suddenly
 just disappointment is what I would say. I'm going to run with some things that Dan said. Cool.
 Venus fly trap. So other it's a picture plant. No is it about the effect that things have on your
 body like I can't imagine daylight savings causes a laggy kind of effect. Orgasms do you get like
 a sort of a feeling of innovation after an orgasm? You also get rhinitis. Rhinitis is
 like a blocked nose you can get after an orgasm. Oh so you're getting very close. Well they make
 you blind so is it about that? What? Yeah orgasms they're tiny blind don't they? That's the only
 masturbating I suppose but I did in our research for the podcast today I was reading a like early
 19th century thing because you know how you you know boys are always told if you masturbate too
 much you'll go blind and I read it in like an early 19th century tract that's how long people
 have been being told it for that you'll go blind if you masturbate yeah so maybe it is true.
 So are we talking about illnesses that can be caused through perhaps orgasms and perhaps being
 in space? Yes. Ah okay and it's not blocked that stuffy noses. It's very like anatomically very
 close. Was this part of so there were two twins that were experimented on in terms of seeing how
 the body changes Scott Kelly was the astronaut and his brother yeah and they worked out a few
 things one of the brothers got taller than the other when they came back down one was younger
 by a couple milliseconds as a result of time dilation of going around the planet
 and one would have boiling hot orgasms. Only in autumn and spring. Yes. Is it to do with that
 experiment? So it's going to be something to do with something that's anatomically close to your
 nose so I'm going to go sinuses. I mean I feel like you're getting closer. It is? Brain? Brain?
 Was that the orgasm press? The weirdest when Harry met Sally. Redux. I probably won't have what
 she's having actually. You are pretty bang on I think. Okay your brain shrinks, your brain grows,
 your brain stays exactly the same volume. What else could your brain do apart from shrinking?
 Get more cells, get hotter, harder, get colder, turn into a weird shape. I really just want to
 say dehydrate. Oh that's also related. Dehydrate. But it's related to that's actually one of the
 things I could have put in this list as well. More great matter, more one matter. What does
 dehydration do to you? It makes you thirsty. Yes. Gives you headaches. Exactly. Oh my god.
 You've got to stop agreeing with me when I say stuff as if I'm on the right track.
 But you just look so hopeful. I don't want to say no. All right so what is it you... So
 daylight saving time, the ISS and orgasms and this question will give you headaches.
 So daylight savings will give you headaches. So why does daylight savings give you a headache?
 Well this is why I said it's quite mean. So there's a paper in the 80s, some researchers found cluster
 headaches and migraines are more likely to happen around the longest and shortest days of the year
 particularly when the clocks change because it kind of puts your biological clock out of rhythm
 and they're not entirely sure what caused it. Are you sure it's not people going
 hang on what time is it? No hold on. Has it gone back or forward? I can't you know and that's that's
 a headache. That is a big headache. But yeah so daylight savings causes headaches and then sex,
 sexual headaches is a massive thing. Lots of articles. We both know that we're always lying about that.
 Stop. You're not supposed to say. I can't believe you've gone as far as to claim it's true here.
 One paper in the 80s. Listen to the podcast. Look it's in the podcast. There's a question about it.
 But yeah no. You get a headache when you've orgasms. Yeah so the international headache
 society has classed two main types. So you have type one which is pressure like and it gradually
 increases with mounting sexual excitement and then type two which is explosive and can appear
 just before or at the moment of orgasm. Is it blood pressure related do we think? We think so.
 They're again not entirely sure. We're not actually like a hundred percent sure what causes headaches
 like on a kind of biological neurobiological level. That's interesting actually. There's no pain
 receptors in your brain. It's bonkers. So yeah that's the sexual headache. What's really interesting
 is that the classic presentation so the people that are most likely to get a sexual headache
 are old middle aged white men. Really? Thank you for not looking at me or James when you said that.
 Looked at the chair. She closed her eyes. Yeah and then space loads of things in space
 can cause headaches apparently. You have a lot of stress a lot of noise pollution. Sometimes when
 the air vent opens and all the oxygen disappears from the space station. Yeah that all slight
 headache as well. But my favorite one is something that astronauts call puffy face bird legs which
 is basically takes a few days for the water in your body to kind of regulate after you've reached
 space because normally on earth it's all pulled down in your legs and when you get up it kind of
 like travels all over your body and your head swells up. So your legs get really skinny and your
 head gets massive and that pressure can cause a headache. Oh wow. You know when you see aliens
 damn. Yes they kind of had spindly legs and big heads. That's why. That's why. Well remember
 Andy did a whole thing when we did our live show his first half showed the future impressions of
 what humans would be like if we went into space and kept evolving as a space faring species.
 Our legs become redundant they're just we're just torsos and because you don't need them in
 space in with lack of gravity your hands are fine that's enough. But we're going to be on the planet.
 I don't think the aim is to just hurt us all out into space and let's float around. Well it's not
 the idea that we pop onto another planet. We don't have many planets so you know it might be
 possible that a space station like the like you know Star Trek they should Captain Kirk should
 have had no legs. It is the idea. But you know when you watch Star Trek and they're not floating around.
 Yeah they were. It feels like they need the legs for the walking. Also they beam down to planets all
 the time in Star Trek. Andy's not here to back you up either isn't it. Can I ask you've been here
 two years now do you have a memorable question that you got onto QI because I feel like that might
 have not made it. Excuse me this was this was my shot purely in the complication because for us we
 had half you know we've got a long time you were trying to fool us really you know you're trying
 to fool the elves. I think maybe to do with um tools. I think that was in my first ever script.
 Oh yeah. Oh really. It's something to do with the lesbian rule I quite like. Yeah what's a lesbian rule.
 Yeah yeah. I associate you your first script with it being quite a sexy script actually. I'm sure
 there are a couple of orgasms involved. Only when you read it. Yeah. And also you often get in touch
 with academics and stuff like that for QI. Yes. You're the person who mostly is our attachment
 to whenever we want to speak to an academic you get in touch with them. That's cool that's always
 the most fun thing. It is my favorite thing. Meeting our people behind the fence. Actually Dan
 used to do that. Yeah I was going to say Manu's the new you really. I've got the glasses and everything.
 What was the one on taste who's that really great guy who researched his taste? Charles Spence.
 Absolute dude. Yeah he's very cool. What was it we were researching at the time? So we were looking
 at kind of taste illusions. Um but he's got a really interesting job title that I can't remember
 off the top of my head now but he basically looks at like multi-sensory uh what's the in its
 synesthesia. Yeah yeah um but with like taste and flavor and the weights of things and how that
 affects. Yeah that old thing that like a hot chocolate tastes nicer if it's drunk out of an
 orange cup. Exactly. That is all his wheelhouse isn't it? He works with Heston, Blumenthal doesn't he?
 Right what was he contacted for for QI? Um yeah just because we were doing like a whole bunch
 of research on taste but then we ended up doing an experiment where we played different kinds of
 music and ate different chocolates and one kind of music made the chocolate sweeter. Really? Oh wow
 that is so interesting. Was it classical and metal music I think or something like that? Yeah like
 kind of gentle melodic versus like really spiky and horrible. Yeah it was super cool. It was really
 fun. It was, we got to eat loads of chocolate. Okay well thank you very much Anu for joining us um
 we'll see you again hopefully soon on This Meet the Elf. Can people find you on social media or not?
 Uh no unfortunately I'm very bad at social. No that's fine. Can you give your physical address
 then? That's fine. That's fine. Send me a letter. And the rest of us with Andy will be back again
 for a new piece of bonus material I suppose in two weeks time. That's right. Okay goodbye.
 So hi.
