 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Things as a Fish, where we were joined in the Soho Theatre London by the
 incredible Sally Phillips.
 Now a lot of you will be excited by that, I'm sure because Sally has been on the podcast a couple of times now and she is so funny.
 She is just one of us really. She loves doing the research. She loves facts.
 Just for anyone who doesn't know who Sally is, she is basically the doyen of
 British comedy over the last however many years. She was in Smack the Pony, she was in Alan Partridge,
 she played the Prime Minister of Finland in Veep.
 I mean, she's been in everything. You know who Sally Phillips is. You're really going to enjoy this show.
 I don't really have much more to say, so I might as well quickly say don't forget to join Club Fish.
 If you want to, go to notionsthingasofish.com/patreon or notionsthingasofish.com/apple if you want to do that.
 Loads of bonus material, ad-free episodes, all sorts of stuff on there. A few weeks ago,
 we gave away a cabbage patch doll and actually that reminds me,
 once you've listened to this show, do go on to our various social medias because you will be able to see
 a couple of props that were used in this show. I'm sure we'll post them up, so definitely go and check those out because they're absolutely brilliant.
 Look, I don't want to use up any more of your time. I'm just going to say on with the podcast!
 [Music]
 Oh, nice!
 Hello and welcome to another episode and no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast this week!
 Coming to you live from Soho Theatre!
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and Sally Phillips.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Sally.
 So, I was entranced by the Finnish Hobby Horse Championships that was doing the round on Twitter and also I was in Finland when they were being held, unfortunately didn't make it.
 But my fact is that the world's best hobby horse jumper can jump high enough to theoretically clear the first two jumps in the Grand National.
 It's amazing how many of you saw it. It was really amazing. The Hobby Horse Championships, it's mainly girls between 11 and 18 there.
 Okay, and is it one?
 You can't afford a wheel horse.
 It's on BBC One, like where are they?
 The girls are horribly bullied by their compatriots for being into, yeah, there was a film called Hobby Horse Revolution.
 2019. It's a big thing, it's like once you look into it, and it is some boys but mainly girls and some adult women,
 but I think that's a bit strange. They often go into Woodland and do it in secret.
 So they don't give away their moves or?
 No, so they don't get attacked.
 And they start off, most people make their own hobby horses because a pro hobby horse costs about 300 euros.
 And the bridle is...
 We're talking about the stick with the head of the horse.
 Yeah, so it's the realism that's the expansiveness, is it?
 Or are they like, is it like Nimbus 2000.
 I don't know, I don't know, but my partner and I, because we knew this was live and we love the show very much,
 this afternoon spent a full 15 minutes each making everyone a hobby horse.
 What?
 No way.
 What?
 Oh my God.
 What?
 So Andy, for the people who can't see this, for the people who can't see this, bad luck because it's indescribable.
 It is incredible.
 This is amazing.
 Yours does look a tiny bit like a bad date night, girls.
 Mine is, it's a very colourful sock, which is stuffed and it has a mop hair and some eyes.
 And yeah, I love it.
 And yours?
 Thank you so much.
 Mine is ultra realistic, I would say. This is a horse.
 Yeah, mine slightly looks like he ran out of materials and gave up.
 Yours is very cool, it's very kind of like space horse.
 Mine's very space, like a glam rock, sort of, this hair is like very, let's zeppelin for the year three.
 I'd say I did that one, I'm quite pleased with that one.
 And this one's made out of bandages, a planta and it's got radishes for eyes.
 Oh wow, this is incredible, this is incredible.
 Well, I thought, I mean, I kind of thought we could maybe have a go, but that would be too embarrassing, wouldn't it?
 Well, maybe we should get the audience to have a go, do a bit of dressage.
 Because what would happen is there would be loads of different disciplines.
 Everyone's putting it down, don't make me do it, don't make me do it.
 I'm a geek, I don't like physical action.
 Yeah, they do show jumping, they do puissance,
 which is the only time you're allowed to run at a jump with, you're allowed to run at it rather than canter.
 And yeah, that is the one where they've jumped a whole Peter Dinklage.
 Oh, is that how tall Peter is?
 Four foot seven inches, four foot seven inches.
 But there's also, you know, show jumping, they do,
 the international is 80 centimetres, the jumps.
 But the fins so dominate that their jumps are one metre, 10 centimetres.
 Wow.
 So 10,000 hobby horses in Finland, in Finland alone.
 That's incredible.
 But it's spreading, it's a reason I don't know.
 But is there a reason it hasn't got further or that it's so finished?
 It's got quite far.
 Right, okay.
 It has actually got quite, it's got so much further than you'd think.
 All the Nordic nations, Canada, Ukraine.
 Yeah, yeah, it's in so many places, but sometimes it's...
 It's quite northern, isn't it?
 It's quite a north, northern Europe and Canada,
 like places where you have long, dark nights with not much else to do.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Well, you say that, you say that.
 But I mean, at least they're nice to the horses in the Nordic nations,
 whereas our pretend horses have a dark, dark history.
 Right.
 I'm talking about the...
 None of you came across that, the Padstow, Obi-Wanstow.
 Oh, the Obi-Wanstow.
 Yeah, but the scariest one is in Wales.
 In Wales, they use real horse skulls on a stick.
 Really?
 Yeah, we're...
 This isn't teenage girls doing it, though, is it?
 Well, the video I saw...
 It's like ghost horse.
 Elderly man, go with some friends,
 goes to the door of someone's house,
 and then sings quite a scary song in Welsh.
 And if you cannot finish the song inside the house,
 they force their way in.
 Okay.
 And there's a lot of chasing girls with horses and...
 It's all sort of strange folky rituals, isn't it?
 Very strange folky rituals, yeah.
 But there are loads of these rituals all over the place.
 Yeah, it's all over the place.
 Okay, there's the...
 You said Padstow, which is another one.
 There's the Hoden horse in Ken.
 Did you see the Padstow?
 Did you look at that online?
 Yeah, I did.
 It doesn't look...
 I mean, it's really bizarre.
 It looks like a grand piano.
 Oh, really?
 But with a tail and things sticking out the front,
 then they sort of rock it.
 Yeah, they're kind of a bit rich.
 Very strange.
 Is this where the pantomime horse comes from?
 No.
 Because these are really weird sort of ritual,
 fertility things, but it's nothing to do with the pantomime.
 No, nothing to do with the pantomime horse.
 Maybe a bit.
 Well, no, it's really strange.
 It's the Lord of Misrules.
 So it's the spirit of...
 Well, that's what Google told me.
 Well, what is it?
 I'm talking like I've got...
 What is the pantomime horse?
 But a kind of, you know, that's a sort of misrule thing,
 isn't it?
 You know, it's unnatural.
 The pantomime horse.
 It's weird.
 Yes, so...
 Who's in the front? Who's in the back?
 Yeah.
 No?
 No one...
 Yeah, I always feel that's the...
 You would get on really well with Kate Beckinsale.
 Did you see this?
 Oh, really?
 She travels with the pantomime horse everywhere.
 She does.
 Yeah.
 And she reckons it's like really good.
 Well, it kind of calms her down as she's stressed.
 Wait, sorry, with people in it?
 Well, does she...?
 Like an emotional support animal.
 She brings the costume around,
 and then if she's got a bit of downtime,
 then she'll get in it and she'll find someone else
 to get in it with her.
 And it's just a nice way of calming down, relaxing and...
 Yes, very normal.
 I think the biggest problem on the sort of a PR level
 is that no matter how you try and spin it,
 it always sounds nuts when you say the thing
 you're actually doing with hobby horsing.
 Like, I found a quote from someone who said,
 "People assume that it's a game
 or that we are more or less crazy,"
 said Chairwoman of the Finnish Stick Horse Enthusiast Association.
 You're never going to make it past the description, are you?
 It's a hard thing.
 But it sounds like an amazing...
 I genuinely think, you know, people always talk about
 at the Olympics, like, why not have someone in the 100 meters
 who's just a citizen who's just running alongside
 and you can really see how fast they're going,
 having a 12-year-old girl at the Grand National,
 make the first two and just stack it
 head first until the third.
 That would be amazing.
 Actually, imagine you had a pantomime horse,
 the fastest pantomime horse in the world.
 Yeah.
 And they are in the 100 meters.
 You know it's a person, right?
 Well, two people, and they're in the 100 meters
 in the first-ever Olympics.
 Yeah.
 Where do you think they would finish?
 So, in the first ever...
 The first-ever Olympics 100 meters race,
 you've got the two fastest current pantomime horse people.
 Yeah.
 Where would they finish in the race?
 Because people did run a bit slower, didn't they,
 in the first Olympics?
 Yeah, but they didn't have a pantomime horse costume on.
 Why? I just...
 Well, the first Olympics, that was Greece.
 It was just, like, ancient Greece.
 Oh, no, sorry, in 1996.
 The first modern Olympics.
 Right, first modern.
 Just shoes were less good then, and they hadn't...
 You know...
 Maybe someone died in the right race.
 Oh, OK.
 Honestly, it's just a straight-up question.
 I'm going to say bronze.
 I'm going to say bronze.
 But, no, no, I'm going to say silver and bronze,
 because they count as two people.
 Very clever. Very clever.
 Yeah.
 I'm going to say gold.
 No, well, Dan is right.
 They would have got silver.
 The fastest is 12.045 seconds for 100 meters,
 and that wouldn't quite have gotten gold in the first Olympics,
 but it would have been the second place.
 Does the nose of the person in the back of the pantomime horse
 have to get over the line?
 No, no, OK.
 OK.
 Just the front.
 That's amazing.
 Can I go back to hobby-horsing,
 just because it's one fact I'm just so desperate to share?
 Yeah.
 One of the rules of the hobby-horse competition
 is that only stallions and mares can take part
 and geldings are banned.
 Gelding.
 Gelding being a...
 What have you made of that?
 A muted young horse.
 Where are the testicles on this thing?
 Well, that's what I mean.
 They're all geldings.
 That's what I mean.
 Yeah, well, exactly.
 That's bizarre, isn't it?
 But that's in the rules.
 That's amazing.
 Incredible.
 Pantomime horses.
 I mean, that is the worst ever job.
 Have you ever done that?
 No, I've never done that.
 I've never done that.
 I've never done that.
 There were some pantomimes that sometimes used real horses.
 Right.
 Because John Barrowman was thrown 20 foot off by one.
 They supposedly trained horses, they threw him off.
 In Glasgow in 2013.
 And there was a...
 Paul O'Grady always used to tell a story
 about being in a panto with a trained horse
 that he had to get into bed with him.
 He used to follow him around.
 He was playing the fairy godmother in Cinderella.
 He used to follow him around the stage with a massive erection.
 And he couldn't...
 He couldn't say anything because there was loads and loads of kids.
 And they're all going, "It's behind you!"
 Oh, wow.
 Good grief.
 That's pretty good.
 Here's the thing about real horses now.
 Yeah.
 If you...
 I don't think we've said this before.
 If you frown at a horse and then go away and then come back,
 it will remember and be a bit more...
 James is doing some stunt work for the people listening at home.
 It'll remember that you frown at home.
 It'll remember that you frown at home.
 But also if you smile at a horse and then go away,
 it will think, "Oh, there he is."
 The horse remembers you frowned.
 How is it then passing that data on?
 Exactly.
 So it's bizarre.
 It's which eye it looks at you with.
 Oh.
 So horses look at negative or threatening sites with their left eye
 and positive ones with their right eye.
 Really?
 So if you come back, you know what the horse thinks of you,
 depending on which eye it looks at you with.
 That's really interesting.
 So horses understand human facial expressions.
 Yeah.
 It's interesting because a lot of animals, if you smile at them,
 they'll see the teeth and they think you're being aggressive,
 for instance.
 Right.
 So interesting.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Do you know that it was illegal to dress up as a horse in Scotland
 in the 7th century?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 In fact, it was forbidden for any man to dress as a horse
 or a wild beast and dance anti-clockwise during January.
 Yeah.
 It was demonic.
 Well, that's the thing about dressing up as an animal
 was to let your demonic side out.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 It was seen as very anti-Catholic and stuff.
 St Augustine wrote that anyone carrying on that most filthy
 practice of dressing like a horse should be punished most severely.
 Oh, wow.
 But as soon as the 1st of February hits, knock yourself out.
 We're doing No Horse January this year again.
 That's fine.
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that this June of 2023, the 6 millionth,
 666,666 English language Wikipedia article was created.
 And that page was an entry for SatanCon.
 Ooh.
 Yeah.
 You've got to imagine, obviously, that they were aiming to land that.
 But that's really hard, right?
 So SatanCon being--
 Is that like Comic-Con but with devils?
 It pretty much is.
 Yeah, it's set up by the Satanic Temple, who are a non-theistic
 organization, and they have this annual convention.
 It was in Boston this year.
 It was on April 28th, which is my birthday.
 So that's very exciting.
 Congratulations.
 Thank you very much.
 It's quite new, SatanCon.
 I think it's only been held twice, I think.
 So this year was in Boston at the Boston Marriott Hotel.
 So good on the Marriott, because you would think,
 oh, maybe there'll be a reputational concern if we host SatanCon.
 But they said, no, you come and have the conference here.
 And I think that's really good.
 Because, no, but the first one got lots of placards
 and it got lots of protests outside SatanCon 1,
 you know, in 2022, denouncing Satan and this sort of thing.
 Even though the Satanic Temple, they don't believe in Satan.
 They don't--
 They say they lie.
 That's the point.
 That is the point of Satan.
 Yeah, really good point.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that's worry.
 Because they do run Satan Afterschool Clubs.
 And I was thinking of my kids.
 And even if they--
 Even if they don't believe in Satan,
 they're not helping themselves by calling themselves
 the Satanic Temple, are they?
 No.
 They're sort of more of a free speech organization, really.
 That's what they say, Andy.
 But no, you're right.
 It's all such a good point.
 You're being sucked in.
 Oh, God, I've fallen right for it.
 Satan Prince of Lies, that's his name.
 Why did I get this pentagram tattooed on my back?
 [LAUGHTER]
 They use the proper Latin greeting instead of saying Hail Satan,
 who they don't believe in.
 I'm really on the temple side.
 They say Ave Satana.
 What's that mean?
 Hail Satan.
 Hail Satan.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 But it scans the same as have a banana, which I really like.
 Ave Satana.
 That's how you can remember it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I like it.
 I think they're good.
 Oh, do you?
 Yeah, they're kind of rationalistic.
 Well, there's a few of them around down there who claim to not be
 interested in Satan, but are called the Church of Satan or whatever.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And a lot of them are like just trying to take the piss out
 of the government, out of the church, out of all that kind of stuff.
 Yeah.
 In lockdown, I started presenting a religious program
 on Sunday mornings called Sunday Morning Live.
 And we, under the BBC, had to interview every religion
 that's recognized as a religion.
 Oh.
 I didn't actually do it, but they interviewed the Satanists.
 Really?
 After--
 Oh.
 Is that like a proper religion then in the UK?
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Yeah, Wiccan.
 Wiccan, yeah.
 And the lady who came, I didn't talk to her, actually,
 but she came.
 She'd been up all night.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Doing what?
 In the woods with her horse?
 Having satanic sex in the woods.
 No.
 Basically, yeah.
 And the big issue for Sunday Morning Live was that she wasn't wearing a bra
 and you could see really--
 see her nipples really, really clearly.
 Oh, wait.
 Was it radio or TV?
 TV.
 Or three of TV.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So it's like, how are we going to--
 Why would that story be relevant if it was radio, Andy?
 [LAUGHTER]
 How are we going to gaffotate the witches' nips?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wow.
 So the Wiccan thing is a bit different, yeah.
 Was she satanic?
 Like, did you feel that she was pushing the Satan?
 I didn't particularly talk to her, no.
 I think they-- yeah, no.
 No, I don't-- no, I don't think so.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I mean, I didn't talk to--
 I don't know what happened, but it's like, whatever spell she put on you,
 it just suddenly kicked in.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Honestly, I'm a bit scared of witches and Satan.
 Yeah.
 So is David Bowie, so it's fine.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He was once exercised.
 He got someone to do spells of protection.
 Right.
 Well, he used to collect his urine and little bottles, kind of like how Hugh Hefner
 did, because he was worried that witches were going to steal them
 and do black magic with them.
 Oh, no.
 But he would collect all of it.
 What do you mean?
 He kind of collected all of his urine and bottles to prevent theft.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because that's such an unsustainable--
 I mean, I know he was rich.
 I know he was like a wealthy guy.
 If someone had enough money for jars to sustain every passing of urine--
 Imagine how much it would fetch now.
 And I absolutely would buy some of it.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, of course.
 But I also think, like, if you just piss it down the toilet,
 that's probably safer than keeping it in bottles in your house.
 That's so much safer.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it must be, right?
 Because once you've got it in bottles, people--
 No, but you're forgetting about filming trailers.
 Because--
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, and filming-- because there was-- I think I might have made this up.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But I feel like there was an issue of people going to Justin Timberlake's
 filming trailer and trying to steal his turrets out there.
 Oh, because it's held in a tank.
 Yeah, yeah, of course, yeah.
 No.
 Did I dream that?
 [LAUGHTER]
 That would be so worrying if I did.
 I feel that was a thing, then.
 And what were they going to do with it?
 Were they going to clone it?
 eBay?
 All right.
 No, no, just use it and use it for spells, I guess, was his--
 we've got to remember that this is a guy who was so coked off his head
 that he was collecting in his own piss in bottles.
 I don't think there was logic to his reasoning.
 I think he just was scared of a--
 But there is a whole thing of collecting, you know, hairs and stuff,
 isn't there?
 Well, yeah, I mean, so that's a thing.
 So Yoko Ono used to be seen as someone that potentially--
 you know, she had an album called Yes, I Am a Witch
 because she was presented as someone who might be a witch.
 And she bought a single mustache hair off of Salvador Dali.
 She paid him for it, and he sent it over in a box.
 And years later, it was revealed by the partner of Salvador Dali
 that he was so scared that she was going to use it for witchcraft
 that he ended up sending a painted bit of a blade of grass
 that he picked from his lawn.
 But she never noticed, according to the story.
 But he was petrified that Yoko Ono--
 Yeah, well, there was the whole satanic panic, wasn't there?
 Was it '70s and '80s?
 Were they thought McDonald's were haunted?
 Possessed?
 McDonald's?
 No, the whole satanic panic where--
 McDonald's got a letter from a woman in Ohio
 asking why the owner, Ray Crock,
 was a financial supporter of the Church of Satan.
 And it was a rumor that just spread--
 she said she'd seen him on the Phil Donahue show
 saying he supported the Church of Satan.
 And he hadn't said that.
 But she told her pastor, and her pastor put it in the church's newsletter,
 which was called Moments of Sunshine.
 And very quickly, that spread across America
 via church newsletters.
 So McDonald's had to send executives out to these churches
 with sworn statements insisting that Crock never said those things.
 It was a real panic, wasn't it?
 And the expert on it these days is a guy called Dr. David Frankfurter.
 And what he thinks is it was basically like a sort of a loop
 where you would have these evangelical Christians saying,
 "This is happening."
 And then people were using hypnotic regression techniques
 to try and remember things that they supposedly suppressed in their lives.
 And then really what they would do is kind of say
 what the hypnotists wanted them to say.
 You just had this kind of feedback loop
 that eventually there was, in theory, in some of the newspapers they were saying,
 there were thousands of these Satanists around America doing this.
 Yeah.
 I've got a fact for you.
 Okay.
 In 2021, in the UK, more babies were named Lucifer than Nigel.
 Do you have the numbers? Do we know how many?
 15 Lucifers?
 Yeah.
 No more than two Nigels.
 No!
 Oh, my word.
 It doesn't appear on the list.
 You know that thing where if there are under three,
 they don't say how many there are.
 And do we think that it's because Nigel is associated with evil these days?
 [LAUGHTER]
 Did you come across a thing of 666, though?
 Yeah.
 So I'd always thought that 666, the number of the beast,
 was about the number of perfection being seven,
 and so six being imperfection.
 That's what I thought it was.
 But then, today, I discovered that there's a thing called isosephi,
 which is letters equivalent to numbers.
 And apparently, this was very, very common in 1st and 2nd century CE.
 So you would quite often refer to people with a number.
 So a joke was, by Seatonius, a calculation knew Nero his mother slew.
 And in this case, the emperor Nero equals 1005,
 which is the same value as the phrase his mother slew.
 And apparently, most people think if you say 666, it stands for seasonero.
 So in some early versions of the Bible, in Revelations from Revelations 13,
 the Latin version has the numbers being 616.
 Right.
 And that's because in Latin, Nero is 616, not 666.
 And the reason we think that is because Revelation was written by very early Christians.
 It's one of the earliest of the New Testament books.
 And really, they were just being persecuted by Nero, so they saw him as the devil.
 But he was actually a good guy.
 Well, I wouldn't go quite that far.
 I mean, it depends what side you're on.
 If you're on Nero's side, he's a great guy.
 He used to drink an energy drink that was made by soaking roasted dung in vinegar.
 But that's still how they, that's Red Bull, that is.
 Now that's Steven Seagal's energy drink.
 Have you seen those adverts?
 Oh, yeah.
 They're unbelievable.
 I've not seen the ads.
 You've got to see the ads.
 What are they called?
 You've got to see the ads.
 What's it called?
 I can't remember.
 I used to drink it all the time.
 Steven, what?
 Yeah, I don't know why.
 Why?
 I went through a period.
 Well, my local corner shop just stocked things like Marley's Mellow Mood,
 which was a Bob Marley energy drink, but it was sort of an opposite.
 What?
 A Bob Marley energy drink.
 Yeah.
 It was a sort of Bob Marley anti-energy drink.
 And it said on the side, "Whatever you do, don't drive a truck after two of these."
 This store, it had all the collection of every celebrity's weird...
 What's amazing, Dan, is that this was at the end of your street.
 You would be the only person in the world who would buy this stuff.
 Yeah, exactly.
 They probably only...
 They were like, "Oh, we accidentally ordered this one time."
 "Oh, it's selling every week for this one guy."
 Let's keep getting it.
 It was really powerful, his drink.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, the Steven Seagal one.
 It's the most misogynistic advert I've ever seen.
 Oh, really?
 And he's not even bothered to turn up.
 You just have to watch it.
 Okay, that wasn't on the can.
 It's awful.
 It's in there.
 I can't believe I was the sole funder of that ad.
 It is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that roughly 3% of our entire planet is called Jason.
 How much is called Nigel?
 I'm shrinking about it.
 Yeah, so this is an amazing...
 Okay, this is amazing, right?
 Now, this is not 3% of all people on the planet are called Jason, right?
 This is 3% of the Earth itself is named Jason.
 By whom?
 By...
 Jason?
 By geologists and seismologists.
 So they're...
 Okay, this is a bit technical, but there are these two mysterious...
 Sound like Dan when I read this out.
 There are these mysterious structures inside the Earth, right?
 There are two of them, okay?
 And they are these massive blobs.
 They're called LLSVPs, large, low shear velocity provinces, right?
 Now, there's one beneath Africa and there's one under the Pacific.
 And that's obviously a very technical name for them.
 And they're not very well known about.
 They're not very well researched because they are where the mantle of the Earth meets the core of the Earth, okay?
 So the Earth goes crust, not very much.
 Mantle, quite a bit.
 Core, quite a bit more.
 And they're at the junction point between the mantle and the core.
 So they're really hard to research.
 And the researchers have named them Tuzo and Jason.
 They are billions of years old and between them they are...
 Both blocs.
 That's true.
 They're named after two geological scientists.
 So they are, yeah.
 And we don't know what they are.
 They might be offcuts from another planet, which is exciting.
 There's a theoretical planet called Thea from four and a half billion years ago,
 which might have crashed into Earth and might have been subsumed.
 That's possible.
 Right.
 Yeah, we don't know exactly what they are.
 But they are incredible and they're there.
 And this...
 I don't know why I'm having to justify their existence.
 This is proper...
 I just spent 15 minutes talking about Satan.
 These are real geological structures in the planet.
 They're awesome.
 No, yeah, it was wonderful.
 Why aren't you more excited?
 In all honesty, it's because an eBay auction came up on my phone
 saying you got three minutes to bid, so I suddenly was focused on that.
 Are you joking?
 I didn't bid in the end.
 How much was it for that swimming pool of David Bowie's bottled urine?
 Are we saying that there's...
 Because the description I read is that it's...
 There's mountains there that are taller than Mount Everest.
 Yes.
 But what does that mean?
 It's not the Hollow Earth we're talking about, right?
 There's no space around the mountains.
 Oh!
 It's just different rock that might have been this other mystery planet.
 Yeah, in fact, near Jason and Tuzo, there are these enormous mega mountains
 and they're at that junction point as well.
 They are called ultra low velocity zones and it's this weird boundary zone.
 I did read something, I can't get my head around this.
 Scientists claim that the gap between the core and the mantle
 is bigger than the change between rock and air.
 No, I can't understand that.
 It's because of the high pressure, right?
 Right, yeah, yeah.
 That is amazing.
 And they're only found because scientists can track earthquakes through the Earth
 and you spot where the reverberations, how long they take to get through the Earth
 and you can build up a profile very slowly and carefully
 of what the different structures are based on how fast waves travel.
 This is just news to me that...
 Right.
 Because last time I did geography, I was a child
 and I thought it was...
 Then there was magma.
 The mantle is much more fluid and then there's an outer liquid core in it in a solid core.
 So, yeah.
 There's space around Jason.
 No, that was me.
 There's no space at all.
 There's no space at all.
 So in what sense is Jason a mountain?
 It's a different type of rock.
 You've got the sort of quite liquid mantle
 but you've got much more solid rock, which is this Jason stuff, is that right?
 That's right, yeah, yeah.
 But I think it's really interesting that these are named after blokes
 because actually quite a lot of this science was done by women.
 Right, so a...
 Sorry, did you say you were surprised?
 Yeah, it's so weird.
 It's so weird.
 Everything else has happened in history.
 It's bizarre.
 One person, for instance, Inga Lehmann,
 she was the first to work out that the Earth had a solid core.
 And what it was, again, it's like the vibrations going through the Earth
 and they realised there must have been a core there
 because the vibrations would come after an earthquake
 and then if you were exactly opposite the earthquake, you wouldn't see them.
 And so there must have been something liquid there.
 But actually, she noticed that if you looked at seismographs,
 there were really, really tiny amounts of vibrations.
 So it wasn't completely dark.
 And what she realised was that this was because there was also a solid core
 inside the liquid core.
 But they all thought that, you know, she must be wrong
 and it must have been like a discrepancy in the seismographs.
 The seismographs must be wrong
 because this woman can't possibly be right that there's an extra core in there.
 But it turned out like in 1970.
 I think she was still alive.
 But we found out, yeah, we found out that it was true.
 Wow. Amazing.
 So I've got a couple of things on Jason Statham.
 Me too.
 I don't know, is it like a sandwich you got from your local shop?
 I was just looking into notable Jason's
 because I thought that's the territory.
 Are you joking?
 I've got eight pages of dense geological data.
 Jason Statham is in Meg too.
 He's massive.
 Yeah, he is. He's incredible.
 So he was filming Expendables 3, I think it was.
 I've got this too.
 Have you got this? Amazing story. Amazing story.
 We're literally going from the structure of the entire
 all life, all of everything we've ever known.
 These amazing scientists.
 Yeah, sorry, the Expendables 3.
 He's in a car, yeah.
 You listen to this and tell me you're not amazed.
 He's in a car and he's doing a scene and suddenly...
 He likes to do his own stunts.
 Loves to do his own stunts, Jason, doesn't he?
 Yeah, and he needs to hit the brakes
 because he needs to stop before there's a cliff
 which drops 60 feet into the black sea.
 Gosh, 60 feet? 60 feet.
 That's nearly as much as the 2,000 miles of mantle
 between the crust and the core.
 So the brakes fail, Statham's in the car
 and it goes off the cliff.
 This is a Hollywood film.
 He's plunging 60 feet into...
 A three-ton stunt truck.
 A three-ton stunt truck.
 Sorry, he's driving the truck.
 He's driving the truck.
 He's driving the truck. We're not listening?
 And so then he should crash.
 Anyone else, any other of the Expendables,
 you put Stallone in there, you put Schwarzenegger.
 They would die in that moment, right?
 Statham manages to leap out of the car
 and successfully dive into the ocean
 and then comes up and he's all okay.
 And why is he okay, Sally?
 He's okay because before he became an actor,
 he was a competitive diver, genuinely.
 And he's done a lot of free diving
 and has got a lot of scuba experience.
 Exactly.
 But he was very, very good at diving,
 but not quite good enough to make the Olympic team,
 so he decided to branch out.
 Exactly, but he did represent Britain
 in the Commonwealth Games in 1990.
 Oh, so it's not like scuba diving, it's highboard diving.
 Highboard diving, which he used to practice
 in Crystal Palace as a highboard there
 and they have a pool there where Tom Daly would practice as well.
 And before Tom Daly, Jason Statham, he would be there.
 That's incredible.
 So Jason Statham, that's really interesting
 because Jason Statham, that means it might have been helpful
 in the first attempt to dig down into the Earth's mantle in 1961.
 So this was a thing called Project Mohole, okay?
 It was an attempt to find the lower limit of the Earth's crust,
 which is very, very thick on land and much thinner over the ocean.
 The USA was losing the space race in 1961,
 the Soviets were way ahead, and so the USA said,
 "Well, just dig instead and we'll do better at digging
 and that'll be our new thing."
 So they tried to get down beyond this thin layer of crust
 where it meets the mantle,
 which is a point called the Mohovovich discontinuity.
 It didn't work.
 So they went into the ocean.
 The weirdest thing was that there was a ship
 which was sent to do the drilling operation
 to keep it stable in the same bit of the ocean.
 Their solution was they fitted propellers
 all the way around the outside
 and they just fired them all at the same time.
 That's brilliant.
 They probably needed marine biologists on the boat, right,
 in order to do the science.
 I'm not falling for it.
 Did you know that Jason Momoa,
 who became Aquaman later in his career,
 first studied marine biology when he was at university
 before transferring to wildlife biology?
 That is so interesting, Dad. Thank you.
 They did have a kind of hero beginning with Jay
 and Jay named Hero there
 because John Steinbeck was present of Mice and Men.
 John Steinbeck.
 He was there kind of writing about it,
 but sadly it didn't work.
 Gosh, you weren't kidding.
 In the dressing room he said,
 "I've got 15 minutes brilliant material on Jason."
 There is a bit of advance this year.
 This is quite sort of geeky now,
 but scientists have just extracted a chunk of the mantle
 for the first time.
 Of Earth's mantle?
 We're trying to work out how to do it, right?
 And they realized they don't go to the mantle,
 go to where rock from the mantle has been pushed
 above its normal resting place.
 So they drilled into an underwater mountain,
 but like a normal underwater mountain is in
 at the bottom of the mid-Atlantic ridge.
 They drilled in slightly sideways
 and they have a core of mantle rock,
 which is a kilometre long,
 and they've extracted that core
 and that allowed them to study all sorts of things
 about the deep Earth.
 So cool.
 That's incredible.
 All I've got going on here is,
 "You can keep it on your mantle piece."
 I just can't join in with the science stuff, really.
 Well, Jason Statham.
 I do have a fact about Jason Statham.
 Oh, look who goes crawling back to the other side.
 He fits very well as in he would be a great action hero,
 even with his, you know,
 his human name, as in his name,
 is a good name for an action hero.
 So is it not his real name, Jason Statham?
 No, it is his real name, as far as I know.
 But my point is that action heroes
 tend to have names beginning with J.
 James Bond, Jason Bourne,
 John Wick, Jack Reacher, John McLean,
 John James Rambo.
 Oh, yeah.
 And there was a study, a brilliant study,
 by a writer at Slate called Demetria Glace,
 and she studied 2,000 action movies,
 pretty much every modern Western action movie
 with a male sort of single everyman protagonist.
 A third of them had names beginning with J,
 which is very unusual.
 Do you know that the Earth is younger on the inside
 than it is on the outside?
 What?
 So when you get to the mantle level up here...
 Judas.
 That would be a good name for an action movie.
 Judas, great action story, yeah.
 This is like Freaky Friday.
 Yeah.
 So as we saw in the movie Interstellar,
 where when Matthew McConaughey is travelling out into space,
 gravity distorts time, doesn't it?
 And there's a reason that we say that
 when astronauts are in space, they're almost time travellers,
 because they age differently, because time travels differently.
 If you were at the core of our planet,
 and that means then the core of our planet itself,
 is travelling at a different time.
 Two and a half years younger than the rest of our planet,
 because gravity is so intense down there,
 that it slowed down time.
 That's pretty cool.
 Whatever.
 OK, let me tell you one thing about geology,
 which this will totally blow your mind, right?
 So there's a place called the Heart Mountain
 in Northwest America.
 And I'm talking quite a lot of millions of years ago,
 but at one stage that mountain moved
 62 miles in half an hour.
 Really? The entire mountain.
 What? Isn't that amazing?
 So there's a load of basically magma,
 there's a big sort of river of magma there,
 a load of water got into it, there was a massive explosion,
 and the entire mountain moved at 100 miles an hour.
 Oh, my word. No.
 But half an hour.
 We're talking millions and millions and millions of years ago.
 Oh, this was last year.
 So you just go skiing and you're like, oh, my God!
 Whoa!
 Are we there yet? It's right here.
 Oh, fuck. No. Sorry, kids.
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that you could tell the social status
 of an ancient Egyptian man by the colour of his condom.
 I mean, surely you would have an inkling before you got to see him.
 Or it's a shock, isn't it?
 You told me you were a pharaoh!
 It's bizarre, isn't it?
 I've read this in a couple of places.
 One is an article in the Indian Journal of Urology
 called The Story of the Condom.
 One is from an article from the Egypt Museum
 who have one of these very, very old condoms.
 And basically, they didn't use them for contraception.
 They used them to stop diseases,
 but they also, an insect bite, nearly.
 But they also used them as an insignia of rencore status.
 And it was just, when I say condom,
 I think some of it might have been more like, almost like cod piece.
 Oh, OK. Right.
 But they were used against diseases as well.
 So, you know, we can technically call them condoms.
 And they were made of linen, soaked in olive oil.
 OK. And with different colours.
 The problem is, of all the sauces,
 maybe you guys found this, but if all the sauces that I found,
 really good academic sauces,
 none of them told you what colour you're aiming for.
 Oh, right.
 So, I don't know if red was a good one
 or if blue was a good one.
 They've got Tutankhamun's condom, haven't they?
 Do they? Yeah, they do.
 Yes, they do. Linen, soaked in olive oil,
 impregnated with his DNA.
 And it would tie around to his waist.
 Tie around to his waist with string.
 But it didn't mention what colour it was.
 They didn't mention the colour.
 Why are we not getting the colour system?
 Sometimes the colours don't...
 Yeah, right. OK. Gosh.
 That's very interesting.
 In the course of researching this,
 I read probably the weirdest thing I think I've ever read,
 which is in ancient Rome, condoms.
 And by the way, I haven't found a legit sauce,
 but it appears in so many...
 No, it appears in so many places.
 They used, apparently, an ancient Roman
 who was victorious in a battle
 and had slain his opponent,
 would then make a condom out of the muscle of the opponent.
 Oh, don't be daft.
 Sauce.
 Well, they did use to make condoms out of animal intestines
 and bladders in Rome. Yeah.
 So it's not impossible.
 It's not impossible. It feels a bit grisly.
 It feels a bit grisly. It's sort of one of those facts
 that I prefer. I'm just going to prefer not to believe.
 Yeah. I know.
 The ancient Egyptians used to use crocodile dung as spermicide,
 did you? Yeah.
 How would you use that? You would use...
 I don't want to think about it.
 Why is no one sleeping with me?
 Uncovered crocodile shit.
 Do you know that William Buckland,
 you know the natural... Yeah, who ate everything, yeah.
 His kids had a hobby horse made out of a dead crocodile.
 Wow. I don't know why that came into my head.
 Yeah.
 My friend Cindy used to have the crocodile
 that was used in crocodile dundee as a...
 Like, they had prop crocodiles,
 and as you went into her house,
 she had the prop crocodile from croc dundee.
 Wow. There's no more iconic prop.
 No, no. Was it a real crocodile?
 No, no. Was it a pretend crocodile?
 No, I think it was a pretend crocodile, yeah.
 Condoms, just quickly. Yeah.
 So the condoms of the 18th century were quite interesting,
 because that was sort of getting towards modern condoms,
 but they're still very primitive.
 So they were made of sheep kycom, okay,
 which is the power that connects the small
 and the large intestine to each other of the sheep.
 And they had to be treated,
 and there was a whole nine-step process
 to make a proper condom out of a sheep's thing, kycom.
 And they were really scarce.
 They were very hard to come by, partly because butchers
 could not be bothered to collect.
 You know, each sheep has one kycom,
 so that's one potential condom per sheep,
 and it was just not worth collecting, basically.
 So people would just use the sheep instead.
 Do you know what the first condom in literature
 was used by the wife of King Minus of Crete,
 who's called Pacifi,
 and she used it to stop herself being harmed
 by King Minus' semen,
 because it contains scorpions and serpents.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 Maybe we could just watch something tonight, actually.
 Maybe, um...
 Let's watch another episode, actually.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Actually, think about it now. Yeah.
 I discovered that there's a condom make in China
 called "Jisbon,"
 which...
 which is called "Jisbon,"
 because it's after James Bond.
 No, the name's Bond.
 -Jisbon. -Jisbon. Yeah.
 In 2006, a German entrepreneur launched a spray on condom.
 -Yes. -Did you come across that?
 -Yes. -Yeah, but it was stopped by...
 Yeah, the phrasing was a bit unfortunate there.
 -Did you come across that out there? -Yeah.
 And it was stopped short by EU regulations.
 Oh, I read something slightly different about what stopped it.
 So he was called Jan Klauser,
 and he got the idea for it in a car wash,
 because he, you know, he was...
 I don't know if he must have been in the car
 and it was just being sprayed, and he thought,
 "Oh, maybe. If I... If you, you know,
 "your penis is the car, as it were,
 "and you spray it from every angle with the latex,
 "then you have a perfectly fitted condom."
 -Right. -You know, perfectly fitted every time.
 And he got 30 men to test it,
 and apparently it had exclusively positive reviews.
 It went really well.
 But the drawbacks were that it was quite cold,
 very cold to be just sprayed with this sort of latex liquid,
 and it takes two full minutes to dry.
 -To try. -Yeah.
 But which side is probably not the right size anymore?
 Yeah.
 It still ships internationally, though.
 -Does it? -So it's still not approved by the FDA.
 -It's still for sale? -Oh, no, that's the galactic cap.
 -Sorry. -What's that?
 The galactic cap. Sorry, that's just titchy-titchy,
 like a beanie for your penis.
 Oh, OK. What, like a hipster?
 -Yeah, a hipster one. -What?
 Leaving the shaft. It's not been approved by the FDA,
 but it does ship internationally.
 -Ah, OK. -I don't know how it stays on.
 Right, OK. It's very exciting.
 You mentioned China earlier with the James Bond thing.
 I was reading about ancient Chinese contraception,
 and because in the early days, there was, you know,
 there was a story that tortoise shell,
 in the same way that the beanie was used, was kind of used for...
 I know, it doesn't quite make sense, and you can't get any further with it.
 And, like, full disclosure,
 the article I got this from used the word "dude" a lot,
 so I don't know how reliable
 this is.
 Were you on the scientific journal "Rab Monthly"?
 -Yeah, yeah, yeah. -That is fine.
 No, no, this was... 'Cause weirdly, it has sources,
 but it's saying that there used to be a thing
 where you were told to reserve ejaculation,
 so that basically is with, you know,
 coitus interrupters, right?
 But the other thing that they said was
 to move the semen back into you, basically.
 So that was a method that was taught.
 So the method was, as point of ejaculation was happening,
 to press a thumb against, in between,
 the scrotum and the anus, and what it would do was...
 My parents are in tonight.
 You're kidding, this happens every time.
 Oh, no, okay, right.
 It's 'cause you mention it in every show we do.
 So why don't you stick your thumb?
 So you put your thumb between your scrotum and your anus,
 and you push, and then it's...
 The idea is that it redirects...
 Middle-playing the hokey-cokey with you.
 It redirects the semen to go up the spine
 through the chakras and into the brain is the idea.
 Because sex...
 I'm sorry, is there a tangible benefit to this procedure?
 What's that you haven't said?
 Because there's an idea that you're expelling something
 from your body which is energy,
 and unless you were receiving the other energy from the human
 that you were having sex with, that was a wasted energy.
 So why not losing your essence?
 Exactly. Again, from somewhere that says awesome a lot
 in the article, and I don't know if it's legit,
 but it seemed legit at the time.
 I find that really scary, that the penis can suck things...
 suck things in.
 I don't know if it can. I don't know if it can.
 I mean, they've got a problem. People are stopping using them.
 So we've got the highest syphilis and gonorrhea rates
 in the UK for years and years, and there was a study done
 about men who believe they're attractive,
 who rate their attractiveness high,
 are much less likely to use a condom.
 Really? Yeah.
 Well, that explains why I've got three on right now.
 How'd you enjoy that one, Mr and Mrs Murray?
 You can also use condoms as a bungee rope.
 What? How much weight can they take?
 Short bungee.
 They can take the weight of Carlo Mosca Donioso,
 who did a 30-metre bungee jump using a string
 of 18,500 condoms.
 Which brand?
 Yeah.
 They didn't snap.
 It took him four months to tie them together.
 Slippery.
 Well, that's what he said. The condoms are slippery.
 If you tied a knot, it would just slip out.
 The testing you'd have to do on that rope to be confident of it.
 Yeah, well, you know what? They used mathematical formulas
 to work out how strong it would have to be.
 So they worked out how many they would need using maths
 rather than using applied stuff.
 But he did say he was 99% sure it would work,
 but his stomach was in the knot for a month before the jump.
 But it worked, and he did manage to do it.
 So, he's one of those guys who's been in condoms in the States.
 It's a brand in South America.
 They have, because they've got a guy there who's like
 the great, you know, the Steve Jobs of condoms, basically.
 Like, he came into the company, he's innovated,
 he's made them thinner than ever before.
 He's one of those guys who's just like constantly,
 and so when they have an invention that's gone through
 the science side of it, kind of like this bungee,
 they have these big couples who are known as the bedroom panel,
 and the condoms get given to them.
 So once or twice a month, they'll get given
 a sort of new condom test design.
 Twice a month? The deviants.
 It's a whole other world, isn't it?
 One for witsom tide, one for mickleness, and you're fine.
 They're slightly smaller Trojans, aren't they, apparently?
 Oh, are they? Apparently, yes.
 Well, I read that on the internet today, dude.
 I also read, like, the flavours were just blew my mind.
 OK, what are they? There's a penis-flavoured condom.
 Are you sure you're wearing a condom?
 Yeah, it's penis-flavoured.
 OK, that is it.
 And there's all of our facts.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @shriverland, James. Hi, James Harkin.
 And Andy. @adruhontoreb.
 @sally. Don't contact me.
 We can also be found on our group account @nosuchthing
 or our website, nosuchthingasafish.com.
 You can find all the previous episodes there.
 I'm going to shit fucking let's end it
 when you get out of here. Goodbye!
 (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
 (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
 (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
 (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
 (CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
