 All right, let's move on to the next question.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Chazinski, James Harkin, and Andrew Hunter Murray, and once again,
 we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven
 days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James Harkin.
 OK, my fact this week is that the fear of lifts can be cured by starving the subject and
 forcing them to eat all of their meals in lifts.
 How long do you have to eat all your meals in a lift for?
 I think they only did it for a day or two, but then they checked back on this person a few
 years later, and it worked.
 And this is in an old paper from 1973 that I stumbled across this week, and the paper's
 called "A Brief Treatment of Elevator Fobia" and it's by S. Brintwick and Leslie Soliom.
 So what's the idea?
 You would sit inside an elevator and you'd be distracted, so they wouldn't know this.
 So what happens is, what you do is you've got someone who's scared of elevators or lifts,
 and you say to them, "You're not allowed to eat for 24 hours," and they go, "OK, I'm
 not going to eat."
 And you say, "You're not allowed to drink water either," and they say, "OK."
 And then you say to them, "OK, well, you can have something to eat now, you can have some
 conflites or whatever, but you can only have it if you're inside that lift."
 And so they have to go in the lift because they're so hungry, and then I reckon just because
 they've gone in there and they're kind of getting used to it, then they feel like-
 This is insane.
 There's like pamphlet.
 Well, and then they're okay with being in the lift because they're enjoying the eating
 process, so-
 No, because what it is with fobias, one good way of getting over it is by forcing yourself
 to kind of go to these places or see these things or touch these things that you're scared
 of, and slowly you kind of build up resistance and you realise that not maybe as bad as you
 think, and you kind of get over it.
 Really, the food is genuinely just to lure them into the lift.
 It really is.
 Well, I mean, just pick the guy up and push him in, I think that might be a bit more humane.
 Wouldn't that make the fobias a bit worse?
 Well, the thing is, they think a lot of it is something bad has happened that you associate
 with this thing, and usually it happens when you're between four and seven as child,
 and then later on you kind of, even if it's subconsciously, you put these two things together
 and so you're scared.
 I'm scared of mushrooms, so when I'm as four years old I must have been attacked by a mushroom
 or something.
 I don't know.
 Thank a lot of Mario.
 So, if I'm scared of spiders, do I have to eat all my food off a spider?
 Is that how it's going to work?
 Well, they think that one good way of stopping being scared of spiders is by to touch spiders,
 so you go to like a zoo and they put a tarantula on your hand and maybe it makes you feel
 better.
 They call it in vivo exposure, but the problem is that people don't really like to go to the
 spider house and have the spiders put on them, and I was reading an article in improbable.com
 and they said that a way of doing this is by augmented reality, so say you're sat in front
 of a computer and you put your hand down and there's a camera looking at your hand.
 The computer makes it look as if there's like cockroaches running across your hand.
 You'll think that they're running across your hand when they're not actually, and that
 can maybe kind of cure you have been scared of cockroaches.
 Wait, why is that better than just having the cockroaches run over your hand?
 Because people don't like to go, if they see cockroaches, they'll just freak out, but
 if they put the hand down and they're just looking at a computer, then it's easy to get someone
 in front of a computer then in front of a cockroach house.
 Okay.
 There are more computers than cockroach houses for one, there's way more.
 There's quite an interesting theory about where Phobias come from, that scientists have
 just come up with, so you were saying that it's probably a memory that you have, maybe
 a memory that you have from childhood, but in 2013 there was some new research done that
 showed you could sort of inherit memories from your ancestors.
 No.
 Yeah, so what happens is if one of your ancestors had a horrible experience, like they've
 been bitten by a spider a long long time ago, then their response to that makes a chemical
 imprint on your DNA, and that chemical imprint can then be passed down, so then you'll have
 this Phobias.
 You knew research that was done in 2013.
 Is this why I'm scared of Nazis?
 That explains your totally rational phobia of the Nazi plastic.
 Just because my grandparents had to, you know, and sort of, there's a lot of deprivation and
 I think that's definitely true in mice, isn't it?
 They showed that that was true in mice.
 Yes.
 I'm not sure it's true in humans.
 Yeah, it's weird that that can be imprinted into DNA.
 Yeah, so it is quite a new thing.
 To my sperm, the fact that I was attacked by a dog, my sperm will have that knowledge as it
 goes across.
 Yeah.
 I mean, not the fact you're not going to have a grandchild who's like, "Hey, I remember this
 weird time in the QI offices when a dog bit my textbook."
 No, I know a bit.
 But is the response to that makes a chemical imprint on your DNA?
 Yeah, that's mad.
 Yeah, that's cool.
 That's mad.
 A fear of clowns.
 That's a big thing.
 Coolophobia.
 Yes, exactly.
 Sorry, I thought you were saying it was a cool phobia.
 Coolophobia.
 I thought you were saying it was a fear of coolers.
 Well, everyone's confused.
 So what they do now, circuses are starting to do this.
 They have sessions before the circus starts where if you're afraid of clowns, you can go
 and watch the clown do their makeup, start from a normal person and do their makeup so
 by the time the circus starts, you feel comfortable with them and they call it clounciling
 and use...
 Oh, God's sake.
 It's true.
 This is true.
 You do clounciling and you can watch clowns get their makeup done and it's meant to
 help you massively to see the transformation happen.
 But it's quite obvious that the name preceded the actual idea.
 So...
 A good method is to starve someone for a day and then they can only custom-pise.
 There was, I read a report that for people who were afraid of elevators.
 In some cases, they will opt for a job that pays less if it's in a lower floor of a building.
 Wow.
 So, this is the thing.
 Otis, the elevator company, they estimate that every
 five days the equivalent of the entire population of the planet uses a lift.
 So seven billion journeys are made and left every five days.
 I think it was even in their lifts.
 Exactly.
 Yes.
 So just the brand otis, not even a shindler.
 I read about an amazing lift that maybe the three of you have heard of, but I hint of.
 And I discovered it.
 I discovered a great website called Elevatorpedia, which is just the Wikipedia of elevators.
 It's got 492 articles, 9 million registered users, over 9 million.
 Yeah, active users was about 22.
 Right.
 But 9 million registered users.
 Yeah.
 They're just spumb up, is that they?
 Probably.
 Yeah.
 But they're proud.
 So yeah, so I started reading about, I pressed random page and just brought up different
 random pages.
 And the first one that came up was the double-decker elevator.
 Have you heard of that?
 No.
 No.
 I like the idea of pressing random article in it.
 You don't have to wait 30 seconds for it.
 That's what it is.
 Yeah.
 So, a double-decker elevator, it stops at two floors at a time, so you're able to cut the
 journey in half effectively.
 But it's impossible to go from the very bottom floor to the very top floor because you're
 yes.
 And vice versa.
 And you'll be a little thing on the roof where it just pops out.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 I'm pretty sure that you're either in a lift that goes into a sort of attic that has
 no door to let you out when the lift below you is trying to go.
 And there's a basement for the below lift to not so, yeah, you can still go to the top floor
 and it's very unsatisfying to get to a floor where you're not allowed to get out.
 Oh, yeah.
 This sounds like almost as terrible as well.
 I imagined you were describing then when I imagined that they would just stop at the
 same floor on both levels and either the lift would open and you'd have a six foot drop
 as you stepped out or it would open and you'd just be faced with the wall because you're
 on the lower level.
 Yeah.
 I think what we're saying is that this isn't a particularly good idea though.
 It's, they're using it in so many different countries.
 Oh, no.
 Yeah, yeah.
 The Burj Khalifa has it and so do a lot of Taiwan and Hong Kong and Japan skyscrapers have
 it as well.
 Wow.
 The thing about that is about Burj Khalifa and that, is it not the case that lifts can only
 go a certain number of flaws because after that the cable gets too heavy or something?
 Well, exciting times in lift news because they've got a new technology which means that
 lifts might be able to go twice as far.
 Oh, really?
 They've got a new kind of rope.
 It's called ultra-rope and it's made of carbon fiber.
 And the maximum used to be about 500 metres but now it's much bigger and they reckon that
 this is the only thing preventing us from building 2,000 metre high skyscrapers.
 Wow.
 I've been reading loads of reviews of this book called Lifted, A Cultural History of the
 Elevator by Andreas Bernat.
 I haven't read the book yet but I found one review which started off just from a member
 of the public.
 It said this book had its ups and downs and then it went on.
 Now that the joke is out of the way, this is a very interesting book.
 Kind of like.
 So they did have kind of Elevator type things, didn't they?
 But then the first modern Elevators they came in the 19th century.
 And I read that the first Elevator shaft preceded the first Elevator by four years.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 This is in the Wikipedia actually but I think it does stack up and this is just normal
 Wikipedia.
 Just normal Wikipedia.
 It was the Lifted, I know Elevator.
 Elevator, yeah.
 Elevator, yeah.
 It wasn't in that one.
 So this was in the Cooper Union Foundation building in New York in 1853 and they built it
 with lift shaft because the guy who built it was sure that lifts would be invented quite
 soon.
 Wow.
 It was so confident.
 Oh my God.
 And sure enough, four years later they did invent them but his shaft was circular and all
 lifts aren't circular and so they couldn't fit the lifts in, they couldn't fit a square
 lift in a round hole.
 That's interesting.
 Maybe not just make a circle, a bit later, Otis designed a special lift just for that building.
 Right.
 That's so cool.
 Do you know the secret override for a lift?
 If you press the floor down left right, some lifts which use particular, there's a system
 called Logic Controller which is the sort of the brain of the lift basically.
 If the lift uses Logic Controller, if you press your floor and the closed door button
 at the same time, you can go to whatever floor you like in a lift immediately and bypass
 all the others.
 Right.
 So this is according to someone on the internet who I read who said he works in a building
 with loads of lifts.
 So he works on a lift system he was sort of part of the lift team for the building.
 He said that if the lift uses this system that does work but obviously you can't tell.
 That sounds very much like an urban lift.
 Give it a go.
 Give it a go listening to this.
 But if everyone knows of that with you with a guy who walks and tries to do it, you've
 now stuck in a lift with someone who's going, you dickhead.
 It doesn't work but you tried to ruin my lift ride by going past my floor.
 If you're already in the lift, you can just press a button.
 It's for people on the outside who requested the lift.
 That's an extremely selfish thing to do though.
 Yeah.
 Or you might be in a hurry.
 You might need a piece.
 We're not advocating it.
 I know.
 It's a possibility.
 And he's a very selfish man.
 The rest of us would advise against it.
 I want to know if this is a if this is a myth and I imagine it is, people say that pressing
 the close button doesn't actually do it.
 There's no consensus on this.
 Okay.
 I swear to God that no one's properly refuted it.
 No people on the internet who work in and these lift companies, we film a QI in a building
 with a lot of lifts.
 And so I realize we had an expert.
 I press the closed star and I reckon they do work.
 But maybe not.
 We're doing in thrillers and horror movies.
 They're always in there, pressing it like crazy and the lift is just chilled.
 It's definitely true that there are some road crossings where the button doesn't really
 work.
 Yeah, because they're just on time, especially busy crossings.
 I think the closed door button is likely to work on all the lifts before health and safety
 was invented.
 There isn't.
 One has to just cut people up in lifts.
 You know, lifts in Singapore have urine detector devices in them.
 And I can't work out whether this is because Singaporean authorities are really paranoid
 about this or because there was a spate of urinating because they did say in the 90s, there was
 in a year there was something like 40 incidents of lifts opening and there being a puddle of
 urine left in them.
 Right.
 And so now if you urinate in a lift in Singapore that has one of these devices in it, then
 an alarm gets set off.
 The lift stops.
 So you're stuck in the elevator.
 The police are called and they come round and then start the lift so that you can get
 out and be arrested by the police for weighing in an elevator.
 Wow.
 So don't do that.
 How can I tell that it's urine?
 It's urine detectors, what if I spilled my bottle of water, for example.
 And it had like a lot of kind of urea in it.
 Yeah.
 Like all my water, don't you?
 I just think by water from different outlets, you can just tell people that you've got
 your introduction devices and I think that will deal with the majority of cases.
 That's true.
 It's like that stuff they don't put in swimming pools, isn't it?
 It's like an ink that turns colour when you pee in the pool.
 Is that not actually in there?
 No, it doesn't exist.
 Oh my God, I always got so worried when I actually do have a piss and waiting for
 a colour to emerge.
 And then I wonder if there's something wrong with my piss.
 Go to the doctor.
 I'm really worried my piss isn't blue.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the Russian space agency light their rockets using giant wooden
 matchsticks.
 So this is to me, unbelievable, to me too.
 But it's real.
 This is from popular mechanics.
 So it's been verified and the idea is that the Soyuz rockets, when they're going up, so
 this is not for every single rocket that they launch.
 However, it's been used hundreds of times.
 The idea is that you need a consistency, there's so many booster rockets, you need a consistency
 of all of them to go to be lit at the same time and something needs to light them.
 So what they've created are these giant bits of birch wood all put together, created into
 effectively a giant looking match.
 They're sat underneath the boosters.
 They all have little wiring that goes right to the top and the problem is obviously as the
 fire picks up, the wiring gets cut off.
 So the idea of using the wood is to keep it lit like a match, to have the wood just flaming
 up and so they can light all these rockets at the same time and then that's how it goes
 into space.
 Giant matchsticks.
 It's nuts.
 It's very cool.
 It's so old-fashioned.
 They've been doing that for 60 years.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I read that it's the only part of a modern rocket launch system that's made of wood.
 Oh really?
 Yeah.
 Unsurprisingly, I suppose.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, reassuringly.
 Did you guys know that the first lighters were guns.
 So they were flintlock guns and they were converted to the purpose of becoming lighters in
 the 16th century.
 So flintlock guns are any firearm that uses flint to strike up and create a flame which
 would propel the bullets out of it.
 And people realise that you could turn this ignition mechanism into a lighter and that
 was the world's first lighters.
 Wow.
 How cool is that?
 It's cool looking guns.
 It is cool because then you get the actual lighters today that look like guns but aren't
 really guns.
 Yes, exactly.
 This was the original one of those for the real cowboys.
 There were novelty lighters before there were lighters, but you know what we're saying.
 It's exactly what I'm saying.
 I found one of the earliest references to matchsticks from ancient China and they were
 originally in their translation described as light-bringing slaves.
 That was their name.
 And they were from a book called The Records of the Unworldly and the Strange, which is
 a great title for a book and I've never heard of that before.
 It's an old ancient Chinese book and that's where it comes from.
 Yeah, the old Chinese ones, they had sulfur on the end of them.
 But you had to light them from another light, basically.
 You needed another fire source in order to light them.
 So I don't know if that counts as much.
 Oh, okay.
 I'm cheesy.
 Definitely cheesy.
 I used in the, for 19th century matches as well and that was where matches really took
 off and we got match factories and match girls and things like this.
 The problem with matches in the first place was that they were very easy to light and so
 they would set fires and things like this.
 But in 1844, the safety match was invented.
 It was by a Swedish professor called Pash and what he did was he just split up the chemicals
 that he needed to set the match aflame.
 So the phosphorus that he did need, he just put on, that's what's on the surface of
 the box.
 So you have to combine the two elements, which had originally been both in the match head
 together.
 Oh, wow.
 And that was why I see.
 It ignited so easily, it's because it's all there ready for you, whereas this is guaranteed
 time.
 So what could because before that, I think if, because it was all together, if you just sort
 of accidentally rubbed your match up against any surface, what is that nice?
 So you get people sort of striking it on, you know, jeans or stubble or the gravet or
 a wall or whatever.
 Yeah.
 So these dodgy ones were the ones invented by the guy from Stockton called John Walker and
 they were banned in France and Germany because they were so dangerous.
 And they were giant matches as well.
 So the first problem matches were giant matches, they were a yard long.
 What?
 Yes.
 And to like them, you had to pull, you got a fold of sandpaper, put the match in between
 there, pulled it out.
 And it, they were so dangerous though, because often a flaming ball of material would fall
 off the end of the match and so far as to the ground or the carpet or wherever you were
 or someone's dress.
 He was, he was a good guy though, John Walker, because he refused to pay it in his matches.
 He had a decent amount of money.
 So he, he really did invent the lighting match, even though it was a little bit dodgy to start
 with.
 It was based on what he did that everyone else built their match technology.
 And he, yeah, had enough money and said he didn't want to pay it in the imagine at all.
 Michael Faraday and other people like that said that he should get money out of it.
 He never made a penny and he never got the credit for it until after he died.
 So what was actually a Frenchman called Chancel who came up with one 20 years before him?
 Oh, what's that?
 Yeah.
 And that one had an end tipped with potassium chlorate and sulphur.
 And you had to put acid on it to set that one safe, even more dangerous.
 And the one, there was another Frenchman Charles Soria, who invented one very shortly after
 John Walker and it relied on phosphorus.
 And they kept using the phosphorus in this country, so it sounds like they banned it in
 other countries.
 But in this country they kept using phosphorus in matches until 1906.
 And it was incredibly poisonous.
 So everyone who worked in those factories got this thing called fossy jaw, which was where
 your teeth would rot and your whole face would swell up and your jaw bones would rot because
 the phosphorus was so toxic your hair would fall out.
 So anyone who like used regularly or worked with making these matches would just, they'd
 fall apart.
 And I read that it would make you vomit, even a tiny amount breathing it in would make
 you vomit.
 And you could see the way people walked home from the phosphorus factory because there
 would be like pools of fluorescent vomit on the wall.
 Do you know the world match stick model record?
 What are we going for?
 Size.
 So a number of matches.
 That's a number of matches.
 A million.
 280,000.
 I do know.
 So I'm only cheating for me to say.
 It's the answer is, it's a model of an oil rig.
 It's made by a man called David Reynolds, who used to work on oil rigs.
 It contains 4,075,000 matches.
 Wow.
 It's huge.
 That's amazing.
 It's really good.
 It took him over 15 years to make.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 What a great use of a life.
 I know.
 There's other people who are telling these things and he just does this, you know.
 Yeah.
 It's quite cool.
 But we are not suggesting you build the world's biggest match stick thing instead of watching
 our show on Fridays.
 No, great.
 Good point.
 Yeah, I feel really sorry for his son because he said that it was just that one Christmas his
 son bought him a match stick kit of a train to build a train of match sticks.
 And that feels really like the sun.
 Doesn't know what to get his dad.
 I'll just get him to this.
 Who cares?
 He can put it in a corner.
 Forget about it.
 And I bet he really regrets that 20 years later when all his dad's done or talked about
 is the fact that he's built 100,000 match stick items.
 All he's forever been trying to make up for this shit present that he got by going,
 "No, I really love it.
 Look, I'm making my next thing.
 Look, I'm going to make my way."
 He hates it.
 And again, it has two other match stick related world records.
 Okay, let's hear them.
 Most match sticks stacked into a tower in one minute.
 Yeah, great.
 Let's say one a second, 60.
 Very close.
 59.
 Not bad.
 4 million.
 It's 74.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And the other one, this is the one which I think is most beatable, possibly, is the largest collection
 of musical instruments made from match sticks.
 Okay.
 Which is about 10.
 I know what I'm getting you for your next match.
 11 kits.
 Yeah.
 I've just got a couple of things on, I've been looking into odd ways things are lit.
 I suddenly thought, "How do you light the Olympic torch?"
 What's the process there?
 And so probably we all know it's lit in Olympia.
 It's got a classic kind.
 It actually is a flame that goes though.
 But I had no idea how much backup flame that they have.
 Should it go out?
 Have you heard about this?
 I thought it pretty much went out all the time.
 Yes, it does.
 They have backup flame that they've brought with them from Olympia from the very same fire
 and they relight it using that exact flame.
 So the flame has broken up into all different little compartments so that it can be relit with
 the original flame.
 Wait, so what are they storing the flame on?
 And there are just lots of other people holding back up Olympic torchers.
 They're in buses and stuff that travel with them, yeah.
 What's this just containing giant fires?
 Yeah, you can see a photo.
 So when they leave Olympia, they take lifelame on the planes over to where they're going.
 So you can see there's a photo of British Airways where two seats have lifelames, four capsules
 of lifelames.
 They're obviously got a lid on them.
 And they carry that by, I think that's the only lifelame that you're allowed to take on
 a plane.
 I just think that backup Olympic flame thing is the stupidest thing I've ever, it's so,
 it doesn't matter.
 It's a flame.
 Yeah.
 It's symbolic.
 I guess that's what they're going for.
 They're invented by the Nazis as well.
 What's it?
 I think so.
 Fire.
 No, I think they invented the idea of like a Olympic flame relay.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 If you're right.
 I've got such a cool thing about fire, making fire.
 Just do you guys know about the new fire ceremony that the Aztecs had?
 No.
 This was this so that the Aztec calendar cycle was every 52 years.
 And at the end of every 52 years, the Aztecs ordered the all fires in the whole Aztec
 Empire were extinguished and they had to start again.
 So every single person after 52 years had to put out their fire.
 And then they go on top of this, on top of this mountain and a priest would light the
 first fire for the new calendar cycle and what was called the new fire ceremony.
 And what he did was he'd light it inside the chest cavity of a sacrificed person.
 So they'd sacrifice someone, they'd take it up to the top of this mountain, they open
 up their chest.
 And then the Aztec priest lights a fire inside his chest.
 And then he'd, a bunch of people would be allowed to come forward and dip their sticks
 in the fire and take it up.
 Oh my God.
 It is tasting barbecue I ever had.
 Wow.
 And then the fire would be distributed throughout the Empire again and that marked the start
 of the new calendar.
 Wow.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the film The Who Framed Roger Rabbit is based on a true story.
 Okay.
 It's a heartwarming story of a rabbit, no, so it's loosely based, but it is based on an
 actual story of something that happened in America in the early 20th century.
 So can you explain to me what happens in The Who Framed Roger Rabbit because I haven't
 seen it.
 It's very complicated, but basically there's a transport conspiracy.
 You don't want to give away all the spoilers of the film and it's about, you know, the
 car and about.
 And there's a giant rabbit, isn't there?
 He's not a giant rabbit.
 Oh, is he not?
 I think it is.
 He is bigger than a normal rabbit, but he's not taller than Bob Hoskins.
 Well, I still think that that's what the size of a rabbit and Bob Hoskins, if you can imagine
 such a thing and he's got a bow tie on, how tall would you say he is, taller than four
 feet?
 Yeah.
 I think that that has a very big rabbit with his upright.
 He's probably taller than Bob Hoskins, isn't it?
 No, I don't think he is.
 No, no, he's not.
 He never is taller than Bob Hoskins, even he was poised.
 Really?
 And Bob Hoskins was a very short man.
 Actually, perhaps it isn't a more rabbit-sized.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, I think this isn't the true element of the story.
 It sounds like a great film, actually.
 It is a really good film, but the story that it's based on is the thing that actually happened.
 It's a group of car and oil companies, they were called national city lines, right?
 And there was control by general motors.
 And the thing that they did in the early years of the 20th century, they bought up loads
 of streetcar lines, so these streetcars with rails, trolley buses, things like this.
 All across America, they bought these up, and they dismantled them and shut them off.
 And they also ran a lot of buses, so as an automobile bus is running on roads, as opposed
 to running on rails.
 And they were eventually fined a huge amount for kind of monopolising, attempting to monopolise
 the market for transport equipment.
 So some people think that this was a huge conspiracy designed to create the age of the
 car and to shut down public transport in favour of it.
 Because there was oil and car companies that were doing this.
 It's a bit more complicated than that, because the streetcar industry was already in decline,
 and it's also a lot easier to run a bus, which doesn't need a rail, than it is to run
 a streetcar.
 I'm glad you debunked that popular business.
 This was absolutely huge, and the low to people still believe it.
 I think in America it's a really big idea that the age of the car was stitched up by
 a load of these companies.
 I've got to say, Roger Abbott didn't really do justice to the seriousness of the, it's
 based on it.
 I am starting to understand why they felt they needed to add car to encourage us to live
 not the story.
 Just to give a quick proper background on Roger Abbott as a movie.
 It was Robert Zemeckis, who directed it, which was the back to the future director.
 It came out in 1988, and the technology of the animation mixed with real life footage
 was so advanced, so new that the very same year that was made, or let's say the Oscars
 that happened post the movie's release, recognized its animator, Richard Williams, as an innovator
 and gave him a special Oscar.
 Like it's just a completely separate special Oscar to say this movie has changed everything
 for filmmaking with animation, so it's a really important movie in the history of cinema.
 Also, it's the only film where Loonie Tune's characters and Disney cartoon characters appear
 in the same film.
 It's very rare to see, for example, Mickey Mouse and Boogie Pick.
 And they insisted, both companies insisted, that their characters have exactly equal amount
 of screen time as the other company's characters didn't they?
 And that was why, and like I say, I haven't seen it, but apparently Bugs Bunny, so wherever
 you see Warner Bros. character, that's accompanied by a Disney character.
 So I think that there are two pairings of characters in the film, and the pairings are always
 a Warner Bros. character and a Disney character, because both companies said if your guy's getting
 screen time, my guy's going to get screen time.
 Yeah, because Roger Rabbit with Loonie Tunes and Bob Hoskins is, of course, a Disney cartoon
 character.
 Yeah.
 So one thing that's interesting about this is that it mustn't necessarily be the movie
 that was based on real life stuff, because Roger Rabbit was based off a novel called
 Who Sensored Roger Rabbit, which was written by Gary K Wolfe.
 Very dark and very different to the, had no Loonie Tune characters, for example.
 So that, I'm wondering if that's where the original political message about what you were so
 interestingly talking about.
 That's beyond the pile.
 Did you see that Bill Murray was the first choice to play the Bob Hoskins character?
 It was too tall.
 He was just that bit bigger than a rabbit.
 You make the rabbit look like a rabbit.
 He, no, they couldn't get hold of him, because you know Bill Murray has that famous thing
 where he refuses to have an agent.
 So he was Robert Zemeckis and Steven Spiel got Bob Hoskins first choice.
 They couldn't get hold of him.
 And Bill Murray said afterwards it was a real regret and he wished he could have done it.
 And it does make you think we'll get a starting agent then, mate.
 But yeah, he said that my Bob Hoskins is instead.
 Right.
 I did read reviews for Who Sensored Roger Rabbit, the first one, that it's got my favorite
 opening line of a review, of a review here as person said.
 This would have been a decent airplane book, but I wasn't flying anywhere.
 And there's a lot of differences.
 Like in the book, Roger Rabbit actually is killed.
 And they have a really interesting literary device where cartoon characters are able to
 create a doppelganger of themselves immediately to do stunt double work in movies.
 So in the novel Roger Rabbit is killed, but he creates a doppelganger who can last a few
 days, the longest doppelganger of any of them, who helps the story.
 The rules of cartoons are very different to the rules of real life, aren't they?
 What?
 Yeah.
 And they're getting my plans for jumping off that building later.
 This I haven't seen Who Sensored Roger Rabbit, but I think they kind of explore this in the
 film, don't they?
 There's a thing called the O'Donnell's Laws of Cartoon Motion, which was in a squire, and
 there are few like rules that happen in cartoons which don't happen in real life.
 So anybody suspended in space will remain in space until made aware of its situation.
 Wow, yeah, yeah.
 Kind of thing.
 Yeah.
 Everything falls faster than an anvil is another one.
 Okay.
 I'm just saying that if you're falling down and so is an anvil, you'll hit the floor and
 then the anvil will hit your head on this thing.
 And there was a guy called Art Babits who is an animator from Walt Disney Studios and he
 said animation follows a lot of physics unless it's funnier otherwise.
 And I think they mentioned that movie as well, don't they?
 Something similar to that.
 And they've got things like tunnels that you throw onto walls and then you can run into
 the tunnel.
 But you can't follow them, you sort of, if you follow the human, you hit the wall.
 Yeah.
 It's the kind of thing.
 So Bob Hoskinson didn't speak to him for a while after he made two-frame Roger Abbott.
 Do you know why?
 It was because so his son Jack was three at the time and Hoskinson said an interview a few
 years ago that when his son Jack found out what he'd been working on, he wouldn't speak
 to him for a long time and Hoskins was really upset.
 And after about two weeks his son admitted that the reason he wasn't speaking to him was
 because he'd been working with Bugs Bunny and Daffy Duck the whole time and hadn't even
 introduced him to him.
 Oh, amazing.
 That's great.
 Okay, it is time for a final fact of the show and that is Chisinski.
 My fact is that the first ever wristwatch doubled up as a thermometer.
 Yeah, I just really like this.
 It's like a modern day gadget, but...
 What sort of thermometer is in Oral or, as James says, rectal?
 It was a whistle, a Ristal thermometer.
 Oh, it was a little thermometer on the...
 You had to shove your wrist up, your butt.
 It was designed for very flexible people.
 So this was a watch that was designed by Abraham Louis Breguet who was known as the Father
 of Modern Horology.
 He was sort of the leading person in watchmaking, in clockmaking and watchmaking at the turn of
 the 19th century.
 And one of the things he did work out how to do was to stop changes in the temperature
 altering a clock mechanism.
 So watches at the time, pocket watches, 'cause wristwatches didn't exist yet.
 Watches at the time, if the temperature change, would be a bit disrupted by that.
 So you could only guarantee that your watch would be correct within about two hours at the
 end of the 18th century.
 And he created a little thing, like a thermostat inside watches, which would work out when the
 temperature had got to a certain point and adjust the watch accordingly.
 And so he thought, well, I'll just add a little thermometer in, things I'm sensing
 the temperature anyway.
 And so he made this watch and it was for Napoleon's sister, actually, the Queen of Naples.
 She was called Caroline Murat.
 And he made it in 1810, started making it in 1810, and he delivered to her in 1812.
 And yeah, it was the first ever wristwatch.
 And the bracelet was made of a thread of hair and a little bit of gold thread.
 A thread of hair.
 A few threads of hair.
 Yeah.
 It was made of some hair.
 Like lots of threads of hair.
 More than one thread.
 She had to think her.
 Oh my God.
 I find it amazing how wristwatches were seen as really sort of effeminate and not suitable
 for proper men was basic implication for loads of their history.
 It was only in the first world war that they really took off, because it was very important
 for officers to be able to consult the same time and also pocket watches were pretty impractical
 in the trenches.
 We read an article in the Atlantic about the history of the wristwatch, and they said
 that someone at the time, when they first became popular after the war, someone said
 that Vodville artists and moving picture actors have utilized it as a fun maker as a Ciliass
 Fad.
 Yeah.
 Ciliass Fad.
 The wristwatch.
 Fools.
 Did you guys know about repeaters on watches?
 Because I didn't really understand what they were until I was really up on this.
 No.
 So this was a technology that was found on watches at the turn of the 19th century.
 It was on this watch that Brege gave to the Queen of Naples.
 And what it was was, it was a way of telling the time in the dark.
 If you wanted to tell the time, but it was dark, so you couldn't see a watch, you would press
 a little button on it, and it would, an alarm would go off, that would tell you the hour,
 and then how many quarters passed the hour you passed.
 Oh, nice.
 So you could tell the time to within a quarter of an hour.
 So if it was, let's say, 5.30, it would give five chimes in a certain deep tone, and then
 it would give two chimes in a lighter tone, which would show you it was five o'clock, and
 then two quarter hours had passed.
 That's pretty simple.
 And all watches at this time had this.
 This quarter repeated thing.
 It's half a pizza, which would give it to, obviously, within half an hour.
 It's amazing.
 Yeah, really cool.
 Yeah.
 I was at the design museum last year, and they had a watch, a wristwatch for blind people,
 which was, if I remember rightly, it just kind of looked like a normal face, but it had
 these little marbles on it, and they were magnetic, and they moved around, depending on
 the time, so you could kind of feel like a Braille, a Braille watch.
 That's amazing.
 It is really cool.
 That's awesome.
 That's really incredible.
 But what we used to do before we had watches and clocks, because obviously, I know about
 the sun dial, but I was just thinking, what if you just didn't, if you went further back,
 and what people used to do, and in spots of Africa used to do this, you would just, you
 would know the arc of the sun throughout the day.
 You'd know where it would pass, and so what you would do is you would point to a bit of
 the sky and say, let's meet when the sun's there in the sky, when it's reached that
 bit of the sky.
 And because they know the mapping of how the sun goes across so well, they would just know
 to look up and go, oh yeah, it's effectively four o'clock.
 I'd better go and meet Mike now.
 Oh, really?
 That's how it works.
 Yeah.
 It was not confusing though, because if you point and you say, let's meet there, and you
 point it somewhere, what people go, do you mean then at that time, or there in that place?
 Oh, you point it to the sky.
 So no one, unless it was a really mountainous region, yeah, I guess you were.
 So you just turn to the top of Mount Kilimanjaro.
 Yeah.
 Where is Mike?
 Oh, no, he must have meant four o'clock.
 I'm so embarrassed.
 So this reminds me of something that we've covered on QI, which is about how it was hard
 actually to know the exact time in the 19th century, even most people didn't have watches.
 And there was one family in London who for 100 years made a living, out of letting people
 look at their watches.
 Which is so cool.
 That's amazing.
 He's called Ruth Belville and her parents and her father started the company in 1836.
 They worked in Greenwich.
 And so he'd set his watch to Greenwich time at the start of the day.
 And then he'd get what's described as a buggy, which I'm not sure what that was in 1836.
 And he'd drive around London and he'd have people on contracts who would pay him in exchange
 for him telling them the time.
 And she kept doing that.
 She did it up until 1940.
 Yeah.
 I think you could kind of get season tickets from them as well, couldn't you?
 Like it'd be a bit cheaper and they'd come every week or something.
 Oh, could you.
 Yeah.
 And there was a guy called Mr. St. John Win who in 1908 wrote to the Times saying that her
 methods were completely out of date and it was ridiculous.
 And he suggested that she was using her femininity to gain business.
 Maybe she kept the watch in a cleavage or something like that, something that's all see.
 Did the letter of the Times say, dear, the Times, you of all newspapers should know that.
 This guy, sorry, this guy said John Win.
 He was the director of Standard Time Company who happened to be one of her like biggest kind
 of competitors.
 Oh, did they make watches?
 They were the people who supposedly start in charge of Standard Time in London.
 Okay.
 Makes sense.
 But it gave a massive publicity as well as set off the back of it.
 So actually business boomed for her.
 So in your face, Mr. St. John, what's your call?
 Win, yeah.
 It was St. John last moment, God.
 So in 1936, there was a big moment for her business in a bad way, which was the telephone
 speaking clock that really stopped a lot of business.
 But weirdly, then it was voiced by a lady and her name was Ethel Cain.
 And Ethel Cain lived in the exact same town as Ruth.
 They were virtually next door neighbors.
 Oh, but they never spoke to each other.
 What a sitcom.
 There is to be written there.
 Outskirts of Croydon is where they both lived.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 God, attention.
 Attention in that neighborhood must have been palpable.
 Yeah.
 I do think it's amazing the sort of just to go back to wristwatches very, very briefly.
 The sort of, it was basically homophobia was what it was going on was people were saying
 that people who wear wristwatches are effeminate and not sort of, not the right sort of people.
 So if you had a wristwatch, you would be called a wristwatch boy and people would say this
 about you and it's sort of really in an insulting way.
 Yeah.
 And there was, so here's something from the Albuquerque journal in May 1914.
 The fellow who wears a wristwatch is frequently suspected of having lace on his laundry and
 of braiding his hair at night.
 I mean, it's pretty plain.
 And in New Orleans, there was a theater where there was a play on it.
 They said the main character is not portrayed by a wristwatch screen actor, dude, but by
 a man's man.
 I'm not surprised of dude being used in that sense of that.
 That dude is very, yeah, dude is nice in century, I think.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But basically, it took the first world war to shift that perception.
 Should we wrap up, Sunish?
 Yeah.
 There's a really cool story related to wristwatches and the original guy in this fact, and this
 is about the Marriant Onet Watch, which was another watch that Abraham Louis Brege made.
 So this was commissioned by a guy who fancied Marriant Onet in 1782, and it was completed
 by Brege's son in 1827, 44 years after it had been ordered, 34 years after Marriant Onet
 had died, and four years after he'd actually died, but it was unbelievably complicated.
 So it's still the fifth, consider the fifth most complicated watch ever made.
 It was really, really beautiful, and it was handed down various generations, and it ended
 up in the Maya Museum of Islamic Art in Jerusalem in 1983, where it got stolen in that year.
 And so there was a big police hunt, no one could find where it was.
 There's this original watch made for Marriant Onet.
 And then this guy called Nicholas Hayek, who was the CEO of the Swatch Group, which had taken
 over the Brege company, said in 1999 that he was the term that they'd make a replica.
 And so he went about making this replica, and that even took a few years.
 So that was commissioned in 2004.
 And just before the replica was about to be completed and displayed, then lawyer in America
 got a letter from a woman who said that she had to return a bunch of objects that her
 husband had left in his will, saying that he'd stolen them decades earlier.
 And one of those objects was the Marriant Onet watch.
 And so just as this replica was about to reappear, the watch itself surfaced.
 Wow.
 How great is that?
 Yeah.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribaland, James @XHapes.
 We are @AndrewHunterM.
 And Shazinski.
 You can email podcasts@ky.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to @kypodcast.
 That's our group Twitter account, or no such thing as a fish.com, where we have all of our
 previous episodes.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
