 [Theme Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dad Shriver. I'm sitting here
 with Andy Murray, James Harkin, and Ann Miller. And once again, we have gathered around
 the microphone with our four favorite facts from the last seven days, and in no particular
 order, here we go. Starting with you, Harkin. My fact this week is that in the 1840s, London
 buses had straps attached to the driver's arms that you would yank if you wanted to stop.
 It just seems like the worst idea in the world. In 1839, they invented the bell on buses,
 and then they decided to go to the strap version afterwards. So these are horse buses,
 of course. And in those days, you didn't have to go on the left-hand side of the right-hand
 side of the road, and there were no bus stops or anything like that. So when you wanted
 to stop, you needed to tell the driver which direction you wanted to go to the right-hand
 side of the road or the left-hand side. So if you wanted to stop on the right-hand side,
 you would yank his right strap, and that would move his right arm, which would move the
 horse to the side of the road, and then he would stop. I read that they didn't have to even
 pull over to stop for 40 years after the horse drawn bus was invented. So 1829, I think, was
 the first one. And there was a new law passed in 1867, which said, "Really, you should probably
 pull over to the side of the street before you just stop the bus." Yeah, until then they
 would just stop dead. I think the first buses in London, they just did the route, and
 they would let you on wherever the 70 people could get on, and you just would hail it.
 You weren't stops and things, so I guess they just thought, "Well, if you let you on anywhere,
 you can get off." Yeah, that sounds really good, actually.
 How did you used to park when you had a horse attached to your car?
 With parallel parking? Yeah, parallel parking, three-point turns. How's the deal work?
 You would pull your horses off and they would feed or drink what?
 Big your butt.
 If you were a caring horse owner. You would pull him off to the right if you wanted to.
 The horse had two straps attached to it, actually.
 Okay, that reminds me of another thing about people with straps attached to them, the
 Huichal Indians of central Mexico. During childbirth, the father would sit above his wife who's
 giving birth and have a strap attached to his testicles. Whenever she had labor pains,
 she would yank on the strap and yank his testicles so that he would have the same pain as her.
 Good child. It hasn't been a great idea.
 Oh my god. When did that stop?
 It's a traditional thing. I don't think it's happened for hundreds of years.
 I don't know why that died out.
 Another thing about buses is that driving buses wasn't actually legal until 1832. For the first
 three years, it hadn't been properly regulated or anything. Drivers would chain themselves
 to their seats, but they were still arrested anyway. They were training themselves to stop
 being, you know, stopped from driving by the authorities. Yeah.
 That's awesome. Isn't that insane?
 After World War I, there weren't that many buses in London, including repurposed during
 World War. So Mr A. Partridge realised that he could make some money by running his own
 buses on the same route so he'd go alongside the official buses, but he would sort of take
 short cuts to avoid traffic and make his buses better.
 Oh wow.
 And if you often see races between the official bus and then the Pirate bus.
 That's great. When he thought of that idea, he must have gone, ah-ha!
 Back on the net.
 They do that in some other countries. I think in Moscow, they have like unofficial buses
 that you can kind of get on them. They're a little bit cheaper than the official
 buses. It's like hustling for mini-cups. It's when it's driving fast.
 St Lucia has those as well, I think. They have sort of, well, they have a range of buses
 of different levels of officialness, essentially.
 Do you guys remember the bendy buses?
 Yeah.
 Do you know where they are now?
 Australia.
 I mean, we have a lot of them in Australia.
 I hadn't noticed that they weren't there anymore.
 They've got them. Yeah.
 So they can't live in some brought them in. Then Boris got rid of them saying they were
 a monstrosity and we didn't want them. So they went to Malta. Malta has very narrow,
 tight roads and they are very difficult to maneuver through traffic. So they were a complete
 disaster, not least because on the day all the drivers went on strike. So they shipped and
 drove us from the UK who didn't know the route or the language. They called us complete chaos.
 And they're called Areva, which is arriving in Italian and they got nicknamed "Bespetta",
 which means waiting because they were just rubbish. So Malta have now passed them on and
 they're now in Sudan.
 It's really windy buses. That's unbelievable. That is really interesting.
 Do they drive the buses to these places or do they fly them?
 I think it's a plane with two straps on and then they start from the ground.
 So there's one person who was in Malta who wants to go to Sudan and you're finally the buses
 turned up. We wait ages for a bus to Sudan and then all of London's bendy buses come at
 once. Just back in the day where everything was horse-drawn, something that hadn't occurred
 to me and I read in a book the other day is that if you had an emergency and you needed
 a doctor, doctors just used to leap on a horse and ride to the scene. I don't know why that's
 such an amazing image of a doctor speeding down the road on a horse. He had to shout the
 word ambulance backwards as he rode.
 I really like this. The double-decker bus was introduced, maybe I think about 20 years
 after the original horse-drawn bus and supposedly it was introduced for the Great Exhibition.
 Before they had a proper staircase, they just had kind of an iron ladder, which was three
 or four quite high iron steps, but there were also seats available on either side of
 the driver. There's one book, it's called Transport in Britain from Canal Lock to Gridlock. It
 says that the seats were hard to get, but they were highly prized by younger passengers
 because of the driver's great reputation for jokes and witty repartee. So nothing changes,
 does it? It was the original banter bus.
 Here's the thing, here's the best thing I found this week. Who invented the bus? Jack Bus.
 The earliest known public bus line, it was called The Carriage, was launched by Blaise Pascal.
 The mathematician, the mathematician and philosopher, the guy.
 He was a bus company in his first time. I don't know, it's unbelievable, isn't it?
 How can that even be true? It was unwiccapedia and they checked it out and there's some books,
 some philosophy books about him and apparently it's true.
 That is incredible. I wish I knew more about Blaise Pascal, so I could put that in context.
 Okay, so in mathematics, he did Pascal's Triangle, which is a famous load of numbers in a triangle
 where the two above add to the one below. He has the SI unit of a pressure named after him.
 He wrote a famous book called The Ponce, which was a philosophy book and he was a great French
 kind of... Transport in 2C. Yeah, but yeah, I mean, he was one of the
 great 17th century French thinkers and he also invented the bus.
 That is incredible. How did the bus fall off from his list of achievements?
 Well, it's the one that no one ever talks about these days, really?
 Yeah, I read a theory and I'm still trying to get to the bottom of this because it sounds
 like there is some truth to it, but not as much as most articles would suggest.
 Do you know why the railroads in this country are the width that they are?
 Yes, it's a stride of a yeti, isn't it?
 Though it's the idea that obviously when trains were horse-drawn, you had two horses pulling
 the train and the width of the railroads now are the widths of what two horses standing next
 to each other would be. Now that's a theory that apparently in America as well, that with
 all the railroads, that's how it became. But then different countries have different
 gauges. Exactly. Yeah, and in fact Britain had two different gauges.
 Yeah. And America had 20. This is where the theory falls down slightly.
 Maybe the horses got like fatter in certain states. Yeah, that's true, that's possible.
 Did you put diets? There was a way it could have gone. Oh God, there was an amazing programme
 about this ages and ages ago on the beach. And it was basically saying that there were
 two gauges, a narrow gauge and a broad gauge for trains. And the whole of the country eventually
 went with the narrow gauge simply because it had spread further and faster, like basically
 VHS over beatermax, if you'd like. And so now these days we could have these incredible
 lavish, huge trains, but we don't have to kind of squeeze through the aisle to our coffees
 and stuff. Exactly. I have a thing about, there was a guide to bus etiquette printed in the
 times in 1834. I just love this so much. So they're quite similar, like number one, keep
 your feet off the seats, to do not get into a snug corner yourself and then open the
 windows to admit a north-western upon the neck of your neighbour. A window. Is it weird
 when you get on a tube and someone just immediately gets on a tube and opens a window
 without checking the temperature, just goes on, opens a window and says, "Yes, that is true,
 that is weird." Sometimes you get on and it's like walking into an oven. If it's summer,
 it's winter. I get really pissed off by people who open windows. You know how you keep learning
 a few things about yourself as the years go on? It's a new thing I've learned very recently.
 If people are opening windows whenever you walk into a room and you bite into the problem,
 someone else is saying, "You know what, I've recently found out I hate people who smell bad."
 What can you do? This bus that I get guides then starts to go slightly off the rails of
 where we know. So number six is, "Do not spit upon the straw. You are not in a hog-stay."
 Number seven, "Behave respect for leaf to females and put not on an unprotected last
 the blush because she cannot escape from your brutality." Which is very good advice.
 Number eight, "If you bring a dog, let him be small and confined by a string." That's
 like, "Oh, big dogs are going, please let me be small." That's like on the underline, isn't
 there's like a rule that you can have a dog on the escrow if you can hold it? So there is
 a bus that goes from Bristol to Bath, which is powered by poo. The biobus and it's powered
 by bio-mefengast, actually, which comes from from excrement. And it can travel up to 186 miles
 on one tank of gas. So you're going to say on one poo? Just to try and get out, we're going
 to get six miles. I've got to top it up. It opens up the cap. I've read your eyes.
 No, it can go 186 miles on one tank of gas, which takes the annual waste of around five
 people to produce. So five people have to poo for one year to get one tank of gas.
 Yeah, that's not so bad. Yeah, because I do that every day, not a year's worth, but
 it's not like I'd have to be like, "Oh, better poo." All you'd have to do is just bag what
 you're doing, right? I see what you mean. I don't know. I'm just saying it's not, it's
 bag what you're doing and posted off to Bristol. They'll be thrilled. The council buildings
 will be fine. Okay, time for fact number two. And that is Miller. My fact is that standing
 like Superman can make you more successful. I love that. Which is why I'm doing it right
 now. So explain how can that work? Do we know?
 Okay, so it's a thing called power opposing, which is basically about body language and
 giving off the right impression. And it's the work of Amy Cuddy, who's a social psychologist
 at Harvard, who records we should all spend two minutes a day power opposing. So there's
 lots of various posters you can do, but the best one is superheroes. So hands on hips,
 chest out, head up, in sort of classic superhero. And people who do this will have increased levels
 of testosterone, a decrease in cortisol, which is the stress hormone, and feel both more
 powerful and more open to risk. People who take low post reposes have the opposite.
 What are low post reposes? Things like slumping in on yourself. It's basically making yourself
 small. So it's thinking if you go to a meeting and you sort of bend your knees, you tuck
 your arms in your head style. Being naked and crying in the corner is a lot of bad impressions
 in job interview. People, they found that people with someone who's doing a powerful pose
 in a powerful position, rather than copying them, you're more likely, even if you are relatively
 powerful, to then adopt a weaker stance. By presenting is more confidence, you become
 more confident. So by being superman, you will become not quite superman, but with superman
 like power. Well, here's the thing. It also works if you wear superman outfits, partly.
 Yeah, the less effort. So they put students in various different
 items of clothing and got them to do mental ability tests, and they found that generally people
 are getting about 64%. But people in superman t-shirts were getting 72%. And also people wearing
 white coats did better as well. Oh, this one's interesting, because wearing a love coat makes
 you better, but they're taking love coats away for doctors. So they have to done doing superman
 poses of counterbalances. Otherwise, it's going to be because the doctors will perform
 really because they're wearing the wrong outfit. The costume thing also actually works for Christopher
 Reeve. There's a story in Roger Moore's autobiography where while they were filming the movie, Christopher
 Reeve during breaks where he couldn't get out of his clothes, if it was lunchtime, would go to the Pinewood
 Studios canteen, which is where they were filming. And if he went out in his superman costume, he was just
 swarmed, girls coming around, swarming around him, just totally in love with him. If he came out during
 the Clark Kent scenes, just no one came near him, he was just left alone. I think this is really good.
 I really like this. I'm going to start doing this power-posing. We still all the time. You don't have
 to do it front of people. You can do it for two minutes when you got up in the morning. Yeah,
 I want to do that. I want to do those benefits with you. There is one bad thing about wearing superman
 costumes, and that is if you're a child, because apparently superhero costumes cause children to hurt
 themselves, because they start doing playing, which is a bit like they try and fly stuff like that. Do
 you guys know that Superman was originally evil? No, he wasn't. No, I don't know. Well, you could take
 out with Jerry Siegel and Joe Strister, who came up with Superman. In 1932, they did a story called
 "The Rain of the Superman" about a homeless man called Bill Dunn, who was transformed by a mad
 scientist who used a secret chemical to help him be able to read and control minds. The Superman,
 with these new powers, kills his creator and starts playing the stock market and winning races to get
 rich enough to take over the world and then loses it all. Is that because he likes risk because he's
 been doing these power-poses that he's playing the stock market? Yeah, I think that's what happens.
 And then obviously they rewrote him and he was nicer. Different. And an alien and not an insane
 word to regard him the way. Wow. I was thought by the way that anytime I saw a portrait of Henry VIII,
 that he was adopting a Superman pose. Yeah. Yeah, he does make himself look nice. That's true. I wonder
 how many people from history is that where that pose was inspired by. Please don't make that a tumbler.
 A superhero history. Yes, Superman poses in history. Oh, that's a really good idea.
 Okay, there's a guy. There was a newspaper article I read about Superman and it said something like
 this. When Clark Kent wanted to transform into Superman, it was a fairly simple task. He would
 step into a phone box, spin around and the switch would be complete. For Herbert Chavez, his change
 into the comic book was taken a bit longer through 16 years of plastic surgery. Oh, my God.
 And yeah, he's had plastic surgery to make him look like Superman. Oh, but you're beautiful as you are.
 Just do the posture, that's enough. He doesn't really look that much like Superman, to be honest.
 Yeah. Do you mean before or after he doesn't look like? In neither case, did he? Oh, Herbert.
 Isn't he also, but with Superman, it's largely the outfit that marks him out.
 Yeah, that's why Christopher Reeve, when you know, not in costume, was not mobbed because you look
 over and you see a bloke just in a shirt and trousers and you don't think, oh my God, I'm as mobbed him.
 You look over and you see Superman. You know, that's very exciting.
 Herbert Chavez just keeps walking into the Pinewood canteen waiting for people to mob him and go,
 another operation then. Oh, dear. Oh, that's so sad.
 I've got one more fact, which is that Superman was trained to get fit by Darth Vader.
 Right. Okay. What do you mean? Christopher Reeve, when he was getting fit for the movie, was trained by
 David Prouse, who was Darth Vader. Oh, my God. Oh, Steve Prouse is the West Country one, isn't he?
 Yes. And it looks like we've him doing Darth Lines in the West Country accent, which is the best thing
 possibly on the internet. Yes, yeah, because we all know it. So a famous Star Wars thing is that James
 Earl Jones became the voice, but there is your right footage where you can actually hear the
 West Country accent coming out of Vader's costume. Throw the Rebels out the airlock. It's so good.
 Okay, time for fact number three. And that is my fact. My fact is that this year Margaret Atwood
 submitted her latest novel and it's going to hit the bookshops in the year 2,114.
 God bloody publishes it. I bet she really rushed for that deadline.
 Yeah, this is so Margaret Atwood. She's the first author who's a part of a very new project called
 the Future Library project. And the idea is that a bunch of novelists for the next 100 years are
 going to submit a novel. And in 100 years time, starting from 2014, the first novel hit the
 Shops. It was started by a Scottish artist called Katie, Katie Patterson. She had this idea that
 it would be nice to do a long term project. And also the way they're going to publish it is
 they're growing a forest out in Oslo in a 100 years time. They'll chop the trees down and they
 will be turned into the books. It's so cool. Yeah, it's the big project going on. I read that they're
 putting a printing press in the library as well. So make sure that if 100 years we don't have
 the printing technology we have today, they can still turn the tree into paper and make sure
 those books definitely get ready in a hundred years. That's a good idea. Can you imagine if 100 years
 from now we really mess up this planet and we're really low on trees and suddenly they're like well
 we're just going to take this forest down. Well then the Margaret Atwood robots with her brain inside
 a massive robot comes along and stops people. She says no, these are my trees. That's a very good idea.
 The Margaret Atwood robot. I love that. I think she would like it. Yeah, she would. She's a sci-fi writer.
 It's such a good and strange idea. But you're right because it's like, it's like people
 150 years ago saying well we're going to have this extraordinary telegram competition in 100 years
 time and telegrams will be sent all over the world and we have no idea what's going to happen in the
 next 100 years. So I like it's optimistic. The printing press is a really good idea. It's not
 quite a long time. They'll have an excellent time. Yeah, that's true. So there's a reason what you
 can't say well again. Yeah, because when you say it, it sounds very futuristic. But you think
 actually 100 years ago we still read novels from 100 years ago, like older than that obviously. But
 it could be reading could be the same or it could be completely different. But they also say that
 if the world changes like language could be different or there's a thing that people think the
 handwriting might start dying out. So just what will people in 100 years be doing and reading and
 writing it? Yeah, none of us will know. But it's 100 years. You're right. It's not that long.
 Like this year has gone really quick. From a personal perspective, you know,
 I just need a few more of those and then you're there. So they said in this project you can submit
 anything. You can be like one word. It can be a poem. It can be a novel. That's a very dangerous
 idea for authors because they will submit one word. You'd spend about three weeks on that one word when
 you, at the end of it, you've got 9% of the forest left. It's, I think it's nice. In 100 years time,
 some people somewhere will definitely be reading books as we know them. Well, I read that in 21/15,
 which is 100 years in the future, people are predicted that the long maybe 600 language is left
 on earth as opposed to today 6,000. Oh god. So whatever language Margaret Atwood's written,
 and then you better hope that's one of them. Yeah. Because you're in English,
 presumably English. Yeah. That's awful. Yeah. There must have come a tipping point where the world
 stopped gaining languages and started losing them. I don't know. We've got the Avatar language now.
 We've got Klingon. We've got, I mean, I've done as that sounds. That is our language. That's not how
 Papua New Guinea got its 800 languages by the authors of fantasy novels and making up novels
 that people could go to each other at sci-fi conventions. Papua New Guinea is just one massive sci-fi
 convention. That's all that's made it through. Yeah. Like Klingon, they teach Klingon. They're
 Klingon schools now. It's a language though, but it's a language. I know it's a language, but it's not
 language that has developed over thousands of years. Klingon is not a replacement for the hundreds of
 people strange language. No, because we're not going to go over to Papua New Guinea and go,
 sorry to hear that you're losing your languages. We've got a new one for you though. We've got
 Dothraki for you. Yeah. I'm not suggesting we replace them. Right. I'm just saying there are new
 languages. So you know how Papua New Guinea is famously the place with the most languages. I think
 one in ten of the earth's languages have spoken there or something like that. Yeah, they've
 got at least 800. I mean, if you say there are 6,000 then yeah. Yeah, but apparently there are
 a few more in New York City or at least it's very close. The number in Papua New Guinea
 compares to the number in New York City. But the Papua New Guinea ones are native,
 presumably. In New York is sort of everywhere. Yeah. That's cool. That's very cool. I had to look for
 things that haven't been read at the time and I found out that so the World Bank released a lot of
 there, released all the reports of PDFs and they found out they nearly a third of them were never
 read. Never. Never. Never downloaded, never read. But the reason I love this story is the report that
 said the one reads them was released as a PDF and because this and because this story sort of did
 quite well and got a lot of coverage their most read PDF could be the PDF saying that he reads their
 PDFs. That's very good. That's brilliant. That's great. So the second author who's going to be
 contributing to this project is David Mitchell, the novelist. And there's something about this idea
 of submitting something that no one's going to be able to give you feedback on if you're an author.
 And I try to be tempting. No reviews. Yeah. No difficult sales for the paperback edition.
 I'd still like the advance, obviously. I need to go to the love it.
 Well, that's what kind of what happened with Mark Twain's autobiography, wasn't it? Yeah.
 Did he kind of say that no one was allowed to read it for a hundred years or something?
 Yeah, he did. I mean, he put a he put it into that was the deal. It could be published a hundred
 years after his death. And that is what happened. It's the first two volumes have come out. They're
 ginormous and they are. It's only about two years ago, three years ago. They finally got published.
 It's currently one Spike Milligan book that yet remains to be published. Spike Milligan can't find a
 publisher, right? It's basically Spike Milligan did a bunch of books called "According to." So
 Black Beauty, according to Spike Milligan, Treasure Island, hand of the basketballs. He rewrote
 the classics. Yeah. Mark Twain's autobiography, according to Spike Milligan. But this one book isn't
 at a copyright yet. And the copyright holders have refused to let him do that. So his agent,
 Norma Farns, is just holding on to it. And the copyright is going to come up in about 10 years or so.
 Right. Then we'll get one more Spike Milligan book. Yeah. That's the other thing about Margaret
 Atwood's thing. Doesn't copyright run out 70 years after you die? So she's not going to see any
 royalties. Well, she has, exactly. Like her estate won't see anything unless she lives for another 30
 years. Right. And she's what? 75 at the moment. Yeah. Yeah. She's intercepted. I guess. She's
 invented a thing called the Long Pen. Have you read about this? Yeah. It's just a really long pen.
 A long pen, very different. This is kind of like a futuristic invention. It's the idea that
 you can sign on a tablet, but it can appear. It was basically designed for book tours and so on.
 If she couldn't physically be in a place. Yeah. So they'll have like a robot arm. And you'll go and
 sit next to the robot arm. And then she'll do a Skype chat with you. And you'll say my name's,
 you know, Herbert Shabbat's or whatever. I've had dozens of operations to look like you, Margaret.
 But no one's mobbing me. And then she'll say, okay, Herbert, I'll sign your book for you. And then
 she'll sign it on a tablet. And then the robot arm will come down onto your book and sign exactly
 as she signed it. Wow. So rather than just being like, they have the other ones when they can just
 do a present signature because it's actually her doing it in real time. Yeah. So if she can't be in
 the room in Australia for a book signing, she could do a live Skype chat. And then you can go to a
 desk where there's a robot arm. And you can watch her signing it on Skype and the robot's doing it.
 I think we've got to be very careful with that kind of thing. And I think the voice of the author,
 whoever it is, should immediately be converted into a metallic robot voice. Thank you for coming to
 my signing. It was especially well for like, just to give you a novel signing. So you're like, well,
 I'll be there for you. Yeah. Here is Herbert. Yeah. I would. I did.
 Well, Robotic Margot Edward, as you were saying earlier, there was a good story in that.
 I had a look for authors whose books haven't been, had the later, had been lost. Dr. Zoys,
 when they cleared out his attic, I approve of that for the show. I don't just saw a clear,
 is that Dr. Seuss to the rest of us? Dr. S-E-U-S-A. Yeah, Dr. Zoys. Dr. Zoys is probably the perfect
 pronunciation, yeah. When he died, his busy box of sort of things got put to one side and then
 they found it in 2013. Three books, one of which is what pet should I get? I think it's like a fabulous
 book. Is it a dog? Is it a frog? I mean, it's a shame that Dr. Zoys has already written this book,
 otherwise. Christmas 2015 by the elves. Watch out for it. Okay, time for our final fact and that is
 Murray. My fact is that Japan is considering installing toilets in its lifts. Sounds like a plan to
 me. Yeah. Does it have very long lift journeys or what? Well, it doesn't, but it does have earthquakes.
 Lots of Japan. And when earthquakes happen and lifts get stuck, there are already some little seats
 in lifts so that elderly or infirm people can sit down because the last time I happened,
 people were stuck for hours in the lifts. And there has been a recent proposal and they haven't
 completed it yet, but they might do, which is to fit the seats with little toilets just inside,
 sort of, discreetly, so that if they have an enormous earthquake soon in Japan, they've calculated
 that up to 17,000 people could be trapped in lifts for some time while they just get everyone out
 and clear the buildings and so on. So that is, that would be quite good to have. That would be good.
 And then they could collect it all and power a bus. Yeah, that's true. But I was reading the story
 that talks about this and they kept referring to the earthquakes as going, we're expecting the big one.
 They really think it's imminently coming. This big, ginormous earthquake. But it's definitely
 better to be thinking that than thinking it'll be fine. There'll be no earthquakes around there any
 times. You know, there are lifts actually already have sensors in them that can detect the beginnings
 of earthquakes. So if they lift the tech, earthquakes coming, they sort of try and stop at a floor
 and get people out. They won't carry on. That's clever. That is so amazing.
 So clever. X safety mechanisms. Imagine if there's, like, just about to start an earthquake
 and then it stops on the floor to let you out, but you're halfway through having to poop.
 You're not meant to use it unless it's an earthquake. Oh, all right, okay. People will start using it
 for that reason though, right? Surely. Super responsibly. Imagine if you're about to get into a lift
 and someone walks out and goes, I'll give it a few minutes. So the really cool thing about lifts is
 they go back really fast. So the Colosseum had lifts, as I'm not sure if we've mentioned that before
 actually, but they were hand-powered. Yeah, and they were to get the animals up into the arena, right?
 Yeah. But the invention of the lift, or the lift becoming popular, completely changed what people
 think of as the best room in a building. So the best rooms in a building used to be on the first floor.
 Right. Because if you were wealthy, you didn't want to have to climb loads of stairs. And then suddenly
 the lift is invented and people think, oh, it's high up here and there's the sort of extra privilege
 of traveling in a lift. You've got a view. You've got a view and it's sort of more naturally exclusive,
 but in ancient Roman apartment blocks, the top floor was the port for the poorest.
 If you go to the big buildings in America like the richest people would always be on the top floor,
 but then after 9/11 they all moved down to the bottom floor. Wow. I believe that's true.
 Will that change again over time? I was only told by people at the time that that was happening.
 I don't know. Okay. The first generation of skyscrapers were known as elevator buildings.
 Were they? Really? That's really nice. They could only really exist because of the elevators
 I guess. Yes, they could only go high. And the first lift in London was at the Grovener Hotel,
 and it was called the ascending room. That's good. Oh, I heard of that. It sounds amazing.
 Yeah, it sounds really cool. Ancient Lesterop and so you know, ropes and simple mechanisms.
 And I read that in the Greek meaty aura mountains, they were people in baskets and hooked them
 up on ropes. And the story that I've been through asked them how often they change the rope and the
 reply was each time that it breaks. Very nice. Will you have confidence in this thing on that?
 Have you heard of Paternoster lifts? Yeah. They have one in the Arts Tower in Sheffield University.
 Really? Yeah. It's basically two lift shafts open to you without a door,
 and then there's a chain of compartments which one is always going up and one is always going down,
 right? And they move on a continuous belt, and you just step in as a compartment passes you by,
 and it carries you down. Wow. I know. And there are still apparently loads of them in Prague,
 because they didn't have quite the same safety standards, basically, during Communist times,
 so as they say, we don't need your safety standards. Same in Sheffield. Yeah, and there are some
 in Germany, and they're called Paternosters after our father, which is the Lord's Prayer,
 right? Because of the way you move rosary beads. Oh, yeah. How cool is that? They sort of click through
 up and down, yeah. I don't know that. That's very cool. My favourite thing actually, but this
 fact is that it does kind of fit into that thing of Japan, just consistently when you hear
 stories of Japan and technology, just feels like they're really cool, and they've got just great
 innovations. It's like, yeah, and bathroom stuff seems to be like there's an invention which
 is toilet slippers, the idea that you would change your house slippers into toilet slippers,
 and you could go in, and then you'd leave them at the toilet. So it's just a quite nice idea,
 but just a little inside fact for our show. If you listen to our theme tune right at the beginning
 of our show, there's a Japanese voice at the top of our theme tune. That is the voice of a bathtub
 in Japan telling the person in the flat that their bathtub is ready, that their bath is run, and it's
 ready. So Ash Gardner, who's been on the show and does Empress, he took that recording sitting in
 his kitchen of his bath telling him it's ready for him to come, so cool. That's very cool. I also read that
 in Japanese public toilets like in train stations and stuff, have these really cool things like they'll
 have like a seat, you've got a baby, you can put your baby in a seat, so you don't sort of balance your
 child and go to the toilet. They have like a sort of flip-down board, you can stand on if you want to
 change your socks or your shoes, you don't have to stand on the floor, everyone stands on their feet.
 That's a good idea. So you just have lots of very smart ideas. Japan is so clever in so many ways,
 it's so good. They have to be horrified when they come over here and like go to like waterloo station.
 I know. And the thing about removing your shoes is enormous, isn't it? In your own home, you would
 just never wear shoes. There's a tiny bit in the entrance hallway where you take your shoes off
 and you put on your slippers and then you're in your home. Nice sense. Yeah, it does, absolutely, it does.
 Do you know the food you take? So this is Japanese company, claimed to meet the world's smoothest
 lifts and they have a thing called the nickel test where they put a nickel or a coin place it starts
 facing up on the lift and then they ride it from the top to the bottom. If the coin is still there,
 it passes the test. Wait, do you mean on his edge? On his edge. That reminds me, just going back to buses
 from all that time ago. In China, they had this drive safely campaign of bus drivers and the way
 that they did it is they'd put like hang from the ceiling next to the driver like a walk full of water.
 And the idea was you couldn't jerk the bus because then you'd spill the water and that really happened.
 That's very good. Quite recently, I think that happened. That's quite smart. Yeah, that's very clever.
 The first department store in New York City to have a lift. It promised customers it would take
 them to the second floor in 26 seconds. Okay. Today, the lift in the Burjale Khalifa goes 2038 feet in
 35 seconds. That's how far we've come in that time. In 1989, the guy called Nicholas White got
 trapped in his office for 41 hours after there's a power cut and he got stuck between two floors and
 no one noticed him. He ended up having to pee there in the lift shaft, was he hoping to track the tension,
 but it didn't. I don't know where he was looking for attention from because no one lives at the bottom
 of the lift truck and will be inconvenienced by urine. His story is really sad, though, because it
 wrote his life. What? He wrote an article about it and saying because this happened in 1999 and he
 sought compensation, basically. Lots of lawyers came waggling, you know, a million figures
 sums in front of him. He's spent about five years trying to get compensation and in the end he got sort
 of, you know, some compensation, but nothing like the millions that he'd been led to.
 It's only 41 hours of overtime. Yeah, well, and then his relationship broke down and he said,
 "Oh, no." This is basically ruined my life and I did this to myself. I shouldn't have
 gone looking for that and I gave into the temptation. Yeah, really, really sad. Do you know the person
 who's got the world record for the longest time stuck in the lift? Was it Nicholas White?
 No, it was a separate lady called Kivoli Papa John. Papa John? Papa John of the
 Papa John family. Was she delivery? No, she was going to get her groceries.
 Of course she's going to get tomato, some mozzarella, sweet corn, pepperoni. Maybe some pineapple and
 tam if she was feeling fun. Well, it's a full name in and of itself, which is why it's not really
 a surname as far as I know. But yeah, she went out to get her groceries in December 1987 and she's
 but people keep laughing at her about her surname. It's not fair. I think it's a hoax call.
 So it's a what happened? She was stuck in her lift in the her apartment block for six days.
 But luckily she just been shopping so she had loads of food. Yeah, it was. But when you say she
 holds the world record, was that like she was five days in and there we go. Listen, Mrs Papa John,
 we've got Guinness coming. Hold on for a bit longer and we reckon we could get a really good record.
 She holding the door shut with her trying to come on. I need one more hour in here and I get the record.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you'd like to get in
 contact with any of us about the stuff we've said over the course of this podcast, we're all on
 Twitter. You can get me on @Shriverland. James @Xshaped and @Miller_Andy @AndruhunterM.
 You can also get us all on @QiPodcast. You can email us on podcast@Qi.com and you can also go to
 nosuch thing as a fish.com where we've got all of our previous episodes. We'll see you again next week
 back with another episode. Goodbye.
 [Music]
 you
 you
 you
 you
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
