 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 You did no such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph.
 No such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to the pilot episode of No Such Thing as a Fish
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan.
 I'm sitting with three other QI elves, James, Andy, and Anna.
 And each week we're going to get around this microphone
 and share our favorite facts from the last seven days.
 So in no particular order, here are the best things
 we found out this week.
 OK, let's start with fact number one that
 comes from you, James.
 I went this weekend to the Collider Exhibition,
 the Large Hadron Collider Exhibition at the Science Museum.
 OK.
 And I got fat there.
 The Large Hadron Collider was almost turned off.
 I think it was turned off for a short amount of time,
 for what reason?
 What do you think?
 Because the rewiring needed maintenance.
 We're good maintenance.
 And it's a lot more low-fi than that.
 Apparently they found a piece of baguette in the machinery.
 And it made the temperature go up by seven degrees
 and they had to turn the whole thing off
 before they found the baguette.
 If you work with a friend, this will happen.
 I've always thrown my baguette into the machine.
 You're actually a pest, sorry.
 But what they actually think happened
 is that a bird somehow dropped it into an event
 or something like that.
 And it was found there.
 But some of the physicists who were there at the time
 actually thought that maybe it was a time-traveling bird
 sent from the future to ask about the experiment.
 Well, he's just pretty cool.
 Maybe the worst thing I've ever made to seek for ever.
 Or when they first saw the baguette, they're like,
 "Whoa, the Higgs boson is way bigger than that."
 Found it!
 Yeah, it's here.
 It's all bread-like.
 That's why they turned it off.
 Job done.
 The Higgs baguette is--
 The Higgs boson is covered in tuna mayonnaise.
 Surely someone's marketing a Higgs baguette now in Paris.
 But there it was.
 There was a guy who wasn't there who broke into CERN.
 He broke in.
 His name was--
 How would you say this, Andy?
 Eloy?
 Eloy?
 Eloy at Cole.
 Strangely dressed match.
 Man, he said that he traveled back in time
 to prevent the LHC from destroying the world.
 So they've had a number of time-traveling--
 Yeah, well, that was one theory that the reason we hadn't had
 time-travelers yet was we hadn't invented the Large Hadron
 Collider, which would presumably then
 be the machine that would get them back.
 So you can't have time-travelers until you build the machine.
 So that's why we haven't had them in the past.
 Well, here's the final sentence of this story.
 Mr. Cole, as his name was, was taken
 to a secure mental health facility in Geneva,
 but later disappeared from his cell.
 Police are battled, but not that bothered.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What a second.
 I should point out that Dad is on David Aikdog.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Because I just googled it, and that's the first thing
 that came on, but this is the talkboards.
 It looks like they've lifted this from Crave Docks.
 OK.
 Good.
 I don't know if that's any more reputable,
 but--
 Because there was a bit of worry at the time
 that the whole universe was going to end, wasn't there?
 Yeah.
 They thought that--
 because what they were actually doing
 was making very, very, very tiny black holes.
 And I think in people's minds, they thought,
 well, what if they get--
 What if they get bigger?
 Yeah, yeah.
 But I think what had happened, I might be wrong about this,
 because I'm going off memory a little bit.
 But I think this scientist said that there was a chance
 of the world ending, but it was something like 10,000 billion,
 billion, billion, billion to one chance, which is pretty much
 the chance of the world ending anyway in that kind of time.
 But I think they didn't help themselves by saying that.
 And some old people here is what the world's going to end.
 I think there was a big switch on day.
 Do you remember?
 It was when the machine was first used to be switched on.
 And the BBC went to a wall-to-wall coverage
 over-- I had to write about it for private eyes.
 Everyone going crazy about it.
 And when it didn't work for another nine months,
 they couldn't switch.
 Oh, yeah, I remember that.
 That was a slight problem in the world.
 That's-- there was a story in the news this week
 about the spaceship that had been--
 Oh, yeah, yeah, there's a lot like that.
 Is it called Atticus?
 Can you check what's the--
 it's satellite that we sent up that's
 been asleep for three years.
 And we sort of sent an alarm on it to wake it up yesterday.
 That's it, yeah.
 And so there was a big thing where they're all waiting.
 And you could stream mission control in--
 was it Russia or maybe, I'm not sure what country it was,
 America?
 You could watch it, what do you mean?
 You could watch it.
 You could watch the controller.
 They were waiting, because it was going to be switched on.
 And there was an hour window where it didn't come on.
 So they were waiting.
 And then tension started getting high.
 And then--
 Yeah, so it was actually-- it wasn't too long,
 but yeah, so there was 10 minutes where it was late waking up.
 And it happened to any signals back.
 And then they started to get increasingly tense.
 And if you watch the video, which I now have,
 they suddenly start to panic.
 And it all goes really silent.
 And then it was actually 18 minutes late waking up,
 because what they think happened
 is somehow the satellite put its alarm on snooze.
 And just postpone its wake up call for 18 minutes.
 And then-- which is fair enough, you know?
 If you're going to think for three years,
 you can't be expected to just bounce out of there.
 I think it was Rosetta, wasn't it?
 Rosetta, yeah.
 Rosetta, yes.
 It's a silent--
 That's incredible, I'm trying.
 Has got an awesome solar system, in fact, how many?
 Yes.
 OK, no, this is going--
 I know, you haven't heard this yet, so--
 No, I haven't.
 I'm prepared.
 It's your turn.
 This has raised some controversy in the office,
 but let's go for it.
 In 2007, the largest object in the solar system
 was-- what do you think, Anna?
 The sun.
 No, it was a comet called comet homes, which was--
 the comet itself, the main body of it,
 is three kilometers across.
 And it had this extraordinary explosion at the surface.
 And the corona of dust, they call it the comet coma,
 is the name for it, was bigger than the sun.
 It was 1.4 million kilometers.
 Out of here, it was 1.4 million kilometers across, I think.
 And that all counted as part of the body of the comet.
 Yes, it was 1% of the total mass of the comet
 is a huge dust.
 Because the sun is emptier than we think it is,
 I think that was fair to say.
 Who do you think?
 I mean, it depends on your definition of the sun, really,
 because there's an argument that the sun is actually
 the size of the solar system, because that's
 as far as the solar, as you know, the--
 As long as the solar wind goes all the way out to there,
 there's still articles from the sun
 that are getting all the way out to Pluto and beyond.
 So there is an argument that we all live inside the sun
 at the moment.
 Yeah, well, that's true, then the comet thing is not.
 But if the sun is the size that everyone else says it is,
 it's a comet.
 It was bigger, briefly.
 And nothing is only me who says that.
 What's the comet called?
 Comet Holmes, as in show.
 Oh, a comet, OK.
 Big boy.
 That's interesting, Salah.
 They're not just doing this for the naming, really.
 That's what you would have called it.
 That's what I would have called it, I guess,
 is why I'm not a scientist.
 There's actually a body, Alex only took this up,
 because I can't remember what it's called, which
 is responsible for the official non-oncature
 of everything in the solar system.
 And it has these most specific rules
 that everything has to be called.
 It's called like the internet.
 It's a branch of NASA.
 So for instance, one of its rules
 is that Martian craters that measure less than 60 kilometers
 in diameter have to be named after villages of the world
 with a population smaller than 100,000 people.
 So they have to-- so like, tooting.
 There's a critical tooting, because--
 It is, though.
 Yeah, there it is.
 It's so pleasing.
 And the other one, and this is, I think,
 was a headline that James saw when he came
 onto my computer at it, is there
 is to be no penis on Venus.
 This is-- this is your excuse.
 I saw there is no penis on Venus.
 And now you'll make it up a story.
 And I was hopefully googling in case there was.
 You taste.
 I've been through that.
 That's nothing.
 That's me.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, guys.
 Better from Mars.
 Better from Mars.
 Women are probably Venus.
 And yet there's no like only male or Mars.
 So you're not allowed to call anything on Venus
 after anything male.
 So everything on Venus.
 And either the real thing or everything.
 Or the craters or the mountains.
 Because Venus is--
 I don't know.
 Oh, because Venus was female.
 Venus is female.
 Except this was only introduced in the early '70s.
 And before that, they had named the highest mountain.
 Malpidus.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Which is called Maxwell Montaise, named
 after a male physicist.
 But so he's sitting there on Venus, the only guy
 who has mountains surrounded by thousands
 and thousands of women.
 And you can't do anything about it.
 Because he's a mountain.
 That's why he's known that as brilliant.
 That is amazing.
 Alpha ladies for the L series.
 Albinadies.
 Yeah.
 That's a hell of a lot of masters.
 Yeah.
 You know any man on Venus?
 Cool.
 OK, well, let's wrap up because we've got stuff to do.
 OK, before we go, I just got to say, if anyone wants
 to see the Collider exhibition, it's pretty good.
 Go down to the Science Museum.
 On until 6 May, it costs about 10 and so again.
 And I highly recommend it.
 And what do you get to see, is it?
 It's just lots of facts about how it works.
 And there's lots of interactive stuff.
 Yeah, and do us a favor.
 Bring a baguette.
 Leave it there.
 Take a photo of some baffle science.
 Let's try to work out how we got it there.
 OK, fact number two, Anna, this one's yours.
 Yeah.
 So, for the last month of his life, US President James Garfield ate
 everything through his anus.
 Big claim, Anna.
 I mean, we all get letters from a lot of people.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I wasn't there, but this is what the doctors tell me.
 No, so James Garfield was, as everyone obviously knows,
 shot in July 1881.
 And he lived for a further 80 days.
 He was shot in the small, in the like,
 small of his back and once in the arm.
 So doctors now say he would have been
 that our hospital about two or three days later.
 But obviously, because medicine was not as
 quite as effective as it is now in 1881,
 they just invited like dozens of doctors to his bedside
 who all prodded around trying to find this bullet.
 They didn't know where the bullet had gone in his body.
 So they gathered around, prodded about, made him worse and worse.
 He's stopped being able to eat.
 And obviously, if you stop being able to consume food in those days,
 they just shoved it up your ass.
 And so that's what they did.
 So does that work?
 It does not work, no.
 It was widely discredited in the '30s.
 I think you get about an eighth of the nutrition from some of the food.
 Oh, there's some food that you can't absorb at all.
 What I love is the list of foods that he was fed in this morning.
 That's brilliant.
 Beef, we are.
 Egg yolks, milk, egg yolks.
 Egg yolks, wait a minute.
 So for the moment, guys, egg yolks was only true for a while.
 So I was reading the doctor at the time, his report on it.
 So yeah, he was fed egg yolks for a bit of time.
 And then all the surgeons complained that it was causing an annoying
 and offensive flitus.
 And so they ceased beating in the egg yolks.
 And the truth had to be.
 So they stopped it, because it was annoying then.
 Not the other way around.
 Guys, I'd be quite happy with my mouth.
 That's all I'd like for you guys.
 That's the thing as well.
 He wasn't shut in his mouth.
 That's not my--
 Because you and me have still one time.
 He could've still-- he could've still-- he could've just--
 He's still tall.
 Yeah, he's still tall.
 Yeah.
 The doctors were amazing.
 The main doctor in charge of saving it was called Dr. Willard Bliss,
 with two doctors.
 His first name was Dr. Willard Bliss.
 The doctor is really tragic.
 You should go on with the lit, because they're different.
 Yeah, what else is there?
 That's all I know about what he was fed in that time.
 I think maybe that was the only food they were
 at an intergrinding beef.
 But he was also given whisky and drops of opium
 and whisky--
 Whisky up his ass.
 Whisky up his ass?
 Yeah, because I mean, if you're in that sort of a state,
 I think at least you want a few drums.
 Yeah, it's terrible.
 He was such a talented man that his party
 was he could write Latin in one hand and greet
 with the other simultaneously.
 Wow.
 He campaigned for the presidency in more than one language.
 Wow.
 Sometimes he campaigned in English, some places
 he spoke in German.
 He was this eventually--
 No, I didn't.
 I didn't think he did that.
 But he was president for four months.
 And then he was shocked.
 And then he lingered for another three months.
 It's like the matter of what?
 Like, you could write Greek with your left
 and land it with your right.
 In the fact, you could eat to your age.
 Well, forever, overshadowed.
 Trump's it all.
 I actually looked up-- because I knew Andy said earlier
 that you had a list of things that he ate.
 I thought it would be interesting to look up
 of what his favorite foods were.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So that--
 If I was there, I'd be like, I'm going
 to try and get you a sneaky dish on the side, you know?
 So his favorite food was squirrel soup.
 What?
 Yeah.
 Really?
 And actually, there was a guy called Crook.
 And he really wanted to cook squirrel soup for the president.
 They needed him to be a bit better.
 I think to the point where he was eating again with his mouth.
 That kind of good.
 And they were given permission to shoot squirrels
 on the grounds of the soldier's homes
 in order to get the squirrels in order to do it.
 And he loved milk.
 Really loved milk.
 And there was a company called the Adams Express Company
 from Baltimore.
 And they actually sent a cow to the White House
 so they could milk it every day so that he could get fresh milk
 while he was dying.
 Well, he was shocked.
 He was given milk in the manner we've described.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, you were saying that Alexander Graham Bell
 was there while he was dying?
 Yes.
 So I mean, I initially thought about phrasing this fact.
 As Alexander Graham Bell actually killed President James
 Garfield, and then I felt like there might be lawsuits
 from his family.
 But because they'd lost the bullet and because in his body
 and because, coincidentally, Alexander Graham Bell
 had been developing the metal detector at the time,
 they invited him along.
 And he tried to find the bullet in his body.
 But failed on account of the fact that he was on a bed,
 whether on a metal bedsprings, and so
 they obviously thought he'd been machine-guned.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [INAUDIBLE]
 They're everywhere.
 There's something I can do.
 It's just incredible that--
 I mean, the genius of inventing a metal detector
 and they're not thinking to remove the massive source
 of metal, and they think, I'm not incredible.
 I think you imagined, like, quietly Alexander Graham Bell
 was like, I think the president is a robot.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That would have been his discovery, OK?
 I'm not sure if James Garfield was a robot.
 He might have been a sea cucumber,
 because they actually do eat through the renaces.
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 They found this out quite recently,
 because you know that they breathe through the renaces.
 They pull water in and then push it out
 and the oxygenated water helps them to breathe.
 And they thought, well, maybe they take in food there as well.
 And they found out that they have a gut in the middle
 and they eat through the mouth and through the renaces.
 So it comes in from both sides.
 That's pretty cool, isn't it?
 That is cool.
 It's amazing.
 Yeah.
 And can they taste it?
 Do they have taste buds in the renaces, do you think?
 I don't know if they have taste buds in the renaces.
 Well, James, you found out what else you can taste with,
 didn't you?
 Oh, yeah.
 You can taste with your testicles.
 Well, well, here's the thing.
 You have taste receptors in your testicles.
 No one's quite sure what they're for.
 But you also have smell receptors in your lungs.
 And the reason we do know why they're there,
 because if you get a really terrible smell
 and your receptors in your lungs can smell it,
 then it'll close up your esophagus
 and stop anything poisonous from going into your body.
 But as far as I know, no one's found out yet
 why we have taste receptors in their testicles.
 Maybe someone will tweet me at egg shapes
 if you know why we can taste with our testicles.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Let's move on to fact three.
 That is James, your facts.
 So my fact is, in 2013, six people in the US
 named their child Mushroom.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I mean, I just love that.
 I love the kind of thing which we do on QI,
 which you sometimes just get a load of data
 and mine through it for the funny bits,
 which is where this came from, which
 is a big list of all the baby names in the American Mushroom.
 I mean, it's what would possess you to--
 I think this one's quite nice.
 It does sound cool actually.
 Mushroom. Mushroom.
 Hey, mushroom.
 It's sort of--
 Shroom for sure.
 Is that any fungus?
 Fungus doesn't sound nice.
 Fungus.
 Because I like that.
 I think it's weird, because I have a mild mushroom phobia.
 I think I know how to do.
 Yeah, I find them like very disgusting things.
 What the hell are you talking about, James?
 It's just the way that they reproduced with spars
 and they grow at dead things and stuff.
 I just find--
 I think a lot of people don't.
 Yeah, don't like mushrooms.
 There's something dead about them.
 Yeah.
 And it's a weird one that you--
 I find-- because my friend hates mushrooms as well.
 And if I have a pizza with them, we have to remove them.
 Yeah.
 Well, you know him, Ash, who did the theme tune for our show,
 and pre-S.
 But you kind of have to respect a hatred of mushroom or a feared
 mushroom in the same way you respect someone's religious beliefs.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I really feel like someone doesn't like mushrooms.
 I really have to be like, oh, OK, I appreciate them.
 I will remove it from any of the foods
 that we will have in this house from here on in.
 Yeah, it's true.
 Mushrooms are really hateful.
 Yeah, they've paid it with a passion.
 Oh, really?
 It's a bit like vegetarianism because you're
 excluding an entire area of the mushrooms in their own kingdom.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And the mushrooms are a kingdom, aren't they?
 Yeah, fungi are a kingdom in the same way
 that animals and plants are.
 But if you think actually mushrooms are more closely
 related to animals than they are to plants, are they?
 Yeah, no.
 Yeah, that's true.
 How?
 How?
 As in they bread and stuff.
 What animal-like activities do they take part in?
 Do you get packs of mushrooms hunting and are they?
 [LAUGHTER]
 The mushroom approaches it's really.
 Really slowly.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I love names.
 I'm obsessed with--
 because I always find them, particularly in pop culture.
 I mean, it's definitely been the rise of the celebrity world
 that suddenly--
 it's like celebrities are going, I've
 called my child mushroom.
 What are you going to do about it?
 I'm going to say, oh, nothing.
 Good, catch you later.
 We'll do the same.
 Jazee's out.
 Yeah.
 Because my two favorite ones from recent times
 are, "Dramane Jackson of the Jackson 5"
 has changed his surname from Jackson to Jackson.
 And so he's taken the apostrophe now.
 No, so instead of Jackson with an "o" end at the end,
 it's "u" end.
 So it's Jackson.
 Because he doesn't want to be associated anymore
 with the Jackson brand.
 [INTERPOSING VOICES]
 And he held a press conference because he
 was talking about his new album.
 And he announced it as press conference.
 He said, by the way, I have changed my name from here on in.
 I want to be now known as "Dramane Jackson," not "Dramane Jackson."
 And so they asked him, why have you done this?
 And he said, I don't want to talk about it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So we don't know his actual proper reasonings that everyone
 just thinks that he wants to get away from it.
 I have this big list of American people's names,
 like baby names from 2013.
 And these are all male children with five people named
 these names in America.
 So Vader, Darth Vader, that's a good name as well.
 And also Vader was a WWF wrestler.
 Oh, of course.
 Yeah.
 Is there anyone called Darth Vader?
 Darth Vader?
 Just accidentally.
 No, no, no, no.
 No, no, no, no, with a G.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Don't have what happens all the time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Anyway, because I just pick up my asthma bottle.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry, Vader.
 Yeah, so five boys called Vader.
 Five boys called Kestrel, which is quite a nice name.
 Yeah, Kestrel is good.
 Five boys named Lucifer, not as nice.
 That's an odd one, yeah, not as nice.
 It means light bearing.
 I mean, they could have said that he started out well.
 He was an angel to start.
 That is weird.
 Five boys called Sophie.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And also Romance and Naomi.
 They were boys with those names.
 Oh.
 Oh, man.
 Romance is quite unfair.
 This is very nice.
 Obama's mum.
 Do you know what her name was?
 No.
 This really shocked me when I read this.
 I was reading his autobiography.
 And because remember the time when he was initially
 being nominated, everyone went on about his name.
 Like, there's a big thing his name.
 And so I'm surprised no one picked up on this.
 His mother's first name was Stanley.
 Stanley Obama, she was called Stand the Man at School.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Actually, in the older days, obviously,
 names sometimes do change sex.
 So I looked at the 1880 census.
 And there were 13 girls in America called Frank.
 Is it true?
 Oh, one of them.
 Ruth Felt.
 Oh, was it Ruth Felt?
 I had an aunt called Frank.
 One of the American presidents had an aunt called Frank.
 There were also 14 Sessels and 46 John's, the one of our female.
 And in last year in America, there were 31 Johans.
 Because, like, did you want to spell John's name?
 Oh, I want to spell John's name.
 It's a tough word.
 Yeah.
 Also, there were 1,436 people called Israel.
 And 64 called Israel.
 Israel.
 Israel, man.
 I also-- I love people who have a name that kind of means
 that you can do a lot with it, like Mike Love of the Beach Boys.
 So Love, being his surname, he's obviously gone great.
 I can put Love onto everything.
 So he's got four unreleased albums.
 They're really bad.
 So the first album was called First Love.
 Second album was called Second Love.
 Country Love.
 Oh, nice.
 He missed a trick there.
 Then there was Looking Back with Love.
 This is great.
 That one was released.
 That one made it.
 So the third unreleased one was Unleash the Love.
 And then this is the best one at all.
 His fourth unreleased album.
 Anyone have a bash?
 What pun times will he like?
 Love hurts.
 Oh, that's good.
 Yeah.
 15 Love.
 Oh, nice.
 No, Andy.
 The power of Love?
 That's good, but no.
 Where is the Love?
 We're just naming other songs.
 They can't still love the songs we love.
 OK, it was Mike Love, not War.
 I love War.
 We know someone called Diamond Love, don't we?
 We do know Diamond Love, that's very good.
 Oh, and you had your friends dad.
 That's-- I love this one.
 OK, yeah.
 So this is Jenny Ryan, who's done a lot of work on QI.
 Ryan The Past.
 And her stepfather, I think, is called--
 he was called James Brown.
 And he got so annoyed with people making jokes about him
 that he changed his name to Dan Brown.
 And then became the most famous author of all time.
 That's so good.
 I love that one.
 That's great.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Fact number four.
 OK, fact number four is--
 I was talking to this historian the other day on Twitter.
 Because I don't know if you saw on Friday last week on Twitter.
 It just went nuts with people.
 Historians talking about Alfred the Great bones being found.
 Because we haven't found many monarchs, right?
 Generally.
 Yeah.
 Well, we famously found Richard III.
 Richard III about two years ago.
 And so they're really excited because they dug up an area
 where they saw Alfred the Great was meant to be buried.
 Turns out he wasn't buried there.
 And then they went to a museum storage
 where they had a bunch of other bones
 that they assumed to be animal bones.
 And they found his pelvis bone now.
 So we have Alfred the Great's pelvis bone.
 Or do we?
 They don't quite know.
 Where's the rest of him, if we're not sure about him?
 We're not sure, but we have a pelvis bone, which feels just
 really like-- you know all those classic Jesus's grandmother's
 head and all those relics of the past.
 I have a fact about pelvis bones.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, absolutely.
 OK, so there's a department in the Natural History
 Museum that if you find something weird in your garden
 or whatever, you can give it to them.
 And they'll tell you what it is.
 And it's usually people who find what they think
 is like jelly from space or cryptozoology things.
 Jelly from space.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, it's what people think, you know.
 What is it, though?
 OK, that wasn't my fight, but the jelly from space
 is whenever there is a meter, right?
 People seem to find this jelly on the floor.
 And there's been for hundreds of years,
 people have thought that the two are to do with each other.
 Yeah.
 Nobody knows what it's from, it's called Star Jelly.
 And nobody really knows what it is, there's lots of theories.
 There's jelly that we don't know what it is.
 I think, yeah.
 I've heard of Star Jelly, but I've never researched what it is.
 You know about this mysterious jelly
 that I've heard about in my thought, well, I'll just leave that be.
 I'm sure a team worker can be curious about everything.
 OK, so as well as getting weird jelly,
 they also get what people think are dragon heads.
 And whenever they find a dragon head,
 it is usually the pelvis of a seabird like a puffin.
 Because apparently a puffin's pelvis looks like a dragon's head.
 That's great.
 So that's my pelvis for all claims of dragon heads
 turn out to be pelvis.
 Yeah, the ones that these guys get, yeah.
 Because do you know that this thing about--
 you find people thought that you would have one-eyed monsters.
 So they're like, what do you call these monsters with one eye?
 Psychologists.
 Yeah.
 And the theory is that what they actually
 did was they would find the skulls of elephants.
 And were the elephant skulls, actually.
 They would look like they have a big hole in the middle,
 like it would be one eye hole.
 And that's where the theory sometimes goes wrong.
 Well, the best thing that you've told me
 that I've been telling everyone for the past two weeks
 is that the majority of sightings photos taken of semonsters
 turn out not to be semonsters, but in most cases,
 the penises of gray whales.
 Because they mate at the surface.
 So these giant whales, they always mate at the surface.
 And they always mate in three-sums, two males and a female,
 which means that there's always one spare penis
 floating around the surface.
 And it's sticking out of the top of the wall.
 Yeah, if people Google this, if you're at home listening
 and you Google gray whale penis, you will see it.
 And it doesn't.
 It does.
 I can't believe it.
 That's very important.
 But it's very true.
 I've looked at it.
 And the majority of the photos that you will see
 of people claiming to have caught a semonster in camera,
 they just-- they have it.
 But anyway, so on Twitter, when I was talking
 to Greg Jenner, Francesca Stavracapolo, all these historians,
 they started off by going, wow, Alfred the Great,
 an interesting find potentially.
 And then they're all now saying not so much an interesting find.
 Like it probably will turn out not to be.
 But it got me-- I just wanted to look into it
 because I didn't know much about it.
 And it led me to the story of how Richard III's bones
 were found recently.
 Yeah, so they were found in a car park in Lester.
 They were found in a car park in Lester.
 So what I didn't know, we all know that exactly.
 It was a very big find.
 What I didn't know is the person who found it,
 Philip Alangley.
 Does anyone here know about Philip Alangley?
 So you do change, Anna?
 Do you know that?
 OK.
 What would you assume the person who found Richard III's bones
 does for a profound--
 You assume she was an archaeologist, although--
 I have read something about her that tells me she's not,
 and I was like, I assume you wouldn't ask me if she were.
 You're like--
 I'm sure I'm going to be a archaeologist.
 Yeah, so she's not an archaeologist.
 She's a screenwriter.
 She's been writing for the last seven years, a story
 of script about Richard III, and she got involved in research.
 And so she started going to all the places
 where potentially Richard III was supposed to be buried.
 She went to Lester, and she went to a spot
 where it was a loose end.
 It didn't look like where they said he might be buried,
 where he was.
 And as she was leaving from effectively a disappointing trip,
 another one over the course of seven years,
 she saw a car park on the side and got an uncontrollable urge
 to go inside.
 So she went into the car park, and she was like,
 I feel like the king is here.
 But she left it.
 She went off.
 She came back a year later.
 She felt the same urge, and she saw on the ground
 a gigantic r handwriting, because the huge r on the floor.
 And she said, that's where he's buried.
 Now, the r is a painted r for reserved on a car park.
 Oh, she's not a crazy person.
 Yeah, so she said it's here.
 No one believed her.
 She raised 34,000 pounds for them to dig it up.
 She got channeled forward to come and film it.
 And they dug in the spot, a rich of the third was there.
 And it was a psychic.
 What was the word that I said to you earlier?
 A pre-sentiment.
 A psychic pre-sentiment.
 She just went, this is where he is.
 But what you don't know is that she's actually
 be going all over the country digging up holes for 20 years.
 Exactly.
 And he's saying that in our heart.
 Every part of you, so good.
 Does that mean, Dan, that you believe that psychic?
 No, not at all.
 I just think that's one of the most wonderful--
 that story could not get any better.
 A giant R, like an X marks the spot, but the initial of the king.
 You know that the Ministry of Defense spent 20,000 pounds
 trying to prove that ESP existed.
 Only even in the last 20 years, they did that.
 Really?
 Yes.
 Why are they trying to prove that?
 Well, I always think the reason they do it
 is because they think if it does, we want to be first.
 And they think the Russians are probably going into this.
 So is everyone else.
 We might as well have a go at it.
 I could have told them that it didn't.
 In fact, I tried to tell them really hard.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What was strange when they found Richard III,
 I thought, is we'd actually run on QI a few years ago
 whether Richard had a hunchback.
 And we said he didn't.
 It was all made up by Shakespeare and people
 who wanted to deface him after his death.
 But then when they found him, they
 found that he did have like an arch to his--
 Yes, an S-shaped spine, as what they said.
 But no, I just find that fascinating,
 because I love it when things are found by people
 who shouldn't be finding the thing in question.
 But convinced they're going to find it.
 I mean, that's the only instance.
 Is it maybe something to do with the fact
 that just like you usually do dig up ground,
 like either it's agricultural ground, so you dig it up,
 or you're like putting buildings into your dig it up.
 So car parks don't really need to foundation.
 So they're just things that haven't been discovered yet.
 Not sure.
 Because yeah, there are quite a lot of discoveries.
 In fact, I think we should ask at some point the question,
 what vital archaeological discovery was made
 under a car park in Leicester last year?
 I'm going to say that was the body of Rich of the Third last year.
 Oh, James, you fell right into the--
 No, no, no, no.
 Last year, yeah.
 Last year.
 No, no, I did.
 Yeah, another car park in Leicester.
 Same team who dug up the Rich of the Third
 after psychic women pointed them the right direction.
 I dug up this ancient Roman cemetery,
 which like revealed a whole bunch of stuff
 about how Romans used to bury pagans and religious people
 and Christians together and--
 Yeah, just revealed this.
 No, the car park, Leicester.
 Why don't we just dig up all the car parks in Leicester?
 Yeah, so under that one, that Romans.
 Dig up the helicopter zoo and find King Harrel.
 Cool, so that's our show.
 Thanks so much for listening to No Such Thing as a Fish.
 If you want to find out more about any of the things
 on the show, you can go to qi.com/podcast,
 where we're going to have pictures.
 We're going to have extra bits of information
 and biographies of every single one of the elves
 who appeared on this show.
 And you'll find out about who's going to be appearing
 on our future episodes.
 If you want to tweet us individually to ask us
 about something we said, you can get me
 on @Sriberland.
 James, you're on @xshaped.
 And Andy.
 Andrew Hunter.
 And Anna isn't on Twitter, but we're
 going to try and get her on it at some point.
 But I'm still there, and if you want to get to her,
 act quick,ipedia.
 So anyway, we'll see you again next week.
 And hopefully you enjoyed the show and join us again
 next time.
 Good bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (SINGING) You hold on to me.
 I hold on to you.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
