 Hey clubfish members, how you doing? It is a compilation episode for you this week. All the
 offcuts from the main episode that didn't quite fit into the narrative shape of what we wanted to
 put out in the main episodes, but still awesome stuff and so we're really glad that we've got
 somewhere for you all to hear it. So before we get into today's episode, I should say that our
 first live show of the year is creeping up on us. It's going to be a festival in Belgium at the
 Nerdland festival. So it's going to be us four fishers on stage doing an entire live recording
 at one of the greatest festivals in the world and I say that really sincerely. I love going to it.
 It is such a joyous occasion. Everywhere you go is just pockets of nerddom. It's really kid-friendly.
 It's really worth going to if you're able to. Event-wise it probably helps to speak the local
 languages, but they're often a bunch of English events like our event. So yeah, do check that out.
 It's called Nerdland. You'll find it online. You can find tickets through our website. And if you
 go to our website looking for those tickets, you'll also see a link to our first UK live show,
 which is going to be at the Crossed Wires Festival. I've been mentioning it at the end of every single
 episode. Come to our show. We're going to be doing a live recording. There's going to be a few extra
 fun bits going on. If you're near the area, please do come. So again, just head to our website and
 you'll find the links there. Alright, let's get on with the compilation. The only thing to say about
 it is you're going to notice sort of halfway through a conversation that happens where we're
 unsure who is right. I won't say anything ahead of it, but I just want you to know. Turns out we were
 both right. You'll see what I mean when you get to it. Anyway, here we go on with the compilation.
 You used to have to be able to fake cry as your job if you had a specific job in Paris
 in the 1820s. Oh, is this gettable? Is this like an official, like a mourner? What about tricketers?
 Like the people who were at the bottom of the guillotine watching people die?
 Oh, I didn't know that was a thing. Yeah, you like used to get women who were knitting. Oh,
 the knitters. Are we supposed to cry as well? They were quite cheerful about the whole thing,
 weren't they? Yeah, they were doing their knitting. That was their entertainment was the
 guillotine. 1820s. So it's a bit after the Napoleonic Wars. In Paris. Is that a clue? You know about
 these people, but we've never mentioned them before on the show. It's specifically the clacker,
 which we have never mentioned before. These are people who would be paid to go to the theatre
 and have a certain reaction. So if you went to see a play in Paris, a few dozen spots would be
 occupied by clacker. If it was a comedy, they'd be employed to laugh. They'd be employed to gasp,
 they'd be employed to sob. And you had different types of clackers. There was actually a clacker
 school that was set up by a guy called Monsieur Sautant. And you'd have the Ria, who were the
 loud laughers. And then you'd have the Pluchas, who were the cryers, who were women who were paid to
 turn up and cry hysterically. And then actually... So annoying sitting next to these people in the
 theatre. People got really annoyed. They used to do quite a lot of fights between audience members
 and clackers, especially because you also had the commissaires, who were a type of clacker,
 who memorized the better parts of the play to call their neighbour's attention to them.
 So I suppose that... That's like an English teacher. There's Shakespeare play.
 To be or not to be. Do you remember? Yeah, it's good, isn't it?
 Because that is the most annoying thing someone can do at the theatre.
 Poison stuff out, is it? It's like, repeatedly, or if you're at a concert and someone's humming
 along next to you, like a classical concert. Oh, right. Not like a Bruce Springsteen concert,
 and everyone's sitting in Bond in the USA, and Andy's going, "I'm trying to listen to Bruce!"
 I mean, I do. I do slightly. It's not about us, is it? It's about Bruce's song.
 20 years ago, I would have disagreed with you, Andy, but I'm totally on board now.
 Stop singing. Let the dude sing. It's Bruce. They leave gaps. Actually, this really pisses
 me off. If Bruce or anyone else is listening, it really annoys me when you go to a concert
 of someone you love, they're singing their big song, and they leave the big gap for the audience
 to sing it. And you're so excited about hearing them sing these words. "I don't want to hear
 a thousand people sing." You don't get that in, like, the importance of being honest,
 really. You can't see that. She's like, "Handbag!" Yeah. She said, though. "To be or..."
 Tears in general? Crocodile tears. Oh, yeah. Oh, they're fake tears, still.
 They're fake tears, exactly. And there was an ancient belief that crocodiles would
 cry while eating their prey, and that gave rise to this phrase, "crocodile tears" of
 if someone's crying that they don't mean it. You know, they're just pretending.
 And yet, it was tested by a couple of researchers a few years ago, and it seems to be true that
 crocodiles' tear ducts get a bit loosey-goosey when they're eating. Okay. And a researcher
 called Kent Vliet fed seven caimans specifically, so quite crocodilian creatures, because they
 eat on dry land, so it's a bit easier to observe them than an alligator underwater or crocodile
 underwater. Five out of the seven that were fed wept as they ate. So it is a real thing,
 and it might be to do with the way air is moving into their sinuses and getting mixed around,
 and their tear glands then dump a little fluid into their eye because of the chewing process.
 Oh, they could be feeling a bit guilty about it. They could. Because there was a previous study,
 wasn't there, like, 100 years ago, where a guy took a crocodile and rubbed onions in its eyes,
 and then no tears came out, and he's like, "Oh, look, they can't cry, so it can't be true."
 In fact, they just, they don't, well, they probably wasn't happy about it, but they're not that fussed
 about onions. That's a crazy experiment to do. To just prove a relatively minor saying,
 that's amazing. With that, I've been in an episode on Mythbusters, where they go, "Actually,
 do you know what? I'm good. I'm good with the onions." Adam savaged. Lovely. There's the sun
 for you. There's a sun headline. It's like the three of us love it, and then Tanner always destroys it.
 The thing is, like, the joke was a good okay joke, and then you two didn't laugh. You just said,
 because when you do it so much, it becomes something to just sit in awe of.
 I'm actually a clacker. I've been paid by dad to laugh at his jokes for 10 years.
 But not to laugh at yours.
 So, you mentioned the other Happy Birthday song, the main one. Happy Birthday to you.
 Happy Birthday to you. Happy Birthday, dear. In a certain name, happy birthday to you.
 I never knew the lyrics all the way to the end. It's like the National Anthem, you only know the
 first bit, don't you? That was written by Mildred J Hill and her sister, Patty, I think who we might
 have mentioned before. But what I didn't know is that she was a scholar of African American music,
 and this was what she was most famous for in her day. She wrote a lot of articles about African
 American music and was so influential that Antonin Dvorak's New World Symphony was written
 having him read her articles on African American music, which is obviously a huge deal. That came
 out before she died. She died in 1916, but the Happy Birthday song didn't become well known until
 about 20 years after she died. So she went to her grave thinking, I'm going to be famous forever
 because I inspired the New World Symphony and because I wrote all this stuff on African American
 music. But actually, she wrote the most famous song in the world. Wow. Even better. What would you
 rather listen to? Really? Happy Birthday or Anton Dvorak's New World Symphony? I think it depends
 how long you have to listen to it for. If it's Desert Island Discs, I'll probably take the New
 World Symphony, because on day two, I think Happy Birthday is going to be starting to great.
 You're a Pokémon fan, James. Did you ever play the cards? A bit. So the cards, there used to be
 a card called the Happy Birthday Pikachu. And the Happy Birthday Pikachu is one of the only,
 there's about 10 banned Pokémon cards that are no longer in circulation that were taken out.
 Frank Azores, yes.
 And the reason for it is because it was a card that if it happened to be your birthday on the day
 that you were playing with this card, it had sort of double, it had a way more power to it,
 and it could make you defeat your opponent. So the issue was most people don't, most kids aren't
 bringing their passports with them. So everyone was just claiming it was their birthday in a game,
 and they realised this is a cheat. So it got banned as a result.
 Just get away with that. Their mates will go, "No, it's not. You had a birthday party three weeks
 ago. They're not stupid." Also, I can't, if things had to be banned in games because kids
 were cheating at them, then no game would be allowed. That's true. That's very true.
 Do you know what kind of birthday party features Muff and Huff?
 Okay, interesting. Muff and Huff. Muff and Huff. I actually can't think of any
 category of birthday party. What about horse's birthday party?
 That's a good, I should have just asked, "Can you think of a category of birthday party?"
 Because that is actually what this is, but there aren't that many.
 Category of birthday party.
 Yeah, it belongs to a specific religion.
 Oh, okay.
 Huff and Puff, did you say?
 You're not going to get it from Muff and Huff.
 Believe you me.
 Is that a Huff or Puff?
 It's not Harry Potter birthday party.
 It's a religion.
 It is.
 So, Hoover's Witness.
 You've picked the one religion that doesn't celebrate birthdays.
 That's why I was wondering if it was an alternative.
 Okay.
 Yeah. That was madly.
 Sorry.
 Sorry. Sorry.
 What like a bar mitzvah is after you're 13?
 Very good, very good bar mitzvah.
 But now I couldn't find any more to reference this, but in a book called Bar Mitzvah a History
 by this rabbi and historian, he said that since 1789, it was common to read the Maft here and the
 Haftaro, which are readings from the Torah and prophets books.
 And that was always shortened to Muff and Huff.
 So, you have a bit of Muff and Huff.
 Lovely.
 And they're religious readings.
 It's not as fun as it sounds.
 Have you guys heard this? 1905, there was an attempt to change officially the date of
 Thanksgiving in America from November 30th to another date altogether because of a birthday.
 Oh, no.
 I thought there was something, there was something about changing it.
 The shopkeepers all wanted to change it, because it was too close to Christmas.
 So, was it the 30th?
 I thought it was one of those slightly movable things.
 Oh, yeah.
 So, Thursday after...
 Sorry, specifically 1905.
 Oh, sorry.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It was the 30th of November it landed on.
 Was it that it came on the same day as Martin Luther King's birthday?
 It cuts.
 It's less sort of powerful.
 Mark Twain was turning 70 on that day.
 Really?
 And he was really worried.
 He was going to have a massive podcast.
 Enemy of the podcast.
 He was really worried.
 Now, there could be a possibility that this is done ironically,
 but I didn't read it anywhere that it was.
 He wanted a big birthday.
 He had 170 guests on the invitation and he was worried that all of them would stay home and
 not come out to the party because they were celebrating their Thanksgiving.
 And so, him and his editor basically approached Theodore Roosevelt,
 president at the time, and lobbied for him to move it,
 either just miss it that year or move it to another day that year.
 I know he's an enemy of the podcast, but he's still not doing this seriously.
 It doesn't feel like it can be, right?
 But they do have the letter that was sent that was handed to the president.
 You hear about Elon Musk having his hooks into the government.
 You don't realise that this is a very old tradition.
 People are saying, "Can you move Thanksgiving for me, please?"
 That's shocking.
 I'm sorry, guys.
 This year, we're not going to have Thanksgiving on the double date
 because Elon Musk wants to have a birthday party.
 Give it a year.
 I'll give it one year.
 Wow.
 There's no reason why planes need to be symmetrical.
 Okay.
 But if you've got a plane, fuselage, picture that.
 You put one wing on one side, where do you put the other wing?
 Okay, it does have to go on the other side.
 That's true, but it does.
 This is all sounding a bit Elon Musk.
 This is sounding a bit Doge, I'm afraid.
 Like, why do we need wings at all?
 It's political greatness gone mad.
 The wing doesn't have to be in the same place on the other side.
 And in fact, an asymmetrical plane is more aerodynamic.
 And there's this one guy who started saying this in the '50s and '60s,
 saying that basically, if you've got the wings both symmetrically aligned on the plane,
 that increases drag and it's much less fuel efficient
 than if you tilt them at a diagonal.
 So one is pointing forwards and one is pointing backwards.
 So that makes it more streamlined.
 And it actually flies just as well.
 This is called...
 There was one plane made eventually by this guy called R.T. Jones,
 who said for 30 years, this is a better way of doing it.
 And all other engineers just said, people don't like asymmetry.
 That's literally the only reason.
 It's like human beings don't want to look at a plane.
 This German one looks upsetting.
 Yeah, it's odd to see it.
 You don't want to get on it.
 He made one.
 It was called the Armors Dryden.
 It was a NASA aircraft.
 And all the pilots who flew it said it worked completely fine,
 couldn't fault it.
 The wing rotated to 60 degree angle.
 So very sharp angle.
 It's incredible.
 Imagine if he'd been wrong and spent 30 years saying,
 "We can do a nice thing about the plane."
 Then it took off and then immediately crashed.
 He would have felt so bad.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, like we do it.
 Is that so cool that it worked?
 That does happen.
 Jesus.
 Do you guys know about the inflato plane?
 Sounds like...
 Sounds like what it is.
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 Blow up plane.
 A blow up plane is really exciting as an idea.
 I can't believe it still doesn't...
 Terrible news.
 Your plane's blown up.
 Good news.
 It's an inflato plane.
 So this was a good...
 It was called the Goodyear inflato plane.
 And the idea was that if you had soldiers
 who were stuck behind enemy line,
 you could drop a plane out of the sky
 and no one really noticed that you were doing that.
 And it could land.
 And all you would need to do is inflate it.
 Did it come with a pump?
 Or do you get a very, very tired mouth?
 How's that plane coming up?
 You need to squeeze the nipple.
 That will get the air in.
 It's pretty insane, isn't it?
 Wait, does it...
 So the door opens and you set...
 Is it like a bouncy castle?
 It's like a bouncy castle.
 And what you do is it doesn't actually have an engine,
 but you just have to pop it and it goes...
 On Japanese traffic lights, they're just a bit weird.
 A bit weirder than all other traffic lights, right?
 Because their green isn't normal green.
 And that was by government decree.
 So I think some of them have changed now.
 But basically, in 1973, the Japanese government decreed
 that the green light on traffic lights
 should be as close to blue as legally possible.
 Now, they've signed up to an international convention
 which says the green light has to be green.
 So this needs to be a global thing.
 So everyone knows green is green.
 But the problem the Japanese people had is that,
 for some reason, when they started putting traffic lights
 up at the start of the 20th century,
 they used their word "aui", which at the time
 referred to sort of span both green and blue
 in the color spectrum, like the Japanese language
 as a slightly different conception of green and blue.
 Now, it's mostly used for blue and green
 is referred to as "madori", but they've always
 called the green traffic light their word for blue.
 What's now blue? "aui".
 So they were like, this is really confusing
 because we refer to it as a blue light,
 even though it's green now, what do we do to resolve this?
 So the government just said, right, make it blue.
 Okay, we're not allowed to make it blue.
 Make it quite blue.
 The blue is possible kind of green.
 Because they're like, Japan is obviously,
 law-abiding nation.
 They wanted to adhere to the 1968 Vienna convention.
 Yeah.
 On road signs and signals, which,
 guess who hasn't signed that one?
 A few places didn't, US didn't for sure.
 The US didn't.
 Such a big country, they haven't signed up to the main.
 Yeah, that's why they're green is pink.
 Yes.
 Like, I don't think Canada did either.
 I really think, like, I remember reading about
 that convention and loads of countries went over
 and they all basically went to this convention and said,
 right, everyone has to do exactly the same
 as we do in our country.
 And they all thought that that's what was going to happen.
 That was so funny.
 And then they all got there and they went,
 no, we're not going to do that.
 And they eventually, most countries saw went,
 okay, we'll go for this kind of version.
 But like, place like Canada and America,
 when that was sticking with what we've got.
 Stomping.
 Stomping on bastards.
 That's very interesting.
 You know the amount of time that traffic lights are on amber?
 So they go red, red and amber, green, amber, red.
 And the, when it's red, you have to stop.
 But when there's some amber there, you're supposed to stop.
 But if it's dangerous, then you can carry on going.
 You either have to stop or go really fast.
 Is the practical, what happens?
 Yeah.
 But the amount of time that lights down amber has changed.
 And it's thanks to one Swedish guy who went to court.
 He got caught driving through a red light.
 And he said, no, it was amber.
 And they showed him the evidence.
 And he was like, well, this is what happened.
 I was turning left or right,
 whichever way it was in Sweden.
 But if it was England, it would be left.
 I was about to turn left and I could see it was amber.
 But I thought I wouldn't have time to stop.
 So I turned left.
 But in order to turn left, I had to slow down.
 And it didn't take that into account.
 Like the amount of time it's on amber,
 it's normally, if you're going straight on,
 and the amount of time that realistically you can stop.
 Right.
 But he was turning left.
 You have to slow down to turn.
 And he said, this wasn't fair.
 So I want my ticket sorting.
 And they did it.
 And they changed the amount of time.
 And now, legally, that's changed.
 I think that's changed throughout the EU now.
 Because he had time to slow down, but not time to stop.
 Yeah.
 He was like, he was going.
 He could see it was amber.
 He was like, it would be dangerous if I stopped.
 Yeah.
 So I'm going to have to keep going.
 But I need to turn left.
 So I do need to slow down.
 And he just caught the red light.
 And they said, no, you're done.
 He had a good lawyer as well.
 I'm sitting there going, bullshit.
 You, if you can slow down enough to turn, you can still.
 No, I believe everyone of it.
 I think that's great.
 You know how, when you sit in a room, just staring at the wall.
 Sitting in the car in the dark.
 You're in your dang cave.
 Yes.
 And a single shaft of light is falling across the room.
 Okay.
 There's only one window.
 And it's a sunny day.
 And you can see the dust moats in the air.
 Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, I like that.
 It's nice, isn't it?
 It's sunny.
 Well, there was a physicist, an Irish physicist,
 in the 19th century called John Tyndall, who said,
 I want to know what's going on here.
 And let's sort of study it.
 And he created special equipment to observe
 what that was in the air.
 So he reported that his breath didn't have any of that stuff in it.
 But air in the room did.
 Yeah.
 Right?
 So he created all this, you know, sort of air filters and stuff like that.
 And what he was gathering together was a big strut of evidence
 in support of germ theory of disease.
 So Lister, Joseph Lister was saying, I think infection
 spreads through the air in microbial form.
 And lots of other scientists piled in and said, no, it doesn't.
 You know, a lot of them believed in spontaneous generation
 that life arises from nowhere.
 So this guy, John Tyndall, was so angry
 at all these people criticizing germ theory
 that he spent seven years studying dust in the air
 and trying to grow microbes in it into a liquid broth.
 He did hundreds of experiments.
 I just think it's amazing, this guy.
 Because it turned out he was right.
 When did you say he was?
 Sorry?
 When was when was this?
 1870s, I think.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 Did he make a delicious soup?
 Is there a recipe book we can get?
 He traveled all the way to the Alps.
 He was trying to prove if air has no particles in it,
 you can't grow anything from that air.
 Nothing can be cultured if you're using completely empty,
 you know, sterilized air as it were.
 He went to the Alps with 50 flask of broth,
 science in the 19th century was just great.
 And they were boiled and sealed broth tubes, right?
 And they were like beef, mutton, turnip, cucumber,
 just different kinds of broth.
 And he would open them up and a bit of air gets in.
 And then you see if anything can be grown from that.
 If anything in the air reacts with anything in the broth,
 that would mean that, you know,
 approved sort of health-proof germ theory.
 Again, much like this guy who managed to get
 a trip to the Caribbean on the free.
 Like, why did he have to go to the Alps?
 Couldn't he just go outside?
 Because empty mountain alpine air.
 Yeah.
 So, I mean, what he thought was that the air
 would be a lot emptier there than in his home, for example.
 OK.
 So when he opened stuff in his home,
 where people have been breathing out bacteria all day,
 he could grow stuff very easily when he opens up some broth.
 But doesn't that prove germ theory?
 Why does he need to prove it in the empty alpine air?
 Because he's saying that when you open this broth in empty air,
 nothing gets in.
 And that proves the difference between full air and empty air.
 Sorry, he didn't want anything to grow.
 Exactly.
 John Tyndall.
 It's so interesting, because 10 years before,
 the exact same thing was done by Louis Pasteur,
 who basically was the person who did all the experiments
 with the broth in the Alps by Mont Blanc.
 Yeah, he was in a massive fight with a fellow French scientist
 who thought that things were spontaneously erupting
 within vats of food and so on.
 And he was saying, no, it was a ribby.
 Like, literally everything you've just said
 is the exact same story of Louis Pasteur.
 I wonder if one of you's got the wrong name.
 I feel like that's the case.
 And I don't know who.
 The broth part of it seems very unlikely that two people--
 Imagine the people living in that little village in the Alps.
 All of the scientists--
 Oh, not another bloody scientist.
 Because all of the 19th century scientists
 had to have some element of broth to get your grant,
 to get your funding.
 Because check this out, Andy.
 Oh, no.
 In 1864, in an ampy theater filled with Parisian elites,
 he stood and he had a single shaft of light come down
 so that they could see all the dust moats in the air
 for him to show that it was surrounding us at all times.
 Why did you wait for me to get to the end of my 10-minute long bit?
 You were just leafing through your notes looking concerned.
 Looking faintly live first.
 I know something you don't know.
 Look on your face.
 Well, that's not the same, though.
 They're doing simple--
 Did he bring the broth to the Alps?
 Yeah.
 Right.
 I think we need to go back and look along those.
 It sounds like they just didn't communicate
 very well in the 19th century.
 If they'd had social media, they could have taught--
 Yeah, he was doing it in French.
 It was a completely different field.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, Louis Pasteur.
 He's-- because he's the guy who--
 Yeah, Drone Theory.
 Drone Theory, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I think I've never heard of this guy.
 Well, he was clearly a--
 Plagiarist.
 He just read about Pasteur.
 No one else in the UK has heard of this guy.
 I'm just going to do exactly the same thing.
 He'll disappear into obscurity.
 He was the only guy who spoke French.
 Who was Tyndall?
 Wasn't he-- he was one of the leading Protestant reformists.
 You're thinking of a different Tyndall.
 No, I know.
 I know.
 I was not saying Tyndall.
 Irish, John Tyndall, Irish.
 Was it not one who was a rugby player who married
 one of the Royal Family?
 Was it Tyndall?
 Yeah, Mike Tyndall.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You're all related.
 OK, you know all the Tyndalls.
 So I don't want to question it, then.
 I don't know.
 Mike Tyndall's work on Jam Theory is unbelievably good.
 There's obviously ASMR, which is where we get very close
 to the microphones and we make little noises.
 Wake up!
 But that's very extremely popular, isn't it?
 Well, I feel like it's got less--
 maybe it's been replaced by this brown noise trend.
 I feel like it's become less trendy recently.
 Maybe.
 Yeah, I agree.
 I think it's less trendy than it used to be.
 Will you just hear about it less?
 I'm sorry to hear that.
 Anyway.
 [LAUGHTER]
 There is.
 There is.
 This thing.
 And he is desperately now on scrunching his paper
 that hasn't got his notes on it.
 That's good stuff on here.
 If you want, for example, this is a thing for people
 to listen to, if you want to lose weight.
 There's a sound you can listen to that helps people.
 In studies, it's helped people lose weight.
 They eat substantially less.
 OK, here's one thing, like white noise,
 because Dan said it stops the internal monologue.
 If your internal monologue is saying,
 "I could do with another pie,"
 then it might stop you from thinking it.
 Not bad, but no.
 Is it a-- are we looking for a tone of noise?
 Or is it like--
 A kind of thing.
 A kind of thing.
 So, you know, it's like you're listening to--
 Vuvuzela?
 Vuvuzela.
 Vuvuzela.
 That's it.
 Is it the exact opposite of the noise
 that an ice cream fan makes?
 So you can't hear the ice cream.
 It's the opposite of Green Sleeves.
 Yeah, that's right.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's actually your own chewing.
 OK.
 If you play into people's ears, the sound,
 then supposedly it makes people feel the flavours
 more intensely of what they're eating as they eat it.
 So they feel fuller faster.
 Oh.
 Does that mean you feel fuller
 if you taste the flavours more?
 Maybe.
 Yeah.
 I can imagine that your brain--
 I can.
 Would feel so much more--
 I've had so much more stimulation there,
 I don't need any more.
 Like if you just scuff your food,
 you don't feel full straight away, do you?
 Yeah, you're not tasting the flavours.
 But I would have thought it might
 because people don't like the sound of people chewing.
 I would have thought that as well.
 It makes you feel ill hearing someone--
 Yeah.
 So next time you have a dinner party,
 if you haven't quite cooked enough food,
 just pop some music on and just have a loud chewing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, I've been to a restaurant where they gave you some--
 I don't remember what it was now,
 but it was some seafood.
 And they gave you headphones
 and played you the sound of the sea while you were eating it.
 And sprayed sort of salt in your face.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's really good.
 Really?
 Was it the Fat Dark or somewhere?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And did they throw your life belt halfway through?
 She's going down!
 [LAUGHTER]
 I stood up on the table with my arms outstretched.
 My wife grabbed me around the waist.
 They take the restaurant door off its hinges.
 Your wife gets on.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That melty cheese that you can basically
 get in a big old vat with a squirty bit on the top
 and you press it and it just squirts
 all this disgusting goop on your nachos,
 that was invented by a guy called Frank Libertto.
 And he actually died in 2017.
 And the San Antonio Express noted that it was the day before
 National Nachos Day that he died,
 which is a bit sad, isn't it?
 It is sad.
 It is sad.
 Cut, but stupid not to hang on, isn't it?
 But I think he was like a lifetime member
 of the concession stand guild or something.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Like in America, they have a big association
 of fast food concession companies
 and he was like one of the big cheeses there.
 Right, there you go.
 Now we work out why you were telling us that whole thing.
 Oh, God, are you joking?
 I was like, thank God.
 An exit, an exit strategy.
 You know how many people are called Bambi?
 Well, a lot.
 You think a lot of people are called Bambi?
 Yeah, okay.
 Yeah.
 Just because there are loads of people in the world
 they need to expect quite a bit.
 I feel it's a very reality TV name that I will have seen.
 I feel like it's fewer than Dan thinks,
 but more than you think.
 I think there's probably someone in the middle, yeah?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Weirdly, I think you're right, Dan.
 So what do I think now?
 I don't know.
 No, just in the year after Bambi came out,
 that was the first year in American history
 where five Bambis were born.
 Oh.
 And it's a very, pretty old naming choice
 as you've seen Bambi.
 You know, it's a kind of, it's a nice name.
 But it's a--
 Why is it an old naming choice?
 Bambi's a great character, very lovable, who doesn't die.
 But Bambi goes through a lot, I'd say, along the way.
 No spoilers for once.
 Yeah, but that's okay.
 Don't get too attached to Bambi's mother,
 as all I'm saying.
 But this happens, obviously, with loads and loads of films.
 And so there was recently a new version of Cinderella out.
 Oh, yeah.
 There are now 100 women-ish in America
 who will be in their mid-70s who are all named Cinderella.
 Hmm.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 That's a surprising name.
 Yeah.
 I don't mind it.
 I don't mind it at all.
 It's just interesting how--
 Cindy, you just go Cindy for short, won't you?
 I suppose you would.
 Do you remember the name Walter Plinge?
 Walter Plinge.
 I feel like I would.
 No, I don't think so.
 So we've mentioned the name Walter Plinge once before in 11 years,
 and I'm really disappointed you guys didn't recall it.
 I'm really annoyed.
 This is the British Alan Smithy.
 Oh.
 Oh, okay.
 And Alan Smithy is--
 It's a pseunonym that a person associated with a film
 could be a writer, director, actor
 who doesn't want to be associated with the film.
 So Smithy is the name.
 And that's what goes on the credits.
 It's directed by Alan Smithy.
 Actually, it was Martin Scorsese,
 but he's so embarrassed to have done the nutty Professor Five thing.
 He just takes his name off the credits, et cetera.
 Walter Plinge is the British version,
 but there's another version of it,
 which is an actor who is mentioned extensively in a play
 but doesn't turn up,
 but you don't want the audience to know that.
 Goddow?
 So starring Walter Plinge as Goddow would be a perfect example
 of, like, let's not reveal that Goddow doesn't spoiler alert.
 Turn up in Waiting for Goddow, you'd say, Walter Plinge.
 But now we've spoiled it.
 Yes, I'm afraid no one will be able to enjoy it,
 not that they ever really did Waiting for Goddow again.
 Have you guys heard of the music festival Rocklet?
 I love it.
 It's a rock and raclette festival in the Alps every year.
 You should explain what raclette is, actually,
 because I don't think I knew 10 years ago when it was.
 It's a sort of cheese thing, isn't it?
 I thought it was like a fondue.
 No, it's like, so they give you a big lump of cheese
 and they put some tea lights under it and then it melts
 and then you kind of scrape it off the cheese as it's melting
 and you can eat it with your pickles and stuff.
 It's like a cheese kebab.
 Sure, yeah, no, it is.
 Yeah, yeah, like one of those big elephant feet.
 A lot of pot areas of London,
 they don't have kebab shops with the elephant lanky in the window.
 They've just got a whack and grape fondue
 and a very big tea light underneath it.
 Yeah, that's really cool, rock and raclette.
 Rock and raclette, and this year's lineup,
 the genres include heavy shamanic doom,
 dark folk and post-Indie dream shoegaze rock,
 none of which I understand.
 Sounds great, though.
 But they're all Benz?
 Not that, they're all genres.
 They're all genres.
 They're all genres played by Benz.
 Yeah, brilliant.
 Yeah, that's great.
 You really would only go for the cheese, wouldn't you, Andrew?
 Yeah, I would.
 Lovely last date, I don't know what raclette is.
 Probably the most famous thing like that
 is these guys called Jim and, Jim and Jim, actually.
 There's two guys called Jim who had been twins
 and were separated at birth and adopted.
 And it turned out they both married someone called Linda.
 They both got divorced from Linda
 and remarried someone called Betty.
 One had named their firstborn child James Allen
 and the other one James Allen with two Ls.
 So almost the same.
 Each of them had a dog called Toy.
 They drove the same car, same color of car,
 went to the same beach for the holidays
 and had the same cigarettes and beer.
 What?
 Okay, and this was a thing that happened in the '70s
 and it was quite famous at the time.
 I think people might remember it from the newspapers.
 And I've checked some of the old newspaper archives
 and I saw an interview with them.
 And because this is all true,
 but obviously it was just a coincidence.
 And it's just the fact that if you've got
 300 million people in America,
 a lot of these things are going to show up eventually.
 Can I ask quickly, why are they both called Jim?
 Well, actually, yeah, that's a good point
 because they'd been adopted.
 Oh, okay.
 So when they got adopted, they were given new names.
 Okay, it wasn't like their mum,
 it wasn't like they were taken away from their mother
 because she said I'll call them Jim and Jim.
 That's a really good point.
 I apologize to anyone who was thinking
 that for the very start of that anecdote.
 I couldn't think about anything else.
 You was there.
 Yeah, same thing, same thing.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So anyway, these two gyms, I read an interview with them
 and it was amazing.
 They, when this came out, that this had happened,
 they became a little bit famous and what happened was
 a load of psychologists got hold of them
 and started testing them and they were tested.
 They said 10 hours a day for six days
 where they were put in separate cells.
 On what?
 What were they being tested on for people?
 Trying to see if they were psychically linked or something.
 So also rounds on like pop music, sports.
 It's so weird.
 They would have things testing their brainwaves
 and they'd sit them there for an hour
 with nothing happening and then someone would come in
 and go, "Jim!"
 And then they would see if the other person's
 brainwave spiked as well and stuff like that.
 And did it turn out they both spent the whole time
 going, "This is bullshit."
 And everyone was like, "Oh, well, they are psychic."
 Yeah, what came out was actually,
 there was lots of differences between them
 that had never come up in the newspapers
 because the newspapers only looked at the things
 that were all the same.
 Interesting.
 Although you say two brothers with the same name
 wouldn't happen.
 You know, John Nash of Beautiful Mind, Russell Crowe-Fame,
 who was the great mathematician, game theory mathematician,
 who was then played by Russell Crowe, more famously.
 He had a son-
 More famously than himself playing himself, you mean?
 Yeah, yeah, okay.
 He had a son called John with one woman
 and then he had another son with his wife,
 Alicia, a different woman.
 And this was when he was becoming schizophrenic
 and he was in an institution, I think at that point.
 And Alicia said, "I'm going to wait to name this child
 because I really want John to have an input."
 So she waited a year.
 This child had no name.
 He came out of the institution.
 She said, "I've wasted.
 What do you want to call your son?"
 What did he call him?
 John.
 "Gordon Bloody John."
 "John Nash, two sons, both called John."
 Gosh.
 "Brains doesn't get you everywhere, does it?"
 No, very cool.
 That's the, I mean, the George Foreman, of course, had,
 who's just died, hasn't he?
 Yes, he has.
 Very sad.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 He had six George's and a Georgeina,
 Georgeette.
 Yeah.
 As well as the toaster, of course.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, who he thought of in the sun.
 Though he was asked that in an interview,
 and he said, "Well, once you've been in a ring
 with Muhammad Ali, Sonny Liston,
 and all the other boxing greats,
 and taken punches to the head,
 you'd name all your kids the same name, too."
 There was a Scabra football club in the 1970s,
 had two players called Harry Dunn and Harry A Dunn.
 But the truth is they were both called Harry Dunn,
 and they added a fictitious middle initial to one of them
 to make sure that everyone knew who was--
 Did he not have a middle name?
 Was he one of a weird rarity with no middle names?
 Lots of people don't know middle names.
 Yeah, he didn't have a middle name.
 Okay, yeah.
 Did the other one,
 because they should have gone with the other one.
 The other one might have done,
 but he was really famous, the other one,
 so they couldn't change his name.
 So they brought in a new Harry Dunn who was a lot younger,
 and they said, "Well, we can't call you Harry Dunn,
 because there's already one."
 And he said, "Well, I don't have a middle name."
 And they said, "Oh, we'll just put the first letter
 we could think of."
 Oh, poor Lesser Harry.
 That's like the Lesser Andy Murray
 having to call himself Andrew Hunter Murray, isn't it?
 Because it's like everyone knows the other Andy Murray,
 so you've got to call yourself something else.
 Cut to the quick.
 Never messes.
 Not Lesser any more.
 Okay, I think you've overtaken him.
 Wow, thank you so much for that incredibly belated
 and half-hearted teller.
 That incredibly belated life.
 You guys are familiar with the Canadian artist, The Weekend?
 Yes, I thought of The Weekend.
 The Weekend dropped--
 He used to be called The Weekend.
 Yeah?
 But then he dropped the E,
 because there was already a Canadian band
 called The Weekend.
 Really?
 It became The Weekend.
 And we could never have had this running joke on the podcast.
 We could never--
 Weakened, weakened, never.
 The podcast would have been weakened without that.
 I actually have a pop culture fact.
 You know, Taylor--
 Swift.
 Did you look--
 She looked to her page.
 No, it's just a different Taylor.
 There's a guy called Taylor Lautner.
 Oh, yeah.
 Who is in Twilight.
 And he went out with Taylor Swift.
 So if they'd got married,
 they would have both been Taylor Lautner.
 But they didn't get married.
 He ended up getting married to a nurse
 who's now called Taylor Lautner.
 Who was called Taylor as well.
 She was also called Taylor.
 Yeah?
 He's got a type.
 He's got a type and it's Taylor.
 Wow.
 Was it Evelyn War, who was married to an Evelyn War?
 Yeah.
 Well, yeah, yeah.
 They called them Evelyn and Shevelyn.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 If you want to get in contact with us
 and you want to have anything read out
 on an upcoming episode of Drop Us a Line,
 which is the mailbag episode
 where we go through all the emails
 and all the facts and questions
 that you have for us,
 then send that to podcast@qi.com.
 We love, love, love getting mail.
 And do come see us live, as I say,
 Belgium and Sheffield.
 All the details are online on our website.
 Check it out.
 Okay, we'll be back again next time.
 With a Drop Us a Line,
 we will see you all then.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
