 Hi everybody, Andy here. Just before we started this week's show, wanted to
 introduce our very special guest who was live at the Soho Theatre with us a
 couple of weeks ago when we recorded this. He is none other than the mighty
 Richard Osman. You might know him from Pointless, you might know him from
 Richard Osman's House of Games, his appearances on QI, his appearances on
 every other brilliant British comedy panel show ever made, and he is also the
 author of a series of books called The Thursday Murder Club. And if you have
 read a book in the last few years, there is a pretty good chance that it was one
 of the Thursday Murder Club novels because they are absolutely titanic.
 They have broken so many records they have sold millions of copies. The first
 three in the series are called The Thursday Murder Club, The Man Who Died
 Twice, and The Bullet That Missed. They're about a gang of retired sleuths who live
 in a retirement village in Kent. They like going through case notes of old
 murders and then they find crimes start happening a little closer to home.
 They're honestly such good books. They managed to pull off the trick of being
 simultaneously gripping and thrilling and they are page turners. You have to keep
 reading, you have to find out what comes next, and also being heartwarming and
 joyful and very human. And the characters are beautifully drawn. There is a reason
 they have sold so many millions of copies around the world and that's
 because they're really good. We are all huge fans of them and the next in the
 series is called The Last Devil to Die, very exciting title, and it is out soon.
 It's out on the 14th of September. It is available to pre-order now from
 wherever you get your books. It is a safe bet that anywhere that sells books
 will be selling The Last Devil to Die and they will have lots of copies. So
 that's it. We just wanted to say we're super excited to have Richard on. We've
 been trying to get him for years and finally he's free, so we really hope you
 enjoy this show. We had a blast recording it. We hope you like it too.
 On with the podcast.
 [Applause and music playing]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week, coming to you live from the Soho Theater!
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and Richard Osman, and once again we have gathered round the microphones with
 our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order
 here we go. It's already with fact number one and that is Richard.
 Tumbridge Wells does not have a Waitrose.
 For anyone who's not from England, I should explain, Waitrose is a
 very high-end supermarket and Tumbridge Wells is the sort of town you would be
 absolutely fucking insane to think didn't have one.
 And when you write a novel there's a wonderful group of people called
 copy editors and they're the greatest people in the whole world and copy
 editors pick up on every single little thing in a book.
 I wrote in one of my books that Joyce, who's the head of the Thursday Murder
 Club or one of them, she gets a drink from a trolley
 on a train from Polgate to Victoria and the copy editor says,
 they stock trolley service on that route in 2008. So just to give you an idea
 of how good they can be, they pick up on every
 single thing ever. The one thing they didn't pick up on,
 I sent someone to Waitrose and Tumbridge Wells and nobody
 even bothered to check because why would you?
 And now people at Tumbridge Wells are furious with me.
 That's incredible. I reckon it's like a dirty secret of the people in Tumbridge
 Wells that they don't have a Waitrose, right? Well no, because Richard's told
 them they do, so it's kind of... No, but I think Richard picked a really sore
 subject for them. So I started looking into this. Yeah.
 There has been a sort of decade-long campaign in Tumbridge Wells
 to get a Waitrose and for whatever corporate reasons, maybe they're just
 doing it for the fun, Waitrose keeps saying, I'm so sorry, we just can't find
 a space. We just can't find a site. Like 2016, this story
 ran, shoppers in Tumbridge Wells are fuming after a new
 store to open in the town was revealed to be a Wilco.
 Imagine they put up the W and everyone's like, whoa!
 Look, it's tight and they get their fear, because Tom Bridge,
 just a few miles away, they've got a Waitrose.
 Yeah. They've only got 8,000 people. Tumbridge Wells, as we all know, has 56,000
 people. So good. Weirdly, my wife's family
 live down in Heathfield. That is weird. And I get...
 Whoa! Why has he never mentioned that before?
 Nine years, nine years, I've been sitting on that, but I thought Richard's brought
 the Waitrose Tumbridge Wells fact, and so I get off at Polegate all the time.
 And I know there's no trolley service. So hold on, right, two
 questions. A, are you my fact-checker? B, why didn't you pick up on the
 Tumbridge Wells thing when you were my fact-checker? I think if Dan was your
 fact-checker, you would know about it by now. Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 This book is much longer than when I sent it in.
 Also my three sons were born in Tumbridge Wells, so I'm really rooted there as a
 kind of... Yeah, my history now is... Did you pop down to the Willco to buy a
 celebratory? I did! Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Well, we did a gig in Tumbridge Wells, and I got to meet the daughter of a
 barbershop guy. He's passed away, he ran a salon there, and he was the seventh son
 of a seventh son, which means he's a wizard,
 and he had the Guinness World Record for shaving most faces
 in the shortest space of time. He did like a hundred faces in something like 10
 minutes. They just came... Do you remember, he was a military guy, and he just went
 and he kept... He was covered in blood. I was a very member.
 Weirdly, the next day, the local morgue broke the record.
 I think another name for a barbershop guy is Barber.
 I was confused when Dan said barbershop guy. I was thinking... And both my parents are
 hairdressers, I don't know why that came out like that.
 I was thinking, is he the baritone?
 I did. In the most recent book that I bought out, I sort of did an apology of
 sorts. Joyce, who writes a diary through the books,
 she goes to Tumbridge Wells, and she said, "I had read somewhere
 there was a Waitrose, but there isn't, so whoever wrote that had got it wrong."
 Oh, wow. And that's my apology to the people of Tumbridge Wells.
 I have a little quiz for you, Richard. Okay. How many times do you mention
 Waitrose in the Thursday murder club? Just in the first book?
 Yeah, in the first book. I mean, is it over a hundred or less than a hundred?
 I'm going to say I mention Waitrose, the word Waitrose. Yeah.
 Eight times? Five times. Okay, okay. Sainsbury's?
 Okay. Three times? Twice. Okay. Starbucks?
 Starbucks. I think they definitely go to a Starbucks in an airport at one point.
 Oh, and they go to... There's a lot of Starbucks.
 I'm going to say four times. Three. Dan, are we going to go through all the words,
 just a super line. I've only got Tesco, Azda, Lidl, Acosta and Aldi to go through.
 I mean, I do need people to buy these books. There's murders as well.
 It's not all just shops. I'm just saying for the next book,
 if you need the fact checker, I kind of know all the shops you mentioned.
 That's very kind. My daughter, who speaks Chinese, was reading the Chinese version
 of the book, and literally the footnotes are longer than the actual book itself.
 She said, "Even on the first three pages, they'd had a footnote explaining what
 Oliver Bonus was, who Mark Duggan was, and what Lilt is."
 I can speak Chinese. So if you need somebody to speak Chinese to fact check that book,
 I am also available. I mean, we're going to have to take your word for that.
 I definitely did speak Chinese. Just said that would have been fucking out there if I did.
 What a way to get cancelled. I feel like I need to help the
 non-English listener about these supermarkets in the UK.
 So a little bit of information. I read there was some research done by the Sex Education Show,
 which was a channel for classic, and they looked at people who went to different supermarkets,
 and they found that people who shop at Mark's and Spencer's are big fans of sex parties.
 They do such big cakes, don't they?
 Is that Colin Caterpillar in your pocket, or are you just going to see me?
 I should say it's double the national average, which particularly isn't that high in the first
 place. Or people who like sex parties. People who go to Iceland are more likely to be involved in
 cosplay, and people who go to Waitrose are more likely to use nipple clamps.
 So just a little bit of context for the... And people who go to Lidl like it up the middle aisle.
 You never know what you're going to find in there, do you? You never know what you're going to find.
 Hey, baby, I've come back with a kayak.
 So mistakes in books. There were some which are, you know, you get your typos, you get your small
 factual ones. I think my favourite one that I found out was there was the Bridget Jones book,
 the return of Bridget Jones after a long, long gap for the third book was called Mad About the Boy.
 And there was a bit of a typo in that book, because readers when they bought it suddenly
 started reporting back to the shops that about a quarter to halfway through the book there was
 suddenly 40 whole pages of David Jason from Only Fools and Horses order biography in there.
 Just 40 pages of him talking about his Uncle Albert. And was that Helen Fielding just absolutely
 phoning it in and thinking, no, what if Bridget just read someone else's book for 40 pages?
 What a great idea. Let's just call it Mad About the Delboy, no one will notice.
 Well, it's just a printing cock up. Yeah, so they had to return in pulp and all that sort of stuff.
 There was a thing, this might, this is maybe an author's nightmare, something that happened to
 Jonathan Franzen, the big American novelist. He was recording a reading for Newsnight of his book
 Freedom, which was absolutely massive as a mega book. And he stopped halfway through the reading
 and he said, I'm sorry, I'm realizing to my horror here that there's a mistake here that was
 corrected early. And they printed the wrong version of the book. They printed an early file of book.
 And it was obviously, you know, full of all the bits he didn't want to be read. And yeah,
 just sounds like it was a British version. And this this was like called The Book of the Century.
 He'd been working 10 years on it. It was a massive book. And they published like something
 like 80,000 copies. Wasn't this previous book called The Corrections? Yeah.
 Oh, that's a that's a nightmare. You wake up in a cold sweat when you've handed a book in,
 thinking just little things like about, could he've got there on Tuesday if he was there on
 Friday? You just think you've missed something. Because by the time it gets printed, maybe 10
 people have read it, maybe 12, something like that. So it's not many. So if we all miss the same
 thing, yeah, that's it. You could get this book when everyone just goes, why did you not notice
 that the yeah, I think, oh, my God, it literally. Yeah. Can you tell I've got a book coming out
 really soon? Yeah. So you're terrified. Remember that when our first book was just going to the
 printers, you literally rang our produce. I had a lucid dream the night before the book went to
 print. Bullshit. You've never had a lucid thought in your life. So I honestly, I was really sweating.
 We did a book where it was called The Book of the Year. And in it, we made references to all
 all over the book. So you would say, see this article and you would go to it. And
 the introduction was full of these things. So I was having a dream. And this was I was down in
 Tumbridge Wells. So I just got the pole gate. I mean, I was in sorry in Heathfield. Yeah, yeah.
 So my in-laws picked me up from pole gate. I'm starving because the trolley service is gone.
 So I'm so off I go to the Heathfield Costa anywhere.
 So in the dream, I'm and this is true. I'm showing Frank Skinner our book. And I'm saying,
 look, Frank, this is how the intro is and all these words. And and I read in the book a reference
 to something that I knew was not in the book. And then I kept reading. And this is I'm now
 awake in the book reading the book going, that's not in there as well. That's not in there as well.
 I wake up and I grab a PDF of the book. And it turns out I'm completely right. We forgot to
 change the new articles. And I managed to get through to Nigel, our editor, in the morning.
 And he stopped it from going to print, had to be printed within the next two hours. And he sent
 a new PDF in the little thing. And I managed to change it the last second. Yeah, a lucid dream
 with Frank Skinner. One of the world's great heroes, my friend. Can you imagine what would have
 happened to us as a nation? Wow. Things, things could have been really going to shit now. Yeah.
 I was reading about some errors in rap songs. So this is rap songs that could have done with a
 fact check. All right. I've removed some of the more choice words from these. But there's a song by
 Common featuring Cannabis. And they said, I'm your worst nightmare squared. That's double for those
 who ain't mathematically aware. Although, if your worst nightmare is two, there's a song by Drake
 who says, I could wrap around those others like a cobra snake. Cobras are venomous. They're not
 constrictors. Major laser said, make yourself bigger like mushroom Mario Kart. He's referring to
 Super Mario, not Mario Kart where they make you go faster. And Nelly once wrote, I'm a sucker for
 cornrows and manicure toes. And he meant pedicures. That's nice. Amazing. I hope we have beef with all
 of them now when this goes out. Come at me, Major laser. Let's see where the fuck you are.
 Let's see. The very first, very first thing I ever had published in my life had a typo in it.
 I was like 15 years old and there was a magazine in Brighton called The Punter. And at one point
 they said, oh, we want someone to write just a little small thing about some of the towns outside
 Brighton. And I lived in a place called Haven Seath. So I said, I'll do Haven Seath and Burgess Hill.
 I said, I'll do both of them because I think it was seven pound each. So I wasn't just going to
 do one of them. So I wrote this thing and it came out. It's the first time my name's ever been
 in print. First thing I ever saw. And it said at one point, Burgess Hill is like Haven Seath
 with anemia. And my mum read that, she went, that's pretty good. I went, yeah. Yeah, it's not bad,
 is it? Yeah. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Burgess Hill is like Haven Seath with anemia. And one of my teachers,
 he lived in Brighton, said, I read your thing. Burgess Hill is like Haven Seath with anemia.
 He said, that's pretty good. That's not bad. I go, well, listen, just stuff comes into my head.
 What I'd actually written was Burgess Hill is like Haven Seath with a cinema.
 Which was factually correct.
 It is time for fact number two and that is Andy. My fact is that after successful amnesties on
 knives and guns in 2016, a Scottish council offered an amnesty on Zimmer Frames.
 And this is the thing, you get happens all the time that they have these amnesties,
 because everyone's got old Zimmer Frames in their house or all walking sticks. Everyone.
 Fact check. Have a look. Yeah. Well, no, you're right. But a lot of money is tied up hundreds of
 thousands of pounds in walking sticks that are given out or Zimmer Frames. And then like you
 injure yourself, they give you on after a little while, you get better. You don't need it anymore.
 You use it as a clothes toss. Yeah, yeah. They reckon there's something like 160,000 pieces
 of equipment that are needing to come back that haven't come back. Yeah. Yeah. So they had this
 amnesty and they got lots handed back in crutches to walking sticks walking. So like an amnesty is
 one of those things to say, look, if you deliver your knife or gun, you will not be prosecuted.
 Yeah. We will not send you to prison. You know, if you delivered a Zimmer frame like two years
 later said, I'm so sorry, we found this in my mother's house and we've tracked you down. We
 realized this is where it's come from. You're not going to get a prison. Yeah. They actually,
 a lot of a lot of people, a lot of people were wrongly banged up. Oh, rightly. If you look at it
 that way, I think so. Yeah. Um, no, you're right. It was, yeah, yeah, amnesty was a kind of sexing
 up way of putting it, but, uh, yeah, they were no punishments. Yeah. They had a load of them in
 the 80s and 90s. I was reading in the newspaper archives. Um, in Hull, they said that people
 using them to hang clothes on, like I said, and that's why they, they all got missing in the
 world. They said people using them to grow climbing plants. Uh, Torbay made a special
 Zimmer frame bin so you could return them anonymously if you were a bit worried about
 handing them in that you might get. That's a big, big, huge bin. I was really waiting for you to say,
 and in Tombridge, they used them for their sex parties. Well, I got one link with Tombridge
 Wells slightly, uh, and that is that the stairlift was invented in Tombridge Wells. Was it? Get away.
 Yeah. Um, like, so, wow. It's the navel of the universe. Yeah. So they, I mean, there have been
 old ones. I think Henry VIII might have had one, but that was just sort of like pulled up. Yeah,
 a stairlift. Oh, yes. Yeah, it was pulled up by people because he was so big at the end of his
 life. He couldn't get up the stairs. Uh, but this is an invalid chair with tramway for use on
 staircases that was patented in 1931, uh, enrolled Tombridge Wells by a guy called Walter Muffett.
 Okay. And the only other thing I could find about him is that he was once the oldest St
 John's ambulance member in the world. That's really good. That's very cool. I wasn't going to get
 out my stairlift fact right, like right at the beginning of this fact because it's incredibly
 boring, my one. Do you want to hear it? Do it. Do it. Do it. Do it. Okay. It's so shit. I got to
 stand on out because we have a discord for, um, people who are members of Club Fish who, uh,
 subscribers. Yeah. And they have a big conversation about the most boring fact you've ever said on
 fish. Yeah. This fact is going to, it's going to shove the others aside for the podium. I swear.
 Right. The 500,000th Stanner Stairlift ever made was produced in part by Prince Charles,
 who pressed the button to start the procedure. Oh, and he, I told you, I told you it was bad.
 Then he said, I'm someone who is a great admirer of family companies, particularly hereditary
 lift makers. Anyway, I started telling my wife this fact and she said, literally, wait, think to
 yourself, is this interesting? Think about it. That could literally be the title of the podcast.
 Have you got anything better than that? I've got something worse than that. I think I was looking,
 when, when I saw you talking about Zimmer frames, I'm always fascinated about, you know,
 who Zimmer might have been because when you look inside companies, it's interesting. And I assumed
 he was German. He's not, he's American. And it's called Justin Zimmer. And it was a sort of post war,
 I think that he set up this company. It's one of the biggest companies in the world now,
 this company that he set up. So I was Googling him, but unfortunately, there's also a defensive
 linebacker for the Miami Dolphins called Justin Zimmer. So I literally gave up because everything
 was about him. So I can tell you that Justin Zimmer, the linebacker is now a free agent. He is now
 available because the Miami Dolphins cut him in preseason. So he's 30, but you know, still,
 I think he's got something in his legs. He's got time. Yeah, that's very cool. He, just in O Zimmer
 of Warsaw, Indiana, he also invented the aluminium splint for broken arms. The advantage of that was
 the old ones were like papier mache and the new ones just covered part of your arms. You could put
 it in a x-ray machine and you could still x-ray your arm, your broken arm without taking the cast
 off. So that was a good thing. That's very cool. I prepared a little quiz game quiz for you. Oh,
 great. Let's do it. Play your Canes, right? Yep. That's clear. What about Richard Osman's House of
 Canes? Yeah. There you go. All right. That would have been a lot better, hadn't it? That would have been,
 yeah, all right. Not getting invited back on that show. Right, I'll give you a cane and you have
 to tell me if it's worth more or less than the previous celebrity owned cane. Okay, cool. Oscar
 Wilde. Oh, it's all right. I'm going to say higher. Is it higher? It's harder than it looks,
 isn't it, Richard, this quiz show? Higher than zero, I'm going for. All right, Richard's off the
 blocks early. Yeah, Oscar Wilde with Inkwell, interesting, is walking stick a little Inkwell
 built into the top. Oh, that's nice. Cool. $7,700. Roughly. Okay. So James Craig, who was, of course,
 the first Prime Minister of Northern Ireland. Okay. I mean, less, obviously. I'm going to go more.
 It's more. No. So James Craig's walking stick was sold for £10,000 at auction. It was full of
 cocaine. Oscar Wilde's cane was sold for $7,000. Yes. No. Yeah. What year? Like the 1800s? No,
 recently, this century. I don't think people have that. I think they like his writing.
 Yeah. I'm not sure the cane is the thing there. He had an Inkwell on talk. Like Oscar Wilde would
 have done. He had an Inkwell. That's a historical artifact. Michael Collins.
 The space. I doubt so. The Irish Republican leader.
 Sorry, it's an Irish theme. Play your canes right. Yeah, yeah. Right. Wow. More or less than £10,000
 for Sir James Craig. More. I'm going to say more. Yeah, it must be more. It is more.
 It's 50. So, again, that's a format problem because we all gave the same answer, didn't we?
 It's more. It's £52,000. Last one. Yeah, a lot. Oscar Wilde must be gutted.
 Labour leader Michael Foote. Oh, not Irish. Oscar Wilde always had a cane. Stephen Fry,
 the poster. He had a cane. I'm sorry. This is a historically important cane. Richard,
 if you want to get Dan angry at any point, just tell him that an item of very
 recondite celebrity memorabilia sold for less than Dan would have paid for it. He has steam
 coming out of his ears. Me and my friends just equally, like we've put in together,
 paid a lot of money for Sir Edmund Hillary's backpack. He's the one who got to the top of
 Everest Forest, but for his second expedition when he looked for the Yeti and we bought it
 and no one else bid, but... Wow. But you went straight in there at 50 grand, didn't you?
 How much did you pay for it? New Zealand dollars, it was 12,000. But in actual money.
 I think that's what, six quid? That is a translator. No, I think it's a few thousand.
 It is. But there was three of us and yeah. But no one else bid. Well, we accidentally,
 one of us outbid each other. We got two incredibly motivated buyers. It's so weird.
 I feel like that was taking your quiz seriously. Yeah, it does feel like no one's...
 No one's interested how much Michael Foote's cane was auctioned for. Okay, lower, lower, lower.
 Yeah, lower. I'm going to say lower. Thank... Oh. But what do you want to do? All right,
 I'll say higher for a bit of difficulty. Well, thank you. That's really kind of Richard.
 Yeah, it was obviously much less than it is. It was 650 pounds.
 Don't you interested? That's a bargain. Michael Foote. Foot, foot, cane, yeah? Yeah, okay.
 Bigfoot, they used to call him. Edmund Hillary found him. There was a cane up for auction
 recently for half a million dollars. Okay. You know what cane that was? Charlie Chaplains.
 Charlie Chaplains cane from Modern Times sold for $420,000. This one went for more?
 It was listed at more. Did Yoda have a cane or am I? Yoda has a cane, yeah. Who has a more famous
 cane? No, who is it? Michael Cain, no. It was Michael Cain. No, it wasn't Michael Cain. It was,
 it was a very normal cane but had a light on the end with batteries and it lit up and flashed. Oh,
 the lightsaber? It wasn't a lightsaber. It was used by a survivor of the Titanic. Oh,
 yes! On the Lifeboats. This is incredible. And she used it to signal. And it was essentially a cane,
 but I don't know why she thought to take it on the boat. Because what else is she using it for?
 Oh, on to the Lifeboats? Yeah, she took it on to the Lifeboats. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. She
 signalled with it. And it was, it was the, the guide price was $500,000 and it went for $50,000.
 It went for $50,000? It went for $50,000. That's not even as much as...
 Michael Collins' cane. Well, he's been to space.
 So, come on. That's where he got the idea for United Island. Yeah, he looked down.
 But it was to be shared between 11 of her heirs and that they thought they were going to get
 half a million. They got, what's that, like 4,500 each they got in the end. Hey, here's the most
 significant walking stick in history. This, I think this genuinely has a claim to be the most
 important one. It was wielded by the Archbishop of Milan in 2005. Okay. So, come on, think of
 your church history, what's happening in 2005. Roberto Baggio's Milan, was it that?
 And New Pope? New Pope. Yeah. And he was a, he was a very significant Catholic leader.
 Wow. You have gone downhill. What did bears do? Tell me, Andrew.
 Sorry, the Archbishop of Milan was a senior guy.
 And he might, he, like, I dread to think what my wife would say of that fact.
 The Archbishop of Milan was very senior. He could have, he could have been a contender,
 if you know, he could have, he could have made it to be Pope. And he appeared in public at the
 conclave, whatever it is, walking with a stick. And it was seen as a sign by the people, by the
 other cardinals who might have voted for him on block. He's saying, no, I'm sorry. Because they
 always vote for such youthful people, don't they? Right. They voted for Cardinal Ratzinger,
 who was the mid 80s. Yeah, yeah, you're right. Yeah. Well, he would have been a very secret
 sign to say, like, I don't want to do it. Well, that's how it was interpreted. Yeah. And he would
 have been a very radical Pope. Oh, yeah. Yeah, yeah. Why? He was, he was pro contraception,
 pro, no, he wasn't. He was none of that. But he was, he was slightly more progressive, maybe,
 than the, the Benedict XVI ended up being. So, you know, I need to move us on in a second.
 Oh, some amnesties quickly, very quickly. So they quite often have these things where you
 can give in your weapons or whatever. And there was one quite recently where there was a rocket
 launcher was handed in in Cleveland. In Guernsey, they handed in a Klingon war sword.
 Oh, wow. In Birmingham, they handed in a three foot cannon.
 And in Hertfordshire, they handed in a herb cutter and a fondue fork.
 All right, we need to move on to our next fact. It is time for fact number three. And that is my
 fact. My fact this week is that in 2010, the annual Liars Club Lie of the Year award was marred
 with controversy when the winning liar was accused of having lied about his lie.
 Huge news. It's big. In Burlington, Wisconsin. So this is a club that began in 1929,
 because of a lie as well. The story is that two journalists basically decided to announce that
 there was a local lie of the year that happened. And they sent it out as a news story. And they
 thought it would disappear. But then the country picked up on it and it got spread around the
 country. And then as the next year was approaching, they were getting all these messages saying,
 "We're so excited for the Lie of the Year competition from the Liars Club." And so they had
 to then actually invent the Liars Club in order to have the Lie of the Year. So it's been going
 since 1929. And it's effectively, if anyone was reading every year, Edinburgh does the funniest
 jokes of the fringe, right? It's that kind of thing. It's that kind of thing. It's usually a
 bit of a joke. Exactly. So the lie was sent in by someone called David Mills. And he said,
 his lie was, "I almost had a psychic girlfriend, but she left me before we met." That was the lie.
 That's not a good lie. And every single lie that you read of the modern day Liars Club,
 it's just these one-liners. And it was discovered that that wasn't an original lie. That was
 someone, possibly Stephen Wright, the comedian. Oh, yeah. And then the two runner-ups were also
 stolen lies. So people were allegedly just taking funny lines off the internet and saying,
 "This is my lie." Exactly. Yeah. So the times have changed.
 So the Liars Club obviously had to deal with this. And they just came out and said,
 "Well, we don't care. That's fine." And so it just went on and they kept their championship. But
 yeah, it made me realise that there's a lying club. And it's not the good one. The good one is the
 British one. Did you read about the British one? The one in Cumbria. Yeah. Yeah. So this one in
 America has been going since the '20s. The one in Cumbria has been going since the '70s. And it
 was held in honour of a former landlord at the Bridge Inn. It was revived by his grandson,
 who was a 160-year-old former cesspit cleaner from Hungary. But it is essentially just the same
 thing, isn't it? Although I think the Cumbria one, they tend to tell a bit more of a long story.
 You get five to seven minutes and you go up and you build this long story. So someone who won at
 one year has said that they took a wheelie bin as a submarine and travelled under the ocean.
 And it's a real whimsical tall tale. Yeah. Yeah. There was one in 2011, Glenn Boylan one,
 after telling a tale about crossing a whippet with a mink. But Paul Burroughs failed to defend
 his title with the story about a bishop and a magical sausage. The one in 1929 was supposedly
 won by someone who said that they'd seen a three-mile-long whale. And then the second year,
 they rang up and said to the people, "Okay, live the year. Last year was this thing. What's the
 live the year this year?" And they didn't have an answer because they didn't have a competition.
 And so they said that the local police chief had said, "I never tell a lie." And that was their lie.
 They kind of do a few things like that. So there was one year, a few years in,
 they had a thousand entries. So this was the fourth year in. And they had one from Canada.
 And they disqualified it because they didn't want it to be an international contest. And the head
 of the contest said, "Let the foreign countries pay up their war debts if they want to get in the
 Liars contest." That is a huge leap. You can imagine like Germany and Britain and Frasgar,
 we might as well pay up then. Yeah. Is there a war debt from Canada? Not as far as I knew, but you
 know. He knows about something, why me. Sue Perkins did it one year, the British one. And one.
 Yeah. Is she? Yeah, she's a winner of the Liars Club. Oh, I was. I told you he was a nice guy,
 Paul Hollywood. That's a joke. He is a nice guy. That's a joke. No, it was Mary Berry. It was Mary
 Berry. But there is a thing about what men and women lie about. Because I think there are
 surveys, various surveys that say, "Oh, women lie more." Or, "Oh, men lie more." And I'm sure
 there's almost nothing between it. But there seems to be a bit of evidence that women tend to lie
 more about positive feelings. You know, like, "Oh, no, it's nice." Or whatever. That's a really
 interesting fact, honey. You should do that on the show, absolutely. No, it's completely average,
 darling. And, you know, like, men, like, sort of boast lie more, you know. No, it's completely
 average, darling. There is a thing that if children lie early on in their life, then it's supposed
 to be a sign of intelligence. So they did a thing where they gave kids a toy and put it behind them,
 and then they said, "Whatever you do, don't look at it." And then they left the room,
 and some of the kids looked at it, and some of them didn't, and some of them lied about it,
 and some of them didn't. And they found that when they looked in the future, or they didn't look in
 the future, in the future, in the future, when they looked back, they found that the ones who
 kind of lied about it had a higher IQ. The absolute best ones were the ones who didn't look at it
 and didn't lie about it. They tended to do better in future life. Someone at my primary school said
 that he wrote "Golden Brown" by the Stranglers. That's amazing. And he was, he was convincing,
 because actually if you think of the lyric, I was thinking, "Yeah, I could, yeah, I can see that."
 I was absolutely fooled. I found out the truth somewhere around 2017. Did you guys hear about
 Theodore Scharshmit? No, who's that? This is great. This is just a, he's a doctor, and he had, he was
 writing a report about lying, and a patient he'd treated who had a particular condition to do
 with lying. And this is amazing, right? In the 1990s, he had a patient who he nicknamed, because you
 know, when you write up patients, you don't give their name, you give a student name for them,
 he had a patient who he called Mr Pinocchio. And the reason for that was, if Mr Pinocchio ever tried
 to lie, if he tried to lie, he would pass out and have convulsions. Okay? There was something in
 his neural chemistry, which meant he couldn't do it. The only problem was he was a high-ranking
 European official constantly involved in negotiations. Every time he even so much as tried to lie,
 he would start having convulsions and passing out. And so it was a nightmare. Has he been involved
 in Brexit? Yes, on our side. And it's, yeah, and it's, he, he, it was a form of epilepsy. He had
 this tiny tumor. That is incredible. Tiny tumor inside his brain. It was operated on successfully.
 Is it a superhero thing, in a way? He'd be amazing Prime Minister, right? Yeah. You know
 he's telling the truth. I cannot tell lie. Prime Minister admitted hospital for 50th day running.
 It is like, if everyone knows that if you ever lie, you're going to do this, then they know
 that what you're saying is the truth. Yes. Except that he had the operation, had the tumor removed.
 Or did he? Those are the only people who aren't allowed to enter the Lies Club,
 isn't it? It's politicians. Politicians. Yeah, yeah. People with incredibly rare
 tumors. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Them as well. Yeah, yeah. It's a weird, yeah. It's a weird thing.
 Isn't it great? I'm just remembering an old childhood story when you're lied to as a kid,
 and you don't realize it until you're in your 20s. In this case, for me, I got told a story
 at school. I was at my friend Tom's house and I went to the toilet and there was no toilet paper
 there. And I, and I came out afterwards and I said to my friends, oh, they've got no toilet paper
 there. And then one of my friends said, oh yeah, none of them in the family wiped their bums. And I
 went, what do you mean they don't wipe their bums? And they said, they're all clean shitters. It just,
 it just happens. So they don't have toilet paper here. And then my other friend went, did you not
 know that about Tom? And I said, I know, I didn't know that about Tom. That's amazing. And so I believed
 for about 10 years. More than 10 years. No, no, no. You told us, you told us this anecdote at a time
 when you still believed it. Yeah, yeah, no, no, no. No, no, no. I remember this, I remember this
 clearly. Here's what I mean. Ten years in, the logic broke down for me because I thought that can't
 be possible. And instead of accepting the truth, I went, hang on, this is incredible. Are you telling
 me that the parents who are not related, because this could be genetic, they both don't need to wipe
 their ass? They must have been dating. And then they moved in and they just noticed the one toilet
 roll just kept hanging there. And then they produced non ass wiping children. That's what happened
 10 years after I continued the logic outside of it. And then it was, yeah, late 20s. It clicked. I
 was like, hang on a second, I think they were lying to me. Dan, does your wife ever give you
 advice about which facts to say on the show? She's never heard the show.
 It is time for our final fact of the show. And that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that
 unusual crisp flavours in history include prosecco, fish curry, buttered garlic scallop,
 vagina, and, and Arthur Scargill.
 Almost didn't let me get to the end of that one guys. This is, I know Richard, you're a big fan of
 crisps. I'm just, at some point you must have made a choice about which order to put those last two crisps in.
 Is it vagina, Arthur Scargill, or is it Arthur Scargill, vagina? Which of those is, which of those
 is funnier? I think, I think he made the right choice. Oh, thank you. Who is Arthur Scargill? I don't
 actually know. That's not really the important part of the fact. Okay. He was, what's a, what's a vagina?
 Arthur Scargill was basically the main guy in the minor strike in the 80s, I suppose it was. Yeah.
 And basically it was a guy who made some human flavoured cannibal crisps and they came in traffic
 ward and bank manager and Arthur Scargill flavour in the 80s. And he was going back because there
 were hedgehog crisps. And hedgehog crisps were really famous in the 80s. And he was kind of going
 in a slight sort of animal welfare thing and saying, well, you shouldn't really be eating
 hedgehog crisps, but why not eat Arthur Scargill crisps instead? Do you remember hedgehog crisps,
 Richard? I remember hedgehog crisps. I remember Arthur Scargill very well. I remember, yeah,
 hedgehog crisps was like everyone, it blew everyone's mind. And I was like about 10 or something
 and everyone just went, oh, you're kidding me. You, hedgehog crisps. It's like the funniest thing
 anyone had ever done in the history of the world. Someone had invented hedgehog crisps. They were
 just like, beef really, as anyone who's ever eaten hedgehog will know. So I don't think they had
 real hedgehog in them anymore than Arthur Scargill crisps had real Arthur Scargill. Now that was
 the problem, actually, because they called them hedgehog crisps and then trade descriptions said
 they couldn't use the name because they didn't have actual hedgehogs in them. And then later they
 called them hedgehog flavor crisps. Because this was actually in the early days of like proper crazy
 flavors of crisps. Yeah, right. And do we know what, do we know what Arthur Scargill, what he would
 have tasted like what the flavor was? To be honest, I think they were just branded like that. I think
 they just tasted of random beefy meat. Okay, right. He would have tasted like the solidarity of the
 working man, my friend, what he would have tasted like. He would have tasted a social justice
 Arthur Scargill. Have you heard, did you hear of Virgin Mary flavored crisps? So these were
 released in the last decade. This was 2013 by Pretta Monge. They released and they got a lot of
 complaints, obviously, from Christian and Catholic groups. And what Pretta Monge had intended was
 the non-alcoholic version of a Bloody Mary, Virgin Mary, tomato juice. It was basically
 a tomato flavor crisps, but they called them Virgin Mary flavor crisps. That's very funny.
 Is that the sort of thing the Pope would have been unhappy about or would he have been fine?
 If it had been the Archbishop of Milan, he probably... I wonder if the vagina crisps would have been
 available in the UK, because I was looking up what you're allowed to do as a product and release
 it. And there's so many rules with, particularly, companies' house. Tan feverishly got 15 tabs open,
 trying to find anywhere that'll ship these to you. I was just trying to find out about the
 trade's description rules, actually. It's a vagina. It's a hub. It's a New Zealand hub.
 But it's amazing. So there's been a list that's been revealed of all the company's names that have
 been rejected since 2019, and it's over 56,000 names. So I don't think vagina crisps would have
 made it into. So these are a few of the names that were applied for to say, "Can we be a business in
 the UK that we're rejected?" So you've got Anus Ale Limited, not allowed, Ass Cleaning Limited,
 rejected twice, Mick Shagger Limited, Bell End Holdings, and Little Prick's Acupuncture.
 None were allowed. Wow. That feels nice. The vagina crisps are made actually by a Lithuanian
 company, so you're right to be doubtful. They're called chas, and they look to the ingredients.
 So to get a vagina flavour, they use salt, onions, garlic, sugar, cream powder, yeast extract,
 lemon powder, parsley, black pepper, sour cream, and bay leaves. And they also come
 penis flavoured. Oh. And when I say come, I mean... And their flavouring comes from smoked salt,
 tomato powder, sugar, yeast extract, again, maybe some cross-contamination there, and spices.
 And they also sell Bosch flavour crisps, where all the money goes to Ukraine.
 So yeah, that kind of cool company I think. Wow. But is that... Do you think they've
 actually worked out that the average penis and vagina smells what those ingredients make up?
 And taste rather than smells, usually crisps.
 Oh, yes. Dan, you're about to lose your mind when you first taste a crisp. It's so exciting.
 I snort my crisps. Smell is very integral to taste.
 What they claim is that that did happen, that they got a load of experts in the field.
 Yeah. Which field was this?
 And they went to some flavouring experts and put the two together and they came up with this.
 Crikey. I haven't tasted them, so I couldn't possibly say.
 And they just... They left one packet of vagina crisps and one packet of penis crisps
 in the factory overnight. Next morning, a million packets.
 So, I found a slightly old claim, it was from about 10 or 15 years ago, and it was that
 half the crisps eaten in the EU, or what was the EU, are people eating crisps in Britain.
 That Britain ate half the crisps in the EU. That's a huge difference.
 Because crisps are not as much of a thing nearly on the continent. And they...
 Like, you might have an olive. You might have some sort of very civilised...
 They have laze, don't they? That's why I always notice when I go abroad.
 Yeah, but who buys the laze? It's British people on holiday, isn't it?
 It's British people abroad. Yeah.
 This goes right to the top, James.
 Is that why they call them late? Because it's kind of funny, it sounds a bit like having sex.
 And they think they're going to get English people to buy those.
 That's right. That's why they do it. Yeah.
 Wow. That's why I bought those biscuits in Montenegro called knob lice, isn't it?
 Wow. Anything to declare, sir?
 I have nothing to declare except this cane and these knob lice.
 But in Europe, they're paprika crisps, right? That's their favourite thing.
 Whereas we're the geniuses behind corn maze snacks, is the truth,
 which we always think of as crisps.
 And the 1970s was such an extraordinary era.
 It was like the '90s for the internet, but for corn maze snacks.
 1970... Sorry, what is it called? Can you give me an example?
 Oh, I'm about to. Okay, sorry.
 Oh. Don't you worry about that.
 By the end of this little bit, you will be in no doubt as to what a corn maze snack is,
 I promise you. Carry on, Professor.
 1970, they invent watsits. Oh, yeah.
 Okay. Wow. 1973, they invent skips.
 1974, they invent frazzles.
 1977, they invent monster munch.
 All within seven years. Wow.
 The big hitters, all within seven years.
 Who were they? You're saying it's like NASA.
 Well, do you know what?
 Quavers were invented in 1968 before man walked on the moon.
 One before the Beatles broke up. Yeah, exactly.
 Gosh, you could have had...
 You could have been eating some quavers as you heard the news
 that the Beatles have broken up.
 That is striking. That is striking.
 Thank you. It is striking, isn't it?
 They could have had quavers on the moon. That would have been amazing.
 That would have been amazing. Yeah, yeah.
 Do you know, listen, I know you love an undiscovered hero on the show.
 You know what Leslie Ivy did?
 No. 1974, Leslie Ivy.
 OK, something snack-related?
 Yeah, very much so. OK.
 Invented a new flavour?
 He's... Leslie Ivy is a machinist.
 He was a machinist at the Smith's Crisp factory,
 and he is the guy who invented how to put stripes on frazzles.
 Wow. Yeah. Wow.
 And he's here tonight.
 That's a weird suntan you've got, Leslie, sort of.
 The first two-ever flavours, do you know that...
 You used to just be ready-sorted.
 And it was Tato Crisp who came up with flavours for the first time.
 OK. A guy called Joe Murphy, he ran it,
 and Seamus Burke, who was his chief technician.
 And they thought, "We found a way to get flavour onto a crisp."
 And they experimented with two flavours.
 They thought, "We're going to start with just experiment,
 "with just in the lab, or just experiment."
 And those two flavours, the first two flavours ever in the history of crisps,
 cheese and onion, salt and vinegar.
 Ah. Wow. How about that?
 They've got the stranglehold on the flavour market,
 because they are the two Tatoes.
 Yeah, exactly. They were literally the first two they ever tried.
 I was reading that they thought of crisps in the old days as potatoes,
 because they're made of potatoes.
 What? So...
 Well, no, but then you would...
 We always like to throw something you don't know into this show.
 Oh, my God. I don't know.
 First the pope now, this.
 Stop it. This is terrified.
 It's because... That's that kind of place.
 Please, go on, Professor.
 Like, sorry, but the potatoes are made...
 Look, so crisps are made of potatoes, right?
 That's... Right.
 They thought, you know, only things that go with potatoes,
 cheese and onion, you'd have a potato dish, you know,
 and you'd have some cheese and onions on the side of it,
 or you'd slice potatoes and boil them up with some cheese and onions.
 So those were the natural things.
 And they hadn't freed their minds yet, using the process.
 It was called gas chromatography.
 And that was a very...
 That was a new procedure after the war, they invented that.
 Basically, in the old days, to get an apple flavouring,
 you would have to start with a ton of apples,
 then you'd end up with two grams of apple flavour.
 And then gas chromatography meant you could identify the compounds
 that made that flavour and recreate it.
 Yeah. Another hero from the history of crisps,
 Laura Scudder, she invented bags of crisps.
 OK, so before her, you would get a big barrel of crisps
 or potato chips in America,
 or you'd be tins or display cases, and you'd go in
 and they'd kind of shovel them into something
 and you would take them out... A bag?
 A bag. A bag.
 There's no... You're getting around it. It was a bag.
 But what she did is she got her workers to take home sheets of wax paper,
 they ironed them in the shape of what we would now today know as crisp bags,
 and then they would take them to the factory the next day,
 and then it would put actual crisps in crisps bags,
 and we never had that before then. Right.
 And she was also the first person to put fresh buy dates on any products,
 as in these would be fresh for this... Fresh buy.
 Fresh buy. You know, like, has it best before ends. Use buy.
 In America, yeah, fresh buy dates. They call it fresh buy.
 Yeah, well, let's say yes.
 So...
 Fresh buy. She was really interesting,
 because she only got into crisps because she had a shed
 and she wanted to rent it out to me.
 That was the obvious next step, wasn't it?
 She was selling it to people to work in,
 and there was a guy who claimed to be a barber,
 but he was actually selling bootleg alcohol,
 and she was very religious and she didn't like this,
 so she kicked him out, and she was like,
 "Well, what am I going to do with this shed?
 I might as well make crisps."
 Sorry, can I ask a question? Just a point of order.
 Buy barber. Do you mean barbershop guy?
 LAUGHTER
 Yeah, she couldn't get insurance for her delivery trucks
 because she was a woman,
 and so she had to find a special insurance company,
 and she once turned down a $9 million offer for her company
 because the buyer wouldn't guarantee her employer's jobs.
 - Wow. - So Arthur Skaggle would be proud.
 Yeah.
 - And quavers. - Yes.
 Is it true, and I'm looking at you, Richard, when I ask this,
 is it made of the leftovers from potatoes
 which have not made it into crisps?
 So, basically, it's the starch that gets...
 The Walker's factory has a log flume that the potatoes all go down.
 - Right. - Which washes out some of the starch.
 They all get their photo taken, don't they?
 LAUGHTER
 Oh, I want that one. Look at you.
 Oh, I definitely want that one.
 LAUGHTER
 It's above the mountelpiece.
 Every time I remember, "Look at his face there!"
 - Look at his eyes. - It's dead now, of course.
 It's dead now.
 - Ooh! - A good question.
 I don't know. I thought that they were corn, but perhaps they're not.
 - Perhaps they're potatoes. - I think the starch is...
 - Perhaps that's why they got invented a bit earlier. - Maybe, yeah.
 I read that the starch has turned into quavers from the potatoes.
 So, it's a way of using everything that they have, basically.
 - Like nose-to-tail eating. - Yes.
 - But for potatoes. - Yeah, exactly.
 That's good. I know that Monster Munch
 were not originally called Monster Munch.
 They essentially got released a year earlier.
 I think this is the best-ever name change.
 That a product has had.
 So, in 1977, they came out as Monster Munch and were a huge hit.
 But to the year before, yeah, they were called something else.
 I would say... I think they look like hands, to me.
 I would say "hands", was the name.
 Yeah. Do you know what?
 When they first came out, they were called hands, yeah.
 That's right. They were called hands.
 - Good name. - Yeah.
 - Good name. - What were they called?
 They'd also look a bit like if you had tiny hands,
 like knuckle dusters, right? Like, you can fit your...
 You can fit two fingers in and maybe...
 Wow.
 And they thought I was talking about the vagina, Chris.
 So, I was talking about...
 Oh, God.
 I assume it must have had some monster in their originality.
 So, yeah, the...
 Was it to do with the dance? There was that big dance craze.
 The monster stance, the mash.
 - Monster mash? - Yeah.
 No, all they know is not that. It's a really bad pun.
 Oh, monster...
 So, I tell you, you won't get it if you're thinking of puns.
 I don't think you are capable of doing a pun this bad.
 York Minster. York Minster.
 Oh, yeah, nice.
 - Not a million miles away. - Yeah, he is capable.
 Yeah, yeah.
 - I'll take it back. - That's the worst.
 - I stand corrected. - Welcome to the world, our new brand,
 York Minster.
 We were told it was a bad brand, too, yeah.
 They were called Prime Monsters.
 I literally was about to say that.
 And I thought that's so shit, I'm not going to say that.
 You know what, Richard, if someone says that I'm pointless,
 - do they still get the point? - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Well, I don't do pointless anymore,
 but, yes, if I look in their eyes and believe them...
 Oh, my God, I didn't even get the...
 - ...pun I'm afraid. - The Prime Minister.
 Prime Minister. Richard, that's genuinely good to go down
 as one of the most disappointing moments of my life.
 - And you've had a few, right? - Yeah.
 My kids will hear this episode, not my wife, obviously.
 She doesn't listen, but...
 Let's do a little edit.
 Anybody? Anyone guess it, Dan?
 - Prime Monster? - It's the right answer.
 - CHEERING AND APPLAUSE - Oh.
 And that's all the time we have.
 That's it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 I win this episode, and...
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 - James. - @JamesHarken.
 - Andy. - @ProfessorAndrewHunterMurray.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 - Richard. - That's a good question.
 - @RichardOzman, I think. - It's @RichardOzman.
 - There we go. - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Or you can get us on our group account, which is @NoSuchThing,
 or you can go to our website,
 nosuchthingasafish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there,
 so do have a listen.
 Thank you, everyone, for being here tonight.
 Richard, thank you so much for being here tonight.
 - It's such a pleasure. - And...
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then. Goodbye!
 (cheering and applause)
 (upbeat music)
 (cheering and applause)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
