 "It's time to get out of here."
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covern Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Ann Miller, James Harkin, and Anitzo Zinski.
 And once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the
 last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the very hungry caterpillar was originally called a
 week with Willie The Worm.
 That's quite a different book, that sounds like.
 Yeah, how similar was it to this story about a caterpillar?
 Oh, well, it was a different ending, but it was a similar--
 Didn't Worm didn't turn into a butterfly?
 No, the worm didn't turn into a butterfly.
 The book wasn't written by a guy called Eric Karl, and he was inspired by a whole punch.
 He noticed that the hole was going through some paper, and he thought, "What if I turn
 this into a book?"
 And so he thought, "Well, I could do a bookworm that goes through the holes."
 So that's why it was called Willie The Bookworm.
 And then I think it was his publisher, came up to him and said, "Well, why don't you change
 it instead of a worm into a caterpillar?"
 And he thought, "Ah-ha, caterpillars turn into butterflies, spoiler alert.
 I could do that at the end of my book."
 Okay.
 "Do we know, was it going to be like Monday, what if the worm goes to the shops, Tuesday,
 stays in bed all day?"
 It just seems like, I don't know why.
 He spends a week with Willie The Worm.
 This is the worst Craig David song of the world.
 There are some quite traumatising children's books out there.
 There's one that's like about the journey of a sperm, which is really popular at the
 moment.
 I don't know what a sperm is.
 It's a cold where Willie went.
 I think it is, which is actually very misleading, calling it Willie.
 I think that is going to confuse a lot of children, I don't know.
 I saw a picture of that book where Willie went, it's called "The Big Story of a Little
 Sperm".
 And on the front cover it says, "The best story of its sort, the Daily Mail."
 So it's like, "Oh wow."
 "This is the best children's book about sperm."
 In the genre.
 That is out there.
 Children's Bermbecks.
 Last year's best-selling UK child's author.
 Dear Williams?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He made seven million last year of book sales.
 Seven million pounds.
 Yes.
 He needs to get out of the podcasting game and into the children's books game.
 I know.
 Yeah.
 So his books get something like 600,000 sales each, like these got about eight books.
 It's ridiculous.
 So I didn't look into books because I'm bored of them.
 I don't read.
 Hell enough of it.
 I just looked at worms.
 Oh yeah.
 Anyone else interested in worms?
 Yeah, definitely.
 So have you ever tried worm fiddling?
 No.
 What's that?
 Or worm charming.
 Or worm charming, worm fiddling and worm grunting are all very similar.
 So worms, I don't think we know why, but when you create vibrations in the ground then worms
 come up to the surface and so the way you worm fiddle or you worm grunt, which is like getting
 worms up to the surface, is by making vibrations in the ground.
 And they think it might be because molds when they're coming to attack worms, they borrow
 towards them, make vibrations so they come up.
 Another theory is that they think it's rain coming down and so they're going out so that
 they don't drown.
 Yeah.
 We think on the other end, whenever a tractor like plows a field, that's the vibration.
 So the worms get exposed.
 But then they get eaten by all those birds that are always following.
 Exactly.
 And the birds are extremely good at it.
 And the big old dance that you often see them doing, where they bounce around on the
 floor a little bit, gets to get the worms to come up.
 But so worm grunting, charming fiddling, whatever, is kind of a competitive sport.
 And the person who holds the record for it is a 10-year-old girl who set it in 2009 in Chesha,
 and she brought up 567 worms out of the ground.
 That's so cool.
 That's so cool.
 In this little portion of land.
 There was one, yeah, I think it was like two or three years ago at the worm charming
 worm. No one got a single worm in the entire group of charmers.
 Wow.
 Well, maybe that's why they've got more imaginative in how to get them up.
 Apparently, in the competition that this girl won, techniques to get the worms up included
 a man who strummed rock tunes on his guitar, a woman who tapped dance to the theme from Star Wars
 and a man who played the xylophones with bottles, none of whom actually won, but it does sound
 like a really entertaining event.
 And what did she do again?
 She just did the common ways you tap the ground with cinema.
 So she just went classic on it?
 She went classic.
 I had a wee look at Eric Carl's website and his frequently asked questions.
 I don't know.
 I guess one of his frequently asked questions about the hungry caterpillar is?
 The one problem with the hungry caterpillar?
 It's that it comes out of a cocoon, not a chrysalis.
 Okay.
 So usually butterflies come from chrysalis, but there is one called the pinesian that comes
 in a cocoon.
 So the one's quibbling.
 That was a good, good point.
 Okay.
 A good, good point.
 So he's technically looked to how he could live in Siberia.
 I based it on a Siberian caterpillar.
 But he also says, and here's my unscientific explanation.
 My caterpillar is very unusual.
 Caterpillars don't eat lollipops and ice cream, so you won't find my caterpillar in any
 field guides.
 Right.
 Fock top, right?
 Yeah.
 I fucked up.
 I should have said that.
 I said this.
 Just leave it.
 Yeah.
 He's so angry.
 He's an ash, he's an ash, he's an ash, a national treasure, but love by children.
 Yeah, but he's got a curve of language.
 It's not appropriate for an FAQ, and you're on the website.
 Can I just quickly tell you about one really terrifying worm?
 I know I keep one trying to rebound this conversation back to worms.
 But there is this worm, the bobbet worm, which lives on the bottom of the ocean.
 Oh, is he named after Lorraine a bobbet?
 I don't know who that is.
 Is it John Wayne bobbet?
 Yeah, so Lorraine a bobbet was John Wayne bobbet's wife.
 Yeah.
 Who chops off his penis.
 Yeah.
 That makes sense.
 Maybe he's named off into compensated penis.
 Was it by any chance a 10 foot long penis?
 Wow.
 Not by the time she cut it off.
 It is 10 foot long.
 It lives on the bottom of the ocean, and it lives under the sand at the bottom of
 the ocean.
 And then when pre comes past, it pops up and snaps its jaws down so fast that it can cut
 fish straight in half.
 Wow.
 And then it sucks them.
 So if you're cut in half, you're dead already, which is good for you.
 And if you're not, it sucks you down into the sand, understand, and eat you.
 I just think a 10 foot long worm that can cut fish in half is pretty cool worm.
 I have a more scary worm than that, even, I think.
 Oh, yeah.
 This is a colonoscopy performing robot that moves through your body in the same way
 that an earthworm moves.
 As in, they've actually made the movement of it to mimic it.
 To mimic an earthworm.
 Wow.
 That was quite scary.
 Is there any reason they're sending robots into my body?
 Oh, yeah.
 To medical purposes.
 Yeah.
 And some is products.
 And the 10 foot run.
 Yeah.
 We'll make it.
 Yeah.
 I like this.
 I clicked on the Mongolian death worm, which I think we've just guessed before.
 We have.
 By the way, interesting facts.
 I was going to mention it.
 But Andy has banned me from ever talking about the Mongolian death worm.
 Here's your chance.
 He's not here.
 Sometimes, for listeners who haven't heard it, it's a worm from Mongolia that shoots lightning
 bolts out of its anus.
 Disgusting creature that fires lightning out of its anus, Andy Murray will be back next
 week.
 Yeah.
 We should move on soon, anyway.
 Oh, should we?
 OK.
 We can do more worms.
 I've got a few more kid book things.
 One is, one's a question, which is J.K. Rowling has said that she regrets killing one
 character from Harry Potter.
 I want to see if anyone can guess.
 Is it Harry Potter?
 Does he die?
 James.
 It's, so I can't answer that for spoiler alert reasons.
 And I actually didn't write down his name, but he's a random ice cream man, right?
 Florian Fortescue.
 Right.
 So yeah, it's just a total random character, but it's because it was a senseless killing.
 She didn't bring it back into the story in any way.
 She didn't justify the killing for any reason.
 She just had him killed.
 She was just having a bad day.
 So I'm going to run into her website saying, your wizards aren't actually technically
 wizards.
 I just lost it.
 OK, time for fact number two, and that is end.
 My fact is that in World War II, the 20 committee was in charge of turning German spies and
 Roman numerals that made them the XX committee or the Double Cross committee, which basically
 means a peak wartime.
 Someone thought, you know what's good here?
 A pun.
 Yeah.
 Did they do it on purpose then?
 I'm not.
 So I heard this.
 I went to Black Tea Park the other week and I got told it on the walking tour, which
 was brilliant, but I have read recently that they were Double Cross first and then
 until it's 20 after.
 So either way, it's the Double Cross pun and then 24 making it less obvious, but it was hiding
 in plain sight.
 And is there a one to 19?
 I don't know.
 I think it just was 20.
 When someone said that was.
 I don't know about ones 19 actually.
 I think.
 I don't know.
 Well, I know the guy who oversaw it was this guy called Tar Roberts, who was the MI5 agent
 who overlooked it.
 And he would have done it on purpose because so wartime rules dictated that spy code
 names couldn't have a hint of the person's actual identity in them.
 And he disregarded these rules completely and made his own rule that every single spy name
 had to be a pun hint as to his actual name or a joke.
 Amazing.
 What was he called?
 He was called Tar Robertson, actually.
 And I didn't think he gave himself.
 I think he gave himself a perfectly like impossible to uncover name, but so it was like
 Dusko Popov was his second in command and he called him Scoot because he popped off.
 Popov.
 Nice.
 Although he then later changed his code name to Tricycle because he was known for having
 three sons.
 I have Tricycle.
 I have Arthur Owens, one of the first agents they turned on this and his code name was Snow,
 which is most letters of his surname.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 But he was great because he was one of the first to work for this committee and he was very
 useful because the Abwehr, the Germans used him as their meeting great for new agents arriving
 in Britain.
 Everyone that came in just by for them went through him.
 He was a reporter to MI5, so he could just let them know what was going on.
 So just to give this a bit more context, this is World War II, bletchley Park, it's set up.
 They were trying to sort of get a lot of tricks over on the Germans and a lot of
 German agents were coming into Britain and immediately are they being caught or giving themselves
 up and then acting as double agents back to Germany or sending messages back and it was
 a huge part of the war.
 I mean, it led to some of the biggest moments in the war like the D-Day, the D-Day justified
 it.
 I have read one really good book extract which is basically saying this was this ridiculous
 side show with these idiots playing spy games for the whole war, mostly pointless and
 the only reason we now look back on them with this like air of God they saved us because
 of D-Day.
 Like there was one instance where we tried to persuade the Germans that we were going
 to be attacking the French coast at a certain place and so we sent out all these secret radio
 signals hoping they picked them up and stuff and they'd get all their troops there and
 then we sent some dummy boats out to warn the French coast so it seemed like we were going
 to attack and they hadn't picked up on any of these things we planted in their radio waves
 so we just spent ridiculous amounts of money and effort on absolutely nothing.
 One of my favourite double agents was a guy who was a codename Garbo so he was a guy who
 called Pujaro Garcia from Barcelona, he was anti-communist and he did not say he wanted
 to work for the British but he thought he'd be more helpful if he was already a German spy
 so he got himself recruited by telling them he had a visa and was going to England anyway
 didn't have the visa so he was spent his all his time in Lisbon library making up stuff
 for his spy network and research lines including things like there are in Glasgow men who
 will do anything for a liter of wine and the reports were so accurate.
 That was a lie was it. His impression from Lisbon of what life in Britain was like but his
 reports were so accurate and my five got really worried and started hunting for this mole
 in the UK because a lot of stuff was getting out he was just making it all up and then in
 the end he managed to get recruited by Britain and came over here to spy told the Germans
 he had 24 spies as big network and because it was backed up by the British whenever he
 that killed someone off they put their obituary in the paper so it would look legit to the
 Germans. On D-Day he was telling his colleagues to stand by for an important message to
 distract them from what was actually happening and they never found out when he got
 honours after the war for his efforts by the Germans.
 I didn't know that thing about all the names had to be a slight pun and I've got a big list
 of names of some of the spies and is it all falling into place now.
 Slightly I mean you got to sort of know what they did like I don't know what biscuit did.
 Eight last nights.
 I can presume what the spy careless did got fired.
 Yeah. Freak. Not sure what he did.
 Gander.
 Oh Gander I can tell you Gander. Gander was just cut goose.
 Which I would have been so annoyed if I was cut goose and my boss said I'm going to give
 you the codename gander.
 I think I'd be saying do you mind giving me a slightly less obvious codename.
 How about this one? Sniper.
 I wonder if the idea is because like in those days there would have been a stereotype that
 Germans don't have a sense of humour probably and they felt by doing puns they'll never
 get these puns because Germans don't have a sense of humour.
 I bet they had that chat in my five HQ.
 I'm going to guess that one's hair base.
 Well the word mullet about hair only dates back to the 1980s that was the earliest anyone's
 ever found it is in a song by the beastie boys and no one's ever found an earlier use of
 the word mullet.
 So beastie boys technically coined mullet.
 Yeah actually it might even be 90s.
 So the first Germans boys who came over were ill-peared right they couldn't speak any
 English, a lot of them, or spoke really bad English.
 So the extent that M.I.5 thought they were joking thought they were lying used to interrogate
 them and say obviously, you know, Germany wouldn't be stupid now, so despite who could
 not speak any English.
 But yeah isn't that bizarre?
 Yeah.
 So with Bletchley when they set this up the way that they started recruiting people was
 through a crossword that they put out on the papers and they set a challenge saying
 if people think that they can do a crossword within 12 minutes come and take this challenge
 so people came and they did the challenge and after they won they would then re-contact
 it saying, listen you managed to do this, why don't we get you to work it Bletchley?
 And they reprinted the crossword, you can try the crossword and see if you can do it in
 12 minutes.
 Yeah.
 I send off crosswords to the Sunday Times and Telegraph when I've done them and I do it in
 the secret hope that one day I'm going to get a phone call that one.
 I mean they do invite you to send them off to win a fountain pen, it's not like I'm just
 sending it on.
 How many people is it every week?
 How many pens do you have?
 Telegraph.
 I've never won a pen.
 I want to note that.
 I've never once successfully got the clue to a crossword right, ever.
 What a critic.
 I have any crossword and I'm tried, exactly what a spy would say though and they'd be like,
 I am so bad at crosswords they would never recruit me.
 Because they ain't find out, Dan Shivers is a spy, it's a day in book, my ticket to Mars one
 way.
 Well here's another bit of evidence, he doesn't really speak very good English.
 Would a spy say covered guard?
 Yeah.
 It's a no one knows where we are.
 It's an actor genius.
 My name is Shriver, German surname.
 What does that mean again?
 Shriver.
 Writer.
 Writer.
 Yeah, just saying.
 And that was my chronic kind of pun, right?
 When they gave you that.
 Yes.
 It is all falling into place.
 There's this book called Double Cross, the true story of D-Day Spies, it's by a guy called
 Ben McIntyre and I would highly recommend it, it's full of really exciting Spies.
 Yeah, could I just say as well?
 He wrote a book called Agent Zigzag, one of the best nonfiction books I've read about
 spying.
 It reads like an Indiana Jones novel based on one of these agents, Agent Zigzag.
 Yeah, he's awesome.
 Yeah.
 But so he tells this story about a spy called Goster Karolli, who was a German spy who was
 parachuted into the Northamptonshire countryside, he got a concussed because he had a bad landing
 and he tried to sleep off his concussion in a ditch, a farmer saw his leg poking out and
 so he was arrested.
 But then it was great being arrested as a spy in those days because you'd immediately
 have the government going, "What do you want to just be a spy for us instead?"
 So he was arrested and agreed to be a double agent for Britain, but he agreed at first
 and then he sort of changed his mind and decided he was betraying the Nazis, so he was in
 a safe outing Cambridge and he was given a minder because double agents had mined us to check
 they weren't going rogue and he crept up behind his minder while he was playing patience
 and tried to throttle him with a piece of rope.
 When this didn't work, he apologized, tied him to a chair and ran off with a tin of
 pilchards, a pineapple and a large canvas canoe, then he stole a motorbike and rode towards
 the coast with the canoe balanced on his head with the plan to row to Holland.
 He fell off the motorbike unspricingly I guess and then he approached a passing man and asked
 him to help him dispose of his canoe over a hedge, at which point when the man had helped
 him do that, this man called the police and said, "A guy with a German accent on a motorbike
 and a canoe in his head just asked me to help him dispose of his canoe.
 Does that sound right?" and then the quote from this book was, "Clearly unfit for double
 agent work, he's my dresser, the war in prison."
 I like to think that if he'd have gotten to the coast he would have gotten his canoe and
 put the motorbike on his head and rode across the coast.
 I feel like you've told me this before Anne and I don't think it's been on our show, which
 is that at one point when Bletchley was going on Agatha Christie, so she got investigated.
 Do you want to tell the story?
 It's really interesting.
 Well, so Agatha Christie had a friend who actually worked at Bletchley who was very much a part
 of the enigma code cracking team and she released a book called N or M and in it there's a character
 called Major Bletchley and everyone got really worried that this guy, Dilly Nox's name, was
 leaking information about Bletchley to Agatha Christie and it turns out that what happened
 was she was on a train heading back to London from Oxford and it stopped for ages at Bletchley
 and she got so annoyed by being stopped in the delay that she said, "I'm going to name
 the worst character in my book after this crappy town that we've been stuck in."
 And so it was just a total coincidence.
 Bletchley isn't on the way from Oxford to London.
 She's a spy.
 She's obviously a spy.
 I can't believe James and I are the first ones to spot that Bletchley is my.
 Did she mean redding?
 All of the spies were in redding park and we've just been missing her in these other places.
 Just a couple of things on punning.
 Yep.
 Always.
 Obviously a pun in the name.
 So there's a pun in the book of Genesis.
 So what is it?
 The Bible.
 The problem is that puns that are written in different languages aren't very good to repeat
 on this podcast because we can't get them unless I explain the language to you but so it's
 that the word for cunning which describes the serpent is very similar to the word for
 naked.
 The words are arum and arumim and so I think it's the idea is maybe that it's a pun saying
 that the serpent is very close with its evil.
 It's actually very close to these naked people who are about to be evil or so that's very
 very funny in the Bible.
 Would I open it with it?
 Yep, they did.
 Okay, time for fact number three and that is Chuzinski.
 My fact this week is that houses in Bali are built in proportion to the owner's body.
 That's incredible.
 It's so cool.
 But what does it mean?
 I don't actually know what it means.
 It's mean if you have a big head they do a big roof or something.
 It's kind of like that except it's not quite laid out like that.
 You obviously haven't spoken to Bali and he's architects but it's similar.
 So.
 So your head and shame James.
 So the employer special kind of architect who's called an undargy and the first thing
 he does when you employ him to come and build your household is he measures all your
 body parts and works out and by those measurements he can work out what shape and size to make the
 house.
 So he'll measure different parts of the head.
 He measures the distance from the elbow to the fingers I think.
 The width of the fist, the length of the index finger, the width of the little finger and
 all these measurements determine the size of the compound and the dimensions inside of
 like pavilions and the spacing of different pillars and the width of the beds even is determined
 by the width of a fingernail or whatever.
 It's so weird.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, it's really cool.
 And there's a bit.
 So part of the house represents the head and that's where the head of the family should
 stay because they think that the head is the most sacred part of the body is the best
 bit.
 And then the feet are where sort of the cows and the pig if you've got if you own farm animals
 the foot area of the house is where they stay and then it's got an anus area which is
 where the rubbish is and which is where they measure the size of your area.
 I believe they have to.
 Wow.
 Otherwise you can't build a proper house.
 That's amazing.
 I mean, I'm assuming that's not every single house in Bali.
 I've been to Bali and I've never seen the measurements.
 No, it's traditional houses.
 Because if you didn't know who had done that process and not and you got to their house
 and you saw it at the back, there was a massive rubbish bit, but Mike's got a massive anus.
 I have no idea.
 Is he okay?
 There are three skits for that.
 You were a mess anus.
 Of.
 Yeah, I don't know if they do that.
 Right.
 I wonder if you'd be able to go to a house, measure all the rooms and say, "Oh, this person
 must have slightly above average size head, large anus, whatever, large feet so it's going
 to be Jeff or whatever."
 Yeah.
 Or maybe if you take your girlfriend home then she brings a tape measure and you find her
 measuring the sort of protruded extension at some point and that's how you judge a man,
 isn't it?
 But you'd be just like, you know what they say about men with large areas for their pigs
 and cattle.
 Huge feet.
 The protruding extension.
 By the way, Jeff and Mike, not very Balinese names, for these examples, but Balinese names
 are really interesting.
 So I used to go to Bali a lot as a child because I grew up in Hong Kong, it was very close
 and so we used to go a lot because Hong Kong being a concrete jungle, you sort of wanted
 to get away from the city.
 That was a nice place that you could get to very easy.
 And the names there, so they're kind of given the same names.
 This is traditionally, so I don't want to speak as if everyone's got this, but Huayan is
 a name that I've known since childhood because everyone I've met there is called Huayan.
 It's the oldest.
 The first son is called Huayan.
 There's a few other options for that as well, but Huayan is the big one.
 Second born names, Maddie, and Huayan's for guys by the way.
 Then you've got the third born, the fourth born, and that's all that the list goes up to.
 So then if you have a fifth child, they just call it Huayan and then use the word for
 again in Balinese, so it's Huayan again.
 So the word for the name for a fourth child, the ones that Dan's just listed there have
 a few alternatives.
 So you can say Huayan and then there are a couple of other synonyms that they say, so you
 can have one of two or three names.
 But if you're the fourth born, there's only one name, and I think that's because at the
 time this system was set up, they wanted to discourage people from having too many kids,
 so they were like, look, you're fourth kid, you've only got one option for the name.
 And that option is Ketut, and it means little banana, as in the smallest banana at the
 end of the bunch, so every single fourth child is called little banana.
 That's much sweeter than that.
 Do you remember the thing we had about Victorian slang for the youngest child?
 What was that?
 Last shake of the bag.
 Oh yeah.
 My turn, Victorians.
 I just, this is completely off topic, but I was reading about it today.
 If you read any old kind of Guinness book of records, there's often the woman with most
 children, and she was Russian, she was from St. Petersburg, I don't remember her name, Valentina,
 maybe it was something.
 Maybe Valentina, for Silly Air, for something.
 Anyway, so she had 67 children, if I remember rightly, a lot of them were triplets and twins.
 So they just got a big garbage jump, isn't she?
 Valentina.
 Yeah, but what I learned today is that her husband, after he left her, and then went to another
 woman and had 18 children with her.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 It's like 19th century, so I think we're not 100% sure if it's all true, but there are some
 contemporary reports about it.
 Wow.
 So it's possible that everyone in St. Petersburg has descended from that one man.
 That is.
 That's the logical conclusion.
 So in Bali, they have sort of an inbuilt sense of direction.
 It's one of the first things you learn is your sense of direction, and anthropological
 accounts will say that if like a traditional Barlinese person moves to a place where they're
 not sure about the orientation, they get really disoriented, then that can make them feel
 really uncomfortable.
 You mean like it's you always know which way is North kind of thing?
 You always know which way is North, except if you go to Bali and you ask which way is North,
 sometimes they'll point south because these people have an extraordinary way of telling
 where is North.
 Why do they point south?
 So the reason they point south is actually because the equivalent North in Bali is actually
 just towards their biggest mountain, so in the biggest mountain in Bali is right in the
 middle, and so it's not actually North, it's Kaja, but that's often translated in English
 as North.
 And most people live in the south of Bali, so Kaja is usually North, but if you're North
 Bali and they say Kaja, then they mean south towards the mountain.
 And all of the orientation is based on towards the mountain or towards sea.
 But I reckon if I had to point towards the largest feature in my island, I would be able
 to do that.
 I mean there's a massive mountain.
 You just go look, it's there.
 Yeah.
 Just stop doing down the innate sense of direction.
 Like when points like Ben Nevers can't hear the way, or they can't see it, although I did
 me something that said that Barlinese people who live nearer other mountains use that mountain
 instead of North.
 Is this Mount Agung?
 Yes.
 Okay, so Mount Agung, it's twice the size of Ben Nevers.
 Can you see it from everywhere?
 I feel like it was always, you know, there's obviously bits where you just go way too
 far and it's just what a fog might take over or something like that.
 But yeah, it's, that erupts quite, it will use to erupt quite a lot.
 I remember as kids when we used to go past it, we were always really scared because they
 said, well, it's still active and that's not what you want to hear.
 Yeah.
 And I asked my dad, what would we do in the situation, and he said, well, I'd grab your sister
 and run.
 What about me?
 So in the scenario of death, I was being left behind by my dad, that's why I learned that
 day.
 At least he was honest with you.
 Yeah.
 Should we move on?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 China now, the Chinese government now has a ban on building eccentric buildings because people
 keep building buildings they consider embarrassing.
 One of them was built by a British company and it's called the pair of pants.
 It's been called the pair of pants.
 It used to be called the Gate of the Orient Building because it looks like a giant pair
 of trousers and lots of people in the area complained it's in suju in China and local
 bystanders are raging that it's just a big pair of pants as soon as the legs were joined together
 and they say, I just feel like I'm humiliated as I walk under someone's crotch.
 And so the Chinese government said, look, no more embarrassing buildings.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Shame.
 They did a few years ago in South Sudan, do you remember, when they got their independence,
 they decided they were going to build all of their cities in the shape of animals.
 Wow.
 So they were going to move the capital from, oh god, the capital is Juba, I think.
 They were going to move it to a new city which was shaped like a giraffe or an elephant
 or something.
 The city was shaped like a giraffe.
 Yeah, really?
 And they would put like the president's palace would be in the eye of the elephant or giraffe
 and the waste disposal would be where the anus would be.
 Cool.
 There's like the streets would be the light up.
 Yeah, but they never did it because basically it would cost like £20 billion to do it and
 the poorest country in the world so they never did it.
 Yeah.
 But they thought it might get like tourism and stuff.
 I got to visit a giraffe town.
 I don't know if you would if it was in the South Sudan.
 I'd be tempted to pop in if I was ever going from Oxford to London.
 OK, time for our final fact of the show and that is my fact.
 And my fact this week is that according to Isaac Newton, the world is going to end in
 2060.
 Hi.
 And he knew a lot.
 So we believe it.
 No, OK, so we definitely shouldn't believe it.
 It's interesting that he just made that prediction though.
 And he because obviously we all know if you've looked into Newton's life that he was obviously
 this great scientist, but he also believed in a lot of, I don't know, alchemy and mystical
 sort of stuff.
 Crazy shit.
 Crazy stuff.
 Yeah, and he also, but the Bible was one thing that he really loved analyzing and this is
 where he got the date 2060 from.
 He was analyzing the Bible and he was trying to work out when they ended the world would
 be, I think.
 But he said that 2060 is just the earliest that might end.
 Yeah.
 I think he said it may end later, but I see no reason for it ending sooner than 2060.
 Yeah.
 He also said it was to put a stop to the rash conjectures of fanciful men who are frequently
 predict in the time of the end and by doing so bring the sacred prophecies into discredit
 as often as their predictions fail.
 I should rephrase my fact, according to Isaac Newton, the world will end in 2060 or some
 time in between then and the end of the universe.
 Well, actually no.
 I think that one of the leading Newton scholars who's called Snowblan said, has worked out exactly
 what he meant by it and says he thought that the world was going to end sometime between
 2060 and 2344.
 Okay.
 So it's in that window.
 Okay.
 That's a good one.
 Apparently.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, I think it was just, it was sort of rough scribblings, wasn't it?
 It wasn't really ever meant to be published.
 You scribbled it on the back of an envelope, literally.
 Yeah.
 And it might have just been to put off, as Anne says, all of these skirmongers who kept
 on predicting the end of the world and he really got very annoyed about that, all these prophecies
 that were saying the world's going to end.
 So we thought the way to counter that is for me to prophesy when the world's going to
 end.
 Yes.
 But also need to put it way out of his own lifetime so no one can say you were wrong.
 Yeah.
 But so he was truly interesting character for outside of his work in science.
 Interestingly, his most famous work, which I find hard to say, Prince Appier, almost
 didn't get published.
 How come?
 Because a book just before it that was published was called "History of Fishes" or "Historia
 Paseum" and it bankrupted basically the whole of the world.
 What?
 Go back, go back.
 Open the book.
 To publish another book.
 It bankrupted the whole world.
 It's somehow the world pulled the cash together.
 Yeah, and they got the money together eventually and so it was published.
 So yeah.
 What do you actually mean by that?
 No, it's to do with the Royal Society.
 Yeah.
 And they had funding for publishing books and they thought this book on Fishes was going
 to be massive and it tanked no one put it in there.
 So it basically delayed the publication of Prince Appier, so they weren't able to do it.
 And then Edmund Halley stood in and he said that I think this book should be published
 and he even put in some of his own money and so it was eventually published in 1687.
 But there was a point where it wasn't going to be published because of the situation that
 they were in.
 That's really interesting.
 Yeah.
 The Royal Society book, which is, there was a bit of, well today it's generally accepted
 that both Newton and Leibniz came up with calculus independently.
 But there was a while when they were sort of, they were, they sat up basically the Royal Society
 in 1713 and set up a committee to decide, one's for all who'd done it, who, and they found
 that it was Newton.
 Cherry of the committee?
 Newton.
 Newton.
 Newton.
 I think it was me.
 You're fine.
 But he had a, like, he had a lot of professional rivalries, really better one with hook.
 Hook is what I remember. Hook's, Hook's main one and actually, Hook, he gets everywhere.
 Peter Penn, he pisses off.
 Newton.
 That's a bad guy.
 The crocodile.
 I think Hook might be the good, I know it's hard to say who's the good guy in this.
 I think they're both not very good guys actually.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 So he, yeah, he had this dispute with Hook and it was about when he came up with this
 theory of gravity and Hook said that actually Newton got part of this idea from me about
 how gravity decreases.
 The inverse square law.
 The inverse square law precisely.
 Don't explain that.
 We all know that.
 Damn.
 I don't want to patronize anyone.
 And yeah, Newton just wrote this letter saying he had absolutely nothing to do with it and
 I don't need to include him in my book.
 But there is a theory that, you know, the quote that Newton is most famous for saying,
 which is...
 Your mum is so fat that the fear of her.
 Your mum is so fat that the gravity decreases by the inverse of the squarehead of the distance
 as I move away from her.
 Was that it?
 Sorry guys.
 His most famous quote is, "If I have seen further, it is standing on the shoulders of giants."
 Oh, yeah.
 And he wrote that too, Robert Hook, in a letter where he was saying, you know, it's been a
 real help having you guys around.
 If I've seen further, it's by standing on the shoulders of giants.
 Some people believe actually this was just a jive hook because Hook had quite a serious
 back problem which caused him to have a really massive hunch.
 And so some people have now speculated you look like a steplutter.
 No?
 I don't get it.
 What's the jive?
 So he's thanking the giants for not hitting because he's too small.
 Oh, he's small.
 Yeah.
 You're not one of those giants.
 Yeah, it's nice that you're bending over so I can climb onto your shoulders.
 So I found a list.
 Have you guys read this list that he wrote when he was about 20 years old?
 Yes.
 I love it.
 It's incredible.
 It's such an insight.
 What are your favourite ones?
 My favourite is threatening my father and mother Smith to burn them in the house over them.
 Yeah.
 That's pretty vicious.
 The next one is wishing death and hoping it to some.
 Wow.
 Eating an apple at thy house.
 Probably the apple, but he was-
 Cosa ate it.
 Was that so you're not allowed to eat an apple in church?
 Well, I guess at the time.
 So you're focused on praying, not your belly.
 24.
 Punching my sister.
 25.
 Robing my mother's box of plums and sugar.
 Yeah.
 Oh, is that some kind of weird euphemism?
 No.
 Making jam.
 What?
 Making jam is a euphemism.
 So people have speculated about his relationship with his mother.
 It was very difficult and twisted.
 A lot of people have Freudianly decided that he has mother issues and that's why he remained
 a virgin.
 His whole life, which he did, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 I've never really had an attachment to women because they think and he hated his stepfather.
 He didn't like his sister much because he punched her.
 No, that was a sign of affection in the 17th century.
 Yeah.
 Playful punching.
 Okay, going on to the end of the world.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'm called 88 Reasons, The Rapture will be in 1988 by Edgar Weissant, which I really like.
 And on Amazon, there's some One-Star reviews.
 In fact, there's only two reviews and they're both One-Star reviews.
 And one of the reviews is, really, it's impossible to give this a positive review given that it
 exists entirely to preach that the Rapture will be happening in 1988, as I recall, The Rapture
 did not occur in 1982.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, this guy, Edgar Weissant, was quite famous at the time, but obviously, in 1989,
 they realised that he was wrong.
 But then his next book was called Rapture Report 1989.
 And then he also wrote another one called 23 Reasons.
 It looks like the end of the world will occur on Roch Hashanah, 1993.
 And another one called Earth Destruction by Fire, Nuclear Bomb Fire, Prediction for
 1994.
 Is it an annual?
 It is phenomenal.
 Had these people managed, if it doesn't, when it doesn't happen, to say, oh, yeah, we've just
 gotten the numbers wrong.
 And the next time there's always a big fuss again, there was a new story and people panic,
 oh, I really like this guy in New Hampshire, who set up a business called Eternal Earthbound
 Pets, which will look after the Pets.
 If you believe you're going to be raptured, you pay him to look after your pet, because
 the ones who stay behind can feed the cats.
 And he's told the Wall Street Journal that the people who pay him will be disappointed
 twice, once because they weren't raptured.
 And again, because I don't do refunds.
 But actually, he admitted that that was a hoax a bit later on.
 Oh, no.
 Well, it was because the State Insurance Department came after him and said, oh, you seem to be selling
 insurance, but you're not really registered to sell insurance, are you?
 He said he's had no clients, never issued a certificate, and he's not taken a single dollar
 in the three years of its existence.
 So the baby isn't going well, you sure?
 It is really interesting, though, that whole, when the rapture can't, when you've predicted
 the rapture comes, and it doesn't, what do you do after that?
 And I think that was one of the spurs for psychological analysis of cognitive dissonance, which
 is the thing where you adjust reality in your mind to suit what you've expected, because
 humans find it so hard to deal with facts that don't accord with what they thought was
 the truth.
 And so I think this is expanded in 1954, when Dorothy Martin said that she'd received
 news from the planet Clarion, that a bunch of aliens were going to come down on a flying
 saucer, and beam up everyone who, you know, collected in a certain area, and she gathered
 quite a few followers, and on Christmas Eve, they all went to this area to be beamed up
 by a flying saucer, and they sung some Christmas carols, and the flying saucer didn't come.
 And what she didn't realise was that her group had been infiltrated by this really famous
 psychologist called Festinger, who I think is the leading psychologist on cognitive dissonance,
 who was looking at how, how do you justify that?
 And they justified it by saying the aliens were so impressed at their sign of devotion that
 they decided not to destroy Earth after all.
 Oh, that is really an excuse.
 Went away again, yeah.
 And so I think on Twitter about a while ago, which I love, which is there was a dystopian
 features book convention, and someone overheard someone saying, excuse me, is this the cue
 for the apocalypse?
 One of the events?
 I just think it's so British.
 Yeah, yeah.
 The cue for the apocalypse.
 You know Newton used to give lectures to lecture theatres.
 Good to be.
 Actually, someone's done a study on kind of mentally what famous scientists are like, and that
 someone is Simon Baron Cohen, who's a really famous neuroscientist, and he's also Sasha
 Baron Cohen's cousin, but this is looking into how they display signs of autism, and it
 seems like Newton found it really hard to connect to other people, and he gave really
 boring lectures, he didn't care about lecturing, he just wanted to be alone in his attic studying,
 so people tended not to go, and if no one went, he'd just give the lecture anyway to an
 empty room.
 And that's it for this week's episode.
 You'll notice our abrupt ending there, that was because Alex Bell came in to tell us that
 the entire road that we work on had been evacuated, except for us, because we were busy making
 a podcast talking about the end of the world.
 So we had to leave the building immediately, also incidentally at the same time, Mount
 Antner erupted, so yeah, but that's it, that's our show, that's all of our facts, thank you
 so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things we've said over the course
 of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts, I'm on @Sriberland, and...
 @miller_an, James, @xshaped, Chazinski, you can email podcasts.qy.com, yep, or you can
 find us at nosuchthing as a fish.com where all of our previous episodes are up and ready
 to be listened to.
 We'll see you again next week, goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
