 - Hey everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Fish.
 Before we begin, we just wanna let you know
 that James is away this week, and so in his place,
 we've got a really good buddy of ours.
 It is Jamie Morton, the co-host of My Dad wrote a porno.
 I'm sure you're all aware of My Dad wrote a porno,
 one of the biggest British podcasts out there,
 and they've just launched their sixth series.
 There are a couple of episodes in, do check it out.
 It is incredibly funny, it is incredibly rude,
 and maybe even go back to the first series
 and work your way up there, because it's a long narrative
 and it is so worth the journey.
 They are obviously juggernauts,
 it's not just the podcast that they do.
 You can also find tickets
 to their upcoming live tours online.
 Why not check out their HBO special as well.
 They've even just released some tie-in beers.
 There's My Dad wrote a porno ale
 that you can get now online, so do find that as well.
 And you can actually see the whole team,
 Alice Levine and James Cooper and Jamie joining us online.
 If you go to YouTube for the comic relief special
 that we did a few months back, the full team is there
 and we had a great chat.
 And we had an amazing chat with Jamie on this episode.
 So I hope you enjoy, do check their new series out
 and on with the show.
 (lively music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisclosed locations in the UK.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 Anna Tyshinski, and it's our special guest,
 our good friend, co-host of My Dad wrote a porno,
 Jamie Morton.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that's you, Jamie.
 - My fact is in 2007, tennis legends Roger Federer
 and Raphael Nadal played a match on a court
 that was 50% grass and 50% clay.
 - Like a Frankencourt.
 - Exactly that.
 Basically they were both, and still kind of are,
 seen as the greatest on clay and grass,
 Rafa being the best on clay,
 Roger being the best on grass.
 And so they thought, why not combine the services
 and see who is the ultimate tennis player?
 This was the idea.
 - It's worth saying though, it's not a combination
 of grass and clay, like some new court that's been made.
 It's literally, and you can see photos
 or watch it online even, half of it is solid grass.
 And then if you cross the court, it's solid clay.
 It's the most bizarre looking.
 - It's so stupid. - It's wonderful.
 - Exactly, let me give you some kind of background to them.
 Nadal had kind of emerged as the first real rival
 to Roger Federer.
 Roger Federer was basically beating everybody,
 and then Raphael Nadal came along in 2005,
 started to beat him on a lot of services, but never on grass.
 So he had won 48 straight matches on grass,
 and he was undefeated on the surface for five years.
 Five years undefeated on grass, that's insane.
 At the same point, Nadal had won 72 straight matches on clay,
 and he was three years undefeated.
 So they really were coming at the peak of their powers
 on both surfaces.
 - Yeah, the match ended in a tie break as well.
 So it was meant to be a friendly, it was an exhibition match,
 but the guys took it very seriously,
 and Nadal took the first set, Federer the second,
 and then they went to a tie break in the third,
 and that's where Nadal took it.
 - It was very close, and also a lot of Federer fans
 were bitching about the fact
 that the grass wasn't proper grass.
 They had a bit of a worm infestation in the day before
 the match was supposed to take place.
 Yeah, and it kind of buggered up all the grass.
 They had to get some putting green grass put in overnight.
 And so it was kind of like a carpet of grass
 that wasn't really grass at all.
 So it wasn't really a fair test, guys, if you were at school.
 - Didn't Federer say it at the end?
 The court was great, especially the clay part of it.
 It's an insane to contemplate that this is 2007,
 and yeah, I agree, you know, you always think
 when Federer goes back into a Grand Slam,
 hopefully he'll win again.
 And I think he still won his last one in 2018.
 And yet, this, in May 2007, he was exactly halfway through
 the number of Grand Slams that he'd won.
 So he had won 10 of his 20 Grand Slams by that point,
 whereas Nadal was just starting out.
 - What's nice about them now is that
 they've both got 20 Grand Slams.
 It's almost like they should both retire now
 and just be equal forever.
 'Cause this whole kind of conversation,
 who's the greatest of all time,
 it will go on and on and on.
 I guess this was a kind of a gimmicky way
 to try and settle who was the best.
 - Yeah, and no one ever says,
 "Oh, actually, Nadal's officially the better player,"
 'cause he won that match on the half grass, half Play-Con 2007.
 - Also, it is insane how these guys stay
 at the top of their game.
 Do you remember there was that story
 of the guy who went in the coma,
 and when he went in the coma,
 Federer was number one in the world.
 He was in it for 11 years,
 and when he came out, Federer was still up there.
 I think he was number two.
 - Was that his first question when he came out?
 Is Federer still number one?
 They said, "Yes."
 And he said, "Thank God, it must have just been
 "a fortnight or something."
 - Well, he went into the coma in the first place
 because Federer accidentally knocked a ball into his head.
 So it was a reasonable question
 to ask how's Federer doing.
 - Just on weird tennis matches,
 do you know that Andy Roddick once played a game of tennis
 with a frying pan instead of a racket?
 - Wow, really?
 - And I learned about this in a book called,
 "Andy Roddick Beat Me with a Frying Pan,"
 which is actually an incredibly confusingly titled book
 because it's by a guy called Todd Gallagher,
 and it's a book about all these sports questions
 that you wish could be answered.
 Like, what would happen if the NBA raised the basket
 to 12 feet, or how good a pro golfer's at miniature golf?
 And one of them is, what would happen if you gave
 an amazing tennis player a frying pan to play with?
 Could I still beat him?
 And the outcome is that the author beats Andy Roddick.
 And I've never met a book where the title
 is just a direct lie once you read the actual contest.
 (laughing)
 He says, the match like Roddick played really, really well,
 but with a frying pan, it's quite difficult.
 You can't put any spin on the ball.
 You can't hit backhands, apparently,
 which I would have thought you could just spin it around
 in your hand, but you can't hit backhands.
 - Quite heavy.
 - He could maneuver it around, but anyway, he struggled,
 but he did give an interview afterwards saying,
 he thought that if he got to practice a little bit,
 he'd get used to it.
 And indeed, for charity, he later that year, I think,
 played another guy called Chris Wetzel,
 who won this charity event, and he played him
 with a frying pan, and he did then win.
 He actually thrashed him.
 And so--
 - Andy Roddick, the title Andy Roddick beat Chris Wetzel
 with a frying pan is less intriguing
 than Andy Roddick beat me with a frying pan.
 - That's a problem, yeah, but he didn't want
 to credit Chris Wetzel with writing the book
 that he'd written, so he's in a difficult place.
 - Yeah, and he could have called it,
 I beat Andy Roddick with a frying pan,
 but it sounds, it sounds more menacing and fiery.
 (laughs)
 - And it's a dangling modifier, isn't it?
 It's very misleading.
 It does imply that he's got the frying pan.
 - Another amazingly weird match that occurred
 is the longest match in women's singles,
 which lasted over six hours long,
 but that's not the interesting bit about it.
 Within that match was the longest single rally
 of tennis ever to occur.
 So this was September 24th, 1984,
 and this was the longest in terms of a pro match,
 longest rally, how many shots do you think
 this rally went for?
 - Shots, what?
 - 160.
 - Yeah, 110.
 - Pretty good, pretty good.
 - I'm gonna say a hundred.
 - It lasted 29 minutes and it went for 643 shots.
 - Oh my God.
 Serena Williams has won matches in shorter time than that.
 - Yeah, it was between Vicki Nelson Dunbar
 and Jean Hepner, and it was a set point for Hepner,
 and it was in a tie break at the end of the match,
 and it went 29 minutes long,
 and Vicki Nelson managed to take it on the 643rd shot.
 - Oh my God.
 - Jean of the match.
 - Oh, she would never have recovered for Jean.
 - Oh, it was horrible.
 Vicki Nelson immediately collapsed with cramps in her legs.
 She was in so much pain.
 And the umpire, the umpire,
 gave her a time violation warning.
 - No.
 - Because she was taking too long
 to get back up for the next shot.
 Yeah.
 - They're so strict to those umpires.
 It's just so unfair.
 - Yeah.
 - So unfair.
 - That's insane that you could start watching
 an episode of EastEnders at the start of that rally
 and come out of that episode and be like,
 "So what's happening in the match?"
 It's like, "Well, it's the same rally."
 - You could be in an extremely short coma
 and come out of the coma and say, "Who won that set?"
 We don't know.
 - Are you okay, Andy?
 - There's a lot of comas today.
 Are you all right?
 (all laughing)
 Second coma of the day.
 - Sorry.
 Andy Roddick beat me with a frying pan.
 (all laughing)
 Unfortunately.
 - I do love the story of a really early tennis player
 called Suzanne Longlin.
 Have you heard of this woman?
 - No.
 - She was basically the most famous woman in the world
 in the 1920s when tennis was quite the sport
 and everyone loved it.
 And she was amazing.
 She was the first number one female tennis player ever.
 She won six women and titles,
 including five in a row.
 And from the First World War to her retirement in 1923,
 she never lost a match,
 except once when she retired.
 She didn't lose it.
 She just retired from the match.
 But my favorite thing about her is that in between points,
 she would sit and drink wine and cognac.
 Because she felt that that was the only way
 she could play properly.
 - Wow.
 - In between points, not in between--
 - Well, changeovers, I guess.
 Games.
 - Okay, all right.
 - That's 'cause you do get points docked
 for interrupting a point in order to have a drink.
 I think that's pushing it.
 - A cramp, you're not allowed,
 but a drink of cognac is actually fine.
 And she was so powerful
 in terms of getting people to come and see her
 that when she wanted to go and play in America,
 the USTA conspired to circumnavigate
 the prohibition laws
 that would mean that she could actually drink in America.
 - Oh, really?
 - So that she could take part in the tournament
 'cause she wouldn't play without drinking.
 - Wow.
 - That's amazing.
 - The most watched tennis game of all time
 was The Battle of the Sexes.
 The very famous match.
 And so this was obviously the tennis game
 that's played between Polygyne King and Bobby Riggs
 to definitively decide whether a woman
 could be a man at tennis, quite bizarre concept.
 But I had not realized how many people watched it.
 90 million people tuned in to watch it.
 - Wow.
 - Wow.
 - And Bobby Riggs said,
 "It was the most disappointing,
 "disheartening experience of my life losing."
 But she's kind of sad for him.
 He was, and it wasn't even a victory for King
 because she was 29 and he was 55.
 So it's quite hard to lord that over him.
 She actually said to be a 55-year-old guy
 was no thrill for me at all.
 The thrill was exposing a lot of new people to tennis.
 - Okay.
 - But yeah, everyone in straight sets.
 - She said that it was never about the athleticism
 and she would say that
 'cause obviously quite the advantage.
 She said it was about respect is what she said.
 She wanted to prove that women could compete against men.
 - Yeah.
 - And she did that.
 I mean, it was amazing.
 - So speaking of greatest players of all time,
 Anna recommended a book to me recently,
 which I've ordered and I've just been reading reviews of it,
 which is Andre Agassiz autobiography,
 which is said to be one of the greatest
 sort of tell-alls of recent years.
 In the 90s, when he had his awesome long hair
 that was coming down from his bandana,
 turns out that was a wig.
 The whole time he was wearing a wig on the court.
 I had no idea.
 I mean, he was a hero in my day.
 - But does it say why?
 'Cause that must have been so annoying to play with a big,
 'cause it was a big wig.
 It was like a mullet wig.
 'Cause a lot of hair at the back of your hair.
 - A huge amount of hair at the back.
 He was going bald and he didn't wanna go bald
 and he just thought he was less rock and roll
 and his hair was falling out in the shower
 and so on and he thought it's gonna look disgusting
 when it's in the grass and on the clay.
 - I mean, sure, but like, why a mullet?
 Why so much, right?
 He's over-competiting with like...
 - He went all the way down his back.
 - Look, he was an angry man.
 There's no explaining his actions in those days.
 Well, there is explaining it.
 He was trained, almost tortured with the aim
 of making him a great tennis player, which he was.
 But it's a brilliant book.
 It's kind of a sad book.
 He had so many issues back then.
 So the bit of it that I remember
 is that he was married to Brooke Shields for a while
 and there was this scene in Friends,
 which people probably remember,
 where Joey Tribbiani has a stalker.
 So when he's on Days of Our Lives, he has a stalker
 who thinks that he's the real Dr. Drake Ramore
 and that stalker is played by Brooke Shields
 and she's a crazy, creepy stalker
 and she licks his hands at one point
 in this really crazy, creepy way.
 And when Andre Agassi saw that scene,
 he was so overwhelmed with hatred and jealousy
 that he drove home and he smashed all of his tennis trophies.
 So all the tennis trophies he's won up until that point
 were completely destroyed.
 So he smashed them to pieces.
 -What? -Wow.
 -He was an angry man. -And then she filed for divorce.
 -Very quickly after that. -He lived happily ever after.
 He's now made a steppy graph.
 Like two of the greatest tennis players ever.
 They're like two of the only people
 that have ever done the Golden Slam,
 which is winning all four Grand Slams
 and the Olympic Gold Medal, and they're married.
 -Strong. -Isn't that insane?
 And both very fucked up by tennis.
 I think that's what drew them together.
 -It's a bond. -They kind of both hated tennis.
 Yeah, exactly. That's a really good point.
 Because they were both children of obsessed fathers
 with the game, right?
 And apparently the two dads, when they met,
 almost came to blows while arguing
 over who had the superior backhand technique.
 -Did we? -It must have been a really fun wedding.
 Hey, someone else who had a fun record
 was the only person ever to win the men's doubles,
 the mixed doubles, and the men's singles at Wimbledon.
 And that was Bobby Riggs.
 And the fun thing about this,
 so this guy who then lost to Billy Jean King,
 the fun thing about this was that this was in 1939,
 but he was mostly known after that
 for being an inveterate gambler and a real rogue.
 And we should say that he became friends with Billy Jean King,
 so the whole misogynist thing was an act,
 and they became very good friends afterwards,
 and she spoke to him the day before he died.
 So he was a rogue, so he was obsessed with gambling.
 He put a bet on himself in 1939
 to win the men's doubles, the mixed doubles,
 and the men's singles.
 And this had never been done, never been done since.
 And so he won $108,000,
 so the equivalent of $1.5 million at the time.
 -Yeah. -Wow.
 And he only put... I think he put $500 on.
 -Well done, Bobby. -Good on him.
 Well, Billy Jean King said that he was always one of her heroes
 because he won that triple crown, I guess,
 and it was a great tennis player.
 And she said that she thought it was the fact
 that his career had been overshadowed
 by the Second World War that made him so bitter.
 -Oh, really? -No one really remembered him.
 And his achievements, 'cause that's a pretty major thing.
 No one's done it since, and no one really gave him credit for it.
 It was bigger news then, and it's bigger news now.
 Yeah, you can't imagine much sympathy
 with the war veterans around the table.
 Oh, God, my life is ruined by World War II as well.
 Tell me about it.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that when Britain invaded Iceland in 1940,
 they knocked on all the doors before breaking them down
 and officially apologized for the inconvenience.
 Chills. So proud.
 So proud of my nation.
 They have flasks of tea as well.
 Yeah, yeah, exactly.
 This was the British invasion of Iceland in 1940,
 which I didn't know happened.
 And so don't worry, it wasn't too big a deal.
 And it was almost not an invasion.
 It was basically an invasion
 because the Brits didn't tell Iceland about it.
 So it was in May 1940, and it's called Operation Fork.
 And basically, the Germans had their eyes on Iceland.
 They'd just taken charge of Norway and Denmark.
 And Iceland seemed like the obvious next step.
 So the Brits thought, let's get there in advance of the Germans.
 And they thought, if we ask the Icelandics if we can go in,
 then they might say no, 'cause Iceland was very determinedly neutral.
 They were really like, we're not getting involved
 with this whole war business, not a jam.
 And so we thought they'll probably say no.
 So let's just storm them, let's just invade.
 So Britain invaded, but they invaded very politely.
 So the British commander was a guy called Sturgis,
 and he issued fliers immediately after getting there,
 apologizing sincerely for the inconvenience
 and saying, look, we're just saving you from the Germans.
 Really, really sorry about this invasion.
 And they took over communications,
 like any good invasion does, you know,
 they seize radio communications and stuff like that.
 But before breaking all the doors down to those buildings,
 they did knock on the doors.
 And then once they've broken them down,
 they showered the janitor with apologies, apparently,
 in the big radio building that they invaded.
 - They didn't speak Icelandic,
 so they would have been apologizing, I think,
 in another language.
 They may have had a translator with them,
 but they really--
 - It was the worst planned.
 It's unbelievably shoddy reading this incredible account of it.
 So they planned to invade in secret,
 so they were sending a couple of detachments of troops,
 several hundred troops.
 I think about 700, maybe, was the invasion force.
 And they thought they were departing from Scotland.
 Greenock was the station they were getting to,
 and they thought, let's be inconspicuous,
 let's send the troops so they arrive staggered in Greenock,
 so it's not clear whether they're sending huge arms like us.
 Exactly, really clever.
 Unfortunately, due to delays on the line,
 all the soldiers arrived in Greenock
 at exactly the same time.
 It was manifestly obvious they were planning something big.
 So--
 - That's even more British
 than the more apologizing, to be fair.
 - Yes, the trains didn't work well.
 - Yeah, nothing wrong on time.
 - Andy, didn't they also--
 The idea was let's invade by night,
 but in May, in that bit of the year,
 Iceland is basically bathed in light.
 Even though it wasn't completely light,
 it was light enough that people saw it coming,
 crowds formed because it was a public holiday
 and a payday for all of the fishermen.
 So they were drinking late into the night out on the docks,
 looking out, going, oh, what are those massive ships coming?
 - Imagine how fun that is, 'cause you're on a night out,
 you're thinking, what are we gonna do now?
 The pubs have shut, a bit boring, do we go home?
 And then round the corner, invading Naval Force, dreamy.
 - Amazing.
 - I mean, that's gonna extend your night.
 - And they wouldn't have known if it was a German invasion,
 a British invasion.
 Think of that kind of the buildup of that.
 What ship is it?
 Can we see it yet?
 - Yeah, what do you guess?
 - There was jeopardy at the time over that,
 because as you say, there were shapes of ships,
 ship shapes, if you like, in the water.
 And I think they sent out a late night policeman
 on his bicycle to try and assess the situation a bit better,
 but he came back and said, I can't see what kind they are.
 - Where did he ride to?
 How is he getting further than anyone else at the dock?
 - Maybe they sent a policeman with the best eyesight,
 I'm not sure.
 But the invasion force had already
 massively given themselves away,
 because one of the ships traveling
 had a little seaplane attached to it,
 which was a model of plane called a super marine walrus,
 which is a great name for a plane.
 Really good.
 You know, you want an amphibious plane,
 super marine walrus, brilliant.
 Anyway, they sent up the pilot saying,
 look, we're looking for German submarines in the area,
 which could be a huge threat.
 We've got hundreds of troops on these ships.
 So look for subs in the area, be careful,
 don't fly directly over Reykjavík,
 the main city in Iceland,
 which the plane immediately then did several times,
 waking up everyone in Reykjavík.
 - I mean--
 - This is such a balls up, I love it.
 - It's truly heinous, it's brilliant.
 The soldiers hadn't fired their guns,
 lots of them had never fired the rifles
 they'd just been issued with.
 - Really? - Yeah.
 - They didn't need to, to be fair.
 They brought some loaded rifles,
 but it was very much a case of the ship docking,
 and in fact, I think the British ambassador
 who was the only person in Iceland
 who knew that what was gonna happen,
 the British ambassador sort of saying to the crowd,
 do you mind standing back a bit
 so these invading soldiers can climb off their ships
 and invade you, and everyone's like,
 yeah, yeah, of course, so sorry,
 so sorry to have gone the way.
 (laughing)
 - One of the Icelanders snatched a rifle from a marine
 and just stuffed a cigarette in it,
 and then threw it back to him,
 telling him to be more careful.
 - Really?
 - And then the marine got towed off
 by his commanding officer.
 - That looked really good.
 - Oh, you probably would have been told off
 for having a random dude manage to snatch your rifle off you,
 like that's pretty bad soldiering.
 - We should say, I think everything we're saying
 is from this fantastic article,
 so I think we should cite it.
 It's this article in Hakai Magazine,
 and it's sort of my new favorite site,
 I've been reading it for about six months now,
 and it's ostensibly a site about fishing, really,
 but the article's just amazing on it.
 I'm addicted to it, so it's a great magazine
 if you wanna read it.
 - And this article is amazing.
 Highly recommend checking it out.
 I mean, it opens with this amazing thing
 that some of the earliest colored footage
 that we have of Iceland was taken
 from the camera of Eva Braun, Hitler's girlfriend.
 She was the one who had trained it on Iceland,
 and she caught these little children on camera,
 and it's just mad that that's some of the earliest footage
 that we have is filmed by Hitler's crew.
 - Just on a cruise holiday, right?
 - On a cruise holiday, on a Nazi cruise holiday, right?
 Like, this was part of a Nazi incentive.
 - If the politics thing doesn't work,
 maybe the whole cruise ship thing might take off.
 - And I didn't realize that she was,
 as is mentioned again in this article,
 that she was hidden as a girlfriend to the German public
 because much like the Beatles or other pop bands,
 the idea that Hitler being in a relationship
 would have put women off joining the party,
 but Hitler as a bachelor was, you know, like,
 "Ah, Hitler!"
 It was a bigger--
 - Oh yeah, 'cause Hitler was such a stud.
 - Well, he was in his mid-40s at this point.
 Surely at some point, the K-pop, not in a relationship,
 fiction has to wear out.
 There must be a recruitment ceiling
 where beyond which you're thinking,
 "Young women are not getting into the party
 "because they think Hitler might fancy them."
 Interesting counter-historical narrative.
 If Hitler had openly got a girlfriend,
 would he have been forced to leave
 like the K-pop stars who get boyfriends or girlfriends?
 Instead, we'd be talking about some guy
 who ran a cruise ship company.
 - God, yeah, I can imagine Goebbels
 actually knocking on the door saying,
 "May, I'm so sorry."
 Sort of the dominant comments with time.
 - Yeah, I can't start with him.
 - So this invasion was about Norway and Denmark,
 so they'd been taken over by the Nazis.
 So, Eisen was under Danish control at the time,
 although it sort of seceded for the war
 and Norway was right there.
 And so the reason that the Brits invaded
 was because Germany was getting dangerously close to Iceland.
 But in Norway, it was illegal under Nazi occupation
 to do various things.
 It was illegal to wear a paperclip as a brooch.
 And that was because students used to wear them
 as a sign of resistance against the Nazis
 to show that they were bound together.
 And there was another thing people used to do
 which became a thing in Norway,
 which was giving wrong street directions.
 So Nazi soldiers arrived in Norway
 and didn't know where anything was
 and so would ask for directions to places.
 And the thing became to point them
 in the opposite direction to where they wanted to go.
 And also, illegal to stand on a bus
 if a seat was available, why?
 - Wait, did people refuse to sit next to German soldiers?
 - It's absolutely correct, yeah, yeah.
 - That's pretty petty making a law saying
 you have to sit next to our soldiers
 in case their feelings are hurt, I presume.
 - It's pretty sad.
 - Maybe they're soldiers who are in relationships.
 No one wants to be near them, that's pretty good.
 - The Norwegian invasion,
 I don't know if we've said this before,
 is where the word "quisling" comes from to mean a traitor
 because their leader who collaborated with the Nazis
 was called Vidkun Quisling.
 So it's one of those cool examples
 of where an individual, a named individual
 becomes a word to mean characteristic.
 - Do you think you'd be pleased or excited or nervous
 if someone said to you, after you die,
 there's going to be a noun that's named after you?
 And that's all I'm telling you.
 'Cause it's, you know, you think,
 oh God, there's gonna be a noun quisling.
 That's so exciting, what's it gonna mean?
 Is it gonna be a really brave person?
 Is it gonna be a really beautiful object?
 - What would a Tyshensky be?
 - It would be like the perfect pub.
 - I think it would be a unit of alcohol,
 but like an unrealistically large.
 (all laughing)
 - One Tyshensky and you're on the floor.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number three,
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that 32 years
 after he defeated Alexander Hamilton in a duel,
 the last thing to happen to Aaron Burr on the day he died
 was that he was defeated in a court case
 by Alexander Hamilton Jr.
 - So incredible.
 - Amazing.
 - Yeah.
 - How so, Dan?
 How so?
 - Obviously we know Hamilton, the musical,
 based on Alexander Hamilton,
 one of the founding fathers of America,
 and the fact that he was murdered by Aaron Burr,
 who was the third vice president of the United States,
 and that happened in 1804.
 They had a duel and it resulted in Hamilton's death.
 So it was horrible.
 He died and it really had horrible ramifications
 for the rest of Burr's life
 that followed him all the way to his death.
 So in 1833, at the age of 77,
 Burr got remarried having lost his wife
 a number of years before
 to a lady called Eliza Jumel,
 who was a very wealthy widow herself.
 She was 19 years younger than he was,
 and he thought, okay, this is great.
 This is a second chance to have a huge bit of wealth
 in my life.
 And so he kind of took control of her wealth
 and squandered it.
 He invested it in very odd projects,
 and she cottoned on to this and went,
 "Hang on a second, you're bleeding me of all my money."
 So she decided to get a divorce.
 When she decided to get a divorce,
 the divorce lawyer that she hired
 was the son of Alexander Hamilton, Alexander Hamilton Jr.,
 who was an incredibly successful guy.
 This case was way below him.
 He'd passed doing this kind of menial stuff
 years and years ago,
 but he said, "Absolutely, I'll take it on."
 And he used the court case as an excuse
 to really showcase what a terrible person
 he thought Aaron Burr was.
 He talked about all his affairs and so on.
 And the court case took three years,
 and it was finally settled in the favor of Eliza Jumel.
 On the very day that Aaron Burr died just a few hours
 before he passed away,
 a final little defeat from the Hamilton.
 So he didn't hear about it before he died.
 - We don't know.
 I don't actually know that.
 Yeah, I'm not sure.
 I hope he--
 - Dan, why don't you know that?
 (laughing)
 - Come on, mate, do your research.
 Go back in time.
 - Get the facts right, come on.
 - Thank you for saying it, Jamie.
 We've all been thinking it for years.
 - That's what I'm here for.
 - So this is another,
 'cause one of the famous things in the musical
 is that Alexander Hamilton had a son
 who died in a duel.
 - Yeah, yes, correct, that was his eldest son.
 Yeah, Philip, Philip Hamilton died
 in the duel, and he was defending the honor
 of his dad, Alexander Hamilton.
 Someone was like bad-mouthing his dad,
 and so he was like, "I'm not having that.
 "See you on the dueling field, sir."
 And then he, yeah, died.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, then they did the thing
 that they used to do in the olden days,
 which I always find a bit creepy
 of calling their next son, Philip, as well,
 which always feels like a bit of a burden to carry.
 In fact, they called him Philip II.
 - Oh, wow.
 The son, their next son, born after Philip,
 the elder son had died.
 - Yeah, yeah, the next year, I think.
 - So he started with Philip,
 then he named a later son, Alexander Jr.,
 which feels like the first name you go to.
 - Yeah. - That's true.
 And then later on went to another vet.
 This is too mixed up for me.
 - I have a quick pitch, a musical pitch here,
 and we should say, Jamie, you actually are friends
 with the creator of the Hamilton musical,
 Lin-Manuel Miranda.
 He's been on my dad wrote a porno, right?
 And you've hung out with him.
 - Best friend, Cleveland. - So you could probably get
 this idea to him on my behalf.
 - Okay.
 - Sequel to the musical Hamilton, Hamilton Jr., okay?
 That's the sequel, because the story
 of Alexander Hamilton Jr. is extraordinary.
 He was obviously from a family destroyed
 by two deaths as a result of gun-jeweling.
 His sister, sadly, lost her mind
 off the back of her father, dying.
 He was sort of grew up in a broken household,
 but he rose above it all
 and became this extraordinary character.
 So he was someone who eventually went on
 to become a colonel fighting against Napoleon.
 He sailed to Spain in 1811,
 and he was fighting with the first Duke of Wellington.
 He came back to America.
 He became a lawyer.
 He was a big part of Wall Street
 when he became a real estate agent
 and built that up as well.
 And it's full of little cameos.
 It's a great story where when he was just traveling
 in the West, he met Abraham Lincoln,
 who was at that point a state legislator,
 nowhere near being coming president.
 He met him in a grocery store,
 where he said Lincoln was lying on the counter
 in the midday telling stories.
 Just laying there, just given a yarn of what was going on.
 - Wow, was there a cue?
 I mean, that's very annoying if you're third of the UK.
 You're trying to buy a broccoli.
 Some lunatic sprawled out on the counter.
 - Honest Dave, shut up.
 - Dan, would you call it Hamilton?
 As in, I'm just trying to work out what it would be called.
 Like, is it Hamilton with two L's in the middle,
 Hamill or Tom? - Oh yeah.
 - Or is it Hamill two on, which is where?
 - Yes, you've put the two in place of the T at the end, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Hamilton. - That's better, that's better.
 - Hamilton.
 - Nice.
 - Their descendants, Hamilton's and Burst descendants,
 are now friends with each other.
 They know each other.
 I think they live in New York,
 or they certainly did a while ago.
 They met Alexandra Hamilton Woods and Antonio Burr.
 They met at a party in 2007,
 and they worked out that they had a familial connection.
 And they would go kayaking together.
 - Yeah, they're part of this.
 So they're both psychoanalysts,
 and they met at a big psychoanalyst party,
 and they were introduced, and because of the surnames,
 they were like, "Any chance,
 "Alexandra Hamilton, that you are related?"
 And it turned out she was.
 And he said that he's part of this kayaking club,
 which kayaks on the Hudson,
 which is the river that Hamilton and Burr had to cross
 in order to get to their dueling spot.
 So they actually do kayak very near to the spot
 where the duel happened together.
 And they're both--
 - God, that must be tense, surely.
 - Yeah, surely.
 - One of them just starts reaching into the bottom
 of the kayak and pulling out a pistol.
 Remember this?
 They do have to get into arguments
 with each other sometimes in debate,
 because they're both part of the Inwood Canoe Club,
 you know, the high board.
 So he's one of them's a treasurer,
 and Burr is the president emeritus.
 So--
 - But finally became president.
 That's nice.
 - It's not quite the high stakes battles of yore, is it?
 - No.
 - Canoe club.
 - One thing I do love about Aaron Burr,
 and because you've got me on the show,
 I feel this is fitting for me to bring up,
 but in 1861, a piece of erotica was published,
 all about Aaron Burr.
 - Really?
 - Really, this is true.
 It was called The Amorous Intrigues
 and Adventures of Aaron Burr.
 And 'cause he had quite a reputation
 for being a womanizer,
 I think you mentioned earlier, Dan,
 and a lot of his enemies, including Hamilton,
 who was also a bit of a womanizer himself,
 would often kind of use that as a reason to attack him.
 And so some anonymous person,
 could it have been Alexander Hamilton II or whoever,
 wrote this sexy book all about Aaron Burr.
 - Have you read it?
 - I tried to find some so that I could read it out,
 Al and my dad wrote a porno,
 but I just couldn't find it anywhere.
 - Good news, I found out about this book as well,
 and I did find an extract,
 so I'm gonna put it in the chat here.
 - Okay.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 - The warm-hearted girl sighed heavily.
 There was a choking sensation in her throat,
 and her large, dark eyes were rolled up in her head
 with such a softness in their expression
 that Burr must have been more or less than man.
 God, this is worse than my dad's.
 Not to have desired a more intimate acquaintance with her.
 Burr threw up.
 Oh, sorry, Burr threw up her clothes.
 (laughing)
 - It's very niche kind of porno, I've got to hear.
 - Burr threw up, different line, guys.
 Burr threw up her clothes and revealed such charms
 as seldom have been exposed to the light of the sun.
 Oh, that's beautiful.
 The smooth, round belly,
 the voluminous yet compact thighs,
 the robust calf and small foot and ankle,
 the satin smoothness of the skin
 and other graces not to be mentioned.
 Well, it's erotica, mate, mention them.
 That's what we're here for.
 (laughing)
 But who's pouting--
 - I'm trying to curse you now.
 - But who's pouting and most freshness
 betokened a guarded virginity,
 which, however, longed for the pressure of manhood.
 All these so fired him with passion
 that he had scarcely the necessary patience
 to prepare himself for the amorous encounter.
 Burr.
 - It's hot.
 - It's hot. - That is hot.
 - A red worse.
 - I don't know if I would be happy
 that this is how he's gonna be remembered
 'cause I'm finding it impossible to divorce the real Aaron Burr
 from that fictional account now.
 (laughing)
 Do you guys know the woman who,
 he was divorcing, who Burr was divorcing
 in this original fact, Eliza Jumel?
 So she was kind of interesting.
 She was very much gossiped about,
 I bet there's some fan porn fiction about her
 around and about.
 And she was--
 - Oh, I'm sure she's in the book.
 - She must be in the book, actually, right.
 She was very poor and she married up above her station,
 this very rich man called Stephen, Stephen Jumel.
 And then he died, apparently, according to reports,
 falling off a hay cart and onto a pitchfork,
 which sounds almost completely implausible.
 (laughing)
 - That's someone who's stabbed him with a pitchfork,
 hastily positioning him so he looks
 like he fell off the hay cart.
 Come on.
 - Just put the pitchfork facing up
 with his body at the top, oh, that was suspect.
 Well, perhaps unsurprisingly, the rumor spread
 that she killed him and then let him bleed out,
 so all these rumors about her.
 And she, so she then divorced Burr,
 but the other thing about her is,
 and this is why I think Burr's quite exciting,
 'cause he's been responsible for two
 of the greatest pieces of entertainment
 of the last 10 years.
 'Cause after divorcing Burr and Burr dying,
 she employed in New York a housekeeper called Ann Northup.
 And Ann Northup is the wife of Solomon,
 Solomon Northup, who was the person in 12 Years of the Slaves
 who was abducted and sold into slavery,
 and that was Solomon Northup.
 So while her husband was missing,
 Ann Northup was working for Eliza Dhumel.
 So how cool is that?
 They were sort of a duo together for a while, a double act.
 - That's amazing.
 - And then she lived in the oldest mansion in New York,
 which is now a hotbed for ghost hunters, Dan,
 if you're ever there.
 - Yeah, well, actually, I read a book by Hans Holzer,
 who is the person who Ghostbusters is based on.
 And he says that when Hamilton was shot,
 he went back to a house in New York
 and supposedly the house that he died in,
 the ghost of Hamilton still haunts,
 and Hans Holzer went to investigate that.
 And if you go to this house in New York these days,
 what you need to listen out for is the toilet flushing,
 because apparently Hamilton is obsessed with toilets,
 because it's a technology he didn't know in his days.
 This is the thing they say about ghosts generally.
 Ghosts are obsessed-- - What?
 - Ghosts apparently are obsessed with toilets
 and flushing them.
 So if you hear a rogue toilet flush in that house,
 it could be Hamilton.
 - It's not Hamilton, but it could be, I suppose,
 if we're gonna stretch.
 - According to Hans Holzer is what I'm saying.
 - Yeah, sure, sure.
 - It's a big caveat.
 So you're saying ghost today,
 they come to the future and they've got the internet,
 they've got aeroplanes, they've got space travel,
 they've got microwaves, they've got cars and trains.
 And you're saying the flush of a toilet,
 that's what astonishes them,
 which I believe the flushing toilet,
 some sort of flushing toilet was invented
 in the Zebethan times, wasn't it?
 Is that the only thing that can impress them?
 - I don't know why you say I'm claiming this.
 All I mean is passing on Hans Holzer,
 legendary ghost hunters knowledge.
 But we're blaming the messenger here again.
 - And also, ghosts can't hold things or touch it.
 How could they operate a toilet?
 It makes no sense.
 - Oh, no, I mean, they can, they can smash mirrors
 and they can--
 - They're poltergeist.
 - Poltergeist, no, you're very confused there.
 - I don't believe I've been well-behaved poltergeist
 to an only-interested sanitation.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show
 and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that the police in Paris
 have an elite unit of cops who are armed,
 but also on roller blades.
 - Ah, yes they are.
 - Yeah.
 - Actually, when you said this fact,
 I wanna know what you mean by elite,
 'cause that sounds like something they tell the cops
 to reassure them they don't have like complete twerks
 on roller blades.
 - Yeah, that's so fair.
 I think maybe I mean niche unit of cops.
 (laughing)
 - The ones that are useless to anything else, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - So, are they real cops, right?
 - They're not cops.
 - They're not token.
 - No, they have guns and truncheons
 and they, I mean, there aren't very many of them,
 you know, compared with the overall Parisian police force,
 but they are--
 - Well, they're elite, yeah.
 - They are real, yeah.
 They have been going for about 20 years.
 There are just eight members of this unit.
 I know, it's extremely elite, yeah.
 It's very hard to recruit into, obviously,
 'cause you need someone who's unbelievably good
 at rollerblading, but they do have advantages
 in urban police work.
 They can go about 30 kilometers an hour normally,
 'cause they're quite heavily weighed down,
 but if they really get a move on,
 they can get up to about 50 kilometers an hour,
 they claim, which is a lot faster than someone can run.
 - Yeah, although as soon as that someone runs over cobblestones,
 they're in serious trouble.
 - Yeah, they're stuffed, they can't,
 they really hate cobblestones.
 (laughing)
 - A similar scheme was piloted in London in 2000.
 The Royal Parks Constabulary attempted to use them
 in Kensington Gardens, but it was abandoned
 because the minute someone ran on grass,
 they were screwed, 'cause equally, like cobblestones,
 rollerblading, not so great on grass.
 - I can't believe they put them in the Royal Parks though,
 which are mostly the grass.
 - It's very much in the name.
 - It's a predominantly grass environment.
 - Should we go for the parks in the gardens for this?
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Well, what about the beaches?
 Let's do the beaches.
 - If they just put some clay in there as well,
 it would have been perfect.
 It is a ridiculous idea because it's only useful
 if you have to give chase against someone
 and immediately get them.
 Any other situation of policing,
 coming in with rollerblades is just ridiculous.
 And these guys in Paris,
 they are used for different situations.
 They're sometimes asked to go and police other bits
 outside of just the main street.
 So sometimes they have to go and stop, you know,
 fighting that's going on in a building.
 And in the thing I read that like,
 sometimes we have to go up to the fifth floor.
 There's no elevator.
 We're there in our rollerblades, going up the stairs,
 and then we're arriving at the scene on rollerblades,
 which no one can take seriously.
 - Hang on, do you think surely if you're on the fifth floor,
 it depends how many floors it is, but if it's five,
 I'm definitely taking off my rollerblades,
 running up the stairs, then putting them back on
 at the top, aren't you?
 - There's probably a guideline about how many floors
 it's acceptable to take off your blades for.
 - You're so right, yeah.
 Rollerblading is very much something
 that shoots up and down in popularity
 in one year, it'll be super popular.
 But I remember going on French holidays with my friend
 when we were kids.
 And we used to rollerblade a lot then,
 but I haven't seen much of it since.
 And it's basically since the mid 19th century, isn't it?
 Since it first took off, which was 1863,
 and this is when a guy called James Leonard Plimpton
 invented roller skates that actually worked.
 So before that, you couldn't really go around corners.
 And he finally invented wheels that were kind of attached
 to a cushioned springy platform,
 and also two rows of wheels rather than one.
 So skates, not blades.
 And it took off overnight, and it became this mad craze
 to the extent that in 1885, in Scientific American,
 there was an article that was roller skating,
 The Medical View, which was analyzing why it was
 that America got so obsessed with certain things.
 And it started, it was such a good article,
 and it rang so true for today.
 It started, "We hear of no other country
 so violently perturbed by waves of temperance crusading,
 religious revivals, velocity crazes, pedestrianism."
 No one walked, apparently before that.
 And now, roller skating, which exceeds all the others,
 and it was an analysis of how it had managed
 to become such a mad craze,
 and whether it was medically harmful.
 And I concluded, no.
 - Oh, it's safe.
 It's safe, guys, thank God.
 - Oh, thank God.
 - It's safe, yeah, Andy, you can keep them on.
 - Thank you.
 - We should say, by the way, we keep saying roller blades,
 and the reality, which I only just found out
 through researching this, is that it's a brand name.
 It's not the sport itself.
 It's a trademark name.
 It's a single manufacturer that make roller blades,
 and the rest of it is called inline skating.
 - Inline skating, that's the generic term.
 - So, that's what we should be saying.
 - Okay, nice.
 - Yeah, we should redo this fact,
 because we don't know they're wearing roller blades.
 - No, you're right.
 Oh, God.
 - That's some budget police version.
 - The guy who created the first popular inline skates
 was a guy called Scott Olson.
 He was a hockey player, and he made them in 1979.
 They had been patented before,
 and in fact, he was beaten by 20 years
 by this lady from Palm Beach called Emma DeSaro,
 who got a patent on inline skates.
 She had the idea, and then the patent expired,
 and she never made a penny out of it.
 She was-- - No!
 - They interviewed her years after
 rollerblading had become a huge thing,
 and she said, "Well, I'm obviously glad
 "everyone's rollerblading, but I did have the idea
 "of painting."
 It's really a sad thing, yeah.
 - Bless her.
 - I know.
 - You haven't invented anything else?
 - No.
 No, not as far as I know.
 They weren't interviewing her, saying,
 "We're off to be Emma DeSaro in her mansion,"
 which she got after she invented thermodores or whatever.
 I don't know.
 - I can, but dream.
 She did one day create something
 that we all live day to day.
 - I know, I know.
 But so Olson, that's Scott Olson, the hockey player,
 he has invented so many other silly sports
 and means of getting around.
 He's a bit of a hero.
 So he was, I think, the guy behind the rollerblade company,
 but then had terrible legal fallings out
 and there were sheet, like, ructions
 and he got kicked out and it was all very chaotic.
 - Looks like Steve Jobs.
 - Pretty much.
 So in 1996, you made the row bike,
 which is a bike with these kind of push-pull handles
 and that's how you propel yourself along.
 - Yeah.
 - Very exciting.
 He's made the sky ride, which is a rollercoaster,
 but you have to pedal yourself around it.
 (laughing)
 This huge track suspended 150 feet up
 and you get at the thing and you just have to pedal away.
 It's better than it sounds guys, it looks really fun.
 - Do you have a sort of safety net or something?
 I mean, how high up are you for that?
 - 150 feet, you're pretty high up.
 - You must have a harness or something.
 - Yeah, I have, yes, I imagine there are some basic
 safety precautions they say.
 - I mean, 'cause I can't get across monkey bars these days,
 that's actually terrifying.
 - You're sitting in a pod, you're sitting in a pod.
 - You do thing with all inventors.
 All great inventions, the key is, if there are enough darts,
 one of them is gonna strike, because every inventor,
 you look at their history and you go,
 God, they invented a lot of shit, didn't they?
 In amongst this whole penicillin thing,
 they invented fluffy bicycles or whatever.
 So the original inventor of roller blades, in fact,
 which preceded roller skates by about 100 years,
 was a guy called John Joseph Merlin,
 who we've mentioned before.
 And we've mentioned him in the context of
 when he invented his blades to publicize his other
 inventions, he showed them off by
 blading straight into a mirror and smashing it.
 So they didn't take off at all.
 But his other inventions were kind of cool,
 he invented a rotating tea table,
 and this worked by having the teapot,
 or like the samovar, that poured the tea in the middle,
 and then he had all the cups around the outside,
 and your hostess could spin the samovar,
 which would pour and fill all the cups,
 by just operating a pedal under the table.
 - Oh, that's great.
 - The lazy, lazy woman didn't even have to stand up
 and pour the tea.
 (laughing)
 That was the start of women's day.
 - I think he was attributed as well with inventing,
 if you go on a merry-go-round,
 it used to be a stagnant horse that would go around
 the whole way, and he, I think,
 invented the up and down motion of a merry-go-round horse.
 - It's the best bit of a merry-go-round.
 - That's not the best bit, Jamie.
 - It is.
 - Come on, come on, it is.
 - Come on.
 - It's about the going around in a circle.
 - The best bit is the going round.
 - There's only one way to test this, all right?
 You both have to create your own merry-go-rounds,
 one where the horse moves in a circle
 and stays on the horizontal plane,
 and the other way, it just goes up and down
 and doesn't move around in a circle.
 And you'll open one next to each other,
 and you'll see who gets more punters.
 - Oh my god, this is the Feder and Nadal court
 of up and down, circular entertainment.
 - It is.
 - The problem with the one where you stay in one spot,
 the horse goes up and down,
 and you have to wave at your mum all the way through the ride.
 (laughing)
 I have one last really stupid thing of Rollerblades,
 which is a 2016 report of the Wiltshire police
 about the 999 calls they got.
 One of their operators said that she'd taken a call
 from someone who'd been out rollerblading at night
 who wanted an officer to come and pick them up
 because the caller had come across a very steep hill
 that they couldn't rollerblade up,
 and they went out stranded.
 - Okay, that's the sort of thing that I would do
 to be fair, come on.
 (laughing)
 - The operator said,
 "I ascertained that the caller was not very far from home
 and suggested that she contact a friend
 or a family member to pick her up instead."
 - Or take them off.
 - The old take them off has come back in.
 - Oh my god.
 - Why not take them off?
 - We got an email once from a guy called Marcus
 that I don't think I've ever mentioned,
 but it's such a good fact, which is that,
 so in some countries you call different numbers
 for a different emergency service,
 and in Chad, the number you call for police is 17,
 and the number you call for the fire department is 19.
 And what do you think the number is
 that you call for an ambulance?
 - 21.
 - 17, 19, 21.
 - Oh, I like that logic.
 I would have guessed 18.
 It is in fact, 2251, 424.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribeland, Andy.
 - @AndrewHunterM.
 - Jamie.
 - @UncleEagle, two E's.
 Never done this before, makes no sense.
 Anna.
 - You can email podcast@qi.com for me.
 - Yep, or you can go to our group account,
 which is @NoSuchThing, or go to our website.
 NoSuchThingIsAtFish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 Go check 'em out.
 Also, check out all the previous episodes
 of my dad wrote a porno, Jamie's podcast,
 which has just launched its sixth season.
 There are a couple of episodes in now.
 Do listen to them all.
 They are online wherever you get your podcasts.
 And yeah, we will be back again next week
 with another episode.
 So we'll see you all then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
