 *tongue bell*
 *I don't want to talk to you*
 *I don't want to talk to you*
 *I don't want to talk to you*
 *I don't want to talk to you*
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and it's the original QI Elf and author of the new children's books,
 Wonders of the World's Museums, Molly Oldfield,
 and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four
 favourite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order,
 here we go. Starting with you, Molly.
 My fact is, Blue L's are born backwards tell first so they don't drown during birth.
 Yeah, that's extraordinary.
 What I think we can tell is that you are the original QI Elf
 because that's typical QI fodder isn't it blue whales?
 Oh, we've got to love a bit of a blue whale.
 Yeah.
 It's actually really weird.
 I googled it to see what they look like.
 So obviously the tails coming out first.
 And then I thought, okay, what's it coming out of?
 I know it sounds ridiculous, but they're mammals, right?
 So am I allowed to see the giant?
 Oh yeah.
 And I always like do whales have them.
 What?
 Obviously they do, right?
 Yeah, yeah.
 So but we spent like so long at QI.
 I think I spent about 12 years licking up.
 In fact, James and I were thinking of writing about
 the QI book of genital ignorance.
 Do you remember that?
 I don't remember that.
 That's a great title.
 That's a great idea.
 I'll be backing off from this project very early.
 But anyway, yeah, so I googled this and there is an expert of wealth giants.
 And the scientific American have written an article about her.
 She's called Dr. Sarah Messnick.
 And it's really hard to study them, obviously.
 So what she does is she looks at Victorian drawings.
 She's got a freezer full of them.
 She has people if they ever find one.
 I'm sorry, a freezer full of whales for giants.
 Yes, exactly.
 Not drawings, the real things.
 And she also...
 That must be a big fridge.
 Well, right.
 A blue whale's want to stay big.
 You can walk inside it.
 And the strange thing, every single way.
 But how do you fit that in your freezer?
 I mean, you need a walk in freezer.
 You could make the freezer out of the vagina, couldn't you?
 Also, the other thing she does is she gets people who are like
 whale experts but love diving to like swim down
 and try and like put little cameras on the whale
 so that she can see T-scan them.
 And she said that it's a total gauntlet in there.
 Are very fat, well done.
 When we open it up, there were so many structures in there
 that we couldn't figure out how a sperm would possibly be able to swim
 from one end to the other.
 So basically, whales inside, they've got like flaps, folds,
 blind alleys and funnels, and a dizzying maze for sperm.
 So the reason for this possibly is, is that because they're in water,
 they don't want water going up there.
 So, you know, that's a way to keep them out.
 Keep the water out, have lots of little sort of blind alleys
 and funnels and mazes.
 Oh, okay, right.
 But they don't really know why.
 But how about with the birth then?
 Why is it, why, because if they came...
 Why they came up to tell first?
 Yeah.
 Well, it's so that as they're being born,
 they can still breathe.
 Because if they came out head first, then they would just drown.
 But surely whales breathe there.
 Right, they come up to the surface to breathe.
 Yeah, so they, if they're being born underwater,
 they won't be able to start breathing whichever
 and well comes out first.
 So, what happens is, often with whales,
 they'll have a load of mates of the mother.
 Midwives?
 Yeah, they're known as midwives, right?
 And they'll kind of take the baby up
 so it can have its first breath to make sure
 it doesn't just drown there.
 And also, their umbilical cord is like perforated.
 And so, it kind of comes apart really quickly.
 Wow.
 Cool.
 That's amazing.
 Have you heard about whale placenta?
 No.
 It just floats off, looking like a big plastic bag in the water.
 It's very exciting recently.
 One floated past a white.
 And everyone, everyone in Hawaii gathered at the water's edge to watch it go.
 She's all the animals in the research.
 I would imagine that.
 I think it probably becomes food for other animals, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Um, yeah, I picked the fact about the Blue Whale
 because it's like what a fact from my book.
 And I wrote about the Blue Whale.
 He's at the Natural History Museum called Hope.
 And when I went there with a little kid, she said to me,
 "Do you, can Blue Whales talk to killer whales?
 What do you think?"
 No.
 Oh, I'd say...
 I'd say different language.
 I'd say yes.
 I'd say you could sort of shout in Blue Whale
 and put on the killer whale accent.
 Yeah.
 Or you could get the gist.
 You'd be like, "I think they want to eat me."
 Doss, squids, poor five all, that kind of thing.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But a killer whale isn't a whale.
 Yeah, right. It's a dolphin.
 So it makes more, like, clicking, wearing noises.
 And Blue Whale obviously, like, makes deep singing, I don't know, noises.
 But I don't know.
 Because a killer whale...
 They're called killer whales because they killed whales, right?
 They were originally called whale killers
 and then they got flipped around.
 Ah, nice.
 But humans can talk to other animals,
 and other animals can kind of communicate with each other.
 We can talk to dogs, kind of.
 We can talk to whoever we want.
 Yeah.
 Whether they understand us or not.
 So a baby blue whale, for its first year,
 gains £200 every day, which is about my weight.
 Wow.
 So it's like, after day one, it's like,
 I then go into the whale,
 and then day two, another one of me,
 and day three, another one of me, for a whole year,
 until they're absolutely humongous.
 And that's all, is that all krill?
 Or do they get some sort of other food source for the mumps?
 They mumps the milk, the milk and the mumps.
 200 litres of milk a day.
 Wow.
 That's a very weird mental image, James.
 Kind of just say, a whale made up of 365 years.
 Yeah.
 All kind of tied together.
 Imagine I'm Jonah.
 Yeah.
 Only baby whales like to eat me.
 Yeah.
 But they're doing it again and again.
 And I'm cloning myself, obviously, in this metaphor.
 How can you use it if it takes to make up one blue whale?
 A lot.
 So, for instance, an adult blue whale
 eats about four tons of krill a day.
 Oh, okay.
 And by weight, that's the equivalent of eating 26,000 Greg Stake Bakes
 a day, which is one every three seconds.
 Oh, what is a steak bake?
 I know.
 It's a glorious thing.
 It's like a sausage roll, but it's got a steak in it instead.
 Yeah.
 It's like a pasty.
 Right, got you.
 It's very nice.
 Yeah, but you wouldn't want to eat one every three seconds
 for the rest of your life.
 Would you go on with life if you had to do that?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, totally.
 So, you don't get full because you've got a much bigger stomach.
 Yeah.
 Like, if you're the giant as the size of a fridge,
 then your stomach's probably the size of, you know,
 maybe a whole warehouse full of fridges.
 Yeah.
 So, you're not going to get full all the time with these steak bakes.
 And you've got a big mouth.
 You can eat more than one in time.
 You don't need to do the three-second separation.
 I guess so.
 It's, yeah, it's funny.
 So, imagine you, Daniel, are having to eat one every three seconds.
 Yes.
 Especially, they feed in this, like, it's called the,
 the blue-else feed in the lunging position,
 which is actually the position of...
 Not the lunging position.
 Which means, isn't it?
 The eternal lunging position.
 And, yeah, that's the, that, you know, they've hung the blue-else
 in from the ceiling.
 It's in the feed lunging position.
 So, what they do, they, like, dive down and open their mouths
 and all the krill goes in and then they close their mouths
 and the belly and, like, filters out the water.
 And the krill stays inside, like,
 little peas, really.
 Right.
 I don't know if we've mentioned this on the podcast before,
 but the blue whale in the Natural History Museum,
 the one that's made of the massive sort of, like, paper mache.
 Do you remember that giant whale that they have?
 A model one, yeah.
 Yeah, the model one.
 So, there's a trap door at the bottom of it
 and the builders, when they were making
 all the surrounding rooms and the whale itself,
 used to go in there for breaks.
 And it's a bit of a time capsule now,
 because inside, there were still old magazines.
 This said to be a mattress because, supposedly,
 after late-night parties, there were sneaky shag sessions
 going on inside the blue whale.
 We were told, we were told this by curators from there.
 Did you have to go in through the freezer-sized vagina?
 But, yeah, inside the blue whale,
 supposedly, as a time capsule of newspapers
 and there might be a mattress in there and so on.
 But the having sex inside a blue whale
 definitely happened in Gothenburg
 and they also have a trap door.
 And public was allowed to go inside,
 but they stopped it because they found a couple
 in the, doing the...
 Wow, everything else I've got is very tame compared with this stuff.
 They had a cafe in the mouth of this one in Gothenburg
 and they used to have religious people would go there
 and tell the story of Jonah and the whale
 while having their coffee and stuff.
 It's not even a whale of a time.
 You couldn't get it to...
 You couldn't be swallowed and end up in a stomach of whale, could you?
 Because you'd be...
 Like, because they can only eat krill, right?
 Yeah, yeah.
 They've got tiny throats.
 Yeah, the size of the foot...
 Yeah, the size of a grapefruit we've said on QI, isn't it?
 But you could squeeze through size with grapefruit on it.
 It's not going to be really solid, is it?
 It's going to be like mussely,
 but I reckon you could squeeze through, no?
 I'd just...
 Imagine trying to eat a meal, though,
 that was trying to get through...
 That was too big.
 Imagine a lump of gristle that was trying to get into your stomach.
 It was too big.
 I think you'd choke.
 Yeah, but it's better to have them helping you swallow it.
 The gristle, if you have food that helps you swallow it,
 if that would make life a lot easier.
 If the grang steak bag wants to be eaten...
 Oh, it's slightly down your throat.
 You're like an artist, so I can.
 Come on, there's the other of my buddies, two and a half seconds behind me.
 Let's go. Let's go.
 Go, go, go.
 Okay, it's time to move on to fact number two, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that during the Qing dynasty in China,
 when the weather got hot in the summer,
 people would swap their pillows for ceramic ones.
 Ceramic?
 What an uncomfortable day it must have been like the first day of using a ceramic pillow,
 after having a lovely soft pillow.
 Do you think?
 I guess your pillow would be nice and cool, which is good.
 Yeah.
 Which is the advantage of doing it.
 Well, we're in the hottest day of the year today, aren't we?
 This is going to go out in a few weeks when it's probably pissing it down again,
 but this is the hottest day of the year.
 I'm this morning when you're in bed.
 Would you not have killed for a ceramic pillow?
 I would have loved a ceramic pillow right now.
 Yeah.
 Actually, that would be awful.
 Imagine a pillow fight with a ceramic pillow.
 Yeah.
 What do you want now?
 There was a pillow fight in 2015 between a load of army cadets in America,
 and they decided, for some reason,
 instead of having a normal harmless pillow fight that they put helmets in the pillows,
 and as a result, at least 30 cadets were injured,
 24 suffered concussions, and there were three broken arms,
 one broken neck, and many missing teeth.
 One broken neck, currently.
 Wow. That is bad. I read about that.
 It's a West Point military academy, and it was this great tradition.
 It happened every year since 1897.
 And after 2015, they said, well, maybe no more of this.
 Isn't that crazy?
 Yeah, that is.
 Pillow fights used to be used a lot for early cinema.
 There's a lot of examples of some of the early movies that were made.
 Those black and white ones that are called, like the first example in 1897
 was just called a pillow fight, and it's just people having a pillow fight.
 And then it was remade. Well, there was a follow-up called new pillow fight.
 Yeah, what happened then?
 Yeah, it was just more, um, yeah, I guess, you know, the second installment.
 They did the helmets inside the pillow.
 No, but what they read is, the reason it was very good for cinema
 is because you could see the fight starting small, and feathers would come out.
 And as the fight escalated, and they got harder, more feathers would come out,
 so the audience were able to properly see the intensity of a fight as it got heavier and heavier.
 It was just great for early cinema to have that as an effect of visual.
 So yeah, a lot of pillow fights in early cinema.
 Have you guys heard of a pillow fought?
 That's a phrase, yeah?
 Yeah, when you build yourself.
 Yeah, when you build a fort out of post, okay.
 There is a park in America, which is called Fort Pillow.
 That's its name.
 And it's named after a US and Confederacy general.
 His name was Gideon Johnson Pillow.
 It's got a very comfy man.
 I'm just about to put my head down, sleeping on his fat tummy.
 Was it really fat?
 I don't know if he was fat or not, but he was not a nice man.
 He wouldn't have wanted a cuddle.
 Yeah, no, he was a bad dude.
 But I don't think it's got anything to do with pillow fights, and it's called Fort Pillow.
 I've been trying to find out the first use of the phrase "Pillow fought"
 to see if Fort Pillow predates it.
 I can't find it.
 Pillow, what a terrible name for his general.
 Hello, General Pillow.
 Was he General?
 Captain Pillow.
 He was a general Pillow.
 He was a Brigadier General.
 He was very senior in the army.
 The record is his name that made him such an angry man.
 So I got this fact from the Christie's website, the auctioneers.
 They had, there was an article about 100 things we learned from Christie's.
 I'll give you a few more of those before we go on to the market.
 Napoleon was allergic to leather in France.
 First edition comic books sell for much less than the original plates that we used to make them.
 That's the fact, isn't it?
 And Andy Warhol once wrote in his diaries that "Dabby Davito was so cute we should all marry him."
 Wow, that is two pop culture names I did not expect to come together.
 Davito, as well, isn't he?
 Davito.
 Is that how you just look at people who are slightly everywhere?
 Hello, Ian.
 That means like Tommy Utilipan.
 Tommy Utilipan, right?
 There was someone who, who was it who slept on the stomach of...
 Um, I know who it was.
 Was it Genghis Khan or something?
 No, it was.
 I think it was Peter the Great.
 That's right.
 He had a great use to use a young male secretary's stomach as a pillow.
 He referred his wife, but if he was a way traveling and his wife was an available,
 he had his...
 ...bring in general pillow at once.
 But you couldn't turn him over, could you?
 Because if you turn over that person, you've got a bony back.
 Yeah. He's got a bum. The bum. He's just having a slid out of it.
 Don't really do that, though, do you?
 No, it's not ideal.
 No, but you would want the man's tummy.
 Right. It's different, isn't it? There's less going on in the stomach.
 Rumbling if it's hungry.
 Yeah, that's true. You don't have to be well fed.
 Sorry, what were we talking about?
 I mean, pillow's a long time ago.
 Um, yes, so, um, Chinese, um, people, they used to use ceramic pillows.
 Well, actually, James, they still do.
 I've got someone staying with me and she's from Singapore.
 And she said her aunt still uses ceramic pillows.
 Cool. Is that right? Very cool.
 Just in the summer off.
 They just stopped talking to her aunt recently, but...
 ...following a pillow fight where...
 But because they lived in small, um, living spaces,
 they would be, um, decorative as well.
 Um, and they would be given as wedding gifts and they'd be kind of a sign of,
 you know, wishes for many happy years of marriage or offspring or whatever.
 Some of them were, um, shaped.
 So there were lion-shaped ones which would scare off evil spirits, which is useful.
 There were some shaped-like frogs.
 And there was a fashion for some shaped-like sleeping children.
 Hmm. Yeah.
 Yeah, I think they thought that, like, pillows could commune between the spirit world and human world.
 So they'd put, like, children playing on them to, like,
 bring children into the family or specific.
 There's one in the Met in New York that's got a drawing of two boys playing in Piennes,
 which is a partner to ensure, like, baby boys and airs would come along.
 And there's one in the British Museum.
 Um, that is in the shape of a woman lying down with her head on a pillow.
 Um, and yeah, on the concave bit of the woman around her hip where you put your head.
 There's a lovely poem which says,
 "The wind rustles flowers under a snow white moon."
 I, I read this and I can't quite believe it, which is that in medieval times,
 pillows were really for, for people who are a bit weedy.
 Yeah.
 They were only for the elderly or pregnant women.
 They still are, actually.
 I sleep on a, I sleep on a piece of tube, I fall with nails stuck there.
 Take the man out of Bolton.
 I do have a reason why you should throw your pillows away, James,
 and go back to that piece of tube before with nails in it.
 Why is that, Andy?
 There was a study by the University of Manchester, which took pillows,
 which have been used for various lengths of time.
 And they found several thousand spools of fungus per gram of pillow.
 They found 47 different species of fungus.
 So that's, that might be what you're sleeping on.
 Yeah, I read that a third of the weight of any pillow,
 if you've been using it for ages, is dead skin.
 I think that's my, some people think that might be true.
 Some people think that might have been the rumour put about by pillow,
 might be facturists, by big pillow.
 That big guy.
 No, you would think, wouldn't you?
 And it's not just dead skin.
 It's also house-might corpses.
 And house-might eggs can run and, I'm living house-mights, I know what it is.
 But if it was one third of an entire pillow.
 You would, that's a lot of a pillow.
 You would think you could tell if just one end was just your skin.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Mind you, but we sleep with pillowcases, right?
 So it doesn't have all the gross stuff going on there and then you change it.
 And then you wash it.
 Wow, I know who washes up pillow.
 You put a pillowcase around a turd.
 It's still a turd, isn't it?
 It's still bad, yeah.
 So even that is true.
 Hitler's pillowcase, I'm afraid we've reached the Hitler bit of the podcast.
 His pillowcase was not only monogram with his initials.
 It had an eagle and the swastika on it.
 Yeah, it was auctioned in 2011.
 And a pillowcase on a sheet was over £2,000.
 That's not much.
 It's not, well, come on, the Hitler's pillowcase.
 I didn't realise we had a collector in the room.
 I didn't lock up for that.
 Okay.
 Do you want to random swastika facts?
 I got two actually.
 One, the oldest bit of human writing ever found it's got a swastika in it.
 And two, the word swastika is Sanskrit and it means kind of lucky, how fortunate.
 Yes, Hindu symbol.
 The oldest writing.
 So that's the ancient Hindu Indo-European Sanskrit?
 No, it's not, it's pre-Sanskrit.
 Yeah, it's proto-Sanskrit, proto-European.
 You know, if you get to a hotel and you don't like your pillow,
 you can order a pillow menu.
 Not in all hotels.
 Not all hotels, but we've just finished a tour.
 And I don't think a single one of the hotels that we stated had a pillow menu.
 Yeah, sorry, I should have said so-so in hotels.
 Provided pillow menu.
 I've worked in hotels that had pillows, yeah, yeah.
 And they would be like, let's say you had an anti-allergen pillow.
 You might have that or hard or soft or general pillows tummy or whatever.
 Or pillow with, I'd like one with an eagle in a swastika right?
 Please do you have one of those?
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Oscar Wilde ate his books as he read them.
 This was, there was a book that was written by Thomas Wright called "Bilt of Books,
 How Reading Defined the Life of Oscar Wilde".
 In it, he reveals that as Oscar Wilde was reading books,
 he would tear off the top corner of each page once he'd read it and eat it
 and then keep moving on.
 It was just the habit of his that he did-
 Instead of having like a bookmark, right?
 I guess so, yes.
 So wherever the chomp has been taken out of the corner.
 Yeah, exactly, yeah.
 Why don't we all do that?
 Well, have you ever eaten paper?
 Yeah.
 Do you like it?
 I don't mind it.
 It's not my favourite.
 It's no Greg's steak bake.
 I think it's not that nice eating paper.
 I think in a small amount it's fine.
 I've been reading a lot on Oscar Wilde recently.
 That's one of the fun facts that I discovered.
 Eat the books as you read them.
 No, I didn't.
 It's the internet. He was reading them.
 I think you could eat them.
 If you're reading online, you have to take a bite.
 Oh, good.
 Very nice.
 So there was an exhibition not too long ago,
 2016 in Reading Prison, where they showed all of the books
 that Oscar Wilde had while he was in prison.
 He did it.
 And they did it.
 Yes, it's an empty exhibition.
 But basically, when he was in jail,
 you weren't really allowed to have access to books,
 but because he was such a prominent figure.
 He was the only one who was allowed.
 Basically, they have a special dispensation for him, right?
 Yeah, he was allowed to keep his light on at night,
 longer than everyone else.
 So what I like about it is that Reading Jail was the only reading jail.
 Wow.
 Very nice.
 Yes.
 I read that I'm a bit ahead on the details.
 I think he was allowed, it was technically a long letter
 that the governor of the prison allowed him to write.
 Because you were allowed to write a letter.
 Oh.
 But he was writing a huge long...
 Oh, so this is the righting path.
 Deeper fundus.
 Deeper fundus, exactly.
 Yeah, so that was when he was in prison being allowed to write.
 Yes, yeah.
 And we see it, interestingly, as a letter,
 because it starts dear Bozy to his lover
 and who he ended up going to prison as a result of the relationship with.
 And Bozy never read it until after Oscar Wilde had died.
 It was never written to be a private letter to him,
 done in long form.
 It was meant to be published.
 And it was written and sent to a publisher, as opposed to Bozy himself.
 So yeah, it was a good cheat that he pulled off.
 Oh, it's a huge sort of philosophic.
 It's his deepest work, I think, that Oscar Wilde did just life.
 And why he was in there and what people thought about sex
 and gender and all that sort of stuff, I think.
 And he's pretty rude about Bozy in it.
 Because Bozy encouraged him to sue for libel
 when Bozy's father had been extremely rude about world and public
 and said that the cost would be covered and all of this.
 And as it was, the libel truck collapsed.
 Oscar Wilde was sued for what time was gross in decency,
 being gay, basically.
 And as a result, went to prison.
 So he's quite annoyed with Bozy in bits of it.
 You know that he, supposedly his last words were
 my wallpaper and I fighting a Jewel to the death,
 one or one or either of us has to go.
 So I knew I'd to find out what his wallpaper was like.
 [LAUGHS]
 Because it must have been pretty horrible, right?
 I think you'd find that.
 I didn't.
 But I found out that his wallpaper in his own house,
 back in London, because he died in Paris in a hotel, right?
 He, in his own house, he had a drawing room with dragons painted
 all over a blue ceiling.
 And his wallpaper was, had peacock feathers.
 It was like peacock feathers all set into the plaster of the walls.
 And then I don't know whether the hotel in Paris,
 where he died, knows this, because they've
 re-decorated the Oscar Wilde room, where he died,
 with a fresco of kissing peacocks.
 And the other thing that's on show in there is the bill
 from his hotel's day, where he, when he died.
 And he never paid it.
 And apparently he said, I am dying above my means.
 Mm, yeah.
 But I don't think that they were his final words,
 where they were their wallpaper thing.
 So he had an operation just before he died.
 And while he was recuperating, he said that last words.
 And he said a few other last words as well, saying I can't
 even afford to die and things like that.
 But when he actually died, I don't think he was in any fit
 states, be making whizzes and so on.
 James, you just read the whole lovely ending.
 It was definitely nearly his love.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So I read a thing.
 Andy and I were talking about the downstairs,
 because there's a sense that it's been debunked,
 this fact that I'm about to say.
 But I read it in a Christopher Hitchens article,
 where he talks about the hidden--
 the hidden sort of innuendos that was all the way
 through the importance of being earnest, the play.
 So Christopher Hitchens says that the word earnest used
 to be Victorian slang for, if you were homosexual.
 So the idea was, Oscar Wilde loved the idea on the marquee.
 It was effectively saying the importance of being gay
 was his big sort of hidden message that was underneath it.
 And that seems to have been slightly debunked.
 But it's interesting, because Hitchens brings up
 a bunch of different examples where he
 ceded sort of hidden meanings within the play.
 So for example, there's a character,
 a minor character called Bloxham.
 Bloxham was famous at the time as an editor
 of a magazine, a gay magazine called The Chameleon.
 And he was a very controversial character.
 Cessely was one of the characters' names
 of one of the high society girls.
 That, according to Hitchens, was vernacular
 for transvestite rent boys back in the day.
 And just lots of little bits of hidden hints
 towards the two main male characters
 having alternative lives that they're trying
 to hide was a suggestion that they were both themselves gay.
 And if there was a missing handbag in--
 A handbag.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Very nice.
 Where-- and supposedly sort of meetup places,
 where guys would go to meetup sort of illegally,
 would be places like lost property places and so on.
 So another thing that you were telling me, Dan,
 is about the mark was of Queen's Brie.
 Yes, yeah.
 Well, my original fact for this was
 that to protest at the opening of the importance
 of being earnest about the relationship of Oscar Wilde
 and Bo C, the marquee of Queen's Brie,
 try to interrupt the premiere with a bouquet
 of phallic-shaped vegetables.
 Did you, like, riddle on stage or what did he do?
 That was his plan.
 He was going to go inside.
 And he went with a posse.
 He went with like a crew, kind of like how Conor McGregor
 recently threw stuff at a bus.
 That was kind of the marquee of Queen's Brie.
 Conor McGregor didn't throw phallic vegetables, did he?
 No, they were phallic chairs.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So do you have to, like, carve a phallic vegetable?
 No, I don't think so.
 Well, this-- so I think he definitely did take along vegetables.
 He took along a bus good vegetable to throw at the stage
 and throw out wild and protest.
 But I think they weren't especially phallic.
 I think they were just carrots and turnips because I--
 But then carrots are quite phallic, aren't they?
 All of them really.
 Hasn't it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Cucumber.
 Yeah, OK.
 Overgene.
 What we're saying is that many vegetables
 are kind of a little bit phallic in nature.
 Yeah.
 And so to say that these were phallic vegetables seems plausible.
 Yeah, but what I don't think is true that the marquis of Queen's
 free went around selecting.
 I think that'll be a weird thing to protest against homosexuality
 by going around looking for penises wherever you could find it.
 And we'd say more about the marquis's own state of mind
 than about violence.
 But that-- so he wasn't allowed in.
 He didn't get led into the plate.
 And then he left a card, I think, at least.
 Sorry, can I just say, did they not let him in
 because he was carrying the vegetables?
 Like, did they-- you know when you go to a gig,
 and they have to check your handbag?
 In case you got, like, some--
 [LAUGHTER]
 But yeah, so was that the reason why,
 obviously, because they recognized him?
 I think probably he turned up angry with thugs
 and holding vegetables.
 And they thought, oh, it's the opening night.
 Let's not take the chance.
 Yeah.
 And also, he was famous for going to premieres of theater
 shows to protest them.
 That was his thing.
 So he went to one play that he was protesting
 that they were giving atheists a bad name.
 It was only Tennyson.
 He was an above atheist, yeah, that's right.
 And then he brought vegetable shape like Jesus.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Well, a lot of vegetables actually look like teens think about it.
 Yeah.
 Which one?
 Nugly.
 Drusula Martichoke, hello.
 Yeah, play actually failed.
 In short, being honest, failed as a result of this trial
 happening.
 It closed after 83 performances.
 It's part of getting crazily good reviews.
 But it survived longer than it should have.
 What they just did was take his name off the bill.
 So they just erased Oscar Wilde from the production,
 because he was up there on the marquee.
 It was an Oscar Wilde play.
 Yeah, and they just say, all right, let's get rid of that
 and let's keep it going.
 So it should have come off 30 or 40 performances
 before, then really.
 But when he didn't manage to get into the play,
 the marquee, I think he went to Wilde's club,
 and he left a card saying, "To Oscar Wilde, posing
 as a Sondermite."
 He meant to write Sondermite, and he misspelled it.
 But I think to a writer, that has
 got to be more of an insult almost and spelling it right.
 That's what makes it annoying.
 And that's what made Bozy say, no,
 you have to sue my father for libel.
 And that's when Wilde did sue you.
 Well, one card's spelled wrong.
 Yeah.
 He shouldn't have done that.
 With the benefit of hindsight, Molly, no, he shouldn't
 have done that.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He should have sent it back.
 He spelled it wrong.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Did you know the Oscar Wilde's on the front cover
 of the Sergeant Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club band?
 Nope.
 Is he?
 OK.
 He's looking over the shoulder of John Lennon.
 The other thing I found out is that is about his tomb.
 So he's buried in Père Lache's cemetery in France, Paris,
 where lots of famous people are.
 And his tomb has got a big sphinx flying across it.
 Have you seen it?
 Yeah.
 And yeah, so it was described as a demonic flying angel,
 and it had a huge set of genitalia,
 which apparently the keeper of the cemetery said--
 Oh, it's actually a cucumber.
 Or a carrot, a balsnip.
 Yeah, the keeper said that this is totally indecent.
 So they just covered it up with a tarpaulin for a little while.
 Anyway, so then, they said, right, we're
 going to have to sort this out, a tarpaulin's just not going to work.
 So they made a bronze butterfly-shaped cod piece
 and put that over the top.
 And then Alistair Crowley, apparently, stole it.
 Yeah, he was known as a wickedness man on earth, wasn't he, Crowley?
 Yeah.
 He was like-- what was he like?
 He was like a dark magician who, like David Blank.
 The newspaper's called him evil because he was--
 he had very poor morals and was kind of corrupting the young,
 like, say-- Oh, yeah.
 Like Jeremy Corbyn.
 OK, so he's a cross between David Blank and Jeremy Corbyn.
 I think I understand who the saddest guy is.
 Apparently, when he was on holiday in Egypt with his wife,
 Bruce, he had a vision of someone dictating
 like a book of laws to him, and he found it a whole new religion.
 Crowley.
 No, Corbyn.
 Corbyn.
 There's a bookshop not too far from here, which is called Watkins.
 And it's an esoteric bookshop.
 It's a Colton, all that sort of stuff.
 It's amazing.
 And they have a story, which is that Alistair Crowley
 used to shop there.
 And he came in one time.
 And the owner said, I don't believe
 that you have all these magic tricks.
 And then he said, well, watch this.
 In an instant, he made all of the books disappear in the shop.
 And then a second later, they all came back.
 That's because he went in with Oscar Wilde.
 He ate the book.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Anyway, so Alistair Crowley, he took the butterfly off--
 he nicked it, basically.
 And then, when he went to London,
 he got all dressed up, put the butterfly on his jacket.
 And he went to Cafe Royal and hung out with all of his friends.
 And was like, I've got Oscar Wilde's butterfly copies.
 And now everyone can see his massive gentleman
 earlier on the swings, right?
 And then, they're now not there.
 And the rumor is that two angry ladies
 who were walking in the cemetery just got some rocks
 and bashed it off because they didn't like it.
 And yeah, and apparently, the balls are now
 used at paper weights in the pair Laschet's conservation
 office.
 Is that right?
 That's what I'd like to happen to my balls off
 the dry die.
 And I believe the penis shaft is used as a draft excluder
 under the door in the office as well.
 Very good, please.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for our final factor, the show.
 And that is Andy.
 My factor is that the New York police
 have a casting director for their lineups, which is--
 now he's not a proper policeman.
 Right.
 He's not even a rogue policeman.
 He's just a guy.
 And there was a profile of him in the New York Times
 a few years ago.
 He's called Robert Weston.
 And whenever the police and the Bronx need to do a line up,
 they say we need five light skinned Hispanic men.
 He'll say, OK, I know just the people are ranked.
 They all get $10.
 He gets $10 for organizing a thing.
 And he's been doing this for years.
 And he can find various different categories of people.
 That's really cool.
 Yeah.
 It's a very weird casting job that he does.
 But he's been doing it for ages.
 So these days, we have something called Viper.
 In the UK, which is the video identification
 parade electronic recording.
 And it's basically a database of loads of different faces.
 And so you go into your database and you say,
 this person has this colorized, this color of hair and whatever.
 And then it just finds people who look like them.
 Basically, instead of getting a ten of her every line up
 you do, you get paid a ten of ones.
 And then your face is in the system.
 Ah, right.
 What it means is that they can go to the house
 of the person who's been a victim of the crime.
 So if you've been mugged, the police will come
 around to your place.
 And they'll show you on a computer a line up and say,
 can you identify any of these people?
 Yes.
 So with the Viper thing, if you're accused,
 then you can ask your lawyer to get the police to Photoshop
 any distinctive mark you might have on your face.
 So for instance, I have a scar on my face, don't I, under my eye?
 What's that from?
 I'm from when I was--
 Hello Viper.
 I was in the West Point military when I was young.
 No, I just fell when I was a child.
 And it's basically--
 I couldn't make it so everyone else has this exact scar
 on so that it's not--
 Oh, cool.
 Nice.
 So you wouldn't have raised it off.
 You've just put it on everyone else.
 Yeah.
 Surely--
 Yeah, because if people are looking for--
 if they remember a birthmock or a scar on their face,
 they'll fixate on that.
 And they might misidentify if they're just looking for that thing.
 But surely it's an incentive to criminals
 to do all their crimes in a fabulous hat or something.
 Because then you can just make everyone in the ID
 parade wear a fabulous hat.
 That's what I'd do.
 I was a criminal.
 Well, like vegetables on it.
 Yeah.
 Do you know that in 2015, there was an ID parade of dogs
 in the UK.
 What's there?
 Yeah.
 Because a dog did a crime.
 A dog did a crime.
 What did you do?
 It drew a bit in a girl in Wales.
 And the police ran an ID parade of dogs,
 which were all from the street that the biting had taken place.
 Right.
 And the girl picked the right one.
 But then dogs are very different looking at them.
 I don't know if they tried to get five border collies.
 You just had a rock viola alone in chihuahas and poodles and stuff.
 I think they might have put the other dogs in border collie costumes.
 Two chihuahas, one in the front, one in the back.
 Actually, you could have a lineup where the dogs are the ones
 who are picking the criminal, because in some states
 of America, Alaska, Florida, New York, and Texas,
 they have sent lineups where dogs smell a number of people
 to pick out the suspect.
 And the FBI report from 2004 says it should not be used
 as primary evidence, because it's not exactly amazingly kind
 of accurate.
 But some of them just smell like food.
 We also get a bark at that one up.
 They rub sausages on all the criminals to court.
 If you smell like sausages, normally, you're
 allowed to ask your lawyer to make everyone else smell like sausages.
 But the dogs are not the victims of the crime.
 It's not which of these men called you a bad dog.
 No, they're just matching the scent with the scent from the crime.
 OK.
 Do you want to hear one thing about--
 so this is about people who look like each other in lineups.
 I didn't find one thing about look-alikes.
 Yeah, go on.
 It's this guy who's a Daniel Craig look-alike.
 And he was writing up his experiences.
 And he just sounds like he has a really tricky time.
 He was recounting some of his adventures.
 He's called Steve Wright.
 And he has these awful times.
 So he says he was flown out to Santa Fe
 by a millionaire rest to reenact the scene where James Bond comes out of the water
 in his swimming trunks.
 And he said, I was told to wait a few yards out of the water until my cue came,
 the theme tune from Casino Royal.
 But when it did, it sounded very faint.
 He says, I suddenly realized that somehow I drifted 100 yards out of sea.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I had to lunch back with sea water slapping in my face.
 By the time I reached the sound, I was totally out of breath and staggered out of the water.
 So you think I was bad?
 Then he did another party where he said it's more typical for him to be schmoozing
 ladies at a corporate event dressed as James Bond and looking like Daniel Craig.
 He did a function, a black tie ball.
 And he said, unfortunately, it was a black tie ball.
 So I didn't stand out easily.
 When I waltzed into the room of 250 people and attempted to charm the female contingent,
 I found myself being treated like a repellent sex person.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I tried taking a woman's arm and saying, so you must be pussy galore.
 Would you like me my escort to the night?
 Yeah.
 But I had failed to introduce myself as James Bond first.
 She pulled her arm back very quickly and called her husband over.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I am on @Streiberland.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 Andy.
 @AndreyHunterM.
 And Moll.
 @MollielField.
 Yep.
 And Moll mentioned the name of your book again.
 It's called "Wonders of the World's Museums."
 Yeah, and it's available now on Amazon and in all book shops.
 All book shops.
 It's a guide to all the best things in museums around the world for children.
 Yeah, I've got it from my kid.
 It's awesome.
 So do go out and get that.
 You can also go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We have links to our tour dates.
 And we have links to our book and other goodies.
 So go there and check it out.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 See you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
