 [music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 This is our audience facto you have been sending in brilliant facts to podcast@QY.com
 and we are here to tell you the best ones.
 And who are we Andy?
 Oh yeah, I'm Andrew Hunter Murray and these are my friends.
 Dan Schreiver and James Harkin.
 Good to be here Andy.
 James?
 Oh yeah, I love it.
 Let's crack on.
 Who's got a fact?
 I've got one.
 Yep.
 This is from Mary Kuhner.
 I think maybe from Colorado because she said here's a fact from Colorado.
 When Denver smells like manure, it's about to snow.
 Oh.
 When Denver smells like, what a great riddle.
 When Denver smells like manure, it's about to snow.
 Does that feel like the old, if you can see the hills that I mean.
 Is it about to rain?
 And if you can't see the hills, it is raining.
 That's all we say in Bolton.
 Yeah.
 Is it because the area is going very dry because it's getting so cold that the smell can travel
 to your nostrils.
 Not quite.
 Not quite.
 What is the riddle?
 Good attempt.
 Nice one professor.
 There are no points for trying on this show.
 I thought it was a very good effort, Dan, I don't mind saying so.
 It's because Denver's in kind of a bowl and lots of cattle live there.
 And you get this thing called the upslope effect where it pushes up against the mountains and
 goes up to the top of the mountains.
 And then when it gets to the top, it condenses and you get rain or snow.
 So it is one of these things where actually people think it's, they say, oh, if it smells
 like manure, it's going to snow, but it actually is true.
 So the air gets sort of pulled off the land, the cowey manure land.
 Yes.
 That's right.
 Then turn the snow.
 Precisely correct.
 It's like feces.
 Don't eat brown snow.
 That's what they say in Denver.
 Yeah, there you go.
 Would you like one more fact about Denver?
 Yeah.
 Much of the tap water in Denver comes from a place called Gross Reservoir.
 It might be, don't write in if you're from there because it might be that it's pronounced
 gross.
 I'm not sure.
 Because it's named after former chief engineer of Denver water, Dwight D-G-R-O-S.
 Ah, right.
 Nice.
 Gross, gross.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Potato potato.
 Want a great Denver nugget?
 Lovely.
 And if you can spell those Denver nuggets, it's about to snow.
 It's a name of their basketball team as well.
 The Denver nuggets.
 Oh.
 Is it?
 It is.
 Yeah.
 Very good.
 That was a good one.
 Yeah.
 It went right over my head.
 Is that a basketball joke?
 It went right over my head.
 Well, that one also went over my head.
 Three points.
 I don't understand basketball either.
 Let's do a fact.
 Let's do a fact.
 This one comes from Camille Jordan, sister of Michael Jordan, of course, from the
 Chicago Bulls.
 No, Camille Jordan is from Alton in Switzerland.
 And this is a fantastic fact.
 Technically, Camille says, the first flag on the moon was the Swiss flag.
 Yeah.
 Well.
 So.
 Well, I'm not sure that is true.
 Well, let's let Camille show her workings.
 Can I just say, I think we might have done this on QI where everyone thinks it's the
 American flag, but the Russians sent a probe up, it crashed, and there was a Soviet flag
 on there.
 So we always thought it was Soviet, but what's the Swiss thing?
 You've absolutely kiboshed her reasoning here.
 If that's the case.
 But so let's say when the Americans landed on the moon, before they put up the American
 flag, they sort of accidentally put up another flag.
 No.
 Physicists from the University of Bern designed an experiment to be performed during the
 first moon expedition, a solar sail to capture solar wind particles.
 For the best result, the sail needed to stay up as long as possible, which is why it was
 set up even before the US flag.
 The equipment had a little Swiss cross on it, which depending on your definition of a flag
 makes the Swiss flag the first flag to be placed on the surface of the moon.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Camille says that there's a short documentary that everyone can watch on YouTube called
 Burn on the Moon, which shows this story and shows how it is.
 So if anyone's interested to look into that more, you can check that out there.
 Interestingly, there was another flag that was taken to the moon, not just the American,
 not just the Swiss flag, or the Soviets, or the Soviets.
 And this was taken up by Buzz Aldrin, which was the Freemason flag.
 Oh, God.
 Well, he was part of a Freemason's Lodge, and the idea was that they wanted to open their
 own lodge on the moon.
 No.
 Well, this is according to Bedfisher Freemason's website.
 Temperature.
 Yeah.
 They would know.
 And probably they won't tell it to any of the other Freemason's, but just the Bedfisher
 branch, they're the ones who really know what's going on.
 Here's what they say on their website.
 They say, so two American astronauts landed on the moon in the Sea Tranquility.
 One of these brave men's was brother Edwin, brother Edwin Eugene Aldrin, Jr.
 A member of the Clear Lake Lodge number one, four, one, seven in Texas.
 Brother Buzz was authorized by the grandmaster of Texas to claim Masonic territorial jurisdiction
 for a grand lodge of Texas on the moon.
 No, I've just, sorry, I'm just thinking back because you know the footage of them getting
 off.
 Oh, yeah.
 Buzz has his trousers rolled up, doesn't it?
 He does, he does.
 And he's got that big wizard wand as well.
 It's not a wand to them.
 It's just a piece of word that you do spells with.
 Yeah.
 So it got permission, and the idea was because it was a lot of belief from the Mason.
 From the Mason's.
 Not from NASA.
 No.
 Well, because he also, he snuck on Nick.
 He snuck on, yes.
 He's doing lots of stuff, wasn't he?
 Yeah, he did lots of...
 It's amazing.
 We had time to do any science on the moon.
 It seems to be mostly like a tourist thing for Buzz.
 Yeah, wow.
 The thought was because apparently people were projecting that by the year 2000 there would
 be permanent lunar bases on the moon that would allow you to get there as quickly from
 Earth to the moon as you would fly plane from San Francisco to Boston.
 And it would be a stopping point between your trip to Mars or the rings of Saturn.
 Therefore, it made sense for them to open a special lodge for them to have ready for
 them for that time.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 So there we go.
 Good.
 And this is a fact from Alex Wilson.
 And it's about regret.
 Okay.
 There you go.
 In 2009, Lily Allen was asked to do a gig.
 She was asked to do a gig online, right?
 But not as herself.
 She was asked to do a sort of streaming gig.
 Do you remember the video game's second life?
 Yes.
 People had avatars and they had jobs inside second life.
 There was a whole second life economy like it was a...
 It was a really big thing for a long time.
 Comedians like Jimmy Carr were doing live gigs.
 He'll play anywhere.
 So Lily Allen was asked to do a gig in second life, right?
 And she was offered a fee not in pounds, right?
 But in a new sort of like fake currency that was sort of doing rounds a bit.
 It was in Bitcoin.
 She was offered.
 She was offered hundreds of thousands of Bitcoin.
 Ooh.
 Which might...
 I think I found a source that said it was equivalent to like $600.
 Interestingly, she did regrett it.
 She thought it was a dogecoin.
 Yeah.
 Thought it was a dogecoin?
 No.
 It's like that's one of her big songs, that's her album.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 That's a really good joke that went super good joke.
 Right over our heads.
 That's going to be the name of this episode, isn't it?
 I think so.
 Lovely when you hear it form in real time.
 No, it didn't know that.
 That's a really good joke.
 Yeah.
 She finds a...
 It's Pussy Palace and she thought it was a dogecoin.
 Oh, yes.
 Yes, on her new album.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Got it.
 Yeah.
 Well.
 She was offered.
 So she says hundreds of thousands of bitcoin, right?
 Yeah.
 If it was literally 200,000 bitcoin, which she turned down, that would be worth about 13 billion
 pounds today.
 Okay.
 I have found a source which said it was $600 and with the value of bitcoin as it was then,
 that would have been about 860,000 bitcoin, which at today's value would be $56,000,000,
 50 times the net worth of the king.
 Okay.
 How about the 20th richest person on the planet?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Oh, she said no to the gig.
 And instead they brought this blues artist called Elon Musk.
 He came in.
 Okay.
 All right.
 When started, it's a new act night.
 Come on, Elon.
 Can you imagine that?
 I think you can't.
 I think you have to not imagine that.
 She's doing all right.
 She's doing great.
 She's doing great.
 But she's not...
 Well, I mean, she's not doing great as the new album of a test, but she's doing it far.
 Oh, yeah.
 I'm sure she's in a better place now.
 Oh, definitely.
 Definitely.
 Well, she's the Lord Byron of the 21st century.
 Yeah.
 You're right.
 But would it have made her happy?
 No.
 No.
 Well, maybe.
 It makes you happy.
 Up to a certain point.
 Then it doesn't make you happy.
 But I think above a certain point, surely it's going to make you happy a bit.
 Yeah.
 Well, I don't know.
 Do you remember we had Malcolm Gladwell on No Such Thing as a Fish?
 You should check out that episode if you haven't heard it because it's a great guest
 appearance.
 Well, asked us a question, which would you take if you were offered?
 Yeah.
 Either what was it?
 10 million.
 100,000 pounds.
 A million.
 10 million.
 100 million.
 Yeah.
 Or a thousand million.
 Yeah.
 A billion.
 And he said most people picked 10 million.
 I think so.
 I imagine a number.
 And Dan Swall blind.
 He would take the billion.
 I just said a billion for the sake of playing the game and he went nuts on me.
 Tell you a new one.
 Yeah, in a very funny way.
 It was great.
 But he just...
 The unhappiness that would bring to your life to take a billion.
 Yeah.
 Versus a million.
 So what did you do with it at the end?
 Put it all in Bitcoin.
 Incredibly the day before.
 Anyway, you have to still keep making the show forever now.
 Okay.
 Here is a fact from Peter Marsh and Peter says this is very good.
 At any one time there must be a Polish person who is northernmost on planet Earth.
 And so they would be the North Pole.
 Yep.
 Okay.
 Not a fact so far.
 But he says, but Peter says that it's usually very difficult to tell who it might be.
 But on 23rd of May 1995, we can be sure it was either Marek Kaminsky or Wojciech Moskal because
 they were the first poles to reach the geographic North Pole on that day.
 So they were the two North Poles at the North Pole.
 That's lovely.
 That's wonderful.
 That's lovely.
 And I thought I'd have a look at the South Pole and it turns out there is an Arktowski Polish
 Antarctic Station, which is in the Antarctic in the South Pole.
 And basically Polish people live there and do science there.
 And so there's always like a little community of South Poles.
 North Poles.
 That's very good.
 That does.
 We can't do it now because we're putting it out.
 But that is a great quiz question.
 In 1995, for one day, there were three North Poles.
 Yeah.
 So on their five already, there's geographic and then there's magnetic and then there's
 OK.
 Well, it's a complicated question, sure, for the quiz.
 But which quiz are you pitching it to?
 Maybe one of our quizzes that we do for Patreon?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, we could do it the next one.
 We're doing them quarterly and we're about to do our first one tonight as we're recording
 this episode.
 So yeah, let's bring it to the next one.
 Right.
 Dan's pole quiz.
 Yep.
 Oh, no.
 Shall I bring another fact here?
 This is from Andrew Perez, who writes, "Jone of Arc once prayed at a chapel in Milwaukee,
 Wisconsin."
 No.
 Yes.
 Not true.
 True.
 Is that the dairy stage?
 Wisconsin is, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Just showing my knowledge.
 Great.
 Carry on.
 What do you know she did?
 She lived as far as I understood it.
 She lived and died in France.
 Yeah.
 And the new world hadn't been discovered at that stage.
 Yeah.
 Both correct.
 But she was magic or there was another person called Joan of Arc.
 Oh, that's it.
 It played a quarter back for the Green Bay Packers.
 That's it.
 No, it's not.
 No, what this is is there is a church that was built in 1420 and it's in a town that is
 southeast of Leon and it was where Joan of Arc prayed.
 Yeah.
 Now, there was a very rich American called Gertrude Hill Gavin who was daughter of an
 American railroad magnate and she was obsessed with Joan of Arc.
 She learnt that this chapel was a for sale.
 So she acquired it.
 She had it dismantled and she had it shipped over to her property in Long Island.
 And from there, it's been an America ever since.
 But maybe it's moved from Long Island to Wisconsin.
 Yeah, I guess so.
 That's another journey.
 Yeah.
 Interesting is this particular church was so beloved by one person in particular who was
 an architect that he basically mapped out every single brick and just said if this was
 ever dismantled, this is how it would come back together.
 So the blueprint for how to put it back together was already written for her by the
 successor.
 So did he like label each brick and say this one has to go here.
 This one has to go here.
 Basically.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So she even renamed the chapel so that had Joan's name in the chapel.
 And in 1933 Pope Pius XI gave her written permission to have mass in that building.
 So it's officially sanctioned by the Vatican as well.
 I think we did a fact.
 Ages ago about Rosa Parks had a house that was going to be dismantled and just completely
 destroyed in America and people wanted to save it.
 So someone bought it and shipped it over to Berlin in Germany where it was for years.
 So you could go and visit Rosa Parks's house, which was not one of her main houses, but
 somewhere she spent a lot of time.
 I think her brother lived in it and owned it.
 She sent it.
 She rented it out as an Airbnb for the summer.
 Yeah.
 You make it sound like she was more of a property lady than anything else Rosa Parks.
 But then why she was getting the bus to and from, of course, it was just to check on the
 property portfolio.
 But she, so it was been in Berlin for ages and then America requested that it be sent
 back for an exhibition.
 So it went back to America, was shown there and then brought back over to Europe.
 It's very dicey all this moving stuff around, I'm not sure why I feel about it.
 Yeah.
 It's like they're about to move the bio tapestry over here.
 How they?
 Yeah, we're going to get it back.
 That's good.
 Briefly.
 I feel like tapestries are easier to move around than houses.
 You would think so.
 They are having the devil of a time.
 They are.
 Obviously it's so old.
 And they're terribly worried that any movement of more than two millimeters and it'll just
 fall apart.
 And it'll be incredibly embarrassing if they open it up at the other end and it's been
 damaged in transit.
 So they're making a dummy 900-year-old tapestry rolling it up and doing the journey
 with that in this ultra buffered thing because of pot holes and things, right, and vibrations
 in the road.
 Oh, it's going to be, it's going to be a nightmare.
 I wouldn't mind.
 It would be easier just to move everyone who wants to see it to France.
 100%.
 Absolutely.
 I can move up and down two millimeters.
 I'm fine.
 Have you ever seen it?
 Yeah.
 Me neither.
 No, I haven't actually.
 Oh.
 Oh, Dan's wondering.
 Was it shown in the British library a while ago?
 It was not.
 It's been in bio for 800 years.
 I think I'm going to say no, then.
 I would say no on account of the fact I'm not 100% certain where the hell is.
 Um, here's another fact.
 Yeah.
 From Morton Fading.
 What's the great name?
 Yeah.
 I suspect it might be Norwegian.
 Morton.
 Like Morton Huckett from Arha.
 Is Morton Huckett Norwegian?
 Yes.
 There we go.
 But Morton writes, the most famous traitor in Norwegian history was named famous traitor.
 Was that not?
 Is it quizzling?
 So it's a guy called Vidcon Quizzling who was the head of the puppet government in Norway
 in the second world war after the Nazis invaded.
 And basically, for a very long time, I didn't know what the puppet government meant.
 And I took it to mean the other version of what that is.
 What's that?
 Why don't you take over Greenland?
 Oh, wow.
 That's really funny.
 Yeah.
 Well, he was the head of that.
 Um, and he was a, you know, big ol' collaborator.
 Anyway, quizzling has become a byword for being a traitor.
 In English.
 English and in Norwegian and basically Vidcon, which is his first name, is a Norse name,
 which means widely known.
 Oh.
 So Vidcon quizzling literally means famous traitor.
 Oh, yeah.
 He's a famous traitor.
 That's good.
 He's a, yeah.
 He was the first Norwegian executed by the state in 75 years.
 I'll see.
 They didn't do it, but they did bring that out of retirement for him.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 After the war.
 So bad news.
 We're going to execute you.
 Good news.
 You're going to be a very interesting fact.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He tried.
 Also, I did a bit more reading up on him.
 He tried to do the world's first ever radio coup d'état.
 Interesting.
 Oh, yeah.
 So you go in and you just do a radio broadcast saying, we control everything now.
 Well, quite often you would see a coup d'état in, let's say, in Africa or something.
 Yeah.
 And the first thing you really see is the army either side of the former president saying,
 we're in charge now.
 Completely.
 So you can kind of see where they're coming from.
 Broadcast is absolutely essential.
 You've got to see the means of communication.
 Yeah.
 The supposed problem with radio is people can't see whether or not you're holding their
 president at gunpoint at that stage.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 You have to do very good folly to make them believe what's happening.
 Yeah.
 We're in charge.
 Yeah.
 You can do that these days, of course, because there are too many podcasts.
 It's very hard to seize all the podcasts at the same time.
 Interesting.
 You could buy an inserted ad.
 And if you use the offer code fish, you can also take over nearby islands.
 Here's one from Kate Boyle.
 Kate says, "Botulism cures anal fishes."
 Oh, gosh.
 Okay.
 Portulism is bad.
 In large doses, it's very bad.
 Even in quite small doses, it's very bad.
 It's the most poisonous thing, basic.
 Is it related to Botox?
 It's so related that they're exactly the same thing.
 I understand.
 But you put my new amounts of botulism into your wrinkles.
 Right.
 And it paralyzes your skin and it removes the wrinkles.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, botulism is the most poisonous thing you can get.
 And because it stops muscle from spasming, it's used to help anal fishes as well as migraines,
 excessive sweating, overactive bladders, and cerebral palsy.
 Gosh.
 Okay.
 That's pretty good.
 Useful stuff.
 2023 study that I had in my files looked at the brain scans of people who had Botox and
 said that they have different brain activity than the rest of us when they look at happy
 and angry faces.
 And that's because when you see someone happy, you kind of mimic their face and it makes
 you feel more happy, but they can't mimic their faces because they don't have so much Botox
 in their heads.
 That's so funny.
 So it makes you less happy.
 Or it makes you less sad.
 It makes you less sad.
 Yeah.
 Do poker players secretly get Botox?
 I would be surprised if they didn't.
 Yeah.
 Because you're always looking for the tiniest little help in poker.
 Yeah.
 Can you Botox away your tail, if it's say like a little twitch in your eye?
 Absolutely.
 How much of you are allowed to… because they were shades, don't they?
 Or sometimes.
 Many of them do.
 Yeah.
 Do you like to work like a mask?
 I do.
 Do you like to sit in a bin?
 Like a little eyehole cut out.
 You can play online.
 Good.
 That's pretty good.
 Yes.
 You see my home set up.
 I see.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 That's wonderful.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I go on here.
 It's from Mark Vent, who I know.
 I know Mark Vent.
 He is.
 Yeah.
 He has written in saying in Oxford, there's a building where the weather forecast could
 honestly read between -269 degrees and +150 million degrees.
 This is Columns Fusion Reactor, which produces plasma hotter than the sun.
 And it's right next to a machine that is colder than deep space.
 So yeah.
 Why is that useful for them to be next to each other?
 No.
 Well, you're building that's dealing in - Could be.
 Oh, do you mean, do they need to be just to add a heat out of one space, and that probably
 helps you get up towards 150 million degrees in the other space?
 It could very well be.
 It's possible it could work that way.
 It's like how it's hot sometimes next to the fridge.
 Behind your fridge.
 Behind your fridge.
 Exactly.
 So that's probably what this is.
 That's what this is.
 They probably didn't even mean to create the fusion reactor, because it was so bloody
 warm next to this.
 But we should use this.
 This is just an unusable fridge, which went too far in its coldness of heat.
 Is there a position between those two places where it's just right?
 Oh.
 There must be a bit where you stand there and it's perfect, but you've got to keep rotating.
 Yes.
 Like a rotisserie ticket.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, very cool.
 Very cool.
 Very cool.
 Add very hot.
 Lovely.
 All right.
 Those are your facts.
 But now let's have some of our facts, because what we're going to do now is everyone who
 has joined Club Fish, our members club, at the friend of the podcast here, gets one
 of our headline facts given to them in perpetuity to love and care for with a certificate.
 It's great fun.
 If you want to check it out, go to patreon.com/no such thing as a fish.
 You can see all the stuff we've got there, ad free episodes, lots of bonus content, and
 friends of the podcast certificates.
 So let's dish out some facts now.
 Who wants to go first?
 I can do that.
 Yeah.
 This is a fact that now belongs to Dave Chronister.
 Dave, this is a fact from episode 25, rats wearing polyester pants can't get a
 direction.
 Very nice.
 Not if you're a rat.
 Yeah, bad.
 Bad.
 Is it polyester?
 Is it the polyester?
 Is it the, like, as opposed to linen?
 I think this was, yeah.
 Obviously, right in linen, little linen trousers will be very sexy.
 It's silk.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 I think this was research that we got from Mary Roach.
 I think she wrote in a book of hers.
 She might want to.
 Was it fun?
 I think it was bonk, and I think she went and she visited.
 Yeah.
 It's a wonderful book.
 I mean, she's one of our favourite writers.
 That's the rat Taylor, didn't she?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 That's a great fact.
 Okay.
 Here's another one.
 This is now under the custodianship of Tom Watson and Tom, this is your fact during the
 First World War, entertainment for the troops included pillow fights, wheelbarrow races
 and wrestling on the backs of mules.
 It does feel like it sounds fun.
 It does.
 Andrew Hunter Murray.
 You were the one who said this the first time, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 Well, I can remember every word of the fact itself, because we've got a list of them in
 front of us.
 I don't remember the pillow fights.
 I have just finished today reading Journey's End, which is an absolutely classic play set in
 the First World War by someone who'd been through the First World War.
 And there is not a pillow fight to be seen.
 I'll tell you that.
 He very much edited that out.
 Right.
 His mise en scène.
 I'll dish one out.
 Yeah.
 This one goes to Matthew Acorn.
 It's that the atmosphere in Venus is so hot that if you took a pizza out of the
 freezer there, it would cook in three seconds.
 You could do that in Oxford in the building.
 Take it out of the special minus 269 degree freezer.
 Yeah.
 Frisbee it across.
 By the time it lands perfect.
 Perfect.
 Lovely.
 Yeah, that was my fight.
 I don't remember much about it, apart from I don't think I worked it out myself.
 I think it was something I read elsewhere.
 Oh, that was before you went on your 10-year binge of creation effects.
 But I think the idea was it would cook it, but it would be very crispy on the outside,
 and perhaps not exactly frozen on the inside.
 Yeah.
 But like if I do a barbecue for it's...
 You really want to give it five seconds, don't you?
 That's of another one.
 Okay.
 Here's another fact.
 And this is going to Melanie Young.
 Melanie, this was one of my facts from episode 25 in Iceland.
 There is a phone app which tells you whether you're related to the person you're hitting
 on.
 It's an interesting one because there have been debunks of that.
 Yeah.
 But I think that it did exist.
 But I don't think it was like something you could buy in the app store or anything like
 that.
 Oh.
 Basically, Iceland got all of this data and made it available online so that anyone could
 use it.
 And some people as a project came up with this idea.
 And they did actually make the app, but it wasn't commercially available.
 Oh, well, there we go.
 Well, it had a motto that went along with it, which was bump phones before you're bumping
 in bed and quite a nice idea because it is a small-ish population over there.
 Yeah.
 You probably know if some of your cousins, though.
 Would you?
 Of course.
 You guys didn't know your cousins?
 It's worried not your cousins.
 You guys don't know that your cousins?
 Oh, God.
 And I saw you kissing.
 Oh, no.
 Oh, no.
 No, no.
 No, I know what you mean.
 I was like, you'll know your immediate family and anyone who's more than a few cousins
 away, I think, is a fake agent.
 Oh, wow.
 Okay.
 But it's in plot twist.
 Isn't people used to marry their first cousins all the time?
 Yeah.
 And sometimes people still do.
 And it's like, it's, you know, it's nobody's business.
 Yeah.
 But I think there are more people who are second or third cousins that they don't necessarily
 know about in Iceland than they might be in another country because of the small population.
 And because no one really goes in and out very much.
 I don't know.
 The problem is they're going in and out, isn't it?
 But yeah, like the people who have lived there for many generations.
 Right.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Here is a fact.
 And this was a fact given to us by Simon Rich, the author.
 Simon Rich?
 Yeah.
 So he was a writer for SNL.
 I think he was possibly the youngest writer that they ever had.
 And he's a brilliant short fiction writer.
 He writes a lot for the New Yorker in America.
 Yes, very funny.
 Very good.
 And the custodian of this fact is also writer Galen, presumably the ancient Greek physician.
 That's what it seems like.
 I don't know.
 And it is that we've been told that this person is called Galen, whether that's a non-duplume
 or whether that's your actual name I don't know.
 But it doesn't matter because your fact forever in your possession now is that Coco, the
 guerrilla who knows sign language, has owned and cared for three cats over her life.
 Did she look after them well?
 I think she did.
 Did she eat the cats?
 Did she eat the cats?
 Is all I'm trying to say.
 I'm not sure.
 No, I don't know.
 I think she looked after them.
 If Coco, if you were looking after Coco and you gave her a cat as she ate it, you might
 not give her another one.
 No, you think she's full up?
 That's fine.
 This is the perfect time to give her a cat, which is just finished.
 Even if she's sign language is saying please can I have another cat?
 I probably was sign language now.
 You know what Pester Power is like.
 I mean, people, you know, and once you've got one cat, you often get another one, don't
 you?
 Yes, very morish.
 Yeah.
 Well, congratulations, Galen.
 This one goes out to Irene Villatorra.
 Irene, congratulations because your fact forever is now.
 See if you can guess who said this one Irene.
 Here it is.
 It's easier to escape a female Yeti than a male Yeti because females have such long dangling
 boobs.
 They have to throw them over their shoulder before chasing in case they trip.
 You know what, Dan, I don't remember in the early days you having such wacky facts literally
 every week.
 Yeah.
 I thought that you mostly had straight one.
 I think we were enjoying the playground of these in the early days.
 Yeah.
 No, listening.
 It didn't matter.
 Yeah.
 And then the feedback started coming in and we moved on.
 No, this is, this is almost a sort of classic fact of the show in that it's been brought
 up in live shows and kind of occasionally makes a return.
 I made an interesting discovery recently, a sort of update on this, which is that it
 is, and I should say this is, this is, this is a fact with air quotes going around it.
 It is believed by, it is a fact within the world of people who believe in Yeti.
 Yes.
 It's an interesting thing for them.
 That's a reality.
 It's a fact in their world.
 So this is when you were being chased downhill.
 It's easier to escape a female Yeti.
 What I discovered recently is that according to these same experts, it's easier to escape
 a male Yeti when they're running uphill because they have such long dangling testicles
 that they will bang on the rocks as they're running up and fall over and talk of your
 - I'm like Dave, Dave, Dave, the Dyson dog. - It's a Sack Dog.
 - Do you still have a make it to a show?
 - Oh, it did. - I did, yeah, yeah.
 - Yes, I like Dave, the sausage dog,
 who was the dog of the producer of the new Lily Allen album.
 - Oh, wow, bringing it back to Lily. - Yeah.
 - She probably could have afforded a different producer
 as she'd have got all that bit of money.
 She could have bought that dog a golden posing pouch.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, how are we gonna do a couple more of these?
 - I think let's do only a couple, though.
 - Okay, so this one, if I wasn't sure whether Gaelin
 was the real name of the last person,
 I suspect even more that this might be a non-duplume.
 But the next fact goes to someone called Smoky Big Spliff.
 - Oh, fantastic. - Smoky.
 Your fact is that the Karma Sutra suggests 64 arts
 to practice alongside sex, including solving word puzzles,
 teaching birds how to talk, tattooing, making beds,
 and playing musical glasses filled with water.
 - That's very nice. - That's so good.
 - Some of those might be nice if you've also just
 Smoky the Big Spliff.
 - I presume? (laughing)
 - I don't know about word puzzles.
 That feels like slightly high effort for that.
 But playing musical glasses filled with water,
 you could probably spend hours doing that.
 - I feel like I've never been to one of those parties,
 but I imagine that's what they're doing.
 (laughing)
 - I love that fact.
 - That's a great fact.
 The Karma Sutra, that was one of your streams.
 - Yeah.
 - Were you working your way through it the time, weren't you?
 - It was, yeah, I'm still up to the third one.
 (laughing)
 - Skip one and two.
 (laughing)
 - Your pitch and physical for me.
 (laughing)
 - Oh, that's very nice.
 Do you have one last one?
 - Yeah.
 - Is this one, it goes out to Courtney V.
 Congratulations, Courtney, your fact is now that,
 at any given moment, there are more than 15 trillion
 tons of water above the earth.
 - Fantastic.
 - Clowns. - Clowns.
 - Clowns. - Clowns.
 - Clowns. - Clowns.
 - Clowns. - Clowns.
 - Clowns exist. - Clowns exist.
 (laughing)
 - It's more about the fact that someone added up
 all the clouds, isn't it?
 Like, that's pretty cool.
 - It doesn't fully make sense to me.
 (laughing)
 - I think there are different ways of counting.
 - Yeah. - Like, it's,
 I think you can extrapolate in these situations.
 - I think you'd have to in this case, yeah.
 - Because the thing is, they do move.
 - Yeah.
 - Oh yeah. - And they do empty.
 - Yeah, when they refill.
 - They've not got a list of, like,
 the one that looks like a giraffe.
 (laughing)
 - The one that looks like Mother Teresa.
 (laughing)
 - So, congratulations, Courtney.
 Congratulations to everyone who's just been awarded a fact.
 I'm saying, Courtney V, Smokey Big Spliff, Irene Villatora,
 Galen, Melanie Young, Matthew, Tom, and Dave.
 Congratulations to all of you.
 I hope you enjoy those facts.
 If you would like to get your own fact dedicated to you,
 just go to patreon.com/nosuchthingasofish
 and join at the friend of the podcast here,
 or join at one of the other tiers
 where you can still get and free episodes,
 lots of bonus content, and much, much more.
 That's it for this little fish.
 We'll see you again in a few days for another big fish.
 Bye for now.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
