 (upbeat music)
 - Hi everyone, welcome to another very, very special episode
 of "Noses Think As A Fish"
 where we showcase four more comedians
 who are currently at the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
 So who do we have for you this week?
 Fact number one will come from Elf Lyons.
 Elf is a brilliant comedian.
 You will hear from her fact that she is very much
 into the clowning style of comedy.
 Her shows have been so well received over the years.
 At last year's Edinburgh Fringe she won the best show,
 that's by the ISH or the Ish Comedy Awards.
 She also won the Comedians Choice Award
 and she'll be up there this year with three different shows.
 So plenty for you to choose from
 if you'd like to hear more of Elf.
 Fact number two will be from Ray O'Leary.
 Ray is a really good friend of ours.
 He is a New Zealand comedian.
 He's often seen on Australian television as well.
 A TV show over there called "Have You Been Paying Attention?"
 He's a regular on there,
 but he's also been on "Tastmaster New Zealand."
 He's a fantastic comedian.
 He's got such an amazing deadpan humour,
 but really smart as well.
 I know you're gonna love him.
 Fact number three comes from Andrew O'Neill.
 Andrew is an extremely prolific stand-up comedian,
 done so many shows over the years.
 Also musician, also best-selling writer.
 They wrote a book called "The History of Heavy Metal."
 Again, someone who we've known for many, many years
 and really wanted to get on some podcasts for a long time.
 So I was delighted when they said yes.
 And finally, fact number four will come from Ahir Shah.
 Now Ahir, he's been nominated a few times, Reddabra,
 and he finally won it in 2023.
 He's a brilliant, brilliant comedian.
 We're all massive fans at QI,
 and of course he has done QI and all of the paddle shows.
 So I'm sure you will be well familiar with him.
 But anyway, that's four incredible comedians,
 all of whom are currently slogging away
 at the Edinburgh Festival.
 So if you are going up there, then please do check them out.
 And if you're not going to Edinburgh,
 then like I said last week,
 go and find these people on social media,
 check out all the work that they're doing
 because they come highly, highly recommended from us.
 Anyway, that's enough of me talking about, I guess,
 why don't you hear what they have to say
 when I say, on with the podcast.
 (upbeat music)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 Hello, and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast this week coming to you
 from eight undisclosed locations around the world.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray,
 James Harkin, Anna Tyshinski,
 and four very, very special guests.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days,
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is, Elf Lions.
 - The great clown teacher, Philip Golia,
 is so known for his negative feedback
 that his former students created a Facebook page
 purely to log all the many ways he's insulted them.
 The page is called, Philip Golia hit me with a stick.
 - I mean, this is a very, very famous clown teacher,
 isn't it, Philip Golia?
 And you've met him, haven't you, Elf?
 - Yeah, I trained with him, and I still remember
 I came on stage.
 I think I was performing the Cyclops in Greek tragedy,
 and he went, "Who would you like to make love to?"
 And then I picked a boy called Oliver,
 and he was like, "Oliver, take her to the shower."
 And then I got covered in ice water and then brought back
 and he's like, "Oliver, hit her with a stick."
 And then kiss her on the cheek, and then sing,
 and then say the text.
 And I would start saying text like so speaking,
 he drew the sharp sword, hung long and heavy on his side,
 "And hit her with a stick.
 Ow, put more water on her.
 Not bad, goodbye."
 And then I'd have to go and sit in the class,
 still covered in water.
 And that wasn't even the weirdest thing that happened.
 - So has Philip Gallier asked someone else
 to hit me with a stick, in your case?
 - Yeah, it was just so silly.
 Like, I think people's concept,
 if you haven't trained with him,
 is that you're just being emotionally abused.
 But like, it's emotional abuse
 in like a really fun clown way.
 - Is it, 'cause it sounds to me like being a clown teacher
 is one of the last remaining ways
 you can get away with a lot of shit and not get sucked for it.
 - It sounds like an HR nightmare,
 is the phrase that keeps on cropping up with me.
 - Yeah, I think safeguarding is something
 that's still being learned in the clowning community,
 I would argue.
 But you know what, we had good times.
 We had good times.
 He was cheeky.
 I mean, he just called me asparagus or wobbly giraffe.
 Look at this wobbly giraffe with our wobbly body.
 - Again, I'm afraid to say, Elf,
 that is a tribunal waiting to happen.
 Wobbly giraffe woman wins three million pounds
 from elderly French clown.
 - I think it's why I've coped so well
 in the comedy industry, to be honest.
 Because if I ever got heckled at the comedy store,
 I'm like, you're not a sure old man in France telling me,
 would we wish she was on a plane to Malaysian Airlines?
 - Which was one that I got frequently.
 - Right, have you contributed to the Facebook page,
 the insults?
 - I think I must have done about 10 years ago.
 - Yeah, 'cause this was set up in 2007.
 The about section says,
 "We are all variously insulted by Philippe Goliere
 in various cities at various times.
 Did he call you a toilet, a cretin?
 When joining this group, please share an insult
 you received from him, adios."
 And yeah, people would put things like,
 "You sound like overcooked spaghetti in a pressure cooker."
 They will sound like they're not hugely harmful,
 but I have spoken to a few other people
 who studied under him.
 My friend, Sam, did.
 And she said she was so badly insulted by him.
 He talked about how dead her eyes were,
 that it was more dead than a family pet
 that had not only died, but been buried into the back garden
 that took ages to shovel and left for years and years.
 And then a fountain's been built on it.
 And then you go back and you dig it all up
 and you take the pet back out and you look at his eyes.
 Her eyes are more dead than that, animals.
 Like he did it for like five minutes on stage,
 but she now runs clowns without borders UK.
 So she went into it.
 - And I bet her eyes are great.
 Can I ask what the idea is?
 As someone who hasn't done clowning,
 what's the idea behind being like incessantly
 and absurdly insulted?
 Does it make you more funny and clowny?
 - I think, do you know what it is?
 It's about realizing that you can never
 disguise anything about yourself.
 You have to come on stage so full of pleasure
 in your body and who you are.
 Because if you try and conceal or hide
 what you look like, the audience are gonna notice it.
 And also getting rid of the pride and the ego.
 But it's so funny.
 That's the thing.
 Everybody's laughing.
 And I remember once there was someone dressed as a gnome
 and she was so bad, she was so not funny.
 And he was like, "You hate me, don't you?"
 And she was like, "Yeah, I do."
 And he's like, "How much do you hate me?"
 And she was as a little gnome.
 She was like, "I hate you fucking hate you, Philippe."
 He's like, "Yeah, you tell me how much you hate me.
 How much you hate my face."
 - And she started getting really angry at him.
 And it was the funniest thing.
 Watching this like 50 year old woman dressed as a gnome
 in Swedish shouting at this French man.
 He's like, "Yes, you tell me how much you hate my guts."
 So it's just, I think it's one of those things.
 It's all context related.
 And I do genuinely, you could say there's a lot
 of HR issues, but it is about the environment.
 And Philippe was pretty, if there were any issues
 in the village, there was a village flasher
 who would just flash his penis
 whilst we were all running.
 And Philippe, likewise, this has got to stop you.
 Cannot all keep getting flashed to you.
 And that'd be funny on stage.
 I will call the mayor and rang the mayor
 to sort out the flasher in the park.
 - Was he sorted out?
 - I think he was actually.
 - Is that what it takes to sort out a flasher?
 You need to tell the mayor
 that it's ruining clown school.
 - Yeah, I mean, clown cop is an impressive premise
 for a TV show.
 - Oh God, from the makers of Tiberius Cop comes clown cop.
 - So they sort of torturing people among clowns
 does seem to be part of their modus operandi.
 There's also a thing in America
 where you can hire clowns to terrify your children.
 And I actually don't,
 this certainly was happening about eight or nine years ago.
 I can't say it happening now,
 but there's wrinkles the clown in Florida.
 Do you guys know him?
 - Don't like the sound of wrinkles.
 - He hires himself out to parents
 who want to petrify their children who are misbehaving.
 And he does things like,
 like one mother hired him to stand a bus stop
 and stare at her 12 year old
 until he freaked out so much
 and started crying in front of his friends and ran home.
 - I'm sorry, any child
 whose parents have hired wrinkles,
 the clown needs to be taken into care
 a face of immediately.
 - It's quite weird, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 There's another one called Dominic the Devil
 who stalks, I mean, it does sound bad,
 who stalked victims for weeks,
 sending them chilling text messages
 and making prank phone calls
 and sort of posting them notes,
 warning them they're being watched.
 And then eventually after weeks,
 he'll smash a cake in their face.
 - That's noncy.
 Sorry, that's noncy.
 - Well, whatever makes you could do their homework,
 I think is the thinking.
 - These guys have strayed quite far
 from the joy ethos that the clowning apparently has.
 - I always wonder what the link with scary clowns is,
 there's the bouffon clown.
 So if you imagine the clown that we think of,
 the playful circus clown has puppy eyes,
 very innocent, the inner child,
 then you've got the bouffon,
 which has animal eyes, fox eyes.
 And there's this myth that the bouffon
 were the untouchables in the medieval period
 and they lived outside of the town
 and they lived in the swamps.
 And it was everyone who was not respected in that time.
 And then there was one day of the year,
 the day of the bouffon where they could go
 and blaspheme against God and say F you to the king
 and they could exaggerate their bodies
 to look like those were in charge
 and basically stick a finger up to the power.
 And Sasha Baron Cohen's borat
 sort of originates from bouffon.
 But it's like the dark clown, it's really smart.
 It's not foolish, there's like an acidic twist to it.
 - And that's not where clown terror comes from, I think maybe.
 'Cause do you remember how insane it was in 2016
 when that's a new story for about a month of clown terror?
 Which is weird 'cause at the end of that year,
 Donald Trump was elected, wasn't he?
 So you never know, maybe it was a weird precedent.
 - Dan, earlier you mentioned clowns without borders
 and they're an amazing group.
 They go to the worst places in the world,
 like famine zones and war zones
 and they entertain children.
 And there was a peace run in the Washington Post
 this July, headlined, Donald Trump is not a clown.
 I should know.
 And it was by Tim Cunningham
 who was the president of Clowns Without Borders.
 And he was saying, our joyful work
 has been diminished into an insult.
 Every election season, the word clown resurfaces
 to compare Washington politics to a circus.
 And he was incredibly angry about this.
 Clown is used by almost everyone
 to belittle those seen as foolish or incompetent.
 The more we mistreat the word,
 the more we lose understanding of a sacred art form.
 And like, yes, but who's this clown?
 It's just a standard.
 - It's just such a good line, isn't it?
 And if anyone, by the way,
 just a quick shout out for Clowns Without Borders.
 If anyone has any spare money, please donate it to them
 because they do incredible things.
 They go into war-torn areas
 and they look after refugee children
 who just need a smile on their face.
 They're really awesome.
 You mentioned Sasha Baron Cohen before, Elf.
 And he was a Gollier student, wasn't he?
 - He was indeed.
 So many, so many people in the world of entertainment
 like Emma Thompson, Helena Bonham Carter, Rachel Weiss,
 Jeffrey Rush, all studied underneath him.
 So he's had like a huge impact in our general culture.
 But in movies as well,
 Anna, we were just talking about
 how parents hire freaky clowns to stalk their kids.
 This is something that also gets used in movies,
 most famously in Close Encounters of the Third Kind.
 Spielberg had a little boy who was his first acting role
 and he needed to get this emotion out of him
 when he was scared by seeing aliens outside a window.
 And behind the window, as he approached it,
 a sort of blind went down
 and there was a terrifying clown standing there.
 Absolutely freaked him out.
 Yeah, and then another blind went down
 and there was someone dressed as a gorilla.
 So this kid just absolutely flipped out
 and it was just- - What is going on?
 - It was two of the crew who-
 - And what's he trying to achieve with this kid?
 - He wanted a motion of being scared.
 - He needed a shot of someone
 wetting themselves in terror, apparently.
 - Gaila Liberté, are you familiar with the name Gaila Liberté?
 - I possibly am, but I probably never pronounced it
 as beautifully as you did, 'cause my dyslexia means
 I pronounce everything like it's going through chat GBT.
 But tell me.
 - Well, he's one of very few clowns
 to have become a billionaire.
 - Wow.
 - So he is one of the co-founders of Cirque du Soleil.
 - Okay.
 - He's been a stilt walker and a fire eater before,
 before founding this incredibly successful
 global corporation of brilliant shows.
 And in 2009, he became the first ever clown in space.
 He went to the International Space Station.
 - Trest as a clown.
 - We don't do anything to get taken seriously.
 I'm sorry, like, everyone, how Adam and everyone is
 in the clowning profession to be taken seriously.
 We do such stupid things.
 - He did a little like clowning.
 There's a picture of him in his space suit with a nose on.
 And, you know, made the astronauts laugh a bit.
 He was up there partly to make a speech
 about the importance of clean water accessibility.
 That was the thing.
 Anyway, the real punchline is that he paid $41 million
 to go and he was a billionaire by this point.
 So he had a huge amount of money to spend.
 But the funniest joke of all he made was that he claimed
 the trip was a work expense and that therefore
 he should not have to pay any tax on the $41 million
 he'd spent going to space.
 This was litigated for 10 years in the Canadian courts.
 And eventually, and I think about 2020,
 the Canadian Federal Court of Appeals ruled
 that it was a personal trip he was making
 and he would have to pay tax on that.
 But I think that's a very funny joke.
 - I can't believe you're allowed to just go,
 he went to the ISS to do that.
 I thought only astronauts.
 - He cleared it with them first.
 Like, he didn't turn up outside the ISS
 just knocking on the hatch.
 - How do you stow away in a rocket?
 - There's massive shoes are poking out
 from beneath the curtains on the...
 - Oh, we had a very cool clown connection
 with no such thing as a fish, by the way,
 that happened on our Australia New Zealand tour.
 So we did a fact about clowns ages ago
 that in New Zealand, a man was made redundant.
 And there's this idea that if you're made redundant,
 you can bring someone along with you to the meeting
 so that you have a bit of support.
 And I can see you clapping, Alf.
 I have a feeling you might know this person as well.
 - I do know this.
 - A comedian called Joshua Jack,
 whose real name is Josh Thompson.
 Josh Thompson hired a clown to come with him
 for this resundancy meeting.
 And while the person was saying,
 we think, you know, unfortunately,
 we're gonna have to let you go.
 The clowns are going,
 "Oh boo-hoo," and, you know, doing all the clowny stuff.
 Anyway, we're in Australia
 and we have a drink post Melbourne show with Ray O'Leary,
 who is part of these Edinburgh showcase shows
 that we're doing with fish.
 And he says, "This is my friend, his name's Josh Thompson.
 He was the guy who hired the clown.
 We got pissed with the man who was a fact
 on no such thing as a fish, our greatest strings."
 - Yeah.
 Hey, by the way, I found a clown school
 where no one who has left that school
 as far as I can tell has gone on to become a clown.
 So it turns out there's a town in the UK called Clown.
 C-L-O-W-N-E.
 And Clown Junior High is a school, right?
 And I searched so hard.
 I couldn't find any clowns who live in Clown.
 They have a population of 7,000,
 except I found one guy whose name is Chris Carter,
 who started filming a bunch of horror movies
 where he dresses as a clown.
 And walks the streets.
 But he got caught up as a clown in Clown
 by the 2016 Clown Fear.
 And he had to tell police
 anytime he was going out in his clown gear,
 otherwise he was gonna be arrested.
 - No, was that the policy and the police?
 Every time you put a red nose on?
 - Well, it was just that month, as you say,
 that crazy month.
 - Yeah.
 - It made it all the way to the UK town of Clown.
 - It was so ridiculous.
 'Cause I think it was confected by journalists
 mostly surely, 'cause people aren't that insane.
 But it did affect things then.
 There was a Clown Lives Matter march
 that had to be canceled.
 So, no wonder no one takes it.
 Seriously.
 - I can't get over the headline.
 Clown's complaining they're not being taken seriously.
 It's just wonderful.
 - Why are you necking?
 I, when I was a teacher and we did World Book Day
 and all the teachers had to dress up
 and I full on dressed up as Pennywise the Clown.
 It was the one day.
 I had no issues with discipline.
 Those kids behaved themselves.
 I got latex, I got some fake blood.
 I reenacted the shining as an immersive film experience
 in the classroom.
 We went to town that day.
 And I'm no longer a teacher
 'cause the children thought that 'cause I was too scared.
 - We do need to wrap up.
 So, Elf, you're gonna be up at the fringe doing
 quite a sort of exciting three shows, right?
 - Yeah.
 I'm redoing all, I'm doing my bird trilogy.
 So I'm doing Swan, which is a one woman production
 of Swan Lake in an hour in French-ish.
 And then Chiff Chaff, which is a one woman musical
 about the economy.
 And then Raven, which is my one woman reenactment
 of all Stephen King's books.
 And they're all Clown, Mime, Buffon shows
 that make my agent's job of getting me on television
 so difficult.
 She's like, please just do a straight standup show.
 And then I was like, I'm gonna make a show
 where I pretend to be a horse.
 And she's just started crying, going,
 I want to earn enough money to buy a house.
 Please just do something relatable
 so I can pitch you to Taskmaster.
 - Where are you gonna be, Elf?
 Where you playing?
 - I'm playing in the King Dome at the Pleasants
 for the final two weeks of the fringe.
 So Swan one day, Chiff after next, Raven the day after.
 So you can go and see all three in a row
 and just see just how mad I am.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is Ray O'Leary.
 - And my fact is, in the 1820s,
 philosopher Arthur Schopenhauer hated his contemporary Hagel
 so much he intentionally scheduled his lectures
 at the same time as Hagel's and had zero people attend.
 - What a backfire.
 It's terrible backfire.
 Yeah, so apparently this was at the University of Berlin
 and Schopenhauer, he taught a few semesters there.
 And apparently he never had more than five students
 sign up to attend.
 Meanwhile, I think Hagel was getting in the hundreds
 because at the time he was the chair of philosophy
 at the University of Berlin.
 So he was sort of like the Taylor Swift
 of German philosophical idealism.
 So it was naturally.
 I actually call Taylor Swift the Hagel of pop music.
 (laughing)
 So do you know a lot about philosophy, Ray,
 because these are pretty new names to me
 and probably a lot of people listening.
 - Yes, I do know a bit about philosophy.
 Interestingly, this is not the area of philosophy
 I know the most about, but I was always drawn
 to Arthur Schopenhauer 'cause he was sort of
 just such a miserable man.
 He was just sort of quite a cantankerous,
 horrible old man.
 That was so interesting to me.
 The more you read about him, the more you're like,
 "Oh, there's almost nothing redeemable about him
 as a person."
 - Sorry, can I just stop you there, Ray?
 Because before we came on mic,
 I was saying how much Andy reminds me of him.
 - Okay, okay, I like to think of myself
 as a cantankerous, miserable young man, all right?
 - Also, I think he's quite a nice man.
 Actually, he's quite handsome now that I think about it.
 - Yeah, yeah, thank you very much, Ray.
 But this story, it's from a time when Hagel
 was the most famous philosopher in the German-speaking world.
 And Schopenhauer was just some punk kid.
 You know, he was in his 20s, I think,
 or maybe, no, maybe early 30s, but he was young.
 And it was him who wanted the rivalry.
 Like, Hagel made no reference ever in his life
 to Schopenhauer.
 Schopenhauer is constantly writing about
 how much he hates Hagel.
 And it was all about his main work,
 the world as Will and representation.
 It was about his magnum opus.
 - Yeah, it's so-- - And no one, no one cares.
 When you read about him on page, to me,
 it's like reading a biography of Larry David.
 Like, he tries all these little schemes.
 And I wonder if maybe in real life, it was funnier.
 'Cause if you read Curb Your Enthusiasm on page,
 that's not funny.
 That's a contankerous, horrible, repulsive man, right?
 But in real life, he's amazing.
 He largely drew his philosophy from Eastern religion, right?
 Like, so Buddhism and so on.
 And so in his apartment in Frankfurt,
 he had a large black lacquered bronze statue
 of the Buddha sitting there.
 And he told a friend that he positioned it
 so that every morning,
 when the morning sun came through the window,
 it would bounce off it and put an annoying beam of light
 into the apartment across from him,
 which belonged to a pastor who he didn't like,
 just so it would piss him off every day.
 That's Larry David.
 - Really, you wouldn't wanna live next star
 to Schopenhauer, would you?
 One of the things he hated was noise.
 You can imagine, if you had a little party,
 even if you finished it by 9 p.m.,
 he'd be round banging on the door.
 - Yeah, do you know what?
 People need their sleep.
 Some people go to bed nice and early.
 - You know what, Andy?
 I know that you don't like loud noise very much
 and loud music and stuff.
 Schopenhauer once said,
 "The amount of noise which anyone can bear undisturbed
 "stands in inverse proportion to his mental capacity."
 - That makes me the cleverest man alive, I think.
 If I've understood it.
 - I've never been round to Andy's place,
 but I'm imagining that sort of a series of statues
 carefully positioned so the sun ricochets around
 until it hits all the enemy's eye.
 (laughing)
 - But he's clearly unbelievably,
 reading about actually both of these guys,
 Hegel and Schopenhauer,
 you just think these people are so unbelievably clever.
 And the beef was kind of because Hegel's view of the world
 was that humanity had arrived
 at the age of self-consciousness.
 He had this big lecture about the world history,
 which he claimed that Europe is the absolute end of history.
 The spirit of the world was the zeitgeist in it.
 It was reaching its perfect final form.
 Everything was getting better.
 And Schopenhauer rejected that.
 Hegel was basically, "Things can only get better."
 And Schopenhauer said, "We're not becoming anything.
 "We remain the same.
 "We go in these big historical cycles."
 - It was, I mean, really basically,
 it's like optimism versus pessimism, wasn't it?
 Hegel was very much sunlight and rainbows and unicorns
 and Schopenhauer was, "I fucking hate unicorns."
 - Yeah, yeah.
 Which team are you on, Ray?
 If you had the option of those two lectures,
 you know, your time traveled back to there.
 - I think my inkling is to go towards Schopenhauer,
 but I really would not want him
 to have somebody at his lecture.
 I think then, I don't,
 I basically want to preserve his loser status.
 I think it would corrupt his whole legacy
 if people were actually paying attention to him at the time.
 - I think Hegel's lectures were not the most fun.
 I think he was very difficult to understand.
 His students said that every third sentence
 he said began with "therefore."
 So you can imagine this sort of German lecturer going,
 "Therefore, therefore, therefore."
 - Yes, I was gonna say,
 I think one of the reasons Schopenhauer hated Hegel
 was for his dense way of writing
 and he was obscure and hard to understand.
 I don't want to take sides in the dispute,
 but I did find there's a famous explainer
 of one of Hegel's most prominent works,
 and it's over three times longer than Hegel's actual work.
 So...
 - Hey, Ray Watts, you said at the start
 that this isn't what you know most about in philosophy.
 What's your era?
 Who's your philosopher?
 - Well, my favorite was actually Manuel Kantz,
 who was the one that inspired both Hegel and Schopenhauer,
 but they took him in different directions.
 And then what my thesis ended up being about was free will.
 That was the main thing I ended up writing about.
 - The movie about the whale?
 - Mm.
 - What a pivot.
 - Sadly, I wrote the sequel.
 There was my was free will to the much less popular
 straight to DVD philosophical thesis.
 - The whale can escape,
 but will he ever truly be free?
 - Do I have free will always?
 - Do I force to make that terrible joke?
 - I think knowing you as entirely within your genes
 and environment that you were compelled,
 there was no choice for you.
 - We've not mentioned one big part of Schopenhauer's studies,
 which is the time he became a paranormal investigator.
 - Oh, here we go.
 - It's a surprisingly big bit of his life,
 and he wrote about it quite a lot,
 which is that he had a very weird moment
 where he woke up one morning
 and he saw his mom and dad standing in front of him
 as an apparition.
 So his dad was dead,
 bit weirder 'cause his mom was still alive,
 so not sure what she was doing there, but.
 - His mom was just over for a visit.
 I thought the most terrible thing
 I've ever heard before in my life.
 - Yeah, and so he sort of thought,
 I wonder what that is.
 And he was working as a large part of his work
 that metaphysics would explain
 why people were seeing weird things.
 He didn't properly believe in ghosts himself,
 but he did think all of these experiences,
 telepathy, all that stuff, premonitions,
 something might be tied in.
 So it made it part of his philosophical investigations.
 - How cool. - It's got to be a nightmare
 if you hate other human beings,
 and then you start getting visited by ghosts as well.
 You're either--
 (all laughing)
 - This is exactly what I didn't want.
 He was really interested in sacred Hindu texts as well.
 That was a big part of his life and his philosophy.
 So all of his poodles,
 he was a big poodle fancier.
 All of his poodles were called atman,
 which is the Sanskrit word, meaning your true self.
 - Why would you call all your dogs the same name?
 That doesn't make any sense.
 - It means you only have one thing to shout in the park,
 and then all the dogs will come back, you know.
 - Okay, I see that. - He's ingenious.
 See, he was the cleverest man in life.
 And his bedtime reading every night was a few pages of,
 this is when I thought,
 okay, this guy's a cut above intellectually.
 It was the Latin translation of the Upanishads,
 the sacred Hindu text, the Upanishads.
 It was the Latin translation of that.
 Every night before going to bed,
 he would just read a few pages
 to help himself drift off to sleep.
 And he said, "It has been the consolation of my life
 and will be that of my death."
 You know, he was just an extremely polymathic guy effectively.
 - Well, that was someone said in writing
 about his understanding of the Upanishads
 and general Hindu philosophy is that he was reading
 these sort of put together Latin translations
 that lost a lot about it, a mistranslation almost,
 not quite a mistranslation,
 but one step away from the meanings
 that were properly captured in the original writings.
 - That's really interesting.
 - It just suited what he was trying to build.
 - That's quite similar to Zen Buddhism in the West,
 which was, it came over when a guy went over to Japan
 and he spent a lot of time
 with this really famous Zen Buddhist.
 And he didn't speak Japanese
 and the Buddhist didn't speak any English.
 And so they went through a translator.
 And the translator just basically told him
 what he wanted to hear.
 'Cause the Zen Buddhist guy was quite old by that stage.
 He was repeating himself.
 He was talking quite a lot of nonsense.
 And then this guy would say, "Oh yeah, what he's saying
 is that you need to become one with the world
 and whatever."
 But actually never said any of that stuff.
 - Give all your dogs one name.
 Give them all one name.
 (all laughing)
 - Schopenhauer, he wrote about the feeling
 that people had after sex.
 - Oh.
 - He wrote that directly after copulation,
 the devil's laughter is heard.
 - Oh, who's been laughing this whole time?
 I was just wondering.
 (all laughing)
 - It's always better that it's the devil laughing,
 really, isn't it?
 (all laughing)
 - So this all comes back to Galen,
 the famous guy who wrote about medicine and stuff.
 He wrote that every animal is sad after colitis,
 except the human female and the rooster.
 - You know, we don't pitch the Schopenhauer fact,
 this is not where I originally would be.
 (all laughing)
 - We should say A-Shops was a massive sexist.
 I mean, I was reading his work and I was thinking,
 "Yeah, I'm jamming with this guy."
 And then I read his views on women.
 "They are big children all their life long
 and undersized, narrow-shouldered, broad-hipped
 and short-legged race.
 They have no proper knowledge of anything
 and they have no genius."
 And I thought, "I'm gonna back off, okay."
 - Yeah.
 - So did you say that he said women are bigger children?
 Because, I mean, so are men.
 That's what being an adult is, isn't it?
 (all laughing)
 He's been a bigger child.
 He was very dedicated to slagging off the other philosophers.
 He once wrote an essay that was awarded first prize
 in a competition by the Royal Norwegian Society
 of Sciences and Letters.
 And so then next year, he submitted another essay
 and this essay did not win the awards,
 even though it was the sole submission.
 (all laughing)
 And the reason it was rejected is a part
 because he kept disrespecting other philosophers.
 And I think to be fair, if you are writing an essay
 on morality, you probably should have
 been slagging off the other philosophers.
 - Yeah, that's so funny.
 That's like, there was a study that was done
 amongst UK scientists and one of the findings at the end
 was that most scientists don't like Richard Dawkins.
 But what they were being asked about had nothing to do
 with Richard Dawkins.
 That just came up as everyone slagging him off
 as part of their response.
 And they were like, "Well, here's an unintended bit
 of data that we've discovered."
 (all laughing)
 Yeah, yeah, he did.
 He slag even in his books, right?
 Even in his main, that main one.
 What was it called, by the way?
 - The Will.
 - The World as Will and Representation.
 - Yeah, even in the main one,
 the Will is World and Representation.
 Will is, say it again.
 - The World as Will and Representation.
 It's not, actually, it did not take off.
 Part of the reason it didn't take off
 was he didn't call it big things.
 - I just love the idea of Dad going to a year of lectures
 and still can't get the title of his work.
 - Any questions?
 Yes, Dan, again.
 No, it's the World as Will and Representation.
 - Okay, so where there's a world,
 there's a will of representation.
 - Where there's a world, there's a way.
 That would have been better.
 That would have been better.
 - I imagine if I was the time traveler
 that went back and sat, it was like sitting on the ground.
 - So what?
 - What does he think of me in the year 2025?
 - We love your work.
 Where will he, for you, will he?
 (all laughing)
 - We need to wrap up in a sec,
 but Ray, you're going to be in Edinburgh.
 This is very exciting.
 You're coming across the ocean,
 halfway across the world.
 Where are you going to be playing?
 What's the show?
 - Yes, I'm going to be at the Pleasants Courtyard
 at 6.05 p.m. every day, except for one Monday.
 I forget which one.
 So hopefully that's not the only day
 I'm currently in Edinburgh for the entire Fringe Festival.
 And the show's called Laughter I Hardly Knower.
 So yeah, please come along.
 (all laughing)
 - Really a title.
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it's time for fact number three,
 and that is Andrew O'Neill.
 - My fact is that the first band to call themselves punk
 didn't use guitars.
 - What?
 - Which is counter-intuitive because we think of,
 you know, biker jackets, spiky hair, guitars,
 but the first bands to actually call themselves punk
 were Suicide.
 So Suicide were a kind of art noise duo in New York.
 Martin Revere and Alan Vaid.
 And they used synths and drum machines
 and created a wonderful sort of sleazy,
 uncomfortable, aggressive noise.
 So I'm constantly fascinated with the history
 and the kind of taxonomy of music.
 So with punk, punk was used as an insult.
 You know, it was seen as putting them down
 and then Suicide were the first band to kind of lean into it.
 But punk in its origins was so much wider
 as a genre and so much more experimental
 and kind of arty than the dudes with loud guitars.
 - Yeah, right.
 I read an interview with these guys from Suicide
 and they said that they did have a guitar at the very start
 before they became Suicide
 when they were just sort of starting out.
 - Right.
 - But the guitar player decided to leave
 and they realized that actually he wasn't really
 contributing very much anyway.
 So that's why they did without him.
 - I listened to the album this morning,
 their debut album in New York.
 The album this morning, their debut album in 1977.
 And it's noise and it's interesting
 and it's wild lyrically.
 There's an amazing song which is called "Frankie Teardrop"
 and it's a song that's been cited by quite a lot of people
 as an influential song.
 So Nick Hornby wrote a book called "31 Songs"
 where he picked 31 songs that have altered his life
 in some ways and he says it's a song
 that you should only hear once
 'cause it's just too intense.
 And it is really intense.
 It's a story of a guy who goes home,
 he kills his family and then you follow his own death
 and then his journey into hell.
 And it's just this soundscape of noise.
 And it's horrific but hugely influential.
 "Springsteen" was influenced by this.
 Yeah, like a lot of people were influenced by suicide
 that you would not expect.
 - Actually, I don't prove "Springsteen" songs
 like a lot more depressing than people make out.
 Like "Born in the USA" is about someone
 being really disheartened about America after the war.
 - Oh yeah.
 Yeah, a lot of his songs are about rough living
 and suffering and a very downbeat in their meaning.
 But if the music doesn't sound like that.
 - Isn't it true that a lot of politicians use "Born in the USA"
 as like their big sort of America fuck yeah kind of thing?
 - Nationalistic flag waving kind of thing.
 It's exactly the opposite of that, which is true.
 Isn't it pretty much any artist
 that gets co-opted by a politician will go,
 you've not really paid attention to the lyrics.
 - Andrew, you're doing a whole show
 about the history of punk.
 So is this your opinion
 that they're sort of the first punk band?
 Or is that agreed?
 - Not that they're the first punk band,
 but they're the first band to call themselves punk.
 - Right.
 - Because there's a thing that happens, isn't there,
 with sort of genres where before a genre gets named,
 it can be quite amorphous.
 The meaning isn't kind of ossified yet.
 So I would argue the first punk band was the Stooges,
 Iggy Pop and the Stooges.
 - Okay.
 - Do you find, Andrew, that when people get put
 into those categories,
 then they start sort of living up towards it.
 - Absolutely right.
 - So if people call you a death metal band,
 then your next three albums
 are just going to be heavier and heavier.
 - That's absolutely it.
 And also there's a thing where people start to form bands
 based on the tax on it.
 So basically the map becomes the territory.
 So you put a thing out saying,
 I want to form a thrash band.
 You kind of already know what that's going to sound like.
 - That suicide album, the 1977 one,
 was described as taxi driver, the musical.
 - Yeah, I think it is.
 Which I think suits it quite nicely.
 - And they toured with the Clash.
 - Right.
 - And Clash fans universally hated them
 because they wanted a band that sounded like the Clash.
 And they got a band that sounded like
 stoned, speed freak Elvis,
 playing over horrible keyboards and drum machine.
 - Do you know on the Clash,
 so Mick Jones as founder of Clash, I think,
 and was league guitarist and his first cousin.
 Do you know who his first cousin is?
 - Oh, not Davy Jones from Tom Jones.
 - It's not a Jones, sorry.
 I fled you up the garden path.
 - It's a tough one to guess.
 - It's a really tough one to guess.
 Basically what I'm telling you is the Clash are,
 you know, punk, very, very cool.
 This guy, not cool.
 Look, shall I tell you?
 - Is it Jacob Rees-Mogg?
 - You're so close.
 Oh my God, Dan.
 You're in the right political party.
 You're in the right era.
 - Oh, is it David Davis?
 - You're close.
 - Grant Shaps.
 - Grant Shaps.
 - Grant Shaps is first cousins with the Clash.
 - Grant Shaps was used by Alan Partridge
 to denote someone that's absolutely,
 totally middle of the road page.
 - Exactly, I'm afraid.
 And in fact, his brother is called Andre,
 and he's in a band called Big Audio Dynamite
 with Mick Jones, who's, you know, Clash guy.
 - Still going.
 - So there you go.
 Cooler than you thought, Grant Shaps.
 - Cooler, yeah, that's amazing.
 - As if that could be possible.
 - I know.
 - It's strange, isn't it?
 Because, you know, there's that thing of like,
 so many people in there.
 So Joe Strummer went to private school.
 Like, the idea that someone who went to,
 like actually a public school could be in a punk band.
 In the 80s would have been incredible,
 but it was absolutely what happened,
 that kind of flourishing of bringing people together.
 I mean, the Bromley contingents,
 so Suzie Sue and others.
 Yeah, they were very definitely suburban middle class.
 It wasn't sort of street based as it kind of came to be seen.
 There are so many contradictions in it.
 Like, I mean, the young ones, the most punk TV show,
 nearly everybody involved in that is privately educated.
 - Yeah, they absolutely are, aren't they?
 - Yeah, you're so true.
 When you sent over this fact,
 I started looking into guitars.
 I realized I didn't know much about the history of guitars.
 And one thing that I got really excited by was,
 in the early days, let's say,
 around the time of the Beatles,
 guitar chords were a bit more secretive, it seems.
 And I didn't know that.
 So there's this amazing story.
 - Amazing Paul McCartney story.
 - Yeah, so there's a great McCartney and Lennon story
 where they heard in Liverpool
 that there was someone who was a crosstown
 who knew the chord B7.
 And they got on the bus and they traveled all the way
 and they met him and they said, "Show us B7."
 And he showed them and they said it was a turning point
 for their composition and kind of was part of
 how the Beatles became the Beatles.
 It was the Lost Chord, he called it.
 And they went back home, they showed everyone B7
 and they spread it around.
 And I thought, "That sounds ridiculous."
 But when you read into the early days of guitar,
 if you were an amazing guitarist,
 you'd kind of clasp onto what you were able to do.
 So there was a guy who was known as the king
 in jazz guitaring called Freddie Keppard.
 And Freddie Keppard had a picking style
 that was so unique that when he went on stage,
 he used to put a handkerchief over his picking hand
 so that no one could see the magic going on underneath.
 - 'Cause I can't play guitar,
 so the analogy I can make is with piano.
 And the idea of having a new piano chord,
 like I could just bash some keys together
 that don't sound very good and say I've made a new one.
 But was B7 something that sounded amazing
 and no one had discovered this combination of notes?
 - It sort of just doesn't make sense, Anna,
 because it's quite, it's a simplicity chord, yeah.
 - But it does fit really well
 with the other easy to play cards, isn't it?
 - It's in the same area of the guitar.
 There's not much change.
 - We just hadn't discovered it sounded good.
 - No, we knew it.
 - It exists in music.
 - Yeah.
 - Oh, so they'll just pull and John didn't know it.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - Yeah, they will have heard it,
 but not known where to put their fingers to get that sound.
 - Yeah.
 - I think also, Anna, like you say,
 I could just bash the keys and get something.
 I used to think that if, 'cause I'm terrible at drawing,
 I thought if I just draw enough times,
 eventually my lines will turn into something beautiful.
 But it doesn't quite work like that for some reason.
 - I had exactly the same approach to the guitar.
 Someone told me early on
 that Hendrix didn't know what notes he was playing.
 And that's a lie.
 (both laughing)
 'Cause Hendrix was a session musician.
 Hendrix on the chilling circuit.
 Hendrix played for absolutely everyone.
 He played for Little Richard.
 He played for, you know, he backed so many bands.
 And you can't do that without knowing what key you're in
 and what, literally, what notes you're playing.
 So I absolutely had, James, I had exactly the same thing.
 But if I just keep playing, eventually I'll put a note.
 And then I'm now like 30 years odd later,
 starting to learn some theory and going,
 "Oh, this makes it so much better."
 (both laughing)
 But there's that thing.
 When I've got my, I can actually,
 I can actually demonstrate.
 It, you know, it just sounds so, so D, D7.
 It adds so much texture and kind of emotion to it.
 But the other thing about the Beatles
 was that they were one of the first,
 well, they're basically the first band
 to make writing their own music the thing within pop music.
 That's like the mind-blowing thing,
 Elvis didn't write his songs.
 - Yeah.
 - Paul McCartney, who famously did write his songs.
 His guitar flies first class.
 He books it his own seat.
 I wanna know how the booking works.
 'Cause when you're on EasyJet,
 you have to put in passport details
 and I don't believe it has a passport.
 But BB King actually used to fly his guitar as well.
 - Lucille.
 - In its own, in its own playing.
 Yeah, Lucille, was that what the guitar was called?
 - Yeah.
 - King's guitar's called Lucille.
 - That's insane because he didn't book it
 under the name Lucille.
 He booked it under the name Mr. Guitar.
 (laughing)
 Well, that's when Elton John books into a hotel.
 You don't give your real name.
 You don't want people knowing Lucille's on the plane.
 They might see it. - No, good point.
 - It's a pseudonym.
 He named it Lucille apparently
 because he had to rescue one of his guitars
 from a fire in a building that was started by two men
 having a fight over a woman called Lucille.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, so that's where that name comes from.
 Angus Young called his the workhorse,
 what does call it, Willie Nelson's is trigger.
 They've all got their nicknames for them.
 - That's very sweet.
 - Willie Nelson's trigger guitar.
 He replaced the neck eight times and the body three times.
 (laughing)
 - Hey, do you know the Eminem song, My Name Is?
 I mean, who doesn't, what a stupid question.
 There's a guitar and bass part in that,
 like one of the really familiar bits you'd recognise.
 - Yeah.
 - Do you know who plays the guitar and bass on that?
 - Oh, Andrew.
 - Yeah, Andrew knows it.
 - Chaz and Dave, isn't it?
 - It's Chaz and Dave.
 It's so cool.
 - So who were Chaz and Dave?
 I know their names, but I don't fully know what they were.
 They were like Cockney, they made like Cockney songs.
 - Rockney.
 - Yeah.
 - Chaz and Dave were session musicians
 and they played with absolutely everyone
 and they were incredible musicians.
 And what they decided they wanted to do was,
 the big thing was they wanted to do rock and roll
 in their own accent because every British band
 that did rock and roll adopted an American accent
 and Chaz Hodges' big thing was he wanted to write
 a love song in his own accent.
 So they came up with this thing, Rockney.
 And I, I mean, I adore Chaz and Dave.
 I unironically love them.
 - I was on tour in New Zealand
 and when you do New Zealand, you're already homesick
 and New Zealand feels like the end of the world
 'cause of the way it sticks out into the Pacific.
 And one of the other comics I was getting was Terry Alderton.
 We were both being homesick and you went, listen to this.
 And it's a Chaz and Dave song called "That's What I Like"
 and it's just a list.
 It's like the amily of pop music.
 Cheese and onion sandwiches and Darby China
 where whittles and jigs are wooing me,
 dogging me on if I haven't a swear.
 It's absolutely gorgeous.
 Like, I completely unironically love them.
 - Yeah, amazing.
 - They are cracking.
 - So they weren't in the studio with Eminem though, right?
 This was a sample, presumably.
 - No, it was a sample.
 - Okay.
 - Yeah.
 - Okay.
 - Okay, punks and samples.
 That takes me to Daft Punk.
 - Uh-huh.
 - The band Daft Punk.
 So there is a species that has been discovered
 known as by Kallelia Daft Punka, okay?
 It's a type of flatworm.
 And do you know why it got that name?
 Is it, does it wear hoods, masks over its face all the time?
 - I like, yeah, like a big helmet.
 - Yeah.
 - You're close enough.
 I'll let you have it.
 And it has a helmet-shaped structure
 on the end of its penis.
 - Okay.
 - Okay.
 - That's not where they wear theirs, I don't think.
 - I like to think that Daft Punk,
 if they tuck their trousers down,
 they would have the same helmets.
 - They do.
 - So you can't identify them by their penis.
 - They're just so fractal
 and then on a cellular level, they're helmets.
 (laughing)
 - It's helmets all the way down.
 - Yeah.
 Do you know who Daft Punk were very influenced by?
 - Suicide.
 - Suicide.
 - Were they?
 - Yeah, they cite, they cite.
 I mean, 'cause if you listen to it, it is,
 it's electro music, really,
 when you listen to that opening album.
 So yeah, they cite them as influences.
 Hey, listen, we need to wrap up in a second.
 Andrew, before we do, you're in Edinburgh.
 - I am, I'm doing two shows, 'cause I'm an idiot.
 I'm doing two shows and I broke my leg in February,
 so I am behind.
 I'm doing Andrew and Neil's History of Punk
 at Bannermans at 11.30 p.m.,
 and that starts on the 1st of August,
 right through not doing Mondays or Tuesdays,
 'cause I'm actually a little bit more sensible
 than I used to be.
 And I'm doing a stand-up show
 that discusses my three-point model of political difference,
 which I think might be the only genuinely original idea
 I've ever had,
 three ways in which people disagree or are wrong politically,
 and it's got tons of very, very stupid jokes
 and a thing about rhombus,
 and that's could escape,
 and it's on at 7.10 p.m. at Monkey Barrel.
 So yeah, two shows. - Two years was awesome.
 (upbeat music)
 - It's time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Ahir Shah.
 - So my fact is that Andrew Carnegie
 tried to achieve world peace
 by sending countries dinosaurs.
 - Yes, the common enemy.
 I don't think you get to be like
 that successful and wealthy and industrialist
 without being a bit of an ideas guy.
 And like, are all of them gonna come off necessarily?
 No, but you can say that you did your level best.
 - I think it's a great idea.
 Like, you know, the idea of everyone having nuclear weapons
 so that no one attacks each other.
 - Yeah, mutilation of dinosaurs.
 - Yeah, that's perfect.
 And you could make it so like the bigger countries
 have smaller dinosaurs
 and the smaller countries have bigger dinosaurs.
 - Oh, we're being progressive, are we?
 So the Vatican would have to have like
 the largest of titan, it would be as big as the Vatican.
 - So aside from all this absurd reasoning,
 what was the idea behind world peace
 being created by dinosaur diplomacy?
 - Well, it wasn't necessarily,
 it was another MAD mutually assured Diplodocus
 or however we want to pronounce it, basically.
 I'm sure that many, if not most of the listeners
 will have seen Dippy, the famous skeleton
 in the Natural History Museum, right?
 And basically the idea was that in 1899,
 the original sort of Dippy, Dippy's a composite skeleton,
 but the sort of main part of it was found in Wyoming
 on a expedition that had been sponsored by Carnegie.
 Now, this is like something no one's ever seen before, right?
 This is gonna change the game in a huge way.
 And a couple of years later,
 King Edward goes up to Carnegie's castle in Scotland
 and sees just like a picture of the Dippy skeleton.
 I was like, oh, it'd be great to have something like that
 for the Natural History Museum.
 And Carnegie really rolls with this.
 And I believe like at his own expense,
 like commissions a guy to do a plaster cast of it,
 the guy's initially just like,
 no, I don't want to do that.
 It's massive, like no one's ever attempted to do anything
 on this scale before.
 But sure enough, it ends up in the Natural History Museum
 and to great fanfare,
 millions of people have seen this for the first time.
 And I guess Carnegie gets it into his head
 that this is something about scientific discovery
 and everyone working together
 and cross national cooperation.
 And so pretty much every year
 of the first decade of the 1900s,
 he's giving one of these things out to different countries
 on the understanding that how could we possibly
 fight one another if everyone has a dinosaur?
 You know?
 - A Dippy, that makes perfect sense.
 - Yeah, and so over the course of the first decade
 of the 1900s, we're talking there's one in France,
 in Germany, in Italy, in Russia.
 These didn't work, right?
 And Mr. Carnegie took the beginning
 of the Great War very badly
 because he was basically just like,
 "I gave you all a fucking dinosaur."
 (laughing)
 Like, "Lads, what are we doing?"
 - And he was so upset, wasn't he?
 I mean, I know quite a lot of people were upset
 about the First World War.
 Maybe some people suffered even more than him,
 but a lot of biographies say he sort of died
 of a broken heart in 1919
 because he was so devastated that his plan hasn't worked
 and World War I happened anyway.
 But he saw the end of the war.
 He might have lived to friend of the podcast,
 The Treaty of Versailles, if it was 1919,
 'cause that was the year that was signed.
 So that should have given him a new lease of life.
 It's like, "Oh, great, now we can resume the dinosaur
 "with this batch."
 - But then he read the treaty and was like,
 "This doesn't even mention the dinosaurs, come on."
 (laughing)
 Like, how do you expect this piece to hold?
 It should be the Treaty of Velociraptor
 and then everyone's gonna have it.
 - It's so good.
 Because I, so the things I didn't know about this,
 I mean, I didn't know anything about this story.
 I'd only vaguely heard of Andrew Carnegie, to be honest,
 as, you know, the man who sold steel to the world,
 like, made steel, made, you know,
 big American industrialist.
 But he was looking for an exhibit for his museum.
 That's what started all this.
 He had the Carnegie Museum of Natural History in Pittsburgh
 and he needed a showstopper and he read in the paper,
 oh, they found this gigantic thing.
 And actually what had been found was a thigh bone.
 So it was, it was just a femur.
 And so he wrote to the director of the museum saying,
 "You must buy this."
 And the museum director was in an awkward spot
 'cause you can't just buy a boat,
 like one bone is not a showstopper for a museum.
 That's rubbish.
 So he said, "Well, we've got to find another one then."
 And he started funding all the expeditions.
 And thank God they found,
 they found, this is very American,
 they found it on the 4th of July.
 - Did they?
 - They did.
 - Oh, that's nice.
 - It's very American.
 - I bet they didn't, I bet they found it in June
 and they were like, "Zip it, wait a couple of weeks."
 - I was looking at some of these other ones
 that are around the world.
 And for instance, one was donated
 to the paleontological museum in Munich, Germany in 1932
 and wasn't mounted at that, of course,
 what happens in 1933 in Germany.
 And it's like, guys, if you just do the dinosaur thing,
 it might help, but like everyone goes very extreme
 when they're not doing the dinosaur thing.
 - Wow, I wonder if anyone's ever made that connection before.
 I love it.
 - Is that why?
 - Is it perhaps that the dinosaur thing
 is leading up to this war?
 - Oh, right, okay, yes.
 - If you've got a couple of kids
 and one of them has an ice cream,
 you think I'm gonna give them all ice creams
 and that'll make them all happy,
 but it really doesn't work like that.
 - Well, 'cause they go, "My ice cream's better than yours."
 You've got the fake ice cream.
 I'm the one with the real one.
 - In precisely.
 - Yeah.
 And in fact, the Natural History Museum
 and British commentators were really sniffy about Dippy.
 They were so rude about him.
 Yeah, they were.
 So the people absolutely loved it,
 but basically all the reviews said,
 "This is a fuss about nothing."
 They wouldn't put Dippy in the paleontology section.
 So Dippy was in the gallery of small reptiles.
 - Watch, stop it, that can't be true.
 - That's right, that's where he was housed,
 feeling pretty out of place, I imagine.
 And the reviews tended to focus on the fact
 that he wasn't particularly interesting
 because of the size of his brain or her brain, sorry.
 So reviews said things like,
 "The brain cavity is no bigger than a walnut.
 How can we get excited by this?"
 Dippy's obviously a complete moron.
 One of the, in fact, the guy who accepted it
 on behalf of the Natural History Museum
 in his acceptance speech said,
 "Given that this animal was clearly very stupid,
 the size of it doesn't really add much to the interest."
 So it was this, and I think it was British jealousy
 about the fact that we tended to export our science
 to America in this field,
 and America suddenly waltzed in
 with their big showstopper.
 But fortunately, the people didn't give a shit
 about the size of the brain
 and thousands of people rocked up.
 - And then, of course, Dippy isn't there anymore.
 If you go to the NHM, it's Big Old Whale.
 They got rid of it in 2017.
 And when did the whole world start going to shit?
 (laughing)
 - Exactly.
 - Wait, wasn't it 2016?
 - Annad, please. - Sorry, I hate that.
 - They're 65 million years old.
 What's a year here or there?
 Come on.
 (laughing)
 - There is something in this.
 (laughing)
 - Can I say that I just love this so much
 about the thing you mentioned there here
 about King Edward VII,
 and that's when prompted the first cast
 to be made and dished out.
 So King Edward VII, he'd only been King for a year.
 It was 1902, and he visited Carnegie in Scotland
 at his home, which is this amazing house
 called Skibo Castle.
 It had things that the world had never seen before,
 like indoor toilets and electricity.
 Like, it was the equivalent
 of the most amazing space-age house at the time.
 And Edward wanted to see the plumbing
 'cause he wanted to restore all the royal palaces.
 You know, Queen Victoria had been on the throne
 in an incredibly long time.
 They were very dilapidated.
 He was like, "Get out of there!
 "I need to come!"
 (laughing)
 And so, Edward wanted some of that, basically,
 and that's why he was visiting.
 And the visit happened allegedly at such short notice
 that the organ player for the household,
 again, if you're very rich, you just have one of these,
 the organ player was in the swimming pool
 and had to be hurriedly hauled out and towel himself off
 so he could play God Save the King as the king arrived.
 That is the story.
 - And to be fair, as far as Bellina's go,
 he seems like one of the good ones.
 He gets, doesn't he?
 I mean, I'm gonna say this, and next week,
 it'll come out that he made lots of inappropriate jokes
 to female colleagues, but at this point in time,
 I think we can say Andrew Carnegie,
 pretty good guy, one of the big 19th century philanthropists
 gave away a huge amount of his money,
 about 90% of his fortune,
 equivalent of $11 billion today to charities and foundations.
 So he really did wanna make the world a better place,
 didn't he?
 - Which of us allows their organ player in the swimming pool?
 (laughing)
 - I certainly don't, that's a good point.
 - The wars were a bad time for some dinosaurs,
 so Spinosaurus was a dinosaur
 which went extinct about 60-odd million years ago,
 and then it went extinct for a second time
 during World War II because the British bombed it
 in 1944 to smithereens, so it disappeared,
 and we didn't have it anymore.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, but luckily, it's come to light again
 in the last 20 years or so,
 we've managed to find some more fossils,
 so we got a chance to make it extinct a third time.
 - Yes!
 - This really reminds me of, did you ever see that headline
 that was something like,
 "Cocaine in the Thames is another thing eels don't need?"
 (laughing)
 - Dinosaurs about to put up with so much.
 - I've already got extinct once, mate.
 (laughing)
 - Do you know, I think maybe this is common knowledge
 except to me, but dinosaurs were reptiles.
 One of the mad things about dinosaurs
 is we don't know if they were warm-blooded or cold-blooded.
 What?
 That's like so basic a thing to know,
 but dinosaurs count as reptiles,
 all birds are reptiles as well.
 Technically, they're part of this group called diapsida,
 which also includes all other reptiles,
 but we're also reptiles.
 Come on, well.
 - No.
 - The queen, obviously.
 (laughing)
 - That's why do you think the king
 wanted these dinosaurs so much?
 He wanted his mates around.
 No, this is, if you go high enough up the taxonomy,
 you're in the reptiliomorphic clade,
 and that's mammals, birds, reptiles,
 and the thing that it's not is frogs.
 So I shouldn't like amphibians,
 which are basically frogs, right?
 - So basically everything that isn't the frog is the same.
 - Sort of, with some insects and stuff.
 But basically, there's all of us together.
 And then frogs and nukes.
 - I think that that would be a very funny prejudice to have.
 (laughing)
 - They're not like frogs.
 - Everything in the world, like humans,
 other species, objects, absolutely everything,
 you treat entirely equally,
 but you're a ginormous frogist.
 - Yeah, like race is very old hat, clade is a lie.
 - I think there's some background towards this,
 and I think maybe we should be against frogs,
 because there was a frog called Beelzebufo Ampinga
 that lived 65 to 70 million years ago.
 It was absolutely massive,
 and it had very, very strong jaws,
 so strong that they think it might be able to eat dinosaurs.
 - No, not like a T-Rex.
 - No, like little tiny chickeny ones, I guess.
 - Cool.
 - But yeah, like if the frogs and the dinosaurs
 were fighting all the way back then,
 it's hardly surprising that everyone on this call
 is a frog racist right now.
 (laughing)
 - I mean, which one survived in the end?
 - Here's a question.
 Why do some dinosaurs have such small arms?
 - This is a cracker joke.
 (laughing)
 I just feel it.
 - It's not, it's not, it's a true question.
 Like there was one called Gouamezia Okoei,
 which has basically got no arms at all.
 It's just got too tiny little,
 just a few inches in length arms.
 Obviously the Tyrannosaurus Rex
 has very small arms as well.
 What's going on there?
 - I guess they didn't need to applaud anything,
 you know, no plays or anything back then.
 - But only bad plays.
 - Only shit plays, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - I suppose that's something that happens even now, right?
 Like as in the ancestor of the Kiwi would have had wings
 and the wings are just gone.
 So a Kiwi, like if you x-ray it or something,
 a Kiwi is basically just like a ball with the legs.
 - Absolutely.
 So the Kiwi lost theirs
 because they didn't really need it anymore.
 And you don't need to use up the energy
 to have body parts that you don't need.
 So that's one theory, that they didn't need them anymore
 because maybe they would eat things with their mouth.
 So they didn't need to use their hands
 to put things in their mouth anymore
 'cause they had such big jaws,
 they would just grab things and bite them.
 And then they didn't use up the energy to make the arms,
 they could use the energy elsewhere.
 And the other idea is that they ate
 in like real feeding frenzies.
 And that if they had long arms,
 then they'd just get ripped off in those feeding frenzies.
 - What do you mean?
 Like they'd rip each other's arms off
 or they're going for swinging.
 - So you've got like 10 T-Rexes all going
 after the same bit of meat and they're all biting it.
 And if you've got one T-Rex that looks like Mr. Tickle,
 then his arms just gonna get bitten off.
 - Oh my God.
 So surely they got to a stage
 where they were just biting each other's faces off instead.
 - You're using your face to eat, that's the thing.
 - Wow.
 - Anyway, that's a theory.
 - How long would it take us to start this process?
 Like if I decided, you know what?
 I'm just gonna go feeding frenzy on all my meals.
 And then how many generations do I need to persuade
 my children that they just don't need their arms?
 'Cause I know it's gotta make me
 more evolutionarily successful.
 Like it's gotta make me better at breeding, right?
 If I am eating quickly.
 - Yes, this is the thing.
 And I don't know whether necessarily on dates
 that's the face directly into.
 - We should wrap up here.
 You're gonna be in Edinburgh.
 Or maybe by the time people are listening,
 you are in Edinburgh probably.
 Where are you right now?
 - So I will be at the Edinburgh Festival
 doing a show from the 12th to the 24th.
 That's not true.
 It's the 14th of the 24th.
 I'm just going up on the 12th.
 So you might still see me, but on the street.
 It is a work in progress,
 showed towards a new tour that'll be happening next year.
 And it is at noon at Monkey Barrel 3.
 Lovely, Monkey Barrel 3.
 Get there.
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our guests' facts.
 Go see their shows.
 They're in Edinburgh.
 It's gonna be an amazing month.
 Get yourself up there.
 And come back next week.
 We'll have another episode waiting for you.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
