 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish before we start.
 If you don't have plans in the next couple of weeks and you live in the Scottish area,
 then you must come and see our show. We will be in Inverness, Aberdeen, Edinburgh and Glasgow
 between the 31st of August and the 4th of September and you will not regret it. It is
 such a fun night with all sorts of facts and silliness and just messing around. There'll
 be a prize for someone on the stage. I can't give you any more details about that. But
 if you're in Scotland and you'd like to come and see the show, then go to nosuchthingsafish.com/live
 and the details are there. We also have a show coming up in Cardiff on the 13th of September,
 which I think is very nearly sold out if it's not already sold out and we have a show in
 London on the 9th of September. Now that is sold out, but you can see it virtually. So
 there are virtual audience tickets available for that and if you would like to get those
 or indeed the tickets for Cardiff, then again go to nosuchthingsafish.com/live. Thank you
 very much to everyone who's joined Club Fish in the last few weeks. We're having a whole
 great amount of fun behind that velvet rope with loads of bonus material and ad free episodes.
 If you are interested in joining Club Fish, then do go to nosuchthingsafish.com/apple or
 nosuchthingsafish.com/patreon for more about that. But as I always say in this situation,
 the main podcast will always always always be free and that free podcast is just about
 to begin. Okay, so on with the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here
 with James Harkin, Anna Tyshinski and Andrew Hunter Murray and once again we have gathered
 round the microphones with our four favourite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go. Starting with fact number one and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in the 1930 World Cup semi-final between the USA and Argentina,
 the American medic accidentally chlorophened himself and had to be carried off.
 It's very funny and it raises for me a lot of other questions like who was he trying
 to chloroform? Was it like a classic movie where the bank robber or whoever is trying
 to steal someone puts the rag over them? Was he like holding his face?
 There is so much wrong with this fact I think and we might go into all of it but it's basically
 it's on the FIFA website so I think it counts as a fact for us but I can't see it mentioned
 in any contemporary part and chloroform doesn't really work like that.
 Incredible self-drive-by on your own face.
 So he was called Jack Cole is that right?
 And there are a few versions of events on there so one is that he ran on the pitch trying
 to help another player and then a thing broke in his bag and he had chloroform in his bag
 and then that broke and then the fumes were raised and knocked him out.
 Another version is that he went on to the pitch to argue with the referee about something
 and threw a bottle of chloroform onto the ground in anger and then it came up and a
 fume stopped him out.
 That's a red card, that's a red card from the header.
 The earliest I've managed to trace a story back is to a journalist called Brian Glanville
 and a lot of people think he's the greatest football writer of all time he's really really
 famous but he was born in 1931 so he couldn't have been at this match but it is on the FIFA
 website but the other thing is if you look at contemporary reports from the newspapers
 at the time it's not mentioned and I found an interview with Jack Cole which was done
 about 15 years later and he doesn't mention it in that interview.
 You might not though, to be fair, he couldn't remember.
 It's amazing, the self-knockout is just phenomenal right, like it's one of those things where
 you don't know what to do when you see someone do it and Ash who wrote the theme tune for
 our song, he once was in a bar fight, it's very weird, exactly, you can't quite imagine
 it.
 He's so zen, so this was I guess just pre-zen, just pre-zen Ash and he went for the first
 punch against these other people, he took the swing and as he took the swing he took
 a step forward, slipped, fell on the ground, knocked himself out and that was end of fight.
 Is that his only ever fight?
 Yeah, he KO'd himself on the first go.
 So he actually has a 100% record of knocking someone out.
 One win, one loss in his only match.
 Another source I found this is a book called Angels with Dirty Faces by Jonathan Wilson
 which is the best book that I've ever read on South American football and he mentions
 it in that.
 It's like such a big qualifier, like this is the best book I've ever read, is what they'll
 use on the camera.
 This generally, so we haven't really properly said, but 1930 World Cup was the very first
 ever World Cup and it was set up because the Olympics weren't taking football seriously
 and they weren't having it as recognized as an official sport.
 So this was set up in South America, but as a result of that distance it meant that a
 lot of countries around the world didn't come and play because the journey there and the
 journey back as well as the subsequent tournament would mean they were out of play for like
 three months which didn't work with their local tournaments and so on.
 Also expensive for a lot of countries.
 Also the home countries, so England, Northern Ireland, Scotland, Wales, they thought that
 actually really they were more important than FIFA and so they had their own kind of home
 nations tournament and they didn't really see this as a proper World Cup so they weren't
 in it.
 So I read that the American team who were playing in this semi-final was mostly made up of English
 and Scottish professional footballers.
 Mostly Scottish, yeah.
 I did account, I made it to be five Scottish players and one English player.
 It's a lot.
 It is a lot.
 It's more than you're normally allowed.
 I don't know.
 I think.
 Well, and Col was Irish, I think, wasn't he?
 Yeah.
 In fact, he was Irish, brought up in Scotland and he'd just gone to America to track down
 his father who'd run out on him and he found himself in America and they were like, "God,
 are you from the British Isles?
 Yeah, would you mind playing for us?"
 Wow.
 But it's weird because America were quite good then, so I don't know why they had to
 poach.
 This was like a heyday for American football and it sort of plummeted after this because
 of the football wars or the soccer wars, I think, where it's so unexciting.
 It's the most boring war ever.
 Oh, okay.
 It's like there were two bodies.
 Everyone just clawed four of themselves.
 No, there were two bodies trying to manage football who were competing with each other.
 It was like the USFA and the ASL and they fought so much that everyone was like, "Well,
 this is tedious.
 You're all arguing so much."
 And the depression came, which didn't help.
 So, and the American team, they were known by the French as the shot potters because
 they were so big.
 They were like really big, strong players.
 But they got battered in this game.
 They lost 6-1 to Argentina and one of the reasons might have been because one of the
 players got a broken leg in the first half.
 I so don't believe this.
 Look, I've seen people with broken legs and it's really painful.
 It was guy called Ralph Tracy and apparently afterwards he was diagnosed with that, but
 I reckon it was a tiny chipped bone, Max.
 You're saying he played on?
 Yeah.
 He played on the whole game.
 He got broken leg.
 Yeah, really early on.
 It was really weird because there was another player, Andy Old, who ripped his lip open.
 Yeah.
 And the problem was is that there were no sort of proper rules about how you could treat
 the wound.
 And so, he played the rest of a match with a rag in his mouth to sort of stem the bleeding.
 Unfortunately, that rag had got chlorophyll on it.
 Yeah.
 And so, basically, they were a good team, but they basically got beaten from pillar to post.
 And in the end, by the second half, they really were just hobbling around and the Argentinians
 absolutely battered them.
 Yeah.
 I guess because it was 6-1 and America scored their goal in the last, in the 89th minute,
 I think.
 Did they?
 Yeah.
 Well, you think, kind of, what's the point?
 Why are you still trying at that point?
 No, that's great.
 It's a bit of honor.
 Yeah.
 In the final, which was Argentina versus Uruguay, Uruguay won that final.
 And in Argentina, they kicked off.
 The Uruguayan embassy was attacked.
 They did a morning parade through Buenos Aires and two people were reportedly shot for not
 saluting as the parade went past.
 Oh, my God.
 Amazing.
 The one newspaper said that since they'd lost Argentina, probably it meant that international
 football tournaments were a bit useless, so they should just never do them ever again.
 And eight players from that Argentinian team never played for the country ever again.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 This feels like it's about, you know, in a marriage where you have a massive fight about
 where you keep the spoons?
 It's not about, not about the spoons really.
 I don't think it's about the spoons.
 I think it actually always is about where you keep the spoons because it's a very clear
 place where they should be.
 Yeah.
 And he's like to his wife, "You've had an affair just like this about the spoons, isn't it?
 Yes, it's about the spoons."
 Yeah, there was a ref called John Langanus, and he's pronounced Longanus.
 Longanus.
 Sorry.
 I imagine that's what the fans sung to him.
 Yeah.
 John Longanus.
 Longanus.
 He was Belgian, right?
 Yes.
 And he was the head ref of the, I'd say he was the one who officiated the final.
 And he was really worried about the tensions running really high, as James says, like even
 post the match.
 So one of the Argentinian players, Luis Monti, he got a death threat sent, and the referee
 demanded a quick escape route to get back to his ship.
 He wanted, not a secret tunnel, but as near as damn it, a safe passage back to his.
 Exactly.
 Because he thought whatever call he makes.
 So Longanus asked for a safe passage to him.
 Yeah.
 So I mean, it did sound like it was a bit of an intense atmosphere, and there was a
 controversial goal in that final as well.
 So yeah.
 Well, Luis Monti, for instance, he was like the hard man of the Argentinian defense, but
 he did get this death threat, and afterwards there was a suggestion in the Argentinian
 media that it was one of the Uruguayan players who drank him up with a silly voice and said
 he was going to kill him.
 But in the end, he still played, he didn't think he was going to play, but all the way
 through, he would kind of try and ingratiate himself with the crowd.
 So whenever a Uruguayan player went down, he would sort of go and help them up and stuff
 like that.
 What, in the hope of the guy who was going to kill him, holding the revolver somewhere
 in the crowd, thought, oh, he is a nice guy actually.
 After all, yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'll put it away.
 One of the other things about the crowd that was there, so it was 90,000 plus, but that
 was only five days into the tournament because their main stadium, the Estadio Centenario,
 was not ready in time, and because of the weather as well, were raining.
 So there were two other smaller stadiums where they ended up going through as well.
 Yeah, it was the grass hadn't grown properly, right?
 And so they thought that the studs would kind of dig it up, the cleats for American listeners
 would kind of dig up the ground.
 Was this because of the weather?
 Because one thing I read was that it had rained for 92 consecutive days before the first game
 of this world cup.
 Oh, my God.
 Wow.
 92 days.
 Imagine the state of their reservoirs.
 Lovely.
 Yeah, gorgeous.
 Lovely.
 Very green lawns.
 I could do it in 92 days of rain right now.
 It's like that.
 Do you remember that summer when Rihanna's umbrella was in the charts and it rained for
 like three months non-stop here as well?
 Yeah, yeah.
 So why the song did so well?
 There was a suggestion of that, yeah.
 I remember it was like they had real problems at Wimbledon because they couldn't play any
 of the matches because it just rained non-stop.
 And is there a suggestion that Rihanna did some Cloudseed in May?
 Well, there is.
 Wow.
 I think the label did.
 Yeah.
 She probably didn't know about it.
 She flew the Cessna herself, hoping that...
 Chloroform.
 Chloroform?
 Yeah.
 No, thank you.
 I've got a sample here, and let's try it.
 That's enough of your chat up line, Simon.
 So, yeah, chloroform is really, really interesting stuff in that.
 I just love the story of how it was first used.
 It was first sort of properly introduced to surgery in the UK by a doctor called James
 Simpson.
 And before that, they were using ether, but the dose is very hard to get right, and it
 smells horrible and all of this, so chloroform was an improvement.
 And in 1847, Simpson had two other doctors who were called Keith and Duncan, their surnames,
 I think, round to dinner, and he said, "Look, I've got this stuff, do you want to try it?"
 And they tried it, got lightheaded, laughed a lot, and then all just fell unconscious.
 And then someone came into the room, and they were just out.
 I imagine one of them went, "Your surname's also a first name."
 Yeah, exactly.
 They actually had witnesses for the whole thing.
 It sounds like they had really fun parties, these guys, and they'd spent an entire summer
 trying to find a better replacement for ether, so they'd spent an entire summer inhaling
 various concoctions of gases around their dining room tables, sort of collapsing and
 having fits and stuff.
 And then they remembered that, "I've got this thing called chloroform that a friend told
 me about.
 I think it's under some waste paper."
 Picked it out.
 They tried it, and apparently unwanted hilarity seized the party for a while, and their conversation
 was of unusual intelligence for a few minutes.
 The first woman who took it was actually at the party that night, because there were family
 and friends there who were finding them also charming and entertaining.
 And so once they'd sampled it a few times, the guests had to say, "Well, can we ever
 go?"
 And she apparently gallantly took her turn and then fell asleep while crying, "I'm an
 angel.
 I'm an angel."
 Oh, okay.
 Actually, I think she wasn't the first woman to take chloroform.
 No, sorry.
 Maybe it wasn't.
 So it had been discovered, it was discovered about three times by three different people
 in the same month or so.
 And I should say, a lot of my facts have come from a book called "Cloroform" by Linda
 Stratman, which is great and rollicking.
 Absolutely.
 Knockout.
 Again, on the cover.
 It's for the cover.
 So Samuel Guthrie was a doctor in Massachusetts, and he thought what he had was this thing called
 Dutch liquid, which there was an existing recipe for, which involved chlorine and, you
 know, chlorate ether.
 So he had made it, but he kind of accidentally distilled it one extra time, or there was
 an extra ingredient in the mix when he made it.
 So he had chloroform without knowing it.
 But because he thought it was a known substance, which was already being used for medicine,
 he just kept some in his lab and would distribute bottles to friends and family.
 And his daughter, who was eight-year-old Cynthia, would often run into the lab, dip her fingers
 in the liquid, taste it, and that was just a little treat for her.
 On one occasion, she took too much of it, and she fell over completely asleep.
 Oh, my God.
 And so she was probably the first person to be knocked out by chloroform.
 Wow.
 What a claim.
 Yeah.
 And Stratman writes, "It is probable that he simply assumed she was drunk."
 It's all right, everyone.
 It's all right by eight-year-old's drunk.
 She's not to self out with chloroform.
 Don't worry.
 And what do we use it for today?
 Is it used still to put patients under?
 No.
 We use it for manufacturing.
 I think it's used to make Teflon and some other stuff.
 It's a sort of primer ingredient for Teflon, yeah.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 But no, it sort of fell out of use.
 It started falling out of use in the 19th century because people started to question
 it.
 It kills people.
 Yeah, sometimes.
 Also, I think it gets a bad press.
 Like, it kills.
 They did a massive study and found that it killed one in 2,500 of the patients that it
 had been used on in the 19th century, which is not great, but it's not terrible for 19th
 century medicine.
 No, for 19th century.
 And then there was another study which found it could like four in a thousand.
 But I think the four in a thousand one was done in the Civil War when everyone was quite
 injured anyway.
 Right.
 So you're not at your best.
 Yeah.
 What a journey it's had, you know, in terms of its repurposed uses.
 Like if it was on, who do you think you are?
 And you were like, your ancestor used to like kidnap people, you know, and then you're...
 Is that something to be proud of?
 Well, in movies, that's the classic thing.
 It gets used to fumigate grain.
 That's a fun...
 Does it?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's a fun use of it.
 It's been great.
 It's from the great glory days of kidnapping and curing people in the Civil War.
 You know, like a farmer, now you're in like the cooking industry with Teflon.
 We don't know that anyone was really kind of kidnapped using it, right?
 Because it's really hard to use.
 Yeah.
 We might have said this before, but basically you'd need the exact correct dosage.
 Otherwise they would just feel a bit woozy or they would die.
 You'd have to get the exact thing in between and also it would take around five minutes.
 It takes minutes.
 Did it even happen in movies?
 Or is that one of those missing memories?
 Yeah, it does.
 It happens in a Sherlock Holmes story.
 It happens in Dickens, I think.
 Or Wilkie Collins, I think, maybe?
 That's weird, because Dickens' wife used chloroform to give birth.
 So Dickens was well into chloroform, right?
 And it's in one of his books, and I can't remember which one it is, unfortunately.
 But it was in one of his books, but he doesn't call it chloroform because whenever the book
 was sent set, it was before chloroform had been invented.
 So he talks about this kind of special thing which knocks someone out really quickly, but
 he doesn't specifically say it's chloroform because he was so into chloroform we're pretty
 sure that's what he meant.
 That's great.
 Like you say, it is quite hard to administer, and it does have this really dark Goldilocks
 phase where it works, and then on either side it's a bit useless.
 But even so, there was this massive spate of crimes reported in the '40s as soon as it
 became popular.
 1840s.
 In the 1840s.
 Yeah, the '40s.
 Sorry.
 Sorry.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I think you were seeing.
 When I say the '90s, I'm usually referring to the 1790s.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It was his club night.
 How's it going then?
 There's a lot of baroque music.
 A lot of ether.
 A lot of fun, actually.
 But yeah, there were things, there were all these stories about, you know, a handkerchief
 would be waved in the face of someone and they would collapse, or a lot of stories of women
 coming up behind men and putting a handkerchief to their face and then.
 Women chloroforming men.
 Yes.
 Blow for equality.
 I know.
 Score, right?
 But there was one doctor, actually, who got so annoyed by all these stories by, I think,
 the 1850s or '60s.
 Because he said, this doesn't make any sense, it takes minutes and minutes for it to work,
 that he eventually soaked a handkerchief in chloroform and waved it in front of his aunt's
 face until he was absolutely exhausted of shaking to prove that it couldn't do anything.
 Oh, that's great.
 Has he proven that to his aunt?
 Maybe, though, I don't know the argument that came before that.
 Yeah.
 Some misgivings.
 Yeah.
 OK, it is time for fact number two and that is Anna.
 My fact is that there's a group of astronomers called Solar Wind Sherpas who drag their equipment
 around the world to watch every single solar eclipse.
 Wow.
 I think these guys are so cool.
 They've been going since 1995, so they visited every single eclipse since then, eclipses
 happened, total eclipses were talking, but I want to re-18 months.
 It was set up by this woman called Shadia Refai Habal, who's a scientist, and yeah,
 they take all their equipment and they go and watch eclipses, and they want to see the
 corona, which is the bit when you see a totality in an eclipse, you've got that little bit
 of ring of light around it, and that's basically the stuff that the sun is emitting, and it's
 always too bright, the sun, the rest of the sunlight is too bright for us usually to see
 it.
 It's not bad for them to google corona these days.
 It was a struggle with the beer, but I think the last few years has made it a lot worse.
 And so how long they've been doing this, how long they've been trekking?
 Since '95.
 Since '95.
 Yeah.
 That's 1795.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 They're called umbra files as well, aren't they?
 There's shadow.
 They've got called coronafiles, eclipsaholics.
 Yeah, you don't want the coronafiles nickname catching on, you really want to shed that.
 I got these from the website BeingInTheShadow.com, which is an eclipse chaser.
 So set that up.
 Who's seen 12 now?
 Cool.
 You've seen 12.
 That's so cool.
 It's a lot.
 People get really into it.
 Yeah.
 You know, they see their first one.
 You think if you've seen one eclipse, you've seen them all?
 I know.
 I know the eclipsah files are going to come up now, going to throw some shade.
 But yeah, I would have thought they were all the same.
 You'd think so, but I guess it's such a unique event even for our soldiers.
 Well, obviously not if they've seen 20 others.
 No, I guess I mean like your first cocaine high, once you've done that, you know, some
 people do, I guess, they do get addicted.
 They really get addicted.
 They do say it's a kind of transformative experience and they just, wow, they need it
 again.
 Yeah.
 Well, Matt Parker, a buddy of ours, who's friend of the podcast, Steve Mould, who was
 on last week.
 They were in a group together.
 He goes chasing eclipses, sometimes on cruises with his wife because Lucy, his wife is an
 actual solar physicist.
 She looks at coronal mass ejection for her, for her livelihood.
 And actually, just speaking of them as a couple, there's a thing that gets done with
 eclipses now.
 So it's called Bailey's beads, right?
 And that is an actual phenomena of, like a corona, but they're just really beads rather
 than a full circle.
 Exactly.
 So it looks like diamonds.
 When the moon is over the sun.
 When the moon is over the sun.
 And it's to do with the fact that I believe because the moon obviously has bumps and lumps
 all over it.
 It's sort of like when the final bit of the eclipse is covered, a little bit will come
 through a bit that's a bit lower.
 And so they look like little diamonds and people propose to their, you won't be able
 to see you being proposed to.
 Oh yeah.
 Good point.
 It's a totality of an eclipse.
 It's a totality of an eclipse.
 I'm just not so distracting.
 I definitely say no, regardless.
 You've only got six minutes to watch it.
 Well, wait a minute.
 You can see people in the dark when there's a new moon or something.
 You can still see people.
 But I thought the whole point of a totality in eclipse was that you can't see anything.
 You can't see a cost.
 You can.
 It doesn't go pitch black, Andy.
 Do you still remember the eclipse?
 There's still stars, for instance.
 When there's a solar eclipse.
 Yeah.
 It just goes quite dark, like a light night.
 Do you?
 1999.
 We were all alive.
 Oh yeah.
 But I wasn't in Cornwall wherever it was.
 I actually was in Cornwall and it wasn't that dark.
 It was quite dark, but you could make out someone proposing to you.
 If someone said, "When are you marrying me?"
 I wouldn't be groping around.
 Who says that?
 There are so many possibilities.
 Wow.
 Oh, okay.
 I thought it wasn't really dark.
 Well, when there's no moon at night time, you can still make things out.
 You can still make out like shadows.
 I've got my phone torch on.
 Was that the thing when the, because the last, was it the last time a full eclipse was in
 the UK?
 It was 1999.
 Yeah.
 Anywhere in the UK.
 I remember seeing footage of it, wasn't it?
 Lots of people were taking photos with flashes on their cameras at the time.
 It was just incredibly annoying, because, you know, obviously you're trying to see the
 wonder of the eclipse.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, you would have been the pain in the ass with a massive torch, right?
 I've lost my diamond ring.
 There was a big solar eclipse in North America in 2017, but at that time they had a load
 of monitoring stations and they were checking the bees in North America.
 And at the moment of complete pitch black, all of the bees went silent, apart from one
 bee.
 What?
 It was one bee who buzzed.
 No.
 And they don't know why.
 They can't work out.
 This is a Disney film.
 I'm not fucking Eric.
 Really?
 It was not so funny.
 That's amazing.
 Just one bee didn't get the memo.
 Yeah.
 One day, Galen at the University of Missouri says that maybe he was slow getting back to
 the hive, or he was a bee with particularly good eyesight, who was affected by the eclipse.
 That's so funny.
 There was a story about a squirrel going nuts as well during the eclipse, and I go really,
 really spitty.
 Sorry, I missed my own thing.
 And afterwards they were like, do squirrels go crazy in the eclipse?
 Or was it just the fact that we only saw one squirrel, and we're basing all the knowledge
 now on that.
 So, on this point, there has been a study from 2020 titled Total Eclipse of the Zoo, which
 is all about how all the different animals in the zoo react.
 Why does that work as a pun?
 It doesn't rhyme with heart.
 It's not a pun.
 It's a reference to eclipses.
 But it's a reference to the song.
 Yeah, it's a reference to the song, Total Eclipse.
 Then it's a bad reference.
 If you're going to make a reference, make it a good reference.
 Total eclipse of the heart, but you take out the E, and then you just study deer.
 That's good.
 That's really good.
 That is good.
 Well, they wanted, I think, a slightly broader remit for their study.
 Total eclipse of the heart, or the deer, and other animals.
 All sorts of animals, actually.
 Warthogs anecdotally show no reaction to Total Eclipses.
 Komodo dragons move around a bit more than usual.
 OK.
 Giraffes huddle together.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 That's so good.
 Spiders dismantle their webs.
 Yeah, where is that?
 Well, like one specific species of spider rights.
 Yeah, the orb waivers.
 It takes it down.
 Total eclipse of taking your web apart.
 There we go.
 It's closer.
 It's lovely.
 There you go.
 Yeah.
 Much closer.
 Oh, dear.
 There was a, from in August 2017, the, I think this is the eclipse that you were talking
 about.
 There was a story went round, which it turns out wasn't true, but it got picked up by everyone.
 We think it's, we think it's not true.
 It's not confirmed entirely where a bunch of people were hospitalized because their eyeballs
 were really hurting because they weren't able to get their hands on the proper glasses that
 you would wear to use to look at the eclipse.
 So instead they thought they'd put suntan lotion on their eyeballs and that would help.
 No, that's not true.
 That's the story.
 And it was reported by Forbes and Snopes tried to get to the bottom of it and they called
 up all the places.
 They never heard back from the one lady who was quoted, who was called Trish Patterson,
 who gave a quote saying that this had happened.
 So it's inconclusive.
 Because people have sunglasses.
 I mean, that's the thing.
 Most people didn't have sunglasses at the point, but I mean, normal sunglasses, not
 special sunglasses, because I know you can't get special.
 Are they lined with a particular crevium?
 Yeah, they are.
 But that's Andy says, you would have thought before you go to the suntan lotion on the
 eyeball, you would go prepare sunglasses, like an ordinary pair of sunglasses.
 Yeah, but you might just be out in the beach that day or whatever.
 You've got your suntan lotion.
 You haven't got access to glasses.
 You've forgotten as a solar eclipse, I think you're going to someone said you could use
 a Ritz cracker because there's little holes in the Ritz cracker.
 So if you hold two Ritz crackers to your eyes, I don't think that works either.
 Does it?
 No, it's ultraviolet.
 Because it will still let the sunlight onto your retina to burn it.
 I think you might be able to hold a Ritz cracker and then put a sheet of paper behind it.
 And I reckon you'd see the...
 Because then the image of the sun appears on the paper, but don't put the cracker over
 your eyes.
 Well, look lots to test out when the next solar eclipse happens.
 I never thought of using a Ritz cracker for stuff like that, though.
 You could spy on people with a Ritz cracker or like, you know, when they have newspapers
 on a bench in a park, a spy.
 So I'm just holding up a Ritz cracker.
 I think the idea is that you think someone's reading the newspaper, which is a completely
 normal thing that someone might do, whereas putting two Ritz crackers over your eyes is
 going to automatically arouse suspicion.
 You'd have to spend years normalizing that activity.
 And there could be a really fun viral ad campaign Ritz crackers did.
 Like the Ice Bucket Challenge.
 Yeah, yeah.
 You've got wits putting Ritz crackers over your eyes.
 Yes.
 Everyone does it.
 Get Ritzy.
 Yeah.
 And then it's all part of the long game for that bench moment.
 If anyone from Ritz crackers is listening or am I six or please do get in touch.
 It's unlikely brand partnership in history.
 So another famous eclipse chaser is Cecilia Payne Gaposchkin in 1919, when she was 19
 years old, she went on a solar eclipse expedition to Africa.
 She later became the first woman to chair a Harvard department.
 So she's a very famous academic and she is a person who proved what stars are made of
 by spectroscopy of the light emitted.
 So she worked out that it's made of helium and hydrogen, mostly all the stars, the sun
 and all stars.
 But we only found that out when she was in the early 20th century.
 Oh, early 20th century.
 Yeah.
 So before that, they thought it must be made of metal.
 Some kind of maybe some meteorites are flying into the sun and that metal kind of burns
 and burns and burns.
 That's what they thought.
 Anyway, she worked out that it was made of mostly hydrogen and she wrote this paper about
 it, but everyone thought it was obviously bullshit.
 How on earth could that possibly be true that the stars are made of hydrogen and helium?
 And so when she wrote her thesis at the very end, she wrote, this result is almost certainly
 not real.
 What?
 Oh, no.
 Because she wants to protect her career.
 She thought that if she did this, yeah, she didn't back herself.
 And it would be another 10, 20 years before people realized that that was true.
 That's terrible.
 Well, all you're hedging your bets and cheating, guys.
 You can't say, oh, here's what I definitely think, except I may be just joking.
 Have you guys heard of Donald Liebenberg?
 Donald Liebenberg.
 No.
 From Clemson University in South Carolina, a very well-established umbra file, eclipse
 a holic.
 Okay.
 Call him what you will.
 Nerd.
 So he's not seen more eclipses than anyone else.
 There is a group of people who, as of 2017, had seen 33 each and they were the front runners,
 which is a lot.
 Oh, do you reckon there's going to be like a murder mystery where they all knock each
 other off so that one person has the most or there's another eclipse, but it's a difficult
 place and they all stop each other from getting there and like it's a mad, mad, mad, mad world.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 This is great.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, Liebenberg, he's, okay, riddle me this.
 He's not seen the most eclipses in the world.
 He's only seen 26, but he's spent more time in the totality of eclipse than anyone else.
 Even though other people have seen several more than him, yes.
 How can it be?
 Is he a pilot?
 No, but you're so close to the right.
 Was he on a plane?
 Hostess.
 He's an ass.
 Yes, yes.
 No, for the 1973 eclipse, which is on June 30th of that year, there was a group of eclipse
 experts who got on Concord and they followed the path of it and they experienced 74 minutes
 of total eclipse at a thousand miles an hour.
 Crazy.
 How cool is that?
 It is cool.
 You've got too much money.
 How did they see where they were going, Andy?
 Surely.
 Obviously, the plane had a torch on its front and planes have headlights, you know.
 But to me, right, the whole point of an eclipse is it's over in like six minutes, right?
 Yeah.
 It's like it's bright and then the six minutes of weirdness and then it's bright again.
 If you're going for 74 minutes, you might as well just fly at night time.
 Exactly.
 But I think things might stay weird and get really weird.
 79.
 So you're going to replenish the suntan on your eyeballs.
 I was wondering about the glasses for people who can get hold of them, the special ones.
 And I found out that there's a company called American Paper Optics who are the main producers
 of them in America and their revenue doubles in years of solar eclipses.
 Wait a minute.
 A lot of people buy it.
 Do you think it would more than double?
 You would.
 You think it would be an enormous spike in those years and quite leaving the other years.
 They make other types of glasses as well, right?
 They make 3D glasses.
 So most of their customers, you know, when you get a 3D cinema or you sell them in cereal
 packets or they're mostly freebies that they hand out so they get branding deals with companies.
 But in like in 2017, for instance, their revenue went from seven million to 14 million dollars.
 That's doubling.
 And that's doubling.
 That's what doubling is.
 And they've prepared for two and a half years for the 2017 eclipses.
 They doubled their stuff and the guy who runs...
 Well, they could afford to, couldn't they, with all that double revenue they were counting
 on?
 It works out perfectly.
 That's good projection.
 And the guy who runs the company is a guy called John Gerrit who seems to be really obsessed
 with eclipses.
 He actually got his big glasses break in the cardboard glasses world in 1991 when this
 astronomer got in touch and said, "There's going to be an eclipse.
 Can you make some glasses for me?"
 I hear that you make cardboard glasses.
 And it ended up being a massive deal.
 And he sold a million glasses to Corona Beer in 1991 when the eclipse was in Mexico.
 And I think it must be that Corona, because of the Corona and the Corona, perfect partnership.
 Genius.
 Brilliant.
 That's very good.
 Yeah.
 There was, you know, we spoke about solar eclipses not on a podcast, but on a book.
 2017, our book of the year.
 We had literally our scripted conversation in there and there's a great fact in there,
 which is that NASA has two accounts, which is NASA Moon and at NASA Sun.
 And on the day of the eclipse, NASA Moon blocked NASA Sun on Twitter.
 Yeah.
 Brilliant.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in 1906, there was a music streaming service which involved
 just two people playing keyboards down the telephone.
 So would I ring up and I'd immediately get piano music played at me?
 You would.
 Yeah.
 So this was someone waiting for a call, basically.
 And whenever the phone rang, they'd have to answer it and start playing piano at me.
 No.
 This is phenomenal when you think about the sort of the scale of what this person had
 built.
 So this was a lawyer called Thaddeus Cahill and he's 1867 to 1934.
 And at the end of the 1800s, he decides he wants to invent a machine whereby if you called
 up this one phone number, you would get music just streaming to you.
 And it was a subscription model.
 So he was going to sell it to hotels and restaurants and so on.
 What you would do is you would hold a paper funnel to the phone receiver.
 So that would act as your amplifier to the room that you were playing it out to.
 And I think in answer to your question that they would be just playing Bach or whatever
 and whenever you phone them up, you would get whatever they're playing at the time.
 So if they're playing chopsticks, you get chopsticks.
 So he basically invented the concept of music, sort of background music that can just be
 playing.
 But he, to do this, he invented a machine which was called the Telharmonium, which was
 as big as the office space that we're in right now, a ginormous room in Manhattan.
 Can I just say, Dan, sorry to interrupt, but people at home don't know what the QI office
 is like.
 I think at the moment they're imagining like an aircraft hanger or something.
 We now have clips on YouTube.
 You can watch it.
 You're so right.
 It weighed 200 tons.
 It weighed 200 tons.
 And it was 60 feet long.
 So it's actually significantly longer than the bit of the office that you can currently
 see now if you are watching on YouTube.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 A picture, more feet the other way from the video.
 They had all these phone lines that would be hanging in front of basically a ginormous
 gramophone horn, which was the music as what was being pumped through.
 I mean, it's very complicated to get your head around what this machine was, but effectively
 what Cahill had invented was the first synthesizer.
 It was electronic music.
 I love the way of explaining how complicated all the wires were and stuff.
 The Republican and Herald newspaper in Pennsylvania in 1907 started off explaining how it works
 and then said, "It would be useless to describe the more complex principles of the Telharmonium
 because it would require diagrams and mathematics."
 I'm with him.
 It really tells I want to dance relatively.
 Yeah.
 What's the surname of that?
 Yeah.
 So this was in Manhattan, as I say, it was located on Broadway in 39th Street.
 It took up an entire floor of the building.
 He called it the Telharmonic Hall.
 He also called it the Music Plant.
 And he advertised it as the music of AD 2000, which is really cool, really sci-fi.
 He knew he was onto something that was kind of looking into the future.
 Now, there's no radio at this point.
 This guy is decades ahead of any other kind of broadcasting of just playing music out.
 And there was a rumor that this was all generated, this music, by two people who would supposedly
 play for 24 hours.
 That was said in passing in an article, so there's no confirmation on that.
 It might appear.
 Yeah, but the music was being played by people.
 And supposedly, this is where I get confused, could emulate sounds like the flute, or-
 Well, it was electronic.
 That was why it was so amazing.
 Yeah, but how?
 Did they record the-
 No, no.
 You add...
 So I thought this was really interesting, because I've never known how, like, when you
 get an electric keyboard and you press a button that plays a symbol or whatever, how
 do they do it?
 And it's basically just you add lots of harmonics to one tone.
 So another amazing thing about this is it wasn't a normal musical instrument, it was
 an electronic instrument.
 So I think if you stood next to it, I'm not quite sure how the gramophone horn bit works.
 If you stood next to it, you couldn't hear it play, I don't think.
 You could only hear it play when the electrical signals were transmitted through cables, and
 they were interpreted into sound at the other side.
 And the electrical signals through this very complex system, you could overlay lots of
 different notes on top of each other, so you'd have, like, the main note.
 But then they worked out that the reason a trumpet sounds different to, like, a violin
 is because there are kind of, like, harmonic sounds overlaying that main note.
 That's insane.
 It is unbelievable.
 I'd love to know how realistic it was.
 Wow.
 I mean, it is that on top of what Anna's saying, there's quite a lot more, but it would be
 kind of difficult to explain without mathematics in the program.
 So we probably won't go into all that stuff now.
 And we don't have any recordings.
 This is the other thing.
 And it doesn't exist.
 And it doesn't exist anymore.
 And it doesn't exist anymore.
 It was all for scrap.
 It's incredibly tragic.
 And there were complaints as well.
 So it interrupted other transmissions at various points.
 Yes.
 So many complaints.
 The US Navy complained that they had secret wireless transmissions, which they'd like
 to hear, but they were getting Rossini overtures instead, thanks to the telemonium.
 It interrupted phone calls a lot.
 I mean, that was one of the reasons that it didn't succeed in the end, was that there
 were just so many problems with it.
 People would be on the phone and music would bleed in.
 And in fact, I read one newspaper article from the time saying it had almost broken
 up a marriage because a husband had called his wife to say he was working late in the
 office.
 But she heard the William Tell overture playing in the background.
 So of course said, bullshit you in the office, may you round at a concert.
 Having sex to the William Tell overture.
 The US Navy one, I think, by the way, later on, I think in 1911, he worked with a guy
 called De Forest and they came up with a new system that was basically the teleharmonium.
 But instead of going through telephone lines, they would use radio technology.
 And it was when the US Navy was using radio technology as well, they would get that kind
 of thing.
 And there was a later bit of his grill where he was working on something else, where he
 was still.
 And it must have been good because it did get good reviews.
 So we don't have any samples of it anymore.
 But Mark Twain basically said he would postpone his death just to hear it again.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 How comfortable was he that he could do that?
 Exactly.
 He just sounds like you're in a situation where someone's about to kill you and you're
 like, no, no, just one second.
 I just want to listen to the William Tell overture one more time.
 A last, yeah, like a last meal, a last song.
 So he was quoted, he went to a recital basically, he was invited to go to one.
 And he said, every time I see or hear a new wonder like this, I have to postpone my death
 right off.
 I couldn't possibly leave the world until I've heard this again and again.
 And so in 1907, at this point, the plan of Cahill was that he wanted to put it into places
 like, as I said, hotels and restaurants, but he couldn't get it into people's homes.
 And Twain managed to work out that he could get it into his home because of his celebrity
 status and so on.
 And so the Times reported that he was going to glory in the fact that he would be able
 to rejoice over other dead people when he died in having been the first man to have
 tellharmonium music tuned in his house like gas.
 Twain, Twain seemed really, really, really like it.
 He said he wanted street lights to be connected to it, which would play the funeral march
 during his funeral as his funeral procession.
 He seems quite obsessed with death, doesn't he Mark Taylor at the moment?
 Yeah, yeah.
 He was getting elbow at this point, wasn't he?
 Yeah.
 He was annoying, making him in the afterlife immediately going, "Yeah, in your face, I
 heard the tellharmonium!"
 Well, you do know that got dismantled after two years, don't you, and no one ever heard
 of it ever again.
 What?
 So there was an earlier thing called the Teatrophone in 1881, and that played, it was in Paris,
 and it was the theatre phone, and it transmitted music, but also some theatrical productions
 over the phone.
 Cool.
 No, hang on a second.
 Did phones exist in 1881?
 Yeah, yeah.
 There were quite a few.
 There was only one.
 Yeah.
 Now there were some in 1880.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah, yeah.
 When was it in the 1870?
 Was that when Bell patented?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It was early, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 Well, because people thought with the phone, weirdly, they thought the phone was going to
 be used for mass entertainment, and they sampled this loads of time.
 So yeah, there was the 1881 thing.
 There was, I think the longest-running, most successful version of mass entertainment via
 phone was the telephone newspaper, and this was in Hungary, and it was invented in 1893,
 and it ran until 1944, and it was a subscriber service, and you just called it whenever,
 and it started off just being a news service, so you called it, and they tell you the news.
 But then it was music performances, there were fun, new pop songs, whatever you played.
 When was this?
 It was probably shows, 1893.
 So was it a live programme, or so you didn't request?
 You had to tune in at, let's say, noon for the headlines, and if you missed the headlines,
 you might get the column later on, or the crossword.
 Yeah, there was no record option, you can go to it later on.
 That's brilliant.
 That's incredible.
 Even in the 1920s, 10,000 people were signed up to the system in Hungary, where you called
 up to get your news.
 That's amazing, but do you remember when the internet first started, and it was through
 telephone lines, and anyone was making a call, you couldn't use the internet?
 Yes, yes.
 Well, it would be the same here, if someone was listening to the news, you wouldn't be
 able to make a call.
 That would be really annoying, wouldn't it?
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 So the telephone wires were laid between Buckingham Palace and a bunch of concert halls in London,
 so that the royal family, whenever they wanted to, could listen to a concert.
 Cool.
 Without having to, because it was a bit lowering to go into a music hall, for instance, if you're
 the Queen Victoria, you know, you definitely wouldn't go into a music hall.
 Even having a phone line laid to a music hall is, I think, a bit undignified.
 Wow, you are one of the snobs of the 1890s.
 If there's a raucous, naughty performance, maybe you can't see her getting naked as well.
 She's probably just enjoying the "da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da" as a great tune.
 But I guess if, yeah, it depends on the venues, I suppose, as in some venues, I'm sure we're
 very reputable.
 There must have been some reputable music hall.
 Well, she wasn't doing a phone call to some sort of a pub in Soho.
 It was going to be a guinea minute for this phone call, ma'am, are you sure?
 It wasn't a sex line, okay, but it was so that...
 She was saying Queen Victoria didn't have a sex line installed in Buckingham Palace.
 Not that we know of, but we can't be sure.
 But it was for the slightly more improper performances that it wouldn't do to be seen
 at.
 Who knows?
 That's so cool.
 On music platforms these days.
 So obviously, huge music platforms, you know, like Spotify and things like that.
 One growing and rapidly growing music platform is Peloton Bikes.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 Like, they've all got...
 They've got licensing deals and they've got their own in-house music department specifically
 to license...
 Oh, do you mean Exercise Bikes?
 The brand Peloton?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It's in...
 Not anyone in the TARDO France because anyone who's not in the lead, but it's in the main
 group.
 They have to carry a big boot.
 Yeah, there's the yellow headphones and whoever's in the lead on the TARDO France gets to listen
 to the music.
 Oh, of course.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 No, but the Prince, as in the musician Prince, dead now, but the Grateful Dead, confusingly
 I think a lot of him is still alive, and Beyonce, they've all licensed their music specifically
 to Peloton for massive amounts of money because it gets used in the exercise classes.
 So this is the forefront of streaming is Exercise Bikes basically.
 But it's not exclusive tracks, is it?
 No, you can still get them on Spotify.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 You can.
 So in the early days, I think Peloton was just using a lot of the music in their exercise
 classes and obviously they're making money out of these exercise classes and I think
 it was a big old fuss about it.
 Well, that's a big...
 I mean, I think we've said that Guitar Hero with certain bands like Aerosmith were making
 more money from the licensing deal that they did for that than they would make on their
 records.
 Yeah, that's a big industry now.
 Would you want to, I don't know much Grateful Dead, I know a bit of Prince and it's weird
 and I don't know if I'd want to cycle to it.
 Beyonce can totally see the cycling...
 Yeah, she's really the queen of Peloton.
 You can get Beyonce-themed classes specifically to do on your bike.
 And riding your bike, of course, gives you an amazing arse, which is what she already
 has.
 So that's something to strive for while you're riding.
 I just see that from somebody who cycles a lot, by the way, and you basically cycle
 every day and you're like, "You know what, people who cycle amazing arse."
 Oh, my God, that is rock hard.
 I'm sitting on two boulders right now.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that Australian Aboriginal people sometimes built objects specifically to arouse
 the curiosity of emus.
 Well, it wasn't nice of them.
 It was naughty.
 Well, it wasn't naughty either.
 It was just a spicy.
 Well, as they say in Australia, "Curiosity kills the emu."
 Yeah, exactly.
 And it did kill the emu in this case, but the unborn emus in the egg.
 That feels worse.
 Well, this is maybe the worst way I've ever introduced the fact of the show.
 There are these things.
 The emu crawlers and Aboriginal peoples were built them.
 They're cylinders of carved wood, and when you bang the end with the flat of your hand,
 it produces a sound which apparently is reasonably like the noise of a female emu.
 And this has to be a female emu as well because with emus, the male is the one who sits on
 the eggs and nurses them towards, incubates them.
 That's the thing.
 And so one hunter will hide in the bush playing this thing, making the noise of a female,
 banging away.
 And the male will say, "Oh, a female emu," and go and explore.
 And then his colleague, the man in the bush's colleague, will steal the emu's eggs without
 being pecked to death, and that is absolutely the name of the game when you're hunting.
 And so then you've got a lovely emu omelet.
 Feed four people.
 Feed four people.
 And the other way it was used sometimes is to distract a mob of females, and you can
 move them to one place where you want them to go so you can shoot them.
 So it was used by hunters sometimes as well.
 So I will say the father, in Andy's case, kind of had it coming because he was going
 to cheat on the mother of his children, right?
 Yeah, but you know what's happening at the same time.
 Like when a male emu is incubating the eggs, the woman's off shagging other emus.
 It's true.
 And not only that, she shags the other emu, gets a baby in an egg, and then slips it under
 the other father.
 Yeah.
 It's all complicated.
 There's no villain in this piece.
 Oh, no.
 No villain.
 I thought the male was the villain a while ago, Anna.
 She can store sperm as well, right?
 Like multiple different sperm that she can then revert like this.
 You've got to sort of larder.
 I didn't know that.
 I catch it.
 That's what I read.
 It sounds like Dan's saying there's a kind of cupboard inside the female emu.
 That's kind of how it works.
 Yeah.
 But can she select?
 I think he'll have a little bit of Tony today and then fertilize from him.
 I don't think so.
 I don't think there's a sort of like spice shelf for the difference.
 But the male doesn't eat or drink or defecate during the incubation of the eggs, which is
 56 days.
 I'm not going to judge him for hearing a female and thinking, "Oh, I wonder..."
 So he doesn't have time to poo, but he does have the chance to shag another female.
 Yeah.
 It's all about priorities.
 Yeah, isn't it?
 How appealing is he going to be to that female?
 It hasn't showered in 50 days.
 Bows on leash immediately.
 There's a slight advantage for the males, I think, when the females can bring other eggs
 back and make him incubate them, even though they don't belong to him, because if he's sitting
 on his own eggs, but also some other dad's eggs, if the eggs get attacked, at least it
 raises the chances that someone else's kids will be lost.
 Oh, okay.
 That's pretty dark.
 Yeah.
 I suppose one of the thing is, the first eggs to hatch will be his eggs, right?
 Because he was the first one there, and that means that when all of the kids have hatched,
 his will be the oldest and perhaps the strongest, so that might help as well.
 Because the male looks after the chicks for, I think, about seven months.
 It's a long old time that the male is doing the carry-off, and sometimes we'll take on
 other chicks which got lost from other broods.
 Yeah, right.
 This object that they make, if you can imagine a didgeridoo, it's like a small didgeridoo,
 and it's sometimes known as a woman's didgeridoo, because it's a small version of it, and they're
 made in the same way.
 So they're not necessarily made by the humans, they're kind of naturally made by ants eating
 out the middle of a trunk, and then decorated.
 And they do sound, if you listen to a didgeridoo, so I haven't heard what the emu cooler sounds
 like, but I imagine it's a slightly higher-pitched version of a didgeridoo, they do sound a bit
 like emus.
 Like, the emu noise is very kind of like something grunting underwater, I thought, which is a
 little bit like a didgeridoo, but it's not the only way to attract an emu if you're in
 the business.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 It must be.
 Myriad ways.
 Oh, God, there are a lot of ways.
 Yeah.
 Des Fallon called himself the world champion emu cooler in the '90s.
 I can't find any official record of that.
 I think it might have just been self-styled, but he said, and this does work, and lots
 of people do it now, you lie on your back and you wave your legs in the air, kind of like
 a turtle that's been turned over, and you sort of make a noise like a strangled cat sort
 of grunting noise, and halfway between it being in pain and being in love, I think one
 researcher said.
 That's amazing.
 So that's a good version or take on that, which is that you lay on your back and you
 put one leg in the air with your foot in that position that it looks like it's an emu's
 head, and it confuses the emu into thinking it's another emu, and it comes over to investigate
 you.
 Because they're so stupid.
 Apparently, they're so stupid according to a big research study that was done.
 I can tell you that emus do really like, they're like shiny objects a lot.
 So if you put a disco ball in a tree, emus will stare at it for hours on end.
 Really?
 Really?
 And then once, a bit of macarena?
 Well, I think this has been, a similar thing has been used in hunting them.
 So again, traditional aboriginal hunters will lure emus by hanging a ball of emu feathers
 and rags from a tree, which I guess must catch the light, or I mean, it certainly looks weird
 and it's an unusual object for them.
 And they just gather around it and they're captivated, at which point you can throw a
 spear at them and kill them.
 Is that not because they're all going, "Hang on, we're flightless.
 How did that emu get up in the tree?"
 She's cracked it.
 Hey Barry, what was the trick?
 Come on.
 That's so good.
 They can't fly.
 They do when they run, they still sort of wave their tiny little wings that they have.
 They think they're not fully sure why they do this from the article I read.
 The suggestion is it's a balance thing to help them with the speed because they can go
 very, very fast.
 But I did read that when they have, because they have predators like dingoes and eagles
 and so on in Australia.
 And one way that they fight against a dingo is they leap into the air and they just start
 stomping them, sort of like just jumping on their head and shoving them into the ground.
 They've got claws.
 Nice.
 But it's just such a wonderful fighting style touch.
 The tantrum.
 It's a toddler tantrum.
 Just on emu penises, which are rare, but, no, sorry, they're not rare for emus.
 Every emu.
 Every emu.
 Half of emus have an emu penis.
 Nobody else has an emu penis.
 But birds with penises are rare because 97% of bird species don't have them and emus
 are in the rare.
 But they don't have blood in their penises or when they have an erection, it doesn't
 fill up with blood.
 It fills with lymphatic fluid, which is very unusual and it's also low pressure.
 Yeah.
 So they can't keep an erection for very long.
 But one interesting thing about that is that the other birds that have penises also are
 lymph-based.
 Yeah.
 And so that means that the earliest ancestor of these two lineages of penis birds must have
 also had a limp lymph penis.
 And what that means is that it was some time, a long time ago, and what came before the
 birds, the dinosaurs.
 And so if we ever find out that a dinosaur had a penis and at the moment we haven't found
 it in the fossil record, but if we ever do, there's a good chance that it would also be
 a lymph-based.
 Ah, interesting.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I saw a picture of an incredible penis the other day and it was sent to me by John Blasch's
 Snell, the explorer.
 Was it his?
 You really should probably block him.
 His only fan's account is really, really cool.
 This is a great explorer.
 He's a friend of the podcast and he showed me a picture of a bat that he'd caught out.
 I think it was in the Amazon somewhere, ginormous.
 It looked like it was as tall as us basically.
 Did he catch it by the penis?
 He might as well have, because this bat was hung unlike anything I've seen.
 It was like a human penis on a bat.
 It was insane.
 I'll show you the photo later.
 It's truly extraordinary.
 I'm all right, actually.
 Are you?
 Okay, Andy.
 I'll get it to you.
 I wonder, because they hang upside down a lot, I'm just trying to think of...
 It would just keep bashing them in the face.
 I thought it was windy here.
 Did you guys read the Emu story from earlier this year?
 No.
 It was only a month ago, I think.
 It was Malmesbury in Wiltshire.
 Where I used to live.
 Really?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Very exciting.
 I wish I'd still lived there for this story.
 Well, there was a man who crashed his car into a shop front and he was with an accomplice.
 He ran away from the scene of the crash because he was incredibly drunk and incredibly high,
 I think.
 He was incredibly in charge of a car, crashed it into a building, legged it, and the chef
 of the local hotel was a guy called Dean Wade, saw him do this, thought, "I'm not letting
 someone get away with that.
 That's terrible."
 Chased after him.
 They ran away.
 They ran for quite some distance and they ended up at the edge of the local wildlife enclosure,
 which has a field full of Emus.
 And Dean Wade shouted, "Don't go in there.
 There are Emus."
 And the guy said, "I'm going in there.
 I'll take on the Emus."
 And the Emus absolutely, they pecked him a new one.
 They really went for him.
 He shouldn't have lain on his back and flailed around in the air.
 He was trying to do kung fu kicks and karate chops on this Emus, and the Emus was absolutely
 just dodging all of it and pecking and pecking and pecking him, and he was apprehended this
 man.
 I think we're crediting the Emus with the apprehension right, because the fact that
 this guy, the chef, is still in full chef's guard.
 He knew that the Emus could take care of it, so he was then free to go get the police.
 Was he sort of shepherding them towards the Emus?
 I'm not sure if it was a deliberate conscious thought, but I think when it happened he thought
 that's a stroke of luck.
 I wonder if he was okay with this guy?
 I think he's fine.
 Yeah, he's been alright.
 He lived.
 I wonder if the chef was torn to get the police, or to then go and steal the eggs from the
 next.
 Yeah, you're right.
 That would be great for the cocktail.
 Have we ever done the Emu War?
 Yeah, we have.
 Have we on the show?
 No, it was in International Factball, which I think isn't canon.
 Well, the interesting thing about it is when we mentioned it, did we mention that it's
 basically a myth?
 Is it?
 No way.
 So the idea is that Australia went to war against the Emus and lost, and far be it from
 me to back up the Australians, but it turns out that basically it was one Western Australian
 governor did declare war on the Emus, but didn't send all of his guys out there.
 He sent three people out to attack all these Emus, three men, a pickup truck and two machine
 guns, and that was against 20,000 Emus.
 And basically what had happened was there had been the war, the Second World War, and
 the Australian government had given land to a lot of veterans, but the land was really
 dry, it was really barren.
 They couldn't really grow anything apart from wheat, and the Emus loved wheat, so the Emus
 were going after the wheat, and the governor of Western Australia decided, well, we're
 going to declare war on them, and we're going to shoot them.
 Well, because they've got all these veterans living there.
 Well, that's what they thought.
 They thought we'll send three of our actual army guys, and we'll get all of the veterans
 to come in as well, but actually really, I mean, there was no chance that they were
 ever going to do anything.
 I think it was Major Meredith, who was the guy in charge of them, and he said, basically
 the birds could keep running even after they'd been shot, and so there was very little chance
 of them winning this engagement.
 Well, the other thing is like, if you had a big mob of Emus, let's say there's a hundred
 in a mob, as soon as you shot them, they split up into two fifties, and it was like the Gremlins
 when they get water on them.
 It's like being attacked by a worm, and you chop it up, and you just keep making it worse.
 And Meredith said after he said, if we had a military division with the bullet carrying
 capacity of these birds, it would face any army in the world.
 And really the reason that it became a big deal is because it was the time of the Great
 Depression, and the Great Emu War was kind of a funny story that they could have in the
 newspapers all the time.
 Yeah, right.
 It is funny.
 And it is funny.
 It is.
 That's amazing.
 That's not quite true.
 That's incredible.
 I feel like Aussies get so much crap for the Emu War, so now there you go, you can come
 back up people with.
 We only sent three old blokes in there.
 Exactly.
 And I have to say, on Twitter, this is probably the most requested story that people sent
 to me saying, have you guys ever spoken about the Emu War?
 It's just constantly...
 So there you go.
 You're welcome, Australia, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Considering you cheat so much at cricket, you should be very glad to have said this.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy, @AndrewHunterM, James, @JamesHarkin, and Anna, you can email
 podcast.qi.com.
 Yep.
 You can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing or our website, NoSuchThing,
 as a fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are up there.
 Also linked to this final bit of the Nerd Immunity tour, which we will be starting at the end
 of this month.
 It's only a few dates.
 Check it out.
 See if we're in a city near you.
 Do come along.
 And also, why not join Club Fish, the exciting new exclusive membership club for all the
 listeners of our show, where you can get ad free episodes, as well as exclusive extra
 content like Drop Us Align, our new show where we talk about all the correspondence and all
 the facts that have been sent in to us.
 It's really fun.
 Do check it out.
 It's on Patreon.
 It's also on Apple podcasts.
 So yeah, join Club Fish.
 Otherwise, stay here for all the free episodes that will keep coming every single week.
 No such thing as a fish.
 That's us.
 You know us.
 We'll be back again.
 Goodbye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
