 [soulful guitar music]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 this week coming to you from Arnmore in Glasgow, Scotland.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, and please welcome to this stage its Adich Zinsky, Andy Murray
 and Judge Markins.
 And once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days, and in a particular order here we go, starting with you, Andrew
 Hunter Murray. My fact this week is that for just one penny you can rent a B for a month.
 [laughter]
 What are we doing here?
 So what would you do with one B?
 Well you make friends, you take them on expeditions.
 So as we mentioned before on this podcast, a lot of bees in America live on trucks, and
 the reason they do is because they move around the country all the time because they rented
 out to pollinate crops, and they have this whole like basically a tall schedule where
 they move from area to area pollinating a new crop every few weeks.
 And there's a massive crop, the Californian Almond Crop, Almond, and that needs one and a half
 million beehives, which is a total of at least 30 billion bees, which is amazing.
 They all arrive around the same time, and so they arrive, they pollinate the crop, and
 then they go.
 And an American beekeeper whose name is Randy Oliver has calculated the cost of it, and
 he worked out that the cost is one penny, one US penny in fact, so a bit less than an English
 penny, per bee per month.
 So one English penny would get you 1B for two months, I think it's about 1.6.
 Six weeks.
 Yeah.
 Oh, okay.
 No worth it.
 It won't work for the holiday I'm thinking, I'm so happy.
 So you must get more than one, presumably, you must do it and there's no like number of
 bees, and then the minimum option is one, so what I'm asking is, what is the minimum number
 of bees that I couldn't hire?
 Don't know.
 Okay.
 You could probably...
 I've got a tenor in my pocket.
 It is a Scottish tenor.
 That would get you.
 They weren't except that James.
 Trust me.
 Hang on, wait, if it's one penny, let's just say it's one penny, so wait, wait, wait, wait,
 it's a thousand.
 But I don't think that's enough for a hive, I think the minimum is probably at least one
 hive.
 Okay.
 Do you know how bees collect pollen, I didn't know this, it's so cool.
 So they go and bees will go out, they'll either be collecting pollen or they'll be collecting
 nectar, they never do both at once, you don't want to mix those two.
 And if they're collecting pollen, they get under a flower and they get covered in pollen
 because they've got, you know, their hairy, their furry, and so pollen sticks all over
 them.
 But that's okay because they've got combs on their front four legs, so they use the combs
 on their front two legs to comb the pollen out of their antennae, and they use the combs
 on their middle legs to comb the pollen out of their fur on their body, and then they've
 got these two kind of buckets on their back legs, which I think they're called pollen
 baskets.
 And they're like, I mean, they just look like little baskets on the back of their legs,
 and they crush the pollen once they've combed it out of their hair into these two little
 baskets, and then they carry it home in their pollen baskets.
 Isn't that cool?
 That's very cool.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 And the one really amazing thing about bees is that they have a positive charge.
 They're electric.
 Bees are electric.
 If you're putting them into a remote control, or do you get double bee and triple bee
 and that proves you.
 So what happens?
 So the bee flies through the air, and it kind of hits particles in the air, and that gives
 it a positive charge.
 A bit like if you get a balloon and you rub it against yourself, and that gives the
 balloon a charge, it's a bit like static, but the flowers have a negative charge, and that
 means that when a bee goes into a flower, the pollen will actually jump, just jump from
 the flower to the bee.
 Wow.
 Using a lot of electricity.
 I've read today, bees don't pee or poo in space.
 Why would you go to, I don't go to space to poo, Eilah.
 That was the thing.
 Yeah, but if you were in space, you would, at some point, so I see, so when we send bees
 up there.
 Yes.
 So they hold it in.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So a bunch of bees were sent to space, and in space, they actually started.
 So a lot of little insects have been sent to space, particularly flying insects to see how they
 can cope with flying, and there's, I watched them amazing footage today, by the way, of
 opinions inside one of those vomit rockets that go down.
 They let them loose.
 If you don't know the vomit rocket, it's where they film zero gravity without leaving the
 earth's atmosphere.
 So you can do the weightlessness.
 And also, actual astronauts use it to practice being in zero energy.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So basically the plane is, what is it?
 So it goes up in a parabola, and it kind of makes it feel like you're weightless.
 Okay.
 So you fly around, and yeah, so on, and, you do.
 So they brought pigeons on board, and the pigeons just didn't know what was going on because
 they couldn't, they couldn't just fly and bumping into walls.
 At one point, a pigeon is flying upside down, and the others are like, what the, it's really
 confusing.
 That's, that's where pigeons will get their alien abduction stories.
 So they brought, they brought a bunch of bees into space, and they, they brought houseflies,
 and their houseflies, actually, they say for houseflies, it's a no-fly zone.
 They just don't bother.
 They don't even try.
 They start trying.
 They can't fly.
 So either they just try and cling to the wall, or they just stay still and just float
 everywhere they go.
 So houseflies don't fly in space.
 These kind of after about seven days worked out what to do, and they managed to, they even
 built a honeycomb.
 They even managed to make residents.
 And the, the main thing they noticed though, is that they just didn't go to the toilet.
 They were holding until they got back to earth.
 Well, I think it's because they were put in an enclosed hive, a space hive, weren't
 they?
 And bees do not defecate in their own hives.
 They don't shit with the eat.
 And so they literally thought, well, if I can't get out of this thing, then I'm not
 going to put in it.
 They're too polite.
 So they held it in for a week.
 Yeah.
 Because if they held it in thinking, I'll do it when I get back.
 That's quite optimistic.
 Because they're just bees.
 They don't know that they're actually going to come back to them.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So interesting, right?
 Moths, when they went into space, actually learned to, I think they were the smartest flying
 creature.
 They learned that they could kind of float in space.
 So when you try to flap, it doesn't really work because you get so disoriented.
 But the moths and zero gravity very quickly realize that they could change the method of
 flying and turn more into seagulls.
 And then they just sort of float it around on the air.
 Right?
 Yeah.
 Oh, cool.
 That's very cool.
 Well, then Moths, very clever.
 Do you know why honeybees die when they sting you?
 So most of the vast majority of bees don't die when they sting you.
 But most honeybees do die when they sting you.
 And it's because all of their insides are falling out.
 So I know.
 It's really sad.
 What do you mean?
 So when they put their sting into you, I think human skin is a bit too hard.
 So they can't properly retract their sort of barbed stinger as it comes out.
 So instead, what it does is rather than leaving behind just its sting, as it tries to pull away,
 it leaves behind, inside you, it's digestive tract and it's abdomen and everything.
 So, and then that, because it's not really a bee any more, it's just a lump of fluff.
 So that's over for them.
 You've found Muth even in a horrible horrible fact.
 But they evolved to mostly sting other insects or other bees or, yeah, so that's what the
 sting is really for.
 And they have no problem stinging them without, you know, without that happening to the world.
 So when they sting something with really tough skin and to a bee, we have really tough skin.
 Yeah.
 We need to move on soon to the next fact.
 Oh, can I just talk about other things you can rent?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 James.
 So you were very lucky to get off with the caution, I don't think.
 Guinea pigs.
 You could rent guinea pigs.
 Guinea pigs.
 Yeah, in Switzerland, you can rent guinea pigs, but only Switzerland as far as I can find.
 And that's because according to Swiss law, it's illegal to have one guinea pig on its own.
 You need to have a second guinea pig because they're really kind of sociable creatures and
 if you have one, they get lonely.
 And so the Swiss made a law against it.
 Wow.
 So what happens is one of your guinea pigs dies and you're like, OK, now I've only got one guinea pig.
 I'm going to have to get another one.
 But what would happen is you get a young one and then the old one would die.
 And then you'd have to get another young one and you just be in some horrible cycle of just
 always getting more and more guinea pigs.
 So some people have seen a gap in the market and thought, you know what we can do?
 We can rent one until the second one dies.
 And that's the thing.
 God, I must say, the Swiss parliament really does have time on his hands, I'd say.
 In Japan, you can rent an attractive man to wipe away your tears.
 Is there a phone number or a website?
 I ordered one for you. He's back to stage.
 Yeah, isn't this totally bizarre?
 It's definitely true.
 It's a Tokyo-based company.
 It's called Icomisodanshi and that means apparently roughly translated as handsome weeping boys.
 And it's if they're, you know, it's for women, specifically.
 And apparently women are prone to going to the workplace or whatever and bursting into
 tears.
 And so we need to hire attractive weeping boys to come and turn up to the office, wipe away
 your tears and come for you.
 OK, interestingly, I have been to Tokyo and I have seen the clubs they have which are
 kind of just handsome young men clubs.
 They're women.
 They're aimed at women and they're aimed at women I didn't go in.
 But it's just sort of, like, handsome young men hanging around in there looking cool and
 a bit emo.
 And the bill's very unreasonable as well.
 50,000 yen for a coke.
 But that sort of fits into that trend.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 Yeah, it does.
 Yeah, I'm sorry, that sounds traumatic for you.
 It's very hot.
 I think you've got a little Olaf waiting next door.
 Oh, is a really good Japanese name, I just didn't know it was him.
 Samurai, Olaf, we should move on to our next facts.
 OK, it's time for fact number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that Iceland imports ice.
 Yeah, it actually does.
 In shops now, you can get ice in Iceland.
 And particularly this one shop, which is called had cup, and it's a sort of grocery store,
 and they import ice.
 You buy them in blocks of four.
 And it doesn't make any sense at all because the water in Iceland is rated a total 100 percent
 for freshness.
 So if they've got great water that you can turn into ice, but they bring it in from Norway.
 So they now import ice from Norway.
 That's really good.
 Yeah.
 So I via the Twitter account of a guy called Janar, who was the mayor of Reykjavik, and
 he was actually a comedian who hated what was going on in the country, and he thought this
 is just bullshit.
 I'm going to run, I'm going to run his mayor of Reykjavik.
 So he said, I'm going to set up a party.
 They said, what are you going to call it?
 And he said, the best party will be the best party.
 So they set up the best party.
 We've spoken about this on the podcast before, and he made all the promises that anyone
 wanted him to make.
 So he was like, what do you want?
 I'll give you anything.
 I said, we want free towels.
 You'll have free towels.
 When I'm mayor, everyone will have free towels.
 Is that the first thing that the people demand it?
 I think they wanted to test the grounds first and see what he was going to go for.
 What?
 He could also say afterwards, by the way, here's my main promise, whatever you ask for and
 I agree to, I will break once I become mayor.
 So when he became mayor, he said, you're getting no free towels.
 I didn't know that Britain exports ice to China, anyway, and to Sweden.
 The British exports of ice to China have tripled in the last three years.
 Wow.
 Probably from quite a low base.
 But still, we have a company, there's a company in Yorkshire called The Ice Company.
 So not.
 Very good name.
 Yeah, not.
 I mean, a good, a descriptive name, if nothing else.
 And they make 500 tons of ice a day, they're in South Kirkby in Yorkshire.
 And this is the cool thing.
 So they have these machines which make ice, massive machines, and they make 300 pound
 blocks of really crystal clear, beautiful looking ice.
 And it's made in these huge freezing compartments, right?
 And the water gets frozen in cylinders and then huge blades chop it up.
 And then the cubes of ice are blow-dried, so they don't stick to each other.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So somewhere there's someone whose job is to be an ice hairdryer.
 Is that weird?
 That is weird.
 Well, clear ice is very sought after, and I think this might be why this Norwegian ice has
 been imported, because I think it's Mr. Iceman, isn't it?
 Yes.
 Which, again, is a very good name.
 And it, so I went to the Mr. Iceman website, and it's the Mr. Iceman ice that's now being
 sold in Iceland.
 And they advertise about that they've got the hardest ice in the world.
 So you can, if you're fee, if it's a special occasion, you drop one of these blocks of ice
 on your whisky and it takes twice as long to melt as an ordinary block of ice.
 So that's what everyone wants.
 It says, "For those that appreciate a whisky cold, but not diluted, they will cherish the
 ice block."
 Which is actually quite a good idea.
 Do you know the queen likes ice?
 But she does.
 Actually, that's a great fan.
 But she doesn't like the noise that ice makes in the glass.
 Does she have special flunkies to whenever the ice is getting close to the edge of the glass?
 Just dip their finger in and let it rebound off.
 I don't think the queen would like fingers in that drink.
 She drinks gin and du bonnet, it's her favorite drink.
 And she hates the noise that the ice makes.
 And so her favorite flunky Prince Philip invented a machine.
 He invented a machine that makes tiny ice bowls that don't grate against each other.
 And so now she can have her drink and it doesn't make any noise.
 He invented Prince Philip invented a machine.
 Yeah.
 I mean, they say it's tough at the top, but I had no idea just how tough it was.
 Well, that makes a really tiny ice bowl.
 Tiny little ice bowls.
 Those are popular.
 I've heard about them in fancy bars and things.
 They have sort of hand-carved ice bowls, which are good bites.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 And some unusual imports.
 Oh, yeah.
 Okay.
 So Germany imports Lederhosen.
 Wow.
 Really?
 There's only 100 others.
 Fewer than 100 businesses making Lederhosen left in Germany and they get most of them from
 China, though.
 Wow.
 That's one thing.
 Australia imports Dingo urine.
 Imports.
 Yeah.
 Where are the Dingo's from?
 Where's that side Australia?
 I think the thing is with Dingo urine, it's quite important that you have to get it from
 a captive Dingo.
 You can't just go into the wild and just grab a Dingo and like a lot of zoos around the
 world have Dingo's in them and so they get the urine from these places and then they
 import them into Australia and they use them to deter other animals.
 Right.
 And they cost us.
 Right.
 It's not true, I don't think it's even made in Australia and I'm drinking it now, I love
 it.
 So I feel really bad about that comment for a number of reasons.
 And it's illegal to bring dirty mattresses into Canada.
 What?
 You're not allowed to import a dirty mattress into Canada.
 You have to have it fumigated and you need a letter from the fumigator proving that you've
 done it.
 I wouldn't want someone bringing a dirty mattress into my house.
 And what is a country but a big house?
 Doesn't Canada mean large village in like an old native American language?
 I don't know.
 It does.
 Okay.
 I believe it.
 What do you say?
 What do you say it doesn't this?
 You mean this is a thing.
 Franz imports all its frog sex, doesn't it?
 Hard to say.
 Yes.
 Yes.
 From Southeast Asia.
 Yes.
 I think mainly from the Philippines, Indonesia, mainly from Indonesia and something
 from Japan.
 And yeah, I think frog farming is now illegal in France or, yeah, I think you can't really
 farm frogs in France but they still consume them and so they get them all from Southeast
 Asia.
 And they're becoming massively endangered frogs in Southeast Asia.
 Lots because the French eat about a incredible number of tons of frogs legs a year.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So it's very bad.
 It doesn't need.
 Cops is.
 The corpse trade is picking up.
 I think it's a problem in some countries like Turkey that people don't want to donate
 their bodies after they've died and so there's a cadaver shortage.
 Is it for like, dissection and...
 It's for dissection.
 Yeah, so for medical purposes and for like crash test dummies so if they're testing airplanes
 and things like that, they use human corpses.
 They do that.
 Yeah, they don't tell you that when it's the donate your body to science.
 They sit you in cars and this is true.
 They sit you...
 Who is they?
 They sit you in cars and they just slam the cars into walls and they sit because
 with a crash test dummy, a real crash test dummy, you can't tell what things will break in
 an actual crash.
 So it's saving people.
 Or blown up by a land mine, that's the other potential option.
 Is it?
 They test land mines on, which I would have thought is very obvious, if a land mine blows stuff
 up, it blows stuff up.
 But no, they test...
 But then the important thing with that is you need to know if there's a body part, this
 distance away, where was the original land mine.
 So it's all that kind of thing.
 This is all very important science, Andy.
 They actually, someone invented, just on land mines, someone has invented, this is quite
 a while ago, seeds that you scatter out into fields and when the plants grow, they touch
 the land mine metal and so what would otherwise be, let's say, a yellow flower, then goes red.
 So for all these countries that still have unblasted land mines, you can now see them.
 It's a quite a beautiful solution, they say, to how you can...
 It's amazing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Unless you don't know that they've done that and you want to pick a nice bunch of
 flowers.
 And these things...
 The yellow ones are a bit boring on land.
 Why don't you go and get a bunch of the red, Danny?
 And that's Valentine's Day ruined.
 We need to move on to the next thing.
 Okay, let's move on.
 Should we go for it?
 Yeah.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the most dangerous invasive species in Britain is a poo-eating
 muscle from Transylvania.
 It's true, man.
 It's true.
 This is a really bad evil muscle that's come in from Transylvania, and they are blocking
 up our toilets.
 I would have thought they'd be helping relieve the blocked toilets.
 Yes, that's a good point, but they have to live there, and they are really, really good
 at reproducing, and one female is capable of producing one million babies in a year.
 Oh, yeah, what's she called?
 So how are they getting here?
 You would get on ships.
 Yeah, on ships, bilges, and things like that.
 So when a ship is going from one place to another, they actually collect water from one
 area to kind of keep the ballast, and then when they get to the other place, they'll often
 release it, and then you'll end up with species moving from one place to another.
 It's like the bees.
 It's exactly like the bees.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, the bees of the ocean.
 Yeah.
 It's our fault, it's not their fault, they were happy in Transylvania.
 We brought them over, and they did what they did.
 Well, though, it's not just humans that can bring invasive species, because I went to a
 Glasgow museum today, and they said that there's, what was it, it was a, it was a plant called
 speawatt, and that's been brought to this area, and it's causing a real problem, and it was
 brought on the feet of geese, so when they flew over from, I think, from Africa, they carried
 this little plant over, and now it's become an invasive species.
 So it's not always us.
 Oh, thanks a lot.
 Wow.
 Geese.
 Yeah.
 And it's guys.
 So mussels get about reputation, don't they?
 If you look at mussels, there's pretty much no one's got a good word to say about them.
 They're invasive species everywhere, and they're probably in the Great Lakes in America,
 I think.
 So these, are they Quagga mussels?
 Yeah, Quaggas.
 Quaggas, and zebra mussels, I think.
 In America, they have zebra ones, and here we have Quaggas, but they're both named
 after horse-like creatures.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because a Quagga is like an extinct type of zebra, right, isn't it?
 What's up with that?
 [laughter]
 Quagga mussels.
 One of the things they do to native species of mussels, they literally sit on them and
 kill them by doing that.
 So I know, they physically push them into the sediment on riverbases and things like
 that, and it's sort of the native species are crushed.
 And one of the species, which is at risk, one of the native species of mussels is called
 "Siu d'un ordante complanata", and its common name is the depressed river mussel.
 [laughter]
 What a grimly prophetic name.
 [laughter]
 But, yeah, they were in ecosystems, like, ecosystems don't they?
 So in Great Lakes, they eat all the algae, I think, which then stops feeding organisms,
 which then feed other organisms, then it wipes out everything.
 And so you're just ever the lake full of mussels, which is a disaster.
 But I think they shouldn't get us such a bad rep, because they are natural water
 filters.
 Okay.
 You could just drop a mussel in some dirty water and then drink it a little bit later.
 You couldn't do that.
 But they do, they do sieve water.
 So when they are, when they're looking for a meal, then they take the water in and they filter
 it through their tissues and they absorb some of the stuff that they want from the water
 and then they release the rest of it.
 And what they absorb are a lot of the horrible chemicals in the ocean.
 So they'll absorb herbicides, they'll absorb like flame retardants, they'll absorb a lot
 of the poisons that we put into the oceans, and they will release purified water.
 So they're using that to remove contaminants in quite a lot of lakes.
 Well, of course, that's one of the reasons why they make us so sick if you have a bad one,
 because they're kind of filtering dirty water and leaving nice water, but they keep all the
 nasty things that make people sick.
 Yeah.
 And then if you get a bad one, yeah, that's why you get sick.
 Yeah.
 So this quagga, one of the reasons it's quite bad is not only does that eat human excrement,
 but there are other animals that eat its excrement.
 And one of them is a killer shrimp that they call the pink peril.
 Whenever it comes into any, whenever it goes into any lake, it kills all the other shrimps
 there.
 And so these two guys always kind of co-invade lakes or rivers.
 So whenever there's a muscle there, there's always the killer pink shrimp there as well.
 Right.
 And that's why it's like doubly bad.
 That's mortifying, isn't it?
 You're not even the guy who eats the poo, you're the guy who eats the poo of the guy who
 eats the poo.
 Wow.
 You know there's actually animals now that disguise themselves as poo so that they don't get eaten.
 Is that right?
 Yeah.
 So they would, if the muscle was around, they'd be in big trouble.
 But most animals don't eat them.
 So there's one that's called the moth caterpillar.
 So the moth caterpillar does have sort of little white bits on it and little brown bit.
 And it will disguise itself in a sitting position to look like bird droppings.
 So it's just quite safe.
 Anytime a bird sees it, things are, that's poo, I'm not going to risk it this time.
 So you've got the moth caterpillar, there's the orb weeping spider, there's a giant swallowed
 tail butterfly, and then this one's really on the nose, bird droppings spiders.
 And they all do that.
 They all disguise themselves.
 It's the evolutionary thing.
 And yet then they give themselves that giveaway name.
 It's like, what was the point of going to that trouble?
 They should have called themselves just some bird droppings, nothing to do here.
 So NASA have actually asked the community of scientists around the world and said that
 we'll be a prize for this if you can convert poo into a eating product because when we
 go for these long haul missions to Mars, you are going to need everything that you can
 get to be reused as potential source for something and they think poo might be what we
 can use for food.
 What is the judging panel of this competition?
 Actually, you know, Heston Blumenthal has now contributed to space food.
 I see.
 Yeah.
 So Tim Peake, the British astronaut who's gone up in space, he worked with Heston Blumenthal
 and his people and they've created a bacon sandwich that can be made and eaten and a cup
 of tea that can be made and drunk.
 Wow.
 And they're made up, too.
 Well, they didn't tell Tim that.
 Yeah.
 So that's quite cool.
 So Heston's already getting into space.
 Great.
 Oh.
 Speaking of defecation and Transylvania, which is where this poo eating muscle comes from, there's
 the Salina Terda Salt Mine, which is this huge salt mine and it was a salt mine until 1932.
 So it's massive.
 I think it's in the capital, the biggest city in Transylvania and it sounds like the coolest
 holiday ever now.
 Have you seen it?
 Really?
 Yeah.
 They converted it.
 So it's this massive expanse of mine under the main city there and they've turned it into
 basically a theme park.
 It's this underground theme park.
 It is in 1992.
 So it's got this massive 180 seat amphitheater.
 It's got basketball courts.
 It's got like ping pong tables.
 It's got mini golf.
 It's got bowling.
 You get carried around this big underground theme park in the old machinery that was used
 for mining once.
 They've got a huge underground lake and you can go on the lake and little boats.
 They've got this ferris wheel that takes you up around it and you can look at the stalactites
 and the stalactites as you go around on it.
 And they've transformed this disused salt mine.
 They didn't know what to do with for 50 years into the best theme park in the world.
 Sounds amazing.
 Yeah.
 We should go there.
 And that's in Terda.
 That's in Terda.
 Yeah.
 The edict of Terda is quite a famous thing, which is I think it was a kind of thing where
 it meant that in Transylvania everyone was allowed to have any religion they wanted and it was
 one of the first places in the world that had this.
 And I have this theory that that's why kind of people think of Transylvania as kind of
 this weird kind of gothic place because the Catholic Church saw that it was a place where
 anyone could have any religion they wanted and they kind of didn't like it.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 I think it might be because they had a leader called Raddy and Pela who had to pay hundreds
 of thousands of people on spikes.
 Yeah.
 They're a good place to be.
 They're a good place to be.
 They're a good place to be.
 They're a good place to be.
 So let's move on to our final fact of the show and that is Chisinski.
 Yeah.
 My fact is that until about 4,000 years ago, humans didn't notice the colour blue.
 Or most humans didn't notice the colour blue.
 Okay.
 Just escape their notice.
 So I'd not heard of this before.
 And so since reading into it, it's really fascinating.
 It's amazing.
 So the idea effectively is that someone looked through all the old literature that we
 have, any bit of writing, ancient Iceland, homer's odyssey, all that sort of stuff.
 And any time that there should have been a reference to blue, they used a different colour.
 And so the idea is that they actually think that maybe because there was no word describing
 it, we just didn't notice the sky, which is where you're looking at the big blue thing
 in the sky.
 And as a result of not naming it, it was just blended into different colours.
 Yeah.
 It is extremely controversial that.
 Yeah.
 This is a very controversial idea, but I think what corroborates it really nicely is that.
 So this guy who went through all these ancient texts, and it is from many different cultures.
 So yeah, Greece, China, Japan, Hebrew languages, none of them had the word for the colour blue.
 They started off all having black and white.
 They were the first words to colour words to appear.
 And then red was the next one.
 Then yellows and greens came in, and then blue was last.
 And the idea that maybe people weren't really noticing blue, or sort of couldn't distinguish
 it from others, does make a bit of sense when you look at this research that was done by
 a guy called Jules Davidoff, and he did this research in Namibia with the Himbert tribe,
 and the Himbert tribe does not have a word for blue at all.
 And you can look this up.
 It's really, really cool to do.
 What he did was he showed members of the Himbert tribe a series of, I think, it was 12 dots,
 and 11 of them were bright green, and one of them was bright blue.
 And he said, "Which one is the blue one?"
 And they couldn't tell.
 They just didn't know it, all the same to them, and so they really couldn't distinguish
 it.
 But then that tribe has many, many more words for green than we have.
 And they showed them a 12 green circles, and said, "Which one is the different shade
 of green?"
 And if you look at the green circles, you cannot tell.
 I can't tell which one was the lighter shade of green, and everyone who they tested immediately
 spotted the lighter shade of green.
 But the idea is that because they have more words to describe it and to distinguish between
 them, that we sort of learn, we automatically learn to distinguish that.
 I think it's a really, really interesting idea.
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 There's another kind of fact, which isn't really a fact, which no one could actually
 see the colour blue, or maybe they were colour blind or something back in the day.
 And the idea is, Homer wrote about the sea, and he said it was the wine dark sea.
 And people are like, "Why is he saying wine dark instead of blue?"
 Wine dark.
 Because when you see the sea in the evening, sunsert, it does, it can look the colour of
 wine.
 So maybe all the wine was bright blue.
 Yeah.
 It's just the ones mentioned.
 Well, there is a theory that they, in those days, they used to add water to the wine because
 the wine was a lot kind of stronger, so they'd add water to it.
 And the water might have had a high alkaline content, which made it look a bit more blue.
 And they made their wine look a bit more blue.
 That seems like a little bit like Clutchy that's stressed to me.
 Yeah.
 I don't think we'll ever resolve this argument one way or the other.
 It is amazing to think of it, though.
 It's very, very cool.
 I went on to a website called XKCD, where you guys must know this.
 It's a webcomic.
 Wow!
 I think that's what I'm going to say.
 I think the webcomic is in tonight.
 So it's a webcomic by Ronald Monroe, and he kind of explains things.
 And he did a really good kind of study where he looked at colours, and he had men and women
 looking at all different colours and saw how they described them, to see if there was
 any difference.
 And they found that actually men and women was pretty much the same, apart from women
 tend to add more things like light green and lime green, whereas men would just say something's
 green.
 Just green.
 It's just green.
 But why, why he did that?
 So that was a general thing.
 But what he did was...
 Classic lads.
 Let's look at it.
 Let's look at it.
 Let's look at it.
 Let's look at it.
 I'm going to have the pub and not qualify colours.
 Sorry, James.
 So what he did, what he did was, that was kind of a general thing, but he looked at all
 the different things that people had said and tried to find which were the most male comments
 and which were the most female comments.
 So these are the colours that women said much more often than men.
 So dusty teal, blush pink, dusty lavender, butter yellow and dusky rose.
 So they were things that women said that men really didn't say.
 And the things that men said that women really didn't say for colours were penis.
 I mean, it's not that it's not one colour for a star.
 It's just green, mate.
 You've got to see a doctor.
 Who's beautiful grass?
 It's green, it might be.
 So, penis, don't know, beige, spelt with an A and WTF.
 Wow.
 Yeah, apparently women can't see those colours.
 True, true facts.
 Speaking of penises, I've found and the colour of blue.
 Scientists have worked out how now to if they can flash a blue light at your eyes and give
 you an erection.
 It's a really new thing that's happening at the moment.
 At the moment, they've only been able to give mice erections, but they're working on it
 for humans.
 And the idea is that it stimulates a thing inside your eye that leads directly to a part
 of your penis, which I wrote down.
 It's called Corpus cavernosum.
 It's a region that gets filled up with blood to facilitate an erection.
 So you see this light and it opens it up and you can go crazy.
 I don't understand the science of it, but it was really hard to read the main sign of it.
 That was part of it, wasn't it, that part of it.
 Go on, you're around to realise.
 So the guy that the scientist is working on it, he calls it erectileopogenetic stimulator
 and when he was asked about it, so he said it's quite simple.
 Sometimes you get past the gene therapy part of it, shine a blue light, cause dick to get
 hard.
 And that's basically the science.
 It's amazing.
 It's to do with an algae as well.
 It's apparently a bit of an algae that they've taken out.
 I don't know if I've mentioned this about the new alternative to Viagra, which is playing
 sounds to your penis.
 What?
 Yeah, it's like Viagra doesn't always work and sometimes it has side effects, but this
 is the thing, they get a machine, they put it on the men's parts and they play very, very
 high clicks like this.
 It is real.
 Just you like Dolphins a bit much.
 Is this a very, very coded way of telling us about your awakening when he's all flipper?
 But it does work.
 It does work.
 That's incredible.
 It kind of excites the blood vessels to kind of open.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 This is real science people.
 I mean, I've got a fact about eyes and colour perception, but I'm not sure we can go back.
 I've been really happy if we went back.
 Okay.
 Yeah, let's go back to ours.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Tarantulas have evolved to be blue or for parts of them to be blue separately on eight
 different occasions in nature and we don't know why.
 Why do they keep forgetting how to be blue and I mean to re-evolve it?
 When they branched off into separate, I think it's separate genuses and separate species.
 Or maybe it's separate species within the same genus.
 They have independently in though once they've branched off.
 I see.
 They have no idea.
 And they don't have good colour vision.
 So it's not like they know.
 That's the really weird thing.
 And it's not driven by sexual selection because they can't see when each other a blue.
 They have no idea.
 They can't tell.
 So we have no idea.
 Maybe it hides them from the prey or maybe it, you know, has some other effect, but yeah.
 Wow.
 How weird.
 I was reading that you can now get your eyes turned blue if you have brown eyes for $5,000.
 The idea is that actually right behind every brown eye is a blue eye because it's all to
 do with colour.
 So you can actually burn away the brown and sitting behind it is the natural blue.
 Yeah.
 So people are doing this now.
 They say that babies all have blue eyes.
 I don't know if it's true, but they do say that.
 That's true, isn't they?
 They do.
 As all babies have very pale blue eyes for the first few days and then they sort themselves
 out.
 Get their acts together.
 That's really cool.
 If I hadn't recently spent all my money renting these, I would definitely put my eyes.
 Let's wrap up.
 Shall we wrap up?
 Okay.
 That's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 Uh.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about things that we have said over the course
 of this podcast, you can find us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 @Xshaped.
 Andy @AndrewHunterM.
 You can email podcasts@QI.com.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 Yeah.
 All right.
 All you can go to.
 No special thing is a fish.com.
 That is our website.
 And we have all of our previous episodes up there.
 Thank you at home for listening to this episode.
 Thank you guys so much for being here.
 We'll be back again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC]
