 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisclosed locations in the UK. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anna
 Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go. Starting
 with fact number one and that's my fact. My fact this week is that firefighters use ping pong balls
 to put out wildfires. Wow. Do they fire the ping pong balls from enormous ping pong bats?
 You're thinking here perhaps that the ping pong balls are also enormous are you Andy? Oh yes.
 Or are you thinking that the wind from waving the bat might put out the fire?
 Well I was thinking of one massive one per wildfire and you just load it up with water
 and then you drop it on. Oh yeah. Yeah are they filled with water? They're not and I should just
 clarify for the listener Andy is wrong as well that is not how they do it. What this is in fact is
 these are little ping pong balls. They call them ping pong balls I couldn't officially find if they
 were you know taken from a ping pong ball bag but they look exactly the same and they are carried.
 What's a ping pong ball bag? You were laughing at ball bag James I saw it. I wasn't I was laughing
 at the idea that someone might have invented a specific bag to carry ping pong balls in.
 And that according to Dan's definition nothing is a ping pong ball unless it has been taken
 out of a ping pong ball bag. You know you're going to your mates he's got a table you've got
 your bat you've got your balls you've got to bring your balls in a bag so you've got a ball bag for
 your ping pong balls right? I wouldn't usually bring my own balls. No I've only ever arrived at the
 table and they've been there. I've never I would assume yeah that my friend has got his own balls
 and basically you have to be such a pro that you think bringing your own balls is going to improve
 your game by that much. There's different colour balls you're allowed to use different colour
 balls if your eyes are better for orange balls let's say then the white ball you don't want
 him getting an advantage. But like James says that does imply you are taking it quite seriously
 it's like bringing your own pool cue to a pub and then if you lose you risk looking like the biggest
 idiot that's ever walked into that room. I do know Dan that a lot of people have blue green colour
 blindness do you think a lot of people struggle to see the colour white but can't see the colour
 orange? Is that not a thing I always thought I had an advantage at ping pong when I brought my
 orange balls with me. Only if you're playing in the snow. Okay myth dispelled excellent start to the
 show. So when I tell you about the actual fact which is that this is used by wildfire firefighters
 and they fly up in helicopters and the idea is that if there's a massive fire you want to contain
 the fire by fighting the fire with fire and this is a classic thing that firefighters do on the ground
 they have blow torches. The idea is that you burn any surrounding wood brush whatever it is on the
 ground and it means nothing can feed the fire that's trying to escape further out so you contain it.
 So they worked out that if you put ping pong balls up into a helicopter and you injected it with
 different chemicals and you effectively created a bomb in the sky by mixing these chemicals live up
 there you drop them down and by the time they hit the ground they burst into flames and put themselves
 out very quickly so it's a really effective thing. So these chemicals are potassium permanganate and
 glycol and it's basically you put these two chemicals together and they create fire and it's
 a bit like how rocket engines work they have two chemicals and then they go together and they turn
 into flame but potassium permanganate which is the main one in these ping pong balls it's also used
 to kill fungi on your skin so you put it on your skin and it creates oxygen which kills the fungi
 or germs it's used to treat water it's used to keep bananas for longer it's used to age
 props in movie sets and it's used to purify cocaine all those different things this one chemical.
 Wow multi-purpose isn't it cool that is very cool it doesn't mean bananas are extremely flammable
 presumably or is it is it washed off or like will you get a banana and it's covered in this stuff
 that if I just hold it the wrong way it will spontaneously combust. It's a slightly different
 thing so it's the oxidization so bananas create ethylene which makes them ripen and actually
 that's why if you put a banana with other fruits it'll make them all ripen really quickly but this
 potassium permanganate will oxidize the ethylene and remove it and so it won't ripen quite as
 quickly. Okay it's really cool in these helicopters they have a ball machine that all the balls are
 sitting in and they already have the potassium permanganate sitting inside it and when they're
 getting ready for release they they head down the ball machine to the end where they're all
 individually injected with the glycol just before they're dropped so it's live bomb making basically.
 Yeah did you guys see the previous method by which they used to do this because there was
 the heli torch which is a helicopter with a hose attached to the bottom of it attached to a 50
 gallon drum of fuel it feels a bit less precise than using the ping pong balls to be honest
 but you do get to be called the burn boss if you are the one flying the helicopter.
 Alright so I'm still slightly confused you drop the balls but then they don't ignite so they ignite
 on impact how come they don't just explode the helicopter? Because it's the chemical reaction
 takes about 20 seconds for it to ignite within the ball so. Oh so you really have to send them
 out really quickly it's like holding a grenade that's been lit. Exactly that's exactly what it
 is it's pulling a pin on a grenade and then you lob them out of the helicopter so they can actually
 go in flames before they've made impact but they fly at such a height that the idea is that once
 they've landed that's about 20 seconds and then they can light up on the floor. Wow so cool.
 So ping pong balls used to be incredibly flammable anyway there was a change in 2014
 and they were made of celluloids we've talked about celluloid before because it was used in all
 the old cinemas and it was why cinemas kept on setting on fire in the 20s but same with ping
 pong balls and if you go online it says everywhere that back in the olden days ping pong balls used
 to just explode into flame mid-match because of the heat of the friction and everywhere says this
 and it is possible if you get it hot enough because it is very very flammable and I haven't
 found a single piece of evidence of a single table tennis match where any ball is exploded into flames.
 You'd have to hit it pretty hard. I didn't know about this thing they used to have in ping pong
 which has now been banned speed glue. Had you guys heard of this? Speed glue no. No speed glue is a
 special glue that you use on your paddle you glue the rubber on with a special glue about half an
 hour before the match begins and that soaks into the layer of sponge between the rubber and the
 blade and what it does is it makes the racket way more elastic than it normally is because the
 rubber cells expand in contact with this glue and it stretches out so it's like a trampoline for the
 ping pong ball every single shot you play and it is incredibly effective at making you much
 much better at table tennis and it's been banned by the Olympics. 2008 was the last time speed glue
 was allowed and they now have to have official paddle controllers at the Olympics to to check if
 anyone's doped their paddle. Yeah that's really interesting. It's weird because you'd think the
 opposite if you put glue on your bat you'd think it would be like one of those velcro and ball games
 you play at the beach where it would just stick to your bat a few times. If you put it on the wrong
 side yeah it's very easy to detect stupid speed glue dopers if they get the side wrong. Have you
 guys passed? There's a place in Holborn I remember walking past it once and I was just looking at the
 wall and London is full of blue plaques which tell you about its history and up there on the wall it
 says that this is where ping pong was invented and patented in I believe 1901. Yeah it's where there's
 there's a table tennis club there now isn't there called bounce I think it's on that.
 Yeah so like where it supposedly was invented is still where you go to play it but I couldn't
 I just couldn't find anything online to verify that including bounce's own website which seems to
 have no interest in this remarkable bit of history that has got connected to it. To be
 fair to bounce it's not a museum its aim isn't to tell you the history of ping pong it's really a
 place you go to play fun games it's you don't go to a you know a bowling alley and expect the
 history of bowling do you? But if it was the home of bowling if it was the site of Neolithic bowling
 it would be remiss of them not to use that as part of their publicity materials apart from
 anything else. Yeah you're right that's why they should employ us for all of their PR. This is a
 global game there should be a mecca of a location for I saw a book that was called Everything You
 Know Is Pong and it was claiming that ping pong is the most widespread of all the sports the most
 important sport that we have. I mean you know the guy was biased he was trying to sell a book on
 ping pong obviously he went for that line but I don't know it's you know historically an amazing
 location. Yeah. Just me okay well that's why I have a ball bag and you guys don't.
 So I was reading about 30s table tennis and there used to be a thing allowed called finger spin
 which is basically you could as it sounds spin the ball with your finger that was allowed. Was
 that before the rally started or you couldn't like catch the ball and then spin it could you?
 No as you were serving you could spin the ball and it basically meant you could have an impossible
 to return serve and the game became pointless and they had to universally ban that in 1937
 but then there are other changes as well so for example this is from Britannica
 they report that slow or defensive play used to be hugely popular in the field of ping pong
 and really you're just sitting back waiting for your opponent to make a mistake but I'm quoting
 directly here slow or defensive play at one time was so dominant that at the 1936 world
 championships in Prague an hour was needed to decide a single point. Imagine being in the
 audience for that match. Imagine the neckache of looking one side then the other then the other.
 Do you know how many hits it was Andy because a couple of weeks ago we mentioned the longest
 tennis rally of all time which was I don't know how many hits it was but I think the longest
 tennis rally was about half an hour wasn't it? It was in 29 minutes was it? Yeah so this is twice
 as long and table tennis is a fast sport so I think this might smash that record. Well it sounds
 like in this case maybe not it may have been only 10 hits they just put it really really high.
 It just got stuck in the rafters at one stage so it'll come down eventually.
 That was that match where the glue went on the wrong side of the paddles wasn't it?
 Okay it is time for fact number two and that is Andy. My fact is that it takes eight people to
 do an ultrasound on a python. Which one's that? Is it Erich Eider? So this is a story that happened
 at Chester Zoo in 2012 and it was on an extremely big python so maybe with some smaller pythons
 it'll take fewer people maybe with some especially wriggly ones it'll take more but this is a good
 kind of rule of thumb for how long it takes. It was a snake called barley a python reticulated
 python which is I think the longest kind in the world and barley at the time was reputed to
 be the biggest snake in Europe so pretty exciting. Needed a health check up and she was 6.6 meters
 long and as a result they needed eight handlers to move her because she weighed 90 kilos and
 has the capacity for aggression unsurprisingly and there are these great photos of them moving
 the snake all in a big conga line I guess and they've got her head in a tube it's very funny
 it's um to keep the snake calm you just put the head in a big old tube and then that stops it.
 I also saw another one in Chester Zoo there was another snake called JF and they instead
 of putting the head in a tube they covered their eyes with someone's hands so one of the in this
 case it was 10 people one of them covered their eyes with the hand eight of them held the snake on
 the table and there was a little hole in the bottom of the table and the 10th person was hiding under
 the table with the ultrasound and they kind of shoved it up the hole so you could see on the
 inside of the snake. Did they need to hold the snake down while they're doing it? It's not just
 for carrying them. Yeah most of the people are there to stop it from wriggling away. Wow because
 they're strong aren't they they're basically just muscle. They are strong I would not want that gig
 holding my hand in front of the eyes of a snake that close with your hand right out next to its
 mouth is madness it would bite you. No reticulated pythons they're not venomous it's the person
 who's going to get squeezed who's in trouble. But it is maybe worth it because you are obviously
 the eight coolest people in the zoo. Oh okay cool as a snake what's is that the ultrasound guys.
 I don't think any of us was with you there. No I reckon how many listeners will we have at this
 episode of million people. I reckon of the million people who listened to this episode possibly
 up 12 would have got that joke. Yeah yeah right in if you got the ultrasound joke because
 we are confident enough that we won't have a bulging post bay resulting from that gig.
 I reckon there was more people with me saying cool as a snake and that's not even a thing.
 So many scientists have done bizarre experiments to try and work out the secrets of snake anatomy
 because they are very confusing animals. So boa constrictors which are the squeezers they're the
 ones who wrap themselves around their prey. Scientists wanted to work out how long they
 squeeze for and why to work out their behavior in the wild and they did this by such a grisly
 experiment. They put fake beating hearts into dead rats but dead rats that were still warm
 so that the boa constrictor would think oh prey and they measured how long the boa constrictor
 squeezed for so they normally squeeze for 20 minutes which is quite long very long time actually
 and but when the scientists shut off the fake hearts after 10 minutes they stopped squeezing
 soon after that they thought oh it's safe so that's how we know that boas are measuring the heart rate
 of their prey as they squeeze. Interesting so they don't kill you by squeezing all the air out of
 you they kill you by giving you a heart attack is that right? Yeah yeah yeah rough. I read a
 really interesting thing about snakes that I didn't know which is that they effectively
 wear contact lenses nature's contact lenses not prescription and we know this because obviously
 we've studied snakes but a really interesting thing happens to all snakes as a result of this
 little cap that sits over their eye it's a sort of they don't have eyelids so it's a sort of protective
 cap translucent most snakes in the wild are brown eyed yellow eyed a few are blue eyed but at some
 point all snakes go blue eyed and it's part of the shedding process when the snake is shedding its
 skin it goes through different phases and there's a phase that's known as the blue phase and the blue
 phase is when milky fluid builds up underneath the old skin to allow it to slip off and as the
 eyes are a part of that the eyes have scales so these ocular scales that sit there they fill up
 with this milky blue and suddenly every snake at one point just has these crazy completely blue eyes
 so if you see a snake with completely blue eyes it's about to shed all of its skin that's the
 stage just before it all comes off. That's really interesting because I did the white workshop on
 radio two with Zoe Boll last week I think with Alex Bell and he was talking about this as well
 just by coincidence and he said that they like they get these milky eyes but also the skin just
 starts to feel loose around them so if you can imagine like suddenly all your clothes got 10%
 bigger or something you just kind of feel like you're in the wrong kind of skin and that's how
 you know it's time to slither out and you slither out of it Alex was saying it's like if you have
 a sock on and you wiggle your foot until the sock comes off and you drag your fuck backwards out of
 it I usually just pull them off with my hands I suppose they didn't have that luxury well snake
 well that's very insensitive to say to a snake because they don't have that option.
 Pythons which this this fact was about they eat a giant prey as we've discussed before and their
 metabolisms do extraordinary things to digest it but they have a very special way to avoid choking
 because the danger is that when you're eating something massive it'll just block your windpipe
 so some pythons just blob their trachea out of the corner of their mouth they vomit up their
 windpipe essentially and it hangs out of the corner of their mouth so that they can eat oh my god
 so and they can carry on breathing yeah because their breath height is outside of their body
 exactly very sensible so nothing ever goes down the wrong way basically if you can do that yeah
 yeah just don't leave it on a peanut that's lying on the floor or something yeah exactly
 like a worm could crawl up there or something right that's true I guess that's one good reason
 why we have it in our throats nothing else can get there that we haven't put in our mouths that's a
 really good point you'd feel like such an idiot python wouldn't you if you were halfway through
 swallowing a deer and you accidentally choke because of the worm crawling into your external
 windpipe that's so cool have you heard of the african egg eating snake I love this one okay
 where where is that from and what's it eat okay here we go um it's from africa and it eats eggs
 but it eats eggs that are way wider than its head and it's um but you know how you see snakes with
 a big lump inside of its prey it's so funny because it's perfectly egg-shaped obviously the lump
 inside but it has to break the eggs somehow but it breaks them after it's eaten them that's the
 weird thing and it does so because it has lumps on the inside of its spine and that's what it uses
 to break the shell so it has to smash its food against the inside of its own backbone in order to
 eat it right hey I found a really wimpy snake that I totally relate to called the hognose snake
 have you guys heard of the hognose snake hognose snake is a snake that when it's threatened most
 snakes are badass aren't they they rise and they scare you and they're ready for a fight the hognose
 snake is terrified and basically when it feels it's under threat from a predator it fakes its own
 death in front of the predator so it starts just kind of like oh god you got me kind of thing it
 starts rolling on the ground on its back going upside down its mouth wide open as if it's sort
 of choking on poison it poos itself um it lays belly up and it's a kind of like secretion that
 smells really bad like poo and and then it just lays there with its mouth open dead and just
 waits for the predator to walk away because a lot of predators want to eat something that's alive
 and also it's a bit awkward if someone's just shit themselves in front of you you are just
 going to walk away slightly embarrassed aren't you I mean yeah Dan after after we did the Richard
 Herring show the other night we did have an altercation with an extremely angry extremely drunk
 man and I was wondering where you had got those moves from and no I know just because you've been
 reading about the hognose snake and I apologize about the smell of the humour on the way back
 but it was necessary saved our lives have you guys heard of Grace Olive Wiley no okay this is
 an amazing kind of her pathologist and snake expert from history she was the first person
 to successfully breed diamondback rattle snakes in captivity but she started off her love of
 snakes when she worked at Minneapolis library and she kept snakes in the library but she
 liked them so much didn't like them to be caged up so they just kind of slithered around
 in her office and stuff like that basically her colleagues didn't like this at all and forced
 her to leave the library and then so she went to Brookfield Zoo and decided to work there and she
 just let them out and go wherever they wanted and at one stage 19 snakes escaped went off into the
 entire town and the whole town shut down and so then she got fired from the zoo but then she
 went to California and she became a snake expert and she was a snake trainer for the jungle buck
 and all the Tarzan movies a snake train for the jungle book because I've seen both jungle books
 at night of them involve training any snakes what was she doing training the drawings
 I haven't seen this I must say but now that you've said that I do see she was a snake trainer
 and reptile consultant so perhaps she trained the snakes for some of them as she consulted
 for the animated ones she she confirmed they do sing and then unfortunately in 1948 she was famous
 at this stage there was a photographer came to take a photo of her and they took a photo with a
 flash while she was holding a snake the snake got spooked it bit her and there was only one vial of
 the correct anti-venom in the local hospital and it had been accidentally broken and she couldn't
 be saved and she died oh my word you know well I mean I don't want to sound intensive but she had
 it coming she thought she genuinely thought that people shouldn't be afraid of skate snakes and
 they can't really hurt you unless they're really really scared and I think that is kind of borne
 out you know it was only because of this massive flash that she died sort of although 125,000 people
 a year are killed by snakes so let's be a bit afraid of them. That's so interesting because
 the stat I guess most of us are told is that no one in Australia where all of the most venomous
 snakes in the world are has died in the last 50 years or whatever but of course there are so many
 countries that yeah. Although apparently if we're scared of snakes we're not actually scared of snakes
 we're just scared of triangles this is a theory based on some of the latest research you have
 diamond-backed rattle snakes and stuff like that they've got those kind of triangular shapes
 or zigzag shapes on their bodies quite often and you'll get snakes that have triangular heads you
 know like cobras sort of have their heads playing out and there was a study that showed children
 pictures of like snakes with zigzags on them and then snakes without and then snakes with
 triangular heads and snakes with rounded heads and then various other shapes and then they asked the
 kids are these mean or nice and whenever there was a triangle in it or something triangular they said
 it was mean and we think that the snakes have actually evolved these triangular shapes on them
 to match our fear to scare us away because we have an understandable fear of sharp stuff
 like a tooth or a knife or something that could kill us so we're afraid of sharp things so the
 snakes gradually were like okay I'll put sharp looking stuff all over my body. That's really
 interesting is that why I shit myself whenever I see a Toblerone? Yeah and that's why that Toblerone
 in the office was ruined tasting absolutely foul. I read a paper about something similar which was
 that they wired people up with something to tell how much sweat you're producing and also what your
 heart rate is and they showed them pictures of snakes but they didn't tell them which ones were
 venomous and which ones were not venomous and people's heart rate and stuff went up when they
 saw the venomous ones and not when they saw the non-venomous ones so you kind of naturally know
 and they didn't have any previous knowledge of these snakes they just naturally seem to know
 which ones were dangerous. But what about the squeezy boys? Sorry the constrictors as in
 do you not naturally because if you naturally know which ones are venomous that's very useful
 unless you're in an area which has lots of constrictor snakes and you think oh no he won't
 harm you look at that I'm not naturally scared. I think they generally they don't go for humans
 do they the constrictors very much? Not very much but I think it does happen sometimes. Well not
 according to the snake expert consultant on the jungle book who advised car to constantly be squeezing
 I don't buy this triangle thing by the way why are we not scared of triangles then just in nature
 why have we why are we scared of things that look like triangles that aren't triangles? That's a
 flaw in the study I guess we so know that if you draw a triangle on a piece of paper that it's
 not dangerous but maybe we are maybe if you look at a triangle your heart rate goes a little bit
 higher than if you look at a circle I guess they haven't done the study yet. Did you not find that
 your children when they had those like blocks that you had to put them in like the triangular block
 they weren't scared of it or were they just confused because you were trying to put it in a square hole?
 Yes I was trying to I was going get back kids get back! They never got to have a turn and I put a
 cup over the triangle blocks and I put a sheet of paper underneath and I throw them in the garden
 Okay it is time for fact number three and that is Anna. My fact this week is that one of the
 hardest gemstones to find is called Hidenite but that is not why it's called that. Very pleasing yeah
 It is! This is something that I'd never heard of but I think unless you're a gemstone fanatic
 it's not very well known it's a type of spodumene and I'm sure you know what that is
 which is a mineral which contains lithium which is often sought after because people
 look for it for things like phones you know use lithium in phones and things like that
 so it's a type of that and it's the rarest type so it's only found or it's only been found so far
 in America where it's first found in North Carolina just there and then in Madagascar,
 Brazil and maybe Afghanistan and China but only little little bits and yeah it's called Hidenite
 Why is it called Hidenite then? Yeah I thought that might be a follow-up question and the reason
 it's called Hidenite is because it was discovered by a geologist called William Earl Hiden or it
 was discovered by someone who gave it to him and he said oh that looks weird and so he sent it to
 some experts who identified it and he was actually there in North Carolina in 1879 looking for Platinum
 and he'd been sent by Thomas Edison who wanted to do some some ship with Platinum
 and he didn't find any but he did find Hidenite and he bought a plot of land
 set up in mine made a whole bunch of money. He also found another thing that he called Edisonite
 and another one called Mackintoshite. Was that the waterproof diamond? Yes well it was
 named after a guy called JB Mackintosh who he'd worked with so he was pretty good at finding
 new stuff and naming it after his mates. He was. It is amazing the number of mineral names that are
 bizarre is enormous because there are so many minerals and they all have to be named after
 something and a lot of them are named after places that's very common as a Yukonite or
 whatever it might be. There is a mineral called Taconite which I love which is named after the
 Taconic Mountains in New York but then one that I think we've mentioned on QI the TV show is
 Welshite or Welshite which is named after Wilfred Welsh. There is actually a place called Taconite
 which is named after a mine which finds this which contains this Taconite mineral and I went on to
 it's really hard to tell what's there on Google Maps because there's no street view on it for some
 reason but I went to a website called Manta.com which is a listing service for small businesses
 and apparently there is a restaurant there called Taconite by Tacos apparently. If anyone lives in
 Taconite then do let us know if that's true. Where every night is Taconite that's what you must have
 that as the slogan that's so good. I've discovered my favorite mineral in the course of this research
 and it is a mineral called Olivine and Olivine is a remarkable mineral. It makes up to 60 to 80%
 of Earth's upper mantle so we have so much of it and the amazing thing about it is that when
 it's ground up it can absorb its own mass of carbon dioxide so there are a lot of scientists
 out there who are trying to use it to help with global warming. Why are we not using it? Because
 it's so useful and we have so much of it. So there is a group that are called Project Vesta
 who have this idea where they want to grind it down and basically give us green colored sandy
 beaches all over the world because we can be soaking up the carbon dioxide there and supposedly
 wave action coming in on the sand actually speeds up the process because it's not as fast as other
 things like trees and seaweed and so on for absorbing carbon dioxide. However there is so
 much area of land where we don't have those things so why not chuck this stuff on there to help us
 do that and it also deacidifies the ocean in the process when the waves are coming in. So it's
 this incredibly useful mineral. Well get out your buckets and spades people. We can all contribute
 to the fight against climate change. So there's another spodiumene which Hidonises spodiumene.
 There's another one which kind of caught my eye called Kuntzite which was named after George Frederick
 Kuntz who was the chief jeweler of Tiffany and Co and he went around the world collecting minerals
 and his collection was the beginning of the US Natural History Museum stone collection.
 That wasn't it? George Kuntz yeah and there's a few amazing things that he did. There was a big
 argument in the mineral world about whether there was any jade in Europe. So there were some ancient
 peoples who kind of had loads of jade ornaments but no one could find any jade in Europe. So
 what that suggested for archaeologists is maybe there was some weird unknown prehistoric jade
 trading system that we were getting it in from China or something. Now people have been looking for
 decades and decades for jade but they'd never found any and one problem is that unless you polish it
 it just looks like green rock like greenish rock so it's really hard to find. Anyway Kuntz went to
 Germany and decided he would have a look and on his first day of looking he found a lump of jade
 that was 2.5 tons which was more in that single piece of jade than anyone had found of all the
 jade that anyone had found in the whole of history before that day. It's absolutely amazing and he
 later wrote like with complete glee that he had ruined the career of more than one German scholar
 by just finding this one bit of jade because they're all these experts in this jade trading that
 must have happened and he was like no I've just proved it's not true. Wow he's talked about with
 such reverence in the gemstone community. It's the greatest gemfinder ever and I ended up reading
 quite a large tract of one of the books he wrote which is called Shakespeare and Precious Stones
 and it covers every single reference to a precious stone or gem or crystal in all of Shakespeare's
 works plus comments about the context so to the extent of like in Venus and Adonis the sonnet
 he writes Honey Tongue Shakespeare writes of a ruby colored portal there you go he got a ruby
 mention. Richard II involves fair and crystal sky but you know the other cool thing about him James
 do you see who he married? I didn't see who he married no no I didn't. He married a gemstone
 someone called Opal. Oh wow that's cool. Not only that we've mentioned Opal Cunn's before
 in fact you mentioned a lot back. Was it the same one? Yeah the aviator. Yeah the first female aviator
 to race against men in the 1920s she's this huge propeller female flying who we've mentioned
 they were married. In our Amelia Earhart episode. I can't believe I didn't notice that that is
 amazing. Isn't that cool? I love it yeah power couple. Amazing. That's awesome. But a lot of
 minerals are named after people so there have been 5493 minerals that have been named
 in the world half of them are named after people so what's that about 2,700 something like that
 2,750 how many do you think are named after women? I'm gonna say 50. I'm just gonna more than half
 surprises. It's all of them. It's amazing. It's 112. Okay. Named after 96 different women so a few
 people a few women have got two named after them but 112 out of 5493 is not it's not great is it?
 One of the world's largest emeralds ever is called Patricia. So yeah it's not a glamorous enough name
 for an emerald it needs to be called Tallulah. Well they're such fabulous yeah the biggest emeralds
 in the world have very like a very mixed ability field of names so there's one called the Duke
 of Devonshire there's one called 1492 there's one called the Emerald Unguentarium which is a nearly
 3,000 carat vase carved from a single block of emerald so and then there's one called Patricia
 which it does feel like is the the poor cousin. Do we know if it's named after anyone or did the
 person just like the name? It is named after the daughter of the man who owned the mine in which
 Patricia was discovered. Yeah that's quite good fathering. There's a mineral called Amalcolite
 which was discovered on the moon Amalcolite. Do you know where the name came from? When what year
 are we talking? Is it post-moon landings? It was found in 1969. Apollo 11 year. The year of the
 moon landing here we go. Buzz Aldrin. It's an arm related to Armstrong. Arm, Al, Armstrong and Aldrin.
 Al Collins. Strong Aldrin Collins. Yes it's named after three people all men but named after three
 people which is quite cool isn't it? Amalcolite. Yeah that's really cool. There is a commission
 on mineral naming that's how Amalcolite and all the other minerals will have had their names approved.
 There is a commission on new minerals and mineral names because there are these 5000 and whoever
 Manny James said and every year they get about 80 applications for a new mineral and then it tests
 them and it rejects quite a few of the applicants because they're just they're an existing chemical
 formula and yeah a new form of an old mineral and so they're not allowed to be named but that
 sounds like a fun committee to sit on I guess. Yeah how many people are really suggesting names? I
 guess it's just the people who found them right? I think they get very few applications for names
 from people who haven't found a new mineral. A lot of us are bored in lockdown.
 Okay it's time for our final fact of the show and that is James. Okay my fact this week is that the
 world record for crushing watermelons with your thighs is three in 7.5 seconds. The new record
 holder Courtney Olson teaches an eight week course on how to crush watermelons with your thighs.
 Eight weeks. Eight weeks. I imagine a lot of that is the preparatory strength building because if
 not there's a lot of padding in an eight week course for a seven second record. I suppose like
 you have to explain the history of the watermelon. Probably that's the first six weeks. Get the blue
 plaque up. Let's see if we can do it in a little bit less than eight weeks on this podcast. Okay so
 let me paint the picture of what actually happens in these videos. So she sits on the floor, she's
 got some watermelons by her side, she puts her legs out in front of her and she crosses her ankles
 and then she grabs a watermelon, puts it between her legs and squeezes until it explodes and then
 gets the next one and then gets the next one and there are people with stopwatches and you can see
 that it has taken her just seven and a half seconds to do that and she's beaten the previous record
 which was held by a man called Rohala Doshmanziari. He was a bodybuilder who did it in 2017 and he did
 it in 10.88 seconds and the previous record for women was 14.65 seconds by a Ukrainian strong
 woman called Olga Liashchuk. It's a real Fosbury flop moment for the watermelon crushing sport
 isn't it because it's so much faster than the previous women's record and immense. It is. It
 takes a lot of force to do that. I think it's about 26 stone worth of force, about 364 pounds of force.
 So that is like what, three quite light people or two quite heavy people or one very heavy person
 sitting on it. So it's pretty bloody impressive that she can do it but it's still not quite enough
 in case you're wondering to crush somebody's skull. So if you do come across her and you cross her,
 she can't crush your skull with her thighs. That takes about 520 pounds worth of force.
 But if you are walking home with your watermelon and you're excited for the dessert it's going to
 provide for your dinner party, she can ruin that. So yeah, she is a danger. Watermelons used to be
 a lot easier to crush with your thighs because they used to be about two inches across. Really
 early watermelons were tiny. Yeah, yeah, yeah. When? What period? I mean a long time ago.
 Well they come from Africa and we started cultivating them really early like thousands of years ago.
 Yeah, we have depictions in Tutankhamun's tomb don't we of watermelons. And those but those are
 big though. That's why I'm that's sorry that's why I was asking Andy. I don't know when they were
 tiny. So I think basically there are lots of species of watermelons. The ones that you get
 in Africa mostly grown in the wild now are quite small. Not quite small as Andy said but pretty
 small. But then you would get the domesticated ones as well that were bigger. They have been
 around for at least 3,500 years because they found some watermelon leaves in Egyptian tomb
 and they took a tiny little bit of one of them from Kew Gardens and checked its genes and it had
 two special genes. One of them that makes them have a red flesh and one of them that gets rid of
 the kind of bitter taste that these smaller ones in Africa have so that we do know that this one
 that was in a tomb in 3,500 years ago was kind of red and very succulent and not bitter. It was
 actually sweet tasting which is yeah. And yeah Dan's right is the drawing of the one on an Egyptian
 tomb. It might be the one on King Tut's looks like our standard watermelons stripes and everything
 doesn't it? It's kind of amazing. The reason we started breeding them so early apparently is
 because they were basically used as water bottles which makes sense they're full of water but we
 think that it was a source of water so for instance when Livingston went to Africa then he said that
 the interior of watermelon supplied the place of water for many months of the year in the interior
 of Africa in the middle of Africa when he was traveling there so they used that instead of water
 and in a similar way we think that they put them on tombs maybe people speculate because it was
 like a drink to help you into the afterlife quite a long trek into the afterlife apparently you
 need some water and yeah there's someone as an anthropologist who wrote that they had a unique
 role as a natural canteen like a natural carton for fresh water. So are you putting water in there
 or you're using the natural waters of the watermelon? Using the water yeah don't empty the watermelon
 out of water and then refill it with water that's pointless. Well because especially there was a study
 at the University of Naples quite recently that thinks that it's better to hydrate with watermelon
 juice than it is to hydrate with water and that's because they are almost completely water something
 like well over 90% water but the extra bits are like sugars and essential salts which help you to
 rehydrate and basically it's a bit more similar to your body's composition than actual water and
 the closer a liquid is to the body's composition the easier it is for it to get it into your cells
 that's clever according to this study. It is the most extraordinary texture when you I was
 genuinely before this fact was sent in I had a watermelon about two weeks ago and when I was
 biting into it I just thought there was nothing like this there is nothing else that I've ever put
 my put into my mouth that has this kind of texture it's it's so bizarre and I guess it's because
 it's 92 to 94% water that it's yeah I don't know I mean pretty much everything is up there in the
 90s I mean watermelon just has it in the net yeah fruits and veg spinach is 94 spinach is more than
 watermelon it's not as juicy don't know where that water's been hidden but yeah like aubergine
 courgette they're all up in the 90s aren't they I don't know how why are we bother eating any of
 them okay well maybe it's not that but there's something about watermelon texture which is
 it's very alien to the rest of food it's almost like it's like a warm ice cube but not quite as
 hard isn't it yeah it's like a it's like when you crush ice into tiny bits and it's almost like a
 weird yeah what are we doing we're podcast of facts people don't know we're not a podcast it
 describes in great detail a fruit that everyone I just love that it's like just two weeks ago I
 had watermelon it's like literally I had it about two minutes before we came on the show today
 I have a watermelon controversy which is about watermelon knockers and these are people who
 test the ripeness of their watermelons in chops by tapping or knocking or slapping on them that
 wasn't the first use of the word knockers I was thinking of when you said that no this is all
 staying above the um the neck look whatever um the national watermelon promotion board which is a
 very austere and important body devoted to the promotion of watermelons in every form
 officially advises against knocking on watermelon to test its ripeness they advise instead obviously
 the look lift turn method which is where you look at it you lift it up test it if it's heavy if it's
 heavy that's good and then you turn and you observe the field spot okay so this is where the watermelon
 was sitting on on the ground when it was growing and an ideal watermelon the field spot should be
 a soft buttery yellow if it's white it's it's too unripe it's not ready yet if it's gone crazy canary
 yellow then it's overripe but a perfectly nice soft buttery yellow uh you should have a good
 watermelon on the inside very good to know isn't that great that it lets you know I had so two weeks
 ago I had a banana and it was what was this a fruit salad that you were having then because you had
 a watermelon about two weeks ago as well pretty healthy two weeks ago you had and I was on the
 brink of opening it and I stopped because it was a bit too green and I thought how nice the banana
 has let me know that it's not ready yet on the outside on the outside it's telling me no and
 same I didn't know that watermelons had that so I will you know I will look very thoughtful fruit
 yeah um alternatively you can just sit in the fruit stand and crush it between your thighs
 okay that's it that is all of our facts thank you so much for listening if you
 would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of
 this podcast we can be found on our twitter accounts I'm on @Shrieberland, Andy at Andrew Hunter M
 James at James Harkin and Anna you can email podcast at qi.com yep or you can go to our group
 account which is @KnowSuchThing or our website KnowSuchThingIsAfish.com do check it out all
 of our previous episodes are up there also a link to the upcoming tour that we are doing later on
 in 2021 do come along it's going to be really fun until then though we'll see you then next week
 with another episode goodbye
