 It's a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin,
 and Anichesinski, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts of the last seven days at a no particular order.
 Here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that's my fact this week, my fact is that in an attempt
 to work out who the murderer and Charles Dickens' last unfinished novel was, the lead character
 was put on trial.
 So this is the mystery of Edwin Druid.
 Yeah, this was the final novel of Charles Dickens that he was serializing in a newspaper
 that were meant to be 12 installments.
 He only got as far as six before he passed away.
 And as it was, the lead character, Edwin Druid, goes, he disappears.
 And so we never know what happened to him.
 And people ever since have been trying to work it out by looking for clues within it.
 And so on.
 And in 1914, a mock trial was put on as part of an attempt to try and work out who might
 have murdered him.
 And the lead character of the book, John Jasper, was put on trial.
 And it was full of celebrities. The judge of the trial was G.K. Chesterton.
 The foreman of the jury was George Bernard Shaw.
 It was a very, very cool trial.
 And did they find him innocent or guilty or?
 No, they, I think they wanted to go for manslaughter in the end.
 But then, yeah, G.K. Chesterton and got a very impatient with everyone and found everyone
 guilty of contempt of court by the end of the day.
 Nice.
 Except himself, right?
 Except himself.
 Yeah, but when do you get a judge finding himself guilty of contempt of court, that's super
 rare.
 That's happened.
 I remember that happening in America in the last few years.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Is that a really good moral judge or an extremely immoral judge?
 It's hard to say.
 Because he just looked to himself and gone, "God, even I can see that I'm terrible."
 My feeling is, and I might be wrong about this, maybe a judge had his mobile phone on or
 something.
 And then he got a call and he kind of found himself in contempt or something.
 Oh, yeah.
 That rings a bell, yeah.
 It's really good.
 So fans of this novel are called Drew Idz, which I think is very clever.
 Yes.
 Or "Drewdians," or "Drewdists."
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 There's a whole website where you can read every single possible scenario or sort of outcome
 of what might have happened to Edwin Druid.
 And there's hundreds of over the years, just so many people have been trying to work it
 out.
 There's been four movies that have been made of the book where different outcomes have
 been revealed at the end.
 There was a Broadway musical whereby the audience actually voted on who they thought it
 was at the end of the show.
 It wasn't only that, was it?
 So this musical was a really big deal.
 I'd never actually heard of it, but it won five Tony Awards.
 I think it won Best Musical in the 80s and Best Actor, I think.
 But the audience got to vote on who killed Edwin Druid, and they also got to vote on various
 other things.
 So they got to vote on what was the identity of Dick Dattery, which was unknown at the
 time Dick and Stop Writing, and they got to vote on which couple would become romantically
 involved in the end.
 And all the actors had to train up to be able to perform any scene of any of these possible
 outcomes.
 When I was a child, I had a computer game called Star Wars Chess, and there obviously there
 was a good team and an evil team, all characters from Star Wars, and every single possible move
 combination that you made, there was a little cutscene showing you how R2D2 defeated Darth
 Vader.
 Yeah, but not for every single possible game of chess, because it's like trillions.
 No, trillions.
 For every piece combo.
 Right.
 So you would always have a good rook defeating an evil pawn or you would have it.
 It was brilliant.
 Yeah, I have surprised actually because it sounds very geeky that, and you never really
 struck me as a kind of person who would like that kind of thing.
 Yeah, weird, isn't it?
 I'm thinking of which.
 Has anyone else been in a mock trial in their life?
 No.
 Yes.
 Have you?
 What?
 A wide school.
 Yeah, same.
 Yeah.
 For what, what did you both do?
 I'm asking it turned out, and I was livid.
 No, I'm joking.
 I was a lawyer in the mock trial.
 Yeah, me too.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's really fun.
 That's so fun.
 And what?
 In fact, about a case, so mine was a fight in a pub, so I'm going to have been hit with a
 poor queue, I think.
 Oh, yeah.
 And they give you lots of different eyewitness accounts, and you have to then hold a trial.
 And you sometimes, I think we went to an actual court to do this.
 Did you?
 Very exciting.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Are you just, you were a juvenile delinquent and you've kind of hospitalized it as a game?
 That's it.
 Yeah.
 And we went to a court when we were kids at school.
 Yeah.
 And I remember it because we were there basically a load of kids, and these people just kept coming
 up, and they'd all be beating each other up the night before, because it was like, wow,
 it was basically people who'd been locked up that night for assault, and then they were
 coming in doing their pleas and stuff like that.
 This is your school trip.
 What else went to old towers, but yeah, probably me.
 We sort of went to the Battle of Hastings site, and I mean, that, in a sense, was a lot
 of people beating each other up, so I think maybe it was just, um, to prepare a
 service for the future.
 God.
 It's weird that they felt they need to investigate it though, because Dickens did actually finish
 at Wendru, didn't he?
 What?
 Did he?
 He finished it, um, no.
 No.
 Yeah, he finished it in 1873, um, so he died in 1870, but he did finish it him with a medium,
 but it was, but it was with a medium called Thomas Power James, which I think is really
 cool, and this book, oh, it was the mystery of everyone drew part two, and he published
 part one, kind of cockily, under his own name now, Thomas Power James, and then part two was
 what the meat, what he'd learned from Dickens' ghost, and it had two prefaces at the start of
 it, one from Thomas Power James, who was saying this is such a privilege to be able to write
 with Dickens, and then the other from Dickens himself, saying, "You'll notice my suit."
 So there is a story that Dickens wrote to Queen Victoria a few months before his death,
 and he was saying to her, "Would you like a spoiler of what happened to Edwin Druid,
 and she wrote back, and she said, 'No, I'm fine, thank you.'"
 Out, she offered her a little more of it in advance of her subjects, and she said, "That's
 cool, I'm enjoying the instruments," or whatever she said, but we could have had Queen Victoria
 solving the mystery of what happened to Edwin Druid, which would have been very cool.
 Wow.
 Well, supposedly the illustrator of the book claimed to have known who the murderer was,
 so his name was Luke Fields, and he had given instructions by Dickens that John Jasper,
 he wear a net tie, and the idea was that Jasper strangles Edwin Druid with it, and he used
 to have a close collaboration obviously with Dickens because he liked to seed things that
 would appear later in the story, so maybe he did do it.
 We didn't even know that Edwin Druid died, though.
 No, we don't.
 At the time the book ends, he has just disappeared, he might come back.
 Most people at the time kind of thought that he was just, he hadn't died, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 That was like prevailing theory at the time.
 Well, there's another character.
 Did you mention him?
 Dick Dachery.
 Yeah.
 I know.
 That would mean so much more to me if I knew that the story was.
 Have you guys read this?
 I haven't.
 I started reading it today and I was too hung up.
 I got about five pages.
 I would have thought you would.
 Anna, because you read loads of Dickens.
 I chose not to read the one that's only half finished, but I do really want to now, partly
 because people say that it's so impossible to work out what might have happened, like
 there was one woman who adapted it for the BBC and she had to finish it a few years
 ago.
 And she said, a lot of people know that Dickens didn't finish Erwin Druid.
 What they don't know is that he died intentionally so that he didn't have to, because he literally
 had no idea how to tie up all these new sets.
 Stephen King hasn't unfinished work.
 Now, he's still alive, obviously, but he hasn't unfinished work.
 Is it just a thing he's working on at the moment?
 It's called The Plant.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's a really interesting experiment he did, so he published it chapter by chapter online
 just like Dickens.
 And he asked people to pay for it online, a dollar per chapter.
 And he said, if the number of people paying for this dips below 75% of the people who are downloading
 it and reading it, then I will stop writing it.
 And that's exactly what happened after about five chapters.
 Really?
 Yeah, so some people were really annoyed, because they'd paid six or seven dollars and they
 didn't get a finished story, but by part four, only 46% of people who downloaded it were
 paying for it.
 Really?
 Is it bad?
 Have you looked at it?
 I haven't.
 Do you know what it's about?
 It's an author who I think receives a creepy gift of a plant.
 I mean, it doesn't exactly sound like a shining dog.
 Yeah.
 No, I've heard it's very good, and it was just for that reason.
 He was testing the internet model of commerce.
 It didn't work for him, but he did release, if you remember, his book The Green Mile, which
 was transformed, was made into a movie.
 Transformed.
 Logistically into the film.
 We don't have the book anymore, because it was transformed into a film.
 Transformed into the film, transform it.
 So, The Green Mile, he did that with the Dickens model as well.
 He put out single chapters, and because the idea was, Dickens always used to end on a cliffhanger,
 and he thought, could I do that?
 And could I generate a whole book where I was forcing myself month by month to reveal the
 next chapter?
 And yeah, so that's what The Green Mile is.
 There's one book that we'll never read, so I looked at it a bit on published novels.
 Oh, yeah.
 And Evelyn War wrote his first novel, actually, called The Temple at Thatch in 1925.
 And then he gave a draft to his friend, Harold Ackton, and Ackton gave it quite bad review.
 So, he wrote a letter to Evelyn War, suggesting that he'd do it in a few elegant copies for
 the friends who really love you, and then he gave a list of the suggested friends, and
 they were all the idiots they knew.
 And Evelyn War was so upset by this, so devastated that he walked down to the sea, he took
 all his clothes off, he left a note with a Euripides quote about how the sea can wash
 away all ills, and then he swam into the sea intending to commit suicide, and he was stung
 by a jellyfish, so he gave up and returned ashore.
 Wow.
 So, yeah, it was for a jellyfish.
 We would not have Bride said revisited.
 You don't hear people taking off all their clothes and going into the sea these days, do
 you?
 No, it used to be.
 No, that used to be a thing, didn't it?
 I think so.
 Craig Venter, who's famous for sequencing DNA, he did that as well.
 He, I think he was fighting in the Vietnam War, and he wasn't a clever tactic, was it?
 Right, what we'll do is we'll all leave our clothes at the shore, they'll think they've
 won.
 Actually, we've gone around in a big boat.
 No, he, that's not what happened Andy.
 You weren't there, man.
 Yeah, you weren't there, man.
 No, he got very depressed, and he swam out to sea.
 I think he did exactly that, took all of his clothes off, and then while he was quite
 far out, he suddenly had an epithet that he wanted to live and that he had, he wanted to do
 well in science and so on, and he turned around to come back, and that supposedly is the big
 problem when you swim too far out, and people have a change of mind.
 You're too far out to have the energy to swim all the way back.
 And so he said that was the hardest struggle of anything, but yeah, because he lost all
 his energy.
 And then in this moment of sort of near death, he realized he wanted to live.
 You don't have into Terry Pratchett's unfinished works.
 I think he had about ten novels on the go at the time he died in sort of in various stages
 of completion, obviously, so so much place in the others, but they were crushed by a steam
 roller after he died.
 Oh, by accident?
 No, it was deliberate.
 All right.
 He decreed in his world that he wanted them to be crushed by a steam roller.
 But it's paper.
 No, it's a hard time.
 No, it's a hard time.
 He's got it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, how's this piece of paper?
 Oh no, this piece of paper is completely flammable.
 It's done by a vintage steam roller or a steam fair, and it was called Lord Jericho, the
 steam roller.
 Sounds quite cool.
 Good name for a steam roller.
 Yeah, it is.
 Yeah.
 And it's now, it was done as part of a celebration of opening of an exhibition for all his work,
 and that's now part of the exhibition, his broken hard drive.
 I think Dickens didn't know what happened to the end of Edwin Druid, because I didn't realize
 that the ending of great expectations, I think quite famously originally was different,
 which is so satisfying, because it's always been kind of an annoying ending where spoilers
 guys close your ears if you haven't read it.
 So Estella and Pip obviously end up together, quite abruptly at the end, sort of end up together.
 They walk off into the sun set together and the last line is something like, I saw no
 more shadow of her leaving my side, something like that.
 But in his original one, he properly sent it off to the publishers and stuff, and they'd
 split up Estella heard, she was widowed, she then married someone else, they had a little
 meeting and he went, oh how sad, I guess we'll never be together.
 And then he sent that to the publishers, went on holiday with his mate, who was a guy called
 Edward Bulla-Litten, and went on holiday with him, showed him this, and he's his friend said,
 that's too miserable, you've got to change it immediately.
 And so he immediately, quickly, hurriedly changed it and had them end up together.
 It's quite good as an author, if someone says that's crap, you need to change it to actually
 do it, isn't it?
 I know.
 He would have just gone, nope, salt off mate, yeah.
 Bulla-Litten was kind of the leading author of his time and his word, no one really reads
 him anymore, but he came up with the phrases, the great unwashed and the pen is mightier
 than the sword.
 Two phrases I use every day.
 Andy, why don't you not get on the bus?
 Because I haven't had my show yet, and so I am feeling a bit like the great unwashed.
 Okay.
 That's never the context in which it is.
 You're just using non-metaphorically idiotic.
 Why are you attacking that person with a pen?
 Well, the thing is James, the pen is mightier than the sword, right?
 My sword is absolutely tiny, but I've had this special novelty samurai pen belt.
 I could take your head off.
 Okay, is time for fact number two, and that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that in the past 10 years, the number of registered pinball players worldwide
 has gone from 500 to over 100,000.
 That's a big increase.
 It's a big jump.
 How?
 People have got really into it.
 Why do you have to register?
 You were allowed to play pinball without being officially registered, but then there is
 the International Flip of Pinball Association, which is where you officially register if you
 want to take part in competitions or just be recognised as a player.
 I think it was measured by them in 2006, and there were 500 official players, and then NBC
 reported last year, there were over 100,000.
 And this is huge comeback.
 Do you have to sign the register of pinballers?
 What do you mean?
 Well, just normally when there's a register, you have to sign the register.
 Do you?
 Yeah.
 No.
 You don't have to sign the sex offender's register, do you?
 Well, I don't know, but that's...
 Why have you got special circumstances?
 But in the register at school, they just say your name, and you say here.
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 But they don't do that.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 That's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 It's not a register of pinballers.
 When I last time I played Darts, it was against my wife and she beat me.
 I kind of thought that maybe it was a game of luck.
 That's absolutely right.
 This band was absolutely mad.
 So, Mayor La Guardia, Fiorrello La Guardia,
 who the main airport in New York is named after now.
 He said that people who pushed pinball
 were slimy crews of tin horns well dressed
 and living in luxury on penny thievery.
 He was photographed with a sled chair
 and a smashing up pinball machines.
 He ordered the police to make prohibition-style raids
 on pinball machines their top priority.
 Top priority. New York.
 It was 1942 as well. Total war.
 It was the methamphetamine of its day.
 Yeah, but they did ritualistic things to the pinball machines.
 So he said...
 Basically, they said it was a waste of metals,
 which could be turned into elements and bullets.
 So, 5,000 machines were confiscated and destroyed.
 They were dumped into Long Island Sound.
 But the metal in the balls was confiscated
 and supposedly it was enough to build four 2,000 pound bombs.
 And the police carved the pinball table legs into cudgles
 and presented them to Mayor La Guardia.
 But then they dropped the bomb on some enemies,
 but they just flexed it away.
 That's what the damn busters was basically.
 And the...
 Basically, even though it was illegal, they still used them.
 They just moved them to pornography shops.
 Right.
 So, if you wanted to play pinball, you had to go to a pornography shop.
 So you'd send your 7-year-old like, "Okay, you can play the game."
 But...
 God, that's terrible.
 That's very funny idea.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 Very distracting.
 It would be much harder to focus, I think, on your pinball game,
 if you're surrounded by porn.
 Yeah, that's true.
 Maybe if I ever join this association and do it professionally.
 Yeah, I can see you doing that.
 Then when the other guys are playing, I'm just going to put porn into it.
 I'm trying to make it like the 40s for you.
 It's this classic pinball.
 I really like La Guardia.
 As in, I've never really...
 I've known his name through the airport.
 I didn't know he was the mayor.
 I had no idea.
 And I saw photos of him, and he looks like a mafia Batman villain.
 Like, he looks amazing.
 So I thought, "Okay, I'll just quickly look into him."
 So they're all this stuff of him being against the pinballing
 and sledgehammering and the prohibition-style raids.
 He was someone who was sort of kind of against the alcoholic prohibition
 that was going on and actively protested it.
 And so he invited 20 newspaper reporters
 to his congressional office in Washington, DC.
 And there, he drank it in front of them.
 And he had a beer that was admittedly, it had low alcohol.
 So I think it was almost on the edge of legality.
 And he mixed it with some tonic.
 And he drank it in front of the reporters with a straight face
 to say, "Look at this."
 I just think that's really pathetic.
 I think if you're going to make a statement by drinking beer
 during prohibition, don't drink low alcohol beer.
 This was tonic.
 I just have a proper point.
 I can just see you if there's prohibition in this country.
 And you're an MP, drinking a full bottle of gin
 on the steps of the House of Commons.
 This is the point I am making.
 What was I saying?
 Where are my keys?
 Okay, so given that pinball was banned for such a long time,
 this is a nice thing.
 The Museum of Pinball is in a place called "Banning" in California.
 That's very good.
 That's really good.
 And I think the guy who won the World Championships last year
 was 13 years old.
 So this is a guy called Esha Lefkov.
 And he plays it with his dad, I think.
 But it really is attracting all ages.
 It's one's just opened up in London, actually.
 In December 2017, we've got our first proper devoted pinball.
 Let's go.
 I think we definitely should go.
 That's cool.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 We'll put on the back burner.
 Do you know what a gobble hole is?
 Nope.
 I think I do.
 It's just a hole in the playing field of a pinball machine
 which the ball can fall and ending that hole.
 That's rough.
 That's a mean move to have in the middle of a pinball.
 I think the ball can fall down.
 Do you know what a thrust magnet is?
 A thrust magnet.
 These are all names of magazines
 that used to surround the pinball machines in there.
 A thrust magnet is just an electromagnet
 that accelerates the ball through a tube.
 Okay.
 Do you know what a drain automatic is?
 No.
 I've got 300 of these.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I'll just keep going until we get one.
 No, a drain automatic is a pinball game
 where the balls are lost too easily.
 So it's like you just keep losing all the time
 because your money comes.
 Oh, no.
 Like when you go on a fruit machine
 but someone's already won it loads
 and so it just eats up all your money.
 Yeah, mine that.
 Because it doesn't have any left.
 Damn, the cheating machines.
 In Japan, arcade games are very much more popular than they are here.
 And they've got such a good array of them.
 Have you guys come across the tablecloth hour game?
 No.
 I really like this.
 It's an arcade game.
 But instead of coming like a joystick or buttons that you press,
 it's got a sticking out bit that's like the edge of a tablecloth
 like something hanging over a table.
 And then on the screen there's lots of crockery
 and you just pull the tablecloth up.
 That sounds really good.
 And see if you can avoid breaking the crock.
 That's incredible.
 And then on that in real life tried to do that in real life.
 No, I didn't get that.
 It's really hard.
 Yeah.
 Because I used to work in a restaurant.
 I used to try all the time.
 Not for long, I bet.
 Your wages were dogged every week.
 Bolton smasher fired from 10th restaurant in a row.
 But of course you have lots of crockery
 and you have tablecloths of what else you're going to do
 if you're a teenager.
 You're going to try it.
 Can it really be done?
 I guess it can be done if you're really, really fast, right?
 It could be done like for just one object.
 You could kind of do it.
 But more often than not, it would just go flying.
 So funny.
 Have we said before there's a Japanese arcade game
 where you have to poke a robot bottom?
 Yes, with your finger.
 Yes.
 This is a game where it's a sort of prank on your friend
 to stick your finger at the bottom.
 Yeah.
 Because there is a prank in Japan known as the enumer.
 I can't remember what their word for it is.
 And you go through all the different games
 and you have to do it to the teacher
 and then to the policeman and then someone else.
 And the game is just to poke them in life.
 In real life.
 No, it's a game.
 Oh, it's in the game.
 But the prank is a real life thing.
 Right.
 It's like you know like a wet willy way.
 You put your finger in someone's ear.
 It's like that, but with an anus.
 For the anus.
 It's much harder to shove your finger up someone's anus, I think.
 Yeah.
 Especially when everyone's wearing clothes.
 Also.
 You say the words wet willy before you do it as well.
 Sounds a bit bad.
 Yeah.
 I think you're all going to have to sign the register.
 Okay, as time to move on to fact number three.
 And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the Victorians
 had better reaction times than we do today.
 Did they?
 What?
 Did they?
 That's a good question, Ella, because did they?
 The thing is, some people think they may have done.
 Okay.
 And this is because we have, we can work out what people's
 reactions times are now by doing studies and stuff.
 And we have some old results done by friend of the podcast,
 Francis Goulton, who you talk about lots of times.
 I mean, Major Eugenics is probably an acquaintance of the podcast, I'd say.
 But it was in a time when Eugenics was cool, wasn't it?
 Yeah, it was.
 Which is not now, of course.
 But his statistics show that people who he studied
 had quicker reactions than people today.
 And so it could be that his data are wrong.
 Or it could be that people have gotten less quick.
 Yeah.
 And a lot of, which do you think it is?
 I think people have come up with reasons why it might be that we're slower.
 Like maybe there's a lot more contaminants in the air
 and your brains have got more mercury in them or whatever.
 Your brains have got more stuff in them that are making them slower.
 Oh, wow.
 There are a lot of serious people who think this is true.
 Yeah.
 And my favorite one is in the 20th century,
 there was a scholar called Erwin W. Silverman, who believed the reason
 that we got slower reactions is because hype has increased.
 Therefore, it's taken longer for things to travel to the brain or from the brain.
 So it's that extra bit of time.
 Does that not sort of make sense a bit?
 I think they found that tall people are just as fast.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
 But like from work, as most reactions are based on you seeing something
 and responding to it and your eyes don't get further from your brain
 as you get taller.
 Yeah.
 No, that's true.
 I wonder if someone starts on your foot.
 Maybe it takes you a bit longer now to back away,
 but it doesn't make sense at all.
 I will track my earlier comment.
 Actually, I don't think that does make sense.
 My favorite guy who studied this was the 93rd most cited psychologist
 of the 20th century.
 He is called Edwin Boring.
 He's my favorite psychologist.
 I just love him.
 One day, maybe we'll talk about him.
 But his most famous thing that he did was work out one reason
 why moons look bigger when they're on the horizon than when they're up in the sky.
 Oh, yeah.
 I just like the idea that he was cited in so many papers
 because his name was Boring.
 I think he must be.
 People slagging him off indirectly by just putting a little asterisk
 in at the bottom saying, "Boring!"
 I read that one of the things to help.
 This is done a team of Japanese scientists and researchers
 came out with these results saying,
 "A way of getting your reactions to be better is to chew gum."
 Which is really interesting.
 Yeah, I'd not heard that before.
 They did this experiment where they said that chewing on gum
 improves the participants' reaction time by 7%,
 which is an average of 36 milliseconds.
 It doesn't sound like a lot,
 but it is made that in, say, like, sport where it takes less than half a second
 for a baseball pitcher to pitch a ball to the mitt.
 That's obviously a huge amount of time.
 So what they say is that it only takes 10 seconds of chewing
 to activate the brain regions that are responsible for improving your reactions.
 And after you've done the 10 seconds,
 it keeps it active for 15 minutes.
 Wow.
 You buy 15 minutes of extra reaction time of 10 seconds of chewing gum.
 You are chewing steroids.
 Congratulations, by the way, on the Tour de France win, Dan.
 Do we know what the mechanism is?
 Is it that chewing saliva means that you're...
 According to this, it says,
 "Your jaw muscles, when you chew, stimulate certain regions of your brain,
 including the pre-mator cortex."
 Mmm. Okay.
 What do you mean? That sounds like science.
 I got it from science.com.
 So, on reaction times, you know the thing of gum fights in films,
 where there are two cowboys facing each other,
 and obviously the bad guy draws first because he uses an evil trickster
 and he's trying to legitimately gain an advantage of the gum fight by shooting first,
 and then the good guy draws second but always wins.
 So, Nils Ball, one of the most famous physicists of all time,
 was obsessed with this, and he theorized that gunslingers who draw second,
 they draw faster because they're not thinking.
 It's just, it's an instinctive reaction.
 It's like a separate circuit that works.
 It's almost like a reflex reaction.
 Interesting. And he staged mock duels with toy guns at his lab
 in between all the other important stuff he was doing,
 and his partner, George Gamau, drew first and lost every time.
 However, it's recently been proved by a University of Birmingham study
 that he was partially right, but it wouldn't quite help.
 So, if you draw second, if you draw responding to...
 If I'm facing you, Anna, and you draw, I see you drawing and I draw first.
 You're about 10% faster when you draw second than when you draw first.
 But the difference that it would make is only 21 milliseconds.
 That's enough.
 And is that not, yeah?
 If someone's already pulled the gun on you, it's likely that you won't be able to...
 I will be 21 milliseconds faster, but the gap in time between Anna starting and me starting
 will still be longer than 21 milliseconds, so I'll still die.
 So, the scientist who studied this, Andrew Welchman, he said, "You'll die satisfied that you are quicker,
 but that's not much to you."
 I don't understand how if you're using fake guns, not real guns,
 you can tell who got hit first.
 I think they kind of had a...
 It's a paintball.
 A paintball or something.
 Paintballs.
 You know the paintballs are edible.
 So, if you got a shot in the mouth, you're laughing.
 Yeah, and you're pulled.
 It's just...
 Are they not edible?
 No, they're really not nice.
 They're made of food coloring, and the outer shell is some kind of plant-based material.
 After you were fired from every restaurant in Bolton, James actually went to work at a paintball place
 from when she was sacked by eating the ammo.
 You got to get away with it because you just had red stuff on the radio now.
 No.
 Well, that by the way, the only two scientists we've cited so far are boring and boring.
 So, other reaction time things in running races.
 If you're doing a sprinting race, then if you move within 0.1 seconds of the starting gun going off,
 that counts as a full start, so even if you move after the starting gun going off,
 you've made a full start because it's thought that...
 Well, it's known that you can't possibly have reacted that fast to the gun going off.
 So, you must have started before you heard it go off.
 But that 0.1 is based on an experiment that was done in 1865 and it still stands today.
 So, it was done in 1865 by a scientist called Franciscus Cornelis Dondas,
 who was actually an ophthalmologist.
 But he also worked out reaction times, he gave electric shocks to people's feet,
 and then he had them squeeze stuff with their hands with the corresponding hand.
 And it was how quick it was for people to go, "Oh, fuck you!"
 And they took it with my feet!
 The interesting thing about that was really, really short people actually reacted much, much faster than really tall people.
 Which is why the best sprinters are so short. Look at his own boat, he's only three foot nine.
 I spent all day on the internet just testing my reaction time.
 And I agree that I don't think you can get quicker than 0.1 seconds.
 Right, it's kind of impossible.
 Because you can't.
 Well, it's so far away from my best.
 It's hard to imagine anyone.
 You're on eight or nine seconds.
 Look, we had a very heavy night last night.
 Can I just add a little bit of a trivia about Dondas, which I quite like.
 He's apparently also known very well in the world of dentistry,
 as well as being an ophthalmologist and a reaction time experimenter,
 because he named the space between the Dawson, the back of your tongue,
 and the hard palate, so the gap when you're at rest between the back of your tongue
 and the roof of your mouth is called the space of Dondas.
 Cool!
 Wow, that's very cool. That's awesome.
 I know.
 Andy, you mentioned Usain Bolt a second ago.
 I was looking into Sprinters as well.
 And there's an article written by this guy who claims that Usain Bolt could have broken
 his world record speed times for the 100 meters, not by running faster.
 He could have run at the consistent time that he was doing and still beat it.
 It was his starting point.
 It was his reaction to the gun.
 He's famously as a slow start, doesn't he?
 Incredibly slow start.
 So when he was in the Beijing Olympics, he was the slowest of all the finalists to leave.
 What do you call it?
 The starting blocks.
 So this guy worked out that at Beijing, his starting time, his reaction was 0.165.
 If he was able to bring that down to 0.13, he would have brought his world record
 from 9.58 to 9.56, so he would have shaved two milliseconds off that.
 And that's not even a hard one to get.
 That's sort of your average finalist will sprint at that speed off the starting blocks.
 And the reason is, so if you go online now, if you're listening to this and you try these games,
 where it's like you're looking at it and it changes color and you have to press the button as quickly as you can,
 it's different to seeing things as to hearing things.
 And I think you're quicker at hearing things than you are at seeing things, I believe.
 Yes, you are.
 So your audio response time is usually lower than your...
 Yeah, that's true.
 I know a really weird thing about audio response times.
 So athletes who are closer to the starting gun do better.
 Now, that's partly because you're closer.
 So you get an advantage of about 15 milliseconds in the closest lane compared with all the other lanes on average, right?
 That's quite a lot.
 It is quite a lot, but there's another reason for this.
 Sorry, just to say, I thought they had speakers behind the blocks.
 I think you're right, they now have speakers behind the blocks.
 So this was in races where you would have just one gun at the side being fired.
 But the weird thing is, it's not just that you're closer, it's that.
 The louder you hear the gunshot, the faster your reaction time, the volume hasn't effect.
 You react to loud noises faster.
 I think you're like scared of it, do you think?
 I think it must be, because it's like an evolutionary thing.
 Yeah.
 How cool is that?
 That's really cool.
 Otherwise, they wouldn't have to do it nearly as loud.
 So actually, it's an advantage in running a race if you have a big ear trumpet,
 which you carry next to your other starting blocks.
 But do you think that's it?
 It's less than, by the fact, you have to carry your ear trumpet.
 It never did me any home on school sports day.
 I was actually looking at if sports, because I was thinking,
 this thing about reaction time is sort of based on IQ.
 So a lot of people seem to think, or that's very contentious,
 that reaction time is related to IQ or how smart you are.
 So the idea is that the Victorians might have been cleverer than us.
 So I was thinking sports people often have very fast reactions
 if you're like a table tennis player or something.
 So I was wondering if they were cleverer.
 And this is a long window way of saying,
 I ended up finding out that Marion Bartoli, who was my favorite tennis player for a while,
 has an IQ that is almost off the charts.
 So she has an IQ of 175, which as soon as you're over 140, then you're very bright.
 If you're over 160, you're proper genius.
 And she's there.
 And she said, I'm not really someone that's into telling people about how smart I am.
 I'm kind of trying to hide it.
 And that's what she said to reporters.
 When she published her IQ results.
 Not that smart, is she?
 There's a fly which has the fastest reaction time I think of any animal.
 So it's called the Condola Stylus fly.
 And it's so fast that it's almost impossible to take a photo of it lying still.
 So it has a startle reflex of about two milliseconds.
 And it's scared of cameras.
 It's the flash.
 It's scared of the flash.
 So just do it without a flash.
 Well, yeah, you're okay.
 Well, that's this bit.
 Yeah, oh my god, fine.
 It's got this reflex of about two milliseconds.
 So if you take a photo with a shutter speed of one two hundredth of a second,
 which is a very fast shutter speed as they go,
 you will almost always capture it in flight because that's five milliseconds.
 So nine out of ten times you take the picture.
 You just get the flight in movement.
 You know how when you take a photo of a lot of people,
 there's always someone with their eyes kind of half closed.
 Yeah.
 These guys, like if they want a family photo of all these flies.
 It's just a blur.
 The chances of them all be in there is pretty low.
 So there's a possible reason for it, which is that they're so brightly coloured.
 They're really brightly coloured flies.
 And we think this is because they are trying to teach predators not to bother trying to hunt them.
 Because they always get away.
 So they're trying to teach the predator to associate that bright colouring on them with...
 No, that doesn't make any sense.
 If you can really get away that fast, then you don't need something that warns them.
 That sounds like they're bluffing.
 Like, honestly, don't worry about it.
 It would be a waste of effort.
 But then again, like you get these really poisonous frogs, don't you, that are really brightly coloured.
 Yeah, they're all predators.
 Why are they all thinking in the best interest of the predators?
 I'm a bit sweet, but...
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the first people to live on the moon might be cavemen.
 Might be.
 Might be.
 Might not be.
 Yeah, my notes actually begin.
 Well, they might.
 So why might they?
 Because it's obviously going to be very uncomfortable living on the moon.
 No one's going to have a great time, but if we want to get into space and colonise somewhere,
 the moon is not a terrible candidate.
 And a Japanese space probe called Celine has just found a massive cave on the moon,
 which would solve a load of the problems of living on the moon.
 It's 31 miles long.
 It's 100 metres wide.
 It's a huge cave.
 We could get loads of lunar cities in there if we wanted to.
 It's got a 31 miles by 100 metres.
 What did I say, sorry?
 Yeah, no, you said that.
 I just think you can't get that many cities.
 You're still going to be a bit cramped.
 It's going to be small, and London is like what, 40 miles in diameter?
 I guess, yeah.
 But like the M25 is about that.
 So just doing a bit of a Sleezier State Agent job here.
 It's very roomy, lovely.
 You could put a partition wall in here if you wanted to.
 So they think it's a lava tube created during volcanic activity.
 And the problem with living on the moon, one of many problems, is there are so many.
 But the temperature is 107 degrees Celsius in daytime, and minus 153 Celsius at night.
 So any equipment is going to have to deal with that, which is a real pain.
 And all the radiation from space, and all the asteroids hitting you all the time.
 So it's not a great place to live.
 But if you're in a cave, you get much less radiation and the temperature.
 There is no pinball in these tunnels.
 And until there is, I'm not going.
 Yeah, it's because the moon has no atmosphere, obviously.
 So the reason that we're at this point...
 Like I don't know.
 No, you drew first days.
 All that reaction time practice you put in as paid off James.
 You're miles ahead of me.
 So the moon has no atmosphere.
 It's temperature fluctuates massively.
 So Earth's temperature is quite stable because the heat from the sun is dispersed a bit by the air particles.
 But don't have it on the moon.
 So the sun's not on you.
 Then you say your eyes are cold.
 It's a nightmare.
 But I don't really understand this asteroid thing.
 So asteroids hit the moon far more often.
 They do make out like that's going to be a big issue.
 Just little dies.
 Like little asteroids that would kind of burn up.
 Burn up in the Earth's atmosphere.
 The little pebble.
 That would be quite awkward, wouldn't it?
 Like I know they're small, but if you came hit by them all the time.
 It's so annoying.
 Yeah, imagine.
 And the damage they can do, it's like with the stuff that's going around our planet.
 If it even something the size of a bullet hits the International Space Station,
 it could shatter it.
 The speeds that they're going at.
 So yeah, I mean a bullet is traditionally a harmful thing to be hit by as well.
 Yeah, I know.
 Even a bullet.
 Let's imagine.
 One of the problems though, if you live inside one of these tubes,
 is that the moon constantly suffers from moon quakes.
 I think they believe that these lava tubes can suffer a huge internal damage
 off the back of it, collapse and so on.
 Just with my estate agent's hat on, I'd like to say this one's absolutely fine.
 The previous tenants, no complaints.
 Screaming from under the rubble.
 And cosmic radiation is a problem on the moon.
 And that's something that we're trying to deal with.
 So this is kind of, it gets hit by all sorts of stuff that we've talked about before.
 So the moon gets caught in the solar wind, the solar tail sometimes,
 and gets hit by all these damaging particles.
 And I think the lunar reconnaissance orbiter, which went up to the moon from NASA
 a few years ago, sent a plastic replica of human skin,
 which measured how much damage this kind of radiation will do.
 Wow.
 And it worked out that it is quite a bit of damage.
 So human bodies.
 Why would we not just send up human skin?
 Because I think human skin's not alive, I guess.
 Oh, okay.
 And maybe it's hard.
 Maybe we send up a candle.
 Yes, because that is the perfect replica of the human body.
 It's a plastic replica of human skin.
 Yeah, but then you won't see what happens to genitals.
 Oh, that's true.
 Which is important, because it might make you infertile if you have all this radiation
 passing through you.
 Yeah.
 But a day on the moon is 14 Earth days and a night is 14 Earth nights,
 if you're on the equator.
 So it's just not going to be fun, isn't it?
 Well, a nice long line in the morning.
 Yeah, that's true.
 But then a long day at work.
 Oh, true.
 There's not that much work to do there, I don't think, yet.
 No, but why would anyone want to live on the moon?
 Like, what is the point?
 Well, I've watched some interviews with those people who were sign up for the Mars mission
 to go to Mars and a lot of them say things like
 I haven't really been able to find a girlfriend,
 so I don't really see any point.
 I might find one of the Mars.
 Mum, Dad, nice to see you on the video.
 Like, this is Janice, she's a dead microbe, but she's mine and I love her.
 She's a plastic replica of human skin.
 I think it would be scientists, right?
 It's like the same as Antarctica.
 No one lives in Antarctica apart from scientists.
 So it would be the same, right?
 Yes.
 But I read one article that said one of the advantages of going to the moon
 is it might be so terrible that it will force us to accept
 that the Earth is the only decent place to live,
 and we'll make us look after the Earth better.
 That is a good idea.
 I mean, the Earth is so much better than the moon.
 It's better at some things.
 No, one thing the moon's better at.
 It's got better craters, I think.
 That's what you're into.
 We've got craters.
 It's got better ones.
 It's got bigger mountains.
 I'm not booking my ticket just yet, guys.
 You guys are telling us the travel agents.
 The sky is always black as well,
 which I don't think I would like, just because I guess I'm not used to it.
 But even in daytime, the 14 day day, the sky is totally black.
 I think that's really creepy, because the only reason the sky is blue
 is because I can't even conceive of total broad daylight,
 but with the black sky.
 No, that doesn't make any sense.
 It doesn't work.
 I think that'd be right.
 Because it's bright, but it's dark.
 Bright, but it's black.
 I think that can't be true.
 That's weird.
 It's true.
 You can't compute it, but it's the case.
 Because what other...
 I mean, what are the colours that are going to be?
 I don't believe you, I'm actually.
 But it's too much for my brain to manage.
 Do you know what the main problem would be if we...
 I mean, sorry, we've just been through about 15 of the main problems.
 But according to Eugene Sernan, who's the last man to walk on the moon,
 the main problem would be the dust.
 They spent most of their time dusting on that last mission to the moon.
 Yeah, because they had like a vacuum cleaner to get all the dust off their stuff
 and it clogged up the black vacuum cleaner.
 Really?
 But you know what the main problem is.
 So spots are going to be very difficult.
 And the reason is, you can jump and throw balls much better.
 This is according to an article on space.com.
 So you can throw a ball maybe like 10 to 6 times higher or 6 times further.
 But that means that your American football field,
 which is what they were talking about,
 would have to be 600 yards long.
 And so you need that space.
 Yeah, that's true.
 You don't have the space because it's a small like planet.
 Tennis will be quite crap as well, because top spin doesn't work.
 So all the best, like in a Darls game is going to go completely to pot
 because the reason top spin works is because of the,
 it's the Bernouille effect that I think we've mentioned before.
 It's about how air pressure acts differently on one side of a spinning ball to the other.
 And so that means that top spin brings the ball down into the court faster than it would otherwise go.
 Because of this effect.
 And with no atmosphere on the moon, again,
 you're not having top spin working.
 So all of them Darls shots go out.
 What about cricket?
 Is this possibly the one place where we can have a time we're going to have a fair cricket match?
 Because there's no Australians.
 And by the way guys our Brisbane date has really not so far.
 We don't know why.
 But Marion Bartoli might be able to work it out before anyone else.
 That's why I'm thinking because she's so smart.
 You're right.
 Like she would be able to work out the trajectories and stuff.
 The perfect way to hit it.
 I'm actually interested in going to the moon a bit more now that we know that top spin doesn't work.
 Because it just levels that playing field when I'm playing a little bit.
 So there wasn't going in 1964 who made a bet.
 He was a British man called David Thrillfall.
 And you remember President Kennedy promised in about 1961 we're going to get to the moon by the end of the decade.
 Yes.
 And they squeaked in in 1969.
 He bet in 1964 that a man would get to the moon before the end of the decade.
 And William Hill gave mods of a thousand to one.
 But they did take the bet.
 And when they landed on the moon he was taken to a TV studio and he became a minor celebrity.
 He was presented with a check for 1,000 which was a lot of money at the time.
 It was about 180,000 in today's money.
 And the really tragic thing was he died the next year in a crash of the car that he bought with the winnings.
 No.
 Oh, that's awful.
 It's just that story.
 Oh, thank you for telling us.
 Should we end on that?
 I looked into if you moved to the moon.
 There's a lot of stuff that is left there by previous missions that you can collect to make your house a bit more interesting.
 It's not interesting enough that you're the only person living on the moon.
 Oh, yeah.
 I need to have a space.
 Some boots.
 Some bagged up pieces.
 Well, come around to my house town.
 You can have bagged up pieces in your own home.
 Very easy.
 You've got a baby.
 You should know all about that.
 My house is bagged up pieces of the moon.
 There's some Andy Wool warhol art up on the moon.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 There's a cock and balls that he drew.
 He drew a cock and balls.
 He paraded it as his initials and A and a W.
 It artistically done.
 The W was upside down and the A.
 Well, that sounds like an M and an A.
 And it's what it looks like as well.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Excuse me, confusing.
 Andy Murray's painting.
 Yeah.
 If you do it like that.
 Andy Wool.
 Yes.
 You're right.
 Yeah.
 So that's how it comes.
 And that's why I thought it looked like an M.
 But he's right.
 No, you've just been having that work of our upside down.
 I've been looking at an upside down.
 You've hung it wrong.
 It's badly hung.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 So this was a kind of, it was a mini little piece of art
 where six different artists contributed to it.
 Andy Warhol was one of them.
 And it was put on this way for a small size little thing
 that was meant to be taken up.
 But NASA disagreed for it.
 So what's happening?
 Let's just try.
 Why are you drawing more cock and balls?
 Well, I've just worked out.
 My name is Andrew Murray.
 And look at that.
 That's an A and an M.
 And it also looks like it.
 I think I've got a new signature for the next book.
 My driving license.
 People are going to be so happy.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Put that down, Andy.
 Go on down.
 Yeah, so they submitted it as wanting to take it to the moon.
 But it was rejected.
 But it was actually smuggled up there.
 A lot of smuggling happened, yeah.
 In the early days, like Buzz Aldrin, I think,
 smuggled up the communion that he brought up to the moon
 and so on.
 People did like to smuggle stuff.
 So you can get a communion.
 How do you communion?
 He's called it.
 How do you communion?
 You're right.
 Very nice.
 So Andy Warhol art is up there.
 There's also a feather from a falcon up there.
 Just a single feather, which is really cool.
 It was done as part of an experiment.
 Oh, yeah, I remember that.
 Yeah, the Apollo 12 experiment.
 What they wanted to do was recreate the idea of seeing
 whether or not the idea of a bowling ball.
 And what was it?
 So Galileo supposedly dropped two balls
 from the leaning tower of pizza.
 Yeah.
 And they landed at the same time because it's independent of mass.
 And they tried it with the bowling ball and the feather.
 He proved that it was true.
 Yeah, a hammer and a feather on the moon.
 Yeah.
 I mean, to take it, yeah, if the most powerful rocket
 can only take three men and a bit of a kit to the moon,
 taking a bowling ball seems like it needed to be fabulous.
 But yeah, it was the Air Force Academy's falcon mascot.
 They have the mascots and they plucked off one of its feathers.
 And that still lives on the moon.
 So I could be part of your house.
 So just to be clear, is that because there's no air resistance?
 Because obviously if you drop hammer and a feather,
 the feather will float down because of air resistance.
 It's on Earth, it would, yeah.
 But on the moon, they drop at the same.
 That's cool.
 Yeah.
 I was just looking at things that we'd have to train to learn
 to do when we get to the moon.
 And I don't think we've mentioned before that all astronauts
 at the moment who go into space have to do toilet training.
 So you have to be read toilet trained.
 Really?
 Have we talked about this?
 No.
 Because I didn't know that.
 So they've forgotten how to do it.
 It makes you forget how to urinate.
 Yeah.
 So you can't have the same design lose in space because stuff
 might kind of get out of them.
 So when you sit on the loo, it's a very, very small aperture
 that you have to aim your stuff into.
 So the opening of a toilet in space is four inches wide.
 And usually I lose 18 inches wide, like 15 to 18 inches wide.
 That's not four inches, Andy.
 No.
 Oh, I thought it was.
 Disappointing the ale around.
 So NASA has specially designed toilet training room
 is at the Johnson Space Centre in Houston.
 And it's actually got two different toilets in it.
 So in this room it's got a positional toilet.
 And that's not functional.
 That's just so you learn how to position yourself properly on the toilet.
 And actually that's--
 Oh, no.
 I'm sure some training astronauts have mistaken the position
 of one way or just practicing for the function of life
 when you go at the showroom, at the bathroom showroom.
 I don't know.
 Is that a thing?
 And I just try this one out.
 That's a comedy trope, isn't it?
 Is it?
 That's where you've got kicked out of IKEA that time.
 It's true.
 So yeah, you've got the show toilet and that tests your aim
 and it's got a little camera inside it that looks up at you.
 So you can then review the footage afterwards to check
 that you've aimed right.
 And then when you're ready for it, you can turn this on
 to the actual function on toilet, which is also in the training room
 where you can practice how to flash and stuff.
 Okay, I have a question.
 Are there any astronauts who have aced every single other metric
 but just haven't been allowed to go to space for the toilet?
 That's not.
 That's not.
 Always ends up on the floor.
 I don't know.
 That must be right.
 Like if you can't do that.
 That's true.
 You have to pass.
 You have to-- that's one of them.
 Actually, that's probably one of the more important things
 to get right in a spaceship.
 Well, flying the rocket is quite important.
 Come on.
 They've probably got autopilot stuff today.
 But if you've got a cabin full of poo floating around,
 that is a hooster and we have a big problem.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland
 and @AndrewHunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 Anna.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing
 or our Facebook page.
 No such thing as a fish or no such thing as a fish.com,
 which is our website.
 We have links to our tours, our books,
 all of the previous episodes that are up online.
 We will be back again next week with another podcast.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC]
