 (upbeat music)
 - Hello, and welcome to Little Fish.
 This is the bonus Monday episode
 where we put down our facts from the last seven days
 and we get to chill out, sit back,
 and really enjoy the facts that you've been sending us in.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray
 and Anna Toshinsky and Andy,
 you've been going through the inbox,
 collecting the best gem sent into us this week.
 So let's begin.
 - Let's have a gem.
 This one goes out too.
 I want to say it goes out too.
 I mean, it comes in from.
 - Good.
 - Oh dear.
 (laughing)
 It's from Leah McCoy.
 - Okay.
 - So, Leah's fact, we've just sent a couple of facts, actually,
 and they're slightly themed.
 Fact number one, women who pay for their coffee or meal
 on a first date tend to display more interest
 in matrimony and then she adds a secondary fact to that,
 which is that leap day is no longer the only day
 that a woman can ask a man to marry her.
 And by the way, Ryan, Leah has something to ask you right now.
 - This is huge.
 - I think this is the first fish proposal.
 - Are we meant to leave a blank space now
 for her to--
 - I hope Leah's paused the podcast at that moment.
 - Oh wait, are we not asking?
 - I think Leah should be the one to ask.
 I mean, they'll have turned it back on by now and we'll know.
 - Well, we don't know now what's happened as a result of this,
 but that's from Leah McCoy.
 - Wow.
 - Amazing.
 - Wow, congratulations or commiserations.
 - Oh, wow.
 - Oh, yes.
 - This is exciting, isn't it?
 - I really hope that they've listened to this
 in like a good moment of their day.
 - Yeah.
 - You can have bad moments, can't you?
 It's couples where you sit down and put a podcast on.
 - What a stupid idea.
 (laughing)
 - I don't think you'd choose to put this podcast on
 in the middle of a huge argument knowing what was gonna be on it
 or do they not know when we're gonna sneak it in?
 - I don't know if Leah knows when we're gonna put this out.
 - You absolutely have to tell her.
 - I should probably watch that.
 - That is insane.
 - Okay, okay, I'll warn her.
 Oh my God, God.
 - She's waiting 10 years.
 She just missed one episode.
 She forgot about it.
 I can't believe there's any other way.
 - Well, look, I hope that we can say congratulations
 to you, Leah and Ryan.
 - Yes.
 - Please do email in podcast@QI.com
 and actually any other big life moments.
 - Maybe conception.
 - We're happy to.
 - The moment of or yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - We're happy to soundtrack that with a fact.
 - A bit like when Tudor, Kings and Queens first had sex,
 they had like a group of people around them monitoring it.
 We could be like that.
 - Oh, you're suggesting we record an episode while they're doing it.
 - Yeah.
 - In the same room.
 - Do you reckon?
 - That's interesting.
 It certainly is interesting, Andy.
 All right, well, let's get another fact.
 Anna, be gone.
 - Well, this is gonna be a bit of a damp squid.
 - I know you've really saved the best for first.
 - And yet is this the best for second?
 It's from Izzy Turner.
 Here's a fact for you.
 In 1703, the high sheriff of County Cork and Ireland
 was split between two men, the high sheriff hood.
 I guess split between two men,
 named Dick Cox and Willie Supple.
 That's just to get us back into down the line.
 - Yes.
 - It's absolutely beautiful.
 - Potential names for any newborn children
 coming your way, Lea.
 Willie Supple.
 - Mmm, is that what you want in a Willie?
 - It can't hurt.
 (laughing)
 It's very good.
 - Yeah, something to prevent the tender profile.
 - That's really good.
 - Very nice.
 - A fact here that's been sent in by PJ Neal.
 And the fact is Berilla, the pastor company, Berilla,
 has a Spotify account with 10 different playlists.
 Each of their playlists is named after a specific type of
 pastor, spaghetti, you know, linguine.
 And the length of the playlist is the exact length
 of the time you need to cook that pastor.
 - Yes.
 - So if you're doing pen-a, you would fire up the 11 minute
 pleasant melancholy pen-a playlist.
 And I've got them all here.
 There's absolute carbonara, mixed tapes, spaghetti,
 boom-bap, for silly, you know, it's all good.
 - Brilliant.
 - That's really good.
 Shall I give you another one?
 - Yeah, give it to us.
 - This one comes in from Dick Berg from the Netherlands.
 No relation we presume to.
 What was it?
 Hugh Penis said.
 (laughing)
 - Willie Boobies.
 Willie Supple.
 - I'm sorry, I was in Willie Supple.
 - Dick Berg from the Netherlands.
 - Right, this is about the name of the little supermarket.
 - Okay.
 - It's not one of my name things, it's just a great fact.
 The name of little comes from a guy called Ludwig Lidl,
 who was a retired school teacher and painter
 who I think was friends with a parent of the founder
 of Lidl, right?
 So Dieter Schwarz was the founder of Lidl.
 And in 1973, he was setting up this supermarket,
 but he didn't want to call it Schwarz Marked,
 which he should have done who was calling it,
 you know, his shop.
 - Yeah.
 - And because that means black market, Schwarz Marked.
 So instead, he just thought Lidl is a good, short,
 powerful word, and I got to buy for 1,000 marks
 the name from Ludwig Lidl.
 - Wow.
 - So that's the guy who, yeah.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - And what's Ludwig's surname now?
 - I think he got to keep it, I believe.
 (laughing)
 - He doesn't have to give it up.
 - No, no, no.
 And the company, in fact, was founded in the 1930s
 before they renamed it as the supermarket.
 - Yeah.
 - The local company was called Schwarz Leibin's
 Middle Sortiment Gross Handelung.
 - I think that is his new surname, isn't it?
 (laughing)
 It was a swap.
 Yeah, that's very good.
 Anna, let's get one for you.
 - Yes, I think is one of my favorite facts I've ever had.
 It is bang up my street.
 This is from Tom Ween, or Tom Ween, W-I-N.
 And he says, "If you're ever in an argument
 "with Senegalese footballer, El Hadji Duf,
 "you can diffuse the tension immediately
 "by calling him brainless."
 Now, this is part of a West African tradition,
 which I'm definitely looking into,
 keep an eye on further podcasts for facts about this,
 'cause it's part of a West African tradition
 of joking kinship, in which particular ethnic groups
 have standard gags they make about other groups.
 So it's a socially approved thing,
 and you're not allowed to get annoyed.
 So there'll be one group of people in Senegal
 who are allowed to say, "You're a wanker."
 And you're not allowed to get pissed off,
 because it just shows how close you are,
 and it's used to get people to calm down.
 So if you're having a fight,
 weirdly, the way you can diffuse the tension is to say,
 "You tosser."
 And they have to say, "Oh, the joking kinship thing."
 - You win. - That's really good.
 - It's so amazing. - You twat.
 Yeah. - Did I get it right?
 - I've just got to take it, you know what I'm saying?
 Yeah, that's our joking kinship.
 - More on twat.
 - No, no, you don't have more on offended now.
 - Selfish, you don't agree to eat.
 - No, no, it's not understanding.
 It's not just your choice.
 - It's not everywhere to you.
 My dad calls me dickhead, and that's with affection.
 - Is it? - Yeah.
 - I'd need a double check, but it doesn't say anyone else that.
 - Or is it just for you?
 - Oh, all the arsels in our local area
 will dickhead by him as well.
 So I don't know why he's grouped me with them,
 but yeah, it's a...
 - Wow. - Are you dickhead?
 - Yeah, I mean, that's fair.
 Yeah, you did some dickheading in our family.
 - Yeah. - But it's so cool
 that this is like written into law, L-O-R-E.
 And he does say that in at least one recorded case,
 they persuaded a rebel group to release hostages
 just because people told the right jokes.
 And as he says, "Dufors" from the Sireg group,
 which means the pale people are allowed to call him brainless.
 - Wow, lovely. - Sorry.
 - Amazing. - Yeah.
 - Yeah, love it. - Love it.
 - Very cool. - Really good.
 - We seem to be on a little name theme going on here.
 So I'll read this one here, which is Sophie Williams writes
 in high-fish NHL player, so national hockey league player,
 Steve Hines plays with the sweater number 57.
 - Very good.
 - 'Cause there are 57 for rights.
 - Exactly, is that known in the NHL?
 - I'm not sure. - It's a Canada, right?
 - It's probably in America as well,
 but I know it more as a Canadian thing.
 Yeah, so that's a thing.
 He was 57, and I don't think he was granted the number
 to begin with 57.
 He asked for it in the first team he played for said no,
 and then he eventually got it.
 - Oh, wait, hold on.
 So he was asking specifically
 because of the Hines connection.
 - Yeah. - That's actually even funnier.
 I thought it was just coincidence.
 - No, no, he asked for it specifically.
 - But he's not connected to the family.
 - No, 'cause they were.
 I mean, there were millionaires.
 I think the millionaires actually, the Hines airs.
 - That makes sense.
 - Billions of beans have been sold.
 - Yeah. - Yes.
 - Doesn't make sense.
 - Doesn't make sense.
 - And they do other things too.
 - There's another player who plays for the NHL,
 who wears the number 22, and that's Jordan Tutu.
 - Really good.
 - And again, I feel like he's had other numbers,
 and that's the one that he's chased.
 I like it when teams let their players do that.
 Remember, we did a fact years ago about how Ray Crock
 bought a baseball team, the Padres,
 and one of his first signings, even though the person
 was sort of past their peak as a player,
 was a guy whose nickname was Big Mac,
 and he brought them into the team.
 - Yes. - Stuff like that.
 - Yeah.
 - Lost a whole lot of money for the investors.
 - He really did, 'cause he's nice at the end of the joke.
 - Yeah, in jokes, they're worth more than actual wins,
 I would say. - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Good one, dickhead.
 - Okay.
 Okay, that's my dad can call me, sorry.
 - Sorry. - Sorry.
 - Here's one from Shan Valvis, from Cao Paolo.
 The first personality quiz was devised
 by Marcel Proust.
 - Interesting, so I looked into this one.
 He actually didn't come up with it, he did answer it.
 He's the most famous early recipient of this quiz
 or partaker in it.
 'Cause the Victorians, they had this hobby
 of writing a confession album.
 - Okay, sounds fun. - A diary.
 - No, it sounds a lot more fun than it is.
 - Basically, you have to answer a list of questions,
 which is your chief characteristic, your main fault,
 your favorite occupation, your idea of happiness.
 All of these, and it gets quite philosophical.
 It starts off with what's your favorite color.
 - You wouldn't even answer that one, would you?
 - Hello.
 - You're just tearing it off.
 - No, it's your part of your business.
 - I prefer not to say.
 So this album that he answered belonged to his friend,
 it was good Antoinette for it.
 And basically, he lists a whole load of his,
 you know, most intimate and deep secrets
 in his questionnaire.
 So that was the first kind of popular
 parlor game version of a personality quiz.
 - That's interesting.
 - 'Cause there's a thing that's done,
 I think it's in Vanity Fair at the back,
 which is the Proust questionnaire.
 - Oh, that'll be this. - Yeah, that is this.
 - I think it's largely asking about books,
 or at least that's my memory.
 Maybe it's not though.
 Maybe it's all about your favorite, everything.
 Yeah, so that must be connected.
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It will absolutely be that.
 It's known as the Proust questionnaire these days.
 And this is basically kind of instead of a board game,
 you play a game where you answer these questions
 and then you talk about them.
 Interesting.
 - And all your friends have written,
 I think in your confession album,
 all of their answers to the quiz.
 - Oh, so fun. - Yeah, which is quite cool.
 - You, not to throw too much of personal life in here, Anna,
 but you play a similar game to that
 that you got me to do.
 - Oh, Wheel of Life. - Yeah.
 - God, shall I share the Wheel of Life?
 - Yeah, tell people. - Oh.
 - This is, me and my friend compiled this about 20 years ago.
 And it's basically to work out how well your life is going.
 There are seven categories, and they are relationship,
 friends, house, job, self-improvement, health.
 So that covers your diet and your exercise and another one.
 But you can even make that one up yourself.
 And you go through them and you grade them out of seven.
 And then you look at your total score
 and you think, well, here's where I'm in trouble.
 I don't have a house.
 I hadn't realised before that was why I was unhappy.
 Or something like that.
 - Yeah, it's great. - And you and I have played it, Anna.
 I didn't think I gave you anything.
 And I, as it lasted about half a minute.
 (laughing)
 Okay, I've got another one here.
 This is from Anders Nissen.
 And this is that sharks can bite you in their sleep.
 And this does seem to be one particular case
 in 2005 in New Mexico, which recorded it's only so far,
 shark attack incident, 'cause it's landlocked,
 but it took place at the Biopark Aquarium.
 And there's a diver called Ken Pits,
 who needed six stitches.
 The email says, "Sustain minor injuries
 that required six stitches."
 Well, I actually would say that's moderate injuries.
 When a captive santaiga shark bumped into him
 and santaiga sharks, if you picked them,
 they've got teeth sticking out.
 So the santaiga shark was sleeping,
 wandered over, bumped into him and bit him
 with his, or scraped along him with his teeth.
 Oh, okay, yeah.
 So it didn't, 'cause sometimes it's like, say like you,
 you've pet a sleeping dog and it suddenly,
 it has a reaction and it bites you.
 And yeah, I thought you meant like that.
 No, it didn't even have a reaction.
 You don't need to let sleeping sharks lie.
 They're fine with it, stroke away.
 But this one did inadvertently bite him.
 But weirdly, this event was considered a provoked attack,
 which seems kind of unfair.
 Maybe you've just got to fill something in on the form.
 I don't know.
 What's an unprovoked attack?
 Yeah, I don't know.
 If that is provoked, how much gentle
 do you possibly have to be than just being there?
 You guys been bit by many things?
 No, I don't think I've.
 Children?
 Yes, I have been bit by child, not like not my own child.
 Oh, really?
 What did you do?
 Well, you've got to put them down afterwards.
 It's a too dangerous to roam the streets.
 At least with any other animal,
 you're allowed to really shake it.
 Yeah, you can't kick it.
 You can't do that with this child.
 And of course, I go locked your on you
 and you've got a really good, pencil out of the bum.
 Dogs do that if you stroke them while they're asleep.
 I think you can freak a dog out and it turns and bites, yeah.
 I've never had that.
 I've never touched a sleeping dog.
 It's eyeless into the thanks.
 Okay, here's another one.
 I got an email from someone called Ed Robinson
 who says you mentioned recently that we can't say
 for certain that Charles Darwin didn't ride the tube.
 So we spoke about this.
 There's an overlap between the beginning of the tube
 and the end of days of Charles Darwin.
 So to my knowledge, we also can't say for certain
 that Karl Marx didn't have a fruit pastel
 as they were invented in 1881 and he died in 1883.
 Actually, I think he died in 1882.
 But still, that's it.
 It doesn't take that long for me to fruit pastel.
 Yeah.
 Do we know what killed him?
 I mean, apologies.
 Sorry, no, that's my fault.
 We're talking about Karl Marx there.
 Darwin died 1882.
 Sorry.
 So Darwin and Marx could have both had a fruit pastel.
 Yeah, they could have died having a fruit pastel
 eating competition in fact.
 That's exactly it.
 Karl Marx was, depends how well the competition goes, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 I mean, if you win the fruit pastel eating competition,
 you may die.
 Of diabetes or something?
 Of just fruit pastels.
 Just fruit pastels here, yeah.
 Death by fruit pastels.
 Of course, it's a very common one, isn't it?
 I looked into other things that Darwin
 might have been able to experience.
 1882.
 Darwin could have had Heinz ketchup on his chips when he was eating.
 He could have had a sip of absolute vodka
 while he was eating those chips with Heinz ketchup.
 Of course, back in those days, Heinz ketchup
 just came with the big number one on the bottle
 because they'd only invented one variety.
 Yeah.
 He also could have been walking around in denim Levi Jeans.
 Oh, yeah.
 Darwin could have had a pair of Levi Jeans.
 You don't picture it, do you?
 It's sort of cut off, so with a whole red in the knee,
 do you think it'd go full?
 Do you know what's weird?
 He would have known about Jeans in his lifetime, Levi's,
 but he would have known about Jeans in genetics in his lifetime.
 Oh, oh, dear.
 What kind of Jeans did Darwin know about that?
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Because that came years later.
 Someone had found the foundations of Jeans
 so genetics has dated while he was still alive.
 But no word was put to it.
 Nothing was properly published.
 Charles Darwin goes out for a night on the vodka
 on his way home in his jeans,
 has some chips with Heinz ketchup on
 and then gets the two-po eating his fruit pastels.
 Yeah.
 But it's interesting, isn't it?
 Because what's the equivalent now of doing that?
 So Dame Vera Lin, I think, has only very recently died.
 Dame Vera Lin could have got a limed bike to the vape shop
 and paid for it with some Bitcoin.
 Yes.
 I've got one more.
 Last one from me.
 This is from Dominique Touren, who writes,
 "I'm a long-time listener, first-time emailing from Montreal."
 Come on, we're all.
 (laughing)
 For those listening at home, you have to understand,
 there's always a pause afterwards
 because Andy's mouth drops to the floor
 when he hears these exotic locations that have been sent to us.
 It's from Darwin's area.
 He can't believe the technology exists.
 What are the podcasts?
 What are the podcasts?
 Get some emails from Montreal, São Paulo.
 Just loads of them.
 I've got one from St. Albans, but like, just stunning.
 Okay, Dominique Touren writes, Montreal, by the way,
 home of the world record for most tickets sold
 for a podcast recording, 20,986.
 Then she adds, slightly snapply,
 "When will you do a live show here?"
 Well, as soon as we clear that 20,000-seater venue,
 you can get a book, yeah, we'd love to do that.
 Anyway, Dominique wanted to write about the fact
 that Canada has ice-breaker hovercraft.
 How cool is that?
 Oh, wow.
 Basically, when the ice melts, big chunks of ice
 can sometimes jam up the mouths of streams or rivers
 or whatever, you know, it's a problem
 'cause that leads to flooding of towns and farmland or whatever.
 So they deploy the ice hovercraft.
 And they just hovercraft over and blast down
 and the vibrations break up the ice into smaller chunks.
 I think they've got two of them.
 And yeah, just whack it.
 So good. Just a cool invention.
 What height do you stop being a hovercraft
 and stopping a helicopter?
 'Cause I feel like helicopters could do that.
 They could get low enough, couldn't they?
 Yeah, they could.
 Like, I suppose it's whenever the rotor blade has moved
 from the bottom to the top.
 That's when you're a helicopter.
 There's horrible budget helicopter experience.
 You've signed up to it.
 Are you sure this is, looks like a boat.
 It does occasionally leave the water, though.
 It does a big wave, so that's an awful hovercraft.
 Sorry.
 Have you been on a hovercraft?
 There used to be ones crossing the channel, didn't there?
 And I used to go across the channel when I was a kid.
 Maybe I went in one, maybe I didn't.
 If I did, I didn't lose it.
 Have you?
 Yeah, hovercrafts.
 Yeah, hovercrafts, to get us between islands.
 I recently went on a bike ride past the first ever internet.
 A little hovercraft port.
 Amazing.
 The first ever international hovercraft port.
 I cycle past it.
 Does anything interesting happen?
 It's very near you, Dash.
 Is it?
 It's like, well, Bay.
 No way.
 Yeah.
 That was interesting.
 Now it's relevant to Don'ts.
 'Cause actually it's really interesting.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'll move to Margate.
 Maybe I'll see the light.
 Okay.
 Well, that's it for your facts.
 Thank you, everyone, for sending them in.
 But before we wrap up today's episode,
 we have one more thing to do, which is hand out our latest batch
 of facts to the custodians of the Clubfish tier,
 known as Friend of the Podcast, who wants to start?
 I will kick off and I will donate a fact to Laura Grace.
 And that is that the Natural History Museum
 is stopping Moths from destroying the exhibits
 by turning them gay.
 Mm.
 Very kind thing, was this?
 Actually, I remember this is one of yours,
 but it's one of mine.
 It's yours.
 Yeah.
 Everything good I do.
 I attribute to you, Dan.
 Yeah, this is cool, isn't it?
 Moths eating them up, so you turn them gay.
 They don't have kids.
 So the kids can't eat them up.
 Yeah, how do you turn them through?
 Oh, yeah, no, that's the hard part, isn't it?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I think they give them some foot hormones,
 like get a spray some pheromones on them or something,
 don't they?
 I think you're right.
 They spray what male moths with female hormones.
 Exactly.
 They spend all their time trying to make with each other.
 Is that turning them gay?
 It's more like dragging up male moths as females.
 Yeah, you're right.
 It's tricking heterosexual moths into performing
 a homosexual act.
 Yeah.
 I wonder if that's still the method, because this is obviously
 an old fact.
 There must be times of change, do you think?
 As a culturally.
 Someone might have come into the Natural History Museum
 the next year and said, actually, we've
 got a different method.
 We're going to have to stop this whole idea now.
 It's a mad idea, and we can just actually spray this moth
 killer round.
 You can't do anything anymore.
 Yeah.
 OK.
 Shall I do one?
 Yeah.
 OK, this fact goes out to Jane.
 Jane with a Y right in the middle.
 And the fact is this, the word marvellous
 has fallen in use from 155 times per million in the 1990s
 to only two times per million today.
 That is a catastrophic decline.
 It's sad, isn't it?
 It cuts down almost down to 1% of its former range and habitat.
 I think that's tragic.
 I use the word marvellous all the time.
 I do as well.
 You'll be astonished tonight.
 I do as well, and I've got a theory about all these facts
 about like use of word as decline.
 I don't think we don't write them, but we still use them.
 So these are always taken from like Google Ngrams aren't they?
 Or things like that, which see how many times we've mentioned them.
 So maybe it's fallen out of fashion in our high literature.
 But Andy and I, half of our conversations are the word marvellous.
 No one's recording that, are they?
 I wonder who that ice--
 I can in my head hear Stephen Fry saying it a lot.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Marvellous.
 Yeah.
 OK, here's another one.
 This is going out to Ryan Gilgillin.
 Your fact is to prepare for China's national day,
 100,000 pigeons receive anal security checks
 to make sure they're not carrying anything suspicious.
 That Ryan can now be framed on your wall.
 Yeah.
 Ryan will have had his certificate months ago, in effect.
 100,000 pigeons receiving anal security checks.
 And is it just the one person do we remember with a very small finger?
 Oh, actually, we have more detail in the archive.
 I think they get, gosh, they get cavity searches twice.
 Just when they think they've got through the first test,
 there's another one.
 In fact, in case they've hidden it up a different hole--
 I don't know.
 But they're all pigeons that are released for the national day.
 And again, this was a few years ago.
 Maybe they may be things have changed.
 I hope they happen.
 Maybe the anal security is as necessary.
 I don't see what's changed to make it less necessary.
 And the deal is that they're--
 I mean, why are the pigeons-- they're used a lot in national day
 aren't they?
 So they're released and they do amazing performances.
 Yeah.
 Oh, they fly into there and they look really cool.
 Yeah.
 Otherwise, why are they trying to get into this night?
 They're going to a gig because they
 love taking a sweat or whatever.
 But they shouldn't be-- but what if they're smuggling something?
 Yeah.
 No, you've got a check.
 Yeah, you've got a check.
 You've got a check, order.
 You've got a check.
 Let's do another one.
 This is for Cambie.
 Cambie.
 Enjoy this little nugget.
 Only 28% of people know when they're being flirted with.
 Cambie.
 What a great fact that is on you.
 Yes, Camb.
 Looks really nice.
 Have you been exercising your fact?
 Camb, I don't know if I'm flirting with you.
 Sorry.
 We actually did this on cue I last year, I think, as well.
 And it's interesting because who do you think
 is less aware that they're being flirted with?
 When?
 Women are less aware that they're being flirted with.
 And that is because--
 Men about it flirting?
 Men are too subtle.
 Yeah.
 That's what's always said about us, isn't it?
 That's the moment.
 The study looks at it and it found that men, actually,
 when it comes to the crux of it,
 you're too scared of rejection to actually make it clear enough.
 So most women have no idea.
 So all these missed opportunities,
 just get out there, to pull your trousers down, whatever it takes.
 I think it's pretty clear.
 If I say to a woman, would you like to come with me
 to the site of the world's first international hover
 port?
 How much more blatant do you want me to get?
 No, no, you're absolutely right.
 I'm proud to get my tongue hanging out by saying that.
 It's outrageous.
 It's really women.
 Does that we just didn't fancy me?
 No, we just liked hover ports.
 And it's just me and Andy again hanging out by the hover port.
 I think I have no idea if I'm being flirted with in my single days.
 And I was terrible at flirting.
 I was sucked on both sides.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, it sounds like it's still up to a pretty good result.
 [LAUGHTER]
 All right, next fact.
 Let's have another fact.
 This one goes out to Robbie Brennan.
 Robbie, your fact is that ancient Sumerian beer
 was as thick as porridge and was drunk through a straw.
 And I can't remember if this is one
 where we talked about the porridge straw.
 Do you remember that?
 Yes, I do.
 Yeah.
 You would pour your porridge into a drawer
 if you were a Scottish Crofter or whatever.
 And then you could just cut off his lies.
 And I tried to do this recently.
 Did you?
 Yeah.
 If you're under wear drawer, one of your white drawers.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I didn't try and do the drawer thing,
 but I had some porridge which had gone--
 I just-- it hadn't worked out properly.
 And I thought, I know.
 I'll just make a porridge.
 I'll just turn this into porridge drawer porridge, like flapjack.
 Oh, yeah, nice.
 It doesn't work.
 I just thought it happened naturally that porridge turns into flapjacks.
 If you put in a drawer, leave it for three years.
 I'm so stupid.
 I'll just say that I'm Anne Miller, friend of the podcasters,
 who's been on the podcast.
 Her grandparents had a porridge drawer.
 Did they?
 They sat in the case, yeah, no house in there.
 Nice.
 Well, that's cool.
 All right, another fact to give out.
 This one is going out to Nessie.
 Charlie not.
 After all these years.
 I imagine this is how we prove Nessie exists.
 They're part of Club Fish.
 Nessie, your fact is, baby turtles
 coordinate when they're going to hatch from within their eggshells.
 Wonderful.
 An amazing--
 So curious.
 Because as far as you know, as a baby turtle,
 you're the only life in the universe.
 Because you're inside a shell.
 It's almost like if you went to a campsite,
 you put your tent up, it turned night,
 and then everyone arrived and put their tent up.
 And you just started going, hello?
 And someone's like, oh, oh.
 And you're like, what?
 There's other people in the campsite.
 But I'm in my tent.
 I don't know how many.
 I don't know who's there.
 We now have to invent a language to talk to each other.
 And we all have to get to the riverbank together
 for, say, if you had numbers to avoid the predators.
 Which is what the turtles are doing.
 I'm sorry, do you come to?
 I'm sorry, I get a really horrible character.
 We're at the Hunger Games campsites.
 Sorry, I was trying to drag it back towards the fact
 I shouldn't have done it.
 No, don't be stupid.
 You need to say, when you're exiting a metaphor,
 you need to be in the wrong--
 When I'm on a roll, join.
 Here's a fact for Tessa or Rask.
 It's written as all one word, but I assume it's two.
 It could be Tessa Rask.
 Anyway, the fact is that Henrik Ibsen's last words
 were to his nurse.
 She said he seemed to be looking better.
 He replied, on the contrary, and then he died.
 The next day.
 That's one of those facts that's perfect
 until you get to the final three words.
 He held on all the family coming in, trying to tattoo him.
 No, I've done my last word.
 They were good.
 Yeah, I wonder if this is a true one.
 Haven't actually checked it because a lot of last words, not true.
 And this is Dan's fact, so--
 Oh, Terry.
 So probably true.
 Don't frame it, Tessa, just in case.
 That was-- that last words are always really fine.
 That's wonderful.
 They would have all the time.
 We did on the show is the role-doll one.
 He had a nurse by his side.
 He had his family there.
 And he said something really poignant
 like the thing I'm going to miss most is all of you.
 Beautiful last words, closed his eyes.
 And as he appeared to be going, the nurse gave him
 an injection of some drug to help him slip seamlessly
 into death.
 And as she put the needle in, he went, oh, fuck!
 And then died.
 The last words are all dull.
 And I found a big biography of him the other day.
 And there's more detail to it in that book.
 It's so, that's deathly real.
 That's true.
 As is the idson.
 As is the idson.
 Don't worry, it's way in a way.
 Let's get one more.
 All right, this last one goes out to Kim Dachtler.
 And the fact is, I love this so much.
 In Peru, depictions of the last supper show Jesus
 and his disciples eating a guinea pig.
 It must be very big as a guinea pig.
 It must be a big guinea pig.
 Oh, it must mean one each.
 Or, well, we know he could do his thing, obviously.
 Multiplying the guinea pigs.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Do you think with the guinea pigs--
 Those are the fishes and the guinea pigs.
 Was they just edited down a little bit?
 It's not--
 Yeah, and this is because eating guinea pigs is a big thing.
 James has eaten guinea pig in Peru.
 Not a euphemism.
 I don't even know what it would be.
 A little bit of pop.
 Didn't when we had Michael Palin on the show,
 he'd say, I don't know if it was guinea pigs,
 but they were the size of cars back in the day.
 I think they were.
 That'll back in the day.
 I won't be saying back in the day a while ago.
 Yeah, but maybe there's an in-between between then Jesus and now.
 Two thousand years ago, it was actually--
 That's not the small one on the knee.
 Oh, dear, apparently you can cut them into five at the table.
 Can you?
 So any would have had to have been two and then--
 Yeah, two and a bit.
 We'll have three guinea pigs for the table.
 And then I actually only have one piece of the guinea pig.
 So is it all right if I don't pay the full one in 30?
 Is that OK?
 Yeah.
 OK, well, there you go.
 Congratulations to Kim, Tesserac, Nessie, Robby, Cam, Ryan, Jane, Laura.
 You are now the custodians of these eight facts.
 Frame them on your wall, don't double check if they're right or wrong, and enjoy.
 If you want to get your own fact to put on your wall.
 And we do send out a digital certificate.
 It looks really cool.
 All you need to do is join the highest tier of clubfish.
 And clubfish is at patreon.com/clubfish.
 Alternatively, in the first half of this show, we would reading out your facts.
 And you can send those into us at podcast@cui.com
 and he goes through every single email and he will pick out the best of them
 to bring to this show.
 So do that and then hear your fact here on our show.
 One more congratulations to Leah and Ryan with things we think hopefully.
 And thank you for allowing us to be part of that big moment in your life.
 And we want to be full of the wedding.
 Well, do we?
 OK.
 Songs or a podcast?
 What do you want?
 I don't mind, really.
 OK.
 I just want to be involved.
 OK.
 All right.
 I'm going to sign up to that.
 OK.
 Well, anyway.
 Yeah.
 tune in on Friday to big fish.
 And we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
