 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hoburn. My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with James Harkin,
 Anna Tyshinski and Andrew Hunter Murray, and once again we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is my fact, my fact this week is that in 1950s America,
 flight attendants consulted an alcohol chart of the sky so they knew when they were allowed to
 serve booze. Wow. Yeah. So is that because, it must be because some parts of America you can't drink,
 but does that mean Colorado goes all the way up to the top of the universe? Where does it end? Does
 the ISS, are they not allowed to drink their snuck up portions of booze that they hide? Yeah.
 This is the 1950s where there were a lot of dry states in America, and that dry ban expanded
 all the way up to 30,000 feet into the air. I suppose it makes sense, because let's say you
 lived in a dry county, and you thought, well I'm gonna get out of this, I'm gonna hire a hot air
 balloon, and I'm just gonna float off the ground and drink a load of booze. It makes sense that
 they stopped that from happening. That would be my first thought. Exactly. But you used to be
 able to go off short, didn't you? That's true. And that's how people would get around it. But so
 this is the issue, is that obviously you're in a plane that's flying over multiple states. Do all
 laws apply above all this? You know there's like 12 weird laws, and it's like you're not allowed to
 kick a horse in a higher on a Sunday. And you're flying over in a plane, and you're like stop kicking
 that horse. Anyone intending to marry a second wife is now allowed for the next 30 minutes.
 Was it the case that you'd have to say quickly down it, we're about to hit Pennsylvania?
 Yeah, it's really odd. What I couldn't find was if it's the sale of alcohol, because they used to
 sell the alcohol on board there, or whether or not. So exactly, we're approaching Pennsylvania,
 quick everyone. And so, yes, skull, skull, skull. And the way that it was done is the flight attendants
 would look out the windows for monuments, so they'd be like, oh okay, we're coming up for that now.
 What? Yeah, yeah, there was so many restrictions. How can you tell you're in Pennsylvania from the air?
 Well, just to say this, surely the pilot had a better way of knowing where they were going,
 the muttering down, saying look, there's a church that I recognize. Well, remember back in the 50s,
 with mail delivery, they just had big arrows on the ground. Concrete arrows. Yeah, to point that side.
 Yeah, I don't know what it was like. Having been in a helicopter with my wife flying, it's only a
 small helicopter, so we don't have that much instruments and stuff. But you do, like you have
 a map and it's like, there's a golf course here and you're like, my wife's like, can you check
 there's a golf course on the left hand side? Yes, there is. Okay, we're going in the right
 direction. Yeah, unfortunately, you always get lost because you're only looking for the next golf course.
 But it wasn't just that. The attendant would have to know, is this state allowing drinking on a Sunday
 or an election day? What are the hour restrictions? Because sometimes they're just restricted for
 certain hours. So yeah, certain holidays that are being celebrated there, are we allowed to drink
 then or not? So question, yeah, there are still dry states in America. Why did they not do this
 anymore? I guess maybe they've realized. It was weird being an air stewardess in the 1950s, wasn't
 it? Sorry, the fact that I paused at air stewardess does remind me how weird it also is that I still
 think of air stewardess as the terminology, even though it stopped being the term in the 70s.
 Yeah, before you were born, in fact. Way before I was born. Wait, I just want to emphasize way
 before I was born. Does everyone else do that? I cycle through them in my head, you know.
 Like hostess, stewardess, trolley dolly. I actually don't even think trolley dolly anymore,
 I'd like to point out. It's so woke, Andy. I think we can call them flight attendants, can we?
 Well, it was weird being a flight attendant in the 1950s and it was explicitly just for women.
 I hadn't quite realized how all flights in America, pretty much all airlines, stated men need not
 apply, to the extent that there was a completely transformative lawsuit in 1971, which was brought
 by a man who wanted to be a flight attendant, a guy called Celio Diaz, and they had a witness
 for the airline, who was a guy called Eric Byrne, a psychiatrist, and he testified that
 a flight attendant who was male would make passengers really uncomfortable. And he said,
 you know, because you'll be effeminate. And he said it'll make male passengers uneasy,
 as it might arouse feelings in him, he would rather not have aroused.
 Oh, there are definitely some states in America that you won't be able to do that.
 How interesting. And we've said before, I think, that the reason that they were women to start off
 with is because they were nurses. Yeah, Ellen Church was, she wanted to become a pilot. They
 said you can't. She made a case of saying, what if then you need a nurse on board? And while I'm
 there, I can serve some drinks, I can, I can refuel the plane, just like a nurse. But her biggest
 argument, I think, was that she said, if you have a woman on board, you're not going to have scared
 passengers because the men will be too afraid to admit that they're scared when there's a woman
 who's not scared on board. That was her pitch. And I think before that it was children, basically,
 right? It was teenagers. Yeah. And again, it's like, you know, if the teenager's not scared,
 then we probably won't be scared. That's good logic. I think that would work for me.
 Teenagers famously have no sense of risk. They have absolutely no clue whether something is
 harmful or dangerous behaviour. That's true. Maybe it's more like the protective instinct.
 You can't show you're afraid in front of a teenager because you're the grown up in the room.
 To be honest, one of the main reasons they were teenagers is because teenagers were a bit smaller
 than adults. I'm talking now about the 1920s. There was an airline called Daimler Airway,
 which went from Manchester to London in a biplane, which could carry nine passengers.
 But this was a route you could take. And they had these cabin boys whose job was to hand out hot
 water bottles and earplugs and reassure you during the flight saying, don't worry, it's supposed to
 be falling apart. It's the only days of flying. In 50 years, if it makes you feel better, this
 will be totally safe. I should just finish what I was saying about the guy who brought the lawsuit
 to say that in 1971, four years after he brought it, it was ruled that airlines could not discriminate
 against men. And it obviously also was a very homophobic thing. So we think of the fight
 tendons rules as being sexist, but it was also really homophobic. The idea was that these men
 would be effeminate and there'd be arousing homosexual feelings in other men that they didn't
 want to have. And in 1971, you weren't allowed to do that. Sadly, this poor guy who brought the
 lawsuit was at that point too old to become an air steward. Oh, so it was Aegis as well.
 It was Aegis and he'd hit 35, yes. And women, we should also specify, were employed at first as
 nurses. But the reason that they employed only women after that was because they were fair
 and they wanted the male passengers to be attracted to them. It was. And it's really
 interesting. Like until 1978 in America, if you took a plane from, let's say, Detroit to Chicago,
 you had to charge a certain amount, no matter what. Do you mean ticket price, sorry?
 Ticket price, yeah. Right. Exactly. So it was all dependent on the route and it was not dependent
 on anything else. And so you had to attract customers. So what would you do? You would
 make it really attractive. So you would have like piano bars on your plane. You would have
 fillet stakes on your menu. You would have very attractive cabin crew, stuff like that.
 And then in 1978, they increased competition, complete race to the bottom, cheaper the better.
 They got rid of all the frills, no more pianos on planes, no more fillet steak,
 hideous stuff at every turn, unbelievably ugly stuff. But what it meant was the race to the
 bottom meant that a lot of companies went out of business. So you had much fewer companies
 who are running those routes. And it meant that the cabin crew had less sort of chance to move
 between different jobs. Right. Anyway, that's my rant against capitalism. Please enjoy my next
 TED talk. So you just want posh fillet stakes on your first class flights? First class for everyone.
 Yeah. I remember I was on a flight coming back from Dubai and we were going through the craziest
 turbulence I've ever felt. You guys know I'm a nervous flyer. So that was, I was petrified.
 Were you? Yeah. And someone started screaming in the back, screaming. And it screamed, it kind of-
 Was that the echo of your own screaming? We were traveling so fast, sound couldn't keep up with it.
 Yeah. No, this guy was yelling and he was yelling quite a few scary words. And so we were like,
 oh my God, is this like a, is this a bombing? Is it a hijacking? Poltergeist!
 Loneliness. Yeah. And so everyone's terrified. Everyone's really scared, but clearly the people
 know what's going on. And suddenly flight attendants were all running to the back. Now it turns out it
 was a medical emergency. Right. But my last thought that I always think about this, my last thought
 that had the plane had blown up in that moment was that I watched a chef run back and all I could
 think was they have chefs up front. That's incredible. That was my final thought. How did
 you know was he a chef? How do you know he was a chef? He had a giant white hat. He saw what was
 going on with Mum, Mum here. A huge long mustache. Yeah, yeah. Flipping a pancake as he ran. He was
 slicing some tribes at the big knife in midair as he went. Incredible. They don't have chefs on
 planes. Yes, they do. Chef is the, that's a perfect disguise. He fooled you absolutely. He was an
 air marshal, but all air marshals these days stress as chefs. First class they have chefs. They do.
 Can I tell you about an incident that happened? This is not a flight I was on, but it is in the
 great list of air rage incidents on Wikipedia. In 1995, a group of 18 British and Irish tourists
 got rowdy on a flight from London to Minneapolis. They started sending their children to steal
 food and drink from the flight attendants' carts. So causing trouble. What they didn't know is that
 several wrestlers from the US Olympic freestyle wrestling team were also on board the flight.
 And did they take part or is it like a doctor? They're not allowed to intervene in situations
 otherwise they're liable. I can't do a triple suplex on this child. He is my son.
 Yeah, they did know they piled in and they helped restrain the rowdy.
 Every 30 seconds, he's getting out the train table.
 Wait, doctors aren't allowed to intervene? No, they are.
 Is there a doctor on board? Yes, great. Can you stay where you are?
 Can literally anyone else perform surgery? At TMCBR. I mean, I don't know the details,
 but there's a thing where if you intervene, you feel like you are liable or you could be liable
 for something. So obviously they do because they can save someone's life, but then if something
 goes wrong, then suddenly they're wearing their doctor's hat. Yeah, because they're not wearing
 their chef's hat. I was looking at some famous flight attendants. Kate Middleton's mum, Carol.
 Carol Middleton. Yeah, I'd say famous. Oh, there was snobbery about her, wasn't there?
 Strawberry. Snobbery. She always keeps a strawberry about a person.
 There was snobbery because they called her doors to manual or something, which is what you say
 when the plane lands, don't you think? I didn't know about that, yeah. Johanna Sigurthardotir,
 who was Prime Minister of Iceland from 2009 to 2013, and the country's first female PM and the
 first openly LGBTQ head of government. She was a flight attendant. Marina Machete, who was the
 first transgender winner of Miss Portugal. Marina Machete. It's such a great name, isn't it?
 You'd be too scared to take her on. Another one I was reading about was the first female
 steward in the Soviet Union called Elsa Garodetskaya, and she flew from Moscow to Ashkabat in Turkmenistan,
 and it took 13 hours. And if you went by train, it would take 129 hours and 30 minutes.
 So the flights were really important in the Soviet Union because these places are so far apart.
 And the best version of this I found was in Kazakhstan, there was a flight from Almaty to
 Balcash, okay, and it was a two-hour flight, but if you wanted to go by train, it would take 157
 hours because there was no direct train between the two cities. So you had to go from Kazakhstan,
 from Almaty, all the way up to Novosibirsk in Siberia, and all the way back down again,
 and it would take about a week. And we regret to announce there's a five-minute delay to today's
 journey. Wow. Some flight attendant codes, a bit of language, so do you know what they say if they
 find you attractive? No, and nor do you, and they be honest. As in they say it to you directly?
 No, so it's one of these silly little sort of things that gets put into click-baity articles
 online. I'm going back in there already. No, so right, you can either say "Bob" about someone.
 How would you say it? Like, what's the context? Best on board. Yeah, exactly.
 When do you sort of shout "Bob" up the plane? Why do you need a code?
 You must be saying to your fellow attendants, "Oh, there's a Bob in World 13 CB."
 Or, as people get off the plane, you say "Cheerio" to them instead of "Goodbye,"
 or "Thank you for flying with us," or whatever. There'll be a word that you say, you know.
 That's interesting. Toodaloo, or something.
 Don't take this as gospel and humiliate yourself in front of just a perfectly
 polite vice-attendant. It's not my sweet.
 Cheerio. You just grab them like that guy at the end of World War II.
 I have a favourite flight attendant story, a story of honey traps, very topical.
 In the 1960s, the KGB was trying to blackmail the Indonesian president,
 the guy called Ahmad Sukarno. And the way that the KGB blackmailed him was that they had their
 agents on one of his flights, a private flight, disguise themselves as flight attendants and,
 you know, serve him drinks and stuff and look sexy. And they flirted with him to the extent
 that eventually he invited them to his hotel room when he landed. And they had a big old orgy,
 not knowing that the Soviets had hidden a camera behind the mirror in the room and filmed the
 entire orgy. And then, later on, the Soviets called him to a private cinema and gave him a
 private showing of himself having an orgy with these flight attendants who were in fact agents.
 And so, do you know what he did?
 Had a wink.
 Bad news, there's another camera in the cinema. He's filming that.
 And he just kept happening again and again.
 He's still there? That didn't happen. But he did ask for more copies that he could take home
 to his homeland because he said the people would love him for it.
 That's very... I mean, that is funny.
 Completely backfired.
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that a team of ecologists have been studying the health of the oceans
 by dissecting leftover tins of fish from the 1980s.
 All these fish are dead!
 Yeah, it's quite... It's quite a roundabout way of doing it.
 It seems like half of the ocean was made of brine, but the other half was made out of
 olive oil. What about the spicy tomato sauce? That was Mediterranean.
 So what? Yeah, what's that?
 Well, this is really ingenious. It's actually been published now.
 It's a paper in the Ecology and Evolution Journal, and it's research done by Chelsea Wood
 and Natalie Mastic, who were looking into the health of marine mammals specifically.
 So there's quite a few links in this chain.
 They were looking at seals and whales and how their health had been over time.
 But to do that, they wanted to know what parasites have been in the ocean,
 because parasites get into salmon and cause disease in salmon,
 and then seals and whales eat salmon.
 And then you know what kind of diseases seals and whales would have been getting,
 because these parasites will give them certain diseases.
 So how did they find out what parasites were in the ocean 40 years ago?
 Well, they didn't know, and then suddenly out of the blue,
 they got a call from a seafood products association in Seattle,
 saying they were cleaning out their basement, had loads of long expired tins of salmon.
 Did she want them?
 And she said, that's actually a great idea. Yeah, let's do it.
 Does it work?
 It worked. There were tins of tins of salmon.
 So can I just say, so this was 40 years ago, so just before you were born, Anna?
 Just ages before I was born, yeah.
 Ages before you were born.
 But does that mean that anyone eating salmon 40 years ago might have had parasites in their salmon?
 None of the parasites, when they opened the cans were alive,
 nor they'd been alive once they'd been canned.
 So they'd burrow into salmon's muscle.
 They're right inside these muscle pockets,
 and they said they could pick through the tinned muscle tissue with forceps,
 and see the worms like spring out of their muscles.
 What? That's disgusting.
 It's so disgusting.
 So if I eat salmon, that's not happening today, is it?
 Yeah, you've got what?
 Yeah, a magnifying glass on it.
 Salmon do have a lot of problems with, especially the farmed ones,
 because they're in such a tight proximity to each other.
 Sorry, I'm really putting you off here.
 But they're so close that they get more, obviously they get more lice.
 Yeah, I know of that, but I've never seen worms in salmon.
 Yeah, they're there.
 You've got to maybe get a magnifying glass to them.
 Don't put a magnifying glass on anything.
 It's the basic rule of food.
 It's just that you're so off-put by whatever you see.
 You're right.
 So the cans ranged from expired cans from 1979 to 2021,
 and they were literally able to plot the health can by can year by year.
 The parasite thing, I just found that really interesting.
 I don't fully understand the science of it,
 but basically the parasite in order to reproduce,
 it needed to be eaten by something.
 That then is eaten.
 So it's eaten by krill.
 The krill is then eaten by salmon.
 The salmon is then eaten by a marine mammal.
 And once it gets to the mammal,
 that's when it can reproduce and put its stuff back out.
 And the cycle starts again.
 So are you saying that these parasites don't survive
 unless they end up in a mammal?
 Yeah, exactly.
 They can't reproduce.
 It's like the old woman who swallows a fly,
 but at the end, a giant fly bursts out of the horse.
 It's sort of that disgusting.
 I wouldn't make such an appealing children's book, but yeah.
 Canned din food.
 We have briefly mentioned Nicholas Appere,
 who discovered it.
 There was a big competition in France
 to find a way of preserving food
 so that Napoleon could basically feed his armies overseas
 and at long distances.
 And it took 15 years and he won it.
 What we didn't say, I love this.
 He originally used ceramic container sealed with cork,
 but he's basically the father of canned food.
 The process was called, he was called Nicholas Appere.
 It was called Appertising.
 Spooky.
 That is good.
 It's appetising.
 It's good branding.
 Yeah.
 Is it a pun or is that there's no correlation?
 No, it's one work in French.
 Yeah, exactly.
 His name is Appere and it's appetising.
 An accidental pun.
 Isn't that mad?
 Wow.
 Let's type.
 He was so convinced about his work.
 He published a book about it in 1810.
 He was so confident about it.
 He attached a small note to every copy with his address on it
 so you could turn up at his house.
 That's a great idea.
 Andy, have you considered that for your novel
 for anyone who doesn't like it?
 Yeah, absolutely.
 I will do anything.
 But his thing didn't really work that well, did it?
 Oh, it did look.
 No, all the jars exploded.
 Some of the jars, come on.
 They didn't well explode.
 Yeah, no.
 What happens is you heat up the food
 so that it kills all the bacteria and stuff.
 But if you don't do it well enough,
 the bacteria will create gases
 and the gases will get more and more and more
 and eventually bang.
 Right.
 Quite exciting opening the pantry, isn't it, every day?
 You had to wear face masks.
 I quite like that the original tins were champagne bottles.
 Because the first thing that he can stuff in
 was empty champagne bottles.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And there were champagne bottles corked with cheese.
 What a disgusting image of the cork pops.
 It's just this foaming cheese.
 Are you joking?
 Like, it's cheese and wine together at last.
 Yeah.
 Only a French inventor would have come up
 with the empty champagne bottles of the cheese.
 How the hell do you shove a whole duck into a champagne bottle?
 Well, I'm delighted that you've asked.
 He found this a bit of a problem at first.
 And he found, surprisingly enough,
 they weren't wide enough to fit a lot of foods in them.
 But he doctored them so that they cut off the top
 so that it widened the neck.
 And then, yeah, stuffed it with cheese and lime
 wrapped in cloth to cork it.
 I assume it's lime as in the stone.
 Quick lime.
 Yeah, quick lime as opposed to--
 Not to squeeze of lime, just to squeeze.
 But then it was a guy called Philip de Gérard
 who came up with the tin can,
 which is closer to what we have today.
 He was also French,
 but he actually sold it to the British.
 He gave the patent to a guy called Peter Durand.
 And Peter Durand--
 Who also sounds French, do you?
 Yes, he does.
 Yeah, but he was Durand.
 Yeah.
 Durand.
 There you go.
 And basically became part of the British army,
 then started using the tins.
 And actually, at the Battle of Waterloo,
 the British army had loads of these French tins,
 which must have seemed a bit off to the French.
 It's so weird that he was the front man, Peter Durand,
 because he was completely the front man.
 He did not come up with the idea.
 And it was also that Gérard could get his thing through.
 One reason, because the English didn't trust the French.
 So if a Frenchman came over with these tins of food
 and said, "Hey, everyone, buy these,"
 no one would believe him because he was French.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So he needed someone with a French-sounding name.
 But then Durand sold the patent after a couple of years
 to a man who I think we've mentioned it once before,
 Brian Duncan.
 That is a solid English name, isn't it?
 Brian Duncan.
 You don't get more English than that.
 God, I've had a throwback to like 10 years
 of you constantly going, "Donk, donk, donk, donk."
 What was that?
 Well, that was just an old music style donk.
 Yeah, donk.
 Do you not remember that?
 James had always mentioned that.
 It's honestly like 10 years ago.
 It was like a northern music style where it was like dance
 music, but it would be like, "Donk, donk, donk, donk,
 put a donk on it."
 You take a normal tune and you put a donk on it.
 It's like a remix.
 But I once got Stephen Fry to say,
 "Put a donk on it on QI as part of a bet."
 That's it.
 Yeah.
 Did he also invent the music, Brian Duncan,
 or was he just the front man for that?
 Duncan invented the donk, and he made it big on that.
 No, so he was an amazing engineer.
 It's from Northumbria.
 He was a metalworker.
 He had a paper-making machine business.
 He patented the first steel pen,
 and then he starts making corned beef in his preservatory.
 He's just a legend this guy.
 And then in 1813, he presented his beef to the Duke of Kent,
 not a euphemism.
 He got a letter back from Four Royals saying the Queen herself
 had tasted and enjoyed his canned beef again,
 and he got the patent.
 And he's so popular.
 He was so popular.
 There is a cove in Chile, which is called Catela Donkin,
 because the crew had loved their Donkin-tinned meat so much.
 We already have Donkin statues now,
 and maybe there are some in Northumbria,
 but I've never-- like, he should be a national hero.
 And he's completely forgotten.
 There was an amazing BBC article.
 It was really, really a long one about his life and canned food,
 but Donkin is a huge part of it.
 He's buried in Nunhead Cemetery, which is in South London,
 and his name is a footnote beneath three other guys
 all called Brian Duncan, who--
 Who are related to him?
 Who are related to him?
 He's put all the random Donkins in one place.
 It's a mass Donkin grave, wasn't it?
 It was called Donkin Donkins.
 There's one angry guy trying to kill Brian Duncan,
 got it wrong three times, finally got it right.
 I know.
 He did do lots of other stuff, didn't he?
 He worked with Brunel, Brunel's son, on the Thames Tunnel.
 He worked on Charles Babbage's computer.
 He was multi-talented.
 And as John Nutting of the Cannes--
 It's just a great name.
 John Nutting, editor of the Cannes Maker magazine.
 Never go to the cinema alone with John Nutting.
 Wait, why not?
 It's euphemism for masturbating.
 Right, I just thought it was headbutting someone.
 So I think that could have led to all sorts of confusion
 in my life.
 Anyway, he's editor of the Cannes Maker magazine.
 Either way, we'll get you kicked out of a weather spoon
 for the Friday night.
 The double nutting, that's why you're getting arrested.
 He's just a big fan of Duncan, Duncan and Nutting.
 He said, lamented that he's forgotten by the wider world,
 which I always think when people say,
 "Can we believe he's lost to history?"
 I can believe it.
 I agree he's done an important thing.
 He's come up with sort of tin canning
 or like commercialized the process.
 What do you expect for that to be a household name?
 200 years later?
 No, no, no.
 I mean, it's been sad truth.
 Well, anyway, nice to dust off the donk.
 There's a really old fact on QI
 that it took 50 years after the invention of the Cannes
 to invent the Cannes.
 Oh yeah, oh yeah.
 I'm sure we've said that before on this show as well.
 I didn't realize that there are actually
 really good reasons for that.
 Firstly, the first process,
 there were only six Cannes made an hour.
 So, you know, there wasn't the mass market.
 If you invent a tin opener,
 they're going to open them quicker than you can make them.
 Exactly.
 It's not worth it.
 And secondly, they were made of wrought iron
 and lined with tin.
 They were thick.
 No modern Cannes opener would have possibly
 been able to crack into this.
 What was the method back then to get into them?
 Just chisel, hammer and chisel.
 I mean, very few, in my experience,
 very few modern Cannes openers can open modern Cannes.
 So, modern ones are steel and they're incredibly thin.
 But the original ones were just so thick.
 I love this.
 In 1860s America, shop grocery clerks
 would open your cans for you to take home.
 Yeah.
 They would open it in the shop.
 You would have your cans open for you.
 That's quite nice.
 Actually, I quite like that with jars.
 Like a jar of pickles, just go to the person
 who's scattered in the street.
 Well, you wouldn't mind losing in the bar, would you say?
 Slowly walking back along the high street.
 Imagine you're in the queue.
 Like, there's always so many different reasons
 that it's going to take ages at the counter
 when someone's in front of you
 and you just see the person who's scanning all the stuff
 heads off to get a chisel and a hammer.
 And you're like, oh, shit, cashier off the cashier.
 Jimmy with the big wrists is trying to open your cans for you.
 Jimmy big wrists.
 Jimmy nutting.
 I found out about an invention in canopening
 that I didn't know about, and it was almost 100 years ago.
 Wow.
 So just before you were born.
 So she was before I was born.
 So the electric canopener.
 Did you guys know this was a thing?
 Was it my room?
 I own one.
 Why have I been struggling away
 with these coffee plastic things?
 This is no exaggeration.
 My electric can opener is probably the best thing
 I've ever bought.
 Wow.
 I think it's a genius thing.
 You just put it on, you press a button,
 and then it opens the can.
 That's so good.
 Invented in 1931.
 Why didn't they all have them by 1932?
 Why don't I have one today?
 I mean, it sounds like they are readily available to buy.
 They are.
 You could just go to a shop and buy them.
 Well, we don't all have James's secret sources.
 You guys heard it here first.
 I've actually never heard one.
 And it does sound like a...
 I mean, James has given it at the hard sale.
 Genuinely, I would say it is one of my favorite items
 in my entire house.
 Wow.
 Including his wife and child.
 The only thing that obviously puts them out of business
 a little bit at the moment is those ring pull tins
 that you get, like a lot of them are ring pull.
 So I will deliberately buy tins
 that don't have the ring pull on,
 so I can use my tin opener.
 In the aftertimes, once the food's run out
 and everyone has used up all the ring pull cans,
 you're going to be the king.
 Exactly, until the batteries run out.
 Oh, yeah, then your stuff.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 A glorious two and a half weeks.
 I will be the king of the world.
 Does it have a manual setting?
 Like, can you do it if the batteries run out?
 Yeah, if the batteries run out, you're knackered.
 Wow.
 Um, yeah.
 You should just pull all the rings off your cans
 when you buy them.
 Yeah, I do ask the person in the shop to do that for me.
 Funny.
 Yeah, electric can open it.
 Is it big?
 Does it have to sit on the counter?
 Or is it not?
 No, it's this big.
 If it was solar-
 It's a bit chunky.
 If it was solar-powered, you could have permanent-
 Yeah, it's not.
 Yeah, it's not, I'm not, I'm afraid.
 It's probably not very good for the environment.
 But I find them so useful.
 Yeah, that is good.
 I think that's not a big cost for the environment, frankly.
 I've got, but I've got solar on my roof.
 So if you come round,
 we could form a power couple in the aftertimes.
 The original power couple, the opposite of the original.
 The post-apocalyptic power couple.
 He can harness the sun.
 He can open your tins.
 Right, you're sort of giving yourself the main part in that, aren't you?
 And Dan and Anna will find some jobs for you, you know?
 I'm good, thanks.
 Cansardines.
 This is a nice thing.
 I didn't know this.
 They have their own kind of connoisseurs
 and vintage years.
 No.
 Oh, wow.
 If you buy an expensive can of sardines,
 you might prefer to get a 2004 vintage
 compared to a 2008 vintage.
 That's incredible, right?
 Are there people at the restaurant who send them back?
 So this is a 1993.
 Ask specifically for the '97.
 This is corks.
 This is tinned.
 It's absolutely amazing.
 So there are like companies like,
 who I'd never heard of,
 like Rodel and Connoitabla in France.
 And they sell these sardines.
 And the thing is, apparently sardines get better
 the longer they're in the can,
 up to a certain number of years.
 But what happens is the flesh becomes much smoother
 and more tender and the bones eventually kind of disappear,
 the tiny bones that you get in your sardines.
 Eventually it just becomes a mush of sardine.
 And that's the absolute best time to buy them.
 And you get people who just buy them
 and then just keep them for 10 years
 until they're exactly the right moment
 and then they'll eat the sardines.
 Again, that'll be funny for the prepping.
 Don't have that.
 Exactly when the nuclear war happened.
 Yeah, exactly.
 We need to keep that another seven years.
 And apparently you have to flip the tins every six months.
 Like a mattress.
 Like a mattress.
 Just, I don't know,
 I think it's so that the oil or whatever
 gets nicely distributed and doesn't settle.
 This is really interesting, James,
 because my mum went to Portugal last year
 and she brought back tinned,
 because Portugal, they're obsessed with canned fish, aren't they?
 And they have these really beautiful tins.
 And she brought back cans for each of her children,
 of which I am one,
 with our year of birth written on them.
 Really?
 And mine just said 1986.
 And I just thought that's a nice design
 and cracked into it and had it on toast.
 But I suspect that was actually a 1986 vintage.
 Did it taste better than any other sardines you'd ever eaten?
 It was sort of full of crawling maggots.
 But aside from that, it was actually delicious, yeah.
 Did you just, as we know, your mum would go,
 "Oh, what?
 "Crawling maggots?
 "We used to eat those every single week."
 Exactly, it's a delicacy.
 Also, did you just slip in your birth year
 to prove that you're not 100 years old?
 God damn it, cut that out, edit it out.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that German writer
 Christoph Friedrich Nicolai treated his visions of ghosts
 by applying leeches to his anus.
 Really built that fight, doesn't it?
 Did it work?
 Yeah.
 How's it worked?
 Okay, come on.
 Explain yourself.
 So, he had previously suffered from something
 that he called a violent giddiness.
 And he was treated by leeches.
 And he was kept having these treatments.
 And then one time he missed his treatment,
 and he started seeing what he thought was ghosts.
 He said, "I observed at a distance of 10 paces
 "the figure of a deceased person.
 "I asked my wife whether she saw it.
 "She saw nothing, but being much alarmed
 "sent for the physician."
 Okay, and so then what he did was, he decided,
 he was a bit of a skeptic, a bit of a scientist,
 so he decided he would not take any more leeches for a while,
 put up with the ghosts, and then after a while,
 he would try the leeches and see if it got rid of the ghosts.
 And sure enough, a bit later he presented
 is what he called his memoir on the appearance of spectres
 or phantoms occasioned by disease
 to the Berlin Academy of Sciences.
 And he said that he applied the leeches to the anus,
 and they went away, the ghosts.
 And he concluded that the ghosts originated
 in my internal consciousness alone,
 a consciousness that was disordered.
 So, he was kind of disproving the ghosts existed
 by saying there was a physical treatment for these ghosts,
 and that means there's no such thing as a ghost,
 it was all in my head.
 Yeah.
 And was there a reason he had to apply it to his anus?
 Why his anus?
 I think it was an easy way to get up blood.
 It's easy access, isn't it?
 It is, yeah.
 It's sort of easy access.
 I think your hand is even easier access.
 No, a leech is better than your hand,
 for getting blood out of your anus.
 I believe that there was like a relatively common place
 to put leeches back in the day.
 Well, King George III used to put them on his temples
 when he was suffering from his bouts of depression and so on.
 So, when was this guy?
 When was this paper?
 Sorry, I should say who Christoph Friedrich Nicolai was.
 So, this problem that he had was in 1799.
 He was German, he was around at the same time
 as lots of other German writers that you would know,
 such as Goethe, and in fact he had a...
 You've listed all the German writers I would know.
 I might come to some more.
 So, he had a big argument with Goethe, actually.
 So, Goethe wrote a book called The Sorrows of Jungwurther,
 which we have mentioned before,
 which was about a depressed young man,
 and actually a lot of people copied this young man
 and dressed like him and committed suicide and so on.
 So, it was like a real massive, massive deal in Germany.
 And Nicolai wrote The Joys of Jungwurther,
 which was kind of a slam on the sorrows of Jungwurther.
 And then Goethe, in response, composed a poem
 where Nicolai stood next to Wurther's grave and defecates on it.
 And he also put him in Faust.
 Not one of his most famous works, was it?
 Faust is one of his...
 It sure is, yeah, there's very little defecating in Faust, is there?
 There isn't, but there is a character called the Proctofantasmist,
 who was actually Nicolai in disguise who put leeches on his bum.
 And in Faust, Goethe says he is about to sit down in a puddle.
 That's the way his soul acts.
 And when leeches feast on his rump,
 he is cured of ghosts and ghouls.
 Wow.
 I mean, it must have been a big deal at the time.
 He's made it into that.
 That's not the only work of fiction that he's made it into.
 He also was in a story called Mrs. Zant and the Ghost,
 which was written by friend of the podcast, Wilkie Collins.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And so, and in reference to the hallucinations and so on.
 So, it must have been the talk of the town.
 Yeah, ETA Hoffman wrote about him.
 Schlegel wrote about him.
 Not Schlegel.
 Schlegel, you know Schlegel.
 I've heard the name.
 You know him from the philosopher's song.
 That's literally what I was about to say.
 I was saying Monty Python's.
 Yeah, he's just as drunk as Schlegel.
 But yeah, Schlegel was a linguist,
 basically, who's a philosopher as well and stuff.
 ETA Hoffman wrote the Nutcracker, I think.
 Oh, wow.
 That's big news.
 So, you know, they are big names who were,
 as well as writing all these big things,
 also writing about this guy's rectum.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And Tchaikovsky wrote the music to the Nutcracker.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But he wrote the story.
 Well, Schlegel actually wrote,
 in response to the Nutcracker,
 he wrote The Can Opener,
 which is a very beautiful...
 So, it was huge leeches for thousands of years, wasn't it?
 You hear about old treatments that come and go,
 but leeches just came about 2,500 years ago
 and then stuck around until the 19th century,
 when finally they went out of fashion,
 because it was thought to be unscientific,
 and then came back into fashion.
 But the way you treat people with leeches is,
 they, you attach them to someone and they make you bleed.
 Their saliva has an anticoagulant in it,
 and they also put a chemical into you
 that widens up your blood vessels,
 and they put an anesthetic into you.
 They're great surgeons.
 I think I can drink about a thumb full of,
 or a thumb's size of blood, you know, from an area.
 Yeah, they can drink five times more than their own body size,
 I think, which is a lot.
 But you don't normally leech to death,
 unless the doctors have put dozens of leeches on you,
 which is pretty rare.
 You're definitely not going to leech to death.
 No, it'll just be like an annoying little pinprick
 in your finger for a day.
 I've sometimes had to like a blood sample
 from my fingers at home,
 and you get these little sort of pinprick things, don't you?
 Yeah.
 And I just can't get them to work.
 Really?
 Yeah, last time I had to do it, they gave me two,
 and I couldn't get it to work,
 and so I had to go and buy some more.
 But you could only buy them from the pharmacist
 in boxes of 500.
 So I now have about 495 of these at home,
 which I literally, if anyone wants to buy them, I'll think.
 Well, in the aftertimes, those will probably come in handy,
 those will be a way for you to test the faith of the elect.
 You could probably gradually open a can
 with one of those actually, because you're an online battery.
 Have you used 20 of them?
 Have you heard of the Birmingham Leech Centre?
 No.
 This is run by Bridget Croft, who is a nurse,
 and she is the only nurse in the UK
 who is qualified to do private leaching.
 So everyone else is, all the other leaching is on the NHS,
 and it's to repair joints and after microsurgery
 and help blood vessels heal.
 She does it privately, and she says,
 in some areas of Eastern Europe,
 it is looked on in the same way as going to a spa.
 What is she using it for, though,
 because it's not for sewing fingers back on?
 No, so that would be on the NHS or whatever.
 This is pain relief, gout, baldness, all sorts of stuff.
 Oh, so is this stuff that doesn't work?
 Because it doesn't work for those things.
 I don't know about baldness.
 Is it just that people see you from a distance
 with all the leeches on your head?
 I think, oh, he's got a full head of hair.
 That's two pays moving around the world, isn't it?
 It works from across a dimly lit bar,
 but up close, the results do fall off.
 I mean, that does sound like old school leech work to me.
 It does, yeah.
 Whereas modern leech work is quite specifically
 for the getting body parts back on, isn't it?
 Leeches, they share something in common with tinned salmon,
 which is then now being used to tell us about the environment.
 So in China, they took 700 terrestrial leeches
 that they found, all the same species,
 and they are going and taking the blood out of them
 and diagnosing what animal it was taken from.
 A question, sorry, that's when I interrupt.
 Terrestrial leech, is that something that's not an alien?
 You have to listen to Dan's other podcast
 to find out about terrestrial leeches.
 And the ones that you won't find in the water of bogs and stuff,
 they're land-based.
 Land-based, that's cool.
 That's all you do?
 That's me guessing.
 Yeah, so some of them feed on deer, for example.
 The story of how they came back into use is a pretty amazing one.
 I actually listened to a podcast on leeches,
 an episode of Sideways, which I love, by the way,
 you should listen to it, Matthew Side.
 And he was talking about this story.
 So in 1985, there's a four-year-old called Guy Condelli,
 whose ear is bitten off by his grandparents dog.
 And as the surgeon remembers it,
 the surgeon Joe Upton remembers it,
 the ear arrived in the emergency room
 half an hour before the boy.
 So I don't know what kind of thing happened there.
 I said, we're going to reattach you to the boy.
 So they've got this here.
 They've got this boy.
 And they can repair the arteries fine.
 This is where leeches come in so useful.
 It's for vein repair.
 Because as Joe Upton described it,
 to try and sew veins back on,
 imagine sewing wet toilet paper together.
 They're so floppy, they just keep flopping,
 and they kept on reattaching the ear,
 and it kept on going purple and black as it filled with blood,
 because the veins couldn't carry it away.
 Old Upton, he'd read about leeches as a treatment.
 And he tracked down the Welsh biopharma place
 where they bred them for use in pharmaceuticals,
 so they hadn't been used actually the way they are now.
 And he got some scent to him.
 And this is a completely new idea.
 He's just thought, you know what,
 let's attach a leech to this guy's ear and see if it works.
 That's amazing.
 So amazing.
 And he just about gets the leeches out in time
 and says literally as soon as he puts them on this boy's ear,
 the ear goes from black to a lovely pink ear colour,
 as the leech basically repairs the veins,
 or it allows the blood to flow through the veins.
 It widens the veins.
 It means that the blood can flow freely,
 which gives them chance to repair themselves.
 The body's very good at repairing itself.
 It just needed a rest.
 The ear just needed a rest.
 So apparently now these days,
 if you have finger or ear or penis surgery,
 what they'll do is for the 10 days afterwards,
 you keep getting a leech just put onto the place
 that needs repairing.
 So over the 10 days, that's how they fix it.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's just incredible.
 Yeah, they are.
 They're amazing.
 Have you heard of the B-dale leech house?
 This is in North Yorkshire.
 I know, B-dale.
 Yeah.
 So Yorkshire, and it's a little building,
 but it looks like a miniature fortress
 because it's got crenellations on the top,
 or castellations, you know.
 So it looks like a castle.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I love that you just corrected crenellations to castellations,
 and I think people appreciate that.
 It's just absolutely just...
 Because people will have been listening to it and gone,
 "Oh, I don't know what a crenellation is."
 And then you started to repeat yourself.
 They'll have gone, "Oh, thank God."
 He's repeating himself and telling me what it is.
 And then you said an even more skill word.
 Like these bits.
 I've just drawn them from the back there.
 Yeah, these kind of things.
 Look at all that more crenellation is.
 I thought that was a crenellation,
 not a castellation in that.
 That's what I thought as well.
 I'm not sure it's the form,
 but it's definitely the latter.
 I don't know.
 So I think we've got distracted from the fact
 this is a house built for leeches.
 So they would be kept in there
 because to collect leeches for the market,
 you collect them from the wild,
 you collect them from rivers,
 and from bogs and swamps,
 and you normally just walk through barefoot,
 and you come out and you've got a load of leeches on you,
 and that's the leech collector's job.
 And then you take them to the leech house
 and drop them off there.
 So they'd be kept alive,
 and then there's a sort of staging post for them.
 And this is the last leech house in the UK,
 and it's still there,
 and it's got a stream diverted to run through it.
 It's on the banks of a little beck.
 It doesn't still house leeches, does it?
 It doesn't still house leeches,
 but it had a fire to keep them warm in winter,
 and it had...
 There were special containers of moist turf and moss
 for the leeches to live in.
 Oh, here we go.
 How'd I find this bag?
 She went search.
 It's amazing how Andy searches on Google for moss leeches,
 and Dan searches for extraterrestrial leeches,
 and he goes, "Did you mean terrestrial leeches?"
 Ah, I didn't, but okay, yes, what is it?
 Okay, it is time for a final fact of the show,
 and that is Andy.
 My fact is that in some American states and cities
 in the late 80s,
 children could be sent to prison for six months
 for the crime of owning a pager.
 What's a pager, Granddad?
 I don't know, Anna, you're 100 years old.
 So, this is from a great...
 A swimmer newsletter called "Pessimists Archive"
 by Louis Anslow.
 It's a brilliant article,
 and it was all about how there was this panic about pagers,
 which are electronic devices.
 Can you tell us a bit more about them?
 Yeah, you can do very, very primitive texting
 on advanced models.
 In the early ones, you just got a beep,
 and you knew that you had to do something
 in response to the beep.
 So, like a doctor might have them,
 it would beep, and they're like,
 "I have to go to the hospital."
 Exactly, that.
 But then later, they would be able to send you
 like a couple of words or numbers or something.
 You wouldn't be able to send a message back.
 It's purely receiving.
 To send the message, someone had to pick up a phone,
 call a number,
 and kind of direct your pager to be beeped.
 Exactly, yeah, yeah.
 So, there were all these headlines in the '80s
 about these powering the drug trade.
 Maybe youths who own pagers are getting paged,
 and they're going to pick up the drugs or whatever.
 And they probably were useful for drug dealers, to be honest.
 Yeah, exactly.
 But it probably wasn't most pagers in schools
 being used to pick up cocaine.
 I think what it was is that most drug dealers
 did use pagers,
 but not most pagers were used by drug dealers.
 Exactly that, it's exactly that.
 That wasn't necessarily what the right-wing press thought.
 No.
 And so, New Jersey banned them for under 18s
 on the pain of six months in Choke,
 which is such a long time for owning a pager.
 Michigan did the same,
 and thousands of young people were arrested and suspended
 and handcuffed and things.
 I couldn't find anyone who was sent to prison for that.
 But in one year alone,
 there were a thousand arrests in Chicago schools
 solely for owning pagers, arrests.
 Because your fact, it kind of reads like one of those,
 like, there's a law in Mississippi
 that you can't let your horse open your can.
 You're saying, "You're flying over New Jersey,
 everyone put your pagers away."
 But then, as you say, 700 school kids were arrested in 1994.
 And weird kids, because if they're not dealing drugs,
 which as we say, some of them were,
 but if they're not, they're just losers.
 Because I'm going to associate owning a pager
 with, like, nerdy businessmen.
 What I associated with actually is Ross and Friends,
 who famously has one in series one.
 Oh, does he?
 And so, what kind of kid owns a pager?
 In the 80s, they were so cool.
 They were so cool.
 Oh, were they cool in the 80s?
 Because drug dealers use them, right?
 And because your parents hated them,
 and because politicians hated them,
 to have one was the ultimate status symbol.
 James is speaking, as if.
 I was alive.
 You were desperate for a pager.
 Yeah, this is in America.
 It wasn't in the UK as far as I could remember/read.
 But basically, the reason they were good
 for drug dealers is before you had them,
 if you wanted to get in contact with someone
 to buy your drugs, you had to give them
 your landline number.
 And now you're giving them,
 effectively, a mobile number,
 so the cops wouldn't know where you are.
 But because they became associated with the bad guy,
 kids were wearing them round their necks,
 as like a status symbol.
 Wow.
 And they were so cool,
 there was a market for fake pagers.
 So you could buy a cheaper pager
 that didn't do anything, didn't send,
 or anything like that,
 but you would just wear it around your neck
 and say, "Look, I've got a pager."
 When it wasn't real.
 Would you occasionally have to say "beep"
 to make people think you're getting a mouse, my dealer?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But I read an article that was written
 in 1977 about pagers,
 just talking about how awesome they were.
 They would say that if you were in a queue
 for a restaurant,
 and the Matredease saw a pager on your belt,
 you would be able to go up the line.
 There's stories of parties
 where the hostess of a party,
 and this was in Washington,
 became nervous that she hadn't invited
 the best people in her social group there,
 because she couldn't hear the beep of pagers
 at her party.
 "These pagers are fakes!"
 Well, what then became even cooler
 than the beeping pager was the wiggler,
 and the wiggler was the one that doesn't beep out loud,
 but like a phone on silent vibrates.
 So she thought, "Okay, maybe if that's not beeping,
 it's because I've got the extra cool new kicks here."
 "I've got the wiggles."
 "I've got the wigglers."
 Yeah.
 It is interesting how transformative that is.
 Just what you said, James,
 about it going from a landline to a mobile,
 people communicating in new ways
 that cannot be tracked as easily.
 Yeah, maybe a huge difference.
 And then I read one article in 1993
 that was talking about the drug business using pagers.
 They interviewed a cop, and they said,
 "Now we're finding dealers with flip phones.
 Maybe that will be the next rage."
 Maybe.
 Wow.
 Who's to say?
 Which we probably should say.
 Pagers are still in use.
 Well, they were until a couple of years ago.
 No, well, there's this old factoid about,
 the NHS is the only place where you still get
 faxes and pagers used.
 They were slated to be phased out in 2021, but--
 Matt Hancock said that was going to happen, didn't they?
 Matt Hancock.
 And if you're outside the UK
 and you don't know who Matt Hancock is,
 good for you.
 And still, I think about 80,000 being used in the NHS
 as of last summer.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Because they still kind of work.
 Yeah, really.
 And if you're in a hospital
 and there's no reception in a room, it's useful.
 And it is, obviously, it's used for the doctors
 who are in rooms where there's incredibly thick walls
 because of x-ray and all sorts of...
 All that stuff is what they're basically fighting
 further than a mobile signal.
 So it's--
 Add a lot of NHS stuff, deal a crack.
 But we're also using pagers in ways
 that we don't realize.
 All of us.
 All of us have had--
 What's that?
 All of us have had, probably, our hands on a pager
 and not known it in the last few months.
 This thing got my bottom up.
 Keeps on floating.
 Anytime you go to a restaurant
 and you order up at the bar
 and they give you an item
 that says when this buzzes, come back.
 That's when your meal is ready.
 That's a pager.
 No.
 Yeah, that's pager technology.
 Just using a different form.
 I have one of those that I hang around my neck.
 And you get a beep on it
 and it lets you know that your cans have been opened.
 Do you know what they stopped doing?
 Because they've been around for decades, actually.
 I think they've stopped doing this.
 Although I've never tested it,
 they obviously have a range that you can't go out of.
 And they used to shout at you.
 So pagers often used to speak instead of beeping.
 And if you went more than 100 feet away, they'd shout,
 "You are out of range."
 So it was just so embarrassing
 if you go and try and sneak into the shop next door.
 Actually, just a normal one.
 I can't say this is true of all of them,
 but they have a range of about half a mile.
 So that's quite long.
 That means in most restaurants,
 you could just go to the pub.
 Near as pub, in London anyway.
 That's around the middle of nowhere.
 So sometimes pagers would have a thing
 in the '70s, '80s, '90s,
 where if you wanted to contact someone on their pager,
 you would call a number
 and you'd get through to a switchboard.
 And you'd say, "Can you contact this pager?"
 And it's from this number.
 And then the person would send a message to the pager,
 and they'd have a series of messages that they could send.
 So if you were the wife calling,
 the message would be programmed to come up,
 "Call your wife."
 Or if you were work calling, it would be,
 "Go to the office."
 Or if you're a doctor, it would be,
 "Go to the hospital."
 Which is also your work.
 Yeah, so you don't need those two messages
 if you are a doctor.
 But if you're not, you know, useful.
 Anyway, it was reading a really good article
 in The New York Times from 1976.
 Which is talking about the pros and cons of pagers.
 And it does say,
 "The problem is almost every beeper wearer
 has a story to tell of the beeper going off
 at the wrong time."
 And this is an issue with them.
 So for instance, a salesman we spoke to
 said that one evening,
 he was having a very pleasant conversation
 with a young woman.
 And just when he felt that he was making an impression
 and he was getting somewhere,
 his pager blared out,
 "Call your wife."
 Honestly, what a nightmare.
 The pager is definitely the bad guy in this article.
 And they did actually speak to an answering service
 in New Orleans,
 one of the interchange services,
 which said,
 "We have 1,400 pagers in our system
 and not a single one when the wife calls
 asks them to say the message, "Call your wife."
 They all said,
 "I'd like the message, "Call your answering service."
 Please, to come up."
 Or just, you know, go to work.
 Every man thinks there might be a situation
 where I don't want the message to come up,
 "Call your wife."
 That is outrageous.
 That is men.
 Answering service.
 It's such an awful euphemism for life.
 So I think of myself.
 Have you guys heard of gaydar?
 Heard of it?
 Yes, I have.
 The idea that gay people can tell whether other people are gay.
 Yeah, but in 1999,
 someone invented a device
 which has been described as a kind of electronic pager,
 which was called gaydar.
 And what it would be was for guys
 who were walking through big parks
 and if they saw someone that looked good looking
 and they didn't want to embarrass themselves
 by hitting on them,
 they would have their gaydar go off
 because they had a gaydar as well.
 What?
 Yeah, yeah.
 So it was an electronic device that you kept on you.
 Well, what if I'm with my wife?
 What's that coming from your ass, Andy?
 Yeah, so they invented it.
 And this guy called Graham Lees was one of the inventors.
 And so he went to test it out in a park
 and he walked through the park.
 And unfortunately, they discovered quite quickly...
 No one else had one.
 Buzzing around the park, crying.
 Well, I assume there must have been someone else
 that was in the park.
 And he didn't know they were testing it.
 Unfortunately, they hadn't fully tested out the frequencies
 and it was at the wrong frequency.
 So instead of spotting someone else
 who was wearing one of the gaydars,
 he was suddenly chased by a horny badger.
 There was squirrels.
 There were squirrels that were coming after him.
 What?
 He then, as he was running away from them...
 Sorry, no badger.
 Has ever hornily chased a person with a vibrating tail?
 We all have vibrating phones now.
 We've all been chased by badgers every day.
 The frequency is a specific frequency.
 There's a love note for badgers, is what you'll say.
 Exactly.
 He set off car alarms as he walked by
 because the frequency just met a certain tone
 that made them erupt.
 It's the one special frequency
 that works for all cars and all badgers.
 Yeah, badgers, squirrels and car alarms.
 No, you all can come back to your car.
 There's a badger humping it.
 No arms going up.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on various social media accounts.
 I'm on @tribaland on Instagram, James.
 My Instagram is @notesthingsjamesharkin.
 Andy.
 I'm on Twitter @andruhunterm.
 Yep, and you can get to all of us as a group
 by going to where, Anna?
 You can get on Instagram @andruhunterm.
 I'm on Twitter @andruhunterm.
 I'm on Twitter @andruhunterm.
 You can get us on @notesthingsafish on Instagram
 or @notesthing on Twitter,
 or you can email podcast@qi.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our website,
 notesthingsafish.com.
 You'll find a link there to Club Fish,
 our private members club,
 where we put up lots of bonus material.
 You can also find all of our previous episodes,
 bits of merchandise as well.
 Or you can just come back here next week
 for another episode.
 That's where we'll be.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
