 How do you know what I don't want like I said, I don't like that, I don't like that, I don't like that, I don't like that.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I'm sitting here with Anna Chazinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the Emperor of the Incas only ever wore an outfit once after which it was immediately burned.
 I'd be there. Why are you wearing the same jumper as you love the last three weeks? No, I've worn 21 different jumper so the last three weeks.
 So this was the he was called Sapper Inca and he wore special clothes that no one else was allowed to wear.
 Is there a theory as to why he couldn't wear them twice, would we not know?
 We don't really know. I think it's just because he's so important and it's the ostentatious show of wealth, isn't it?
 And his clothes were seen as divine because he was seen as divine.
 It is a bit like the Duchess of Cambridge.
 Well, if you reuse is an outfit, the newspaper say, "Oh, she's recycling her clothes as opposed to only wearing everything once."
 Do you think they burn it after she uses them?
 Maybe. Maybe the ones you really like, she squirrels away so she can wear them again.
 I don't know. How did they record their information in the Incas?
 Yeah, so that is interesting. Unlike a lot of the Mesoamericans who we don't really have any information apart from ceramics or cloths or textiles,
 we have a bit about the Incas because they did talk to the Spanish.
 They were the last Mesoamericans that were there before the Spanish wiped them out.
 I didn't quite wipe them out, but basically a lot of them died.
 So we know what they did by what the Spanish said.
 Although it should be said that the Spanish did lie a lot.
 Exactly. So maybe this is not true.
 So when the Spanish came actually, it was an extraordinary thing that happened, first of all.
 So it was 1532 and it was the conquistador Francisco Pizarro and he turned up and it was a surprise attack that he launched on the Inca.
 It sounds a bit like a surprise party when you apply that.
 It's a surprise. Have some smallpox. Have loads of murder.
 But according to the Spanish records, they killed 7,000 Inca without themselves having one single fatality.
 Which you can't believe would actually be true, but that is what was recorded.
 But the amazing thing about this is that we can study exactly what happened and the influence of the Spanish by looking at this one glacier.
 We've talked about this kind of thing before, but there's this glacier, which is 150 miles away from where Pizarro landed.
 It's called the Kel Kaya ice cap. And it's the largest ice cap in the tropics.
 And what it does is, because South America has wet and dry seasons, then a layer of dust forms every year in the dry season.
 And so we know exactly which year it is by looking down in the ice cap.
 Like tree rings. Exactly. Like tree rings.
 And so they've studied this ice cap to see what the influence of the Spanish was.
 So the Spanish came and they started doing metallurgy. And so it's got lots more kind of metallurgy deposits for its different types of metal deposits in it.
 When the revolutions started, the independence revolution suddenly a lot of mines were decommissioned.
 And so the pollution levels in it go down, which show you that.
 And you can just drill straight through this ice cap. And you've got this year by year calendar.
 Another thing we can look at is Lamapoo. And that will tell us what happened with the Inca's.
 Because basically their culture moved around Mays, which was the main crop, a few other things like potatoes and stuff.
 But Mays is one of the main ones. Mays pollen comes in so you can look at that.
 But at the same time, you can find a lot of mites in the ground, dead mites, which feed on Lama excrement.
 And you can work out by the number of these mites. And the amount of Mays pollen, exactly how big and small the Inca Empire was.
 That was kind of the super fuel the Lama done because you need to farm more intensively.
 And there was a big switch to Mays about 2,700 years ago.
 And the way they found it so cool, because they studied, I didn't know this was a thing.
 They studied what's called mud cores in a lake. So it's like an ice core, but it's made of mud.
 Yeah, and it was also, it's really easy for the Inca's because Lama's defecate communally.
 You know, they have one toilet, not that all Lama's go to, but that, you know, all the Lama's, they live it's a big country parade.
 And so yeah, and that was what made it possible to grow huge Mays fields, because it's much richer.
 They wouldn't have done it without that fertilizer.
 Oh wow. They were very into Lama's, weren't they?
 They relied on them massively.
 Into Lama's into Mays.
 Yeah.
 That's potatoes.
 Not into the wheel, needed the Lama's, because they didn't have wheels.
 Oh. So because they didn't have carts that could be pulled like massive long distances, they instead had this incredible system of chaskeys.
 And probably not how you pronounce it, but who knows how ink has pronounced things.
 And chaskeys, chaskeys were relay runners.
 So they were totally crucial to the whole Inca Empire.
 They were exempt from things like farming and taxation, because they were so important.
 And their whole job was to deliver messages and parcels and equipment through the Empire.
 And so they would run a short space, like they'd run 10 kilometers, and they'd pass a message on to the next person.
 They had to memorize the entire message perfectly, so it was like Chinese whispers.
 They didn't do something.
 They weren't holding a message.
 No.
 Because I was wondering if that's why our Empire wasn't so big, because we can never get a relay team that can get out of it.
 You just keep dropping it.
 So the Inca, obviously, they were taken out, and there are no longer any sappers.
 But there is a descendant of a sapper, Inca, or the Inca Emperor, who is still in power to this day.
 Wow.
 It's a long descendant.
 It's the last Inca Emperor called Hayaoana Cupek.
 His descendant is the current president of Chile.
 Yeah.
 It's a direct descendant.
 His name is Miguel Pinera, and he's actually serving for the second time as president, which is a new rule they've never allowed that before.
 And he's a billionaire.
 So he's still the super rich.
 He could afford to burn his clothes after every time he ordered.
 Wow.
 He's worth £2billion.
 The last Inca sapper was called anyone?
 Ooh.
 Don't know.
 It's also the name of a rapper.
 Ah, Tupac.
 Tupac.
 Correct.
 You're thinking.
 He was called Tupac Amaru, and he was killed by the Spanish, but then there was an insurgency in the 18th century, and another person who wasn't related at all called themselves Tupac.
 He called themselves Tupac after this guy, and then Tupac Shakur, his mother, I think, named him after this insurgency.
 Wow.
 That's cool.
 Very interesting.
 Very cool.
 And the kings, they would go to the coronations of their descendants, so their mummies would be at the coronation.
 Oh, really?
 Because they were really important still.
 They were reminding the new king that he descended from a long line of kings.
 And also, they would stay powerful after they died, because the royal family would visit the mummified kings and ask their advice about stuff.
 And then an oracle sitting next to them would...
 What did you say?
 A bit like Matthew, Carbett, and City.
 Exactly.
 What a show that would have been.
 There's quite a few of the Inca's, because they've got documents of the lines of the names that are associated with those sapper, and quite a few of them are mythical.
 And then suddenly, they just become real.
 People always do that.
 Yeah.
 Which Japanese emperors as well.
 Yeah.
 This is the problem with not writing stuff down, because that's an oracle history, isn't it?
 Or they did have this system of Qipu, which is these rods that had lots of threads with knots tied into them hanging from them, which was some really complex language that we don't understand.
 So, all we know is through oral history, which is always going to be entangled, I suppose, with myth.
 Yeah.
 Do we still not know what those knots mean?
 We're getting close.
 Wow.
 Yeah, that's so cool.
 We're getting close.
 Maybe in our lives.
 Maybe in the next five or ten years, they'll work it out, we think, possibly.
 Yeah.
 That's so cool.
 What are they missing?
 Are they missing like a knot rosetta stone?
 Yes, they are.
 But they found one, which is some record keeping, where it's in Spanish, and also in Qipu, and they think that they might have the names of some emperors now, and they're getting pretty close.
 Very cool.
 Do you know where Matthew Petru is twinned with?
 Well, I've been to Matthew Petru, it's at the top of a massive hill that's really hard to get to.
 So, is it a high gate?
 Okay, nice.
 It is not though.
 It is the Yorkshire village of Hayworth.
 Is it?
 Oh.
 Yep, that's a big deal.
 They had a ceremony in 2005, and they've been with the great inconsistent city of Matthew Petru.
 What is that?
 Do we know anything else about Hayworth?
 Yeah.
 The Bronte's were from there.
 Did they get it?
 Okay.
 Were they explorers?
 They have nothing to do with Matthew Petru.
 I was reading the ceremony.
 I think they just wanted to inspire an interest in sort of Peruvian history in some school children.
 But I have no doubt Matthew Petru has no idea it's been with Hayworth.
 It doesn't have a sign as you enter Matthew Petru, James.
 It says, "Twindwood Hayworth."
 Now you've seen Matthew Petru.
 Is it?
 Sorry.
 The Brontes were from Howarth, but is it not that?
 Oh, is that how you pronounce it?
 Oh, I don't know, actually.
 Oh, is it H-A-W?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, it's probably Howarth.
 I don't know.
 Some of New Yorkshire right in.
 Right in England.
 Everyone from New Yorkshire.
 I don't think they've learned to write.
 Oh, no.
 That's the English.
 Sorry.
 Maybe that's what connects them.
 They are going to write it.
 I don't know how we're doing with Frankenstein.
 I've got a fact about ritual burning.
 Great.
 In 2017, Pakistan's Minister of Tourism, Fida Khan, was so annoyed about his flight being delayed
 that he took his clothes out of his luggage and started setting them on fire.
 It's only going to delay the flight more, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 If you start a fire in the air pool.
 Unless they say, "Oh, my God, there's a fire.
 Everyone get out of here.
 You get on that plane."
 Yeah.
 It's the quickest way out.
 Don't you find it weird that when you see people wearing these amazing
 expensive clothes on the red carpet and they don't own any of them?
 It's actually kind of like all these celebrities are...
 You know when you are struggling financially, of early 20s, you sort of hire stuff and then you have to send it back
 otherwise it accrues interest.
 They're basically those people.
 They're poor early 20s students who are hiring out a dress.
 They're going to top shop and then getting it and then wearing it once and then taking it back.
 No, no, I never wore it.
 I never wore it.
 Do you think the day after the Oscars, there's just a queue with Jennifer Lawrence.
 You've got a Bradley Cooper at your top shop.
 Yeah, go on, man.
 They already strict.
 It has to be within one to two days always.
 I was reading about just while we're in America and the sort of rich elite there.
 Russell Westbrook, who is a basketball player, who you guys won't know.
 But in America, he's one of the biggest names in basketball.
 And he's very famous for his flashy outfits.
 And he is someone who has said, he said this on Ellen DeGeneres' show.
 He never wears the same clothes twice.
 But he says he doesn't waste them.
 He donates them.
 He doesn't burn them.
 He donates them to goodwill charities.
 And as a result, he says when he walks through or he's in a car going through Oklahoma City,
 he just sees everyone wearing his clothes.
 He just sees everyone the same size in Oklahoma City.
 As a basketball player.
 He just got loads of people with clothes like they've been given by their older brothers.
 No one can pick anything up because the sleeves are too long.
 OK, it is time for fact number two and that is Anna.
 I've changed the number of my fact by the way, so don't freak out when I say it.
 My fact this week is that about 70% of my fact this week is that about 70% of parents admit to having a favourite child.
 Yeah, and they do have favourite children.
 I've got a favourite one.
 You've only got one.
 Yeah, it's not mine.
 Which is your favourite?
 I met this awesome kid at the playground.
 When Wellf and I were there, he's called Jess, wicked chef.
 Right, so about 70% of parents were bad as Dan is at parenting and prefer certain kids.
 And this is, I was going through a bunch of kind of studies that have been done over the years.
 Often are into parenting and that seems to be roughly the average.
 So there was a study in 2016 that asked parents and 74% of mothers and 70% of fathers admitted to having a favourite.
 I was in California.
 There was another one 10 years earlier where it was 70% of fathers but 65% of mothers.
 So it seems like mothers have really gone off their kids in the last decade.
 And yeah, this keeps on coming up again and again.
 If it's an in-depth study, they will sort of reluctantly admit that they do have a favourite child.
 And also, studies that look at the behaviour of parents towards their children
 invariably find that they prefer certain childrens in the way they act.
 So I just, I'm texted my mum this morning because I have three brothers and sisters
 and asked if she had a favourite.
 I am.
 And she didn't say, she didn't say the way which suggests to me that she does it, I'm not it.
 I'm not a one and four chance though, that's something.
 Yeah, I'm pretty sure I'm not even her favourite on this podcast.
 Wait, hang on, are you the youngest?
 And the eldest.
 Well, that damages your chances.
 Ah.
 Because there have been studies done finding that half of parents who confessed they had a favourite
 said that it was their last born.
 Right.
 And there's another theory about why it's the last born, which is that
 more than half of parents and grandparents said that the last born child made them laugh more.
 So there was an Australian news website which said,
 "So if you aren't the favourite, you might just not be very funny."
 And that was written by my mum.
 But the good news is, kids are really bad at knowing which one the favourite is.
 So it shouldn't make you feel too bad.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Again, in these studies when they look at who the children think is the favourite and who the
 parents favourite actually is, it's really often different.
 So there was a survey which was, it was only 30 older mothers and they were asked about their adult
 children and 80% of those mothers admitted to having a favourite and 80% of the children said
 their parents definitely had a favourite, but almost all of them got the favourite wrong.
 Wow.
 So maybe parents are overcompensating?
 No, in fact it doesn't really matter if you're the favourite or not.
 Because if you are the favourite, you will be treated better but you won't know it.
 And if you're not the favourite, they'll make up for it by pretending to treat you better.
 So it doesn't matter if they don't really like you.
 Exactly, they're not going to show it.
 How blatant would a parent make it though?
 What the...?
 I think you wouldn't give one child loads of presents or Christmas and the other no presents.
 It's not like Cinderella or Harry Potter or something.
 Does your child cry much, Dan?
 No, not too much.
 Oh really?
 Because a lot of children do have red and according to evolutionary biologist David Hague,
 this might be to stop their parents from procreating and having another baby.
 Which would kind of make sense if you think about it evolutionary, doesn't it?
 Yeah, I read about this.
 This was, they do it at night particularly, right?
 Yeah, the idea of late nurse feeding from the mum so that if you were about to go, "Okay, let's get down."
 Your baby would stop you.
 Yeah, and the idea is that the baby then gets more resources because he doesn't have to share it with brothers and sisters.
 Which means in theory, they should do better in life, which means they should reproduce more and then.
 But it doesn't also breastfeeding act as a contraceptive.
 So if you're exclusively breastfeeding as a woman, you tend not to have periods.
 Is that right?
 Meaning that you can't become pregnant.
 Right.
 So the more the child cries and wants breastfeeding, the less chance there is that another child will be born.
 So it's working double efforts, stopping the actual sex.
 And then even if the actual sex is happening, it's still acting as a human contraceptive problem.
 It's obviously not working, is it?
 So these genius babies are failing.
 During the best they can.
 Maybe in another million years they'll evolve to make chastity belts or something.
 One of you was saying that parents don't tend to just favour one kid with loads of presents.
 But there was one parent who literally did exactly that.
 So do you guys know about Evelyn Waw's dad?
 No, no.
 So Evelyn Waw had an older brother called Alec.
 And his dad absolutely loved Alec and absolutely hated Evelyn Waw.
 So all the way through their life, if Evelyn Waw wanted anything, his dad got it for his brother.
 So Evelyn asked for a bike, his dad bought one for Alec instead.
 Alec wants us for a billionth table.
 And so Evelyn Waw had was a child at the time he played in his nursery.
 And the dad just dumped a billionth table in the room that he was supposed to play in.
 He once said when Alec fathered his first son, then Evelyn Waw's dad said to the son,
 "I've only ever loved three people in my life or only I've only ever had three great loves in my life.
 And my mother, my wife and your father."
 And that's it? For what Evelyn?
 But Evelyn Waw was also mean to his children, wasn't he?
 Yes, he was.
 We've done the banana story before, haven't we?
 Which is that there was lots of rationing in the war.
 And Evelyn Waw had children and there was a special thing where bananas were distributed
 because they had not been easy to come by during the war.
 And so, you know, you would get basically a banana per child.
 And Evelyn Waw sat his three children down in front of him and proceeded to eat all three bananas.
 I think with a knife and a foot he poured cream over them and just sat there eating the banana.
 So, did he just hate them?
 Or...
 Maybe he was teaching them some lesson that we can't quite comprehend at this amount of time.
 It can't be how to eat a banana per child.
 With a knife and fork.
 I have a task question for you guys.
 Yes.
 The company Kellogg's, who's it named after?
 John Kellogg.
 John Kellogg.
 Incorrect.
 John Harvey Kellogg is the guy that we've talked about before.
 He was sort of an inventor.
 He thought everyone had to eat oats and stop masturbating, stuff like that.
 Again, he's only two rules of Kellogg Academy.
 So, he's a famous one, I think, that people know about John Harvey Kellogg.
 But Kellogg's cornflakes and Kellogg's the company was founded, invented and named after his brother.
 So, John Harvey Kellogg had a younger brother called Will.
 And John was this really flamboyant, really outgoing character guy.
 He was masturbating and hating oats.
 They were polar opposites.
 They were opposites, although I don't know about them.
 - That's what I'm saying. - Around the dinner table.
 One of them's got a big bowl of oats.
 (laughing)
 - Not near my Siri.
 (laughing)
 Anyway, we'll get this back on track,
 'cause that's quite a serious rivalry.
 Oh my God.
 Will was opposite of John Harvey, not very flamboyant.
 Like hardly said anything, Super Shy was younger.
 He worked for his older brother for 25 years,
 so at that Sanitarian that he founded Battle Creek Spa,
 where he did like real dogs, body staff.
 John Harvey treated him really badly and made him do
 all the drug work, made him shine his shoes and stuff.
 Never gave him an official job title, hardly paid him anything.
 And eventually, Will turn around and thought,
 I'm the better businessman.
 I'm gonna set up a Kellogg's company,
 invent some cornflakes, and he did it.
 So he set up this cornflake company in 1906,
 and it had a promotional campaign
 where the slogan was, wink at your grocer
 and see what you get.
 (laughing)
 That was a spelling mistake.
 (laughing)
 And he got a bowl of cornflakes.
 (laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Andy.
 - My fact is that Robert Louis Stevenson died
 halfway through making a batch of mayonnaise.
 - It's very sad.
 - It's very sad, 'cause he was young, he was only 44.
 - It is, it's so sad, it just makes me sad.
 The also that batch of mayonnaise, I suppose,
 never got finished, presumably.
 - Oh, that's the real tragedy, yeah.
 (laughing)
 - Also, how long does it take to make mayonnaise?
 - It takes me about two and a half minutes.
 - Well, it was very sudden death.
 (laughing)
 No, I think he was dropping the oil in, drop by drop.
 I might've been a longer process.
 - He did a food processor in those days.
 - I don't think he did, no.
 Especially not in Samoa when he lived, so yeah.
 - Yeah, he's just very quickly saying an early death.
 People when the news got relayed,
 'cause he was in Samoa, back home.
 People were properly devastated.
 Famous authors like Henry James actually flat out denied
 that it was true, he just saw this can't be right.
 And Roger Kipling said he was so upset he couldn't
 write for a month, he was just absolutely broken by it.
 Yeah, so he was a big, big character in his time.
 - Yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - But about this mayonnaise.
 - Yeah.
 - Sorry, what am I?
 (laughing)
 - You are supposed to add the oil slowly.
 - Okay, so yeah.
 - That's what he was doing.
 And he took ill half way through making the mayonnaise
 and then he collapsed and then he died.
 It was very, very sad.
 - He was a sickly being, wasn't he?
 - He was so ill and weak all the way through his life.
 It's amazing, he wrote as much as he did.
 - Yeah.
 - Well, the idea was that some people said
 he wrote quicker than anyone else
 because he knew he'd had these hemorrhages and he'd been sick.
 And so because he knew his life would be short,
 he felt like he had to just get as much out as possible.
 - That's interesting.
 - Wow.
 - Yeah.
 - Just back to mayonnaise.
 (laughing)
 - Down, will you stop going on about mayonnaise?
 - Well, I was just looking into 'cause he was in Samoa
 and he was eating mayonnaise and I thought,
 I wonder if that's, did I eat mayonnaise in Samoa?
 Turns out they love it.
 - Did they?
 - Yeah.
 - I found a Facebook page called Samoan Quotes and Sayings.
 And there's one quote, which is,
 "If you eat everything with mayo,
 you might be a Samoan."
 Hashtag Samoan Habits.
 And yeah, apparently it's a very, very loved sauce there.
 - Really?
 - Anyway, back to him.
 - So when he was in Samoa,
 one thing that Robert Lee Stevenson did,
 which was very sweet, was that he gave his birthday to a child.
 He was born on the 13th of November
 and he bumped into a little girl who was called Annie Eyed,
 a daughter of a friend of his,
 and she was born on Christmas Day.
 And so she said, "I'd never get a proper fuss
 "made of me on Christmas Day."
 So he drew up a proper legal document,
 what, come pseudo legal document,
 in which he said, "I bequeath you my birthday."
 - That's cool.
 - So was she one year older than she thought she was at the end?
 - Oh, I don't know.
 I don't know.
 - She was half a year older, right?
 - Aged herself up.
 - She was born on the 13th of November.
 So it's not too much about her.
 - So just a month.
 - Yeah, you're still in that category
 of birthday present, Christmas present, annoyance.
 - Yeah.
 - So I was reading, he wrote such a sweet letter to her
 and he put it all in legal ease
 'cause he trained to be a lawyer.
 And so it started out saying,
 "I trust this will prove sufficient in law
 "and explain why he was doing."
 He said, "I've attained an age
 "where we never mention our age anymore
 "'cause it's so old.
 "So I have no further use for my birthday."
 But I remember discussing this before in it being in November,
 but at the end of this letter,
 it said his birthday was 19th of June.
 - Ooh.
 - He gave a fake birthday.
 - Was he given her a fake birthday?
 - I guess so, because actually,
 maybe he was thoughtful.
 - Yeah.
 - And he thought, "Well, so that November day
 "it's no good, I'm gonna pretend it's June."
 'Cause I mean, it's all pretend, it's all made up, isn't it?
 - Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 - Birthdays aren't made up.
 - Birthdays are real.
 - This is a legal thing, right?
 - But lots of his interactions were with,
 lots of his significant interactions were with children.
 So supposedly, he only started writing Treasure Island
 when he met a small boy who repeatedly asked him
 why he didn't write something interesting,
 like Robinson Crusoe.
 - Wow.
 - I think he was already an interesting writer.
 I like his stuff, but.
 - Yeah.
 - You don't agree with that little child?
 - No.
 - You think his previous stuff was.
 - That's a fool.
 - I don't know, I think that was,
 I mean, that's what's made him in the end, isn't it?
 That's the main thing that everyone knows him for.
 - It is, but there is one claim
 that he invented the sleeping bag.
 - Oh yeah.
 - Now, so that should be the biggie.
 - That's true.
 - Well, I don't think he did invent the sleeping bag,
 but he commissioned one of the very early sleeping bags
 or invented a prototype version of it.
 'Cause he was traveling solo through the Seven Mountains
 in France with only a donkey.
 And that was research for his book,
 "Travels with a donkey in the Seven."
 - An imaginative title.
 - Yeah.
 (laughing)
 - And the donkey was called Modestine.
 And he was really rude about the donkey.
 He said, oh yeah, the donkey held me up.
 I would have done it faster if it hadn't been for this donkey
 which was carrying all my stuff and my sleeping bag.
 - When Robert Louis Stevenson had a birthday in Samoa,
 he was very popular there.
 They celebrated by consuming 804 pineapples.
 - Sorry, can I interject here?
 - What the fuck was he doing celebrating his birthday
 in Samoa when he was giving it away to a girl?
 (laughing)
 - Excuse me.
 (laughing)
 - Put those pineapples away.
 - That was his 100th birthday.
 So it must've been terrible behavior.
 - 800 pineapples, that's a lot.
 - It's a lot.
 I mean, I don't know how many people
 were enjoying those pineapples.
 There might have been 900 people,
 and 100 people went hungry.
 (laughing)
 - His wife was called Fanny van der Grift Osborne.
 - It was not a great name.
 And one of the early women he fell in love with
 was called Fanny Sitwell.
 - He had a type, didn't he?
 - He had a thing about Fanny's.
 - He loved Fanny's.
 - Their story was quite sweet, actually.
 She was married to this guy in America,
 and he sent her to get their kids educated in Paris,
 and that was where she fell in love
 with Robert Louis Stevenson.
 And so she popped off back to New York,
 got a divorce from this husband of hers,
 and said I fall in love with someone else.
 And then her and Stevenson got married straight away,
 and her ex-husband came to the wedding,
 with his new girlfriend.
 - Good day.
 - Yeah.
 - Wow, that is quite nice.
 - Very mature, I think.
 - Very mature.
 - Just, we've been talking Treasure Island,
 but the other big, big work outside of travels
 with my donkey, (laughing)
 is, of course, Jacqueline Hyde.
 And that's really interesting, Jacqueline Hyde.
 He wrote a first version of the book and hated it.
 Absolutely hated it, so threw it in the fire,
 and burnt it, and then he rewrote the whole book.
 In the space of, I think, a weekend,
 who was, like, 30 hours that he sat,
 and he managed to bring it out.
 He was quite bad at spelling,
 that was noticed in the drafts of that.
 But Jacqueline Hyde, there's a few interesting facts about it.
 The first one is, we're all saying it wrong.
 - It's G-Kill.
 - G-Kill. - G-Kill.
 - Hey, if you were pronouncing it,
 pronouncing it is J-E-E, and then kill.
 - G-Kill. - Yeah.
 - Is that what he said?
 Did he put a pronunciation guard in the bag?
 - He did, he said that. - For the audio,
 but he said that in an interview.
 He said, let the name be pronounced as it is spelled G-Kill,
 not to J-Kill.
 - It's not spelled G-Kill.
 He's a bad spelling, we've already done this.
 - But it sounds quite Scottish, doesn't it?
 Because he was Scottish, you know, G-Kill.
 - G-Kill.
 - And do we know how to pronounce Hyde?
 - He'd, no, I think it's probably Hyde.
 - He did lead quite...
 Rubberlow Stevenson did lead a kind of
 almost Jekyll and Hyde life in some ways.
 So, first of all, he created an alternative character for himself.
 And this is when he was in Edinburgh
 and he loved doing really absurd things for the sake of it.
 And him and his cousin would play pranks on everyone
 and they called them jinx.
 And he created this character called John Libble,
 who sort of haunted Edinburgh in all these different ways.
 And so, for instance, he had hundreds or thousands
 of calling cards for John Libble printed off,
 and he went around Edinburgh handing them around to everyone.
 So you must get in touch with this person.
 - Oh God, that sounds very familiar
 from the Edinburgh Festival.
 (all laughing)
 I'll be in the video rooms at 3 p.m. every day.
 (all laughing)
 - He used to go into hotels or boarding houses
 all over the city and say,
 "As John Libble arrived yet,"
 and they'd say, "No, he hasn't."
 And he said, "Oh, he will."
 (all laughing)
 And he'd go, "What, who's this guy?"
 And he dropped into conversation
 that he was an agent looking for the person
 who was going to inherit the Libble fortune.
 He tried to get an ad in the Scotsman.
 He just created this guy that everyone was talking about.
 - That's really clever.
 - It does sound like a good way to get noticed
 at Edinburgh, doesn't it?
 - Yeah, it's not about it.
 - It's just a month before.
 - Yeah, it's a hotel's.
 - Is Andrew handsome?
 - Do you wanna hear ya?
 - No. - He will be.
 (all laughing)
 (upbeat music)
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show
 and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in the 1960s,
 NASA helped to fund a scientific project
 that aimed to teach dolphins
 to speak the English language so perfectly
 that they would be given a chair at the United Nations
 to speak on behalf of marine mammals.
 - Obviously, they wouldn't fit in a chair.
 You'd have to have some kind of tank set up.
 - That's true, it was a good word.
 - Imagine a dolphin flopping around in a chair.
 - You and think tank.
 (all laughing)
 - So, did it work?
 - It did not work.
 But the premise of it was quite interesting.
 It was a guy called Dr. John Lilly
 and he had the idea along with his wife
 that dolphins were talking through their blowholes
 in a sort of specific noise
 that suggested that perhaps that could be manipulated
 into human language.
 And if they could train these dolphins to talk
 that they would be able to get cross species
 communication going.
 Now the reason NASA got involved
 is because NASA thought, let's see where this goes.
 If they get anywhere with this,
 this could be useful in the future.
 Should we ever make alien contact?
 The idea of learning some fundamental basics
 about communication. - That kind of makes sense, right?
 Because we don't know that aliens
 will have the same kind of languages as us.
 They could have the same kind of language as any animal
 so you would learn them.
 - Yeah, so this was set up in the 1960s
 and when this funding was given,
 NASA allowed, through its funding,
 to let John Lilly set up this kind of really bizarre laboratory
 where they flooded an entire room with water
 so that a dolphin called Peter could live in there
 with this lady who was gonna sit there
 for months and months on end.
 She had a mattress in the room.
 She had a desk that she could work at.
 - Was the mattress wet and was it under water the mattress?
 - No, she had like a platform.
 She wasn't under water herself, yeah.
 - Sorry, yeah.
 - It was her who was the instigator, really,
 of making the experiment so extensive.
 That was Margaret Love It, right?
 - That's right, yeah.
 - Who visited and she loved dolphins already.
 She visited this place
 and she totally fell in love with these three dolphins
 that were there and the lab at the time was just one tank
 and she said, I wanna see the dolphin living in this house
 in this full lab as if it's its own house
 so she insisted it was all flooded.
 And then she said, I wanna stay with it 24/7
 so she can really get to understand how it works
 so she could help with this experiment.
 And yeah, then she erected these hanging platforms
 so she could sit hanging from her swing desk.
 - Very shape of water, isn't it?
 - It is very shape of water.
 - Those platforms aren't the only things she erected
 (laughing)
 because, well, anyway, Peter was a young male dolphin
 and needed and was, I think, fancy to her.
 - Oh, did? - Yeah.
 - I think it's quite famously dolphins do tend to have
 a bit of a hump, don't they?
 When you go swimming with them,
 you hear a lot of stories of celebrities.
 - I mean, I must say, I went swimming with dolphins once
 and I attracted no attention whatsoever
 from the dolphin. - Oh God, God, not a celebrity though.
 (laughing)
 Apparently it's only celebrities.
 - Celebrities.
 (laughing)
 - It's just on seeing your Instagram followers
 before they...
 - They're whispering to the dolphins seriously.
 It's a very successful podcast.
 (laughing)
 - They all have a higher bar than that.
 - Margot used to do, it's interesting looking at the techniques
 that they tried to teach the dolphins
 with one of the techniques I thought was interesting was,
 she painted her face white.
 She put a white paint all over her face
 and then she used black lipstick
 and the idea was she wanted the dolphins to look directly
 at her lips to see the way she was mouthing were.
 So it's sort of to distract every other bit of her face
 from being the attention.
 - But they wanted the dolphin, I couldn't believe
 that the dolphins were speaking through their blowholes
 because I instinctively think of Dolphin Chatteras
 coming from their mouth. - Yeah, yeah.
 - And she said that the one thing she wanted him to say,
 Peter the Dolphin, to say was her name.
 He wanted her to say hello, Margaret.
 And she said that it's very difficult to get a dolphin
 to make an M sound with its blowhole
 and eventually he rolled over
 and kind of bubbled it through the water.
 But dolphins could imitate humans.
 We should say that they were able to imitate
 the pitch of the voice
 and maybe even the frequency too, I think.
 So there was some progress but not a lot enough.
 - None enough.
 - Yeah.
 And then it got a bit dodgy when he,
 this is John Lilly, who set up the whole thing.
 As we said before, started experimenting with LSD.
 He thought that the drugs would actually help the dolphins
 in order to understand language better
 and communicate better, open their minds up maybe.
 So he started injecting them with LSD to try.
 - Get that going.
 Is that right?
 It was interesting, yeah.
 - Yeah, she wouldn't let him inject Peter
 but she couldn't stop him injecting the other two.
 But it didn't really affect them, didn't it?
 Dolphins don't really, well, I guess we don't know
 what vision was they're saying because they still,
 they can't speak. - They can't speak.
 Everything they could see had an M in it.
 So they just couldn't say that.
 He was just seeing M in M's everywhere,
 but he just couldn't say it.
 But then he got two into LSD, didn't he?
 And ran away to experiment with that.
 - Yeah, so the project got abandoned and so on.
 So there is no marine mammal chair
 at the United Nations as a result.
 - And then he did go into drugs.
 He decided that he would take a lot of ketamine
 and go into sensory deprivation tanks,
 which is a bit stupid because they're just full of water.
 And so on quite a few occasions,
 his wife had to save him from drowning.
 And at one stage, he said,
 "Oh, one evening I took 150 milligrams of ketamine
 "and suddenly the earth, Coincident Control Office,
 "who were some aliens that he believed in,
 "remove my penis and handed it to me.
 "I screamed in terror.
 "My wife Tony came running in from the bedroom."
 And she said, "It's still attached."
 So I shouted at the ceiling, "Who's in charge up there?
 "A bunch of crazy kids."
 - I did not get to that matter.
 - He sounds like a reliable man to be doing science.
 - Wow.
 - So yeah?
 - Oh, okay.
 - I wonder how many times your husband would have to take
 loads of ketamine and get into a tank of water before you
 didn't save him.
 - I think on the fifth of a time.
 - That's it.
 - Especially if he hasn't got a penis anymore.
 - What's the point?
 - No, willy-lilly, they call them.
 (all laughing)
 - We are talking to dolphins now better than they used to.
 Yeah, so we've got this thing called a chat,
 which is a cetacean hearing and telemetry device.
 And it's just been invented.
 It's about the same size as a toaster.
 - You wear it on your chest and--
 - Or an auto, you look like a twice.
 (all laughing)
 - No, they've worked out how to translate.
 So you can teach dolphins to recognize certain words.
 They're clever, so you teach them
 to recognize the human word for seaweed.
 And then they make their own sound for that seaweed.
 So you know what, so this machine can work out
 what the dolphin sound for seaweed is.
 And then it can translate that back to a human.
 So they have got dolphins now to say the word seaweed
 into the machine.
 - That's pretty good.
 - If you think about it at the UN,
 they don't all speak English, do they?
 - No, they speak all sorts of different languages
 and it gets translated.
 - Yeah, it's the first thing on your chest.
 - But you could theoretically have a dolphin at the UN,
 just, I mean, all you can say is seaweed at the moment.
 - You would shove one of those earpieces in its blowhole,
 I guess.
 - Yeah.
 - So it would have to breathe sometimes.
 And then, well, you would have to take turns
 to breathe and to speak and listen,
 which you should do in life anyway.
 - So I don't think we've mentioned before,
 Peter Gabriel's project from Genesis.
 - Peter Gabriel from Genesis is working
 on an interspecies internet.
 - Well, it's a really cool project.
 He's been doing it for a while.
 It happened because he's a musician
 and he sort of played music with some apes.
 And he thought these guys are really getting me.
 And he called this scientist.
 Called this scientist called Neil Gershonfeld,
 who runs, I really like his job, he runs MIT's,
 Center for Bits and Atoms.
 And this guy, Peter Gabriel.
 - I don't know if this sounds good, I don't know.
 - These are legit people, a woman called Diana Rice,
 who's a cognitive psychologist,
 and one of the founders of the internet,
 Vince Sir, for Curfew, I think works, worked at Apple.
 - It's a difficult second invention, isn't it?
 After you've invented the internet,
 and then you go down and invent an internet for monkeys.
 (laughing)
 - This is for all animals to talk to each other.
 - Yes.
 - He's a wasp talking to a rhino,
 because we indeed would have nothing to say to each other.
 - They might have anything in common.
 - What are you talking about?
 They can all bitch about humans.
 - Oh yeah, that's it.
 - Blood of the humans swatted my mate today.
 Yeah, well, they took off my nose.
 (laughing)
 - But the user interface is going to be really hard.
 Because you're going to be--
 - I'm going to use a mouse.
 (laughing)
 - Wow, amazing.
 - Oh, just stuff on the UN.
 I didn't realise this, but I think maybe it's quite well known
 that the UN, the idea of the UN was conceived
 by Churchill and Roosevelt when Churchill was naked,
 as so many things were conceived.
 I think we talked about his punch on for naked.
 - And children's comfort.
 (laughing)
 - So this is from Daisy Suckley,
 who was a confident of Roosevelt,
 who it was when America had just been sucked into the war,
 and they decided that they had to have a united front
 against fascism, and they wanted to know what to call it.
 And FDR was lying in bed going to sleep,
 and suddenly--
 - Churchill birthed him.
 - But no, no, he didn't notice the other way around.
 FDR thought, "United nations."
 And so the moment he woke up the next morning,
 he jumped out of bed, and then he actually had some breakfast,
 and then--
 (laughing)
 And then he went up to Churchill's bedroom and knocked on the door,
 and Churchill said, "Come in and Churchill emerged
 from the bathroom but naked."
 And apparently appeared like a pink cherub FDR described to us.
 (laughing)
 FDR pointed at him and exploded.
 "The United Nations."
 (laughing)
 - I think if I was Churchill, after he came in,
 pointed at me naked, and said, "The United Nations,"
 that would be the nickname for my genitals.
 (laughing)
 - I can get you a seat on the United Nations if you like.
 (laughing)
 - Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us
 about the stuff we have said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, James.
 - @JamesHarkin, Andy.
 - @AndruHunterM, AndruZinsky.
 - You can email podcast.QI.com.
 - Yep, or go to our group Twitter account at no such thing,
 or you can go to nosuchthingasaffish.com,
 where we have everything from tickets
 to our upcoming live UK tour and Ireland,
 and you can also listen to all of our previous episodes.
 Okay, we'll be back again next week
 and another episode, we'll see you then, goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
