 "Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish. My name is James Harkin. I am joined
 today by Andrew Hunter Murray and Anna Toshinsky. And we are going to go through all of your
 facts, things that you sent to the email podcast acua.com and he has gone through them. He has
 picked out the very sweetest of plums as we often say and he sent them to us and we will read them
 out and discuss them and see if they're true, see if they're not true, see if they're interesting,
 see if they're not interesting, who knows what we will do. But let's get started. I've got a sweet
 plum. Doug Steen sent this in. I feel like we've heard from Doug Steen before. Oh yeah. I haven't
 seen it. I thought you might find this fun and as professional entertainers. That's us to use it.
 That's the nicest thing anyone's ever called me I think. He's very sweet, isn't it? Thanks, Doug.
 But he says let this be a cautionary tale. Hegellocus, an ancient Greek actor. We only know about him
 because he really, really fluffed up his line and then he sent a link and it is this guy who's
 incredibly famous throughout ancient Greece because at the premiere of Euripides Orestes in 408 BC
 he screwed up a crucial line and literally sort of every writer for about 300 years ripped in
 to him about it. Do we know the line? We do, yes. So a lot of pressure here I know.
 If you fuck up a fucked up line, is it doing it right again? I don't know. But anyway,
 he was playing the part of Orestes and the line was supposed to be after the storm I see once more
 calm. After the storm I see calm once more. Okay. Instead he said after the storm. I see calm.
 It's really similar to that. If it was in English that would have been what it was. Oh wow.
 Because it was in Greek it was after the storm I see a weasel once more. Oh my god. And in ancient
 Greek and I didn't know this ancient Greek was a tonal language like Chinese and they're really
 similar. The words for weasel and the words for calm and he just accidentally changed the tone a
 little bit at the last minute and the audience were absolutely killing themselves over it.
 It's weasel-y done. Weasel-y done. Yeah, it's totally different. Brilliant.
 There you go. There are the classics. There are the two classics. I think they were also in
 Aristophanies. It's definitely. It's so funny you mentioned Aristophanies. Oh, is this
 that Aristophanies? No, it wasn't, but it was in Euripides but then Aristophanies wrote a play
 three years later where he quoted the weasel line. This is how famous it was.
 That's I guess because there wasn't a rich media landscape then. So you know that showed the
 laughter files with Dennis. Dennis Norton. Dennis Norton was like he used to show like outtakes
 from TV shows but they don't do that anymore really. They don't do it anymore but that will
 hit a very specific section of the audience will suddenly ever remember Dennis Norton's
 laughter files but there are loads of TV shows so there are loads of bloopers to put in the show
 and you can get an hour of them. Whereas in Ancient Greece there's one blooper and it just
 is on repeat for 300 years. I know. When I was a kid he used to get these videos of like when
 footballers mess up and they show like 101 fuck ups for a football match. But it was always the
 same ones. Like it was always the same like the goalkeeper throwing the ball into his own goal.
 And you'd have famous in any kind of blueberry things. You'd have the famous ones that everyone
 at school know about for a year. Like when you were in that video when so and so. It was a better time
 in media I would say. But you know what? Spoiled it. It was when media companies started owning their own
 bloopers and then you'd watch a movie and at the end they put the bloopers in or something and you're
 like you're not supposed to be laughing at this. We're supposed to be laughing at you. Yeah. Yeah.
 And then animated ones started making their own fake bloopers and that really wise thing. I actually
 love those. Oh come on. That's pretty good. The Toy Story bloopers where Woody gets his line wrong.
 That's really funny. It's funny. It's funny. It's funny. I think it's bad when it's a serious
 film. Like I wish Christopher Nolan would stop doing it at the end of all of his films.
 Like those interstellar bloopers that he put over the credits. They really took me out of it.
 Wait, he didn't know. Is that joke? Yeah, it's a joke. I just, I don't, I look, I'm not familiar
 enough with those. That's a professional entertainer. I was making a joke and I won't do it again.
 Just let me know afterwards. I think there are what you could have said at the end of Shindler's list.
 Those bloopers were terrible. That would have been funnier. And that's why James is a professional
 professional. Can I do a fact? Yes, please. This is a bit of a dropper's a liney one, but it's borderline.
 So it refers to something that we actually did have in the show a few weeks ago, right?
 But I thought this was better here. Just I'm just showing my working before I dazzle you with the
 thing. A very niche knowledge required to understand this explanation. Tom McClatchy. Tom McClatchy. Thank
 you for this fact. He says medium fun fact. Setting the expectations. Tom's a professional
 email or I'm saying it. Mahatma Gandhi could have met Jack the Ripper. Oh, this was about whether
 Gandhi could have seen a wind turbine in his life. And also where the Jack the Ripper could have seen
 a wind turbine. And we worked out that both of those two people could have seen wind turbines.
 Yes. Or what you're saying is that one of those people could have been the other person.
 I'm not saying anything. Hang on. That's a leap. But go on. What a cover. I mean, what an incredible
 cover. The most famous pacifist, the most peace and love person. It would be no person you least
 expect, wouldn't it? If you were to list all like 10 billion people who have ever lived,
 who was most likely to be Jack the Ripper, I think Gandhi would have been the last. But he'd just
 arrived. How old was he? Young. Very young. I think it was, it was a student. Maybe he was about 19
 years old. Oh, so old enough to still do the murders. Very much so. Right. Well, what's
 got his whole career and act of atonement for? I think so. A killing spree. A cover up. Yeah.
 It's got to be a cover up. There we go. I think the months don't quite stack up. But if we're saying,
 he's clever enough to sort the months out, you know. Well, did he study? Did he stay and end
 your whole life? No, no. So this was, you know, he was in London. He was in London during 1888
 when the murders were happening. He was here as a student and he was. Was he living in his student,
 digs a white chapel? He was. He moved around love, actually. But everyone's saying he was a great
 neighbor. And he kept himself from talking. Good. The conspiracy theorist out there. What fun.
 And I'm documentary in the making down if you're listening. That one's for you. Okay. Here is one
 from me. Actually, it's from John Gray. And I just think we can't let these shows go past without
 a bit of extremely a bleak football knowledge. And we still seem to be a bit of a common thread.
 John writes that at the World Cup, Netherlands striker, Justin Cliveert missed his penalty on the 29th
 of June, 2026 against Morocco, hitting the left hand post as he was looking at the goal. Don't
 need to tell you that. Andy. So it's World Cup, right? World Cup. Jesus. Do I have to go through
 everywhere? Did this answer? No. Spookily, his father, Patrick Cliveert, the very famous Netherlands
 footballer, also missed a penalty kick on the 29th of June. That was in 2000 against Italy
 at the European Championships, hitting exactly the same post. Dun, dun, what, they're using the same
 goal. No, he missed it so badly. It ended up in America. No, hitting the left hand post. So yeah.
 Spooky with footballs for the O's. If you're doing an Oscar about this, get this woman a
 drop doing that Google thing of the day. That's great. Thank you. How do you audition for that job?
 Well, you just have the picture. I imagine the CVs look amazing that people said it for that job.
 Guys, have you ever done the game, by the way? You know when you can't find a web page and it shows you
 that little dragon thing. And you mentioned this the other day. Yeah, on this very show. God, I am such a
 boring person that not only have I done it, but I've mentioned it twice. Yeah. Moving on. I know we
 really like your idea for the Google Doodle, but we've actually done that for the last three weeks.
 Have you thought about something each letter a different primary thing?
 Okay, let's move on. And this is from Susan Partington from New Zealand. And I think I know
 I and included this one. She says, I'm currently reading Andrew Hunter Murray's marvelous new book,
 Bad Dees. Don't recall that bit of the email. That's weird that you can't do that because it's not
 that relevant, actually. It really puts into doubt the rest of the email for me. I feel like she's
 probably on what do you call those narrators? I don't really think she's an unreliable narrator.
 Well, you know who else is unreliable? Alex, the protagonist of Bad Deeds, I'll tell you that much.
 Look, she says, here's the link to Andy's book. Andy's book features a character called Jack Denver
 correct. I've read it. It does. He's either the villain or not the villain depending on whether you
 finish it. Okay. Spoiler very much alerts. What she read the first 10 pages, you could say, whatever happens
 with Jack Denver is probably going to be flipped around at the end. Yeah, if you don't know his way.
 That's the biggest, that's the biggest, that's an Anna Karen and a level event. People are going to be
 sobbing at home. The lives were building up to reading this book. Some of some papers 399. I don't know
 what was the point now. I left it open. I didn't destroy Dinger's cat. Is he alive or dead? I can't
 remember that. Anyway, her fact is the state capsule of Colorado was named after Governor James Denver,
 hence the link, to curry favor with him, the governor of Colorado, as it was newly made.
 But he'd just resigned from office. It's just the news hadn't yet reached Colorado.
 The reason Denver is called Denver was to curry favor with a bloke who was already out of the job
 at the time. That's very funny. There you go. I've got a choice of two American name facts,
 which would you like? Oh, great. That's a good one. That's a good one. That's pretty good.
 All right. This is from Blake Hossack and it's sort of about sport and it's sort of about
 American names. So there is a new professional women's baseball league in the USA. I announced on
 the 8th of July, Independence Day, plus four. And they announced the names of their first four
 teams when they announced the league. The New York height, the Boston Hunters, the San Francisco,
 Fire Bells and the Los Angeles Queens. All these four teams in the league, two of them are named
 after a person with an appropriate name rather than a functional quality. Really? The New York
 height, I named for Dorothy Height, who was a basketball player. It's baseball. I know either I
 read it as basketball the first time. Dorothy Height was a very prominent woman in the Civil Rights
 Movement. That's great. And the Boston Hunters are named after Harriet Hunt, who was the first woman
 to apply to Harvard Medical School. That's fantastic. That's lovely. Lovely. Two in one. I know.
 There you go. What a deal. What a great deal. Yep. Here's one from Skalg Nimo. Let's say that I
 absolutely nailed it because Skalg's not here to say that I didn't. But it is about Norway.
 And Skalg says that the order of the Norwegian lion was Norwegian order of knighthood established by
 King Oscar II in 1904, despite being a Norwegian order, not a single Norwegian that ever received it.
 And that's basically because Norway and Sweden were kind of a joint country around that time,
 and all the people who received it were actually Swedes. One Norwegian got it. That feels like
 very bad odds. Yeah. The new King of Norway, Haken, Haken, Haken. The seventh became
 Grandmaster of the Order, but he was actually born in Denmark. Oh dear. And what was in Norway just quite
 crappy things for a time? Do right in. Or was there some kind of prejudice, probably some kind of
 inbuilt prejudice? I think it was the fact that the Swedes were more of the upper, upper ilk
 in those days. Because when you look on the Wikipedia of all the people who had it, they all have this
 weird sort of flag, which is neither Swedish nor Norway. And it's kind of the, the Sweden Norway
 joint country flag. And then you have to go and check every single one of them to make sure they
 were born in Sweden. If you're doing your due diligence on this fact. How many were there?
 Oh, only about a dozen. Okay. It's not too bad. Didn't take up your week.
 The Queen, the true Queen of England. Oh yeah, yep. Kiwi too. Yeah. She was a knight of the elephant
 in Denmark, the knight of the Golden fleece in Spain, the knight of the white eagle in Poland,
 and the knight grand cross at the order of the Netherlands lion in Netherlands. Wow. They're pretty
 solid names, aren't they? Four times a night. That was her neck name, of course.
 Can you still go to the Tower of London? I don't know. She's not here anymore. Probably.
 You never see it wearing the night's gear ever. You didn't. More, you don't know because she's in the,
 you don't know that it's her. If you see a knight in full armour, but carrying a corgi,
 that will have been the Queen. I see. Okay, so Viser down. Viser down. Yeah, never to go Viser up if
 she. Because I went to Warwick Castle a little while ago, where they have lots of stuff about
 Zog, the dragon, and they had someone dressed as a knight there. I don't know that wasn't the Queen.
 No, you don't. You can suspect it. The Lake Queen. But it was a bit flashy time. Otherwise,
 that would be, you know, the Zodby Queen. I told you didn't know about my visit to Warwick Castle
 in Kent. I'm sure you did, Andy, which is one of the, it's where the Warden of the Sink
 ports used to have their traditional place. Sink, not Sank. It looks like Sank, for the five ports.
 It's not, I used to hear it. But it said Sink. Anyway, they had a Queen mum in personator there.
 Queen mum died, I would say, 25 years before my visit to Warwick Castle last year.
 And they had, it was so weird, because she was not very good. Oh, really? She was just a slightly
 ugly lady in a rural dress. Do you think the job becomes easier as people forget what the Queen
 mother was like, because he's been quite a while since she died? It does seem like it would, yeah.
 She had a kind of console with her, a big guy who was, look, it was not meant to be, I think, a
 king. I don't think so. It was just a guy in a suit. But I made some joke about the, oh, the Queen
 mum, you'll have started all the gins, won't you? And she did not laugh. Because the Queen mum did
 like a drink. And she liked laugh? Well, this one would have laughed. Yeah, yeah. So it wasn't the real one.
 You know that. Wasn't the real one. I suspect the real Queen mum wasn't at your castle,
 and the real Queen wasn't at yours, actually. I'm starting to think the same.
 Don't you think it's weird that they've changed the pronunciation of that word to Sink,
 when, yeah, in a poor, one of the last things you want, of course. Very good point. So they should
 change it back. Very good point. Is it just because they don't want it to sound French?
 It might have been, yeah, because it's a, it's a Henry VIII era innovation, the Sink ports, you know,
 it's, it's Walmer and it's Deal and Sandwich, which were anti-French defence places. So that was the deal.
 You could, you could use the word five, couldn't you? And that would solve your Sink.
 Thank you for the five ports. Don't I get? Not the same ring. No. Okay, turn on.
 I think this is the best fact I've read this week from a listener, and this is from a Leon at
 Miller Out, and it's about Kenyan Cave Elephants, which I can't believe I didn't know about, but he says,
 I just learned about Kenyan Cave Elephants, which seems so incredibly improbable and very
 amused by their existence. And they indeed are. They're amazing. Do you guys know about these?
 Cave Elephants. You, you want me to certainly do you, QI veterans? Not sure.
 But they, basically, they exist kind of on the border of Kenyan and Uganda. I think there are
 only a few hundred left, and they excavate caves for themselves to find the salt inside the cave.
 So they get their tusks into the ground. They'll find a little hole. They get bigger and bigger.
 They usually access a big lava flow where there's like a big tunnel and that there's not live lava.
 They're not sailing down hot lava. And they, and there are photos of elephants deep down inside
 the bounds of the earth, and they go there to lick the salt out of the caves. And it's because
 there's too much rainfall there, which sweeps all the salts off the foliage off the ground on the
 surface. So they need to find salt somewhere. So they dig out their own caves. It sounds crazy.
 It does sound a Dan Schreiber style. Did you know in Ken, on the Ugandan border with Kenyan,
 there are these cave elephants, but it sounds too crazy to be true. And who fought against salt
 in post-colonial India? Jack the rapper. I'm just trying to pop all of the facts together like
 Dan would do. Yeah, absolutely. Tied up beautifully. And it's almost time we tied this up actually.
 Oh, is it. Can I give you a nice brief one from Randy Banderob? Oh, yes.
 Oh, yes. Excellent. Randy writes, my fact is the author Kurt Vonnegut.
 Oh, yeah. A huge deal in sci-fi. That's a lot of sank.
 A lot of sank. That's actually sank. Kurt Vonnegut opened up one of the first
 SARB dealerships in North America, but it went bankrupt within its first year. So SARB,
 the Swedish car brand, just to bring it back to Scandinavia. We had a SARB when I was young.
 Is that the end of that anecdote? Certainly is. But we didn't buy it from Kurt Vonnegut,
 because we didn't live in West Barnstable. It sounds like very few people bought it from Kurt Vonnegut.
 Well, SARB have stopped making cars now. They've gone out of the car business. So they're now in
 the business of supersonic uncrewed aircraft submarines and anti-tank weapons. They pivoted
 very hard towards high-end military. Yeah. We have one of those when I was young.
 That's amazing. I didn't know that. Yeah, they're really like they're properly high-end tech now.
 But at the time, they were not very cool when Kurt Vonnegut was trying to sell them in America.
 And part of the reason was, I just love this. It was a two-stroke and not a four-stroke engine.
 It was boring. But the point is, every time you fill your tank with petrol, you had to pour in a
 separate canful of oil as well so that it mixed and stayed the right suspension. Obviously, nobody
 wanted to do this because it was a complete pain in the bum to do. So nobody wanted a SARB, and they
 went bust. I can imagine that being a selling point. Those crisps where you used to have the little
 sachet of salt that came along with them. That was quite fun. Yeah, true. I can imagine it being
 a funnel. I disagree. My car has been telling me to put washer fluid into it for about 18 months now.
 I keep thinking, because it's electric cars, I don't really go to petrol stations where I happen,
 which is where I would buy washer liquid from. I just keep thinking, I should buy some washer
 liquid. And I can imagine the same happening this. And you get your wife a lot fewer flowers now,
 and he's just triggered a memory of me. I went to an electric car event today recently, and I met a
 bloke. I met a bloke. He made his own petrol at home. Was it like out of fish chip oil, because people
 do that, don't they? Well, maybe it was. I mean, he had a recipe. It is illegal. No, it's not illegal,
 but you have to pay the equivalent amount of fuel tax that you would have done if you'd have bought
 it from the petrol pump. No, I mean, how many people are doing that? I imagine all of them.
 People are going to the effort for getting an ultra-free chip oil and putting it into their cars.
 Yeah, but you have to sell up this whole mad thing in your garage or whatever and make your own petrol.
 Well, it's all gone. You know, I mean, yeah, it's nice out of hobby. And he's at the electric.
 So that's... That was in the old days. He used to do this when he was... I see, because you are using
 something, you're also upcycling something I suppose, but then you've still got emissions. He now makes his own
 batteries out of battered sausages. Oh, okay. On that lie, shall we move on to... I prefer to call it a joke,
 but you know, I just think imagine that as sad a front row with a comedy song. No, no, not fake news.
 Sorry, I forgot that I wasn't hosting this even, so... Oh, yes. Oh, yeah. On that note,
 have a brilliant joke. We should move on to my favourite part of the show, I would say, which is where
 we hand out some of our facts to people on the top tier of our Patreon. If you want to get your own
 fact, then go to patreon.com/nosusingsaface. Join on the top tier, and we will make you a custodian,
 so who has got a fact to hand out? I've got one here, and this is to go into the care of Hannah
 Deval, with two A's, a bit like Sob. So there you go, just a coincidence. Just binding James's hands
 for the edit processor. Lashing into the mask of the curve on a get-fack. Great. I kind of say to anyone
 listening, we very rarely cut facts from this, because we record quite strong. Well, you might have
 noticed as a listener, but the quality is steeply declined. So this is the fact, this is one of my
 favourite facts I've ever found, actually, is that houses in Bali are built in proportion to the owner's
 body. It's over there, isn't this his way? Did we all make the incredibly obvious joke?
 I suspect so, yeah. Do you want to make the obvious joke again?
 Really long drain pipe or something? Pretty short drain pipe. Some sort of penis joke.
 Yeah, a huge dining room. And this was that you get measured before you get a house made,
 don't you? So if you want to build an extension, I think you also have to extend your own
 body in proportion, maybe. But if you want to remove the conservatory, you have to have yourself
 to capitate it. So it's a big decision. That is amazing, really. Yeah. You would be able to know,
 like, you could walk into a town to visit your friend, and you'd be able to know which house was
 there as immediately, I guess. Or if you're a cop looking for a very tall suspect. Yeah. You know,
 you go to the long house. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, that's a great one. Enjoy that hand of devol.
 Lovely. Here's one that goes out to Millie. Millie, congratulations to you because your
 fact is, according to Isaac Newton, the world is going to end in 2060. So you've got 34, 33 years
 to enjoy that fact, Millie. Sure you will. And basically, Isaac Newton came up with a load of
 old cobblers as well as the laws of physics. Yeah. There was a lot of old cobblers going around
 at most days. Very true. Very true. Very true. Yeah. Yeah. Here is one that is now going out to
 Abigail Harris Jones. And Abigail, your fact is that there is only a one in 800,000 chance
 that nobody will cough during this podcast recording. Even lower if I'm in it. According to James,
 when he does the edit. Well, really? Yeah. Yeah. Sorry, that's the noise I make, isn't it? That's
 the noise that you make probably every two and a half minutes, usually over someone's punchline in a joke.
 It's because I want to cover up the lies that are propagating to fight this shit.
 But yeah, I think one of the ideas is that people cough more in theatres than they would in the rest
 of life because you're kind of suppressing it and you're holding it in and then eventually it
 just gets worse and worse and you have to let it out. I understand that. I went to a classical
 concert the other day and there are these weird cough breaks in between movements where you're
 not meant to clap, but you are meant to cough. And it's just it's a bit of free time for everyone to just
 have a bit of a rummage around. Sorry. Would you not? I think I would cough during the big crescendo.
 That's another very good way of doing it. Oh, I got da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da-da, like that is something people didn't notice it because there was another bit of the sort.
 That's great. That's a great idea. That was really good. Yeah. You got to do memorize the piece beforehand,
 so that you know how to sing along and insert your cough in that. I do. Do you know that there's an app
 you can find where it's always the best time to go to the toilet in movies. Oh, yeah. I have that app
 but for operas and when it's the best time to cough. That is genuinely a good idea. Yeah. Well, I mean,
 not a good idea, but I can see it being useful. I can. It's funny that classical music thing. Yeah,
 because everyone does always cough and it's like they've all been saving it up. It's the same when you go
 and watch Snooker. Is it? Yeah. Because you can't cough when someone's about to play the shot,
 but you know that some people are in a crowd of 500 people, let's say, someone wants to cough when
 they're playing the shot. And so as soon as there's a little break and they're just sort of the
 referees picking up the balls and putting it where it's supposed to go. You do hear people going,
 just getting them all out at once. And also the world championships is in the middle of spring
 when everyone just seems to get a cold in Sheffield. I don't know why, but my memory is that that was the
 one time of year when everyone got cold. Maybe it's a pollen thing. Maybe it's hay feeds. Here's
 another one. This is the fact that the Colosseum has recently banned centurions. And this fact is
 to go to rear corner. I think in the fact as we've sent it to rear, we probably should have removed
 the word recently, given that it was about 10 years ago. Yeah. I guess it's recent in the context
 of the ancient Rome. Exactly. They're not in the heyday. That's face it. And they're not real ones, right?
 This is bad fake tourist centurions who try and strong arm. Literally tourists into taking photos
 for money and stuff like that. Yeah. Well, they should have done instead of like banning them and
 getting the police to get rid of them. They should have got lions. That's how I chase them. That's such a good idea.
 That's really funny one. Here's one that goes out to Darren John. Congratulations, Darren, because
 your fact is from 1978 to 1991, tens of thousands of chicken heads were dropped from helicopters
 over Switzerland. One of those facts you cannot see which way it's going. You know, tens of thousands
 of chicken heads and then helicopters and then Switzerland. Just a lovely, a real roller coaster ride.
 These were vaccinated chicken heads, which were full of the vaccine against rabies. It
 would the hope that the foxes would eat the chicken heads and become immune to rabies. Okay, my next
 one is that in 2015, a 10 year study concluded that punching glass is very dangerous. Now that fact
 goes out to you, Sarah Williams, and you can keep it on your wall behind the pain of glass maybe.
 Really much. Which no one will ever punch because they'll read the fact and know, aha, I shouldn't
 do that. Yeah, it's not. Do you think so? Do you think everything that's framed on a wall should be
 that fact? Because otherwise, you're in danger of punching it. I feel like I will now scribble that
 fact on every painting of a national gallery. Everyone behind glass anyway, just so that people know.
 Good idea. Yeah, here's another one. And this one is for Hilgoth Thorarins. And this is that the
 oldest turkey in the UK is called dinner. Premean fact, although it's survived. Well, I don't know if
 the turkey is still with us. I can't believe this was about 2017. We did this. How long did turkeys live for?
 About eight months normally, I guess. It just feels like the oldest anything when it's almost 10 years
 later. It's no longer going to be a thing. But yeah, one more. Yeah. All right, last one. This goes out
 to Beth. Beth, your factors that carry grant and Clark Gable used to meet once a year at Christmas
 to exchange unwanted monogrammed gifts they had received. Of this fact. Of course. Classic fact.
 Annotity Jensky fact. This was a Christmas show, wasn't it? Of course. That's why there's a turkey
 fact. I remember we did this show either up the crew. I think it was up the creek. And this
 was a fact that was sent in by someone who we went on to an employer's researcher in fact. Really?
 Yeah, it was by Lauren. What's it? Shout out to Lauren Gilbert. Oh, sorry. I thought you meant
 Beth it was receiving the fact was. Yeah, she doesn't know it yet. But it came from her and now it's
 back to her and she's become a friend of the book. I got very confused. Yeah. Yeah, I don't know why
 you thought that. Because I wasn't listening. Don't quit your job. If you're listening now,
 and you've already sent your resignation letter. Beth will see you next Monday, sharp 9 a.m.
 at the QI offices. Welcome aboard. Who would you swap your monogrammed gifts with?
 A.M. A.M. rather than A.H.M. I think A.H.M. will be too difficult. Andy Murray?
 Yeah. Well, you could then swap not just monograms, but like personalised.
 Yeah, the whole thing. I mean, where do you get you? What? I suppose just school clothes with your
 name stitched in. All sorts of school pullovers. That'll be great. Yeah. No, A.M. Oh, I don't know.
 Andrew Mountbasson. Andrew Mountbasson. Oh, great. I think I'll put those on a hot wash if we're
 swapping anything. Oh, dear. Oh, dear. James, I couldn't think of anyone myself, which was why I asked
 you to say J.H. Did you personally think it was Joanne Harris? Did she write chocolate? I did write
 chocolate. Yeah. I'll take that. She probably gets lots of nice gifts. Is she still alive?
 Oh, yes, very much. She'll get loads of chocolate, actually. She's not a bad. Or can you monogram
 chocolate? Yeah. Oh, yeah. Like an Easter egg with J.H. written on it. Brilliant. Perfect. Oh, jealous.
 And she can get my monogram golf puzzle. It's not a great swap, Joanne. And then A.P. could be
 comedian Andy Parsons. Yes. Lovely. What kind of stuff do we think Andy Parsons gets?
 So no, he's got a goatee, hasn't he? So like a goatee comb? A goatee comb? Yeah. Maybe some jokes. Maybe you
 get some joke suggestions I could do with them. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Okay. That is the end of the show.
 Thank you so much, everyone, for writing in with your facts to podcast.QI.com. And thank you very
 much indeed to Beth Helga Sarah, Darren, Rhea Abigail, Millie and Hannah. Thank you so much for
 becoming friends of the podcast. And like I say, if you go to patreon.com/nosesthingsafish,
 you too can get your own fact. That is it for today. Thank you very much to Andrew Hunter Murray.
 Thank you. Thank you, Anna. Would you like to do a quick cough?
 Yeah. Okay. Thank you. And it's also good bye from me. Good bye.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
