 Hi everybody, Andy here. Just before this week's episode we wanted to announce our
 special guest. It is the psychotherapist, author, columnist, presenter, you name it, it's
 Philippa Perry. We are so thrilled to have had Philippa on the show. She was on our comic
 relief special a few years ago and she was just so great and entertaining and interesting
 we had to have her back. If you're interested in finding out a little bit more of Philippa's
 book, she has written a magnificent book called The Book You Wish Your Parents Had
 Read and Your Children Will Be Glad That You Did. So do check that one out. Her next book
 available to be ordered now, it's out in a few months, is called The Book You Want Everyone
 You Love To Read and maybe a few you don't. So we hope you enjoy the episode, we certainly
 enjoyed recording it. The other thing to say is that our British Library live show is coming
 up soon, it's on Friday the 21st of April, it's about animals. Just wanted to throw
 a bit of mystery in there, it's about animals. It's an animals special to go with the British
 Library's new animals exhibition. Anna of course is still away but we have a special
 guest for this show and that is going to be none other than Sally Phillips of Alan Partridge,
 Smack the Pony, Green Wing, Miranda, you name it. She's going to be there and she's
 going to be our special guest. We are very excited. Live tickets in the room are completely
 sold out but there are streaming tickets available so wherever you are listening to this you
 can attend a glorious fish gig in the comfort of your own home. Why not pop over to know
 such thing as a fish.com/live or live, no one's ever really worked it out, you will
 be able to get yourself a streaming ticket for the show there. We hope you do so, we
 hope you enjoyed this episode, we'll see you soon, bye.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here
 with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray and Philippa Perry and once again we have gathered
 around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular
 order here we go. Starting with fact number one and that is Philippa.
 Hi, child rearing advice in the 17th century included tossing your baby up in a blanket
 to strengthen its nerves or firing pistols near it to boost its endurance. Okay I'm just
 going to start by saying in case you suddenly want to run away and think that's a brilliant
 idea that if you toss a newborn into the air it might break its neck because it's got
 no neck muscles and a very big head so not a great idea. Is there a minimum age at which
 tossing can commence? When did you start tossing? We got quite personal quite quickly. If you're
 going to do something fun like toss somebody in the air it's a great idea if you've got
 a bond and a relationship with them first. So don't go up to a random baby and think
 oh babies love this and toss them into the air. A) they might break their neck if they
 haven't got neck muscles in it yet and B) you do that as part of an ongoing relationship
 and you have give and take with a baby. Okay so you can't exchange words but you exchange
 looks and laughs. One of the first games a baby likes playing let's start general folks
 is peek-a-boo. Now that is really scary for a baby. Especially when you fire a pistol.
 Can we just drop the firing of pistols? Don't do that okay. Peek-a-boo right it's really
 scary for a baby because they haven't got what we call object permanence. So if mummy
 leaves the room that's why baby goes because mummy doesn't exist anymore. So mummy's gone
 forever in the baby's eye. Possibly we haven't really got a concept of forever but mummy is
 not there and we haven't got a sense of mummy ongoing in the other room yet. So it's pretty
 scary and so peek-a-boo the baby thinks you've disappeared for a second and that is oh the
 jeopardy and then when you arrive again the relief is hilarious and then again they want
 to play that again and again and again that is the 17th century firing a pistol that we
 do in the what we in now 22nd century or something 21st century. I had to think. People might
 be listening to this in the 22nd century. Can I ask what the blanket tossing though?
 Is this a case of are we thinking of a laid out blanket where we're flinging a kid into
 the air like fox tossing the old sport? Yeah. So because I wondered if it was wrapping in
 a blanket and tossing them up and down while they're raps. While they're squaddled. While
 they're squaddled. Exactly. I think it's that. I think it's the old hold the blanket by the
 corners and then. I think so. If you're trying to spread it from the nerves then it must
 have some jeopardy I think. I think chucking a baby in the air at all is jeopardy. This
 thing about treating babies and children cruelly to make them stronger is a utter complete
 nasty myth that people still cling on to. My dear father for example when my daughter
 was about two years old and she'd just grown too large to stand up underneath the piano.
 She hit her head on the piano thing and I of course went to comfort her baby here. Dear
 dear. A cuddle cuddle kiss kiss. My dad said don't do that. She'll hurt herself all the
 time so that she can get that sort of comfort. You are rewarding her hurting herself. He
 said and I went oh my God. Suddenly I realized why I needed 25 years of therapy. I know.
 But is there a thing where if a small child let's say falls over right now they will sometimes
 if you're in the room with a small child and they fall over and they will sometimes give
 you a look as if they're kind of sizing up whether or not they're going to cry and if
 you react in a big way they might say all right that is my cue to cry. They're sort
 of engaging in it with you. Whereas if you say oh there we go and then you sort of you
 know it depends how frightened you are of the fall. I mean sometimes you see a fall
 and you think that doesn't hurt that much. That's what I mean. And so you go whoops a
 daisy and we all go whoops a daisy. But you know when they're covered in blood and there's
 a size of an egg on the head I think they're there darling that must hurt. Yeah isn't isn't
 too bad. Okay. Good call. Yeah. That's a good level of distinction. Yeah. I say to my son
 Wilf and Ted my sons when they're scootering if they fall over I say oh that was an amazing
 blooper because we sometimes film and then so. You're after those 250 quid that you've
 been framed don't you. Do it again in slow motion. My camera is not working in slow motion.
 But Wilf came home one day scratched up and he said dad had an amazing blooper today. So
 it kind of helps in a way. There's something else here as well is that children won't cry
 with people they don't feel particularly safe with. Like one day my daughter had a quite
 a nasty fall in the playground and the teachers were all saying to me when I went to pick
 her up like oh she was so brave. She didn't cry. She didn't make a fuss. I looked at her
 and think that's not like her weird. And so I went okay goodbye okay good. We walked around
 the corner away from the school as soon as we got around the corner. I really hurt myself
 really badly. And it was just delayed comfort. She didn't want comfort from the teachers.
 She wanted comfort from me and I'm not saying you're putting it on because you didn't do
 that at the time. Bollocks you just felt pretty sad about having fallen over and that was
 incompleted that sort of like I feel sad I need comfort. And so whenever a child wants
 comfort give it. Never mind this thing about what they're doing it for attention. Yes they
 are. And that means you need to give attention. Because once they've had enough attention
 that's then and only then that you learn to internalise the comfort you get from your
 loving ones so that you can tell yourself things like it hurts now but it won't hurt
 in a minute. You know you learn those things you learn to comfort yourself. You know if
 something awful happens to me like I don't know I get my credit card pocket picked that's
 the blooper of today or something like that. That's a great blooper. I want to ring up
 either my husband or my daughter and go wow wow wow and I spend all morning on the phone
 and getting things cancelled it's been really horrible. And I just want them to go there
 there. So even when we're quite old I'm 65 we still need some external comfort you know
 for big bloopers like and I'm expecting when I have my hip hop in a few weeks I'm expecting
 lots of sympathy from you lot please. So from the sound of it Philippa you don't agree
 with I've been looking up kind of historical you know childcare advice and parenting manuals
 and things like that. Yeah there was a manual in the 15th century by Giovanni Domenici who
 said that ideally you did I mean he did subscribe to Tuffening Children Up when small. Dress
 them in rough clothing get them to sleep in the cold the worst of all withhold food and
 wine. Oh what? No that's the last straw. Get child services out there right now. I mean
 if you're sort of left out in the cold with no comfort I think the least you could have
 would be a bit of wine to numb the pain. Nice wouldn't it. I'd be interested in the history
 of childcare whether it kind of goes in cycles of kind of hard love and soft love or whether
 we think we've kind of got to a point now and hopefully it'll kind of stay like this.
 Well it is still going in a cycle really because we tend to do things in extremes so we go
 from we must be authoritarian at all times and don't let them get away with anything
 to hey free easy and then we think oh my god those kids have got no boundaries they don't
 know where they are who they're allowed to be or anything they're all over the place
 they've gone mad. We better toughen up again. So it does tend to swing like that but of
 course after everybody's read my book you'll find the middle way where you have love plus
 boundaries can't go wrong with that. Oh nice. Hugs and guns it's cool. It's not cold.
 Were you when so when you had children that was some years ago as in when they were tiny
 how old are your children now? 30. So were you by any chance I don't know if he was still
 big then. A Spock reader. Dr Benjamin Spock. No. He was a bit before that wasn't he? Because
 I was reading about him and there was like this whole debate about you know tough love
 versus soft love and all of this because he his books were still being published you know
 new editions in the late 90s which is the only reason I ask but he published his first
 in 1946 and it saw 50 million copies by the time he died. Damn I've only said two million
 I've got to wait again. Wow that is embarrassing. Yeah I know I bet he lived long and prospered
 after that. Oh my god. Yeah. Yes. But he this is the crazy thing he was blamed for the eventual
 children who grew up where their parents had bought the book in the mid 40s you know the
 first edition. Yeah yeah because then in the late 60s he became a very prominent protester
 against the Vietnam War and he was very famously you know he was leading protests and he was
 told that his parenting style had led to permissiveness in the permissive society and that all these
 long-haired hippies protesting against the Vietnam War were basically his children you
 know and the parents brought them up in that style. This is like the rider of jaws then
 spending the rest of his life doing short protection stuff you know like going the opposite
 way for what he created. Yeah let's just stick to the middle way shall we. But he was a victim
 of tough love too as a child he wasn't allowed to have a banana until he was 12. Interesting
 really. What's what's what's the goss there. I have no more details than that I'm really
 sorry I did try to find that. Well the mind boggles. This is a cool thing. Parenthood
 during the pandemic was obviously an interesting thing if you had a baby during the pandemic
 which I did you. It wasn't anything else to do wasn't it. There was nothing else to do.
 Make a baby. Yeah exactly. But we had a thing where. We made sourdough. We made sourdough.
 I had babies. You obviously couldn't visit families and so on. So in Japan someone had
 this idea which worked really well which was a pandemic rice baby. So what you would do
 is you would send a picture of the baby the face to this company and you would send the
 weight of the baby. They would make a rice bag the exact weight of your baby with the
 face on it and send it to the parents or the auntie or uncle or whatever. And so while
 you were doing calls or whatever they could hold the rice baby and sort of feel like they
 had. No the rice baby has fallen into a pound of boiling water. It doesn't matter. I've
 been tossing the rice baby up into the air in a blanket with terrible results. So the
 company did this and it worked really well and then this is now a sort of growing trend
 in Japan at weddings now there's an opposite baby that gets handed to the parents of the
 bride and the groom which is very old man. Sorry what I mean is what you do is you would
 get a picture of say like James and his wife would get pictures of themselves as kids and
 then they would have them printed onto a rice baby and you would give yourself as a child
 back to your parents to say where I am now this is where I came from and you made me.
 This is a present to remind you of the journey that we've been on. Well it's a beautiful
 ritual. I think we should all integrate that into our lives. Yes. Put in your new book.
 You write another book down alright. You keep your ideas for your books and I'll keep mine
 for mine. Rice baby is going to be a best seller I'm telling you. No it's got to be
 a more British kind of food. It's got to be a classic British food. It's got to be a
 chips suet. Chippy baby. Yeah. Yorkshire pudding. Don't keep so well do they? I was reading about
 when child care manuals started when they first took off because there were a few in the middle
 ages but not very many and there wasn't you know mass literacy in the same way and it
 was partly and this is particularly in America I'm talking about it was partly because people
 were moving around more so you might be living 200 miles from your parents and your immediate
 family so you don't have the immediate experience of a baby you know you haven't grown up in
 loads of babies. People were moving around for work. A bit like nowadays really. So manual
 is a very useful thing. It's like the old time NCT group. Exactly it really is yeah yeah
 and that's when the manuals kicked off in a big way and now of course there are so many
 you know thousands of manuals. But there's only one you really need to buy. Rice baby
 is my dance driver. Okay it is time for fact number two and that is my fact. My fact this
 week is that France has lost at least two of its kings due to death by walking into the
 frame of a very low door. This is two that we know of. There may be more. To lose one
 king by walking into the frame of a very low door. You know what at first I thought that
 was a to lose joke. Yeah to lose as in as in La Trek. Oh I was thinking the southern
 French town. Both would have been better than what I was doing. That's cool. Yeah so which
 one's we talking. We're talking Louis the third who passed away in 882 the 882 and
 then Charles the eighth. I'm presuming not the same door. Different no it's not no there's
 no incriminating door here yeah. The killer door. It waits. Was there a bit of inbreeding
 the old French royal family because you know they had another one didn't they who thought
 he was made out of glass. Yes was that a French one. No it was a French I think it was one
 of the Charles's who suffered. No no Charles the mad for some reason. But inbreeding couldn't
 make you walk into a door frame. Well maybe you were brought up not to look where he would
 be going. Oh almost I guess if you're the king. Maybe the French royals had a person
 who would always tell you whenever you're about to hit a door frame. Yeah and it was
 his day off. What a day. It's so funny. He took two days off in over 500 years. So Charles
 the eighth his reason for running into the door was he was very excited to see a game
 of tennis so he was rushing out the door didn't notice the height you know when you're rushing
 out the door and you don't notice the height of a door you can crack your head. No. Tennis
 has killed quite a lot of royals. Has it. Over the years yeah. So Louis the tenth of
 France died of a chill after paying tennis on a cold day. James the first of Scotland
 drowned in a storm drain that he was using to escape assassins. But the drain was blocked
 by tennis balls and so he couldn't get out and he drowned. It's hard to blame that on
 the tennis balls really isn't it. No but they be called to the stand definitely. It would
 be especially ironic for him if he had been the one playing tennis and saying shall we
 go and get those balls. No I can't be bothered they're in the storm drain. And that's a good
 ironic. And Anne Boleyn was watching a tennis match at Hampton Court when she was arrested
 and beheaded. Again. Not fair to blame tennis. So even if she'd been watching a squash game
 they might have still arrested her. But that's a great connection and they're courts. Courts
 and courts. That's the other guy by the way Louis the other guy King Louis the third was
 chasing a girl into a house and she obviously bent and he didn't have been shorter than
 him. Yeah. Yeah. She could have been shorter than him. Is it is it true that the reason
 doors did use to be short is not because people obviously were smaller but because materials
 cost so much that it made more sense to have less material for a wooden door. It might
 have been because of the heating. So if you have a smaller door it keeps the heating more.
 Okay. Right. I don't know about that. But think before you enter. Yeah. Good idea. I
 really want to bend down to go into it. Yeah. So I mean yeah that's okay. Three loss to the
 tennis court. One Venn diagram overlap of two lost to low doors. The lintels of a door.
 That's it. Do you think it's because Kings wouldn't die of normal things that normal people
 would die of? Of like so what like syphilis maybe they would but yeah as in they're more
 likely to die of weird things. It was obviously a much more dangerous time in terms of overall
 mortality and I don't know if Kings live longer or shorter than the average person because
 they were better fed. Better fed. Yeah. Might have been washed occasionally at least twice
 a year. Yeah. But you have more kind of aristocratic accidents and things like that because you've
 got more horsing and yes yeah. France they did have a lot of aristocratic accidents at
 the end of the 18th century. Yeah loads. It really racked up. Horses were a big one. Prince
 Philip of France he died when supposedly he was going through the street and his horse
 tripped over a black pig that was running out of a dung heap. That's bad luck isn't it?
 That's bad luck. Yeah. There was another one who rode a horse off a cliff if you remember.
 That's just careless. That is it's easy to do I almost ran off a cliff. On a horse? Not
 on a horse. You almost run off a cliff sorry. Yeah in Australia there was going to the beach
 and I saw the beach in the distance and I didn't have my glasses on me and I just ran
 and ran and ran and as I got to the edge of the cliff I dove to the ground and managed
 to stop myself just. I don't know why you've been let out at all. That's incredible. Have
 you? That's easy to do. Have you heard of Carlo Man the second of West France here? Actually
 no. Can you tell me all about him please? I only know about his death sadly but it's
 an unusual death. He died after being stabbed in the leg by his servant but told us while
 they were being attacked by a wild boar. So at this point we've got two low hanging
 door deaths. Yeah. We've got three horse deaths. We've got three tennis court deaths and we
 have now two pig based deaths as well. That's interesting. There's a lot of grouping going
 on here. Yeah do you know any other pillow fight deaths than the one I'm about to tell
 you? Oh well Mon Luther King. Mon Luther King had a pillow fight the day before he died
 but it wasn't what killed him. Yeah I think it might have even been the day of. It might
 have been like one of the last things he did. Can you start from the beginning? I forgot
 you're here this show would implode on itself. So Charles the second of Alois who was the
 son of Francis the first. He and his friends came across a load of buildings that had been
 closed off due to the plague and he said to his friends no son of a king of France has
 ever died of plague and so they went into these houses that had been closed off and
 they sort of rolled around on the beds and had a pillow fight. Full of sleaze those beds.
 Well full of yeah full of not nice stuff and sure enough a couple of days later he contracted
 the plague and he died. That's a bad hubris. That's really hubristic yeah that's bad. Louis
 the ninth also of France buried in Notre Dame so getting quite eminent now. Buried and now
 cremated due to the recent fire. Oh yeah too soon Phillip. There's a theory that he died
 because he refused to eat the local food when he was travelling. Staved? No it's worse than
 that he was leading the eighth crusade in 1270 AD and he supposedly refused to have any vegetables
 because it was you know some foreign muck and he only wanted. He only wanted old sausage
 then back two years old from home. And he had terrible scurvy we think and didn't take
 any vegetables from the surrounding countryside. That's a slightly simplified version of it.
 Well he wouldn't have known of course that that was all cost scurvy. Absolutely. The arrogance
 you get from being royal is really dangerous isn't it. You think you won't get plague.
 You think you don't need vegetables. Do you think it's a therapist that you would ever
 accept a case of a royal? Would it be very fascinating or too daunting? I couldn't possibly
 say what? Oh don't be stupid. Harry no. Don't be dark. Charles the mother of the bar. That's
 the word. He was called Charles the sign until he went to see Fred of the bar. No I haven't
 seen a royal. It's not fun. Therapising very famous people yes because the point of knowing
 very famous people is to gossip about them and you know on pain of death. So it's no
 fun at all. I've always wondered if I I've I'd like to have a therapist but I want to
 I almost feel like this needs therapy in itself. I would want a therapist who I found who is
 a famous therapist. Wow. Yeah. Anyway. I mean we could analyse why you want to see a famous
 therapist but I'm not going to do that in public. Okay. I can give you a clue. He's just obsessed
 with famous people. But it's no it's not that I want I want there's something interesting
 about them being famous and then becoming a therapist. I don't know. There's something
 interesting to me. I'll shorten it. There's something interesting about your projection.
 Yes. There's nothing interesting about the therapist themselves. Yeah. That's right. There
 you go. There we go. Okay. That's done. So that saved you a lot of trouble. Whoa. What's
 this immediate invoice. 5,000. Jesus. We're going to have to do a last square space advert.
 Anyway back to Kings back to Kings. Here's the thing. So this is James. You mentioned
 the the French Revolution. Yes. As it as it as it happened and so after the deaths of
 Louis the 16th wasn't it a marion tonette. There was a there was a son. They had they
 had a son who would have been Louis the 17th who had had very sadly died but this wasn't
 really widely known in France at the time. And there was this spell where dozens of impostors
 came out of the woodwork claiming to be the missing dofan and this this word spread and
 it's this is a really rare word is called the food domino for money. Why that stayed rare.
 Food the phantom any so the funny meaning the and fo meaning false. I think you needn't
 bother with the other. So I just love that and they had and they have varying degrees
 of success. You know some of them were very clearly one of them was Native American and
 just and still managed to succeed actually. He was called Reverend Elias Williams who did
 persuade some people. But yeah. Charles the second of Navarre. He was known as Charles
 the bad. He was sick and he was wrapped from head to toe in bandages soaked in brandy and
 then you might absorb some of that. That would be nice. That'd be a good way of getting getting
 your kicks wouldn't it. But unfortunately he was placed next to an open flame. Oh no.
 They're not bright are they. They're not bright. This French royal family at all. Because
 I think it's fair to not know that vegetables cause scurvy. But I think at that stage everyone
 knew that brandy is flammable. But what I like about him his mother was Joan the second
 who was the Queen of Navarre. And in 1328 she lost the areas of champagne and Bri. Of
 all the areas of France you want to lose. The brandy one. There's so the brother of
 King Richard the third. His death was he was to be executed. And so he asked that as part
 of his execution could he be drowned. But could he be drowned in a barrel of Malmse wine.
 So that was his choice. Yeah. Yeah. I haven't drunk it myself or drowned in it. But that's
 yeah. That was his way out. A legend obviously. Speaking of Kings being dipped in unusual
 liquids. Oh yes. We found our way there. Louis the 18th of France. His death is not interesting
 but his afterlife is fascinating. So he was the first king to be disinfected. His body
 after death. So he was washed with chlorides of lime which slows down decomposition. Okay.
 And it was so he could be presented to the public without odor. And this smell limey if
 anything should be nice. I don't think it's that sort of lime. It's not that kind of lime
 so be careful when you go to a bar. If you say can I have some lime with my gin and tonic.
 Yeah. Yeah. Don't get the one that is not. Oh no. Okay. All right. Oh boy. Anyway. Another
 tragic death. It's not even a French royal. Okay. It is time for fact number three. That
 is Andy. My fact is that the natural history museum's collection of whale bones is so significant.
 They won't tell anyone where it is. So this is this bizarre installation that the natural
 history museum's got. And it's and where is it. I don't know. Tell us. It's secret. It's
 really secret. And they have so valuable about whale bones. Well it's it's an amazing archive
 of all sorts of species. So it's it's not only whales. It's dolphins, porpoises, and
 it's it's one of the most complete collections in the world. And they get a lot of bodies
 postmortem. If there have been whales or dolphins stranded, you know, they get the skeleton
 in the end. And what it means is if you have the skeleton, you can study all kinds of things
 about it. You can study diet. You can study the habitat. I know where they live. They live
 in the sea. I mean, you're not selling it to me this place. Well, which is where this
 guy who set up this place should go back to release some real estate wherever it is made.
 Well the things we do know about it, the secret location, supposedly it's behind a 10 foot
 tall door. So we can assume it's not in old France. But 10 foot tall. Is that because
 some of the bones are just so huge they need to. Oh, I guess so. I mean, no, actually,
 they might be tall and long. But if you put them the other way up, you can get them through
 the door. You know, but it's a good point that the article, which this came from, which
 was a Guardian article in the Journal somewhere around looking to it does not answer the question.
 Why is it secret? As in, okay, great. It's the biggest complete collection and so on.
 Just security. But from who? But no one's going around trying to steal. Maybe the Smithsonian,
 right? Who have the other largest collection. Did you see their collection? No, no. Is that
 secret as well? It's actually, they're a bit more confident. I think they publicly list
 the location. They have more animals. They have more individual animals. So 10,000. And
 they also, this is incredible. They have the largest blue whale jawbone ever found, which
 means that that is the largest bone of any animal ever found on the planet in its entire
 history. Wow. It's bigger than a, oh yeah, because it's bigger than dinosaurs. Blue whales
 the biggest animal ever to have lived. And that's the biggest bone in the biggest animal.
 And they have it. Wow. So cool. And that's, I find that interesting that the biggest bone
 in a whale is its jawbone. Actually, I don't know why I find that interesting, but that
 is good point. Not in humans. Yeah. No, no. Well, it wouldn't be the pelvis on a whale
 would it? On the femur. They've got big purposes though. Have they? Oh yeah. Have they? Oh yeah.
 They have. Oh, their pelvises are so interesting. I thought they sort of tapered off towards
 the end. Well, this thing. My bad. Well, because there's this whole thing that they have visigial
 pelvises, right? These legs that have, when they were walking on land and then they didn't
 need them all. So you can see. They went back in the sea. They went back in the sea. They
 got out of the sea. And then someone said, get in the sea. Yeah. And they went back in
 the sea. I think it was Philippa Perry. But yeah. So the story that I read, and this is
 from 2014, what they've noticed is a correlation between the size of the pelvis and the tessides
 and penis. And they think that with the muscles in between, the pelvis is basically used as
 a maneuvering object for when they're having sex in the sea. It's a thruster. Yeah. It's
 a thruster. It's a gripper. It's a controller. It's a controller. So the more the more convoluted
 the pelvis is, the better control the whale will have over its penis. And that means that
 if it's a, but you can tell how promiscuous the species of whale is by the shape of the
 pelvis. That is fascinating. Because a more convoluted one means more control, which is
 a vantage point. Is that true in the animal kingdom, do you think, like, or in the mammal
 kingdom? Are you just thinking about your own pelvis right now? I can't think of anything
 else. I don't know what that says about me. Yeah. But it's thought to be for sigil, isn't
 it? And this is the thing that we talk about, but they still use it. And also for the female
 whales, they think that it's possibly used for controlling the clitoris, but we can't
 see that because we don't have any of the bones or anything that remain. And we don't
 have scanners in the ocean. So how can we see whales having sex? They're trying to do
 things where they can, you know, mock up CGI, but that hasn't been done yet. Do we know
 how whales have sex? Very, very carefully. No, that's hedgehogs. Sorry. Like most mammals
 would do it doggy style, right? I think it's like that. Yeah. I'm not sure. I mean, one
 of your facts in the first ever episode of fish was about gray whales having sex in threesomes.
 That is true. And there's always, which means there's always a spare penis just flopping.
 I always find that's handy. I was just on this. I was reading the other day. One thing
 with the whales is quite often some of the, a lot of the ones that we have in the museum
 kind of washed up, right? They washed up on the beach and then we collected them and put
 them in museums. Yeah. And this is the thing that humans do, which is when a whale kind
 of goes on a beach, we decide that we need to clean it up. There's a few, lots of different
 reasons. One, they smell terrible, but two, they attract sharks. So if you've got a dead
 whale, sharks love it and you get more sharks in the area. But I was reading an article
 in what's that magazine that we all like online. It's about the sea. Okay. And they were saying
 that basically a beached whale was a really important ecosystem. Before humans used to
 take them all away. In 2020, there was a whale that washed up in, on a Dutch island and they
 left it there and they found it was visited by 57 species of beetle. And 21 of them had
 never been seen in that area before. So they just kind of came out of the woodwork and
 like got on this. And in Russia, they found a whale on the, in the north coast and they
 found that 180 polar bears were eating on this single carcass. But of course now, as
 soon as a whale gets washed up, we get rid of it. And it means that all these animals
 don't have the massive bounty that they would have otherwise had.
 Because it, yeah, it is amazing. Even not on land, but in the ocean, when a whale dies
 and it falls to the bottom, that's the beginning of a new city, basically. It's an extraordinary
 thing. You get every kind of life coming and living there. It's like dropping a skyscraper
 down.
 How long do blue whales live? The biggest creatures? Is it 200 or 300 years?
 It's a long time, isn't it?
 I think it's well over a hundred. Yeah. Yeah. Why? I'm just interested. Usually, the larger
 an animal is, the longer it lives, right? Generally speaking.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And there are, we've, we, I think we've said before, there are some whales alive today
 that were alive before Moby Dick was written.
 Blind.
 Right.
 That was a really interesting thing about whales, which is that they have more cells,
 so you think they would get more cancer. And you would think that the bigger an animal is,
 the more cancer it should get, because it has more cells that could go wrong, but that
 doesn't happen. And we're not sure why.
 Maybe we need to study the bones and find out.
 Yes.
 If only we could find this.
 If only we had a depository of a massive amount of whale bones somewhere.
 Can I tell you, this is, this is pretty on topic for me. I found an article, headlined,
 whale bones, the world's most endangered bryophyte habitat, bryophytes is another word for mosses.
 And it is an article in the British bryological society journal. I love this. This is by a
 guy called Jeff Duckett, right?
 It was written a while ago now. And he says, however many times you've seen them, there
 is always a certain enchantment at finding members of the black naceae on dung pellets
 and rotting cadavers.
 This is a particular family of mosses. The stimulus for my present study was the chance
 discovery of tetrapodon manoidese growing on a decades old whale skeleton, the centerpiece
 in an Icelandic garden. What was, what was initially supposedly a bryophyte free holiday
 on Iceland then turned into a systematic search for mosses on whale bones.
 Imagine his wife. She's like, we're going to go to Iceland. There can't be any moss
 in Iceland.
 He's like Poirot, where Poirot always goes on holiday and none of that happens.
 There's a murder.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Oh my God.
 Can I get down my favorite book?
 Please.
 Wow. I can get a favorite book.
 Oh.
 Whales bones.
 Wow.
 We've mentioned this very briefly on the podcast before, but it's called Whales Bones of the
 British Isles. And like we only mentioned it a couple of hundred episodes ago. So I think
 it's right for a retread. Oh, it was episode 28.
 So please can I mention this a second time.
 It's by Nicholas Redmond and his son and they are a father and son team. They spent 30 years
 traveling the UK just finding whale bone arches. This was a huge thing in the 19th century.
 You'd make an arch out of a whale's jawbone and they used to be a very famous one in Edinburgh.
 It's sort of solo standing that was sort of like out, out in the field or a pub sign.
 Look at that. The signboard of this public house in Downham is supported by a whale's
 jawbone.
 Wow.
 They were.
 They are big, those jawbones.
 They're massive.
 They were used for fencing.
 And that picture that you showed was the jawbone went to the just above the height of the actual
 pub itself.
 Yeah.
 So that's how tall it is for someone who's imagining it.
 Yeah.
 And the fence posts and crane hoist supports, I'm just reading a list of different users
 now, footstools, milking stools, benches, stepping stones.
 Amazing material.
 Yeah.
 So and yeah, this is just this book is such a labour of love.
 This is why the bit of the museum that houses the Whales Bones has to be top secret because
 it's such useful material.
 Yes.
 We'll start building houses out of them if we find where it is.
 This secret room.
 So the person who runs the secret room or at least as the head curator who seems to be
 asked about a lot is Richard Saban.
 And I actually met Richard years ago.
 I went for a tour of the natural history.
 Where?
 Where?
 Yes.
 Exactly.
 An industrial state off the M1 that he just by chance wanted to meet you at.
 Where?
 Where?
 That door.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show and that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is that Gerard Manley Hopkins once had nothing to drink for a week for a
 bet.
 He only stopped when his tongue went black.
 Good.
 He did that at school, I think.
 He did.
 Yeah.
 And he went to school high gay.
 High gay.
 Yeah.
 And he had more liquids than the body needed.
 Everyone was drinking too much.
 That's why he decided.
 And people said, no, no, what do you mean by that?
 And he really stuck by his guns and he said, no, I reckon I can go without any liquids
 for at least a week.
 Okay.
 So he did this bet with one of the other boys and not only his tongue went black, but he
 also collapsed and, you know, in the middle of a, you know, pee.
 Yeah.
 Pee would be the time you would collapse.
 Yeah.
 Absolutely.
 And the headmaster who was called John Bradley Dine, he sort of really punished him and he
 was forced to return the money, you know, because he got, they guys said, well, you
 know, you've done pretty well, so I'm going to give you the money, but he was forced to
 give it back.
 And he complained that he was being punished more than the other boy because not the other
 boy, they both got punished, but he also had to give the money back and just made the headmaster
 hate him even more.
 And he got, you know, he had a bit of a bad time at high gay.
 Um, it was a very original thinker and, uh, authority, like many teachers don't like
 that.
 They just want obedient children that don't ask too many questions and, uh, I expect he
 really irritated all his teachers because he was probably cleverer than they were.
 Yeah.
 But the thing with the liquids, yeah, isn't there a theory that if you ever have a pee
 or that shows you've been drinking too much, I said, no, no, no, you know, every time you
 have a pee, you're like, oh, you know what, I should have cut down on drinking earlier.
 Your pee should look like champagne, not stewed tea.
 Yeah.
 Whereas if you're not drinking very much, it will look like stewed tea.
 Mine is in cubes.
 Is that a problem?
 It's probably a problem when you're squeezing it out.
 I should think.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 No.
 So he didn't think that he just thought people, it's a weird thing to decide that people
 are drinking too much.
 Yeah.
 Well, it would have been just a school argument that got out of hand, right?
 Yeah.
 That's all that.
 He did the same thing with salt, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 He had stayed from salt for a week for the same reason he wanted to show.
 Yeah.
 But what I think this shows is that he could steer his mind rather than just go with the
 flow and not be thoughtful and not be influenced.
 He could decide where he wanted to go in life rather than just be blown about in the wind.
 And these experiments who are doing, I think they're wonderful experiments to sort of,
 what can I do?
 What can my body do?
 What am I capable of?
 Yeah.
 Should we say who he is?
 Just quickly.
 Yeah.
 Because Philip, you're a fan, aren't you?
 Yeah, I did him for A level.
 I got a crush.
 And I bet he was gay, actually.
 I was just thinking about this now and I'm feeling slightly disappointed that I wouldn't
 have stood a chance.
 I'm afraid from the research he absolutely was, yeah.
 Oh, damn.
 Just quickly.
 He's like a really, really famous Victorian poet.
 Oh, yeah.
 He's a friend of Robert Bridges.
 Yeah.
 Another poet.
 Yeah.
 That's right.
 And he was sort of like late 19th century, wasn't he?
 Yeah.
 And I realise that's a very famous poet.
 And he invented something called sprung rhythm, which is, "I caught this morning's morning's
 minion dappled dawn drawn high there on a wimpling whim."
 Do you see what I mean?
 Yeah.
 You dance.
 The words dance.
 It's sort of...
 And where did you go there in terms of, if I was reading that on the page, am I on a
 third line or was that one line?
 I can't remember.
 Right, but...
 But it's not a big pentameter where you've got five feet, ba-bum, ba-bum, ba-bum, ba-bum,
 ba-bum.
 Yeah.
 Ba-bum, ba-bum, ba-bum, ba-bum.
 It can go on forever and seems to fly like the birds he's talking about.
 Yeah.
 It's very jazzy.
 Yeah.
 And I was very taken with it as a keen A level student and he made me cry.
 I loved him so much.
 It was just so beautiful.
 And he never got to see any of it because he wasn't published until post his death, 30
 years after his death.
 He never got fangirled by me, which is probably quite glad to have him.
 He was very slightly Hawaiian.
 Really?
 Tell me more.
 Well, he had a strong Hawaiian connection in his life, basically.
 He wasn't personally Hawaiian himself.
 His uncle used to live there, right?
 Look, can you let me tell the story again?
 Right.
 He just had a lot of pineapple in his throat.
 He had a favourite pizza.
 His dad was the Hawaiian Consul General in London.
 Okay.
 So, and you write, Dan, yes, his uncle Charles had moved to Hawaii, but had fully learned
 the language and had established an Anglican bishopric in Honolulu.
 So I think he had lived there and then I think his father, who was called Manny Hopkins,
 that was his dad's name.
 Yeah.
 The son was Gerald Manny Hopkins, must have visited and been and, you know, sort of become
 the representative.
 I just think that's cool.
 You don't think of that with Manny Hopkins, you know.
 Well, because his family were Protestant, like you say, but then he just decided he
 was going to become Roman Catholic, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 And he was already writing some amazing poetry at that time, but when he became Roman Catholic,
 he decided to burn it all.
 Oh, yeah.
 This was, I'm just going to get rid of everything, I'm just going to stop becoming a poet, I'm
 just going to never do any poetry, I'm going to get rid of all my poetry.
 Yeah.
 I just don't understand that split with his parents because his parents sound really
 cool because they encouraged his original thinking.
 And his mother was unusually highly educated for the time and also encouraged him.
 And do you think he went Roman Catholic because that's easier to be gay so you don't have
 to get married like you might if you're an angry connoisseur?
 We do know that he went, so like when he converted, he was trying to come home to see his family
 and so on for Christmases and stuff like that.
 And there are letters that sort of show that he would write to his dad saying, "Is it okay
 that I come back to the house?"
 And the suggestion...
 What causes these changes?
 Yeah, because the worry was that, and this was the condition, "Yes, you can come home,
 but absolutely by and of no means can you convert your brothers and sisters to your religion."
 So he had to promise he would not do that when he came back home.
 So it wasn't a complete rift as I'd been led to believe?
 It might have turned into that, but certainly for the first two Christmases after this letter,
 he was allowed to go back home and do that.
 You have to wear a lei, like everyone else at Christmas, you have to say hello to her,
 like all the rest of us.
 Oh, I know who's running a bit short.
 Can I just say about when he burned everything?
 So he burned everything at the age of 24, as in everything he wrote before the age of
 24, he burned.
 And it was as you say, James, because he got faith.
 And he gave up creativity because he couldn't reconcile his faith with his creativity.
 So he gave up writing for seven years and became a Jesuit.
 But what's the one thing you would do before becoming a Jesuit?
 So one thing that's not allowed.
 You want to have one last crazy blowout?
 Have a wank?
 Well, yeah.
 He did like orgasm.
 You can see a lot of metaphor for sort of orgasm things in the poem.
 Are there?
 We'll get back to yours in a second.
 He used to note that in his diary, there was a secret code, he used to say OH, which was
 old habits.
 And the old habits was…
 Having a wank.
 Having a wank.
 So he might have just been saying, oh.
 So what did he do before surfing?
 He ate a bit of fruit.
 No.
 He visited Switzerland, which banned Jesuits from entering the country.
 So he took his opportunity to visit Switzerland, which might be code as well, for actually
 saying it now.
 It sounds like code.
 Visited Switzerland again this morning.
 Oh, I can't yodel.
 His big first poem, really sort of the one that he's largely known for these days.
 I know.
 I know.
 Wreck of the Deutschland.
 That's it.
 Correct.
 Yeah.
 So he wrote that.
 It was based on a shipwreck from the 1800s, 1875, and he was inspired by a group of nuns
 who were on the shipwreck who sort of prayed to God as they were going down, and that gave
 him the inspiration.
 And he, as part of writing it, created this amazing new technique in poetry, which it
 was called--
 Sprung rhythm.
 Sprung rhythm.
 And so he sent it.
 He sent it into a Jesuit magazine called The Month to have it published, and they rejected
 it.
 No.
 And the article I was reading just had this really nice little sort of nugget of fact,
 which is that something that did make it into the Jesuit magazine as a poem was written
 by someone, a student, who identified himself as O-F-O, apostrophe F-W-W.
 Any idea who that could be?
 Gosh.
 O-O-F-O.
 O-O-F-O.
 F-W-W sounds like something to do with W-W-F.
 Nice.
 Well, wrestling.
 Wrestling Federation.
 Yeah, yeah.
 As a wrestler as Hulk Hogan.
 No, it's not.
 So it's Oscar, Fingle, O Flattery, Wills, Wild.
 It was Oscar Wilde's first ever published poem that made it into the Jesuit.
 Yeah.
 That's very nice.
 Yeah.
 Lovely.
 Dan, I think you said Flattery instead of Flaherty.
 Oh, did I?
 Sorry.
 Flaherty.
 Yeah.
 Flaherty will get you nowhere.
 I really hope someone gave Oscar Wilde a fun little sign for his house saying, "Flaherty
 will get you nowhere."
 For the loo or something.
 It's just so cute.
 Oh, Flaherty.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 So that was the Jesuit.
 Sorry, that was the hinge moment at which Oscar Wilde got his break and Hawkins didn't.
 Yeah.
 And I think he wrote, was published until 30 years after he died.
 That's sort of true.
 It's sort of the slightly untrue because Robert Bridges.
 So who's that?
 Robert Bridges.
 He was an established poet.
 I think they met as fellows at Oxford or something.
 Yeah.
 And he was someone who Manly Hopkins would go to in order to impress and say, "Can you
 help me out?"
 And he read this amazing poem that we were just talking about, The Wreck.
 And he was like, "I don't want to read that again.
 That was painful.
 That was really hard."
 He sort of post-death became a champion of him.
 And so he thought the writing style was so difficult that Hopkins was doing that he would
 publish six poems as a sort of teaser taster just to get you used to the rhythms of this
 guy before publishing his collected works 30 years after his death.
 So there was a sort of like, you know, like putting out like a trailer episode of podcasts.
 Yeah.
 You know, it was kind of like that.
 He was also friends with Christina Rossetti, wasn't he?
 Oh, yeah.
 Hopkins.
 Yeah.
 And she wrote in the Bleak Midwinter, for instance.
 And I read one interesting poem.
 You made it sound like that was what she liked to write.
 She wrote the Da Vinci Code, but it was in the book.
 But she, I read this about her, which is really interesting, that she had a habit of stooping
 up to pick up stray pieces of paper in the street in case they had the Lord's name on
 them.
 Nice.
 Kind of.
 So there's a bit of paper and she's like, "Well, I don't want it blowing away if it says
 Jesus on it.
 I'm just going to pick it up just in case."
 She was the first person to collect those shopping lists that people make blogs out
 of.
 And she didn't like that.
 So she goes, "Oh, no.
 I'm just looking for Jesus."
 Do you want to hear a few words that Hopkins invented?
 Please.
 Yes.
 It's good.
 "Inscape," which is the essential quality of something, of anything really.
 Yeah.
 You know, the essence of it.
 Yeah.
 When kittenfishers catch fire, meaning when you see that sort of flash of their color,
 meaning that was deep in the core of them, and then it rippled out into the world, but
 it sort of came from their essence.
 Yeah.
 "Inscape" is sort of like the essence of a thing.
 Nice.
 He also coined the word "stressy."
 Stressy.
 Yeah.
 But he used it to mean, poetically, that it's characterized by stress and rhythm on the
 words.
 Oh, yeah.
 Brilliant.
 That's good.
 And no one, he wrote it in private correspondence.
 So he wrote it well before anyone else said, "I'm feeling really stressy today."
 Has anyone ever said that?
 I don't think I've ever said "stressy," actually.
 Don't be so stressy.
 Don't be so stressy.
 I think I have.
 People say it to me all the time.
 Yeah.
 The effect you have.
 Yeah.
 "Shivlight," that's another word by him.
 "Shivlight."
 "Shivlight," so S-H-I-V-E light.
 So it might be "shivlight" or "shivlight" in pronunciation.
 Does that mean "shimmery" or something?
 It's really beautiful.
 You know when you're walking through a wood and the sunlight passes through a tree and
 it breaks the beams, that's a shivlight.
 The shivlight you see, what breaks through the beams, and "silian" is another word that
 he came up with.
 It's the act of plowing a field and it's the sort of rich soil, the shiny soil that
 you get on a newly plowed field.
 If he had something that he felt so deeply about that language could not describe, he
 just made his own language up for it.
 So cool.
 Very cool.
 With his poems, I've had to have like a little glossary at the end to tell you what it means
 or would it be clear?
 It's only in the A-level notes, which I deeply relied on.
 Right, that is what, yeah.
 His love life is very sad and thwarted, basically, because he seems to have been gay in love
 with one man who died very tragically young and then never really recovered from that.
 He was in love with a young man called Digby McWorth Dolbin, who I just, I like this fact
 about him, so I like it so much.
 He was expelled from Eton.
 Can you guess what for?
 Wanking?
 No.
 It's not always the answer.
 But it will be.
 It will be.
 It will be.
 How are you on mastermind, that cycle?
 Dissort.
 Clean that chair.
 Dig started.
 I need to finish.
 What was it?
 Digby McWorth Dolbin, he was expelled from Eton.
 He's never going to get it in a million years for wandering the countryside dressed as a
 medieval monk.
 That's right.
 Shoeless.
 That's so sweet.
 I know.
 Isn't it?
 I can see why you fancied him.
 Yeah.
 It was sort of like imaginary world living in, a little bit poetic, flowing robes.
 Yeah.
 I know.
 And Hopkins confessed his love to his confessor because I think he was a fair bit older than
 Dolbin.
 And the confessor said, "Well, you can't have any contact with him except by letter."
 Oh.
 That's practically the same text as him now, isn't it?
 Oh.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 And then Dolbin tragically drowned just two years later, he was age 19.
 So young.
 It's really sad.
 Oh.
 That was a bit of a creepy age gap, actually, but you know.
 Yeah.
 I was sort of glossing over that.
 I think it's having more doom to romantic.
 Yeah.
 I'm sure we have enough.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Can somebody read us just one poem?
 Come on.
 Sounds like you can.
 Well, I do have one.
 Spring and fall, to a young child, Margaret, are you grieving over golden grove, unleaving
 leaves like the things of man you with your fresh thoughts care for?
 Can you?
 Oh, as the heart grows older, it will come to such sites colder, by and by, nor spare
 a sigh, though worlds of one wood leaf meal lie, and yet you will weep and know why.
 Now no matter child the name, sorrow springs are the same, nor mouth had, nor mind expressed,
 what heart heard of, ghost guessed.
 It is the blight man was born for.
 It is Margaret you mourn for.
 OK, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that have been said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 @Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 And @Philipa.
 @Philipa_Perry, I think.
 I'm not sure.
 It might just be @PhilipaPerry.
 No, it's @Philipa_Perry.
 OK.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing, or our website, NoSuchThing
 isafish.com, all of our previous episodes are up there, and do make sure, more important
 than anything else, to look out for the future book of Philip Perrie.
 Let's see if she can remember what it's called.
 The book you wish everyone you love would read, and some of those you don't.
 That won't be published for months.
 No, not until October the 20th.
 Yeah.
 In the meantime, you could buy the book you wish you'll-- Oh, fuck, I can't remember.
 The book you wish your parents had read.
 And your children would be glad that they did.
 That you did.
 That you did.
 Fuck!
 It's a long time since I've done any publicity for that one.
 That's fine.
 Rice Babies will also be available this coming fall, by me, Dan Shriber.
 Otherwise, come back next week, we're going to have another episode.
 Another guest.
 We'll see you then.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 Bye.
