 [MUSIC]
 Hello Club Fischer's, welcome to this week's Little Fish.
 But before any further ado, Dan, we have a message.
 We do indeed.
 We have a live show coming up very excitingly.
 It is in Sweden at the Lund Comedy Festival.
 Yes, the Lund Comedy Festival in Sweden.
 And it's on Saturday the 29th of August, my brother's birthday at 7pm.
 So sorry, John, I won't be coming to your birthday because I will be in Lund.
 But John, if you want to get a ticket, James, I'm afraid, will not give you a comp.
 But there is a pre-sale for Club Fischer members, and it starts today.
 Monday the 23rd of March at 10am.
 That's 9am Swedish time.
 Yeah, he's not a Club Fischer member anyway.
 Visit nosesthingsaffish.com/lund
 to get your tickets and hurry before General Sail opens at the end of the week.
 On with the podcast.
 On with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish.
 My name is Andrew Hunter Murray, and I'm here with Dan Friba and James Harkin, and we are
 going to go through your facts from the last seven days.
 Four facts have been flooding into the fish inbox podcast at qi.com, and now we're going
 to tell you some of the best ones.
 Who's got a fact?
 Okay, I've got one.
 This is from Henry Bix.
 Henry says that in 2016, a Gothenburg man apologized for removing a giant snow penis
 by replacing it with a much larger snow penis, and this has led to a spin-off tradition
 and even a new political party.
 Oh, okay, some questions, so many questions.
 Is that a sincere apology replacing a penis with a much larger snow penis?
 Yeah, because he was apologizing for removing the original one.
 Right.
 Oh, I see.
 Okay.
 Next question.
 I'm sorry, the man in the beanie hat.
 Thank you.
 The penis, just a bit more on that, please.
 Is it a vertical standing with two testes or what are we talking?
 Okay, so the original was a flat drawing.
 It was done on a river in Gothenburg, and the government couldn't remove it until the
 weather changed because the ice was too thin.
 And then a local company helped out by getting a giant brush that they used to clean windows
 on tall buildings, and they brushed it out.
 Now, people on the internet then got really, really mad because they thought that the government
 had been spending taxpayers' dollars rubbing out this penis, and they set up Facebook
 pages saying this is disgusting.
 And the man who did it, who wasn't from the government, he was just doing what he thought
 was a good deed, and then said, okay, fine.
 And he went into the north of the country, got a couple of massive snowblowers, and then
 drew an enormous penis on the ground, which was 70 metres in length.
 And the tradition, the new tradition, these are 3D penises, which are on a roundabout in
 a place called Boulouse.
 Okay.
 I think it's a good use of taxpayers' money to get rid of an enormous penis that someone's
 drawn on the ground.
 Do you know?
 Call me "captain government".
 But you know, there isn't a magical money tree, Andy, who's not getting that money.
 I think that's one of the core functions of a government, if I'm honest.
 It's like, defense, absolutely, comes first, second, remove snow penises, third, in short
 prosperity, those are my two top priorities, and that's my political party.
 Yeah.
 Why is there a political party?
 The political party is the people who are started doing this tradition in the town of
 Boulouse, and they, the political thing, you know, they do put up this penis, but actually
 they're kind of an art collective, and they started a political party to see how easy
 it would be to set up a political party, which is like an art thing, but then part of
 the art thing is also making these giant sculptures.
 I should say that the information that I got all of this additional stuff from is a YouTuber
 called Edland Art, who did an amazing video about it.
 Very cool.
 Very nice.
 There's a drawing of a penis on the moon, as well, which blow it up, is low, it up.
 I think it's big enough already, Andy, I don't think you need to blow it up.
 This was the moon museum, sure you guys have heard of it, so it was left up there by
 Apollo 12, and it was a group of artists.
 So there was David Novoross, John Chamberlain, but Andy Warhol was one of them.
 And it's this tiny little, it looks like almost like a chip that you would put into a camera,
 and it's got little bits of art on it.
 And Andy Warhol drew a penis.
 And I think at the time he justified saying that it was a W and an A. And if you're being
 very generous, it kind of does look like that, but really it's a, it's a cock and bulls
 drawing.
 Okay.
 Well, that will be useful if the aliens come.
 There will know what to expect when they arrive in Sweden.
 Okay, here's one from Magnus Silverwood.
 Magnus writes, "My fact is that Jupiter is not mostly composed of gas, but is in fact largely
 liquid hydrogen covered by gas clouds.
 And what Magnus finds really interesting about this, which is unbelievably fascinating because
 of the coincidence, is how we found this out.
 1995, the spacecraft Galileo entered the orbit of Jupiter for the first time, just in time
 to witness what has been estimated as a one in six thousand year event, the collision
 of the comet Schumacher levy nine, as it crashed into the surface of Jupiter.
 So the collision threw up a lot of debris into the atmosphere, the composition of which
 that was studied.
 And they also opened a small observation window beneath the clouds so that they could
 see what was going on down there as the smoke was coming up.
 Yeah.
 And they found out that it's not an enormous image of a penis.
 Oh, God, they've got their own tiresome art collectors on Jupiter, have they?
 But as a result, that is incredible.
 That is incredible.
 Yeah.
 They got to see this extraordinary thing though, one in six thousand and that's the story
 of how we discovered that.
 And Galileo, that, that mission itself was a very interesting mission because they confirmed
 for the first time that there was life on earth.
 And that was, as Galileo was flying away from us, Carl Sagan, who was part of the project,
 asked for it to be turned around and have all the instruments face earth and take a reading.
 And the reading it took showed signs of life on our planet.
 And that might sound silly, but it served a major scientific purpose.
 It showed us what you would be looking for if you were looking for life on a planet.
 It could measure oxygen and methane in earth's atmosphere.
 It spotted a steep cliff in the infrared spectrum of sunlight reflecting off the planet.
 And it had this red edge to it, which indicated the presence of vegetation.
 It picked up radio transmissions that were coming from the surface to show that there
 must be an intelligent life that were manufacturing artificial sounds and so on.
 So, what, yeah, was it up?
 1995 was the mission.
 Yeah.
 I was just thinking what radio they might, they'd have got the archers.
 Yes.
 They would have got a scape and John, maybe.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, if they were listening to the right music channel, boom, boom, boom, let me say whale.
 That would have been in the air.
 Not the best musical moment to be discovering earth, but here's one.
 This came in from Karen Gopter.
 So thank you very much, Karen.
 It's that the Indian Republic Day Parade held in New Delhi features 1,270 kilos of boneless
 chicken.
 Really?
 There's lots of people there and they need to eat.
 It's not for people.
 It's not for people.
 It's not these 1,200 kilos of boneless chicken are not for people.
 And did they leave it on, did they put it on the side of the town so that all of the
 wild animals go out to eat the chicken and they don't get in the way of the parade?
 Very good.
 You've got it.
 Oh.
 Nice.
 You've got it.
 The chicken is spread out, says Karen, at specific locations, to attract black kites and
 prevent bird strikes because they're a load of planes that do the parade and they're also
 a load of black kites in Delhi and they fly at roughly the height that they might go into
 one of the engines and ruin everyone's day and ruin another wise happy parade.
 And so they have been putting out lots and lots of meat.
 They used to do buffalo but they've recently changed the recipe to chicken.
 Can I ask are these kites really picky eaters that they don't like to eat chicken with bones
 in it?
 What a good point.
 I don't know.
 I think it, I did look it up a bit and it has to be in pieces of a specific size.
 It's interesting because I would have thought that they would just eat animals normally,
 right?
 They would eat little bowls or something and they definitely have bones in them.
 Yeah, you're right.
 I think it's, I don't know what the reason is.
 I guess they can't just say we'll just throw up any old, any old shite for them because
 this is the, you know, it's a big republic-day parade.
 It's going to be, every element of it has to be meticulous.
 And also, like, you need to put something really nice for the kites.
 You can't just put, like, some chicken thighs out there because they'll be like, "Oh, yeah,
 we could get that anywhere."
 No, no, no.
 Oh, but look, it's the amazing, boneless stuff we can put in there.
 Boneless jerk rubbed out.
 I don't know what I'm talking about with a chicken recipe.
 I don't even have chicken.
 But I think it's quite meaningful that it's chickens because, of course, they can't fly.
 And yet they, with their sacrifice, are allowing the aerial parade to happen.
 So in a sense, they can, I think chickens can fly a little bit, can't they?
 Come on.
 Not much.
 Not much, but they could, like, you know, if you throw them in the air, they will flap as they
 fall.
 I believe that if you have chickens and you have a building like a shed and it's like two
 metres tall, they can get onto it, I reckon.
 Really?
 I think so.
 Yeah, I think that's right.
 They can sort of flutter upwards.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, they can, they've, they've-
 I mean, not like-
 Not the ones that, like, Bernard Matthews is fed to within each of their lives, like those
 guys can't do much.
 No.
 Very interesting.
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 What's the highest you've ever seen a chicken fly, podcast@QI.com?
 Why do I do it to myself?
 It is.
 Okay.
 Here is a fact from Jennifer Neal and Jennifer writes about species of fungi found in the
 Hungarian at few gardens that does not grow naturally anywhere else in the world.
 Cool.
 Riddle, maybe.
 Yes!
 Tototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototototot.
 Okay.
 I love our little mystical riddles.
 It doesn't grow.
 It's like there is a paradoxical, is it a paradoxical, paradoxical, paradoxical frog?
 That's it. There's born figure.
 Yeah.
 Then it grows.
 It grows.
 It's like the female gives birth to this enormous tadpole.
 Yeah.
 And then when it turns into a frog, you get smaller.
 Well, it's not.
 It's not.
 It's not irritating for the mum.
 And this is a clue.
 It is.
 This fungus is called golf bolia ampusta.
 The reason that it doesn't grow anywhere is because it is an actual golf ball.
 It's a golf ball that has been burnt and it was sent to Q Gardens in 1952 from Lancashire as a joke.
 I think actually, like, to be honest, it's not certain whether the people who found it thought it was a joke or whether they thought it was an actual fungus.
 But definitely the guy who took it in was called RWG Dennis, who is the head of mycology at the Royal Botanic Gardens.
 And certainly he was in on a joke of giving it an official name and describing it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 He's a fun guy.
 He's described it.
 Oh, my god.
 Oh, my god.
 Sorry.
 I couldn't help that.
 I'm really sorry.
 I'm warning to it.
 I feel like I would have to hand back my comedy gun and bad to if I didn't make that joke.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Absolutely.
 But he described it in an official paper as small, hard, but elastic spears enjoyed by the Caledonians in certain tribal rights.
 And he was one making a joke, but two kind of making a point that there was no definition of what a mushroom was at that time.
 And some mycologists, so people who've studied mushrooms, said that a fungus should be anything that's studied by mycologists.
 As in if we study it, it's just automatically a fungus because it was so hard to define.
 And he said, well, you can't really do that because if you do that, then I'm going to call this golf ball a fungus.
 And what I'm really interested in is that it was sent from Lancashire and I have played most golf courses in Lancashire.
 I would say, but I can't for the life of me find out which golf costs it's from this ball.
 And I'm just really excited to find out what that's why I'm really interested in.
 Yeah.
 Feels like you missed the point of the whole story.
 Sorry. I got another one here. This is from Brian Simpson, the band, the postal service was sent a cease and desist letter from the United States Postal Service.
 But we're then allowed to keep the name after agreeing to perform for the USPS.
 I actually used to listen to this band. They had one album. It was a sort of super group. The lead singer was from the band Death Cab for Cutie.
 And the reason that they were called the postal service is because that's how the album was created.
 One of them would put a bed of music down.
 One of them would write a note, E sharp.
 Is there an E sharp?
 No, there's no box of all the notes you could have gone far. God damn it. F sharp.
 You'd wait for a return of post. Is that how they did it? Yeah.
 That's exactly how they did. You've been reading the notes. Yeah.
 Yeah. No. So they had, they just had conflicting schedules. So they were sent it to each other through the post.
 It was slightly knowing when it was revealed that they didn't in fact use the US Postal Service as their method of posting but used others like FedEx and the United Parcel Service.
 But yeah, so they got sent the cease and desist letter. They went and met up with them and they agreed that if they would play at their national executive conference in Washington DC, then they would be allowed to use the name.
 They'd struck up a good relationship then the band CDs were then sold on the USPS official website. So they got a lot of publicity off the back of this moment.
 So yeah, the lead singer's married to Zoe Deschanel. There's a little bonus fact there.
 The reason his band's called Death Cap for Cutie is that was a song by the Bonzo Dog Doodar band and it was performed in magical mystery tour, the Beatles film. Always comes back to the Beatles.
 Yeah, because when you are talking down.
 I got one. Yeah, this is from Nick's size. I thought you might find it interesting. He writes that the French learned how to make the nuclear bomb by playing 20 questions with American scientists.
 No way. So basically America's got the nuclear bomb. France doesn't. American law forbids America from sharing nuclear secrets. But they're both allies. I think this is after NATO has set up.
 So the American wants France to have the bomb, but legally they can't say this is how you make a nuclear bomb. So instead they use this system called negative guidance where the French would say he is what we're doing. And the Americans would say hotter, colder, or don't do that.
 That basically they just sort of reverse guided them to having a nuclear bomb. It's not crazy. And you can do that in 20 questions. It doesn't seem likely. Exactly. No more than 20.
 Because like you use the first one up with like animal vegetable or mineral. So like that something 19 after that.
 Yeah, but you know the mineral, which is uranium. So you're laughing. It feels like they probably had the plans, but they had to go through the diplomatic process of asking 20 questions. Don't hang up on the 20 thing. I think they were probably allowed a few extensions to the 20.
 Yeah, I think so. The 20,000 France got to the end of the 20 questions. And the Americans were like, oh, well, that's a shame. Sorry. The West nuclear umbrella will just have to have a little panel missing, won't it? Oh, well.
 Okay, here is one last one from me. This is from Matsuza. And Matsuza writes that my significant other. This is Matsuza.
 I think that's another. That's not a technician who just inform me of a fact you all might enjoy there exists online courses to become a certified rat tickler.
 And this is amazing. There's basically tickling rats is a very important thing in science because the pathways in rats brains are very similar to the pathways in humans brains, especially when you're being tickled.
 Whenever they want to do any tickle science, then they do it on rats first. And rats absolutely love it. And they're, you know, if you're a rat tickler, you only need to walk into a room and all the rats are going to jump around going, oh, my God, the rat tickler's here. We can't wait to be tickled.
 James, are you about to tell us that you have completed this course and become a certified rat tickler?
 Because I'll be so happy if you have.
 I've only wished that I thought of it. No, I think it probably takes a bit longer than we had in the day and a half since you said this fight so far.
 How hard could it be to tickler rats? I was like, they're up for a tickle.
 We all, all of us should have, you know how people who chase meteorites, they get a report that ones landed and they just have to go immediately to go and find it.
 They all have a bag ready at the door for these moments. I think we need the equivalent where it's like rat tickling course available. We're recording tomorrow.
 See you, honey, out the door. Sorry, Paulina, the Harkin signal is in the sky.
 That ticklers need me.
 Right. That is enough of your facts. Let's have some facts being dished out to you.
 Because if you join Clubfish, which is our members club on Patreon, at the highest tier, which is friend of the podcast, then you will get a shout out on the show and we will allocate you a fact and send you a certificate confirming that you are forever the custodian of this fact.
 So we're going to do a bunch of those now. If you want to check it out, go to patreon.com/clubfish. You can join at any of the tiers and there's great stuff on all of them, frankly. But let's have some custodians who wants to go first.
 I will. Okay. This one is now under the custodianship of Melinda Redriksen. Melinda, your fact is that in Kentucky, in March 1876, it rained mutton tasting meat.
 Lovely. Lovely. I think what happened was it was fed to a load of black kites and they were like, what's this disgusting stuff? And just spat it out over this time.
 No, I don't remember. I think basically what happened was this so-called mutton tasting meat fell down to earth and we still don't know what it was.
 And it could be that some frogs were sort of sucked up in a water spout and then flowed over sort of wisdom of our style and then landed in this place in Kentucky and then people at the frog and thought, oh, this tastes a bit like mutton.
 Or it could have been something else. We don't really know what it was. No, you're right. We'll never know. But I do love it. I love the fact.
 I'll do another fact now. This goes out now to grapefruit street. Congratulations, grapefruit street. This is your fact.
 It is that Victorian inventor, Peter Halkett, invented a coat which doubled up as a boat. Yes. Love this.
 And it could take eight people. He could fit eight people in his boat coat. It's amazing. It's like a modern day Noah, you know.
 Yes. And if it's eight people, I think you can fit Mrs. Noah and Hath Shem and Jeffeth.
 Right. Someone dropped out before the third Noah child, James. Where were you in Sunday school?
 And three of their friends. So they can all bring their girlfriends or their wives if they like.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Shame about the animals, but I'm sure some of them can swim. And see you later, everybody.
 It was a boat all the time. Not as the coat. Eat it.
 Oh, happy days. Here's another one. This one goes out to Hayden Freeman. Congratulations, Hayden. Your fact forever is now that in 18th century France,
 tooth pullers were entertainers, one fired a gun while pulling teeth with his head in a bag.
 That was a fact about ancient dentistry. Amazing. Great. Yes. I remember this fact. There were all sorts of wacky tricks.
 Was it because we didn't have any of the anesthetic? So it was a sort of distraction.
 I don't think it was for the patient's benefit. I'll say that much. I think it was to draw crowds.
 They went from town to town, didn't they? And they would sort of turn up and say, I'm here.
 Who needs a tooth? Pull it out. And they'd also sell the kind of the bombs and and quack medicines and stuff.
 Yeah. Yeah. So they're just trying to get people in really. And also like you've got someone screaming because you haven't given them any anesthetic.
 You've got to distract the crowd somehow from that. Yeah. And you can do that by shooting a stranger on the other side of the crowd.
 Seeing this guy isn't as much as that guy. Yeah. You could be worse off. Look at him.
 Okay. Here is another fact. This one is now under the custodianship of Adam Webb.
 And the fact is that in the first world war, the Romanian army issued an order saying that only officers above the rank of major had the rights were eyeshadow in battle.
 Very strict. I think we kind of looked at the use of makeup in history in the army and the fact that men used to wear makeup a lot more than women and also stuff like that.
 Yeah. Actors used to wear green makeup in films. Am I making that up? Do you remember early days of Hollywood?
 Yeah. Black and white films. Yeah. Yeah. Well, that's great. And that's why the Armenians who fought on good question.
 Side. I think they fought an act because Hungary would not on our side where they so I assume that the Armenians who bought a hungry probably were and the England Romania joined the allied powers.
 Yeah. They were on our side. Yeah. Very nice. I'm always like. Always like those Armenians.
 Here's another one. This one goes out to Mollonol. Mollonol. Your fact is Daisy Meadows, the most borrowed children's author from British libraries doesn't exist.
 Oh, yeah. What?
 I myself had never actually heard of Daisy Meadows and still have not heard really of Daisy Meadows.
 If I think of all the books in my house or the books I see in bookshops, I don't spot Daisy Meadows, but she is a brand basically it's a group of authors that write underneath the name Daisy Meadows much in the same way that Tom Clancy novels are now ghost written under that name or Virginia Andrews of flowers in the attic.
 It's that thing you can't let go once a once an author is nailed a genre. You just start writing using their name. Yeah. Michael Christen is another example of that.
 So yeah, pretty amazing for someone who's the most borrowed yet least heard of of all the big children's authors. Very cool fact.
 Here's another one. This goes out to Luke. Congratulations Luke. It's the fact that it would cost 850 quadrillion dollars to build a death star.
 And that was built by your father Luke. Interestingly. Really nice. Really nice. Spiral alert. Yeah.
 Yeah, this just fact about budgets, I suppose. And there was there was that thing where you project overreach project overreach, you know, on time and under budget.
 Dream on was the thing where you can if you get a petition up on the White House website and enough people sign it.
 There has to be an official response. And this was one of those petitions that reached the required number to get the response, which was right.
 Can you build a death star? It would only cost 850 quadrillion. And someone had done the math. That's really good because it's good that it happened under a previous administration.
 Because I think if someone someone pitched it now might might well might well go through.
 I think you might be right. Okay, here is another fact. This one is now under the custodian ship of Meredith Baku. And Meredith, your fact is, oh, it's a festive one.
 Before going on stage to read a Christmas Carol, Charles Dickens drank a pint of champagne mixed with two tablespoons of rum and Sherry with raw eggs.
 Lovely. Now there is a story behind this. This was a live show at the Aces and eights that we did. And well, Anna wasn't going to let Charles Dickens get away with being the only person to drink a pint of champagne before a show.
 And if you listen back to episode 41, you can almost pinpoint the exact moment that those bubbles Anna's head.
 And when she goes very drunk halfway through the show. Yeah, we ran out just before the show started and bought a couple of bottles. I think a Prosecco in the end and poured a bunch of pines.
 I drank mine the whole way through the show because I couldn't do it. Anna absolutely downed it before we went on. And yeah, amazing fact about Dickens generally though that fact and his live shows that he used to do and how this is how he operated.
 Yeah. Yeah. Right. Let's have one more. Yep. This goes out to James McDonald crap. Christmas jumpers date back to the Romans.
 Yeah. So like this was it was a live show wasn't it? And it was it was our Christmas special. Yeah.
 And yeah, this was basically Marshall who wrote back in the Roman times and he wrote about I think it was was it sat an area or it was one of those nice one of those festivals that they did which we now say is kind of similar to a modern Christmas.
 And he said that one of the things they did would be they would give each other sort of quite garish.
 So good. I've never won a Christmas jumper. I'm sorry. What? Why not? Is it like now that you've gone this far? Is it become a thing that you just refused to?
 No, I've never refused to. I've never been asked to. I've never I've just never engaged with that whole scene. I've got you know, I've got a couple of fun jumpers but but they're not Christmas.
 And well, I say fun. I just mean they've got a slightly bolder knit than I'm happy with. I suppose like you you do wear fun jumpers all the time. Like we all call you fun jumper Andy. So like doing something special over Christmas doesn't really make sense for you.
 Absolutely. I'm a fun jumper guy. The other 364 days of the year. Right. That's enough of this stuff. Let's have one final round of thanks to our wonderful new fact custodians and friends of the podcast.
 They are James Meredith Luke Molinol Adam Hayden grapefruit street and Melinda. So thank you so much to all of you. Thank you to all of you who are listening who have joined Clubfish at any of the tears. It makes a massive difference.
 If you would like to give that a go and get and free episodes and bonus content and much more besides just go to patreon.com/clubfish until then it's by for all of us and we'll see you in a few days time for another big fish.
 [Music]
