 Hey everybody, before we get going, we have two bits of news to give you.
 One very big, Stephen Frye is stepping down from QI and is going to be replaced by the
 incredible Sandy Toxwig, and so the final ever Stephen Frye hosted QI series starts
 tonight, October 16th at 10pm on BBC2.
 So tune in.
 Okay, news number two.
 So if you don't want to watch a really smart person tell you interesting things on a Friday
 night, then you could watch a bunch of idiots tell you equally
 interesting things on Sunday night in Brighton.
 We are doing our podcast, no such thing as a fish show at the Brighton Comedy Festival.
 It's a 5pm on Sunday evening, and also in Brighton this weekend, QI's chief gnome founder,
 creator, top dog, John Lloyd is going to be performing his show, Fresh from the Edinburgh
 Fringe, and here's a little taster of him.
 He happens to be right here with us now.
 Hi John.
 Hello.
 Yep, so if you enjoyed that, there's 59 more minutes of that kind of gold coming to you.
 Go see his show as Emperor of the Prawns.
 And now on with this week's episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast this
 week coming to you from the Lowry and Solford.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, joining me on the stage as the three regular elves, it's Andy
 Murray, Anichezinski and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go, starting with My Fact.
 My Fact this week is the seventh time Park Ranger Roy Sullivan was struck by lightning,
 coincided with the 22nd time he fought off a bear with a stick.
 So this guy is a park ranger.
 He was, I think he was fishing at the time, so he was just out there.
 He's been struck six times before, and then the lightning was coming.
 He just thought I'll just stay here, probably nothing bad will happen.
 God struck by lightning, was running back to his car, and suddenly a bear comes out
 of nowhere.
 Jesus Christ, has to fight off a bear and then went back home.
 His diary must have been amazing, bear, bear, lightning, lightning and bear.
 But he, as I said, he's been struck seven times.
 He was almost struck eight times, but the eighth time when he should have been struck, it
 hit his wife instead.
 It sounds awful.
 It sounds terrible because obviously he was interviewed because he was very, he became
 well known for this, and he said, naturally, people avoid me.
 I was walking with the chief ranger one day, and lightning struck way off, and he said,
 "I'll see you later, Roy."
 Then he said, "There's a restaurant on Loft Mountain that even it's just overcast, they
 won't let me in."
 It sounds awful.
 It sounds terrible because at time number four, this is August 1973, I think he died
 in the early 80s, possibly, but in August 1973, he got in his car and he accelerated because
 there was a cloud forming, and he was very nervous about storm clouds by this point.
 And he out ran it, stopped the car, got out of it to watch the storm hit by lightning again.
 They have a full list of all the times that he was...
 The first time he lost his big toenail.
 Right.
 To lightning.
 Oh, it's a big toenail.
 Yeah, a big toenail.
 At the time, a bolt came out of a small low-lying cloud, hit him on the head through his hat,
 set his hair on fire again, again.
 Not in ten feet out of his car, and not his left shoe off.
 Do you know why shoes come off when you get hit by lightning?
 This is because you watch cartoons.
 So for example, when it hits a tree, lightning, it will sometimes explode a tree if the moisture
 is in the middle of the tree, because it takes the path of least resistance.
 People obviously, there's moisture everywhere and we're 70% liquid, so it often dissipates
 all over your skin.
 But when it does that, all the sweat and the moisture on you boil into steam immediately
 and sometimes so much steam is produced that your shoes will be blown off.
 That's what causes it.
 So he got struck seven times.
 Yeah.
 I found somebody who's been struck even more.
 Really?
 There's a guy called Melvin Roberts from South Carolina, and he at least claims to have
 been struck ten times.
 He was in the news in 2011 for being hit six times, and his wife says that he's been struck
 another four times since.
 By lightning, definitely.
 She's not just by thinking really about it.
 I think I found a group of people who've been struck by lightning even more than that.
 Well, really?
 Yeah.
 So I was reading the 14 times.
 It's an amazing magazine, and in it, they had a small story where someone had written
 in to contest the fact that Roy Sullivan was the most struck person of all time, and what
 they said was that in 1995, a group of explorers who were up on a mountain mountaineer's got
 struck twenty times in sixteen hours, a group of five, and they were in their tent, and they
 all describe the moment that they were struck, and they were just in there getting struck
 over and over again, seventeen times, and we got to get out of there, out of here.
 There's a rescue shelter down the mountain, so he started absailing, and while they were
 doing that, they were struck three more times on the absailed down.
 Oh, my God.
 To be fair, I do think you have to define that by five, though, at which point you haven't
 been record anymore.
 Very good point.
 Yeah.
 It's all about the mass.
 Sometimes goes from one person to another, as well.
 No.
 Or it can hit, for example, it can rebound off a tree and into a horse or whatever.
 Yeah.
 I mean, then it's less likely to kill you, because at least some of the force has been
 dissipated.
 Yeah.
 Men account for 85% of lightning strikes, isn't that weird?
 And the National Weather Service in the US speculated that this might be because men tend
 to be unaware of all the dangers associated with lightning, more likely to be invulnerable
 situations, unwilling to be inconvenienced by the threat of lightning, and don't react
 quickly to the lightning threat, or any combination of these explanations.
 So there's stupid, ignorant, big-headed, and they have very slow reactions.
 No, she was just my interpretation, but I think that's the long and short of it.
 A man in Croatia has admitted that he has not gone outside after hearing thunder since
 lightning struck his penis in 2007.
 Zoran Jurkovich, it's online, honestly.
 Zoran Jurkovich said, "My friends used to tease me, and I used to tease them back, saying
 my penis has extraordinary ability now, but it doesn't."
 It's hard to tease them back when you've just got a sort of child stumped.
 So I think there might be something about Croatia, God hates it or something, so there's
 a Croatian woman who has been left recently with a severely burned anus after a lightning
 strike, ended her mouth while she was cleaning her teeth and drinking water from the tap,
 came through the tap, ended her mouth, and then left through the anus so it could earth
 through the ground.
 Apparently, so the report said she was wearing rubber-sold shoes, so once the lightning had entered
 through her mouth when she was drinking water from the tap, it took the easiest route and
 came out of her rectum to reach her rubber-sold shoes.
 You know, speaking of lightning coming out the bum, there actually is a fabled worm called
 the Mongolian death worm, which is in Mongolia, and is it done?
 Is it?
 It's a massive worm, and all accounts of it say that it can shoot acid from its eyes and
 lightning bolts from its anus.
 Accounts?
 I don't think they deserve the name "accounts."
 One really knows why lightning happens today.
 We find, when you're at school, they tell you it's because clouds are rubbing together
 or whatever, and it kind of is that a little bit, but it's like ice going up in their clouds
 and water coming down or the other way around, and they rub against each other, and it causes
 like static electricity like you would have with a balloon.
 But no one really knows why it starts, and it's like a chain reaction that starts, and
 one theory you'll like this done, apparently there's a latest theory coming from Russia
 that it's cosmic rays, which come from outside the solar system and hit the earth, and that's
 what starts the lightning in the first place.
 Wow.
 And no one knows what causes cosmic rays, really.
 I mean, it could be supernovas or quasars or...
 The Mongolian death worm.
 We can't rule it out.
 Yeah, amazing.
 You know, America has two annual conferences for lightning strikes survivors.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah.
 It's actually about 80% of people struck by lightning actually survive...
 Yes, right.
 Yes, it is.
 80% to 90% live, but it's not plain sailing after that.
 It's not as though you have burns and then you recover, it can scramble your memory, and
 there are all these long-term effects that we don't know about, and it just gets right
 into your cells, and there aren't enough cases that are studied in the medical literature
 to have a proper body of science, so it's a lot of guesswork, and yeah, there just isn't
 the money to try and work out what exactly has happened.
 Okay.
 We're going to have to move on to our next fact in a minute.
 Is there anything else you guys want to add?
 Um, another thing that we can't explain is the lightning that happens at the beacon of
 Mara Cabo, which is the most incredible place on the planet.
 So this is a place in Venezuela.
 It's the Catatumbo River, I think in Venezuela, and it's one tiny spot where for 280 times
 an hour, for 10 hours a night, for 160 nights a year, lightning strikes this exact same
 spot, and nobody knows why.
 I reckon it could be Roy Sullivan doing some fishing, but isn't that weird, and it was mentioned
 first in a poem about Francis Drake in 1597, and Fisherman used it on this lake in Venezuela
 to light their way, so if they're going fishing, they just use this class and lightning storm
 to say, okay, well, there's the storm, yes, we go towards that, because that's where we'll
 get the best light.
 Slash die.
 Um, yeah, no one knows what happens.
 Wow.
 That's amazing.
 You read about that, and I think it replenishes the ozone layer, doesn't it?
 The biggest source of ozone on Earth, the biggest single source of ozone on Earth, so it's
 a good thing.
 Yeah, it's a good thing.
 That's so cool.
 Okay, we're going to move on to fact number two, and that is James Harkin.
 Okay, my fact this week is that this year, America's Hero Dog of the Year award was won
 by a cat.
 (Laughter)
 It can't have been a good night to be a dog.
 Yeah, so this is Tara the Cat, and I reckon some people will know it, or will at least know
 the cat itself because it's been a bit of an internet sensation.
 There was a young child being mulled by a dog next to a car.
 You might have seen the video on YouTube, and then this cat runs on and kind of scares the
 dog away, and then runs off again, and she became such a hero that she is now an honorary
 dog.
 Wow.
 What a way to reward her to invite her to a ceremony full of dogs, who now it was soft
 at a cat's one.
 It is amazing.
 She just full on runs into the dog.
 She just smashes her head.
 Have you guys seen that video?
 You must have done it right.
 Yeah, it's good.
 It's good to watch.
 Yeah, she got a few other awards, actually.
 She was invited by the local baseball team, the Bakersfield Blaze, because this was in
 Bakersfield in California.
 They invited her to throw the first pitch, not a way.
 Yeah, and a baseball game.
 How did she do?
 Well, it said on the news report that she was assisted by her family.
 I watched it, and the family do a lot of assisting.
 It goes wrong about five times, and then basically a guy holding a cat throws a ball.
 That's basically it.
 But this video is the first YouTube video in history to reach 20 million views in five
 days.
 And the cat became a hero, and the dog was put down.
 Wasn't it?
 No way.
 Did you just bite it?
 It had been the child really badly on the leg.
 Yeah, OK, yeah.
 Sorry.
 On the dog side.
 No, I'm not.
 Cats have a long and noble history of impersonating dogs, though, don't they?
 Because they bark, like, can bark like dogs.
 Like, if you have cats and dogs they've been together, then cats will learn to impersonate
 dogs.
 OK, hang on.
 No, I've never--
 Yeah.
 I'm the Mongolian death one guy.
 If you basically look at a time into YouTube, cats bark like dogs.
 Are you sure that a cat can bark like a dog, and not that a dog can throw its voice?
 Dogs are actually amazing ventriloquists, and we've not realized.
 But there is a really good video on YouTube of a cat owner.
 I mean, I can't believe we're discussing YouTube memes, but let's do it.
 A cat owner who sneaks up behind her cat, filming her cat, sitting on a window ledge,
 looking outside at a dog, which obviously lives with the family.
 They all live for next door, so it's lived around it, and barking.
 And it's honestly going, the cat's going, "Ruff, ruff, ruff."
 And it keeps doing this, loads.
 And then the person who's holding the camera sort of clears her throat, and the cat hears,
 and looks around and starts to be, "Mew!"
 [LAUGHTER]
 And the science came up with some bullshit expression, like, "Oh, she turned her vocal chords,
 she turned around, which changed the tenor of her voice."
 But it's quite clearly the cat going, "Woop see, I've been caught right in the act of impersonating
 a dog."
 [LAUGHTER]
 So, just on heroic dogs, I have a couple of different kinds of heroic dogs that we all know
 about.
 So, bomb detecting dogs, I mean, how about guide dogs.
 There is only one, I believe, there's great piece in the Guardian about this.
 There is only one airborne nut allergy dog in the UK.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Sorry, the dog was airborne on the nut.
 [LAUGHTER]
 My fault, should have clarified.
 So, there's a woman also called Tara, actually.
 Tara Bedford, she has an incredibly bad nut allergy, so bad that even the smell of
 nuts can trigger a reaction.
 She says, "Any rustle on a train or a bus, and it's, what are they opening?
 Should I move?"
 She can't go to the cinema, she can't go to a catch, she can't go in a plane because someone
 opens a pack of the peanuts and she's dead, she's in a plane.
 She had to go to any 40 times in four years, but the story has a happy ending because there
 was a labrador who had failed a guide dog test for overuse of the nose, put them together,
 and now the dog forcefully pushes her whenever the dog smells nuts, a peanut or a nut she's
 allergic to.
 So it's a very good ending.
 Seeing nose dog.
 Seeing nose dog, yeah.
 Wow, that's so cool.
 Wow.
 And he flies as well.
 And he's...
 [LAUGHTER]
 Russian.
 Sorry.
 Russia employs sniffer cats.
 Really?
 Really?
 Yeah, there's some sniffer cats in Russia, and they're looking for kind of Russian Mafia
 that might be smuggling fish for the caviar down in the south of Russia.
 And the most famous one, the first one was called the Rusek.
 And Rusek died when he was hit by a criminal's car quite recently.
 And the locals thought that it might be a contract killing because the week before, another
 cat called Barsik was killed after he was poisoned by a mouse.
 What?
 Sorry, with a mouse.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Yeah.
 I was looking into sort of the latest in cat news.
 And I headed to a place I discovered a few podcasts ago.
 I headed to Pussington Post.
 Just a few recent headlines.
 Cat ignores frogs sitting on his paw.
 That's...
 That was September 17th, if you want to look that one up.
 If you're into cat news, which you obviously are, there's this guy who is constantly updating
 us on cat news.
 He runs a Twitter feed called NBA Catwatch, and the entire Twitter feed is devoted to finding
 out what cats are owned by basketball players.
 And he's been going for quite a while now.
 So he said, it's sort of a typical dumb Twitter joke, but the more he thought about it, something
 caught in my brain.
 I'd be watching a basketball game, and I'd start to think about who does owner cat
 on this team.
 He said, I'm aware that it's ridiculous trying to find NBA players cats on social media.
 However, it's my niche, and I got there first.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And yet, no one has ever got the second out there.
 I found a really exciting Guinness Book World Record, which is for world-mousing champion.
 And the winner of this, the current champion of this award.
 It's a dog.
 It's a dog.
 It's a cat, but it's amazing that this is an actual record that's being held.
 So it's a cat called Towsr, and Towsr was stationed at Distillery in Scotland, where Grouse
 Whiskey is made.
 And during her reign, she killed 28,899 mice.
 No way.
 And so that's a Guinness World Record.
 No way.
 And then she died.
 So she got taken over by another cat called Amber, who's been there for 20 years now, and
 who they've said was not known to have caught a single mouse.
 They've all been caught already.
 She's just got there at a first angle.
 Well, there's not much to do here, isn't it?
 Can I tell you about a couple of more little dog things?
 Yes, please.
 So there's another kind of dog, which is a Corpse Detection Dog.
 So please use them to find bodies, things like this.
 And they have to be trained, but you can't train them obviously on real cases, because
 they're very few of those.
 So they're trained by wrapping up pigs bodies in shower curtains.
 And there's a man who runs a search company, his name is Mick Swindles, and he says he
 always puts clothes on the pigs, too, for added realism.
 Insert your own David Cameron joke here.
 Oh, God.
 Well, this is the thing.
 He said of them, because he puts clothes on them, and he said, people say, why do you always
 put them in a skirt?
 Have you ever tried putting trousers on a pig?
 So presumably these cat's are just now really good at detecting clothes, pigs, dogs are
 really good at detecting clothes, pigs, and not that good at detecting human causes.
 We're very similar to pigs in many ways.
 Speak yourself.
 OK.
 We're going to have to move on in a sec.
 Can I say one thing?
 This original fact was in Bakersfield in California, and so I found another story from
 Bakersfield.
 It's just a quick one.
 It's a guy called Mr. Slivers, and he was arrested, and they interviewed him afterwards.
 And this way he said, he said, I was just bored, and I decided I wanted to be a cat burglar.
 So I kicked in the window and tried to steal the lion, but it was too heavy, so I stole the
 cat.
 And he wanted to be a cat burglar, and thought that a cat burglar is something that steals
 cats.
 I'm more interested in the home that owns both the lion and the cat.
 So it was a museum.
 It was a museum.
 Oh.
 Sorry.
 Right.
 OK.
 Got it.
 Otherwise, I don't think you'd be saying the lion is too heavy.
 Weight is the least of your problems.
 That lion was way too bitey on my face.
 OK.
 It's time for fact number three, and that is Chazinsky.
 Yeah.
 Fact is that the earliest known penalty for illegal parking was to be impaled on a stake.
 Yeah.
 It's firm, it's firm, but it's fair.
 And if you appeal, it's a smaller stake.
 So this was actually in 700 BC.
 This is the earliest parking restriction I can find, so it's in Nineveh, which is the
 Assyrian capital.
 And the parking restriction was put in place by King Sinacarib.
 And we have a stone tablet where he's laid out the restriction, and it says, Royal Road
 let no man decrease it, or let no man lessen it, this Royal Road, and on pain of being impaled
 on a stake.
 And you got impaled on a stake if you did park on the Royal Road in your chariot, obviously
 not your motor car.
 And impaled on a stake and then planted in your own garden so that people who were coming
 to visit you could go, oh, I guess he's not available for tea.
 Wow, planted in your own garden.
 Would you have a little label sticking out like you get on those plants?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, with the species.
 This is a Norman.
 Yeah, Sinacarib, he was, he's most famous for moving his capital city to Nineveh, like
 you say, and had like a really amazing capital city then he had like gardens.
 They think it might be in the Hanging Gardens, if anyone was there.
 And yeah, he was just an extremely opulent man.
 Apparently he had a piece of Noah's Ark which he worshipped as a god, and he once wrote
 about his enemies, their testicles I cut off, and tore out their privates like the seeds
 of cucumbers.
 He was good with a simile, actually.
 Sounds like he was very bad at making sandwiches.
 You selectively shave the outside of a cucumber, then you slot it at home in the sandwich.
 He actually, so he was not a humble man because he did create these incredible gardens.
 I mean, he's, I think people should know more about Sinacarib and very little is written
 about him.
 But a lot of historians now think that the Hanging Gardens of Babylon, as you say, were
 his gardens, and he irrigated the mountains all around, so he built this incredible canal
 that stretched 50 kilometers up into the mountains, and which irrigated his whole amazing new city.
 But he was pretty cocky about it, so even on the signposts where he said you'll be impaled
 on a steak or cucumber or whatever if you part here.
 Then the little signposts then went on to list his achievements.
 Explaining Sinacarib is a king of the world, favorite of the gods, holder of invincible weapons
 and architect of urban design.
 So I think that's quite a piece of it.
 On those signs you put up here, here's what I've achieved, guys.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing.
 Do you know, in Britain, the first ever parking ticket that was given?
 No.
 Okay, so it was in September 1960.
 They set this up.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It was quite like where it was like an established proper where parking attendance went
 out.
 And the first ever ticket was given to a Dr. Thomas Craton who was answering an emergency
 call to help a heart attack victim at a West End Hotel.
 So he raced there.
 He got out.
 When he came back, he had a ticket.
 And there was so much public outcry that they said, okay, you haven't got a ticket.
 That was the first ticket.
 Could you imagine the, how was your first day, the clocked up pretty bad.
 But the first parking ticket in America was also had to be overturned.
 Oh, really?
 Maybe parking tickets are just a failed enterprise.
 Yeah, this was a reverend, actually.
 The reverend CH North of the third Penta Costal Honest Church.
 And it was a newly installed parking meter, the country's first parking meter.
 And he just ran into a shop to get change and by the time he'd come out, he got a ticket.
 And he complained to the courts and had it overturned.
 Wow.
 It would be pretty hard to get it overturned in the old days when you're being impaled
 on a stage.
 I've got a story about parking tickets.
 So begins so many of them exactly go.
 Okay, so this is from January this year, and it was from the BBC News website.
 A traffic warden is being investigated after a parking ticket was placed on a wheelie bin.
 The warden was accused of bizarre behaviour.
 So one witness said this, it appeared the warden slapped the plastic ticket envelope on
 the bin in a moment of high jinks after a member of the public pointed out it was on double
 yellow lines.
 So it's a joke.
 It's just a silly joke, yeah.
 But then the response, this is in Camarthen.
 The Marvinshire Council Traffic and Safety Manager, John McEvoy, said, although this was
 meant as a humorous incident, we take this kind of thing very seriously and have launched
 a formal investigation into the conduct of the officer.
 Although this is meant as a humorous incident, we are still the arseholes, you think we are?
 I have some stuff on weird laws and slightly strange punishments, if that's okay.
 The hit heights, apparently, they had a rule where anyone found guilty of committing
 a sex act with a dog or pig would be killed.
 And so your own David Carrenzo gear?
 But if it was with a horse or a mule, the only punishment that they could give out was
 that you were no longer allowed to be in the presence of the king.
 Wow.
 That's good.
 Nice, look.
 And if the king, sorry, if the king, if the pig mounted the human, then no one would be
 punished at all.
 It had to be the human who was sitting there.
 Well, how would the king - is that his opening question to everyone?
 You fucked a horse.
 I think it's that.
 Because you could just be in an audience of the king and it doesn't get to him that you
 did it.
 That's a good point.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 He was very close with the horse community.
 They reported all these things.
 Poopington Post.
 Oh, that was a good one.
 That's really good.
 It's good, but it has.
 So do you know about the guy who invented the double yellow lines?
 No.
 This is a guy called George Bamber and this was in the late 19th century, so the 1880s.
 And he based the double yellow line, he was a farmer and he based the design on the markings
 he put on his sheep.
 So he used to strike his sheep with double yellow lines.
 And he noticed that no one ever walked on his sheep and parked on them.
 I thought this is something.
 Actually, he wanted to keep the entrance to his farm clear on market day so people would
 come in and buy his produce.
 So he thought, what design could I use?
 Oh, there's yellow lines from the sheep and he drew them out.
 And it really caught on in his village to the mayor of his town, started using these
 double yellow lines to stop people parking in undesirable places.
 But he received a 10% commission for a number of years on, like whenever the double yellow
 lines were used that he'd taken from the sheep, he got a commission on them.
 That's amazing.
 Isn't that cool?
 That's really cool.
 I think because I would have thought it was based on the single yellow line, but you're
 saying that was invented first.
 No.
 Double yellow line came first.
 That is amazing.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's like hearing that Rocky 2 was made before Rocky.
 And Rocky 2 was so good.
 I thought we should do all one.
 Oh, we're going to have to move on to our dex facts.
 You guys got any more?
 All right.
 Let's do it.
 It's time for our final fact of the evening and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact is that female corn earworm moths go invisible after sex.
 So this needs a bit of explaining.
 Basically, when, so corn earworm moths are a kind of moth, and when males mate with females,
 they have a protein in their semen, which makes the female invisible to other males.
 So it gets into the female's body and it inhibits all pheromone production immediately.
 And the males only can tell when females are run by smell.
 They don't have very good vision at all.
 They can't really see other females.
 So it's a self-preservation thing by the male who's done the mating.
 He thinks, well, I want this female off the market.
 So he just makes the female invisible to other males.
 Why didn't he just paint double yellow lines on that?
 So this is from a book called Nature's Nether Regions.
 I called Menno Shelte Huisen, I hope I'm pronouncing his name right.
 And I just find that incredible.
 That's amazing.
 Totally insane.
 Yeah.
 So basically, there are all kinds of animals which do incredible, strange things through the
 medium of sex.
 So banana flies are a kind of fly.
 And male banana flies.
 Not kind of banana.
 Good.
 So when male banana flies have sex with female banana flies, they deposit a seamen in
 the female.
 And that contains a chemical which makes the female go completely off all other males.
 So they start kicking away other males and then they give off a scent to make themselves
 unattractive.
 And it lasts for a week.
 It's not actually that long, is it?
 It is if you're a banana fly, I think.
 Completely kills their sex life.
 I mean, how much action are these females getting?
 Well, some in sex do all the mating on a single day.
 Yeah, okay.
 Yeah, yeah.
 No, sorry.
 I read that female beetles, they quench their thirst through sex.
 And it's because of the seamen and the fluids in the seamen because they get very dehydrated.
 And so when they have sex, it's actually just like having a drink for them.
 That's the reason we all do it, don't we?
 Sometimes the tap is too far away.
 So some in sex do all the mating.
 So bees and ants do all the mating for a lifetime in a single day when the queen does all her
 mating.
 And the males sort of try and fight each other with seamen to do rivalry, basically.
 And some queens, if they've mated with a male and they like that male, they can secrete
 a fluid to protect that male's seamen from the rival sperm, basically.
 And the scientist who found this out is called Boris Bear, from the University of Western
 Australia.
 And he was asked whether this might happen in humans, whether human women could do such
 a thing.
 And he said that he doubted it.
 And he said, to my knowledge, women do not copulate with 90 mates in half an hour.
 In his limited experience.
 We are learning a lot about you to learn how to do this.
 So the New Zealand giraffe weevil, which it's a weevil, not a giraffe.
 The way that they mate is like you get two weevils and they fight against each other and usually
 the biggest weevil wins.
 But there are little weevils that kind of sneak around.
 And when there's two males fighting over a female, that weevil goes in and then steals
 the female while she's like kind of watching the fight.
 And the female actually ends up having sex with the smallest weevil.
 Wow.
 She actually goes for lesser of two weevils.
 I've never seen you look more disappointed in me than I.
 That was incredible.
 Mass suicide was committed tonight.
 Here's a really, really weird thing, an interesting thing about flies, baby flies.
 Baby flies can get characteristics from males who have had sex with their mother, but not
 their father.
 So a male who's had sex with the mother much, much earlier can still give characteristics
 to the fly.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Well, we don't know.
 It's really new research.
 But that is unbelievably interesting.
 But what's a characteristic for them?
 So say, for instance, the female fly had sex with a really big fly.
 Yeah.
 And then nothing came from it.
 And then the father, well, and you know, being a little scrawny fly, then the baby might have
 the bigness of the original guy who she had sex with, even though it's not his actually
 father.
 Oh, wow.
 This sounds very suspect.
 Are we sure this isn't just a lot of women cheating on their husbands?
 No.
 No, it's new research.
 It's why this baby's ginger.
 That research.
 Yeah, it's called telegony.
 And it used to be believed by humans, by people.
 In ancient Greek time, people thought that your children would have things from whoever
 you had sex with, whether it was the father or not.
 Wow.
 And it was thought for a long, long time.
 And then it was shown to be not true in humans, but they've recently found that it might
 be true.
 Probably is true in flies.
 Wow.
 That's so cool.
 It was a wrong belief, and it was just completely wrong for no reason, and then it turned out we
 were right all along.
 It's very satisfying.
 Norwegian rats sperm.
 They can join forces with each other and become a super sperm.
 They have little hook-shaped heads and hundreds of them just hook onto each other and say, guys,
 we can do this together.
 And then they swim faster as a single.
 What?
 It's like the power rangers.
 You remember when they combine forces?
 Oh, yeah.
 To make a larger power ranger. It's much like that. And that's why Andy never did any more
 babysitting.
 Naked mole rats, but have you guys all seen naked mole rats?
 Because I mean, they're just so extraordinary, and basically every single way.
 But their sperm are also bizarre, so only 7% of naked mole rats sperm can swim.
 So they ejaculate, and then the vast majority of their sperm just like flails and flutes
 around, and like drowns, or doesn't make it anywhere, only 0.1% I think can swim really
 fast enough to get anywhere.
 So they're just constantly ejaculating useless, useless sperm.
 But they are immune to all cancer, so it's like a trade-off.
 Yeah, swings and...
 Yeah.
 Up to 90% of human males sperm, as opposed to human females sperm, obviously, has two heads
 or two tails, or is completely deformed in other ways.
 There are very few, which are, you know, the perfect guys, you see, on the posters.
 I just think there are unrealistic standards of beauty for sperm.
 Human semen is... I'm sorry about this, but it is really amazing.
 Don't apologise.
 I'll send you the dry cleaning bit, I'm going to call it quits.
 It contains proteins, ladies and gentlemen, that can forge a kind of mating plug.
 Like other animals have mating plugs that stop other males from impregnating females,
 but the proteins in human semen can do a similar kind of thing.
 And it also contains chemical compounds that prevent the sperm cells from becoming over
 enthusiastic.
 I'm not quite sure what that means, but...
 Does it sort of overshoot past the edge, end up in the kidney or something?
 So, there was a question on Yahoo Answers, which I never know people are joking on Yahoo Answers,
 but someone posted a question saying, "I ran out of shampoo and I don't have any money,
 have no choice and I have to go to work tomorrow."
 Yes, males like feces.
 Can I just use sperm as my shampoo?
 The next post was the next day from the same guy, "Well, no one asked me about the feces smell at least."
 Okay, we're going to wrap up, okay, that's it, that's all of our facts, thank you so much for coming tonight everybody.
 If you want to get in contact with us about the things we said over the course of this podcast,
 you can reach us on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 We're at Andrew Hunter M. James, Ed Shapes and Anna. You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, and if there's a little snagger about the fact she's not on Twitter, still not on Twitter, come believe it.
 And if you want to listen to all of our previous episodes, you can head to no such thing as a fish.com
 And you can listen to all the previous episodes, we're going on tour still.
 Thank you so much for being here guys, this has been amazing for us.
 Thanks for listening at home, we'll see you again another time next week, goodbye.
 (Applause)
 (Applause)
 (Applause)
 (Applause)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
