 *starts playing*
 Hello, and welcome to another Working From Home episode of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 a weekly podcast not coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anichezinski, Andrew Hunter Murray, and
 James Harkin, and once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Anna.
 My fact this week is that when people accidentally swallow coins, they're stomachs, sometimes
 punch holes in them.
 I think this is so cool, and it's quite a new thing.
 I'm not suggesting you should swallow a coin to test it out, but-
 Anna, when you say it's quite a new thing, do you mean in the past when people swallow
 coins, it's not done that?
 Yes.
 Wow.
 So you didn't mean that coins are a relatively recent human invention, and we didn't have
 the capacity to swallow them until 8000 years ago, right?
 I didn't mean that.
 No, people have been swallowing coins since time immemorial.
 It's just that our stomachs have evolved is what you're saying.
 Exactly, in the last 20 years our stomachs have completely changed.
 No, that's not what's happened to either, coins have changed though, so this was a problem
 that was discovered in America in the 90s, and it turned out that copper coins had
 been swapped for copper-covered zinc coins, and if you swallow copper, then your stomach
 acid doesn't really affect it, it can just go through, come out the other end, but if you
 got zinc in there, the stomach acid finds it much easier to chip away at it, and so doctors
 were finding in the 90s, they were x-raying kids.
 They said they had stomach problems, for instance, and they saw these kind of discs with
 lots of holes in them, like really neat holes punched in them, and they didn't really know
 what they were, and turned out they were coins, but made of zinc, and they had the holes
 punched, and so how cool is that?
 Yeah, it's amazing.
 How come it doesn't dissolve the entire coin?
 Why is it so neatly just punching holes in it?
 Well, I would guess that the copper that the zinc coins are sometimes covered with can erode
 a bit with use, so I think sometimes bits of copper will have come off on parts of the
 surface, and not on others, and if the acid can get through the copper, it can suddenly
 penetrate through the zinc, so it'll be on the bits of the coin where the copper hasn't
 been eroded.
 That's clever.
 Super clever.
 Isn't there a country where coins have holes in them already?
 I'm sure…
 Yeah, loads of countries.
 Yeah.
 There's a square hole.
 I'm sure there's a country which has either a square or a round hole.
 It's probably one of the two in the middle of it.
 Yeah.
 I can't remember which country that is really annoying.
 Well, the way they manufacture those is they get someone at the Royal Mint to swallow
 every single coin.
 It's a very hard choice of process.
 It's very hard to retrieve them at the end, though, isn't it?
 It's not all dogs like the worst fruit machine ever, the money comes out at the end, but
 you're not really excited by it.
 Yeah.
 You are getting, though, a square hole out of a round hole at the end of it.
 Yeah.
 Oh, that's cool.
 Yeah.
 They do it in…
 Oh, sorry.
 Have you seen that?
 I think Wikipedia's Twitter feed tweeted it this weekend.
 Have you seen it?
 It's like a Tyler in Japan.
 Is it in Japan?
 Where it can recognise you by your anus.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Isn't it amazing?
 What an amazing bit of technology.
 You like James?
 You sit there.
 Well, I'm back.
 And it's just all the cameras can look at your anus and just say, "Oh, that's you, James."
 What possible need is that?
 If you hear next door in a public toilet, if you hear a toilet going, "Oh, no, no, no,
 you again."
 That's the next thing when they were consenting, isn't it?
 Is it useful for…
 What is it useful for?
 Is it so that if you've got lots of people in the house and you're trying to monitor your
 health, but you don't want to get confused between…
 I think it is like that.
 It's like, you know, having a Fitbit on your wrist and it can tell, like, what's wrong
 with you.
 But the thing is with the toilet, you can't really carry it around with you, so it needs
 to…
 And lots of people use it.
 So it kind of needs to know who's using it at any one time.
 So it can look at your VCs and decides what's wrong with you, maybe?
 Maybe for crimes they could use it as, you know, anal recognition, you know, we might be
 able to bust criminals by…
 Well, it would save a lot of very embarrassing police line-ups, wouldn't it?
 They should call this thing a Fitbit.
 That's what they should call it.
 They've got to do that.
 They've got to do that.
 Anyway, so that's what we've got to say about coins, I guess.
 Well, I just wanted to say, the fact that Sink reacts with your stomach acid is quite
 an interesting thing.
 So in 2015, they invented this new technology, it's like you kind of take a pill and the pill
 has like a tiny motor in it and the motor is activated.
 It's made out of zinc and it's activated by your stomach acid.
 So the zinc reacts with your stomach acid and generates like hydrogen bubbles and then
 those bubbles mean that it can act like a torpedo and it fires through your stomach so
 that it gets into your stomach wall and it can kind of lodge there and it can put stuff
 into your bloodstream.
 Oh wow.
 Isn't that amazing?
 Wow.
 Awesome.
 So it's a motor that's only activated when it reacts, when the Sink reacts with the…
 Exactly.
 Hydrogen, didn't you say?
 It's Sink reacting with hydrochloric acid creating hydrogen bubbles.
 That's so clever.
 Genius.
 And that, isn't that what the Alanis Morissette album Jagged Little Pill is about?
 That is.
 It's weird though because this technology was only invented in 2015 but that album came
 out in the '90s or something.
 He's got real foresight though.
 Yeah.
 She accidentally didn't patent the invention.
 She released it as lyrics.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 How ironic.
 How ironic.
 Have you got any more on this, Anna?
 Just quickly to share some advice, please be advised number one is just don't swallow
 coins just because you want to be able to thread them on a string or whatever.
 And when I say accidentally, I guess I'm talking about children.
 It's mostly them who swallow coins.
 So maybe they're doing it on purpose but they don't know why.
 But the current medical advice is to doctors, if you're looking at an x-ray and you see
 some coins in a stomach, is that if it's just a coin that's sort of intact, you can just
 leave it, send the patient home and it'll probably pass.
 But if it's a coin with scalloped edges or holes in it, then you should endoscopically
 remove it because that implies it's been there for a bit too long and it's decided to
 sort of bed down.
 Oh.
 That should be a medical advice out there from an amateur to the experts.
 An enthusiastic colour should though, Anna, the right, certainly.
 But stomach acid is amazing, isn't it?
 The power of stomach acid.
 If you swallow razor blades, again, don't do it because they'll slit your throat on
 the way down, but if you do and survive it, your stomach acid can just break them right
 down.
 Wow.
 Incredible.
 Is more acidic than battery acid.
 That is amazing.
 Wow.
 So crocodiles, they can secrete stomach acid 10 times faster than any other animals, which
 is this amazing.
 I mean, when you think about that, that's nuts.
 And it's because they do it because they have these massive meals every so often and they
 need to break them down.
 And they have, instead of, you know, we've got an aorta blood vessel in our bodies.
 They've got two, one of which supplies the heart, but one of which is a special one which
 goes to the stomach.
 And when they eat, the brain, the crocodile's brain signals the heart and it says, don't
 send any blood to the lungs, just pump it all to the stomach via the special super highway.
 And then there's carbon, lots of carbon dioxide builds up in their blood because none of their
 blood is going to the lungs.
 So the carbon dioxide is not getting out of their bloodstream.
 But what that means is that the stomach takes that blood, which is full of carbon dioxide
 and it pulls the carbon dioxide out to create more acid.
 So that's how they make it.
 And they can digest gazelle horns and hooves and they just eat anything and it can just
 be broken down.
 It's because they've got this magic method of making it.
 That's incredible.
 That's so cool.
 So it's like dual purpose because the vessel is, first of all, going to the stomach to help
 it out, but also the increased carbon content of the blood can then be used.
 Yeah.
 They're very clever on it.
 That's amazing.
 Do you know stomach acid is the reason that when you do a number two, it can sting, because
 yeah, I thought that was really interesting.
 So it doesn't, it doesn't eat away at your stomach lining because we've got a very
 protective layer of mucus in our stomach lining.
 But if you've got a particularly bad lump of turd, then and it comes out and it really
 breathes because it's just so polite for number two, and then you're like, okay, now what's
 another polite sitting in for that?
 I forgot all the words.
 I forgot all the other words.
 A lump of turd.
 A fecal mouser.
 Then there's a little bit of stomach acid still left on the outside of it and your rectum
 isn't protected from it.
 Is that right?
 That's not in all cases where it stings, so is it?
 If you have a curry, that might be due to the chilies or something.
 I think that is also due to chilies, probably, yeah.
 So that's a potent combination of stomach acid and the chili, I guess.
 Gosh.
 That would be a painful stool.
 Yeah.
 So there's the word you should have used at a stool, that's a classy, classy way of telling
 it.
 Well, penguins, king penguins specifically, they are like the reverse of crocodiles.
 It was a crocodile thing, I said just now.
 So king penguins can basically turn themselves into a fridge, their own stomach on the inside.
 They can turn it into a larder because they sometimes have to provide an emergency meal
 for their chicks, and they, as a result, don't want to digest any of their food.
 And so they stop producing stomach acid, basically, and that means that the food just, and then
 they just have these fish in their guts for up to three weeks on end, which they can then
 regurgitate undigested, that's how they do it.
 Isn't that mental?
 Wow.
 Amazing.
 Wow.
 And do they, do they keep it at sort of refrigerate a temperature, do we know?
 Because otherwise, we're going to be quiet.
 Quite rotten.
 I think if you're a penguin, everything, everything's a refrigerated cell, you're right.
 You're right.
 And they do, Anna, they do kind of have antibacterial chemicals, which they can secrete inside themselves
 to preserve the food.
 So that's how they stop it rotting.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So if you're fridge, you know, you lose power in your fridge, but you've got a penguin
 lying around.
 You can store your thing in there.
 Yeah.
 Great.
 Um, my favorite stupid swallower, I think, is Chris Foster.
 Chris Foster from Bournemouth University, who in 2008 was out on a night out with his
 friends, who decided that he was too drunk, so tried to take him home to his room and to stop
 them from doing this.
 He swallowed his room key and he had no memory of this, but woke up the next morning and
 his friends were all like, mate, you swallowed your room key last night.
 What you can do about it.
 And apparently, I like the detail that apparently one of his friends tried the Heimlich maneuver
 on him.
 Because you can really imagine the drunken 12 people that someone Heimlich him, just sort
 of practically crushing him.
 So yeah, he went to your hospital and said, I think I swallowed my key last night.
 And indeed, he had, and he was sent home and passed the key 31 hours later and put it back
 on the fob.
 Wow.
 A happy ending.
 And actually, it would have a slightly bigger hole in the key, so it would be easier to get
 it on his phone.
 Absolutely.
 That's why he did it.
 It's very clear thinking drunkenness.
 My favorite swallower, sorry, we seem to be playing a game of my favorite swallower,
 would probably be a guy from the 19th century.
 Have you heard of the human ostrich?
 No.
 I haven't heard of the human ostrich.
 This was a thing.
 And in fact, it's not even just one person.
 There were loads of actors whose standard thing was the human ostrich, where their trick
 was just swallowing cutlery or glass.
 And they were kind of an adjunct to the sword swallowing fraternity.
 And that was just what they did.
 So there was a guy called Alfonso, who would eat glass and cork and cotton and wool.
 And it sounds more like sort of a swallowing apprentice's or interns.
 You know, you start off with a teaspoon, up to a dessert spoon.
 That is how you learn to swallow a swallowing sort, though, not with a teaspoon, first.
 Well.
 That would be something a bit bigger than that.
 It's really, so I've been reading the files of the SSAI, which is the Swallow's Association
 International, and they were surveyed about their work.
 And there were 46 of them who got surveyed, because there are only 100 or 200 people
 in the world who do this for a living.
 And the 46 people between them had swallowed 2,000 swords over the previous three months.
 Half of them had swallowed more than one sword.
 Five of them had swallowed 10 swords at a time, and one person had swallowed 16 swords simultaneously.
 Simultaneously.
 Simultaneously.
 Simultaneously, I know.
 I know.
 And they all got asked about, you know, their tips and tricks.
 And it was a study in the British Medical Journal that they were surveyed for.
 So it was trying to work out what injures them, and it turns out it's stubbed toes, actually.
 I was just thinking, right, you don't see swords much these days, do you?
 I mean, people don't use swords much for their original purpose.
 So I just wondered, if you're a sword manufacturer, what percentage of them get swallowed, come
 to you.
 Are you tempted as a sword manufacturer to just start rounding off the edges to make it
 slightly easier for these guys?
 Yeah.
 That's exactly what I'm thinking.
 If you're a sword manufacturer, you might as well go for where they're back then.
 Yeah.
 What?
 Make them taste nice, maybe.
 Yes.
 Like a flavoured condom.
 But with a sword.
 Well, they have a sheath.
 Don't they?
 So, they do.
 But the person is the sheath.
 Yes.
 That's interesting.
 The aim, they said, is to become a living scabbard for the sword.
 That's not right.
 Yeah.
 And because the aim, really, I mean, when you're swallowing a sword, the aim is not to swallow.
 Swallowing contracts all the muscles all the way down.
 This is a disastrous thing to do.
 So, misnomer, isn't it, really?
 It really is.
 Yeah.
 So, we should call them living scabbards, I think.
 And that's actually what the wealthiest knights in Medieval times used to have, isn't it?
 One of their servants would be there at their hip.
 And it's the wealthier of the knight, you are, the more swords your living scabbard can accommodate.
 So, it's like choosing a golfer.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Anna, when you sent us this fact, you sent us a link to new scientist, I think, which
 was your evidence for it.
 And so, I went on to new scientists to search for swallowing.
 And actually, I found some stuff about sword swallowing as well.
 So, there is a book that they talked about, which sounds amazing.
 I'm definitely going to buy it.
 It's called Memoirs of a Sword Swallower by Dan Mannix, and it was published in 1951.
 And it talks about all sorts of things.
 But one of them is that people used to swallow giant corkscrews, so, I know, right, so this
 is amazing.
 The way that you do it is you put the corkscrew down into your throat, and you're kind of twisting
 it round.
 And as you're doing it, you're making your pharynx, which is like the bit of your throat
 behind your mouth.
 You're making it kind of jump up and down with a muscle, and then you twist it, and then
 you make it jump again, and then you twist it, and then you make it jump again.
 And you can get the whole corkscrew down your throat.
 Isn't that amazing?
 That's the step of art, isn't it?
 The step of sword swallowing.
 And, do you know what they could also swallow is a duck's penis, could you say?
 Yes, they could.
 What did they want it?
 What in the cabaret act that would be?
 What an excuse when your life comes home.
 I'm a living scabbard.
 Do you know what I think a lot of wives, if they came home and find their heart,
 they had been doing that, and they said, "I'm going to start a career as a giant corkscrew
 swallower."
 They would wish that they'd just been forlating the duck.
 I'll be my position.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Andy.
 My fact is that soldiers in the Russian army weren't issued socks until 2007.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Well, they didn't go around the world fighting barefoot, did they?
 They didn't get... no, no, they're not hippies.
 They're the opposite of hippies in the Russian army, they're very, very tough people.
 But they didn't have the socks that we know and love today.
 Was it a case of bringing your own socks kind of thing?
 No.
 They were issued with footwear for between the shoe and the foot, but the thing that the
 Russian army wore for centuries, actually, were these squares of cloth called Port Yankee.
 I hope I'm pronouncing that right.
 They had cotton ones for the summer and warmer, flannel ones for the winter, and they came
 in a square and you had to do this little elaborate dance of wrapping them around your foot.
 But the thing is, they had lots of advantages.
 So they were cheap to make, they were very easy to wash and dry and mend, and if you've
 got a hole in it, it didn't matter, because there were several layers to them, so one
 hole, you know, is not a problem.
 So there were lots of advantages.
 Yeah.
 So I asked my father-in-law, who was in the Russian army, actually, about these, and he said,
 yeah, they're pretty good, actually, because one thing is the boots they would give you were
 extremely un-flexible.
 So let's say they probably wouldn't fit exactly the shape of your foot.
 In fact, they almost certainly wouldn't, but what you could do with these wraps is you
 could kind of stuff a little bit here, stuff a little bit there, kind of do it on two layers
 here and on one layer there, so it would make your foot fit exactly in the size of your
 boot.
 They could turn your foot into whatever size and shape you'd need it to be.
 Yeah.
 Pretty much, yeah, exactly.
 I watched a video online of someone wrapping their foot up with one of these, and the process
 was very intricate.
 It was like swaddling a baby.
 You have to really tuck it under bits and make sure it flips over this other bit.
 So they're wearing a bag over their foot, really, an elaborate bag over their foot, rather
 than a fitted sock?
 Yeah.
 I mean, what is a sock, but a bag?
 But a footbag?
 That's true.
 A sock is more of a bag than these squares of cloth, actually.
 In a sense.
 I suppose because it's comfortably fitted to one's foot, it feels less baggy, but yeah.
 But socks are really important, if you're in the army, right?
 They're super important.
 Yeah.
 So in the world where one, for instance, they needed socks for their troops.
 And so they got people to knit them, because in those days, the way you made socks was by
 knitting them.
 You didn't have the big manufacturing processes that you have today.
 And the problem with people knitting socks is not everyone is particularly good at knitting.
 Oh, God.
 I would pity the soldier who had to deal with one of my socks.
 It would be hell, you'd go barefoot.
 So for instance, there was one army, one person in the army who wrote a poem, and it said,
 "Thank you, kind lady, your socks are some fit.
 I used one for a hammock, and one for a mitt."
 No.
 Very good.
 I thought he was going to finish saying one for my shit.
 I thought that was going to be there.
 And that's why you're not the poet laureate.
 I know.
 We should never have submitted that rhyme to you when they asked.
 It's so hard to define sock when you start researching it, isn't it?
 It's like, they've sort of existed forever, all they've only existed for a hundred
 years depending on how you do it.
 So, I love this sort of variety.
 And I found that, as I was really trying to get to grips with the history of them, they've
 climbed up and down the leg like nobody's business over the last two thousand years.
 It's so weird.
 So you've got like, I think the oldest sock is from about two thousand years ago.
 And it kind of looks like our socks today, except it has, it was for a sandal.
 And so it's like those socks that have a different bit for each of the toes.
 Like it has one bit for the big toe and then a separate bit for the rest of the foot.
 But then they sort of climbed up the leg gradually so they'd get longer and men were wearing
 breaches when it got to about 14th, 15th century.
 So their trousers as it were will get shorter and shorter.
 And then eventually it got to a time in the 1400s where socks had turned into tights that
 basically revealed the arse and your tunic or your breaches have become a jacket.
 And there were all these laws about who was allowed to show their bum and who wore it.
 The sock was basically the full leg covering by that point.
 And then they sort of descended again and got lower and lower until we have what we have
 today, which is the short sock and trousers.
 So they're just up and down all the time.
 Do you know what that, that sounds like the progress of the Korean war up and down the
 Korean peninsula?
 Do you remember?
 Because originally the North had made its way almost to the complete South of Ireland.
 And then there was a huge troop surge and they got pushed back almost to China.
 And then it stabilized around it.
 Is it the 38th parallel?
 That's where they kind of came to the--
 The 38th parallel?
 Yeah.
 So maybe our socks will eventually stop at that parallel on our leg, which I guess would
 be the knee.
 Yeah, that's the parallel I'm trying to draw, and it's a parallel I regret drawing increasingly.
 People used to be killed by their socks.
 In the 19th century they were a real hazard.
 There were lots of warnings about them.
 This was in the age when dyes were quite dangerous.
 They weren't dyes were deadly.
 And people used to complain constantly that certain types of socks, particularly the brightly
 coloured ones, would leave them with these massive ulcers or swollen feet that they couldn't
 get in and out of their boots and sort of pussy soles, and people would get infections
 from them and die.
 And it got to the stage where in about the 1850s men were recommended to only wear white
 socks because if you had socks that had been dyed by certain types of dye, like a lot
 of them contained arsenic, which was an ideal, then you were risking your very life.
 Wow.
 In fact, the telegraphs--
 The socks get dyed and then you get dyed.
 Again, another reason why you're not poor at loriate, we're just coming up with a lot, aren't we?
 But did they didn't actually kill anyone, did they?
 And I don't think there were any recorded deaths where the cause of death was put on the
 former's socks.
 I didn't find the death certificates, but there were certainly journalists who said that
 they'd been killing people.
 And you can imagine with infections, people weren't very good at staving off, you know.
 I guess, yeah.
 Not in the body.
 And socks advertise themselves for decades afterwards as special, wow, new, non-poisonous
 socks.
 They won't kill you.
 That was the thing.
 Did they?
 Yeah, there are.
 Victorian ads.
 In 2015, someone invented a pair of socks, which were powered by urine.
 Right.
 First question.
 Why do you need to power your socks?
 Can you not get around without powering them?
 Good.
 Great question.
 Thank you.
 No, no, it's not the only question.
 Yeah.
 There's another quite important question coming up about the urine powder.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So, what these are kind of designed for is if you are, let's say you're going for a hike
 or you're out and you get lost or you get into distress and you need to send a signal
 to some people.
 But you've forgotten your phone and your, you know, pager or whatever else you were going
 to use to someone.
 Basically, you're only wearing a pair of socks, you're lost ever though.
 That's right.
 Yeah.
 All your other clothes have gone.
 Yeah.
 You've woken up from a nightmare.
 You shot him like yourself.
 So, what do you do?
 You're naked.
 You're lost.
 All you have is a pair of socks.
 You just put all you have to do is piss yourself and these, when filled with urine and activated
 by your footsteps, they can send a little message to any prospective rescuers because they've
 got these tiny fuel cells which are turned on by fresh urine and the movement of your feet.
 Why do they have to do that?
 Why do they have to include the footstep bit?
 Surely you could just like, I don't know, spin them around or something.
 Why do you have to put your pissy socks back on?
 I don't think you need to take them off in the first place.
 You just need to piss off.
 Carefully weed down your legs.
 Just piss on your feet.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 I think that would be very difficult, especially as a woman, to actually manage to weed into
 a sock whilst wearing it.
 Actually, for a man, most of the challenges not pissing on your feet.
 Yeah.
 And who's this, who's this notifying Andy?
 Is this like some unit of spin centre by the authorities?
 Okay.
 Yeah.
 Like, you know, you know, Prince William, when he worked for Mountain Rescue, he used to
 talk about getting the urine sock alarm every few days, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 So it means that it just proves that you're still alive and that you're worth rescuing.
 Ah.
 Ah, you at that stage?
 I did not.
 I didn't know.
 I didn't know.
 Are you really worth rescuing?
 I think I'm probably rather not be rescued at that point.
 I was just thinking when you said they had adverts for socks that don't kill you.
 You don't see many adverts for socks these days, do you?
 No, that's true.
 Can you just assume you're just going to buy that, by guess?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's usually when they do stunts, isn't it?
 Stunt advertising.
 So Ted Baker did an advert a few years ago, which was they started selling socks in odd pairs.
 So they would sell you instead of just two socks, prepare it.
 They would sell you three because there was a report of how we lose an odd sock.
 We always have an odd sock.
 So why not give you an extra sock so that you've always got a pair on the go, yeah?
 That's quite clever.
 I find that very annoying and discomforting, actually.
 Yeah, me too, actually.
 That was very stunty.
 Yeah.
 They had a sock amnesty.
 You were meant to bring in that one odd sock if you were able to buy the pack of three.
 Basically, what happens is, as soon as you buy these three socks, you immediately have
 an odd sock.
 Yes.
 So if you buy two, if you buy two of them, then you don't, then you have three pairs of socks.
 Right.
 But then you can buy three pairs of socks, aren't you?
 Yeah.
 No, but there is a thing about sorting your socks, which is how amazingly difficult it
 gets as soon as you have any reasonable number of interesting socks.
 So if you have, so, and there are two problems with sock matching, which is if you have more
 than one pair, which I do, sorry, bragg, hashtag bragg, one of them is full of piss, though.
 But if you have more than one pair, firstly, you need to pair more socks, obviously.
 But secondly, there is a larger part of unmatched socks that you have to hunt through, right?
 So if you have five pairs of socks, it actually takes 25 times longer to match than one pair
 of socks.
 Okay.
 This is by an algorithm.
 Allegedly, if you have 100 different pairs of socks, right, it would take 10,000 times
 longer to sort them, then one pair of socks.
 No, I don't believe that.
 And that's worked out that you're obviously sort of pairing them down every time you find a pair.
 Yeah, I mean, I see the algorithms done its job.
 I think so.
 But they haven't done trials.
 The end it gets easier.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 But the answer, obviously, is to only buy one kind of socks and just buy a hundred of those.
 Yeah.
 Hey, Andy, I've got one more question about your piss socks.
 Oh my gosh.
 God.
 James raised a point there before, which is sometimes it's difficult for guys to aim properly
 and that could land.
 But has there been any cases where the authorities have busted into someone's house because they
 pissed on their socks all the time?
 Yeah, I think that's that.
 Not as far as I know, but what a great question.
 It sounds like you haven't really done the research here, Andy.
 I'm just talking about the fact that there's no sock advertising.
 I really like fun socks.
 And so I'm quite surprised that people don't, you know, companies don't make a bigger
 deal out of them.
 And I especially feel sorry for men when they have to wear suits or like quite bland matching
 outfits.
 I know you're all wearing like cartoon themed tops today, but we're working from home.
 But that's the only way that you can really express yourself, right?
 It's by wearing stupid socks.
 So I was looking at some stupid socks and I hadn't realized something that I think a lot
 of Canadians are aware of, which is that true dough engages in sock diplomacy a lot.
 And so every sort of diplomatic event he goes to, he's wearing a different and appropriate
 pair of socks.
 And it was particularly apparent when he marched in Toronto's gay pride parade, wearing
 a rainbow striped pair, but printed with the words eedmubarak because it was also eed
 the end of Ramadan at the time.
 Wow.
 And they were made by a Toronto based company.
 Unfortunately, unfortunately nobody noticed any of that because he was also blacked up
 at the time.
 And I have one fact about which could have gone into this fact all the previous one, okay?
 Okay.
 So in 2014, there was a great day in an Oregon which was found to be in some distress and
 his owners took him to the vet.
 And if you combine this fact with the previous one, you know what I'm about to say, but they
 found he'd been swallowing socks.
 And they've-
 It's all really just now about guessing the number of pairs of socks that he's wearing
 from our perspective.
 How long do you think it would have taken to match the socks of that kind of reason?
 I reckon the maximum number of socks that a great day can eat for your notice and take
 them to the vet is 16.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 Pairs or individuals?
 Individuals.
 Because I guess they wouldn't necessarily swallow them in pairs.
 Go on.
 Any other guesses?
 I'm going to say one sock, yes.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 Great Danes are.
 They're great.
 So they can fit probably quite a lot.
 I think 30 socks.
 I'm going to say, Dan, my ex had a dog who once had a sock and we had to get the sock out
 of it, which was an interesting day for us.
 But I'm not sure that the international press would have been particularly interested in
 jumping to one sock.
 Or you missed an opportunity in reporting your story, James.
 Yeah.
 No, that's very good tactical thinking from James.
 So thank you, Dan, for just getting one sock.
 Because normally I was assuming you would do your usual thing and guess if you can 5,000
 socks.
 Exactly.
 I was going to say 100,000.
 This dog had eaten 43 and a half socks.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And they had to do a sockectomy on it.
 And in fact, this became news because it was published in the Trade magazine, Veterinary Practice
 News.
 And they had a competition for the animal which had eaten the most unusual thing.
 And this great Dan won.
 Great.
 But there were some other runners-up in the competition which included a frog in Texas which
 had eaten the rocks from its rockery and a dog in Florida which had eaten the kebab.
 Now, that doesn't sound interesting, but it had also eaten the skewer.
 Oh, God.
 That's going to hurt.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in 2016 a man won the lottery for the second time using the exact
 same numbers that won it for him the first time.
 That man's name is Larry Gamble's.
 And he hasn't changed his name since he did this.
 No, no.
 This was his name.
 He also like bouncing around fields like a sheep.
 He's not Larry Gamble's.
 Oh, sorry.
 That's a different guy.
 I think he is.
 Larry Gamble's, he's from Madison, Illinois, which is a small place south of Chicago.
 And he won a million dollars in 2016 as part of a lottery and the numbers that he used were
 the same numbers that he used nine years ago when he won 50,000 in a different lottery.
 So he worked twice for him.
 And yeah, he obviously made the news because of his name because of his name, you know,
 it's not like a great day in the sock.
 He was asked if he had any advice on how to win the lottery, which is a great question
 for journalists to ask.
 And he said, "Pick your favourite numbers and stick with them.
 It worked for me."
 That is.
 So there you go.
 Guaranteed.
 Sure, if I were winning.
 I would argue that that's bad advice, though, right?
 Because unless your favourite numbers are numbers that no one else likes, which is pretty
 unlikely, statistically, you're more likely to like the number seven or the number three
 or whatever.
 You want to be choosing numbers that no one likes.
 You want to be choosing horrible ones.
 You're right.
 Yeah, because then you get more.
 Well, there was an article I was reading, which was saying that in each national lottery
 draw, 10,000 people on average choose the numbers one, two, three, four, five and six.
 And given the amount of most jackpots, which is about four million, that means even if
 you win, you get four hundred quid.
 Yeah.
 Oh, wow.
 Because it has a split between those people.
 Mad.
 I reckon that that serves you right for being so unimaginative.
 Agreed.
 I could not agree more.
 Also, I know the number of combinations is so massive that, and I know that that is as
 likely a combination of numbers as any other.
 Is that correct?
 Yeah.
 Like getting those one, two, three.
 However, I think we can all agree.
 It's just not going to happen, is it?
 It's never going to be one, two, three, four, five, six.
 It's not.
 You're right.
 Of course not.
 Imagine the statistics be damned.
 It will be a complete scandal.
 It will be outrageous.
 Actually, you know, you've got the first ever lottery ticket in the UK.
 I think it was John Major.
 Oh, yeah.
 Prime Minister.
 Did they not say that he was worried that he was going to win or something?
 Yes.
 He hoped he wouldn't win, because if he won, he would have to give the money back, and he
 knew that his wife would be furious if he won and then he'd have to give back the money.
 Imagine if the first ever national lottery, right?
 It came up.
 And I know if you guys remember it, you're probably too young.
 I remember it because I was 16 and I could buy tickets.
 It was really exciting.
 But imagine if the first ball that came out was one, and then it was two, and it was three
 and a four, then five and six, which is equally likely it could have happened.
 Yeah.
 I think that would have been just the end of it.
 No one would have trusted it ever again.
 It would have been a scandal.
 No one would ever buy a ticket again.
 And then John Major's in the corner, because he is absolutely the sort of guy who would
 have taken those numbers.
 Yes.
 It's just likely.
 So any other combination?
 I find this sticking with the same numbers thing really weird, because I found a headline in
 the telegraph.
 This just made me laugh so much.
 It said, "Millionaire lottery winner dreamt numbers 28 years ago."
 And this was a woman who, these numbers came to her in a dream in 1989, and then in 2017, they
 came up.
 Wow.
 Did the dream tell her that it was 2017, or did she just not go round to it?
 No, she'd been, she'd been placing the bets.
 Every single week on that number.
 So many ways.
 Yeah.
 What grandmother does that?
 Okay.
 My grandmother keeps the same numbers.
 I think I do see the logic in keeping the same numbers once you've decided on them, because
 then if the numbers do come out, you feel like, "Ah, they were my numbers, and I should have
 put them back on this week, and I didn't do it."
 Yes.
 And once you've started doing that, see the logic between behind not stopping.
 My grandmother says that she didn't buy them one week, and that was the week when numbers
 came up.
 I just don't believe it at all, but she, that's a story in our family, she says it.
 The other logical fallacy that people have is that they look at the numbers and they're
 out by just one.
 And you're like, "Ah, I had 45, and 46 came out, but apart from the fact that each ball is
 not related, they're just numbers."
 Yeah.
 But of course, there are twice as many numbers that are won away from your number as your
 actual number.
 Oh, yeah.
 So your twice is likely to be won away as the actual number.
 That's a really good point.
 I had thought about that.
 Andy, you were saying about the person who came up with the number through a dream.
 Did you hear about this guy in Spain in the 1970s?
 No.
 No.
 So the way it works in Spain is you could go around the shop looking for specific numbers.
 They printed out the numbers and you would choose whichever one you wanted.
 This guy decided that he wanted a lottery ticket ending in 48, 48, so he went around all
 the shops and eventually found a ticket and he bought it and he won the lottery and they interviewed
 him afterwards like they always do and they said, "Oh, why, you know, what was your secret?"
 And he said, "Oh, well, I was looking for this 48 and they said, "Oh, why are you looking
 for the 48?"
 And he said, "Well, I dreamt of the number seven for seven straight nights and seven times
 seven is 48."
 So good.
 And it worked.
 I love to win.
 Have you guys heard of Stefan Mandel?
 You may well have done researching people who won the lottery lots.
 So he was a Romanian economist and he ended up winning the lottery 14 times because he worked
 out that what he would do is he would form a syndicate and he grew up very, very poor
 Romania.
 He wanted to earn some real money and he would find a lottery and he would wait until
 the jackpot for the lottery was bigger than all possible combinations of tickets.
 So if you bought, you know, every single number.
 So that only applies to certain lotteries obviously because if you did it for things like
 the Euro-Million, it will be so expensive to buy tickets for every combination.
 So he formed this syndicate and he what waited and then he would just buy every single ticket.
 But the main tricky thing is the logistics of it.
 So he had a team of people in Melbourne, he moved to Australia and he found a lottery in
 Virginia in the USA which had enough money in the jackpot.
 So you could print your own tickets at the time.
 So he printed off one ton of tickets.
 He had to ship them all the way to the USA from Australia.
 He waited for the jackpot to be right and then on a certain week in 1992 the jackpot hit
 $15 million and he said this is the week we need to go for it.
 But he had to form a team of people to take 1.4 million tickets to a shop and queue up, pay
 for them, get them processed and they're registered as being properly bought.
 And they had three days to do it, 1.4 million tickets.
 He hired couriers who had tens of thousands of tickets each and almost all of them got
 through but there was one batch of tickets, 140,000 which weren't registered.
 There was one ticket which wasn't bought, it was one, two, three, four, five, six.
 And so when the time came there was so stressed obviously that the jackpot was in that one combination
 of numbers they would have missed out.
 Thankfully they got it and they won.
 How much was it then that ended up being divided as in how much did each person get?
 Did they get enough to make it worth that obscene and absurd apple?
 I think a lot of people did not get enough to make it worth a hassle but I think he got
 several million dollars and he moved to Vanuatu, the Pacific Island so yeah but everyone got
 some money, everyone did win, you know.
 Okay, worth it.
 I was just thinking if you did buy all the tickets apart from one then basically your odds
 of it being a complete disaster is the same as my odds of winning the lottery if I only buy
 one ticket, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 That's true.
 I am flukking at things.
 It's always showing us the new angle.
 That's the odds of losing the lottery in that case, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 I think about another guy in Melbourne actually, as you said that guy was who won and he sort
 of often appears on articles about you know Lockest Man in the world and that's this guy
 called Bill Morgan who was in the 90s, he had a bad accident actually and this ends happily
 by the way that's why people say he's the Lockest Man in the world before you start getting
 upset.
 So he had an accident where he ended up dead for 14 minutes.
 Oh right, sorry.
 He genuinely, I thought that was a very short story.
 He ended up dead for 14 minutes like clinically dead but they resuscitated him, he you know
 and twice, he was in a coma for 12 days, they were advised to turn off his life support
 twice because they were like he's going to be completely brain dead but he woke up completely
 fine, turned up, didn't have any brain damage at all.
 So he proposed to his girlfriend straight away, said yes and to celebrate a bit of a low
 brown way of celebrating but he bought a scratch card and he scratched it off and he'd want
 a car and so he was delighted about this and he, and the local news, very, very local news
 I guess got in touch but I mean it was quite a big story because he'd been in this coma and
 he'd suddenly come out and he'd won this car.
 So the local news came.
 Did the local news, the local news also accuse him of being low brown for celebrating coming
 out of his coma?
 I think what I meant was it was quite an underwhelming way to celebrate buying one scratch
 card, you know?
 Okay.
 Look fine, it's a perfectly decent way to celebrate surviving a coma and getting engaged
 buying a scratch card.
 I know what you mean because it's like if you get engaged there's, it's sort of saying
 I am happy to be with you rather than I wish for a dramatic change in my life circumstances.
 So it's a slightly, there's a bit of side eye to it if you say let's, let's try and change
 everything.
 It's actually a bit of an insult, isn't it?
 Right now I've doomed my life, let's try and find something that can possibly resuscitate
 it.
 Anyway, this film, local film crew came to film his delight and they asked him to reenact
 the moment that he'd won the car and so they got him to buy another scratch card and
 scratch it off to reenact.
 Oh my god, I've won a car and then he looked down at the scratch card and he went, oh my
 god, I've won $250,000 and they were like, well you got the line wrong mate and there's
 other scratch card, one of 250 grand.
 Wow.
 And he immediately dumped his fiancee.
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show and that is James.
 Okay, in my fact this week is that Zagreb has a museum of hangovers.
 His inventor was inspired when a friend woke up one morning with an unexplained bike pedal
 in his pocket.
 So this is a guy called a Reno W. Yockovich who was a university student in Zagreb in Croatia
 and he said that he told journalists that a friend spoke about how he woke up with a bicycle
 pedal in his pocket and I thought, as I listened to him, why not set up a place and museum with
 a collection of these objects as stories that will illustrate in a funny way these evenings
 of drunkenness and the hangover the next day.
 I rather than just thinking it, he actually went and did it and this is the thing that now
 exists in Croatia.
 It's amazing that it's a real place, yeah.
 Yeah, it sounds really cool, doesn't it?
 The idea of visit when you go inside it, it recreates your drunken journey home so it's
 room by room, you start in the bar and then you go on to sort of graffiti lined walls
 that emulate a street and then you get to store fronts and then at a guard and finally your
 bedroom.
 That's the end of the museum.
 Finally, you swallow your house key.
 They have chalkboard in there where it features the beginning of a sentence which is, I woke
 up with and then you can write in your answers of, you know, the worst thing you've woken
 up with when you've had a hangover and answers in the museum at the moment or when this
 answer was written include two stray dogs, a lot of pumpkins and I saw the girl who wrote
 this, one eye, now this is very frustrating because I saw there's like a video footage
 of inside the museum and you see this girl write one eye but you only see her in profile
 so I couldn't find out if she was lying.
 But it could be that you've lost one of your eyes so you've woken up with one eye or that
 you've woken up with someone else's eye in addition to your own.
 It's either one or three eyes you've got altogether, isn't it?
 Yes, exactly.
 Yeah.
 Which would you prefer?
 Oh.
 I should think three.
 I don't know.
 That implies you might have done something awful though.
 Does it?
 I think that waking up with only one eye implies that something awful has happened.
 No, but I mean, I think it depends if you'd rather harm yourself or someone else James.
 Maybe that's the difference between you and me, you know?
 Well, one other difference between you and me is I assumed I just found the eye.
 I need to.
 I've done something awful to someone to get it.
 I assume I've gouged it out of a love ride.
 I've just seen James.
 You're happy with the three eye option yet the three sock option you seem to be very hesitant
 to have.
 Well, what I'm thinking is if I've had three more eyes, then I might have to have some eyes.
 But James, that will take longer to match them all up.
 Yep.
 You're absolutely right.
 You've got a big pile of eyes that you have to match with.
 Yeah.
 Not if they're all the same colours.
 As long as you've got all blue eyes, you're fine, right?
 Yep.
 Yeah, that's true.
 So if you're ever going to be gouging out people's eyes, why don't go for people
 with the same eye colour.
 Just a little tip.
 Probably an amateur to the professional murderous out there.
 I think I would definitely hope for the chance that I had done something horrible over the
 guarantee of having lost an eye.
 Because I trust my drunken self not to take someone's eye.
 Yeah.
 And maybe...
 You take a gamble and not having removed someone's eye by force rather than the guarantee
 of having your own eye.
 But that may be an inflated sense of my own generosity and pleasantness when drunk.
 Well, yeah.
 Because you and I went on a big night out, quite recently, Andy.
 Didn't we?
 We did.
 How we were the last two men standing for the end of that night out.
 And James, you've been missing three fingers ever since.
 So hangovers.
 Yeah.
 Mmm.
 They're not fun.
 How they?
 No.
 And they're very damaging.
 So on average, 200,000 British workers turn up to work hungover every day.
 And I imagine in these days a lockdown more than that.
 And there's been a couple of papers that have pointed out it's weird that not more research
 has gone into it because it has a massive impact on the economy and on society.
 That number of people being quite debilitating the ill on a daily basis is losing the country
 a lot of money.
 And I was reading one editorial in the current drug abuse journal, which says it's
 really surprising.
 We haven't come up with a cure because of these consequences.
 And it speculates that there's probably ethical reasons.
 So people basically think, a hangover is kind of your punishment.
 You got drunk.
 You can stop getting drunk and then not have hangovers.
 But the journal points out that people assume a hangover's punishment that will prevent
 similar drinking episodes in future.
 However, there is no scientific evidence that supports this assumption.
 Whereas during the hangover, people often state they will never drink again.
 This has never been found to happen.
 It's true.
 That's true.
 The way I like to look at it is you're kind of borrowing some fun from the next day, right?
 So if you go out drinking on Friday, then you're borrowing some of Saturday morning's fun
 and having it on Friday night.
 So you have more fun on Friday, but then on Saturday, you just feel like not fun at all,
 right?
 That's a really good way of looking.
 Oh my God, that's an amazing way of thinking about it.
 But that explains because I'm very keen on deferring gratification as far as possible.
 Which probably explains why I'm not a very big drinker because I think, well, I'd rather
 have no fun at all tonight in the hope of having lots tomorrow.
 Well, what you could do is play the lottery, like a friend of mine does, where he buys lottery
 ticket and then he doesn't look at it until the next week, until after the next week's
 draw has been made.
 And he's already bought next week's lottery ticket.
 And what that means is that he always potentially has a winning lottery ticket in his
 wallet.
 So he's always got a potentially lottery winning ticket on him.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Is he a happy man or is he a bit weird?
 Is you, isn't it?
 It's him.
 Oh God.
 I was reading about a pretty spectacular hangover that happened in China.
 There's a guy called Jiang Wu, who was staying at a bed and breakfast in Qingdao.
 He had fallen asleep in what he thought was his bed and breakfast.
 It actually turned out to be a shipping container that was being loaded the very next morning
 onto a cargo that was going to set sail for Los Angeles.
 So he woke up inside the container.
 He luckily had his phone on him, who was called as friends.
 He couldn't get through to a bunch of people called the police.
 Eventually, they worked out where he might be by tracking the phone.
 And they found him in a stack of cargo containers that were reaching 60 feet high.
 And they had to go through.
 I'd log about, and if he'd not, if he'd not work enough, if it'd been a few hours later,
 I think they said he would have been on his way to Los Angeles.
 Oh my God.
 It's a pretty holiday.
 There's quality of Airbnb's in the city you mentioned, then, must be so low.
 Maybe they have extremely luxury shipping containers.
 Yeah, maybe.
 Yeah.
 No.
 I actually have a favourite hangover that I've, I thought it's my favourite hangover for
 a long time, and I'm so glad I get to share it.
 It's Alexander the Great.
 I think he had the best hangover of all time.
 OK.
 So this is in 330 BC, and one of his greatest conquests was he conquered Persepolis.
 It was the Persian capital, and they've been building up to it for ages.
 It's this huge, historic moment.
 And it had a magnificent palace, or series of palaces.
 And they had hundreds of years' worth of great Persian art and sculpture and writing
 and lots of treasure.
 It was the proper jewel of the empire.
 So anyway, Alexander the Great storms in with his troops takes over this empire.
 It's the capital, massive moment.
 And then, so according to one account, everyone got really pissed, as you do, celebrating,
 absolutely hammers.
 And apparently, the drinking was far advanced, and Drunken Madness took possession of their
 minds.
 And then, according to various accounts, either Alexander and his assistance decided,
 or this woman decided, who was one of their mistresses, decided that what they should
 do is they should just burn the whole place down.
 So she said, wouldn't it be really funny if you got us a bunch of women to burn down this
 amazing Persian city that's taken so long to build?
 And they giddy with wine decided that would indeed be absolutely hilarious.
 And they burnt down the entire place.
 And so I just love the added Alexander the Great woke up the next morning in his newly conquered
 palace in the city.
 And went, oh my god, what have I done?
 Wow.
 And that's it.
 And destroyed the Great, and we'll never have that.
 We'll never have the great jewel of that Persian empire.
 They need to make that into a movie, a sort of historical version of the hangover, the movie
 just to see what his 24 hours were opposed to that.
 Wow.
 The ancient cures are so much fun for hangovers.
 So there was a big thing of wearing a wreath of flowers in your hair.
 If you did that while drinking, doctors thought that had curative properties, and that you
 might not get the hangover the next day, did they have to be specific flowers, do you think?
 I think they probably would have been because that was a big thing, wasn't it?
 You know, this will cure this and so on.
 But we know that the treatises about this were written.
 We just don't know what was in them because we just have references to them.
 So we don't know exactly which flowers were for which drinks.
 It's not very helpful, is it?
 I know.
 So lovely idea as well.
 Everyone just in the pub is wearing a wreath of flowers on their head while they get
 battered.
 It was quite nice.
 There was being boiled in a coffin and then buried in hay, which is less nice.
 This is an alpine tradition.
 I've read about it in this book, which I really want to get full of books, by a guy called
 Shaunasi Bishop's Stool.
 And he's written a book called "Hungover," the morning after, and "One Man's Quest" for
 the cure.
 And he basically went on this quest of getting drunk every single night in order that he
 could test out.
 And he tried this one, which is traditional, where you lie in this wooden coffin in a dark
 room and you shut in, and then this lady scoops boiling water into it till you're really hot,
 and then you get lifted out and chucked into a massive pile of hay and then covered up
 with hay.
 And then she digs you out and you're good to go.
 I swear for tries, isn't it?
 Is it for tries?
 Does he report what it's like?
 Did it work?
 Because he felt sort of euphoric afterwards, but he didn't actually seem to say that it
 definitely worked, but he did come up with a hangover cure in this book, and I trust this
 more than anything, because no one's come up with a proper hangover cure, except this guy
 who said, "The only solution to the proper hangover symptoms of nausea and headache, basically."
 So we don't really care about tiredness and stuff, that's just like snap out of it, have
 a coffee.
 But nausea and headache, before you go to sleep, take milk thistle for your liver and
 then you take an amino acid called enacetylcystine, apparently, which is inhaled as mist.
 I looked it up, you can inhale it as mist, right?
 Then take vitamins B1, B6 and B12 and some frankincense.
 If you do that.
 Well, we're going to get all this stuff.
 I thought you might be growing it in your garden, I think it'd be easier for me to fight
 a coffin, some hay, you're the Swiss lady.
 Yeah.
 Anna, I love the fact that in a time where we cannot buy tomatoes or pasta, you'll
 recommend it.
 People go out and get themselves some frankincense.
 If you go to Tesco, the frankincense is completely empty at the moment, but you should be able
 to inhale it as a mist, so just go and buy a packet of mist and your local shop.
 Guys.
 I just, there hasn't been as much of a run on mist as the house been on Exfer Institute.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 Andy.
 @AnduHunterRam.
 And Jizinski.
 You can email podcast@ky.com.
 Yep.
 Well, you can go to our group account, which is at no such thing.
 You can go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 Do check it out.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 It's a merchandise.
 There's a lot of stuff to check out.
 Do go.
 Anyway, we'll be back again next week with another episode.
 In the meantime, we do really hope that you're all doing okay, that your family's okay,
 your friends are okay.
 Please stay indoors.
 We will get through this.
 And thanks for continuing to listen to us throughout this whole process.
 We'll see you again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
