 [Music]
 Hi everyone, Merry Christmas and welcome to this episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 We have something very special for you today. It is our Christmas special. Well, it's kind of a
 20-25 special. We've looked at this entire year and we found our favorite news stories. Do you
 remember when we used to do our own TV show called No Such Things and News? Well, this is a kind of
 version of that where we don't have to do makeup. I don't have to sit in front of the camera.
 I really hope you enjoy it. I really hope you had a great Christmas. I know not everyone
 has a great time this time of year, but if you didn't, I hope you can kind of just turn off
 for the next hour and listen to us. Be really silly. If you'd like some more fish in your life perhaps
 to help that time between Christmas and New Year go very, very quickly, then the place to go is
 definitely Patreon. It's patreon.com/no Such Thing as a Fish and there you can find everything about
 club fish, all of that extra content that you can get with all of our different tiers. Not only will
 you get lots of extra stuff, but you will be helping to support the podcast. So do go there. If you fancy
 it, if not, then please stay here and listen to the podcast, which is free and which will always
 be free. Okay, I'll be the podcast.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a very special Boxing Day edition.
 I hope you had a great Christmas. I hope you got all the presents you wanted and here's an extra
 present for you, a sort of different No Such Thing as a Fish today because we are going to be going
 through not our favorite facts from the last seven days, but our favorite bits of news from the last
 365 days. We are now presenting the podcast of the year in sort of tribute to our books,
 The Book of the Year and our TV show No Such Thing as the News. So this is the podcast of the book
 of the TV show of the podcast of the podcast of the TV show because it came from QI.
 Yeah. So this is the podcast of the book of the TV show of the podcast of the TV show and in no
 particular order, here we go. It's like the Blade Runner of podcasts. Yeah. So we're actually doing
 something different today because as well as finding our favorite news stories, we have actually
 tracked down characters from the news to tell us their story. And so I'm going to go first. I'm going
 to play a little bit of audio now and James and Andy, let's see if you can work out who this is
 from the news this year. Okay. I know such thing as a fish. This is Maryl Burnett from the department
 of psychological and brain sciences at the University of Massachusetts and most. This year,
 along with my co-writer Paul Silvia, I published a scientific paper that set out to answer a very
 important question. So what do you think that question was? Oh, okay, quite vague. Quite vague.
 University of Massachusetts, so Boston, perhaps. Yep. Some to do with the tea party. Oh,
 so do the New England Patriots for the team? How many sugars were there in the Boston
 tea party? How many sandwiches? Yeah. No, we're nowhere near close. And yes, it is so vague that
 it's going to be virtually impossible to get. Well, no, Dan's interests. Yeah, via to the
 cryptid. His wife. There's no way of talking about vanilla. Sorry, I didn't hear what you said
 initially. The cryptid. Oh, sorry, yeah. Harry, mythical and terrifying beast. Vanilla is much
 loved by everyone. That's such thing as fish. I think God, she doesn't listen to our show.
 So is it they've discovered why people believe for this rubbish? No, it's not to do with, it's not
 to do with that sort of weird world. Psychologist, did she say? Yeah. So it's something to do with the way
 that people act. Maybe why we cry? Why we cry in public? Why I cry in public? Why we kiss? That's been
 the study this year. That has been a study. Well, because it's good for podcast team unity. It's
 just stops you crying. I think it's relevant to what ends up happening a lot on this show when we
 tedious arguments about minor points of information. But now jokes. Oh, now we're getting into
 the zone. Bad jokes. It's not bad jokes. Let me give you the answer. Here's the answer from
 Maryl Burnett. The question we asked was what's brown and sticky? And the answer, of course, is a stick.
 Actually, that was just the title of the paper. The thing we really wanted to know is who finds
 dad jokes funny. And after collecting over 32,000 jokes and putting them to a group of volunteers,
 we found our answer. And so my fact for your podcast of the year is this. The people who find
 dad jokes the funniest are, in fact, dads. Oh, well, I beg to differ. My daughter fives by jokes hilarious.
 I agree with you. If our kids were involved in this, now this is Maryl Burnett. And she wrote a paper
 this year called What's Brown and Sticky peering into the electable comedic mystery of dad humor,
 with a handful of machine learning models, hundreds of humans, and tens of thousands of dad jokes.
 And so they collected 32,000 different dad jokes, which can all now be found on one PDF online,
 by the way, if anyone wants to get their hands on that. So they came out with multiple different
 conclusions, but the main one being that dads definitely found the dad jokes the funniest of any group.
 I think that makes sense because you wouldn't tell the joke if you didn't think it was funny.
 Yes. So you automatically think it's funny when you say it.
 I'm not sure I always do. I'm just trying to get a laugh. And I'm pretty dead behind the eyes,
 you know, what I'm telling any joke, actually. Are we talking about, yeah, we're not talking about
 dad jokes here, are we? We're talking about your stand-up set. Just anything I do. Yeah. I'm trying
 to get a laugh, but that's the only calculation I make is for the audience laugh. Okay, fair enough.
 And they often don't. Interesting, because I'm so self-centred, all I care about is whether I find it
 funny or not. But this says a lot about us. Yeah, yeah. What about Dan? You just do long
 stuatly style monobugs to your kids, don't you? They don't usually hear the end of the punchline
 because they're gone to school by that time. Surely, there is no punchline. That's where means
 to it slightly, right? I try to swing a punchline in about the 25-minute mark. Yeah, it's an interesting
 study. I asked her actually, by the way, about what her least favorite dad joke was because, you know,
 she must have her favorites and her the ones she doesn't like. She said these are the two. It's a tie.
 Why is a fish my best friend? Because he's with me single swim. Oh, really good. It's really nice.
 Yeah, I don't know. He always keeps it real with me. Now, she hates that because she says,
 real is obviously a fishing term and real sounds like real, which would make it keep it real,
 a proper sentence, but keeps it real makes no sense. She just hates the logic that that doesn't apply.
 Is it real? What does that mean? Keeps a real. Keeps it real. Keeps itself on the end of the real.
 Yeah, yeah. I see what you mean. Doesn't work. So she hates it for the lack of logic. She says,
 contrast this with justice is a dish best served cold. If it were served warm, it would be called
 just water. Because it's just ice. Yeah, certainly. That works better in the Boston accent.
 And it works as well, I think, as a sentence, rather than as a spoken out thing. I actually think the
 first one isn't a dad joke. To me, a dad joke is something you say repeatedly whenever something
 happens. Yes. Like if your kid says, I'm thirsty, you say, hello, first day, I'm Friday. Yes.
 And this is my friend, Robin, it's a true. So like, and but they do it all the time. Every single time.
 Or like Anna's mum, who whenever Anna said, can you turn on the lights, she would go over and start
 flirting with lights. I think that is a proper dad joke. That's proper dad joke. And I don't think
 a bad joke is a dad joke personally. I say one. Yeah. Yeah. That's a good point. I say a dad joke
 virtually every day in our house, which is the same one. It's the same one. At the end of the day,
 finale will say, can you draw the curtains? And I always say, well, I'd love to, but I don't have a pen.
 The kids got to bed hours ago. Jesus, I'm paging across the Tibetan Highlands.
 So anyway, thank you so much, Maryl Burnett. Yeah, great work. But this brings us into the world of
 science, science news. Yeah, do you know there was a study this year that found
 that Kappu might be the cause of the decline of fertility around the world? Okay, so more people
 have cats. More cats means more Kappu. Yeah. Kappu is horrible. Yeah. The more you're exposed to Kappu,
 the less likely you are to think, I'm in the mood for love. Actually, didn't we say in one of our
 earlier podcasts that the more disgusted you are? Or the more aroused you are. That's just the
 opposite the other way around. I can't remember. It's the more aroused you are, the more you're willing
 to do disgusting things. Okay, so maybe it's like every time someone gets a bit hardy, instead of
 having sex and having children, they go and take the Kappu out. Yes, yes, exactly.
 Now what this is, is it's toxoplasma gondii, which is a parasite that you find in Kappu.
 There's been studies about this for a while, like if they give it to mice, it makes them more brave
 and stuff like that. Yes, yeah. But they found this year that if you put human sperm in Kappu,
 then the sperm gets decapitated. It's okay. And so they wonder if there might be something in the Kappu
 that could be a natural spermicide. And that could be the cause for the fact that male fertility is
 going down all over the world at the moment, which it is. Wow. If men are exposed to Kappu,
 somehow the thing gets inside them and is already acting away inside their bodies.
 I hate the thought of it. It's like a little sort of French revolution for all your sperm.
 They're all being guillotine. Yeah, that's horrible. I don't have a cat and I have three kids and
 you've got a cat. You've got one kid. Well, that's, that is a data point. On the other hand,
 my child came maybe a year and a half after we got our cat. So with us, it didn't quite work out,
 but this is a thing about science. Our two tiny bits of data, that isn't science. You have to take
 in hundreds of thousands of bits of data. Yes. Agreed. Hence why my papers always get rejected.
 Excuse me, my mate James. I don't really think about something that's going wrong with scientific
 papers this year, which is so interesting. Basically, there is this phrase that is starting to turn up
 in papers, right? Vegetative electron microscopy. Okay. Well, I know what electron microscopy is.
 Right. I've done scanning tunneling electron microscopy at university.
 A few? Yeah. I've used a scanning tunneling microscope. It's another episode of the
 thousand lives of James Harkin. It is. I think that my lives are so less. I mean, the way
 we're interested with yours, Andy. But like, yeah, no, you can't say, oh, like, oh, my landscape is
 more mountainous than Norfolk. It's just like, it cares. Yeah. But compared to Dan, Dan has lived
 a billion lives. Dan's had an interesting life. Do you two both look, I just look up at both your
 lives and I'm really impressed. Anyway, okay, vegetative electron microscopy, your right James,
 it means nothing. It's not a meaningful phrase. Okay. But it has become what scientists are calling,
 a digital fossil. This is so cool. It's a mistake. There was a, there were some scientific papers
 printed in the 50s and 60s, which were written on columns, you know, like long tall columns of
 print. Yeah. And when these papers were being digitized, the two things got bolted onto each other.
 So the words are not next to each other in the original text, but the digitizing machine
 just bolted them together. This has now started turning up in lots of papers because it's somehow
 got into the knowledge base of AI models. And people are starting to use AI to generate science
 papers. And this is disastrous. You know, this is proof that there's real brain rot going on at the
 heart of lots of the AI models that are being used. And lots of science papers are being found,
 which contain phrases like, I am an AI model, or I am a large model. It breaks loose this year.
 Yeah. Oh, come on. First gonorrhea vaccine. Oh, what a treat. Finally.
 Good news. It's only got a performance rate of 30 or 40 percent. But that's better than nothing.
 I hate. Yeah. That's terrific. First successful bladder transplant. One has never been done
 until this year. Really? That's good. Really. And I think it's in China. Some scientists have
 invented contact lenses, which give you infrared vision and let you see things even if your
 eyes are closed. Now. That's cool. Is that what if you want to close your eyes because you don't want
 it like you're watching a scary movie. Yeah. And you think, Oh, I don't want to see what's happening
 here. So I close my eyes, but then you can still see it. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 You walk into your parrot's bedroom, but they're shagging. I want to give a quick shout out to
 an amazing person who passed away this year, an Australian called James Harrison. He was 88
 years old when he passed this year. And he is one of the most prolific blood donors that we've ever
 known. So he was known in Australia as the man with the golden arm. His blood contained a rare
 antibody, anti D, which is used in medication that's given to pregnant mothers and its blood plasma
 basically that he's handing over. Now he has been doing this since he was 18 years old, donating
 his blood every two weeks until he was 81 years old. Crazy. Yeah. You can't stick her every time.
 And a lollipop. And a lollipop is morbidly obese by the end. I talked about cats earlier. There's
 been some dog studies this year. The epidemiology and clinical management of acute diarrhea in dogs
 on the primary veterinary care in the UK was a study that I read. And it's very, very technical,
 lots of lists of dogs, lots of reasons why they get diarrhea, very complicated. But what I took out
 of it is that cockapoo's are 25% more likely to suffer from diarrhea than shit zoos. Brilliant.
 Why didn't put that as the headline? I don't know why they gave it that wordy thing. I feel like most
 science reports to just send you a quick email for the story breaks just for a quick rewrite on the
 headlines. The case is a dad joke. Yeah. Exactly.
 All right. It's time for fact number two. And that is Andy's fact. Okay. Here is my guest
 introducing him or herself. Yeah. See what you make of it. Okay. All them. All them. Right.
 Hi, fish. My name is Lee Durant. I'm a radio presenter in the late district. Can you guess what I
 did this year that made a few headlines? Okay. Very nice. So Lee Durant Lake district. He's got
 that DJ voice. He's got a great voice. Yeah. So like he's on the district radio. Okay. Yeah. Maybe he
 launched a load of Sabrina carpenter of CDs into the water. Oh, yes. That's what he did. Yeah.
 Submariner carpenter. Yeah. Take a drink. You've earned that. You earned that sip. Yeah.
 Okay. So is it related to music or it is related to music? He did something in the course of his
 job, which was okay. And but also related to the late district. Oh, okay. Interesting. Oh, no. What?
 I've just thought of something that's in the late district. Oh, yeah. Something that's very
 special to Andy's heart. Oh, is it anything to do with the pencil museum? I wish it were.
 Oh, it's not the Kessik pencil museum. Oh, okay. So is it related to people who are from there?
 So Wordsworth or... No, it's a modern thing. He's drawing attention to a problem in the late
 district. There is going on right now. There is a nuclear power plant up in Cumbria. He's very happy
 with that. Actually, no, I don't want to put words in his mouth. We have. We had a couple of
 chats. We didn't talk about everything in the district. Is it? Is it due with water pollution?
 Because we have a lot of problem with that in the UK. Yes, it is. Okay. Okay. Did he do a poo in
 late wind of air? Two. What's the goal of that? I didn't know whether he's pro or against.
 He's just pointing out it exists, guys. Well, shall I tell you what it is? Because I think you've
 got so close to that. Okay. I'm the presenter on late district radio who played a marathon 24 hour
 show of number two records to highlight the real number two problem, sewage in our lakes and waterways.
 Very good. How good is that? Very good. I love it. He did a dirty protest. He played 24 hours
 straight of number two songs. Great. It was so good. And so all songs that peaked at number two in
 the charts. And there is lots of sewage going into late wind of air and the utilities companies that
 you know, they pay their bosses a lot. In my chat with him, he said this phrase, which I've just
 absolutely loved. So what's more seconding, the fact that these water firms are paying themselves
 millions while failing to fix the sewage problem or that Oasis never got to number one due to
 Robson and Jerome. Oh, yeah. Unchain melody for Robson and Jerome, presumably. And don't know,
 just a very, very funny idea. Yeah, very good. Good for him. And has it solved the problem? Yep.
 I think it's embarrassed United utilities who do run the water up there. Unfortunately, number
 ones are also a problem if you put too much of them in the water. Very good point. Yes. Very
 good point. Wow. Amazing. That's the second marathon of songs that happened this year. One just
 happened with Alex Horn. Oh, yeah. They played one song on repeat for I think it was 24 hours as well.
 Which so I'm going off the top of my head here. So I can't quite remember. It was something
 apt. It was like, don't stop me singing. I love that. Yeah. But it was like that kind of like,
 yeah, and they had the guests non-stop flooding into sort of the version of it. Wow. Yeah. Those
 marathons are very, I was part of a marathon this year. Yeah. I mean, it only lasted for
 365 minutes, but it was the 31st anniversary of Agadu this year. Oh, yeah. By Black Lace. Yeah,
 exactly. So it says, do, do, do. Yeah. So you pushed a pineapple for 300 hours.
 No, to celebrate it, the crab museum guys who lived down where I live, they put the song on
 on 41 different devices and played them at the same time. And it was wild. It was a, it was a
 cacophony of sound because as well goes out of sync very quickly. Does it? Yeah. On different
 devices, you're at different bit rates, I think. And so it just slowly goes off. Anyway, nice. Let's
 get back to actual news. No, that's really good. So we're a couple of other sewagey protests this year.
 Oh, yeah. There was this month, actually, this December, there was a centres against sewage swim
 in Falmouth in Cornwall had to be called off. Can you guess why? Because all the reindeer's drowned.
 That's it. Too much sewage in the water for them to do a centres against sewage swim. This is the
 second year out of three. It's had to be cancelled due to the sheer volume of sewage in the water.
 Oh, no, bad. It is bad, bad, bad. Do they sort of hope it's going to be cancelled? Is that the whole
 point of it? Does that get the press? Is it annoying if they actually have to do the swim?
 I don't know. I think these people are all, you know, well, they're lacking Cornwall. They like
 that beat the swim surface swimming. So I think they probably are up for it. Yeah.
 There's been a big protest in France this year. Oh, isn't every year. Very, very strange for the
 French to cut up rough. Well, the kick enough about it's the most French protest. The length of
 Begette's has shot and that's the second most French protest. There's a campaign at the moment
 to raise the retirement age in France to the ungodly age of 64. And I can't stand the thought of that.
 What is it currently? I think it's 62 at the moment. Right. And every French president for the
 last 40 years has been saying, look, we really need to raise the retirement age just a bit to make
 the money add up. And every time they do it, people set fire to cars. Pretty much. Yeah. Absolutely.
 And a French group of artists this year, they launched a campaign encouraging the French
 to make up for the extra two years by being systematically late for work for the entire
 year they were really. They've put together an official calendar and you plug in your age.
 And it says, right, this is how late you need to be for work every single day of your life from now
 on in order to get those two years back. That's interesting because I was 10 minutes late for this
 today. Yeah. Just embracing my French side. I met a man who's in his 40s when I was living in
 Angulham in the South of France. And he told me another chapter, another chapter in the book of
 Dan. I honestly did not know that you used to live in Anglia. Yeah, just just for like it was like
 three months, four months, I was living with my grandmother. It's a long time. Yeah. That's a long time
 to live somewhere that we've never heard of in our 11 years making a week. If I had ever been to
 Angulham on holiday, you guys would know all about it. Was that like you opened that pitisserie
 that was based on Basel Basel? All the baked goods are the other side of an imaginary
 tale of glass. So no one can ever get me. I can grab. Yeah, this guy said that he was now on his
 pension because he worked in the army as which guy? The French man who was in his 40s who I met.
 Sorry. Yes. There was the bit connected to you. Yeah, you met a guy. I met a guy and he was retired.
 He had, he was on his French pension and it's because he was in the army and he was a parachuter,
 a paratrooper. And there was a little blip I guess in the in the wording which meant that if you
 done a number of jumps, you could retire and go into your pension. Okay. Right. So he did something
 like in the space of a year, something like 500 jumps. He literally got up, got in a plane,
 jumped out, got down, got back up and we just continuously do it. And now he's just living a life,
 just free on a pension in his 40s. That is amazing. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, the chance of one of the jumps
 going wrong is very low, but obviously the more you do. Yeah. And then presumably the idea of
 the government is if enough people die in jumps and they'll have less of a pension bill. That's
 possible. Yeah. The last hundred you have to do volcanoes over the mouths of snapping
 alligators. Yeah. There was a big problem in America this year with the budget, wasn't there?
 Do you remember that? No. So basically, the Republicans tried to pass a budget and the Democrats
 decided to put the whole country into lockdown, which, you know, every time the president tries to do
 that, the other side tries to do that. So it's not a Republican Democrat thing, it is just a thing.
 But in Charlotte, in North Carolina, they were trying to pass a budget and protestors stop the meeting
 by releasing an unknown number of crickets. That's an interesting way of stopping something because
 actually it causes an enormous amount of tumult, but crickets, you think that's just like silence and
 quietness, don't you? It's like a bad joke as crickets. Yes. But actually it caused an absolutely
 amazing amount of craziness because people were running around trying to get rid of these crickets.
 Not because they were very noisy. No, it wasn't. It was just that people don't.
 Have you ever watched I'm a celebrity get me out of here? No. Well, if you do watch that, you'll
 know that that's celebrities at least, but you can extend it to the general public. Don't like
 insects jumping on them. Yes. Celebrities on different in that respect. No. They're better than
 those in many respects. Absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's an unknown number is a good thing. That's
 like the old joke of you release five sheep somewhere, and you paint on their sides one, two, three,
 four, and six. Yeah. And then you can reduce the city to chaos for days as they try and find
 sheep number five, which doesn't exist. They all sleep every time they start looking for it.
 I got one more music thing to add. Seeing this was a musical protest fact that we've opened up with,
 which is that. So one of the other big things going on in the world right now is how people are
 responding to AI coming in and destroying human fields. In the creative arts, it's a big deal.
 And in music, it's been a big thing. So earlier this year, a thousand musicians got together to
 release an album called, is this what we want? Question mark. Oh, yeah. And it went to 38 in the album
 charts, and it was an entirely silent album. Oh, considering that's actually pretty good. Exactly.
 So like it included Kate Bush, Annie Lennox, Damon Alburn from Blur, Ed O'Brien from Radiohead,
 Dan Smith from Bastille. Did they all have to pay royalties to John Cage?
 Interestingly, I haven't heard whether or not that's the case. That's a really good question,
 but they all contributed bits of silence to it. I managed to track down one of the musicians
 to get an exclusive outtake from the album. Oh, wow. Yeah. So here we go. This is something that
 didn't make it to the album. Hello, no such thing as a fish. It's Dan Smith here for a band called
 Bastille. I wanted to send you an exclusive outtake from my contribution to, is this what we want
 the album from this year. This was my favourite bit, and I was pretty gutted that it didn't make the
 cut, but I'm just really happy to have the opportunity to share it with you now. So here we go.
 Wasn't that beautiful. Anyway, have a good show and have a great break. Bye.
 That's amazing. Yes, that was great. So that's, yeah. Bastille. That was an outtake from their
 contribution to this album, and it's, yeah, you can get it on vinyl. It's a pre-order right now
 if anyone's listening, but a very cool protest. Sorry for that. A very dangerous thing that's going
 on for a lot of artists. I did fight, okay, guys, I'm really sorry. I found something from, it's just,
 just over a year ago. I was going to put money on and bringing the 2024 story to the table.
 Last December, I'm so annoyed, this guy just missed this year, but it was a brilliant,
 windermere protest. That's all. Have you heard of the chain of supermarkets' booths?
 Oh, yeah. I used to live up there. So yeah, they're like the waitros of North Lancashire and
 Cumbria. Oh, wow. And that's their slogan, isn't it? Yeah. There was a guy called Michael Moody,
 who got a parking ticket. I believe in the booths in windermere, which is only as I bring it up,
 windermere in the Lake District, and he didn't pay it, because according to him, he didn't notice
 that he got the letters saying you've got a parking ticket. And then he got handed a county court
 judgment for not paying his parking ticket. And at that point, that meant that he could no longer
 get a mortgage. So he decided to launch a protest against booths of windermere. Okay. He traveled
 from his home in Skegness. Oh my god, that's a long way. Quite a way. Couple hundred miles. His
 like Skegness for non-British listeners is on the opposite coast of the UK. Yeah, he went to the
 car park of booths windermere. He went back to the scene of the crime or non-crime. Whatever.
 The alleged crime. Where he got the ticket, certainly. And he moved his entire living room into
 the car park, which was so far, some bookshelves, some coffee tables, his pet goldfish, that he just moved
 into a parking space. Wow. That booths windermere. What a hero. That's amazing. And what happened?
 It's having been able to find an update. So I suspect they've had him quietly taken care of.
 John Wilts Boots.
 Okay, it's time for our next fact. And that is James.
 Okay. Here is my voice note from someone that was sent to me just last night.
 Hi guys. My name is Shiva McCutchen. And this year I achieved something with the help of my three
 brothers. He did something with his three brothers. With his three brothers. And we are in the realm of
 sport. And I want to just say thank you so much to Shiva and for sending me that because he is
 really sick. Okay. He's got the illness that's going around at the moment. So he came out of his
 sick bed to record that. But yeah, and with three of his brothers, he did something this year.
 Three. So it requires four people. Okay, so I think it's and it's in the world of sport.
 Yeah. It's a four person sporting team. Actually, there are four of eight in the squad and five in the
 team. Uh, rowing. Very close. Oh, unbelievably close for a first guest. Right. Actually, I just think
 eight. Yeah, eight. Don't get me eight in sports. And so there's a, uh, is it, um, curling? No,
 further away. I mean, rowing was unbelievably close. So I don't know why I don't know why curling
 would be well, you were just close in the number. I thought curling. It's quite a big team. You've
 got the guy who throws the curl. You've got the go of the broom. You've got there's like, like,
 four people yelling from behind. Hard of, hard of brushing. Yeah. Okay. Thanks for the explanation
 of what curling is then. I think just saying rowing was close. Is it like yachting? Further away.
 Okay. It's our boat. It's on a small boat. Oh, small boats. Uh, sailing the English channel. Uh,
 it's small boat, small boat migration. Small boats. Uh, they're all in separate boats. Oh,
 they're all in separate boats. Is this one of those, uh, sort of historical reenactments where they're
 all sitting in tiny ships? It's like the battle of Trafalgar. Yeah, that's cool. I love that. I
 actually would worth us. I've watched the heck out of those. You've created a really good sport. I
 got to say, especially for the English and the British, like because we're going to go to the
 World Cup next year and probably won't win it. But I reckon then the annual Battle of Trafalgar
 competition. We're going to thrash them every year. In the bars. They'll be throwing pites everywhere.
 Sing a sweet Caroline. Okay. What are we saying? Small boats. It's canoe a kayak canoe canoe. Yeah.
 Uh, so they were four canoes in the team GB canoe polo team canoe polo that won bronze at the
 World Games this year. That's amazing. Polo. Absolutely. Wow. And so we won bronze this year and
 Shiven McCutcheon, Surian McCutcheon, Santana McCutcheon and Catec McCutcheon were all in the team
 together. Fantastic. That's so good. And were they, were they raised to be in boats?
 To eat. Well, did they, did they have a parent like the, you know, like the William sisters dad
 who just like from birth to be canoe polo? I think what it is is there are not so many canoe polo teams
 in the UK. Right. But there is one amazing one in Liverpool called Friends of Allenby. And they're
 all part of this canoe polo team. And in total 13 of the canoe polo players from the male and females
 teams came from this one club. Just like they're all the, the Liverpool or the Arsenal of,
 yeah, of canoe polo. And you're going to have a, obviously, a variety of ages between them. So
 begs the question, what is an ideal age to be a canoe poloist? Yeah, they're all in the 20s, I think.
 Apologies. Apologies if any of them in their late teens are early 30s, but yeah, they're all about
 that age. And this was the World Games, which is, it's like the Olympic Games, but it's for sports
 that are not in the Olympics. I read that it, I'd never heard of it before. And I found a list of
 sports that are in there, which are not sports, I know, well, at all. I don't know anything about
 fin swimming. Yeah. I don't know anything about fistball. Fistball. And so, right, fistball is like
 volleyball, but the balls allowed to bounce. Oh, okay. And the amazing thing about fistball is it was
 written about in 1786 by friend of the podcast, Johan Wolfgang von Gerther. Oh, he wrote about going
 to a fistball game between four noblemen from Verona and four Venetians. Right. It's amazing.
 Snooker is in the World Games, because it's not in the Olympics. Yeah. Right. And Snooker was won by
 Xiao Gu Dong, who is the world's number eight snooker player. And with the greatest respect to all
 the other players, he was the only professional there. Right. So he was like, he really wanted to
 compete and win a medal for China, because he's very patriotic. But he is, at the time, he was the
 eight best player in the world. And everyone else was at aperture. Can you imagine that?
 Yeah. In fact, he actually lost one of his group games, but yeah, he basically smashed everyone,
 because he is one of the world's best. So yeah. So congratulations to Shiven. Let me play in
 the reveal. Oh, yeah. The answer is we're part of the British canoe follow team who won bronze
 at this year's World Games in Chengdu. Yeah, we know that, mate. And of course, just wants to say
 Merry Christmas and Happy New Year to Dan and D James and everyone tuning in to the fun.
 I thought you feel bad. He said, "Have Merry Christmas to us." Yep. Got him prematurely.
 I apologise to all the brothers. That's really cool. Thanks for sending us that. That's amazing.
 Yeah. It's really cool. You never heard of that game. Do you think it's going to make
 its way to the Olympics one day? I'd love it too. I think it's quite exciting. I've seen
 some videos of it. It's really cool. It does sound good. There is another, this isn't a proper
 campaign running at the moment, but I did read a piece recently about paintball players who
 are campaigning for it to be eventually an Olympic sport. I can see that. Yeah. It's a fun game.
 I think it would be fun for spectators. Yeah. I mean, it's fun to do for sure, but it's not even
 recognised as a sport yet. I think so. That's probably the first. That's probably the first hurdle to
 clear before you get into the Olympics. It would be remarkable if it went straight from not a
 spot to end the Olympics. Here is a cool thing that has been revealed. There are a lot of
 track and field records being broken. Yeah. Because a lot of them have stagnated for decades.
 Because basically everyone took drugs. Right. And we didn't know about it. And now people are taking
 fewer drugs or less good drugs and they can't beat the records anymore. But there is a thing you
 can take, which helps you run a bit faster. Interesting. Consistently helps you run a bit faster.
 All athletes are taking it now. All athletes are taking it. Yeah. And it makes you run faster.
 You'll both have some in your pantry, I'm going to say. I don't have a pantry. But let's say,
 is it kind of, is it like nutmeg? You would use it in your, it's in your baking cupboard.
 Oh, baking cupboard. Yeah. Learning a lot about Andy's kitchen here. He's got a pantry of baking
 cupboard. Turn left after the second pantry and that's the baking cupboard. I'll ask the bottle
 letter of a tree for you. Wheel the cheese for a driver to one side. Okay. What would be in your
 baking cupboard? Is it baking soda? It's baking soda. Is it really? What a disappointment short quiz
 that was. I was gearing up for at a very enjoyable half hour there. No, it's baking soda.
 This is so bizarre. Basically, it seems to act as a buffer against increased acid build-up
 in muscles. It's legal. And they've developed ways of giving it to you. It probably doesn't
 work if you take it in a cake, unfortunately. Yeah. All the athletes are scoffing a quick
 quick bit of chocolate punch cake at the starting line. It's very sadly. That's not it.
 But there were some of that because we had an Olympics last year, didn't we?
 And the winter Olympics is about to happen. Okay, because there were some events last summer where
 almost all finalists were taking baking soda. Right. Is that legal? Is not how do they take it?
 Is it? It's in some sort of boring gel, right? Yeah. Again, don't just go scoffing baking soda
 from your pantry. Yeah. The baking soda challenge. Don't do it, guys. Yeah, it's been put in some
 complicated thing by some nerds. That's very cool. Do you remember this year when Donald Trump won
 the FIFA Peace Prize? Ah, of course. How good would we forget? I was praying for it for so many
 months that it came true and I just couldn't believe it. He also won the FIFA Club World Cup.
 He's a soccer competition. Oh, yeah. Come on. This guy's not running.
 So most people like the fake news think the Chelsea won it. And sure enough, they did win
 the final. But it was in New Jersey that it took place. No. And Donald Trump was at the final.
 And the head of FIFA in Fantino, he went to the White House and showed Donald Trump the actual
 trophy and said, oh, you can look after this for a while. And then according to Donald Trump's
 account, he said, when are you going to pick up the trophy, Gianni? And in Fantino said, oh, no,
 we're never going to pick it up. You can have it forever. And we're making a new one. So Chelsea got
 the replica and the winner of the actual club World Cup was Donald Trump. Oh, my God. He's still got
 it. He's still got it. What? There was an amazing thing after that final that all the players of
 Chelsea who have stood there waiting to receive their replica trophy and their fireworks are going to
 go. What do they get? What age? No, they'll get a medal and stuff. Okay. Okay. And then they give
 them the trophy and then they hold it up in the crowd go wild. But Donald Trump was on the stage
 sort of handing out the medals, but they're never left. Like all the other dignitaries left the stage
 and he just kind of stood there. And there's an amazing video of Cole Palmer, the England footballer
 who is an amazing footballer, but perhaps didn't probably even know who Donald Trump was. Just kind
 of by tonight. I'm going to use this guy. It's amazing. That's amazing. There's a Spanish football club
 called Leganes and they you know how football clubs they have the jerseys that you buy and they
 have advertising. So they have advertising where your tummy is. Sometimes they have advertising
 on where your shoulder is. But this team had advertising where your groin is. So right in the middle
 of the shorts, they had a little advert. Can you guess what the advert was for? Safe sex or some
 contraception stuff. Yeah. You got to read a jab. It was for the testicular cancer society.
 Very good. It was a bit of advertising to bring up awareness for that, but also to teach people
 how to self-check for testicular cancer. That's very good. That's very good.
 James, does any team ever, this is just a little idea I've had, put advertising on the inside of the
 shirt? Okay. What would be the point of that? Because when you score a goal and you pull your
 shirt off over your head, it reveals your secret sponsor. That's really good. That's a good idea, right?
 It's a really good idea. People will wear undershirts with a message written on it. So when they
 lift the shirt, the message is shown. I think you're not allowed to do that. I think you've got
 the yellow card to do that. There was a boxer once who the sun advertised the souls of his feet
 because they were so sure he was going to get knocked out when he landed the camera would go
 on to the souls of the feet. Really good. It was someone against Mike Tyson. I can't remember who it was.
 Such optimistic ways of seeing light, isn't it? That's really good. Guys, I actually, when I was trying
 to find a new story from the year, I actually contacted someone else and at the last minute,
 they have sent me a question for us to do with sports. Okay. So can we? Yeah. Here we go. So.
 Hello, no such thing as a fish. My name is Jeremy Derli. And this year in a competition that was
 broadcast live from Las Vegas on ESPN, I became a world champion. My question for you is, what am I
 now the world champion of? I've got a guess which I think might be right. So. Oh, yeah.
 What was the name of your correspondent did? Deer emerged early. Okay. Las Vegas, it was out on
 ESPN. Not a gambling thing. Not a gambling, but not strictly a sport sport, rather an e-sport.
 An e-sport. So something to do with computers. Or Yorkshire. Or ecstasy.
 Well, we've talked before about sort of fun things like Microsoft Excel. Yeah. Being sport,
 is it that? Well, let's, do you want to ask? That would be my guess as well.
 That's the end. We're really good out of this balloon. I'm so sorry. I'm so sorry. Let's see what it is.
 Imagine if it's conspiracy. The answer is that after an intense competition over three days
 among some of the world's best spreadsheeters, I was crowned this year's Microsoft Excel World
 Champion. Fantastic. That's really right. To be honest, like you're not going to say, hi,
 my name's Lionel Messi. Guess which sport I played this year. Hi, my name's Roger Federer. I guess what,
 he's such a big name in this podcast. We're just going to know that. Yeah. Yeah. This is his first
 world championship within the Microsoft Excel competition. Yeah. He faced off against Andrew Nye,
 who has won it three times. So he took the win. Wow. And I mean, it's a pretty amazing competition.
 They get jumbled data, basically. And in some cases, they have to make the data, make a famous
 painting. So they have to place all the things in the right places to reveal a painting.
 The one that was done this year was inspired by origami. So players had to use their knowledge
 of the software to complete 130 questions that was spread across seven levels. And the theme of it
 was origami. Amazing. Okay. We would usually do a final fact of the show. There's always usually four,
 but as there's only three of us, we're going to head straight into. Yeah. Wait. What? There is another.
 What are you on about? I got an extra person. Oh. Did you? Yeah. Yeah. I sent out a couple of liars
 popping around on the water. And I got two bites. A couple of reels. And a second person replied.
 Can I just play you one last person? Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. It's such a great response. Hi, my name is
 just von Rossum. I'm a Dutch typeface designer. I was in the news this year because it looks like I
 was the victim of a crime. But can you guess why? Okay. So he's a typeface designer. Yeah.
 Did he put the word? He did some work for the S. A. S. A big sign. But his A looks so much like an
 O that it looked like it read SOS. And they thought he was in trouble. That's really good. That's
 really good. It's not that. No. So he is a Dutch typeface designer. Is a typeface part important?
 Yes. Is it? So was the name that he was a victim of is related to his work? So is the typeface name
 itself something like murdered? Oh, that's very nice. I'm going to say something to you guys a
 little extra clue. Yeah. What's a classic bit of dance stand up, James? Oh, gosh. I mean, there are so
 many. There's so many that's related to typos and typefaces. I can't remember any of your standards.
 The bit where you went on so many different typeface gags that I have. Well, he would wear a fake
 nose and glasses and mustache and take them off and have the same thing. That was pretty good.
 What about when he was caught blocked from out of space by that astronaut? That was a great bit.
 Oh, yes. Yes. That's how it feels. Yeah. It's a thing. Is it the time when he was with a woman and
 she said, take off your trousers and his legs were so hairy that he already had taken off his trousers.
 I'm so I was so tempted right now to subtly put out the fact that I am on tour next year with a show.
 But this is not doing any favors for that. What's that? That is on Tardex here. Yeah.
 Well, how do you forget tickets? Well tickets are going to be allocated by a sort of like it's
 like going to be jury-duty. You'll just get the call. You have to do it. You do have to do it.
 Unless you've got an amazing reason. They're not inhuman. They will let you off. You're really
 on what else. No, it's called this changes everything. It's going to be in March and April. Tickets
 are on sale now, by the way, guys. If anyone wants to come, London, Brighton, all sorts of places. Yeah.
 Yeah. Anyway, is your quiz that if it's still a dance show that he's doing is to do with a very famous
 advert? Oh, you want to steal a card? Ding, ding, ding. Yes. You want to hear us. Yeah.
 Just Van Rossum says I designed a font called FF Confidential. This year, an investigation
 found that the font seems to have been pirated and used in a very famous effort saying you wouldn't
 steal a car. So good. Wow. This is like level zero of the podcast. This is friend of the podcast
 from the get go. So just designed that font. Yeah. Which an investigation this year found had been
 nicked because the font used in that advert is identical to the font he designed and they did a little
 bit of kind of DNA testing on the font in the advert. And is that font incredible? I'm starstruck.
 You are so excited. I was so excited to hear that. Very good. Oh, well, thank you. Thank you, Andy.
 But hey, guys, we now need to get to an exciting little festive bit of the show. James Andy and I
 never get to be around the Christmas tree every year, which is a huge shame. What do you mean?
 As if we all go and see our families instead of spending time together. Yeah. Yeah. Which is a huge
 disappointment every year for me. So what we thought we'd do is we'd end this week's episode
 as it's Christmas by giving each other a present. And so we've got them in front of us here. We've all
 bought each other a present. Get my note. Let me get mine out. Dan's done a really nice wrapping
 job on his and a label and everything. And mine looks a bit crummy. I'd look like a field bit of evidence.
 Yeah. Oh, James has got a magicians. Oh, wait, wait, wait. Okay. This is all prep. I'll close my
 eyes. The bad news for you. I've had that operation where I could see through my eyes.
 So James is bought a present for me. I bought a present for Andy. And Andy is bought a present
 for James. So let's do it. James, do you want to start? I got first. So this is for you, Dan.
 Your present is in this bag. Okay. Should I feel? Yeah, feel it. No. There's nothing in there.
 Oh, well, maybe there will be something in there. Let me see what I can find in there.
 That's my magic wand. It's not that. Let me just do what else is in there. Oh,
 well, that's mine and Anna's book. It's definitely not that. Everything to play for, by the way.
 Oh, that's I don't know what that is going on here. This is brilliant. This is here it is. Here it is.
 It's as card signed by Jesse Eisenberg from the now you're seeing me face. You're kidding. There you go.
 Oh, my goodness. The best film franchise ever. Yeah. Wow. Oh, wow. It's amazing. I did find it. It's
 very, very rare. If you go on eBay, there's only about 500 of them. Right. He makes a lot more off the
 side cars. Certainly, then he does off the movies. Yeah. Yeah. How exciting. Thank you very much. This has
 been the surprise movie hit of the year for the podcast. Now you've seen it has become a friend of
 the podcast. I'm the only one who hasn't seen. No, I haven't. No, I haven't seen it now.
 I haven't seen the third one, which is out now, but isn't there a character in it called
 Shriver? There is. Yeah. They have to call to London for some creative person. Right. I won't give
 too much away, but they're like, get Shriver on the phone right now. There you go. Netflix has seen
 Shriver to any creative people. What's that? Your friends James and Andy. They sound perfect.
 Beautiful. Thank you so much. That's a very thoughtful present because I do. I do love that
 maybe. Should we go around this way? Yeah, sure. Okay. This is for you. Thank you very much.
 A label there. Andy, love Dan. They're three kisses. Yeah. So nice. My son wrote that. Okay.
 Could be anything. Could at this stage. At this stage. And it's rap state. It could be anything.
 Bookshaped. Interesting. But it's a bit yielding, but that might just be the wrapping paper.
 Just doing a bit of Foley. Let me do this. And what is it? It's oh my god. It's a copy of
 Lenby Del's book too long in the bush. First edition hardback. First edition hardback.
 First edition hardback. You don't have that kind of money. I know. I know. Finale is furious.
 Can I too long in the bush? Is the story extending over three years of how the author made the
 first road ever to cross central Australia. Oh my gosh. To west. Wow. Just one extra detail is
 that it is a signed copy. Beautiful. Beautiful writing. Lovely handwriting. It's stunning,
 handwriting. For a man who built roads. Yeah. He's got the calligraphy on him. Yeah. He's just a
 multi-talented guy. I'm so chuffed. Thank you. And just in case Mel Bracewell's listening,
 can you explain who Lenby Del is? Lenby Del was responsible for building huge numbers of
 Australia's roads. As it says here, he's made 4,000 miles of lonely roads across central Australia.
 What a legend. Look, I really can't cap that. James, I hope you like this. It's a better
 be good now. It's nowhere near as good as a Lenby Del book, but signed. I know. I thought Jesse
 Eisenberg. No kisses on this. It says to my valued colleague with the steam, your colleague,
 Andy. I'm sorry, I got a bit mushy. I shouldn't have done that. I'm welling up. And it's so beautifully
 wrapped. So your note was written by your child. It's wrapped by your child, Andy. It's a very
 difficult thing to wrap, isn't it? Look at it. It's an awkward shape. But I thought, what does James
 like? James likes a sport. I have, I'm a one-dimensional character, as we've said. But I think this has
 got two dimensions of this gift. It's a Trammeer Elvis golf balls. It's my favourite football team
 and my favourite sport together at last. Wow. You've ripped off the price, which, you know,
 which was astronomical. Those people are Trammeer outrageous. So it's got balls. Yeah, it's got a
 logo on it. Right, exactly. It's got teas with Trammeer Elvis written on them. And there's a third
 thing I don't know what it is. What is on the back? It's a little fork. Okay, can you guess what that's
 far? It's a little fork. It's a little fork. Molly said it was for marking your balls, which I just
 don't think can be right. I'm sorry to say Molly's wrong, but she's not far off. Is it a little
 bookmark, Randy, to read while you're playing the game? I'll be just sitting in the cart. I'll chance
 get out. Is it something to go on your top pocket to say, ladies, I am available in the 19th hole?
 Well, it is. If you have golf clubs, they have to be, like, it's really perfect metal and they're
 the right length and the right size. And if you flick them like that, they make a little noise.
 And this is like a little tuning for you. Thank it. And it has to know. I was in. I was in. When the ball lands
 in the ground, it can make a little indentation. And this you kind of flatten it so that next person
 who comes along doesn't, that ball doesn't bubble around. Is that so? Yeah, yeah. I had no idea. Wow.
 It's invaluable, Andy. Thank you so much. I'm very happy with my gift. And I actually will use
 these for sure. Great. I'll actually read that and Dan will be playing with his cards. Stop again.
 All right, look, well, we hope that you also got amazing presents this year. Had a great Christmas.
 We're going to be back again next year with more guests joining us and is going to be back in the
 late spring. It's going to be an exciting, exciting 2026 for fish. And we will see you then. Good bye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
