 Hi guys, just before we start this show, I want to celebrate the fact that this is our 200th episode.
 Oh, no such thing as a fish. Thanks for that, Dan.
 A little woohoo.
 Yep, for the second one.
 And the way I've celebrated our 200th episode is by making a mistake.
 Yep, last week's episode, there was an incorrect fact in it.
 So we recorded the show live in Leicester, and my fact was about how the Walker's crisp factory
 can't tell the difference between golf balls and crisps.
 And after we recorded this show, someone came up to me, he was called Greg Hilliard,
 and he actually works in the Walker's crisp factory, and he informed me that fact was out of date
 because they've now created a machine that can distinguish between the two.
 So in the last couple of years, so walkers can now tell the difference between golf balls and crisps.
 Happy birthday, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast.
 Guys, I'm trying to do the intro here.
 It's a weekly podcast, coming to you from Birmingham!
 My name is Dan Schreiber, and I am sitting here with Anne Chasinski, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and James Harkin, and once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with my fact this week, my fact this week is that in Brussels, there is a
 commemorative statue to where Peter the Great once vomited.
 That was so cool!
 Anyone else want to vomit at this stage?
 Is it in the shape of vomit, or what?
 Would you mean, oh, the statue?
 No, it's of Peter the Great, yeah, yeah, but what it was is he was over in Brussels,
 and he was out just having a big day, and he had a bit too much of a big day, and they pulled
 over to where this sort of little fountain he bitters, and he vomited, and it was established
 that that's what he did, historically, and then years later, it was in 1856, there was a
 prince who donated a statue to say we need to commemorate this, so it said it had this little
 plaque on it, which says, "As he sat on the edge of this fountain, he enabled its waters
 with the wine of his libations."
 Did I say any of the words right, and that was close enough, yeah?
 Yes, I think his.
 Peter the Great was obviously, in one sense, this very grand historical figure, probably
 the most influential czar Russia ever had, early 18th century, influenced everything that
 came off him, but also he was an absolute lad, so he founded a drinking society called, it
 was originally called the Jolly Company, and then it was called the All-Joking All-Drunken
 Sinod of Fools and Gestors, and it had a few rules, so there were rules like you were never
 allowed to go to bed sober, you always had to empty your cup when instructed to, and they
 just did mad stuff all the time, just constantly fooling around, so there was, I think there
 was something where his favourite jester got married, he had this jester, and he decided
 he was xar by this time, so he could do whatever he wanted, so he decided to make this wedding
 like a massive royal deal, and he gave his jester his xar's carriage, and then him and his
 drinking society wore boots made of straw, and they wore gloves in the, like, made of mice,
 so they shoved their hands into mice, and they wore-
 What?
 Sorry.
 Do you mean like finger puppets?
 No.
 Must think mouse skin, right?
 They weren't putting the hand up a mouse's-
 Oh, yeah, okay.
 Well, I don't know 'cause they wore squirrels' tails and cat's paws just hanging off their clothes
 for fun, and then they made the married couple enter Moscow on the back of a camel, and then
 they just spent three days getting absolutely smashed, and as one biographer put it, the joke
 may have been carried too far because the groom died during the celebrations.
 May.
 May have been carried too far.
 That's a historian's way of looking at it, isn't it?
 He was a terrifying man, so he was a six foot seven.
 He had a standing desk, that's not terrifying, but the standing desk he had, the writing surface
 was five foot six inches off the floor.
 Wow.
 He was huge.
 Yeah, and also the other thing about him, he was obsessed with dwarfs.
 So when he was a baby, this is before he was-
 To him that everyone would have been a dwarf, but he had a retinue of dwarfs acting as
 his servants and playmates, and he had a mini carriage, and he would ride in it, drawn
 by four dwarf ponies with four dwarfs riding their own horses at the side.
 And even in later life, he became obsessed with dwarfs in pies.
 He loved a dwarf jumping out of a pie at a banquet.
 Really?
 He was obsessed with it.
 Often naked, naked dwarfs jumping out of pies, he was really into, yeah.
 So Simon C. Back at Montefuri wrote a really good biography, and he basically said, all of
 the parties they had had naked girls jumping out of pies, dwarves being tossed, dwarves dressed
 as old men, old men dressed as dwarves, all of them naked except for the bishop who would
 be carrying dildos on a cushion.
 But that's the thing about it, is this thing that he did this club, it was called a synod, wasn't
 it?
 And so it was basically to take the piss out of the church.
 Yeah.
 That's why he did the whole time.
 So instead of Holy Water, they would scatter vodka.
 Wow.
 And if you were ever caught being sober, you'd get ex-communicated from his club.
 But the worst thing was, if you got ex-communicated, you were barred from all the pubs in the whole
 of Russia.
 Oh.
 Wow.
 No way.
 Way.
 Wow.
 Imagine the horror, Anna.
 You.
 Listening at home, you want to be able to imagine the horror on Anna's face right now.
 He did another thing where, so he did a number of trips to Europe, he was famous for these massive
 trips, and one time he came back and he was so impressed by the clean shavenness of the Europeans
 that he imposed a beard tax into Russia, but the way he did it was, he came back and they
 threw a massive reception for him, and he was giving a sort of arousing speech, and everyone
 said it was elation.
 Everyone was so excited.
 And then it turned to horror when he suddenly said, I don't want beards anymore, and he pulls
 out a massive razor, and he starts shaving the faces of people who were attending.
 What they thought was just a pleasant talk of a homecoming hero, and they all left without
 their face hair.
 But he did the tax to start off with, and then when people started paying the tax, he
 just went, oh, I'm just going to ban them then.
 So he just didn't want beards at all, because he saw that as an example of the old Russia,
 and he was a great modernizer of Russia.
 So he had a law that everyone had to dress as either a Hungarian, a Frenchman or a German.
 That was because he knew a very funny joke about a Hungarian, a Frenchman.
 But with the beard tax, the thing was, with the tax, they gave you these coins, and I didn't
 realize these coins are still in existence.
 This is from the 1700s, and you can see them.
 These pictures online, where it's like a sort of a goatee and a little, what's that bit?
 A soul patch, a soul patch kind of thing, but like Satan would have, you know, the more
 pointy one.
 A goatee.
 Oh, yeah, a goatee.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 So that would be on the coin, and you would carry your coin around with you.
 So if you were seen in the streets with a beard, they'd go, where's your coin, and you'd
 look around for the coin.
 And if you didn't have your coin, they'd shave your face on the spot.
 He took Russia back 5,000 years, as well as being a massive modernizer.
 What do you mean?
 He left Russia in the year 7,206, and he got back, and he said, "I don't want this anymore,"
 because Russia used to begin at 5,508 BC, and he left Russia for the West, and he found,
 "Oh, it's 1700 here, well, I prefer this."
 And so he came back and said, "Right, it's 1700, forget the 7,200 nonsense, changing it.
 Beardstone exists in the future."
 That's so cool.
 So he just altered time, and he trained as a shipbuilder.
 Did he?
 When he was touring Europe, he personally went to a shipyard and just worked there in Amsterdam
 for months, and he cooked his own meals, and he lit his own fires, and he ignored anybody
 who called him your majesty.
 He answered only to carpenter Peter.
 He was very eccentric, but an incredibly practical man in loads of ways.
 Yeah.
 He liked cutting something else off people, so you would be actually thankful if he cut your
 beard off, because he loved cutting people's heads off himself.
 So usually as a world leader at the time, people were beheaded, but you know, you'd get your
 executioner to do it, but he really liked to be there in the thick of it, and so he did
 lots of executions himself, and he was really fascinated by it enough to me, again, because
 I think he liked Europeans, and they were maybe ahead in biology.
 If he comes at you with a razor, at what stage do you know he's going to go for the beard
 and not cut your hair?
 Yeah.
 That's got to be absolutely terrifying.
 It comes out with a great big axe.
 No, this is just my beard axe, don't worry.
 He actually had a mistress called Mary Hamilton, and then she ended up being beheaded as
 lots of mistresses did, and when she was beheaded, he was there, and as soon as she was beheaded,
 he lifted up her head in front of the crown, so we're all watching, and he gave them all
 a medical lesson on anatomy, so he turned her neck side out, and was like, this is the
 shrekia, this is her carotid artery, and then he gave her a big snog, and then he dropped
 the head and walked away.
 He gave her a snog?
 Yeah, he gave her a big kiss on the list.
 So this fact was sent to me by a listener of our podcast called Carrie, and I loved it
 because there are amazing statues all over the world that represent very odd things.
 I found one which I've been trying to track down, whether the truth of this, which is
 George Washington in Trafalgar Square, very close to where we work in Covern Garden, literally
 a walking distance.
 There's a statue of George Washington there, outside the National Portrait Gallery,
 and it was donated by the Americans, however, there was a sentence that George Washington
 said just before he died, which is he said, "I would never will stand on British soil again."
 And as a result, it is said, and this is what tour guides tell everyone, that as they were
 putting down the statue of George Washington, they imported American soil and sitting underneath
 it is American soils, so he still is not standing, but what's under the American soil?
 It's more British soil.
 How far down does this go, basically?
 On vomiting, and on American presidents, actually, Ulysses S. Grant was president, and also
 he was prominent in the Civil War and the American Civil War before that, and so he was kind
 of a war hero, but at the same time he was an alcoholic.
 So he used to sweep whiskey wherever he went, apparently, and at one point in battle, he
 vomited into his horse's mane.
 Oh!
 Yeah, and just went on with it.
 What about George W. Bush?
 Was it George W. Bush?
 No, it's George H. W. Bush, wasn't it?
 Yeah.
 Who vomited on the lap of Japan's Prime Minister in 1992, and as a result, the Japanese
 coined the phrase "Bushu Suru", meaning embarrassing public vomiting, or literally to do a
 bush.
 Because that is frowned on, isn't it, in Japan?
 Yeah, actually, everywhere.
 What?
 Oh, I've got so many apologetic texts to say.
 Do you know, he was so good-natured about that moment, though, so he kind of collapsed
 with his dinner.
 He'd been feeling bad anyway.
 I think, because he'd just played a tennis match against Japanese Emperor, and he'd
 lost.
 So he was feeling really unwell after that, and he collapsed onto the floor, vomited, passed
 out, and as soon as he woke up with the Japanese Prime Minister there, above him saying, "You're
 okay."
 He said, "Why don't you just roll me under the table, and I'll sleep it off while you're
 finished dinner?"
 Really?
 It was just quite cool, yeah.
 One thing about Peter the Great is, at his parties, he would train bears to serve alcohol,
 and they would growl and harass those who said no.
 So I thought I'd look at some other awesome parties, and I really like the engagement party
 of the newspaper Magnet Gordon Bennett.
 He turned up at his own engagement party, so drunk that he immediately urinated into the
 living room fireplace, in full view of his hosts, and it's in the Guinness Book of Records
 as the greatest engagement faux pas.
 And it's supposed to be where we get the phrase, "Gordon Bennett", something bad, yeah.
 Guinness is still accepting any advance on urinating into the fireplace.
 Okay.
 Go for it.
 I think we could smash that.
 During the Jin craze, there was quite a few good parties.
 So this was in the 18th century, and a lot of people were drinking Jin, especially in London.
 There was an author called Henry McKenzie, who was at a drinking party, and he didn't
 want to drink anymore, so he fell to the floor to disguise himself as a drunken body.
 And then soon after, he felt a small hand around his neck, and he was like, "What's going
 on?"
 And he confronted the boy who was doing it, and apparently the boy said it was his job
 to loosen the neck ties of the guests to prevent them from choking on their own vomit.
 Wow.
 If you have to hire someone to do that, yeah.
 I had at my stag-do party.
 Oh, are we really?
 Yeah, just before I did my speech.
 My brother made me drink what, in Australia, is called a Shoey, and they do it on the Formula
 One.
 You fill a shoe full of beer, and you have to drink the whole shoe of beer.
 So I did that.
 Right after I decided I'd say a quick thank you to everyone that came, and I did that, passed
 out, woke up in the morning, and thought, "I did a pretty good speech last night, and
 my brother said I recorded it."
 I thought it was like about two minutes, 45 minutes, and a 45 minute speech.
 Who's Shoe?
 Did you have to drink up?
 My brother's, it was disgusting.
 Because he's a clown, isn't he?
 That was a problem.
 Let's move on to our second fact of the show.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that only one study has ever found that men are better than women
 at recognising faces.
 It was a study looking at the recognition of the Transformers.
 I know that's bad, obviously, but internally I'm thinking, yeah, I'm pretty good at recognising
 Transformers.
 This is true.
 And they're robots in disguise, so that's even better, right?
 So this is obviously like an on average thing, so you couldn't say, for instance, that Anna
 would be worse at recognising Transformers than Dan, just on average women are worse than
 men.
 Although you know that I asked you earlier what Transformers were, and that was having
 just read the Wikipedia page of Transformers, wasn't it?
 I still didn't understand it.
 I was thinking to stereotype.
 And you couldn't say, for instance, that Anna would be worse than Anna at recognising Barbie
 faces, which is the other part of this study.
 So they took Barbie faces and they took Transformer faces, and they found the women were better
 at recognising Barbie, and the men were better at recognising Transformers.
 And what they think is this is a study about looking where that experience is important
 when it comes to recognising faces.
 So they found these things where they thought women would have more experience in looking
 at Barbies, and men would have more experience in looking at Transformers.
 And they found that maybe experience has something to do with it, but actually overall women are
 a lot, lot better than men are looking at faces.
 Yeah, because Anna, I think I read a study, and this is off-memories, they're very risky
 right now, but the also women, because of the genetic material instinct, then you kind
 of have to be primed to recognise people more often, and you have to take an interest
 in more people so you can form a bond with them, and as soon as you form an emotional
 bond with people, then you're more likely to recognise the next time you see them.
 Yeah, it could be that.
 It could be that.
 But it's probably the Barbie thing.
 So you have these things called face patches in your brain, and there's these little bits,
 they're about the size of a blueberry, and they are specifically for recognising faces.
 So they've test, they don't respond if you get shown another body part, but they do respond
 if you get shown a face.
 And they are so predictable these face patches that scientists tried it out with monkeys, monkeys
 also have face patches.
 And they would measure the electrical activity of the face cells, and then they could recreate
 the face that the monkey had seen accurately.
 No.
 Yes.
 From the activity in the brain cells.
 Wow.
 That is magic.
 But monkeys don't aren't recognising faces, I don't think are they?
 I think great apes are, but monkeys are quite bad.
 They aren't good, though, at recognising bottoms.
 Oh yeah.
 Monkeys, chimpanzees, especially recognise each other by the bottoms, the way that we recognise
 each other by the face.
 Well, not exactly the same way.
 Well, the same way, but upside down.
 Yeah.
 Does that mean they back into every social engagement?
 They go ask first.
 Well, then they can't, because one of them has to be face first in order to see the ass.
 Oh, yeah.
 It's unbelievably embarrassing when one comes in ask first, and another one comes in ask first.
 Imagine that in an engagement.
 Yeah.
 But you know how they tested this?
 They tested it by showing them, they showed humans' faces and then faces upside down.
 And it's much, humans are much slower to recognise faces when they turned upside down.
 They then showed the chimpanzees, arses, chimpanzees arses, and then arses upside down.
 And the slowdown was the same, whereas humans did not slow down when they were shown a normal
 bottom and then an upside down bottom, which they also did for this experiment.
 Could the humans recognise the bottoms?
 No.
 They also could not recognise upside down bottoms.
 Okay.
 I got it.
 Yeah.
 I just thought maybe I'd have a quick game of transformer or Barbie.
 Oh, okay.
 Great.
 We can't do the images, because this is a podcast.
 Yeah.
 What I can do is give you some names of either these are people from transformers, not people,
 transformers.
 They're either transformers from transformers.
 They're people to me, James.
 Or toys from the Barbie universe.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 So, dude, a friend of Ken.
 Yeah.
 Must be a Barbie thing.
 Transformer.
 It is everyone?
 Barbie.
 They knew it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's a friend of Jazzy.
 What?
 Slag.
 Barbie.
 Is that a Barbie doll?
 I think it is.
 Is it a transformer?
 I think it's an incredibly ill-conceived Barbie.
 It's a triceratops dyno bot.
 Oh.
 It's how I got it.
 M.C.
 Hammer.
 Barbie.
 Barbie.
 Yeah.
 He's got it.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Because they do celebrity Barbies.
 There's an Angela Merkel as well.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I tried to get one and they'd said it was for sale, but then it turned out it was they brought
 it just to an EU conference.
 Barbie created an Angela Merkel Barbie and so it's not for sale for general public.
 It should be.
 It is if you pay 50 billion pounds.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 One more.
 Alan.
 Oh.
 Transformer.
 Transformer.
 Yeah.
 Transformer.
 Who's the transformer?
 Who?
 Who's the Barbie?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Who doesn't give a shit?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 It's time for factor three then.
 Well, the answer is you were right not to give a shit because it's both.
 Oh.
 It's a high-speed train and someone who's married to Barbie's friend Mitch.
 What?
 I'm beg your pardon.
 I said Mitch.
 Oh, Mitch.
 Cool.
 I mean, if her friend was called Mitch, that would have been one of my…
 So you may well have heard of these guys called super recognisers.
 Oh, yeah.
 So they're police officers and they're incredibly good at recognising a criminal's face
 is based on really blurry CCTV.
 So in the metropolitan police, they identify a quarter of all the criminals, despite the
 fact that out of 32,000 metropolitan police officers, there are only six super recognisers
 and they get a quarter.
 And they're so good that one officer was interviewed for the Guardian and he said, "I was
 coming back from court and I saw someone who was wanted for seven offences because they
 just spot.
 They remember the faces of people who were wanted and they just see them and they go, "That
 guy."
 I saw someone who was wanted for seven offences.
 Once I had to stop the car three times, I would take one person in and then on the way
 to the station, I saw someone else who was wanted.
 So I picked them up and then as we were driving, I saw someone else.
 No.
 Yeah.
 They're just constantly seeing crooks.
 Wow.
 Do you know who was very bad at recognising people was back to American President Ronald
 Reagan.
 So he had to speak at a graduation ceremony in 1964 and he was giving, you know, the graduation
 certificate to students and boy came up on stage and he shut the boy's hand, gave him a
 certificate and said, "My name's Ronald.
 What's yours?"
 And the boy said, "I'm Michael.
 I'm your son."
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 It was his adoptive son.
 They adopted him when he was a baby.
 He was 19 by that point.
 Oh.
 I mean, for an actor who has to recognise people, you would think that would be a flaw,
 not being able to recognise other humans.
 You would think.
 Yeah.
 That's your actors need to recognise people?
 Yeah.
 I mean, it helps if you're facing the right way.
 You want me to recognise the camera then, no?
 I guess so.
 Do you know what it is?
 I just because I can't recognise people, so I'm just a bit worried I can't do an actor.
 James has genuine face blindness.
 He doesn't remember faces.
 Yeah, kind of.
 I have no imagination.
 Oh, James, I thought those poems you showed me were wonderful.
 That whole Barbie Transformer game was top.
 I can't imagine people's faces.
 I can't imagine what my wife looks like, for instance.
 So, he's not proper face blindness.
 It's A-Fantasia, it's cold, but it means that I can't recognise people very well.
 A-Fantasia?
 Yeah.
 What a whimsical name for presumably a bad condition.
 Oh, it's not.
 It's not that bad.
 It's not that bad.
 It's not fair to say it.
 It's not fair to say it.
 It's not fair to say it.
 It's not fair to say it.
 You are.
 I'm your wife.
 Just one quick thing about face recognition.
 This year, there was a festival in Wales that used facial recognition technology to recognise
 evil elvises.
 Wow.
 They were trying to scan for people who were wanted, same as the A and L, when they were on
 their way into the world's largest Elvis festival in Bridgend in September, 35,000 people were
 going in.
 Most of them dressed as Elvis and officers scanned their faces all.
 And what they were looking for, bad guys, all.
 Yeah.
 Bad guys.
 Well, there's a thing as well in Barcelona.
 They've tested out this new thing at comedy clubs whereby they've put on the back of seats
 little cameras that stairs directly into the face of the person sitting watching the
 comedy show and it's there to monitor laughter patterns so every time you laugh, it clicks and
 says you've laughed once.
 So if people at the end of the show go up and say, I found that very disappointing, I would
 like a refund.
 They can go, "Well, actually, you've laughed 67 times this evening and you can't have your
 money back.
 There's one.
 Yeah.
 Everyone's fake laughs at a comedy show, don't think for a minute, we genuinely think you're
 laughing.
 Everyone's put on a fake.
 You could be laughing at how shit it is.
 Yeah, yeah.
 No, it's a test to see how it would work because what they do is they then they drop the
 price altogether of the ticket and so they clock up everyone's, this is free gig.
 You go to it.
 They clock up the laughter amount and then at the end of the gig, they say you've laughed
 and there's a cap on how much laughter it is.
 Everyone's just going to go, "I'm just going to enjoy this but I'm not going to laugh
 so I get it for free."
 It's going to be awful.
 Yeah.
 Mouth closed, looks straight ahead, think of death, think of old people, just think of
 sadness.
 Some people don't laugh even when they're finding things really funny.
 You keep telling yourself that after your Edinburgh show, I'd refer you to the audiences at
 my solo show, who had a wonderful time on the feedback forms, just explained a lot of
 them were remembering something sad.
 Go quickly tell you my favorite headline that I've read recently.
 This is about recognising stuff.
 The headline is that babies can see things that adults can't but are unable to tell them.
 They'll look at a picture and they'll notice differences that we won't have spotted or
 maybe they haven't told us that we don't know.
 That's what they think.
 So how do we know they can see the differences?
 I don't know.
 I didn't read the article.
 I just read the headline.
 That's going to go on your headstone, Dan.
 Should we move on to another episode?
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number three and that is Andy.
 My fact is that there is a woman whose job for the last 30 years has been squatting above
 the Queen's throne so the TV cameras can get their angle right.
 That is amazing.
 The Queen doesn't squat above the throne, does she?
 No.
 Exactly.
 Certainly not.
 Bella Slack and she's in her early 70s, she is the official stand-in for the Queen at
 all events where there are going to be TV cameras because she's pretty much exactly the same
 size as the Queen.
 And she doesn't look like the Queen at all, but she does it and she's done it 50 times
 with different state occasions.
 Why the squatting thing?
 That's what I want to know.
 Well, she said she was interviewed about her life, not quite being the Queen.
 By quite a long way not being the Queen, but she's not even in the line of succession
 frames.
 That's what makes you famous these days not being the Queen.
 Well, she said about the ceremony.
 How long have you not been the Queen?
 She said about the ceremonies, "I've never been allowed to sit on the throne in the House
 of Lords for the State opening of Parliament."
 Oh, I see.
 She said, "I have to lurk above it."
 Yeah.
 But she says it's a very strict rule and she does say, "If I'm in a carriage or a car, I
 will wave."
 Which is very sweet, yeah.
 She was employed over 30 years ago when it was realised that the Queen had the sun in her
 eyes at some event, and so the Queen might have the sun in her eyes, but she was selling
 on a podium.
 And so this woman was sent to check that the sun wouldn't be in her eyes.
 And now she checks for that.
 So whenever the Queen has to stand up on a sunny day, she goes and checks first that the
 sun won't be in her eyes.
 She checks that she'll be visible over podiums, in case you've made a podium too high.
 In case Peter the Great's desk is brought up.
 Wow.
 And she has her own Queen costume, which she's put together from charity shops.
 So her Queen handbag cost one quid.
 Yeah.
 And she got fake diamonds from Woolworths for the millennium.
 I just love it.
 I just think it's very nice.
 She's not paid.
 She refuses to accept any money for the work she does.
 And she's been doing it for 30 years.
 I think she's one of the great unsung heroes of this country.
 Yeah.
 It's weird that she doesn't accept any payment and she pays for her travel and everything.
 I mean, I agree.
 Is there a, in a very small way?
 Yeah.
 Speaking of clothing, there is someone else who sort of does a stand-in job for the Queen as
 well.
 And that is it's someone specifically whose job is to break in the shoes of the Queen that
 are as of yet unworn.
 So that's what they do.
 The people who provide all the clothing for her, her fashion people, the Queen's fashion
 people.
 They buy new shoes.
 And obviously, when you're wearing new shoes, they're very painful.
 And so someone is hired to just walk around in the new pair of shoes before she has a go
 at them.
 That's cool.
 So they must have the same size feet as the Queen, right?
 Or yes.
 It would be very funny if they did not.
 I just think in that the audition for that job or the job interview would be just like Cinderella
 or something.
 I mean, you just have a load of people sat there, they just need the right size feet.
 Yeah.
 Because there's no other skill there, is there?
 No.
 It's probably a quick audition process, are you size eight, no?
 Okay, thank you.
 Size eight.
 The Queen.
 A massive feet.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Size eight is not massive, by the way.
 What size is it?
 It's supposed to be.
 It's supposed to be your five foot, too.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, okay.
 Do you know, so I was looking at sort of the reason this lady, Ella Slack, she called.
 Yeah.
 Reason she does is it's like to prepare for ceremonial events.
 And the royal family, they have to rehearse all the royal ceremonies quite a lot.
 And in fact, the Queen herself spent weeks rehearsing for her coronation in 1953.
 So she was really nervous about it.
 And she used to play recordings of her father's coronation over and over again.
 Her father was George, you know, who had a stutter and so it's quite difficult for him.
 She used to play recordings of his coronation.
 And she paraded up and down what was called the white drawing room.
 Because that had the same dimensions as the theatre and the abbey where she was going
 to be coronated.
 And she timed herself doing it to make sure she was going to walk the right, you know,
 distance at the right pace.
 And she got all her ladies and waiting to walk alongside her.
 And she used to wear her bedsheets as a robe, as her queenly robes, which is so cool.
 That is really cool.
 She know in 2012 there was a queen shortage in the UK.
 Sorry?
 There was a queen shortage.
 It was due to all the Jubilee stuff and they needed queen lookalikes.
 And basically there's about, I don't know, there's about a couple of dozen people who can
 do queen lookalikes and they needed them all the time.
 And they said, the main lookalike company, Susan Scott lookalike said, we could have done
 with double or triple the amount of queens.
 That is amazing.
 Imagine when the button was pressed, dispatched the queens.
 They'll come out.
 What do you do?
 What do you do?
 What have room, do you think they've ever all been at the same place at the same time?
 I don't know, but I did read an interview with Kate Middleton lookalike and she says that
 one of the queens, or one of the queen lookalikes, is like her honorary granny.
 And the reason is because they all hang out together all these lookalikes.
 Of course she do.
 You would think, because you're all working in the same role.
 The queen lookalikes and the Kate Middleton lookalikes will hang out with you.
 And the Pippa Middleton lookalikes, the Harry Potter lookalikes, the David Beckham lookalikes,
 they all hang out together.
 Why is Harry Potter at that party?
 It's just breaking a wall of some sort.
 Because then that's the only time they can truly be themselves, because outside those circles
 everyone's always saying, "Oh, you look just like Camilla Parker-Bulls."
 Well, to the Harry Potter lookalike.
 Have you ever thought about changing your lookalike, mate?
 You don't look like Harry Potter.
 They just on that subject, they do often, if they're a couple who are celebrity couples
 in real life, they will fall in love with each other and get married.
 I think there's examples of like a Katie Price and a Peter Andre lookalike when that was
 massive, falling in love because they did so many events together.
 And when that was massive?
 Yeah.
 Did you know by the whole new world album?
 So on body doubles, General Montgomery in the Second World War, Monty had an impersonator
 who for spying purposes pretended to be him and would go to different places so that
 German spies would think, "Oh, Monty's over here."
 Actually, Monty wasn't over here.
 Monty was over there defeating the Germans.
 So the only problem was that the lookalike had had a finger shot off in the First World
 War.
 So you needed to count the fingers on the fake Monty.
 Really?
 He would have walked gloves or a prosthetic finger or something.
 And the only thing was there was another body double who was called Keith Deema Banwell
 who looked exactly like Montgomery.
 So he was used as a lookalike, the only problem was he was substantially taller than Monty
 so he was never allowed on any account to get out of his car.
 That's really good.
 Was that Tex Banwell or Clifton James, I think?
 Clifton James was the first one with Clifton James, yeah, it was called Operation Copperhead
 and basically it was when we were planning the British Replanning Tax on the Germans and
 it was dispatched people who looked like him to all parts of the world.
 But he was a drunk as well so he was an absolute liability I think.
 It's only funny the idea of dispatching these fake Monty's everywhere.
 Well, we've had intelligence that he's an Antarctica, should be strengths and defenses
 in Antarctica.
 Did you guys read about the Mexican politician who's actually looking for body doubles or he
 was looking for body doubles?
 This is a guy called Renato Dronco Gomez and this was in 2015, he's a politician in the
 Mexican Parliament and he put out a call for body doubles because he wants to maintain his
 popularity and he's like, I'm so popular that I need to be in multiple places at once.
 So he's trying to do an ego on the band.
 He said, and he said, I'm not that fussy.
 If you're short then you can wear platform shoes.
 If you're chubby you can lose weight, if you're thin you can gain weight.
 It's fine.
 If you're tall I'll cut your feet off.
 He said the band from smoking and drinking because he doesn't smoke and drinking has to be realistic.
 Although at any public events he stipulated that they would have to say, I'm the double
 by the way, you're not quite getting the real guy you're getting a look alike.
 And he said, most importantly, they will not be able to live in my home, sleep with my
 wife or go to congress.
 So no shagging as part of the job.
 Yeah.
 It's any second most important on his list though, wasn't it?
 In order of importance between going to congress and living in my house.
 I can imagine his wife going, wait a minute, you've got no feet.
 Hey, I read a thing guys, which is that, so on the subject of body doubles, a lot of
 in movies there's obviously stunt doubles and body doubles for the biggest actors in
 the world.
 They all have them.
 And I started looking into stunt doubles generally for this topic tonight and found this
 thing where there's a lot of anger amongst the Hollywood community of stunt doubles because
 there's no Oscar for stunt doubling or body doubling and that is such a huge part of the
 movies.
 What you see in there is making people believe that you've been blown out of a window or
 they have it for special effects.
 They have a special event, but they think they should have an Oscar for it.
 And I found that there's actually a big petition that's been going on.
 And as far as I could see, as of last year, they stopped pushing it to the public because
 they didn't get the 100,000 votes that they needed.
 So it's on a site where they've managed to get 87,393 supporters and they've not quite
 hit the 100,000 that they need.
 So I'm going to read out the website for this here.
 It's called thepetitionSite.com.
 You've got to look for a standup for stunts and I reckon if enough people who are listening
 to this podcast can just go to that site very quickly and just give them a petition support
 we could get to 100,000 maybe next year or the year after stunt people can get an Oscar
 at the main award.
 How cool would that be?
 But they could upscale through the ceiling and pick up their award.
 Yes, yes.
 They're so close and the last update was a year ago, so they've given up and that's so
 sad because they're incredible.
 I would love to see the stunt Oscars.
 Everyone's constantly blowing shit up, smashing through the glass.
 That would be incredible.
 As a member of the audience, you'd be constantly looking for the emergency exit before someone
 said, "No, no, no, it's fine.
 It's part of it."
 But they are, they're more kind of omnipresent than you think, aren't they?
 So you know that bit in Notting Hill where Judy Roberts talks about people having butt
 doubles.
 I always thought that was a bit that had been scripted in and wasn't true, but they all
 have body doubles.
 And in fact, really trashy piece of celebrity information, but in pretty women, Judy Roberts
 had a body double for that as she was called Shelley Michelle and actually in the really
 iconic poster of pretty women where, you know, she's kind of leaning against something and
 she's got something over her shoulder, she's wearing some short leather skirt or something.
 The whole, the only bit of her that's Judy Roberts is the head.
 The rest of that is a body.
 So it's, I just wonder so weird.
 Someone else is body.
 But there are a lot of monkeys looking at that picture going, "That's not Julia Roberts's
 ass."
 Guys, we need to move on to our final facts.
 James, you got something before we do?
 So I was looking at Queen's jobs because this is person who's employed to do something
 for the Queen.
 The Queen has a keeper of the Queen's stamps because the Queen doesn't like stamp collecting
 while she has a shitload of stamps.
 And so she implies someone to be her official stamp collector.
 You're kidding.
 I am not kidding.
 And does she go and say, "How's my stamp collection doing?"
 I guess so.
 Why doesn't she like, does she not like the, licking the back of her own head?
 If you collect stamps, you don't lick them.
 What?
 That's surely one of the perks of stamp collecting.
 It's fun.
 You just can't get your stamp sac, oh, just lick that one again.
 I wouldn't lick the fronts of the stamps.
 That is deranged.
 Now, it's forcing her to collect stamps.
 No, she has a collection that's already there.
 So she needs someone to look after it.
 But this guy does go and get extra stamps for her collection.
 Yeah.
 So he is basically doing a hobby for her.
 Yeah.
 It's like having an official jigsaw maker.
 Yes.
 Oh, but she does collect jigsaws.
 No, wait.
 The fact is she doesn't collect jigsaws.
 Sorry, it's not, no, hang on.
 It's better than it sounds.
 She doesn't collect jigsaws.
 She does jigsaws.
 She loves them.
 But to save buying loads of jigsaws, she gets them out of her jigsaw library.
 You can rent jigsaws?
 Yeah.
 It's just a library.
 It's a free library for jigsaws.
 Sorry.
 Is she low on cash?
 God.
 She is thrifty.
 Well, I think they should put our taxes up.
 If the queen's on a four jigsaws, I'm not paying enough tax.
 Hey, listen, let's move on to our final factor, the show.
 And that is Chazinski.
 My fight is that.
 The US president, Jimmy Carter, once sent the nuclear launch codes to his dry cleaner.
 And not on purpose.
 This is, I read this article in Timeline, which is one of my favourite websites, timeline.com.
 And it's about the fact that there's been an open secret in Washington since Jimmy Carter
 was president that he lost the nuclear biscuit, as it's known, which is the little kind of
 credit card with the codes on it, because he sent a suit to the dry cleaners.
 And it was in the pocket, because the president has to have it on him at all times.
 And it's just, it's amazing.
 Did it come back sort of slightly blurry and he was like, oh, is that a, is that a six or
 a five?
 I'll wing it.
 I'll wing it.
 But isn't it true that basically all the presidents lose the codes all the time?
 They're very scattered with it.
 We can only hope that they lose the codes all the time, from wing at the moment.
 One of the problems that they do have from George W. Bush onwards is that the person carrying
 the football has to be by the president at all times, but the president often forgets that.
 So the president will finish what they're doing, hop in a car, and drive off.
 And then suddenly guy with the nuclear code is going, what do I do?
 And they have to chase after the president and try and get back to him in case he's needed
 I would constantly hide as president.
 You actually would, wouldn't you?
 You'd be deliberately all the time trying to sneak off.
 Yeah.
 You go even in the same lift as the president.
 I don't know what happens when the president asleep though.
 They sleep in the same bed as them.
 Do they?
 Yeah.
 When you found a fact for our book, which is about the fact that if Trump goes to, yes,
 yeah, if he goes to New York, the nuclear button has its own multi-million dollar flat in
 New York, which he didn't, the flat didn't get used for the first eight months of the
 presidency because he didn't go to New York, but they've hired a luxury apartment just
 for the button to sit in.
 But I like the fact that it's for the button and it's also for the people who guard the button
 so it's for his staff.
 But I like the idea that it is mainly for the button, so the button's in the double bed.
 And the staff are just standing to attention around the bed.
 Are you comfortable, sir?
 As you say, Clinton lost it.
 Yeah, Clinton lost it.
 He kept it rubber banded to his credit cards in a trouser pocket.
 Imagine that.
 That makes sense.
 It doesn't make sense.
 It's a very crazy thing to do.
 If you accidentally put in your nuclear button card into the machine at the till, I don't
 think that's how it sets off stuff, I don't think.
 This is why they say contactless is a very dangerous technology.
 And they only found out, didn't they, when I think Clinton's aide said, look, could you
 give me the biscuit back because we need to give you an updated version.
 This came out in a autobiography here a while ago, I think that's someone called
 Patterson.
 And here's, so his aide said, give me the biscuit back because we need to swap it.
 And Clinton said, yeah, yeah, sure, I think his upstairs, I just left it upstairs, I'll go
 and get it.
 And he's going around for a bit.
 And then eventually he admitted that he hadn't seen it for months and he had no idea where
 he put it.
 Oh, my God.
 But he must have known he hadn't seen it for months and he must have been…
 Oh, he would have been convocating.
 Absolutely.
 Shit.
 Yeah.
 So there was a lot of worry that a president with this kind of power could launch based
 on, let's say, even in our current climate, you know, you get too angry one day.
 The president might suddenly go, even in the current climate, that might happen.
 Yeah, in the current blissfully calm environment, we're all living in that climate, yeah.
 But he might suddenly, you know, it's a very, it's quite an easy process to do.
 And back in the day, there was a Harvard professor who thought about this and thought, actually,
 we need to make it a bit harder, we need to make it a big decision for the president to
 do.
 So this is what he suggested.
 He said, my suggestion was quite simple.
 Put the code that you needed to launch the nuclear warheads in a little capsule.
 And plant that capsule right next to the heart of a volunteer.
 The volunteer would carry with him a big butcher's knife, as he accompanied the president.
 If the president ever wanted to fire the nuclear weapons, the only way he would do so would
 be with his own hands to kill the person and then to break it out of them in order to
 do it.
 Yeah.
 And that wasn't a popular suggestion, in fact, they even went for it with Peter the Grey,
 he would have absolutely loved it.
 It's in here somewhere.
 Although interestingly, this is the carotid.
 I think that's a very impractical suggestion.
 It's a guy Roger Fisher, he was a Harvard professor, he published it in the Bulletin of
 Atomic Science.
 It was a real thing and it was very talked about.
 I don't know.
 The president constantly being company, but his man with a knife.
 This absolutely terrified, lucky man with a knife, is that?
 How?
 Just to finish that off, because I found that as well.
 They suggested it to the Pentagon, didn't they?
 Yeah.
 And the Pentagon said, my God, that's terrible.
 Having to kill someone would distort the president's judgment, he might never push the
 button.
 Really?
 Wow.
 Wow.
 So, like you said, there are two things, isn't there?
 There's this card, which is the biscuit.
 Yeah.
 And then there's the briefcase, which is the football.
 The briefcase is manufactured by a company called Zero Halliburton.
 Okay, and Zero Halliburton, they were Utah firm, and they do this, and the other thing is
 they do aluminium briefcases for Hollywood.
 So they've made briefcases for 24, West Wing, Independence Day, and Santa with Muscles.
 That's the main ones.
 Santa with Muscles is the 79th worst rated film in the whole of IMDB.
 Wow.
 No way.
 Wow.
 In the whole thing.
 In the whole thing.
 There must be billions in there.
 Sorry, they make, so they make this, they make, well, they're not fake because they need to
 use them in the movies, but these really are some kind of aluminium briefcases, because
 the guy who invented it realized that briefcases are not so good, and aluminium ones will
 be better.
 And they're good for carrying nuclear codes.
 The nuclear codes that they have, by the way, are pretty weird, so that it's basically
 two lists, and they're pictorial, and one list is places to bomb, and the other one is how
 to bomb them.
 So you basically go down, you go, "Hell, go for this one, Pyongyang, and this one, a big
 fuck off bomb."
 Wow.
 I can't, but, I mean, the one thing keeping the world safe was the idea that Trump would have
 to read more than six words.
 A military aide to Bill Clinton said it was like a Denny's breakfast menu.
 Yeah.
 He said, "You picked one out of Colomé, and two out of Colomé."
 But it's bad.
 I wonder how seriously, because it obviously scares you to hear that this thing exists generally,
 I think.
 But I don't know how seriously they took it.
 So the fact is about Jimmy Carter having sent it accidentally the codes to the dry cleaners.
 When Jimmy Carter first got the nuclear football, it was given to him by the LBJ presidential
 administration, and when it was brought to him, the guy looked inside the briefcase when
 he first opened it in the companionship of, when he was with Jimmy Carter.
 And inside it, when they opened it, they found that the previous administration was having
 a bit of a joke, because they left inside it an empty beer can and a condom not for humans
 for horses.
 And that was inside the most deadly bag that a president could have next to them.
 And he didn't tell Jimmy Carter.
 He closed it.
 He went, "Yup, it's all good."
 And Jimmy Carter never found out about that.
 What?
 Yeah.
 The horses have condoms.
 I didn't know that either.
 No.
 Yeah.
 For me is the headline from that story.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 How do they put them on?
 Yeah, I've not even thought about.
 Nobody knows.
 On the US News, so there is a secretive US agency, and their job is to transport all the
 nuclear material around America, because obviously you've got loads of missile silos, you've
 got loads of nuclear science, and very few people know about this, but they're called
 the Office of Secure Transportation, and their vehicles sound absolutely insane.
 So the defenses, obviously, they've got convoys they go with, but the defenses include
 shock delivering systems, which basically means if you touch it, it electrocutes you.
 They've got axles which explode, so you can't drive them away even if you do manage to
 take over it.
 And they also have thick walls which ooze immobilizing foam.
 Wow.
 So if you are wrong and you touch the lorry, it just oozes out at you, and then catches
 you like you're on fly paper.
 It's so weird, because foam isn't that immobilizing.
 I put in baths.
 Yeah.
 I think of how difficult it is to get out of the bath.
 Yeah.
 They have special stuff, don't they?
 I think it's special.
 It's special foam.
 Yeah.
 It's a mobilizing foam.
 Got it.
 Not palm or live.
 Black or African bubble bath.
 We're going to have to wrap up in a sec, anything before we do, guys.
 I can tell you that we've been talking about American nuclear bombs.
 We have nuclear bombs as well in the UK.
 And it is technically legal for Prince Charles to set off a nuclear bomb.
 No.
 That's true.
 It's true.
 It's because he is the Duke of Cornwall.
 And if you're Duke of Cornwall, there's a few laws you technically don't have to follow.
 And one of them is the Nuclear Explosions Act.
 The other one is the Data Protection Act.
 And another one is the Wildlife and Countryside Act.
 So it means, as well as being able to set off nuclear bombs, he can share your email address
 with third parties.
 And technically, he's allowed to shoot a great-crested newt with a machine gun.
 That's amazing.
 OK.
 That is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the
 course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 Andy.
 @AndruhunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And Jaczynski.
 You can email pockons.ky.com.
 Yep.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing.
 Or you can go to our website.
 Nosuchthing is a fish.com where we have all of our previous episodes.
 Also got a link to our book, which we're about to give a copy away to one member of
 the audience here in Birmingham.
 We asked you to send in your facts before the show started.
 And here we go.
 This is the fact.
 Andy, what is it?
 I've got it.
 I'm just taking the phone off airplane mode.
 Unbelievable.
 OK.
 So this fact was sent in by a man called Steven Conneber.
 And his fact is that the game Cludo was invented by a Pratt from Birmingham.
 Sorry.
 That's a Pratt from Birmingham.
 And it was called Murder at Tudor Close.
 Wow.
 Cool.
 OK.
 Well, if you're here, come and grab a book from us at the end.
 Guys, as I said at the beginning, we're going to be in the back.
 We've got books.
 If you want to get one, we'll be there signing them.
 Hopefully, I don't know how much time we have, but we'll try and bang through as many
 of you as possible.
 And then we'll study on them.
 I mean, in the correct climate, then.
 Bad choice of words.
 Bad choice of words.
 But Birmingham, this has been awesome.
 And by the way, just before we wrap up, because again, we're doing these bigger venues, we
 thought we'd end on something special.
 We have here tonight, as I said, the singer and songwriter, Emperor Yes, Ash Gardener is
 here.
 And we're going to go out by playing our theme tune live for you guys tonight as I go.
 Yeah.
 So please welcome to the stage, ladies and gentlemen.
 It is Ash Gardener.
 There he is, everybody.
 And thank you so much, Birmingham.
 That was awesome.
 Thank you.
 [APPLAUSE]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [MUSIC]
 [APPLAUSE]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
