 [Music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from four undisclosed locations in the UK. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Anna
 Tyshinski, Andrew Hunter Murray and James Harkin and once again we have gathered around the
 microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order,
 here we go. Starting with fact number one and that is Andy. My fact is that one in three people
 in the UK has seen the Queen in real life. Wow. That's insane. It feels high to me. There are
 about 70 million people in the UK. Shouldn't we start off with a survey of the people on this soon?
 Yes 100% and I've got some extra data to add actually. I know that Dan has for sure because
 Dan's actually properly met the Queen. I went to Buckingham Palace. You slept with her, haven't you?
 It was Phillip. I slept with Phillip that she came in and served us tea in the morning.
 I'm sure you can be arrested for this kind of comment. Definitely. This is now the treason cast.
 Okay, so Dan has to Buckingham Palace Garden Party. Fine. Anna? I don't think so. Okay, data.
 I need a lot of people, you know. We should ask the Queen about if she's that Anna.
 Have you seen her though, Anna? Like have you, with your eyes in public, seen her? That's the
 other bit of it. No, not in public. The only reason I hesitate is because I know my siblings have
 met her because my brother's called Charlie and my... She meets all the Charlie's. It's a ceremony
 every year. Are they like swans? They're like the UK swans. All the Charlie's belong to the Queen.
 He got a golden ticket and some chocolate. They let him meet the Queen, didn't they?
 Yeah. I said that the wrong way round because my dad for his job met the... My parents met her
 and my mum was holding my brother Charlie as a baby at the time and the Queen said to my mum
 what's he called and she said Charlie and the Queen said, "Oh, I've got a little Charlie as well."
 Wow, that's awesome. Which is weird because he would have been about 30 at that point.
 Okay, so, no, but that's a no. James? Well, I think I have seen her. It's kind of... I was very
 young when it happened. I think when... When I was 10 years old, she came to Bolton, right?
 Okay. To celebrate Bolton's 150th birthday and I think I stood on the street and saw her go past
 and I looked on the Bolton Even News website to see what happened and they said that everyone
 from age nine to 11 was given the morning off to go and see the Queen and I would have been 10,
 so that makes sense. But I asked my mum and she didn't remember it at all and I'm like,
 "Yeah, but mum, I have kind of a memory and it's in the Bolton Even News that we were there,
 so, Charlie, it must have happened." And she said, "Well, I had three young children and a full-time
 job, so how the hell am I supposed to remember stuff like that?" But I think I might have done.
 Put you down as a half. Yeah. Okay. I'm a yes. Oh, yeah. Consec? Because she was visiting the
 university I was at and she walked past, but no face time with her, no personal contact.
 But I've also asked Ann Miller and Alex Bell, the other regulars, and they have both seen
 the Queen, Ann was a child and Alex was, I think, an ascot or something and saw a yellow blur
 in the distance, which he claims was the Queen. Was she on a horse, a yellow blur?
 Yeah, she came in third. She did really well. But that's, how many is that? That's one, two,
 and a half with James. I think I'm a one, Andy. I really do think, honestly, I think I've seen her.
 So that's five out of six. Am I one and a half because I've touched her?
 Am I in a different category? You're not allowed to, Dan. That's the main thing.
 What are you talking about? You're not allowed to touch the Queen.
 Of course you are. No, you're not. Well, she touched me. She touched me. Oh, that's completely different.
 You're rather...
 But that's one of the main rules. There's no touching.
 But there aren't really any rules, right? It's just kind of etiquette. In fact, on the Royal
 Family website, I think maybe they're trying to play it cool, but they strictly say they're
 in no obligatory codes of behaviour at all when you beat the Queen. You can pull your trousers
 down if you like. You will be shocked. Dan, you actually did pull your pants down, didn't you?
 And said, "Hey, I've got a little Charlie of my own." Oh, no.
 Oh, next week's episode coming to you live from the Tower of London.
 It is nerve-wracking, though, all the protocols. So I met her at Buckingham Palace. It was part of
 a party in celebration of her heading to Australia, and I got sent an invitation,
 as supposedly a notable Australian, which is so bizarre. And you get with the invitation,
 you get this extraordinary list of protocol of how you approach the Queen if you meet her,
 what to say, how to use Mam the first time, and then Her Majesty. I've got the order
 wrong in that, but it's stuff like that. Sorry, you've also got the pronunciation wrong,
 according to the Royal Family official website. They're very strict. Is it Mam?
 It's Mam. It's the only bit of protocol, they say, is a rule addressed as Mam as in Jam.
 Well, she's from the Northeast, isn't she? So she always calls herself Mam.
 It's never Mum. It's always Mam. But sorry, Dan, go on.
 No, I'm just saying, with all that playing in your head, it's a very nerve-wracking
 experience. You find it very hard to be present in the moment when you're meeting the Queen
 and shaking her hand. Philip, less so, because you're just waiting for him to say something
 a bit routine, which I was hoping for. He must have been in his element with all those Australians.
 Yeah, exactly. He just had to bite his tongue. He genuinely, when I shook hands with him,
 he kind of lent in as if he was going to say something and just went, "Ah, not worth it."
 This little shake of his head just went, "Ah, I don't need this today."
 But he didn't say, "Not worth it." His eyes said that.
 No, but you could tell with his look. His eyes said, "Well, because I got in a fight later on
 with one of his sons, Prince Edward, who came up." Who won?
 He did, because I was in his house. He kind of just sort of won it by default.
 He knows where the weapons are. Yeah. He doesn't like QI, by the way.
 So he kind of insulted all of us. It's awkward.
 Yeah. He said, "Oh, is it that pompous show with the pompous Stephen Frye who pretends to know
 all these facts?" Well, at least he has seen it. Yeah.
 Christ, I think the Royal Family wants to talk about pomposity.
 That's true. Stephen Frye never insisted on a gold carriage, not for the first three series,
 anyway. So, Dan, you're not the only eminent Australian to have met the Queen.
 I mean, it would be insane if you were a part of the party.
 But this sort of ties in with the touching thing and the etiquette about not touching the Queen,
 unless you're shaking hands with her or whatever. But she visited Australia in 1992,
 which I guess was the time before Dan, your garden party with her.
 But the PM at the time, Paul Keating, he put his arm around her,
 not in a kind of cinema-yorn stretch way, but he sort of just put his hand on the small of her
 back. And the British papers called him the Lizard of Oz as a result. Yeah. One newspaper wrote,
 "Mr Keating, in placing his hand in the centre of her back, was actually touching that little
 fastener, which is the miniature linchpin of all women's femininity."
 What? Is that a thing? It is. And how did they get hold of that secret?
 We were sworn to keep it under wraps.
 But the Queen, actually, it's not a linchpin. It's one of those strings that you pull out.
 When you pull it out, she goes, "How do you do? How do you do? How do you do? How do you do?"
 I think it's implying that he was trying to unhook her bra.
 Is it the minute? It says the minute little fastener,
 which is the miniature linchpin of all women's...
 Not lower back.
 Oh, no, it wasn't. Sorry, it was just a medium back.
 You don't... bras don't descend down your torso as the oppressors do.
 It's not like elderly women have got their bras around their waist.
 You know what? We're learning a lot here today, aren't we?
 This is... Yeah.
 Real lesson for the lads.
 But you shrink when you're older, so your back gets smaller, doesn't it?
 It just gets closer... Your shoulders get closer to your bum, naturally.
 I guess.
 This thing about one-third of Britain's having seen the Queen was part of a survey by Yougoth,
 wasn't it? And so I looked at some of the other things in that survey.
 And so 22% of people have seen Prince Philip. So that's one in five-ish.
 The next most commonly seen is Princess Anne on 17%.
 Only 1% have seen Meghan Markle.
 She was the least, but she's not been going for as long as she...
 No, that's true.
 She's a new character.
 Prince Harry was the same. It's 3% of 65-year-olds and over have seen him,
 and only 5% of 18 to 24-year-olds.
 And it's just because the Queen has been going for so long
 and has been doing so many visits all over the place.
 So for people over the age of 65, 49% have either seen or met her,
 which I just find insane.
 Well, it's true. It's like when she came to Bolton,
 it was just to get her numbers up, really, because she got all the kids along the street,
 and she's like, "Well, this is another 200,000 people that can access the list."
 She's playing a long Pokemon game with all of us.
 We are the Pokemon.
 It's Pokemon Comuna, isn't it?
 She's got a list of all the Comunas in the country, and she's just taking them all off.
 The list of people that she's met, I read that she has met over a quarter
 of all the US presidents ever.
 She's met something close to it.
 Yeah, she's met something close to 30% of all the presidents that America has ever had.
 That is insane.
 That is breaking news for me.
 I was trying to find the most famous person the Queen hasn't met,
 and so I went on to Google and searched for who's the most famous person in the world,
 and then went down the list to see,
 and Google has the Queen met this person, has the Queen met this person.
 Well, I didn't have to go that far, because as far as I can see, she hasn't met Justin Bieber.
 And Google thinks that he's one of the most famous people in the world.
 They've never been seen in the same room at the same time, have they?
 Well, you see, Justin Bieber is another person whose shoulders are quite close to his bum,
 isn't he, because he's a very small man.
 Because I was reading about people who have met Justin Bieber,
 and Freddie Flintoff, a cricketer who is an extremely tall guy,
 he went to meet him, he got a meet and greet with his kids and his wife,
 and they went down the queue and they got to the front,
 and the kids got to see Justin Bieber,
 but the Justin Bieber staff wouldn't let Freddie Flintoff go anywhere near him,
 and they said he doesn't like big guys.
 Because if you have Freddie, who's like six, four, six, five, something like that,
 standing next to Justin Bieber, he's going to look like a little tiny bloke.
 Yeah, it's like why he only hangs out with Tom Cruise and people like that, Justin Bieber.
 Yeah, yeah, also Justin Bieber is why he wears his trousers so low,
 is because he's trying to make it look like a distance from his shoulders to his bum,
 is greater than it actually is.
 There are only a few inches apart, actually.
 The Royal Family have banned commoners from wearing their official tartan.
 Can you believe this? Prince Albert designed the tartan for the family, for the firm,
 in 1853, and then several decades later in 1937,
 there was a tartan manufacturer who wrote to them saying,
 "Oh, this is a lovely tartan and we'd love to make it."
 And the keeper of the previous purse wrote back saying,
 "Absolutely not. You may not make this as exclusively for the royal use."
 Anyway, you would think that was in 1937.
 Things might have changed a bit since then.
 In 2016, the palace confirmed that this remains in place.
 There is one person in the world who is not a member of the Royal Family,
 who is allowed to wear the tartan.
 Can we guess?
 It's guessable as well.
 It's definitely guessable.
 Nicola Sturgeon.
 It's not Nicola Sturgeon.
 Is it one of the crankies, if any of us are still alive?
 It's Jimmy Cranky.
 No, it's not.
 Is it the person who tries on stuff for the queen?
 Oh, yeah.
 No, brilliant guess.
 Is it the winner of the caber toss in every year's Highland Games?
 It's another lovely, lovely guess.
 It's not, it's a bit further away.
 That would be a great prize, wouldn't it?
 Is it someone Scottish?
 Does it have to be someone Scottish in this?
 It's someone who is almost certainly going to be Scottish due to their job.
 It's someone who might be wearing tartan as a matter of course.
 The person who paints the fourth rail bridge.
 No, it's not that.
 It's the backpiper on Princess Street,
 who annoys everyone every morning during the festival.
 You were so, you know what?
 I think just to end this torture competition, I'm going to say yes.
 It's her alarm clock, her backpiping alarm clock man.
 Her backpiping alarm clock man as the official role is, yes.
 Wow.
 I know.
 That's another incredibly long-lasting thing.
 There have only been 15 royal backpipers since 1843,
 and they have to play for her every weekday morning,
 not every morning of the week.
 She's not a masochist, for 15 minutes they play.
 And apparently she doesn't ever want to hear the same tune twice.
 So it's a nightmare because there was one called Gordon Webster
 who said he had to know about seven or 800 different tunes.
 They must be, yeah, but they must be running out by now.
 Like how long has she been queen?
 60 years, what is it?
 Something like that.
 And then every morning, apart from the weekends,
 she's had a different tune.
 They must be getting, they must be kind of getting down to the,
 "All right, I'm going to do the killers today."
 And she had that one.
 Well, she's had Mr Brightside, but she hasn't.
 That's a cool way to inform her of like the latest charts.
 You just start playing the latest Ariana Grande.
 I don't know if she needs to be informed with the latest charts.
 Is that something that she demands?
 Well, maybe, you know, when she meets Bieber one day,
 she can say, "Love yourself."
 Can I do one more guessing game?
 Because Andy's one went so loud.
 According to Ben Shart, who I think we all kind of trust,
 writing in the spectator, a brilliant sort of collector of trivia,
 who do you think is the most seen human ever to have lived?
 As in the person that most people have seen in real life.
 Oh, wow.
 So someone who's done huge events and rallies and things like that,
 is it Donald Trump?
 Nope.
 Is it a politician from a really popular country, like Xi Jinping?
 Oh, good call.
 Narendra Modi.
 Oh, is it Dalai Lama?
 Ben Shart thinks none of those.
 Ben Shart thinks it is probably Mick Jagger.
 And that's because he's been going for so long,
 so long at playing in front of massive, massive audiences,
 non-stop and non-stop and non-stop, and out of all the...
 Is he from the Rolling Stones?
 Yes, yes, yes.
 Of all the Rolling Stones.
 He does most of it.
 Sorry.
 What a slam on the most seen man on earth.
 You don't deserve this fact.
 You don't deserve to be saying this fact.
 Oh, my God.
 Hang on.
 Can we just do a little straw poll among us?
 Who's seen...
 We know James has it.
 Who knows who he is?
 I might have done for all I know.
 I don't think I have seen the Rolling Stones at any stage,
 any of them, I don't think.
 I've seen Jagger.
 I've seen all of them because I went to a gig once.
 Me too.
 I've not.
 Dan, no.
 No.
 Surprising.
 No, very surprising.
 So the Queen in our little straw poll.
 Can you ask Alex Bell at Dan Miller as well, please, Andy?
 Yeah, I'll draw him a text.
 Yeah, Jagger was on the horse behind the Queen.
 Oh, that's such a good answer.
 While we're just talking of rock stars,
 I've been reading Elton John's autobiography called Me,
 which is unbelievably good, very scandalous.
 And he meets with the Queen quite a few times in the book.
 And he tells a story in it where he was at a party
 and he saw the Queen approaching a man called Viscount Lindley.
 And she asked him to look on after his sister
 who'd been taken ill and retired to her room.
 So he said, "Go and look after her."
 And he kept just partying.
 And so once he was fobbing the Queen off too many times,
 she went up to them, and this is what Elton John saw.
 You know that thing of saying a single word
 and slapping a cheek of someone back and forth
 in between the words that you see in movies?
 She says that the Queen went up to Viscount Lindley
 and went, "Don't slap, argue with me.
 I am the Queen."
 And then he went off to look after the daughter.
 And then Elton says the Queen then turned to Elton.
 She stared at him and gave a little wink and walked off.
 That's what he says.
 I mean, it might have happened.
 It's in the book.
 He's Elton John's a fantasist.
 I'm not sure he is.
 I think he tells the truth.
 Is that... I mean, can that have happened?
 No, because it's...
 No, I do remember actually in Prince's biography,
 he says that he saw the Queen slamming Prince Edward's head
 in the fridge door repeatedly.
 Because he said he didn't like QI.
 She said, "You should watch QI. It's very funny."
 OK, it is time for fact number two, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in 1714,
 when a Dutch ship ran out of ammunition 14 hours into a battle,
 the captain sent a boat over to the enemy asking to borrow
 some gunpowder and cannonballs so they could continue the fight.
 And did they give them the cannonballs?
 No.
 Can we borrow them as quite good?
 We'll give them back.
 Yeah, no, I think it was seen as a sort of a bit of a cheeky surrender,
 really, because the captains actually,
 I don't know if it was the humour of it,
 ended up having a drink and toasting each other,
 sending some compliments very nicely for it, well done,
 and then off they went on their ways.
 So neither ship was sunk in the end and neither was captured.
 So quite a good ending.
 So yeah, so this is a story to do more with the captain,
 whose name was Peter Janssen Vessel, otherwise known as Tordenschild,
 and he was a Dano-Norwegian nobleman who was,
 he's very famous in sort of the history now of Denmark.
 There's statues of him in Copenhagen,
 the most popular brand of matches, has his image on it.
 He's mentioned in the Royal National Anthem,
 he was sort of a big character at the time,
 but this was quite an infamous incident
 in what was known as the Great Northern War.
 He was captaining this Royal Danish-Norwegian Navy ship,
 and he ran into what they thought was a British ship,
 but was actually Swedish,
 and it was a much bigger ship than what he had.
 He never should have engaged in a fight with it,
 in a battle with it,
 and so he was reprimanded when he got back
 for having done that,
 for risking everyone's life and the ship itself.
 So that he survived,
 but it kind of didn't work out for him for a while.
 Well, although he fought his case
 and won it in the end, didn't he?
 He was such a brazen man
 that it seemed like he just always got away with the stuff.
 He seemed to be always doing things like this,
 and yeah, like you say, he was reprimanded,
 he was court-martialed,
 and he managed to find an obscure piece of naval law
 which got him off,
 so he was court-martialed because he persisted much too long,
 but then he found a bit of law that said
 that you have to pursue any ship that's fleeing you,
 and got off scot-free and was immediately promoted,
 and he was constantly promoted in his life.
 But it was weird, this battle,
 because one of the reasons he was lucky,
 I guess, was because he was quite,
 I guess he cheated,
 so he often went in disguise as another country,
 so in this battle it would have looked to the outsider
 like it was a Dutch ship fighting a British ship,
 because like you said, he thought it was the British
 because the Swedes had sent a ship to Britain
 to have the Brits fit it out
 with, you know, some good gear,
 and the Brits were sending their ship back at the time,
 so it looked like it was British
 because it was covered in British regalia,
 and then he himself disguised his ship as a Dutch ship
 so that he could sneak up on the enemy
 without them realising that he was the enemy.
 So it looked like a Dutch ship and a British ship,
 but it was actually a Dano-Norwegian and a Swedish ship.
 That's correct.
 It's unbelievable that anyone got anything done in this time.
 But what was the difference?
 Is it like the flag?
 I guess it's the flag that they're carrying, is it?
 I think it's mostly flags, yeah.
 It's not that everyone on board was like with a cup of tea
 and a bowl of hats and stuff and a monocle.
 There's Union Jack suits that had to do.
 He died aged about 30, didn't he?
 He was incredibly young when he died,
 and he died in a duel with a Swedish count
 who was over a disagreement about cards.
 It feels like he could have,
 it feels like whatever war it was could have gone the other way.
 What did he say? It was Great Northern War.
 Great Northern War.
 Well, it's like what Anna says.
 He was just incredibly brazen.
 And what happens is you get promoted to captain,
 then you get promoted to the next thing,
 then you get promoted to the next thing,
 but eventually your luck runs out and you get killed in a duel.
 But what happened was he was in this duel with this proper,
 what was he, captain or something like that, colonel.
 And the colonel was fully kitted out
 with proper war-like equipment,
 like proper swords and armor and stuff like that.
 Whereas all he had was his ceremonial sword,
 which was like might as well have been made out of plastic
 and come to a fashion price,
 because it didn't really work very well.
 And so as soon as he got in the duel, he had no chance.
 Oh, no.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 His name was given to him quite,
 it was after even this incident
 where he asked to borrow some ammunition.
 1716, he was given it.
 And Tordenskild translates as shield of thunder,
 like thunder shield.
 Such a such an awesome nickname to have.
 But yeah, it's interesting that that's what he's known as now.
 And it almost has been put as his unofficial,
 or rather look seemingly official surname,
 even the vessel.
 Well, it was his official title, I think,
 when he was knighted.
 That's what they knighted him as.
 Tordenskild shield of thunder,
 which would actually be a really useful shield
 if it was made of thunder.
 Doesn't work at all.
 But you'd only hear him coming like five seconds
 after he'd already attacked you.
 That's true.
 It's a good point.
 Hey, you know the brand of matches you mentioned
 at the start, Dan?
 Yeah.
 That are named after him.
 And they were named after him in 1882,
 when they were founded.
 And it was because Sweden had a monopoly on matchmaking
 and match exports.
 And so the free catchphrase of these matches
 was you can use these to once again strike at the Swedish.
 The idea was to take down their monopoly.
 Yeah.
 And they were bought by a Swedish company in 1972.
 In your face, Tordenskild.
 So Tordenskild won this war in the end or his side won it.
 And it kind of stopped the Swedes from being
 like an absolute massive country.
 So at that time, Sweden was huge.
 Like they were in charge of most of like Northern Europe.
 They even had a colony in North America at the time.
 They were kind of spreading out.
 And then it was kind of the Russians and the Dano-Norwegians.
 And the British were on both sides at various times
 of this conflict, but it was basically the Russians
 who wanted to stop the Swedish from being massive.
 And then when the Swedish lost, that was kind of the rise
 of Russia and Peter the Great and stuff like that.
 But what I found really interesting is in this war,
 there was quite a lot.
 I think there are three or four examples of women
 who fought on the Swedish side who were dressed as men
 and who no one realized until either they got caught
 or after the war and stuff like that.
 There was one called Elizabeth Olstotter
 who was actually executed afterwards on the charges
 of having dressed as a man and serving as a soldier.
 There was another one called Ulrika Stahlhammer
 who was let off because she did such good work for the army.
 So they caught her and they arrested her and stuff.
 And she got married to a woman, but they arrested her
 and she got off.
 But there was...
 Sorry, James, did she get married to a woman
 with the woman thinking she was a man?
 Well, it's controversial, Dan, you see, because they got caught
 and it went to court and they said that the woman
 didn't know anything and she only found out later on.
 But we're not sure what happened there.
 But because this was happening, because it was really famous
 that it was happening, it was used as an excuse
 by homosexual soldiers in the Swedish army
 because obviously that was illegal in Sweden as well,
 especially in the army.
 And whenever they got caught, they would say,
 "Well, we'd heard all these stories about these women
 pretending to be men, so we just assumed it was a woman."
 And apparently quite a lot of people got off
 because they used that excuse.
 That is so slick.
 I just assumed that half the people on board this ship
 were very realistically women dressed as men.
 That's like...
 Is it Hannah Snell who was the famous person
 around about the same time, the famous British women
 who was in the Navy, who was in the Royal Marines, I think,
 and she was shot in the groin at one point,
 which is really awkward if you're a woman pretending to be a man.
 And so she had to extract the bullet
 and deal with the word completely herself to keep it secret.
 And she was just like, "Oh, wow, my balls!
 My balls! Oh, they're so soft!"
 I was going to say that would probably help with your secret,
 going, "Oh, lobbed right off!"
 I was looking into other sort of bizarre moments
 in naval wartime history.
 And just sticking with the Dutch for a second,
 the capture of the Dutch fleet at Den Helder, this was in 1795.
 And basically this was a battle between the Dutch and the French.
 And the Dutch were on a boat that was on a body of water
 that froze over while they were anchored.
 And so the French had the ability to not even need a boat
 or a ship to get to them.
 They went out on horseback with cavalry,
 and they fought a ship on horseback.
 It was a battle between cannons and men on horses with swords.
 And the French cavalry captured them.
 And it's extraordinary, the imagery.
 I just want to see the paintings of that.
 So good.
 Well, it's surely just by the cannons into the ice,
 create massive holes,
 and the horse is going to fall right through them.
 See, that's clever.
 Yeah.
 They needed my kind of leadership,
 because I think they just surrendered straight away, didn't they?
 Yeah, they couldn't run away.
 You know, Iran owns a fake US aircraft carrier,
 which is exclusively for the purpose of them attacking it.
 But the great thing is, it's reusable.
 This year, they had their third ever attack on it,
 where they symbolically sink it, basically.
 But unfortunately, this year, they tried it again,
 and it sank by itself.
 And it's now created a shipping hazard,
 blocking a really important naval port, so they can't get to it.
 How is it reusable if you sink it?
 Can you bring it back up again or not?
 OK, so this is a really tricky thing.
 I think they didn't properly bomb it,
 as in when they do their displays,
 they might fly helicopters at it,
 they might fire it at a bit.
 But they're quite careful to,
 I think, fire it above the water line or whatever,
 so they don't properly sink it.
 And this year, it clearly decided it had enough,
 because it just sank.
 And they don't have salvage ships,
 so they now can't get it up either.
 Well, that sounds like good news,
 because it sounds like, based on that,
 they probably won't be actually attacking the US anytime soon.
 What are you on about?
 They now know exactly how to sink close these ships.
 Just do what all we have to do is try not to sink it.
 That's a good point.
 Do you know how you sink an ancient Greek trirheam?
 What's a trirheam?
 Is that a boat?
 With three sets of arms, is it?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, one of their boats.
 It sounds like the start of a joke, doesn't it?
 How do you sink a trirheam?
 Well, do you...
 They've all got holes that they row through,
 so do you just have to tilt it a bit
 so that the holes let the water enter?
 That's clever.
 That is clever.
 It's actually, that's how you don't sink it.
 So they would ram each other, right?
 They all had toughen prowls,
 and they would ram each other
 and try and sink each other that way.
 And the rams are often at the waterline,
 so if you hit them with the ram,
 that hole below the waterline,
 they're going to sink fast.
 So genuinely, if you were being attacked by another ship
 and you can't get out of the way in time,
 what they would do is everyone on board
 would run to one side of the ship,
 which is about to be hit by the ram.
 The ship tilts over into the water.
 Then when the ram hits, it's hitting a much higher bit.
 Then when you tilt back,
 it's hit somewhere that's above the waterline.
 Exactly.
 Isn't that insane as a defence tactic
 to run towards the massive battering ram
 that's about to hit your ship?
 That's amazing.
 But if you've half tilted your ship one way,
 isn't the battering ram just being given
 an easier job to flip you over entirely?
 It's not aiming to flip you over.
 It's not like a spatula.
 You're not flipping a pancake.
 Now, this isn't robot wars.
 Just mean by accident, not intention.
 Yeah, if Sir Killalot is approaching you
 with the battering ram, what are you…
 I don't think it would.
 If you're coming at that angle,
 I don't think the physics of that
 wouldn't cause your boat to capsize.
 Largely speaking, boats are designed
 so that they don't flip over that easily.
 Yeah, true.
 That's true.
 Well, although since…
 I mean, although some boats have flipped over,
 we all know that.
 But famously, we were talking about
 the Swedish Empire and what powerhouse it was.
 And when it was this huge naval power
 in the 17th, early 18th centuries,
 they thought to celebrate this,
 they built the world's best warship.
 And this was 1628.
 It was called the Vasa.
 It was 68 metres long.
 It was the most high-tech warship the world had ever known.
 It was painted in really stunning colours,
 scenes from the Swedish military victories
 of history all over it.
 And so thousands of people flocked to see it launch
 from harbour and it set off.
 And 20 minutes later, it tipped over and sunk.
 And they just built it too top-heavy
 and it keeled right over.
 Oh, my God.
 It's an amazing story.
 Is that the one they have in…
 That they have in…
 In Stockholm.
 In Stockholm, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 I just heard about that.
 They dredged it
 and they have built an entire museum around it.
 And you guys are not going to believe this.
 Can you see the mug I'm drinking from?
 It's got a ship on it.
 That ship is the Vasa.
 Look at the handle here.
 It says Vasa.
 How?
 We don't see it, Andy.
 Did you go see it when we were there?
 It's where I bought this mug.
 You should have taken me.
 I didn't know about it.
 I was busy dancing with holograms of ABBA
 at the ABBA Museum.
 I'd much rather would have been there.
 Some of us are doing long-range research
 for an episode of the podcast in two years' time.
 Nice try, mate.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that vanilla farmers in Madagascar
 stump their names on each individual pod on the vine.
 That was very offensive.
 That's incredible.
 Yeah, it's like when you're at school,
 you have to have your name sewn into all your clothes.
 It's the same kind of thing.
 Except this is to stop gangs of robbers
 from stealing your vanilla.
 No, that's why I have my name stitched into my clothes.
 Of course.
 To stop the gangs of robbers.
 You went to a pretty scary school didn't you, Eddie?
 They're really sweet, the little stumps as well.
 So this is because Madagascar
 is in the middle of a vanilla boom,
 or actually sort of coming out of a huge vanilla boom.
 So it produces 80% of the world's vanilla
 and price is just shot up a couple of years ago.
 And there are these vanilla gangs,
 these huge gangs and robbers at night who come
 and they strip your vines completely bare
 because it's going for so much money.
 And so now the farmers literally put that
 either their name or sometimes their serial number,
 a specific serial number on an individual pot.
 So if you see it on eBay later, you could be like,
 "Oh, that was stolen from my farm."
 One of the problems is that once your vanilla pot is ripe,
 you kind of need to leave it for quite a long time, don't you?
 You need to leave it for quite a few months
 to just get better and better and better.
 And the longer you leave it, the better it is.
 But the thieves know this.
 So if they get there early, then they have something
 which is still good enough to sell,
 but not quite as good enough
 that the farmer would like, it's a trade-off.
 Do you wait till the end
 so you get really high-quality product
 or do you take it early so the thieves don't get it?
 Yeah.
 Actually, that makes more sense of something I found out
 because the government has now banned people,
 the farmers in Madagascar from picking vanilla too early
 because they have to be shrink-wrapped
 if they're picked early and that can make them moldy
 and it lowers the content of vanilla,
 which is the main flavor chemical.
 And they, in fact, you know how governments
 sometimes burn smuggled or illegal goods in public
 so they'll burn ivory, for example, to destroy the market.
 They recently burned half a tonne
 of prematurely picked vanilla pods in public
 to kind of make an example about this law.
 Do you think that would have smelled nice?
 I bet it would.
 Ah, what does that mean?
 Oh, yeah.
 Like an amazing scented candle, a giant scented candle.
 They ran a huge bath next to it,
 people just relaxing music.
 That's amazing. The prices have leapt up,
 but weirdly, it doesn't seem to have leapt up specifically
 for the growers.
 There seems to be this middle group of people
 who distribute it, who are known as "vanillionaires"
 and they're the ones that are sort of really reaping the money
 and building up all these areas in Madagascar now
 from if you were living in a wooden, hutted house,
 they're now brick.
 Like, there's a big change going there as a result.
 Yeah, weirdly, the huge jump in prices
 doesn't seem to have made it back to the original producers.
 Yeah.
 What a surprise.
 Unusual situation in this world we live.
 Yeah, they're trying to write that wrong, aren't they?
 And actually, I read a very heartening article
 in, I think it was in the FT, which was saying that
 this is being clamped down on,
 and the reason it's being clamped down on
 is because buyers, as in us,
 are more discerning than they used to be.
 So all the hipster sort of morally sound awareness
 of where your goods have come from
 means that there's a lot of pressure on big companies
 like Mars to actually make sure that you're not exploiting
 farms at the other end of the chain.
 And so what that means is, you know,
 the person who owns Mars goes to Madagascar,
 looks at farmers' situations, and tries to sort it out.
 And I think there's a project called
 Livelihoods Out There Now,
 which is making sure that the money's making it back
 to those original producers.
 But some people really did profit from growing them as well.
 There was a woman called Lydia Sower,
 who was interviewed in one article,
 who said that her husband was a fisherman a few years ago,
 and she wanted to plant vanilla,
 and her husband said, "No, absolutely not terrible idea."
 And she did it anyway.
 And it's now worth about...
 She's got a tiny little garden with a few vanilla pods in it,
 and it's worth about $8,000, which is massive, massive there.
 Although she was saying this very, very proudly
 to a woman called Victoria Mars,
 who was visiting and who does have an 8% stake in Mars,
 which, as this person pointed out,
 is annual sales are three times the size of Madagascar's GDP.
 But so, you know, it probably didn't...
 Her jaw didn't drop, but the sound was $8,000
 in the same way that this woman was hoping.
 You know how there are vanilla nerds, as you said, Dan, was it?
 There are also, I don't think anyone's called them this,
 "Vanigillantes."
 "Vanilla vigilantes."
 It's the thing I'm trying to get.
 Because, as Anna was saying, it's so much there.
 So a few years ago, 15% of all the vanilla on the planet
 was stolen, which is a hard...
 And some vanilla thieves would write ahead in advance.
 That's how brazen they got.
 They would write a note saying,
 "We are coming tonight. Prepare what we want."
 And that has actually led to quite a few deaths,
 because when these people have been caught,
 there isn't enough sort of justice available on the ground.
 So there are vanilla vigilantes now
 who are catching and even killing the thieves.
 That is brazen.
 They sound like they've taken a few leaves
 out of Peter Skulden things, but Thorne Skulde's book.
 But can't you get round the poaching by, you know,
 just changing your name to the name that's on the pod?
 You know, the guy in your article's called Leon.
 Couldn't I just arrive in town and change my name to Leon?
 Well, Anna also said, sometimes they put like codes and barcodes on.
 You can't change your name to 731-964.
 You could.
 I bet there's a child of a celebrity who's called that right now.
 Yeah, Elon Musk is up to something.
 You don't know what yet.
 And so vanilla grown, like you say,
 80% in Madagascar.
 But it's not originally from there, is it?
 It's originally from South America or South and Central America
 and North America, because Mexico,
 which is neither in South America nor in Central America.
 It's in North America.
 It's from Mexico.
 It's vanilla's from Mexico.
 And it was invented by this woman called Princess Zanat,
 who probably didn't exist.
 But she was Princess from the Tottenaco people.
 And she was Goddess, kind of, as well as being a princess.
 She was forbidden by her father from marrying a mortal.
 And she ran away to the forest with her lover,
 and they were captured and beheaded.
 And where their blood hit the ground,
 that's where the first vanilla pods grow.
 And that's where vanilla comes from.
 It was an arduous way to invent something, isn't it?
 And then it got taken over to Madagascar,
 more specifically, Reunion,
 which is where they learned how to grow it.
 And it didn't work for ages, because the pollen is inaccessible.
 The flowers are insane.
 They're fertile for 12 hours after they bloom.
 So if you're a vanilla farmer, there's big pressure.
 You can't just take the weekend off,
 assuming that it'll be all right when you get back.
 The flowers bloom for one day, yes, for this 12 hours.
 And in Mexico, obviously, there are insects
 which have evolved to fertilize the flowers.
 Only one species of bee.
 There's only one species of bee called a melipone.
 Who can do it?
 Although, actually, they've recently done a study
 and they don't even think it's that.
 Really?
 They always thought it was this one melipone bee.
 And they now can't...
 I haven't actually got any evidence that this even pollinates it.
 But it's not...
 Something's pollinating it.
 Something's pollinating it.
 Something in Mexico.
 That's all it comes.
 Yeah, so for years, they couldn't export it around the world
 because you don't have the bee or the hummingbird or whatever it is.
 So the method is hand fertilizing.
 You have to get in with a toothpick
 and rub the flowers, genitals together.
 And that's what fertilizes it.
 And that's what makes it produce the vanilla pods.
 And if you miss your window with a flower, you lose the pods.
 Yeah.
 You're sort of trying to make it have sex with itself, aren't you?
 Against its will.
 Yeah, not against its will.
 It's against its will.
 The reason they're so hard to pollinate
 is because they've got this lid
 between the male and the female parts of the plant.
 And the idea is that you don't really want to self- inseminate
 because, I guess, over many, many generations
 maybe that's bad for an organism.
 And so it's against the plant's will
 that you lift the lid very, very carefully
 and you dip into the answer, the female part,
 and you get the pollen out
 and you smear it all over the male part.
 Yeah.
 This is definitely a side of the #MeToo movement.
 I don't think any of us expected it.
 So this was first discovered
 by an enslaved man in Reunion called Edmund Albius.
 And he basically had this guy who was his boss
 and he was telling him how they make watermelons
 but how they can't do it with vanilla pods.
 And so Edmund Albius decided,
 "Well, okay, you say you can't, but let's have a go."
 And he started messing around with it,
 messing around with it.
 And he came up with this kind of technique
 where you use a little stick or a blade of grass
 and you flip up this little cap,
 which Anna was talking about called the Rustelum,
 and you flip it up and then with kind of a flip of the thumb,
 you move some of the male and female parts together
 and you smear them over each other
 and that's how you pollinate them.
 And that technique is still used today
 in Reunion for sure.
 And I think actually in Madagascar,
 I think all over they use this exact same thing.
 And then he was given his freedom,
 but he really struggled afterwards
 and ended up dying in poverty,
 especially as there was a French guy
 called Jean-Michel Claude Ricard
 who came over and said,
 "Oh, this was my idea. I came up with this."
 And he went back to Paris
 and he told everyone that he'd come up
 with this way of creating vanilla in Reunion.
 And everyone sort of faded him for being amazing
 but then the former owner of Edmund Delbyards
 came to Paris as well and said,
 "Mate, that's just not what happened.
 Like, it was this guy, Edmund Delbyards,
 who went round and teaching everyone else how to do it."
 And he's like a hero in Reunion
 and there's a statue of him quite near the airport
 and he's really famous.
 - What year was it? - It's a good lie to make up.
 - Yeah, but quite a Trumpian thing to do.
 - It is. - Just sort of wander into a country
 and be like, "I did that. That was me."
 - You know that thing which is like 4,000 miles away
 which no one can prove who did it?
 - That was me, yeah.
 (all laughing)
 - The longest cake ever made was vanilla flavoured.
 - What was it?
 - It was baked this year in South India in Kerala,
 state of Kerala and it was 10 centimetres wide
 but how long was it?
 - 10 centimetres wide is really thin.
 - That doesn't help you at all
 with knowing how long it is.
 - It kind of feels like it.
 - But can you tell us the air full area of the cake?
 - At the height, please.
 - Yeah, 2.4 kilometres.
 Very strong offer.
 - 20 kilometres.
 - 20 kilometres.
 - No, that's ridiculous.
 I'm 200 yards long.
 - Oh, shut up.
 And you said that it was in Kerala, not Kerala
 and down on Kerala.
 - How long was it? Come on.
 These interminable guessing games
 are completely destroying the experience of our guests.
 - It's true.
 It was six and a half kilometres.
 So James wins because he was close.
 It wasn't 20 kilometres down.
 - Where did they fit that?
 Because outdoors,
 you'd imagine you'd run into a lot of obstacles.
 It's very rare you get a six and a half kilometre run.
 - They did it in sections
 and it goes up and down a lot.
 It's a great deal.
 - Hang on. So it's not one?
 - It's not one single cake that's 6,000 metres.
 - You can't call that the longest cake.
 - That's not the longest cake.
 - The longest cake.
 - The longest cake is every cake
 that's been made on bake-up in the last 10 years.
 They may not have to be collected.
 - I'm so confused about what's happened here.
 - You can clearly see in the photos of the cake
 that there are sections which slot into place,
 but I think they're joined.
 They are all joined together.
 It's like a big cake snake.
 It weighed 27,000 kilos.
 And as I say, it was vanilla-favourite.
 Hence me, Metronica.
 - So one of the best books about vanilla,
 I would say the best book,
 is called "Travels in Search of the Vanilla Orchid" by Tim.
 - Sorry, James. Are you claiming to have read
 all the books about vanilla?
 Because it sounds a bit like you are.
 And then you've ranked them all.
 - It's a small field.
 It's a very small field.
 - And they're actually all,
 if you press them up against each other,
 they just make one long book.
 - It's just one month.
 - Tim Eckhart, who Andy and I at least know,
 he wrote the book about vanilla.
 And it is awesome.
 There's lots of stuff about the history of vanilla in there.
 When it came to Europe,
 one of the reasons this guy was showing off about it
 is because it was an absolute amazing thing.
 So Louis the 15th would have soup made of vanilla.
 Francisco Hernandez,
 who was a physician to Philip II of Spain,
 he said that vanilla could soothe the stomach,
 cure the bite of a venomous snake,
 reduce flatulence and cause the urine to flow admirably.
 - So if you've just, if you've got a bad stomach
 and you've just farted really loudly,
 attracting the attention of a snake,
 which has then bitten you and you need a piss.
 - No, and your friend has been stung by a jellyfish.
 So you need to urinate on them.
 - Just one?
 - One vanilla part will do that.
 - Just one weird trick, yeah.
 - Also, according to Bizarre Zimmerman,
 who's a German physician from the 18th century,
 he says that vanilla cured no fewer than 342 impotent men.
 So they drank vanilla and it made them able to have sex again.
 So if you were, if you'd farted really loudly
 because of your bad stomach and a snake came along,
 and a very beautiful person of the sex that you're attracted to
 has been stung by a jellyfish, after you've urinated on them,
 and they're so grateful you can then have sex with them.
 - I'm so impressed by the admirable flow of your urine.
 - This is a Bear Grylls episode, I'd love to see.
 - Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is James.
 - Okay, my fact this week is that Russian football team,
 FC Sakhalin, are based in such a remote town
 that to get to their closest away game,
 they have to travel one-sixth of the circumference of the earth.
 - That's just amazing.
 - It's incredible, isn't it?
 Oh my days, like, this is incredible.
 So this is a team based in the town of Yuzhno Sakhalinsk,
 which is in the far, far, far east of Russia,
 and they're in the third division of Russian football,
 and the way that the third division works in Russia
 is it's such a big country,
 they want all the teams to be kind of close together
 because otherwise you have to spend so much money traveling.
 So they put all the teams that are next to each other
 playing each other,
 but unfortunately there's no one else around this town
 of Yuzhno Sakhalinsk,
 and so they've been put in with all the teams around the Black Sea
 and around Dagestan and stuff like that.
 And so when they play Krasnodar,
 which is one of the teams in their league,
 they have to, if they want to fly,
 it would be at least 16 hours,
 just over 16 hours to get to this game.
 You could drive, but it's a 132 hour drive,
 a total of 9781 kilometers
 because you have to go a slightly weird way around.
 And I looked at it on Google Maps and it says,
 "Warning, this route includes a ferry.
 This route has tolls.
 This route has restricted usage or includes private roads.
 Your destination is in a different time zone."
 So it's not an easy place to get to.
 So I'm suspecting stuff like this bit is guarded by a wizard.
 This bit is.
 At the time of writing,
 they haven't won any away games this season so far.
 They've won quite a few home games,
 but they've not won any away games.
 But they did have a few good seasons a while ago.
 They won the league a couple of times in the last few years,
 but they refused to get promoted
 because if they get promoted,
 they're going to have to start playing lots of teams
 in different parts of Russia,
 and then they won't be able to do this thing,
 which they do, which is they go over
 and they play loads of games at once,
 and then they come back.
 So they don't go every week, if you know what I mean.
 That is clever.
 Yeah.
 Is the time difference between them and their nearest team
 is eight hours?
 It's so weird.
 Well, the thing is, it's not their nearest team.
 So if they played in the Japanese J League, for instance,
 they're actually quite close to Hokkaido.
 So let's say all the planes stopped,
 and they had to play either against someone like Krasnodar
 or someone around there or against Hokkaido.
 It would take them two days quicker to get to Hokkaido
 than it would take them to get to that part of Russia.
 And that's if they were to walk to Hokkaido
 and get a cart of Russia.
 That's how much closer it is.
 Like they could walk to the ferry,
 get the ferry and walk to the football match
 two days quicker than driving all the way across Russia.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And we could, if they were doing that distance
 and we had to do the equivalent,
 we could drive to Moscow back again to London,
 back to Moscow, back again to London,
 and probably one more route before they even got there.
 It's what a distance.
 They're closer to the Seattle football team
 in the American League
 than they are to their nearest Russian rivals.
 It's insane.
 So there's not a lot of sort of
 neighbourly antagonism is what you're saying.
 It's not like Man United, Man City,
 where you shag the wife of someone
 who's now married the person across the street.
 Exactly.
 It's not like Liverpool, Everton,
 where you literally cross one park to get to the other ground.
 It's like, yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's incredible.
 It's more like there are fault lines left over
 from the Russo-Japanese War of 1905,
 which is diplomatically tricky.
 Wasn't James, wasn't there a bizarre thing
 that happened with one of the British teams,
 or two British teams,
 that got to the final of some cup?
 And they had to, it was Arsenal and someone, right?
 They had to fly.
 I think it was Chelsea against someone.
 Chelsea Spurs or Chelsea Arsenal or something.
 But yeah, then the final was in Baku, I think,
 in Azerbaijan.
 And they had to,
 they both had to go all the way over there for it.
 That was in the UEFA Cup, possibly.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I didn't realise that this,
 so this place is basically in the islands of Japan,
 isn't it?
 Pretty much, yeah.
 I actually didn't realise that Russia claimed a portion
 of what I would have,
 if I'd looked at a blank map,
 assumed towards Japan.
 And I think, no, sorry, Putin,
 really hope you don't listen to this, his show.
 And I think, isn't the south half of the island
 is Japanese, isn't it?
 He turned off when we started making jokes
 about short people, I think.
 Oh yeah.
 There were other podcasts.
 Yeah, exactly, that's it.
 It's basically a part of,
 well, it's right on the border of Russia and Chepovo.
 Geologically, I guess, it looks Japanese,
 but it's a very disputed territory.
 And there are still some islands,
 the Kuril Islands, which are disputed.
 But this is Russian sort of,
 is Russian and is Russian a benested?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I don't know why anyone plays football in Russia.
 It sounds like an enormous hassle for so many teams.
 It's just, it's too big.
 Even if you're playing for Vladivostok,
 which at least is attached to it by land,
 it's still, I think, 10,000 kilometers east of St. Petersburg.
 So a week's train journey.
 And I think there was quite a nice story in 2006
 where three fans of Zenit St. Petersburg,
 which is a football team there,
 they drove to Vladivostok,
 because Peter was playing an away game there.
 So they drove the whole week and a half there.
 Once they got there, their car broke down.
 But to reward their loyalty,
 their team gave them a new car.
 Wow.
 Oh, that's cool.
 Nice.
 Of course, the reason that people play football in Russia
 is because the Soviets like to force people to play football
 back in the day.
 Cool.
 Actually, it was quite thought of as a bourgeois sport originally,
 because it was brought over by Scottish people in particular.
 And the first person who brought it over there
 was a guy called MacPherson,
 who was arrested after the revolution,
 because they saw football as being a bourgeois European thing,
 and they shouldn't be doing it in Russia.
 But the first ever football match in Russia was in 1893,
 and they squeezed it in between two tug-of-war competitions.
 So there was a big tug-of-war thing happening,
 and they were like,
 "Well, what shall we do in the middle,
 because we're just sorting out our rope or something?"
 And they're like, "Oh, let's have a game of football."
 So funny.
 They cleared all the seven arms off the pitch
 before they got the footballers on.
 Oh, dear.
 But yeah, handball,
 and it's just the ball rolling over someone's hand.
 (LAUGHTER)
 And then the most famous team in Russia is Spartak, Moscow,
 and they came along.
 When the Soviets were controlling everything,
 they were the team of the people,
 and there was a load of brothers called the Starristan Brothers,
 who started Spartak.
 And then, very mysteriously,
 they got sent to the Gulag about three or four years later,
 because they started a, you know, people's football team.
 But they were so popular
 that when they got to Siberia,
 they guarded Siberia and knew about them,
 and so let them kind of practice their football.
 And eventually, Stalin's son Vasily was so into football
 that they brought Nikolai Starristan back from the Gulag
 so that he could live with Vasily Stalin,
 and he would just live in his house
 because he was such a big fan of this footballer.
 That's so awkward.
 I know.
 Imagine if Lionel Messi just moved in with you or something.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Even if you thought he was a great footballer,
 I still think that would be awkward around the dinner table.
 I think it would.
 Pass me the salt,
 and he doesn't have a head kick to you or something.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Stalin was, just speaking of Stalin,
 was exiled to Siberia six times
 between 1900 and 1913 and escaped five times.
 Well, speaking of people who escape a lot
 and the passing of someone quite famous,
 Diego Maradona,
 who passed away recently, very sadly,
 he used to,
 didn't he go and used to play football
 at the request of Pablo Escobar
 while he was in prison?
 Just him and Pablo.
 Just, yeah, well, I'm sure there were teams
 that were put together.
 But he had, at this particular point,
 I think it was in 1991, Escobar was in quite a luxurious prison.
 He kind of ran the prisons, didn't he, to begin with?
 Of course, Escobar and Maradona had quite a lot in common.
 They had some shared hobbies, didn't they?
 Yes, they did.
 (LAUGHTER)
 Today?
 Maradona was once sent home for the World Cup for taking cocaine.
 I just cottoned on, as you guys said.
 You thought maybe he also collected dojos
 or whatever it was that Escobar had in his house.
 Shall we talk about Siberia for a while?
 Yeah, sure.
 So, I was saying before about people being sent to Siberia,
 in 1591, this is the earliest example
 of anyone being sent to Siberia,
 and it's not anyone.
 This was a bell in Russia,
 which was found guilty of sedition
 and flogged and exiled to Siberia.
 And that was because the bell had been rung
 to celebrate the assassination of Dimitri's son Ivan the Terrible.
 And so, the son had died,
 and the locals were happy about it,
 and so they rang a bell,
 and then they put the bell in court
 and sent it off to Siberia.
 Was it because they couldn't identify any of the bell ringers?
 So, was it a way of letting the bell ringers off the hook?
 It could have been that.
 That is the epitome of a workman blaming their tools,
 really, where that came from.
 It's not really the bell's fault, is it?
 It doesn't feel like it.
 It doesn't even know it's about.
 It also feels like flogging a bell
 is going to cause it to ring again,
 and then you'll have to flog a bell.
 This is never-ending cycle.
 Have you heard of Magadan,
 which is a very remote city,
 kind of two days north of the nearest train tracks and things like that?
 Just a very, very remote city in Siberia.
 They have a mayoral position,
 and they're having a nightmare filling out at the moment.
 There have been zero applications
 for the job of actual mayor of the city,
 and there are 92,000 people in Magadan.
 It's not a small place.
 They've extended the deadline to mid-December,
 so depending on when this goes out,
 you might still be in time.
 What happened to the previous mayor?
 If the seven last mayors all died in suspicious circumstances or something.
 It's a lot of people say
 that you won't be able to change things properly,
 and there's a fair bit of graft and corruption,
 and it's probably a pretty thankless job.
 But when the story broke for the first time,
 there have been no applications.
 The boss of a funeral firm from Tomsk, 4,000 miles away,
 said he would apply,
 and he said, "Of course, I don't know much about the city,
 and it would be better if I had lived there a while,
 but I've never had the chance."
 So he said he's going to apply it.
 His main policy is to build a crematorium.
 Okay, well, that sounds like he's just going to be
 greasing the palms of his crematorium friends, doesn't it?
 We've never actually talked about the amazing Lukov family,
 but if you're talking about the Siberian wilderness,
 they're kind of the epitome of it.
 So this is a family who basically fled the Bolsheviks
 and in the 1920s, 1930s, family of four, I think at the time,
 went into Siberia and just lived without ever seeing
 another human soul until the 1980s.
 And it is insane, their lifestyle.
 They didn't bring much stuff,
 so when their clothes started to fall apart,
 they had to grow hemp from seed
 in order to make new clothes out of that.
 They wrote by dipping sharp birch sticks
 into honey supple juice and writing,
 but they raised this family
 and there's one surviving member, Agafia Lukov,
 and she is now in her 80s,
 but she lives completely by herself in the middle of the tiger,
 middle of nowhere, 150 miles from the nearest town,
 1,000 meters high on this mountainside.
 And she wasn't discovered until the 80s
 when these geologists were flying over in a helicopter
 and saw their tiny little hut that they were living in.
 And they said they were kind of famous in Russia, weren't they?
 In the 80s for a while.
 When they were found in the 80s, they said to them,
 "Oh, you guys probably don't know
 that the Second World War has finished,"
 and they went, "What's the Second World War?"
 They'd went before then, that was in the 30s,
 I think, or the 20s when they went, like, kind of sense.
 But yeah, when they were found,
 they were kind of taken around the country
 as almost like a kind of a sideshow almost, I suppose,
 which is like, look at these amazing people
 that have been living in Siberia.
 And Agafia Lukvo kind of was...
 They said in one article I read that she saw aeroplanes,
 horses, cars, and money for the first time,
 but then basically said,
 "I ain't having any of this shit.
 I want to go back to where I live,"
 because she says that whenever she leaves the town,
 she always gets really bad asthma or, you know,
 it's bad for her skin.
 She just doesn't like, she doesn't like the noise
 and all that kind of stuff.
 So she's just kind of happy where she is now.
 And every now and then they bring her, like, food,
 I think, like, once a year, they bring her things and people.
 People knit them socks and stuff, don't they?
 And knit them things, I think.
 Yeah.
 Just earlier, when I said about the football team
 going back on the route passing a wizard,
 I mean, this is it.
 Yeah, almost, yeah, yeah.
 This is her.
 It was really sad, actually, when they were discovered,
 I think there were five of them.
 And then in the 80s, they all suddenly died
 and left her on her own.
 But the thing that most amazed the dad,
 he was told everything.
 They were told about the moon landings.
 They were shown a television,
 which they became kind of addicted to
 and then thought it was the devil,
 so repented of it immediately.
 They were told about the moon landings
 and refused to believe they happened,
 which is fair enough.
 The thing that most amazed the dad was cellophane.
 He saw this thing, which he was like,
 it's like glass, but it crumples.
 They couldn't believe it.
 Yeah, and they didn't know what plastic bags were as well.
 I remember reading, that was a new thing for them.
 I believe Mick Jagger was flown in
 to top his numbers up.
 And they were like, yeah, of course, we know who this guy is.
 But then the big problem now is,
 they do go in there every now and then
 and drop her some supplies.
 And especially, like I said, people knit them socks
 and knit them clothes and stuff.
 But of course, with coronavirus,
 you just do not want to be going into an area
 with a very elderly lady who's not really had
 any human contact for decades and decades and decades.
 And so that's a real issue with them at the moment.
 You know what they should do?
 They should set her up on a date with,
 do you remember that Brazilian guy,
 the man of the whole, the most isolated man in the world?
 They should get those two.
 That would be a very charming rom-com.
 We own the copyright, Mr. Spielberg,
 just to say, because we mentioned it on here.
 So we'll take 10% of it.
 That's correct how that works.
 Just one last bit of data before we go.
 Okay, yeah.
 In the breaks between facts, I texted Anne and Alex
 to see if either of them had seen Mick Jagger live.
 Yeah, go on.
 Anne said, "No, I have not."
 Okay.
 And Alex said, "No, I don't really know who he is."
 So James, if you want someone to talk to about this random guy.
 Me and Alex are like the man of the whole
 and the, you know, lady in Siberia.
 Yeah.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we have said
 over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Sribeland, Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 James.
 @JamesHarkin.
 And Anna.
 You can email a podcast at qi.com.
 Yep.
 Well, you can go to our group account at no such thing
 or go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We've got all of our previous episodes up there.
 We have links to bits of merchandise.
 And we also have a few live shows coming up.
 So do check in there occasionally to see where to get tickets from.
 Okay, that's it.
 We will be back again next week with another episode.
 We will see you then.
 Okay, a good bye.
