 Hey, Clubfish members! Dan here. Welcome to your bonus bit of content for this week.
 We've got a compilation for you. But before I get into that, I want to quickly announce
 a very exciting thing. We're putting on a last minute live show in London on the 12th
 of August at 7pm. So that's this coming Monday. It's going to be at the Underbelly Boulevard,
 which is in Soho. It's an amazing venue. We're going to be recording a live episode and we're
 going to be testing out a lot of fun, silly things. This is a show that is a warm-up in
 lead-up to our tour. We've come up with a bunch of ideas. We're going to be doing them
 throughout the night. It's going to be fun as hell. It's going to be silly as shit. It's
 going to be wonderful. So if you want to come along, do get yourself a ticket. It's not
 the biggest of venues, so tickets will fly out quick. You can do that by heading to the
 Underbelly Boulevard website, underbellyboulvard.com, and you can get your tickets there. The show
 starts at 7pm, Monday, August 12th. Okay, let's get into this compilation. You're
 going to hear a few voices that aren't the regular fishes in here. These are the outtakes
 that were grabbed from the full-episode recordings and you'll be hearing from two amazing guests.
 We have Marine biologist Helen Scales and then BBC Radio's film critic Ali Plumb. It's
 a great app, so let's get on with it. On with the compilation.
 I think Ali Plumb can sleep well at night. No, I think I've seen the trailer, but I'm
 interested in it because it's George Miller who made Mad Max, you know. Of course it is,
 but I'm just thinking about the similar themes because it's an extreme environment. Yeah,
 end of the world is nigh. Are there any flamethrowers in Happy Feet? Again, I don't know, but you've
 got a penguin who can't sing, but he can dance. And in Mad Max, you've got a road warrior
 who is not mentally very well, but he is very good at road war. Is this what you're
 talking about? This is why you've raised us, is to do the comparison between Happy Feet,
 which you haven't seen, and Mad Max, which you have. Yeah. I feel like I've seen Mad
 Max so many times that it sort of makes up for never seeing Happy Feet. You need to find
 the person who's seen Happy Feet and not Mad Max, and then you guys can get together
 and have a good old chat. Can I throw one more thing in about penguins? We can always just
 cut this bit out, but I just really love this fact, is how they evolved. So about 20 million
 years ago, penguins, as we know them, there were some ones before that, which were really
 big and we'll just leave them to one side for now. But penguins, we know of them, started
 about 20 million years ago on islands near New Zealand. And basically, there's like this
 big strong current that spins around Antarctica, which is one of the reasons why it's really
 cold, because it just goes round and round and then the warm water from everywhere else
 doesn't get into Antarctica. The southern ocean just gets colder and colder. And basically,
 penguins rode that current around the continent and evolved into different species as they
 evolved. So they went from the islands, they came down to Antarctica. The first ones to
 evolve were the big ones, the emperor penguins and the king penguins, which are the big,
 tall ones. They kind of became more and more adapted to these cold conditions as they went
 and evolved into other things, like cadaloupe penguins and chinstrap. Then a bit more recently,
 like about 11 million years ago, this current strengthened. And can you guess what happened
 next? So basically, the penguins then just pinged off to other parts of the ocean, riding
 this stronger current and went off to South America, went off to South Africa and to all
 the other places where you see them now. So they started Antarctica, evolved there, spun
 around the continent on this current and then basically like did a sort of slingshot, we
 think off to the other bits.
 Because they're all southern hemisphere aren't they?
 They're all southern hemisphere. They don't go beyond the equator. So the Galapagos Islands
 is the furthest north and that's really because it's got that cold current anyway. And well,
 we could talk about where there were no penguins in the North Pole, but they just didn't really
 get there. And I think it didn't go far enough, but I just love this idea of them raiding the
 current and then coming all the way back around and going, my God, you've changed 100 million
 years ago. Jesus.
 No, so this is the thing. This was the thing that used to happen. It happened in Scotland
 and in the USA as well in the 19th century, you would just put your wedding presents on
 display. And it was a normal thing to go to the house and see what had been given.
 A little gallery. You were in a museum pretty much. Because it incentivises the gift givers
 to give you something good, which is nice.
 Yeah.
 The names on them. This is from Aunty Maudry.
 Thinking names are removed actually. When you go around, you can say, yeah, I actually
 gave them. I gave them that big one there and got that one tea spoon.
 It's like a secret santa.
 But sometimes they would include the bride's trousseau as part of the display.
 What's a trousseau?
 You know, happy things you don't want to.
 Well, undercrackers basically. Trousseau is a trousseau.
 Sounds a bit more substantial.
 It's rarely a song.
 No, it won't be undergarments. It will be silken.
 A picture of them being sort of petticoate sort of things.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah. Because they were high quality things that you would get given as part of a
 wedding, you know, almost similar to a dowry, I suppose.
 I think our grandparents' generation sort of did this as well. I'm sure that it was
 still about the 1940s or '50s, that it was sort of you'd have like a tea party where
 people would come and look at your wedding gifts. And I think you could put, if you got a check,
 you'd put the check on display. That's there. You'd cross out the name, like you say.
 But, you know. That'd be amazing.
 That's me. That's my 10 grand there.
 Then I think like these days you don't get those big novelty checks as much as you used to.
 I was thinking about that the other day actually.
 Yeah, I was. I was like, do we still have them? And could you still walk into a bank with a
 massive novelty check? Because these days they're like, we don't take checks, do they?
 No one takes checks.
 That's the saddest part of like the 21st century, I think.
 Yeah, I think we've lost.
 You have to go with your massive debit card.
 A massive Bitcoin.
 Think another huge machine for the bank.
 By the way, one last spoof name that I love, if you haven't seen this film, it's called
 Murder by Death. And it is a pastiche of all of your favourite detectives.
 It's got Nick and Nora. It's got every who done it basically.
 Poirot, Marple, Charlie Chan, the whole thing.
 But the name Murder by Death, I adore it.
 You must watch this movie. If you enjoy Knives Out and all of that stuff.
 It's a real gem. 1976.
 So it's good beyond the name.
 Correct.
 From this.
 Enough of a joke. Move on. Who needs cinema?
 I think the '70s was a very rich period for this kind of stuff.
 So I know the film Airplane, and I love it.
 It's a great spoof. Leslie Nielsen, who previously been a serious proper actor,
 but just had great gravitas and played it so straight that he was great in the spoof, Airplane.
 But Airplane is based on the series of films called Airport, which were insane.
 They were so insane.
 So they had to buy the rights, didn't they?
 For the original script, because they were so worried.
 The Zazz TV.
 Yeah, they did.
 This is Zucker Abrams Zucker.
 They were so worried that the script was so similar that they'd get sued.
 So they had to ask for the rights so that they could remake the movie.
 Well, I can understand, because they cast some of the same people.
 A cabin attendant is played by a cabin attendant.
 He's a play-fan actor.
 But just listen to Airport 1975. That was film two, right?
 There's a small plane flying. The pilot has a heart attack.
 His plane crashes into a Boeing 747 full of passengers making its way along.
 Nightmare.
 The flight engineer is killed. The first officer gets sucked out of the cabin.
 The pilot is alive, but blinded.
 Okay?
 Nobody can fly it.
 So then a helicopter is dispatched, so they have to get someone from the helicopter
 into the plane.
 Into the hole.
 Into the hole while the plane is flying.
 Right.
 These are just good plots.
 It's great.
 Fantastic.
 They're just like, there are seven basic plots.
 This is one of them.
 How can you parody that?
 It's too great.
 I know.
 But then the fourth one, Airport 79.
 Wow, they've made a lot of sequels.
 Nice.
 Kong.
 In that one, the fourth one.
 And that's what the airplane came from, basically.
 Kong called does a loop the loop.
 And yeah.
 And it was sure.
 When it was shown on TV, they had to bulk it up.
 So they just put in 21 minutes of extra footage so it could make a three-hour slot instead
 of a two-hour slot.
 They just shoved in random news footage and extra stuff.
 Can I do a quick thing on biggest things in Britain?
 Yeah, go for it.
 Do you know where the biggest telephone box is in the UK?
 In the UK.
 And you're probably thinking, how are their different sizes?
 Yeah.
 I thought they were standard.
 Is this going to be a novelty?
 It is noticeably, and yes, another tillily to coin a word.
 Isn't it well-pronounced?
 Isn't it?
 Oh, that's interesting.
 And it's a red classic.
 You'd go past it and go, oh, that's a big telephone box.
 Definitely.
 Would you go past it and go, that's effing cute.
 That's a skyscraper.
 Or you'd think, huh, that looks a bit off.
 I'd put it to you this way.
 It's in, I believe, the knowledge.
 Oh, I know what it will be.
 It's going to be a gravestone.
 It is not.
 Although there is a connection to gravestones because the mausoleum, there's a mausoleum
 for whom the telephone box was inspired by the cap of it.
 Okay.
 Is inspired, you know this, don't you, Anna?
 Yes, so it's the shape of it.
 I can't remember whose.
 I forget the name, but he's actually near Henry.
 Huge architect.
 Yes, but his house is just down the road from where we are right now.
 Oh, wow.
 Anyway, moving on.
 It's in Maida Vale, and it's built by this industrial designer.
 He's a genuine, like, incredibly influential person.
 His name is Philippe Stark.
 He's built so many different things.
 Buildings and bridges and all the rest of it.
 I've recently come back from Japan where they have lots of different manhole covers
 that have ornate drawings on them, whether it's Pikachu or it's Pokemon.
 Do you see them?
 They're everywhere.
 That's so cool.
 And they're so popular that they sell them.
 You've probably mentioned this already.
 But whilst I was there, I also noticed this building in the middle of Tokyo,
 which is in the shape of a beer.
 And it is the Asahi Brewery building, and he designed that.
 And it's gold, very nearly to the top, and then a white head.
 That is his thing.
 Fantastic.
 And you also have just the left of the building, depending of where you're obviously standing.
 There is another sort of sub-building where he has a golden flame.
 Unfortunately, Japan thinks the flame looks a bit like a poo,
 so it's called, in Japanese, the golden poo.
 Cool.
 So this guy designed that, but he also designed the double-decker telephone box,
 where he took two and put one on top of another, welded them together,
 and then made it look like a sort of 1930s-era Bakelite phone.
 It's there, it's a tourist attraction.
 What's two telephone boxes that look like a telephone?
 It's two telephone boxes that look like a giant upward telephone box.
 Cool.
 Can you climb up to the upper one?
 It's not so high.
 But it's sort of you stand next to it and you'd look short.
 If someone's using the one on the bottom level,
 do you have to climb over onto their shoulders to get to the top one?
 It's only double-decker in height.
 Inside, it just has the one phone.
 Oh, it's the phone at the top.
 Anna, you've got the job on Microsoft.
 You asked the right questions.
 You've double-checked the nonsense that was coming out of my mouth.
 But yes, it's in Mail of Ale.
 It's quite close to the tube station.
 If you're curious, I certainly was.
 I went to see it.
 It is very tall.
 Do you know what's so cool about that as well?
 He lives in Made of Ale,
 and he built something that's made of ale.
 Very cool.
 Very nice.
 Incredible nonsense.
 Thank you for indulging me.
 Here's a quiz question then as well.
 You're living in Oslo, and suddenly in your city,
 they are welding all of your manhole covers shut,
 or 400, at least, that you know of.
 That you know of.
 A well-welded shut.
 Most people can only name 400 or 500 manholes.
 So let's say 2010, something like that.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 Why?
 What's going on?
 Criminal activity.
 This is where I lose the job at Microsoft.
 Sue a crime.
 What's it?
 Trapping the mint.
 Trapping the mint.
 Trapping the mint.
 I've got it.
 The turtles.
 Yes.
 That's it.
 Beyond what that is.
 They're trapping them inside.
 Yes.
 Till they starve.
 Cut off the pizza supplies.
 That's it.
 The turtles will be ours in a week.
 There we go.
 That's why manhole covers around,
 because it's a shape of a pizza.
 You've got the job.
 Oh, my God.
 You guys are going to hate me.
 I haven't written down the answer.
 No, I'm joking.
 Of course.
 So the answer is, if you're in Oslo,
 around that period of time,
 because if you see that happening,
 it means the American president is coming to town,
 because when the president comes,
 and so this happened at presidential inaugurations,
 this happens when they do big public speeches,
 they seal up all the manholes.
 In case he falls in.
 In case there would be assassins,
 we'll leave a bomb underneath.
 Or maybe not underneath.
 That's embarrassing for a president.
 14 presidents have died falling into manholes.
 The president and the vice president,
 they're carrying that giant plane of glass
 across the...
 And that's a problem.
 It is.
 All the rakes have to be tidied up,
 the loose-around tab.
 Super long thanks being carried by one person.
 Not allowed in his vicinity.
 I just...
 Can I raise a hand here of skepticism?
 I'm writing the hand of skepticism,
 and I'm saying, I'd be astonished
 if every time the president came to visit London,
 which I know he hasn't done for a while,
 because he doesn't give a shit,
 but we sealed up, we welded up all the farm manholes,
 and then someone had to come unweld them
 as soon as he'd gone.
 So it's not everywhere they go.
 It's not like there's maintenance workers
 running ahead of the black limo of the beast.
 But it's for big events, that happens.
 They do do that.
 That's very cool.
 Yeah, that's great.
 I really want to tell a very boring fact now.
 Go, go.
 You know the difference between a typeface and a font, right?
 Oh, God, who doesn't?
 Who doesn't, obviously.
 Yeah.
 But I want to ask you guys as professional factors,
 are there facts which are so known
 that if someone tells them to you at a party,
 you're like, yeah, we know that one.
 We get it.
 That's basically you're in my relationship, Ally.
 I think it is.
 You keep telling me things.
 I tell you things to go, yes, I'm aware
 that there are apples and apple pies.
 Yes, very good, Ally, very good.
 But that, why ampersands are called ampersands?
 Is that like a universally known thing for you guys?
 I don't know.
 Tell us.
 Okay, here we go.
 The reason why an ampersand is called an ampersand
 is because it's actually a contraction of the phrase
 and, per se, and, right?
 So it is as quirky as that.
 It's a bit weird.
 So the original ampersand, which you know,
 the one you know well now is sort of a big loop
 and then it goes up and around and through.
 But it's actually sort of squishing together of ET.
 An et-bing and, in Latin.
 There it is.
 So the name is a corruption of and, per se, and,
 i.e. it's and, and by itself, it also means and.
 I know this looks and sounds weird,
 but it's from Scribes, writing in Latin.
 That's cool.
 And when you write it in an italic version,
 it sort of pushes them together
 and that's why it is called an ampersand.
 Right.
 I could have told that story better,
 but I promise you it's interesting.
 Are you trying to get your word count up?
 I'm Dr. Spetchenin, the king of spacemans.
 But speaking of space and also printing and also journalism,
 Futura is the font that's in space.
 Okay.
 So bear with me here.
 A typographer, I believe that's the right term,
 called Paul Renner created the font, the typeface.
 I know there's a difference.
 Called Futura in 1927 and it was used by NASA
 for when they put the plaque on the moon.
 That's great.
 And it's called Futura.
 That's so good, isn't it?
 Very cool.
 I didn't know that.
 And it's one of the most copied fonts typefaces.
 Everywhere.
 I'm sorry, what is the difference?
 I don't know the difference.
 Yeah.
 Okay, here we go.
 Turn left, have another day.
 A typeface is not a font.
 Each variation of a typeface, bold, italicized, underlined,
 is called a font.
 But the typeface itself is what you're sort of more or less
 referring to.
 Yes, right.
 So Helvetica is a typeface, but it's font, italicized,
 underlined, bold.
 But the trouble is is that in America, it's sort of interchangeable
 and it doesn't matter so much.
 And I think the prevalence of...
 Unlike here where if you use one rather than the other,
 you're out the window.
 You've lost your job at Amstrad.
 Sorry.
 Get out the window.
 No, it's just...
 Font is a set of type that is one particular face and size.
 That has...
 I have to say, I'm pretty sure Alex Brothers told me that
 1900 times and I've never remembered it when he has, so...
 I forgot it just as I said it.
 Yeah, so typeface is the original and then the variations of fonts.
 Correct.
 That's great.
 That's great.
 For Turo, every font must have a little story like that.
 I didn't know that Times New Roman was invented for the
 Times newspaper in the UK.
 Like, that's specifically for them.
 That's pretty cool.
 Helvetica, Switzerland, the old word for Switzerland,
 that's why it's called that.
 There's also a documentary on the typeface of Helvetica,
 called Helvetica, I highly recommend it.
 And you were saying my sewage tracks were boring.
 I know.
 They are so unfair.
 But yeah, I know what you mean about this spider not being
 a qualified vampire because of size.
 I think that jumping spiders, of which this is the type,
 are just cheating quite a lot because you always see photos
 of them and they are quite beautiful looking.
 And there's like a peacock one, which is particularly nice.
 And you always forget in photos, they're heavily zoomed.
 So I actually just want everyone to remember when you see
 a picture of a jumping spider that looks great,
 they're all only a millimeter or two, aren't they?
 So what?
 They're still lovely.
 It doesn't count.
 It doesn't count.
 But they are amazing.
 Something we haven't mentioned about jumping spiders before
 is that they have REM sleep.
 And I just like the way that they learn this.
 So when they are newborns for the first 10 days,
 they don't have any pigment on their exoskeleton,
 which means you can see straight through them.
 And also they've got huge eyes.
 So the way they tested this to find out if they have REM sleep
 is they got baby spiders.
 So you can see through their heads into their eyeballs,
 which are massive.
 And then they just watch their eyeballs.
 And there was a scientist, Daniela Rusler,
 who held up a magnifying glass and got a night vision camera,
 watch the spiders sleeping.
 And you could literally see the spinnerettes,
 which are the organs that make silk,
 going insane suddenly with their eyes vibrating at the same time,
 showing their sort of practicing for making webs.
 Amazing.
 So they're dreaming, basically.
 They're dreaming.
 And sometimes they would suddenly, all of their limbs would
 flail out as if they're going, oh my god.
 Wow.
 Yeah, it's definitely like a dog sleeping.
 They do.
 Yeah.
 So they do have dream.
 It's possibly my favorite fact that I've certainly said on this
 show in the 10 years, which is that octopuses,
 we don't know if they have REM sleep,
 but there's one example where it might have shown that they are dreaming,
 because you only dream once you're in REM sleep, right?
 Is that they were observing an octopus,
 and it suddenly camouflage changed to something else
 while it was sleeping and then back again,
 as if it was scared by whatever it needed to hide from in a nightmare.
 Yeah.
 Isn't that awesome?
 But we don't know.
 We just don't know yet if that was a random thing
 or if that was a dream.
 I love that your favorite fact is we don't know.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Those are always my favorite.
 Here, Dan.
 By the way, I love that the--
 If I was writing a script of this spider, right?
 Mm-hmm.
 I'd sort of say it's creepy enough.
 You've got the creep factor.
 We're already scared.
 We don't need to see through stuff.
 Come on.
 And then the flailing legs.
 The REM, like, it's sort of a town hat, you know?
 Yeah.
 We're already freaked out by it.
 Imagine if you could see into your baby.
 No.
 Your baby when it was born.
 Seeing into your baby.
 It's cool.
 It looks just like your father.
 Because they've--
 Because they're behind the baby.
 He's got your mother's liver.
 Hey, here's a surprising thing.
 The three of us, me, Andy and James,
 we're in Belgium recently.
 I didn't realize.
 You know, every time we go to Belgium, there's things like,
 "Oh, a monk beer," and all this stuff that they're so proud of.
 Not the single person has said,
 "Hey, welcome to the homeland of billiard balls,"
 to where 80% of all billiard balls that are used by professionals
 are manufactured.
 They are the great makers of billiard balls.
 And they had the world champion sneaker player last year.
 Did they?
 Yeah, Luca Bracel.
 Well, when you've got that many balls to play with,
 it's cheating.
 It is cheating.
 Yeah.
 Hands never out of his pockets.
 That's amazing.
 They don't know how to sell themselves is what you're saying.
 They're always wanging on about their chocolate and their beer,
 but focus on the billiard balls.
 That is amazing.
 You've got Tin Tin at the station.
 I didn't see a single billiard ball
 when I was getting on the Eurostar.
 Crazy.
 You know that huge atomium that they have in Brussels?
 They claim that that's an atom, but actually it's billiard balls.
 That's a billiard ball.
 Oh, my God.
 Well, the world centre of cue making is Paris,
 which is a man called John Paris who lives in south London.
 Very nice.
 He lives in Forest Hill.
 And there are queues outside the shop every day.
 Brilliant.
 Brilliant.
 Before he brings them in to salvage them.
 About half of professionals have had queues made by him.
 Really?
 In his workshop.
 He's a vander.
 He is.
 Actually.
 The Harry Potter wizard wand merchant seller.
 That's it.
 Yes, because you have very specific queue desires, don't you?
 If you're a professional, make a player.
 Are you allowed to make a really, really long queue?
 There are probably rules on there.
 There's probably restrictions.
 I think you are, but it's not useful.
 Because you can't make a really, really long arm.
 Yeah.
 But it would be cool if you could stay in your...
 If you could win from your dressing room.
 Because a billiards table is so big, quite often you can't really reach the ball.
 So you can make extensions on your queue to make it longer and longer and longer.
 But to be the most efficient snookering technique, you really want one about the same size as your arm.
 That would be good though.
 There's one mysterious snooker player that no one's ever seen.
 But it's his term of stick.
 Slowly comes Mr. Tickle.
 Blacksmithing, obviously the original metal shaping, was often dog powered.
 And this is until the 20th century.
 I found a picture from the 1930s.
 A video from the 1930s with the dog powered one.
 So I imagine a blacksmith gets a piece of metal, puts it in the fire till it's really hot,
 puts it on his anvil and hits it with a hammer.
 But I don't see where the dog could come in there.
 Yes, it's in that first bit.
 So the fire needs to stay hot.
 So you've got those bellows that keep the fire super hot.
 And you would often employ a little boy, because you had to pay them less to operate the bellows.
 Or they would have a wheel in the corner with a dog, a very obedient dog, just running around around the wheel.
 And that wheel would be connected to a series of pulleys that operated the bellows.
 It's bellows.
 Yeah, I know.
 It always seemed to be a bit of a novelty.
 And he mentioned of it in history is, oh, there's a clever blacksmith in, you know, British Columbia who's got a dog operating the wheel.
 I feel like that used to be a dog job back in the day for multiple different things.
 Yes.
 Turned bent dogs.
 Exactly, yeah.
 Which we should say is where you turn meat using a dog.
 Yeah, the rotisserie chicken is turned via...
 They still use that in Tescos, don't they?
 Yeah.
 Amazing, the RSPCA hasn't gone on to them yet.
 They like it.
 If you heat up metal really, really, really, really high.
 As high as you can possibly imagine.
 Yeah.
 It acts almost exactly the same as how mayonnaise acts at quite low temperatures.
 You can spread it on toast.
 It's the way that it kind of flows, the way that you would, like if it's really cold mayonnaise, you won't be able to spread it.
 Do you mean at normal temperature mayonnaise?
 Cold temperature mayonnaise, but not freezing, but just ultra cold.
 Okay.
 Yeah, so those two things are basically identical for physicists.
 Which means that if you're ever trying something out and you need to work out what the metal's going to do at high temperatures,
 like for fusion reactions or whatever, you can use mayonnaise instead.
 Oh, really?
 It can just cool down some helmets a little bit.
 And it'll give you exactly the same conditions as a molten metal.
 That's crazy.
 Wouldn't the molten, oh so the molten metal, so it has melted at this point.
 So imagine you've kind of melted your metal.
 It's kind of rolling down like maybe lava or something down a slope.
 And you want to know what's exactly is going to happen.
 You can just cool down some mayonnaise till just before it's going to freeze and pour the mayonnaise.
 Hellman's is almost the perfect name for molten lava.
 Hellman.
 And do they do this?
 Is it like you'll get physicists who buy up 20 jars of mayonnaise for the next experiment?
 Yes, there is a group of physicists who are doing that right now.
 Cool.
 During lockdown, that's why we were all in the toilet paper section,
 but physicists were just clawing through the mayonnaise area.
 Wow, that's very cool.
 That is incredible.
 Did you see about moss in space as an actual moss in space?
 No, this is like ISS stuff.
 It was, was it at the ISS?
 Oh gosh, no.
 So this was on the Space Shuttle Columbia missions.
 And they grew moss on those missions.
 And they found really interestingly that it grew in a spiral.
 Because what you would think is, OK, if moss grows in a direction due to gravity,
 then that's one thing.
 And when you go in space where there's no gravity,
 it'll just go in random filaments and random orders and you wouldn't know why.
 But actually it goes into spirals and we don't know why.
 Interesting.
 Cool.
 Because it's pretty, you know?
 Moss has got a sense of the aesthetic, hasn't it?
 Something fractal, probably something fractal.
 Alright, dude, have another toke.
 Here's a cool thing.
 This is amazing.
 Right, so every second, the Sun gets four billion kilos lighter
 because it's eaten up that much matter.
 How interesting.
 It eats stuff and gets lighter.
 If only we could crack this.
 Oh, weird.
 I've been staring at this thing for three days now.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But despite that, four billion kilos every second, that's so much.
 That's a lot.
 It's a big diet.
 It's a big thing, isn't it?
 That's it.
 In its lifetime, it's converted 100 Earth's worth of mass into energy.
 OK.
 But that is just three thousandths of its total mass that it's used up so far.
 So it is going to last a very, very, very, very long time.
 Even longer than that heavy press machine.
 Right, exactly.
 But I found this amazing calculation on a physics website.
 OK, so if we captured-- have you heard of a Dyson sphere, right?
 Yep.
 It's where you basically harvest all the energy of a star.
 You basically put a load of solar panels all the way around the Sun.
 Yeah, you wrap them.
 And so like literally no light can escape from it.
 So you're getting perfect, almost perfect amount of light.
 Exactly.
 So you can use that energy for something.
 Yeah.
 And so it's proposed by Freeman J. Dyson.
 And he said we should be looking for these things.
 Not we should be building one, but we should look for one,
 because that'll probably be evidence of an alien civilization.
 Yeah, they reckon that eventually, if you're advanced enough,
 you will build one of these.
 Right.
 Eventually we will, and eventually some other people must have done.
 Sorry, such a cool idea.
 So OK, here's the question.
 If we captured all of our Sun's energy for just one second,
 Yeah.
 how long would we be able to power human civilization for, right?
 OK.
 Oh, OK.
 What's the total usage of electricity and energy?
 So we do use a lot of energy on Earth, I've read.
 Sure.
 Like for Bitcoin mining and stuff.
 Yeah.
 There are a lot of solar panels now as well.
 Yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 And that is only a tiny, tiny, tiny, tiny proportion of Earth
 even now that is covered inside the panels, right?
 So how long, sorry, say the question one more time.
 So it's all of the Sun's energy in total for one second.
 Yeah.
 How long could we power human civilization?
 Roughly the current rate of usage.
 150,000 years.
 Oh, wow.
 Wow, sis.
 I was going to give more like 3,000 years.
 Yeah, I was going for like since the birth of Jesus, so 2,000 years.
 OK.
 150,000 feels like it might be ruining Andy's fact.
 You've done the old overshoot the fact and now...
 Sorry, three months, Andy.
 Don't invite me to a party.
 This is based on world energy consumption in 2018.
 And it assumes that you only capture it at 20% efficiency.
 So solar panels these days can do kind of 25-ish.
 I mean, good solar panels, right?
 If you, even if you only got it at 20% efficiency,
 if you got all of the Sun's energy for one second,
 you could power Earth for 953,000 years.
 Oh, undershot it, then.
 Yeah, apologies.
 It's Anna, even before you say it.
 It's unbelievable how much free energy
 just comes from the Sun.
 That is amazing.
 But I was doing your favor there by making Dan's guests sound huge,
 so yours would sound even huge.
 Thank you.
 Wow, thank you.
 Yeah, three months.
 Idiot.
 (LAUGHTER)
 In India, you were mentioning at the beginning, Andy,
 that, you know, who has different handwriting these days
 in the way that James is mentioning, and doctors was one of them.
 And in India, there was a thing that became official in 2012,
 which is that handwriting had to become legible from doctors
 and either had to be written in block letters
 or just had to be really clear,
 because they were finding that there were so many deaths
 or quite ill people off the back of handwriting
 being misunderstood when the pharmacist
 is giving out the prescription.
 And there were so many drugs that are just one letter different
 that might have the counter effect that you want
 for what you actually prescribed.
 And so, yeah, and so they've actually passed that.
 And so doctors have had to change this weird,
 crazy, unreadable...
 It was like hypertension or hypotension.
 Oh, yeah.
 That's a good one.
 If you get one or the other, you're buggered, aren't you?
 Yeah, exactly.
 And there are cases, although you do read some wild claims online
 about sort of, you know, 20 million deaths a day,
 of course, by doctors' handwriting, but it is quite valid.
 I read 7,000, but yeah, 20 million.
 Yeah, I think.
 It's actually 27 and 20 million, yeah.
 I don't think it's even that much, but...
 The problem was that the study was written by...
 That's how it is said.
 I think it is true that it uses up so much time.
 So there was an estimate by the Institute
 for safe medication practices that in decipherable prescriptions,
 largely because of bad handwriting,
 result in 150 million calls in America alone...
 What?
 ...from pharmacists to doctors a year,
 which is that's the amount of time that's being used up on...
 That's stunning.
 Isn't that incredible?
 So that's, you know, many, many millions of dollars wasted.
 That is a case of just typing it out.
 Yeah, and I think we're getting more closer and closer to everyone
 just putting stuff.
 It's a nice rom-com as well, you know,
 a pharmacist having to call the same doctor each time
 to sort of chat, "Which did you mean?"
 And then he falls in love with her,
 so he's purposefully giving the wrong spelling on stuff.
 Was this Viagra or Viagra?
 All right, there we go.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that were said over the course of these clips,
 you can get us on our social media accounts.
 You can get us generally at podcast@qi.com
 if you want to send an email in.
 Maybe that email will be read out on a future Drop Us a Line.
 So do send them in.
 And also, remember what I said at the top of the show,
 we are doing a really fun, silly live night.
 It's going to be a fish recording, a full episode,
 with lots of new bits chucked in between
 for us to test out ahead of our Thunder Nerds tour.
 If you want to come and see us do that,
 it's going to be at the Underbelly Boulevard Soho London,
 7pm on Monday, the 12th of August.
 Tickets are available now,
 and we can't wait to get on stage
 and test out all of these ideas we've been having.
 So you'll see a lot of stuff that won't make it into the final tour,
 or even if you're coming into the tour,
 you'll see something right at the start
 that will have evolved into something very different by the end.
 It will be a really fun night, so yeah, get your tickets now.
 Otherwise, come back in a couple of weeks.
 We're going to have another Drop Us a Line, more compilations.
 We will see you then. Goodbye.
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
