 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Yeah.
 Which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 And it's not such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it, right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode.
 And no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast.
 Coming to you this week from the Aces and Aids Bar in Top No Park.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anichesinski, James Harkin.
 And Annie Murray, this is our Christmas special.
 And once again, we gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts in the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 We begin with my fact.
 My fact this week is that before going on stage to read a Christmas carol,
 Charles Dickens had a warm up routine of drinking a pint of champagne.
 In the morning when he woke up, he had two tablespoons of rum.
 He would have the pint of champagne at lunch.
 And then just before he went on stage, he would have cherry,
 which he would mix raw egg into.
 Wow.
 The interesting thing is that you would think,
 okay, Charles Dickens, he probably did one or two readings of a Christmas carol.
 If you look into his biography, you could almost claim that he was as much a performer as a rider.
 He spent years as a performer.
 He would go on massive tours.
 He was like Michael McIntyre.
 He was like, properly always on tour.
 One of his stars in America got him $2.3 million.
 That's how much.
 In today's money.
 Oh, in today's money.
 Oh.
 But so.
 Another thing he used to do at his tours is hypnotize his wife.
 And also as a warm up act, I think.
 Okay, so that was his warm up routine, the warm up act.
 hypnotize his wife.
 He was really in tipnosis.
 And so he'd bring his wife on stage and show off.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 What would he make his wife do?
 I think he just made, like, be able to obey him in every way,
 which maybe she was doing already.
 But it was the 19th century.
 So he was really into mesmerism, which I mentioned,
 because you, like people whose names,
 are directly related to the thing that they created.
 Anton Mesmer came up with mesmerism, which is hypnotism.
 You know, Mesmer had a big tree in his garden
 that people would come and hug.
 And that's where tree hugging came from.
 He claimed that he had mesmerised it and made it,
 given it some of his hypnotic.
 He called it animal magnetism, didn't he?
 Yes, he did.
 Yeah.
 And he also claimed he had mesmerised the sun.
 Again, remotely.
 And he just said, yeah, if you get any sunlight,
 you're getting some of my mesmeric power now.
 I mean, he was a charlatan.
 Wow.
 Charles Dickens, and a Christmas Carol.
 So he made no money from it.
 In spite of the fact that it was incredibly popular.
 So within maybe six weeks, there were five different performances
 of it on the stage in London, all over London at different theatres.
 But they had not very good copyright laws.
 And basically pirates stole pirates.
 Pirates.
 Pirates.
 19th century is the right time for pirates.
 No, actual book pirates.
 What am I saying?
 Copyright pirate.
 It was pirated.
 That's what I'm looking for.
 And then he sued the pirates.
 And I'm going to keep using the word pirates.
 And they declared themselves bankrupt.
 So he was left to pay the equivalent of 56,000 pounds
 in modern day money in his own legal fees.
 Because they just sold it immediately.
 So it's quite sad for him.
 He did have speaking of pirates cowboy connections.
 Pirates and cowboys are kind of connected right in people's minds.
 So what kind of cool murderous figures from history.
 So butch Cassidy's grandfather was the basis for Oliver Twist.
 It is thought.
 So butch Cassidy's great grandfather went into business with Charles Dickens' father.
 And it ended up falling apart.
 They both ended up in prison together.
 And Charles Dickens grew up saying butch Cassidy's grandfather
 they're being a beggar on the streets.
 And Oliver Twist.
 It's thought he based.
 He based it on butch Cassidy's grandfather.
 It's amazing.
 For a second, I thought he said he was the basis for Oliver Twist.
 I'm not a band.
 No, not a band in that.
 Do you know who Scrooge was based on?
 One person they thought it might have been based on Scrooge
 was a guy called Jimmy Wood.
 And he was a very famous miser back in the day.
 He was such a miser that his coffin was said to be stoned when he died.
 They all threw stones at him because they hated him so much.
 He once went to Gloucester to Tugesbury and jumped on the back of the hearse
 because he didn't want to pay for a carriage.
 He chose to die because there was a coffin passing by.
 And he thought, "Now will be a good time to save money."
 And he used to...
 Also, if you're stoning somebody's coffin, that's too late.
 Stoned the ones that...
 Stoned the ones that they're living.
 I don't stoned them at all.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's not advocate.
 But he also would walk down the docks
 and there would be coal ships going past
 and he would just grab small bits of coal
 that came off these ships just so they didn't have to pay for them.
 Pay for the coal himself.
 So he's a real miser and they reckon that.
 And he's quite famous for it at the time as well.
 Right, okay.
 Did Dickens actually base Scrooge on a person, though?
 It might be on him.
 There's a few other people as well.
 Right, okay.
 There's a good person called Jasper Packelmerton
 who's in the Old Curiosity Shop.
 And he killed his 14 wives by tickling them to death.
 And apparently he's based on a real person, amazingly.
 Based on an article in the illustrated police news
 of 1869 entitled "A Wife Driven Insane
 by a Husband Tickling Her Feet."
 And this guy had fooled his wife into thinking
 that being tied to a plank would help her bad back.
 And then once she was secured,
 she would drive her to insanity with a feather to the feet.
 Oh, my God.
 You can't afford that twice, though.
 No.
 Can you?
 Well, you're insane by the end of the first?
 Yeah, it's true, yeah.
 I was looking into rituals because I just love the idea
 that that was a thing that, as I say, Dickens did this,
 he would tour like a stand-up comedian.
 And so he would do that every day.
 It's not like this was a random thing.
 He would get up and have the rum and the champagne
 and the sherry every single day while he was on tour.
 And I don't know how you can sustain doing that.
 But it turns out that every great writer had some kind of quirk
 of a ritual that they would stick to.
 And I was looking into a few of those.
 There's some really fun ones.
 Tom Wolf.
 We all know Tom Wolf.
 Bonfire the Vanities.
 His thing was he, one day, had the most amazing what he said
 was the most inspired burst of writing that he's had in a very long time.
 He was standing by his window.
 He had this burst of writing.
 And he loved it so much that he just thought I need to recreate
 whatever I did to lead me to this moment of great writing.
 And he couldn't work it out.
 So he kept retracing the steps.
 And then he worked out what it was.
 It was that night that he did this great burst of writing.
 He was standing by his window looking outside.
 And he was fondling his genitals.
 And he was like, oh my god, that was it.
 Fondling my genitals as what has made me come up with these great ideas.
 So that's now how Tom Wolf writes.
 And we know this as well because it was in a letter to his editor
 where he wrote that his penis remained limp and unaroused.
 Like he told his editor, I worked out what makes me a great writer.
 And that's what it is.
 But tons of writers have relied on alcohol.
 Haven't they?
 Throughout the ages.
 So Tennessee Williams, the playwright, Tennessee Williams.
 And she from his diary in 1957 reads two scotches at the bar.
 Then three drinks later in the morning.
 A Dacquery at Dirty Dicks.
 Three glasses of red wine at lunch.
 Three of wine at dinner.
 Also a green tranquilizer whose name I do not know.
 And a yellow one, I think is called resurbing or something like that.
 And the bad thing about that is when he wrote it, he was in rehab at the time.
 [LAUGHTER]
 genuinely.
 J.G. Bamad used to have scotch as well.
 And that was because he thought that it changed the microclimate of his brain.
 People justified it in whatever way they needed to.
 They've discovered, speaking of alcohol, that alcohol--
 so, A, scientists have recently discovered with paleogenetics,
 which is used as a kind of gene sequencing,
 that humans developed the capacity to digest alcohol successfully
 way before we thought they did.
 So we thought they, we did in about 7,000 BC.
 And it turns out it was about 10 million years ago.
 That's when we got this gene.
 And that's the reason that we've survived.
 So our ability to properly digest alcohol,
 because all the fruit that was falling from the trees at the time
 that we needed to eat to survive was rotting and fermenting.
 And there was a mutation in our ancestors' genes,
 which meant that we could eat it, not die.
 That's like--
 That's like with the endothols in milk.
 Apparently, milk is a new thing to us.
 Apparently, we've only been able to--
 That's why I always offer people milk.
 Oh, and the endothol in disguise.
 And when they pass the test, I know.
 And milk intolerance increases as you get closer to the equator.
 What? Yeah.
 Britain is the most lactose tolerant country in the world.
 Most lactose tolerance.
 Lactose tolerance is a mutation.
 And it spreads in prevalence as you get towards the pulse of the Earth.
 Wow.
 Because I think, isn't there something to do about milk going off?
 I mean, in hot temperatures, that sounds stupid, but I think it's true.
 But they just don't have fridges.
 They're just leaving their milk to go off.
 Well, we didn't have fridges until very recently.
 Yeah.
 I think they've got them at the equator now.
 It's not that far away.
 I know.
 What I'm saying is that 500 years ago, you wouldn't have--
 It wouldn't be as easy to keep milk cold.
 And there's less of a reason to have the mutation
 because milk is drugless.
 And there's less farming pasture.
 OK.
 Yeah.
 We need to wrap up on the fact that anyone else has anything they want to add.
 All I have to add is that Ernest Hemingway, he was an alcoholic,
 another white alcoholic.
 And his friend George Plimpton said that by the time he was dying,
 his liver protruded from his belly like a long fat leech,
 which made me think that if you don't have that, you're probably OK.
 All right.
 Let's move on to fact number two.
 Fact number two is from James.
 OK. My fact this week is that crap Christmas jumpers date back to the Romans.
 What do you mean by that?
 Well, I genuinely don't know, actually.
 Didn't realize his little--
 Yeah. So not Christmas because there wasn't a Christmas there,
 but they did have a similar festival called Satinalia.
 And part of it was a festival called Sigilaria on the 23rd of December.
 And there was a writer called Marshall who wrote about the gifts
 that you would get around that time.
 And he said that you would get fish sauce, jars of honey,
 bottles of wine, toothpicks, a few other things.
 And then one of the things was a shaggy nersling of a weaver on the sane.
 A barbarian garment, a thing uncouth, but not to be despised in cold December.
 So basically, he was saying that in that time of year,
 people would get really horrible jumpers,
 but they would be happy of them because the weather was so bad.
 It's a bit more poetic, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Oh, another shaggy nersling of a weaver.
 Guys, it's going to be shaggy nersling of a weaver day on Friday.
 So do wear your shaggy nersling of a weaver to the office and make a donation.
 And also, Satinalia, aristocrats would wear brightly coloured fabrics
 and not necessarily matching ones.
 They would wear unusual combinations of clothes.
 And the outfit was called the synthesis, which means things being put together.
 So I think that's the other strand of the Christmas jumper theory.
 Yeah, that's right.
 This comes actually from a press release from the University of Redding,
 that I read, and they've gone into all this.
 They also said that people then drank raisin wine,
 wine flavoured with pitch, honeyd wine, which does sound nice,
 and also a special wine for loosening the bowels.
 That's who is accepting that at dinner.
 Can I get the bow loosening?
 What were their toilets like back then?
 Would you like red, white or bow loosening?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Or brown, effectively.
 Yeah.
 And toilets were okay.
 Were they?
 Yeah, we found, I mean, the four of us have found a perfectly preserved Roman toilet seat on Hadrian's wall.
 Oh.
 We haven't, but they have.
 They were okay.
 They were just sitting off walls.
 But they had latrines.
 Did they go over the edge of the wall?
 Because there are barbarians on one side of the wall.
 So it was like an attack strategy as well as?
 But that's the thing actually about, you know what, like medieval towns.
 Yeah.
 The idea is that you would throw boiling oil on the people attacking you.
 But of course they would never do that because oil is a really precious thing that you, you know,
 you need to keep.
 And so that what they would throw is urine and feces.
 Okay.
 Or sometimes boiling water.
 But never oil.
 That's one of the best ever cartoons from private aid.
 There's a net castle being attacked and the defenders are pouring a huge cauldron of oil over the side.
 There's a guy in chef's way.
 It's next to them saying drizzle it.
 For God's sake drizzle it.
 Maybe you were poor boiling oil to show how rich you are though.
 In the same way that people have, you know, in Elizabethan times they used to blacken their teeth didn't they?
 Because it showed if you had a really rotting teeth that you were eating lots of rich food.
 Maybe it was that kind of, yeah, I think that was why people did that.
 It was because of the mark of status.
 There's another weird style that happened in America when TV became a massive thing.
 When people started owning their own personal TV and their houses.
 I got this from a Bill Bryson book.
 There used to be a type of clothing called videos.
 This was before videos.
 And you would buy your video to wear to someone's house to watch TV.
 And everyone would be wearing the same thing because it was such an event to watch TV in a house.
 Did it look like a bit like a black rectangular thing with two circular dials?
 Yeah.
 She knows who the patron saint of television is.
 Because a patron saint?
 No, who?
 That is Saint Claire of Assisi, who is one of the followers of Saint Francis of Assisi.
 And she was sick in bed and there was a mass going on in the other room.
 And she could somehow see the mass happening on the wall.
 And that miracle that made her the patron saint of television.
 Wow.
 What did she see?
 And she saw the mass happening.
 Is that was it?
 Yeah, it's like song surprise.
 Change the channel.
 Oh, come on.
 Was it a glass wall?
 There was another saint from Assisi called Saint Vitalis of Assisi.
 And he is the patron saint of genital diseases.
 Okay.
 And.
 Don't need to tell me, mate.
 There's a patron saint of STDs.
 Yes.
 No, all STDs because I know some George is the patron saint of syphilis.
 That's true.
 I wouldn't have taken away from him.
 No, he's like a junior minister in the STD saint department.
 Obviously, as a broader brief as well.
 So George is the patron saint of lepers too.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, sorry.
 So Saint Vitalis was the patron saint of STDs and diseases of the genitals.
 In 2011, there was noction house in Ireland that had his head in a jar.
 Supposedly, his head are relic.
 And they sold it to an American movie star.
 And we don't know which movie star it was.
 Oh, this is a fun guessing game.
 And a fun libel opportunity too.
 Yes.
 I say Julia Roberts.
 Speaking of heads and Christmas traditions.
 Yes.
 So there's a Welsh Christmas tradition that I'm not going to be able to pronounce.
 I don't think happens as much now.
 And it happens still in Glamorgan, but nowhere else.
 We're just called Marie Lewood, which is where a group of drunken revelers
 would put a horse's skull on a stick.
 And then they'd go around people's houses and bang on their doors at Christmas.
 And they'd sing them a carol.
 And then you had to have a sing-off with the people in the house.
 And it was like a competition.
 And then they had to let you in with your horse's skull.
 And they had to feed you.
 And then you had to sing a goodbye carol.
 And then you would leave with your horse's skull and go to the next house.
 It just sounds like a really weird version of carol singing.
 Another tradition is this is an old English tradition cake tossing.
 Do you know that one?
 No.
 It's not much to it.
 You just get a perfectly good cake and throw it against a wall.
 Against a wall.
 Not even seeing how far you can throw it.
 No, no. You stand next to a wall, throw it.
 And it's supposed to like give you a year without any hunger.
 Really?
 Yes.
 There's another...
 Sorry, gone.
 Well, just wanted to share this, which is the theory of when the sweater began.
 Because it's quite a vague thing.
 You know, it did begin with the Romans or did it begin before that.
 One website I found says it began with 19th century British fishermen.
 Because they needed something chunky and heavy to repel water and keep them warm.
 And that is from a website called Dancing with Wolves.
 Nice.
 They would make Christmas jumpers for penguins, didn't they, for a while.
 Do you remember that?
 Really?
 Yeah, there was like an oil spill in New Zealand.
 Yeah, do you remember?
 And then they...
 What they wanted was little jumpers to parten the penguins so that they wouldn't prune themselves and get the oil in their mouth if they prune themselves.
 They thought they might get about 100, but they ended up getting 15,000.
 Wow.
 And actually, they're no good at...
 Anyway, like if you put a sweater on a penguin, it's not really the best thing to do.
 The best thing to do is just put it in cold water or warm water.
 I guess that's how they've evolved over millions of years to be able to deal with cold weather.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So now whenever you send them a jumper for a penguin, they just put it on like a Thai penguin and they sell it in this shop.
 Great.
 Thanks.
 This is semi-unrelated, but they've done an experiment in the last few months where they've put lingerie on rats.
 And it's to see how they always do it to rats.
 And it's to see how Y-Men are attracted to women at home.
 Really?
 But they put like kind of sexy underwear on rats.
 And then they got them to go and have sex with male rats.
 And then if the same woman came back later, then the guy didn't want to have sex with the female without her wearing the sexy lingerie.
 So it's like, as soon as your programme to believe that the sex is going to be good with the lingerie wearing women, then you don't enjoy it as much or you don't want to do it with the non-laundry wearing women.
 Apparently this proves why men are attracted to women during this lingerie.
 That is a terrible slogan for a Christmas jumper.
 I rat experiments to find that stuff out.
 Because we had a fact in the previous podcast, which was what was it? They were in polyester pants.
 Yeah, rats in polyester pants.
 They can't get it up.
 They can't get it up.
 They can't get it up.
 They can't get it up in the reaction if they were wearing little trams.
 So interesting rats sex lives.
 Wow.
 I don't know what's going on there.
 Well, complained to the polyester company.
 Yeah.
 Okay, time for fact number three.
 And that is Anna.
 Yeah, my fact is that male turkeys blush when they see female turkeys.
 I really like that.
 This is quite sweet.
 Especially if they were in lingerie.
 Why?
 Why do they blush?
 So turkeys don't have a weird anatomy anyway.
 But some people think it's because when turkeys gobble, it actually takes up a lot of energy.
 And they gobble as part of their strutting ritual to attract women.
 Because there's a sexy thing to do.
 And when they gobble, it causes the blood to rise up and up into their face.
 And they turn bright red.
 And they really do go bright red.
 But it's only business for their snooze.
 You know, the turkeys snooze, which I find like the weird...
 No, what is it?
 A snooze is that floppy bit of skin that dangles really far off a turkeys face.
 And it's a secondary sexual organ.
 Because when a turkeys aroused, it gets engorged with blood.
 And it gets longer.
 And female turkeys fancy male turkeys with longer snooze.
 And so that snooze goes bright red when it's trying to reduce...
 Wait, so they have a thing on their face that when they're aroused, it extends?
 Yeah, and it's got no purpose.
 Nobody knows why it's there.
 You also have a thing on your face that extends when you get aroused.
 You think, actually.
 But you have a rectile tissue inside your nose.
 Oh, yes.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And does it increase in size when you are aroused?
 It can do sometimes.
 And there's a thing called honeymoon rhinitis, which you can get...
 Which apparently, when you get aroused, it makes your sneeze.
 And some people start sneezing when they're aroused.
 Well, this puts a new perspective on the story of Pinocchio.
 Well, this is right.
 Your nose does get longer when you lie, doesn't it?
 Because you get tense.
 And so they say your nose does expand a little.
 So what else people get 10 times bigger when you're aroused as well?
 10 times.
 Yeah, because it's only small.
 Yeah.
 Oh, hang on.
 My people's not that small.
 Yeah, you're right.
 That doesn't sound right.
 Maybe the bigger one does it under the surface.
 I think thinking of cartoons when their eyes go, "Rrrrrr!"
 They get bigger, but not by 10 times, obviously.
 Right, OK.
 But so I could be able to tell if someone...
 I don't know if it's noticeable or the nose thing.
 But then if you're a turkey, you can't really play it cool with your snoot, can you?
 That's true.
 And if you blush as well.
 Yeah.
 It's very awkward for them.
 And because they've got...
 So the top of their head turns bright blue, also, when they're around, so they're excited.
 Their head turns bright blue.
 So they can turn their head blue.
 So it is actually quite obvious to a woman when they face it.
 Hang on, sorry.
 What?
 So they've got, like, you know, compared to what a turkey looks like, and they're kind of greyish grey head.
 Yeah, they're like turkey head, yeah.
 Yeah, and it goes like...
 They go bright.
 They go bright.
 They're head.
 They go bright blue.
 Yeah.
 Like my jumper bright blue.
 It's more paler than that.
 Oh, okay.
 Yeah.
 So turkey's a great, right?
 And turkeys were...
 Do we think they were nearly the official animal emblem of America or not?
 This is a myth, apparently.
 But I think it's basically true.
 The idea is that Benjamin Franklin, like them so much, and he thought they were noble animals,
 and he wanted them to be the official masterful bird of the USA.
 So when...
 So when it was decided that they were going to make a bald eagle, the emblem of the USA,
 then Franklin was outraged, and he said it couldn't be a bald eagle because they have bad moral character.
 He said, he wrote his daughter saying, you may have seen them perched in some dead tree
 where too lazy to fish for himself, he watched as the labour of the fishing hawk
 when that diligent bird has taken a fish and is bearing it to his nest for his young,
 the bald eagle pursues him and steals it.
 So he wrote that, and he said, a much more respectable bird and a true native of America is the turkey.
 So I don't know why people keep debunking this.
 Franklin wanted the bird to be...
 Franklin wanted it to be, yeah.
 I have a thing about that.
 And electrocuting them, right?
 Yeah, he wanted to...
 He not only wanted to, he did electrocute turkeys, and on one occasion he got a crowd together
 to watch him doing it and then ended up electrocuting himself, which is amazing.
 He wrote to a friend, a turkey is to be killed for our dinners by the electrical shock
 and roasted by the electrical jack, and he practiced it lots, and then got a crowd together,
 and he was numb for the rest of the evening after he gave himself a huge shock,
 and he wrote to his brother, saying, "Two nights ago, being about to kill a turkey by the shock from two large glass jars,
 I inadvertently took the hole through my own arms and body.
 Do not make this more public, for I am ashamed to have been guilty of so notorious of Blunder.
 So sorry, Franklin, your secrets out now."
 The other thing, though, is that turkeys aren't that noble, are they?
 Really.
 I mean, if you put a male turkey, apparently, in a room with a model of female turkey,
 he'll mate with it just as eagerly as he would with the real thing.
 But he will also do it if you put a turkey head on a stick.
 He'll also try and mate with that.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And they did an experiment with all the different bits of a turkey that which will work and which won't work.
 A freshly severed head on a stick was the most effective.
 That's what it liked the most.
 What was the most effective?
 Well, I like you, but I don't know.
 Could you maybe lose everything below your neck?
 Well, yeah, you've got that one's the most effective, followed by a dried male head on a stick,
 followed by a two-year-old withered female head on a stick.
 It's turkey porn just heads.
 It's like breasts.
 Just cut out the body.
 And then last place, but still enlisting a sexual response was a plain balsa wood model of a head.
 They're Andy.
 This nude just got very slightly bigger.
 Wow.
 That's what you're emblem of the USA.
 Tuckies never ask you, you're a leg or a breast man.
 They just say you're a head or a head man.
 I'm a head man.
 Yeah, I love it.
 When was this done, do you know?
 It was done in the late '50s by some people at the University of Pennsylvania.
 Oh, my God.
 The perverts in the University of Pennsylvania.
 You know when they say they're cutting science budgets around the world?
 You're just going, but we need to put these rats in braziers.
 And we've been trying to find out if he wants to shag that head.
 I kind of get it now.
 I've had this had decomposing for two years in my office.
 We all think it's going to the mood in bars, and it's there.
 That's where the real budget's going.
 Wow.
 Tuckies aren't very breasty now, aren't they?
 Much more than they're supposed to be.
 Well, I mean these.
 Have noticed, yeah, we were chatting about this the other day.
 Yeah, no, I saw your computer screens.
 They've increased.
 It was the weight trope's website.
 Look at the head on that one.
 Go on.
 Tuckies have got much bigger.
 They've increased by 57% in size since 1980.
 I think.
 Because, I know since 1965, sorry.
 Because we're obviously breeding them to have huge breasts,
 because we like the taste of turkey breasts.
 So while turkeys are laughing in the face of domestic turkeys,
 because they can fly, they can fly 55 miles an hour, I think.
 Wow.
 And most domesticated turkeys can't fly at all,
 because they're so top-heavy.
 They can run 25 miles an hour.
 Yeah, unbelievable.
 Wild turkeys.
 Yeah, wild turkeys.
 Turkeys can't, farm turkeys can't have sex with each other anymore.
 It's quite sad.
 They're too heavy, and they're sort of a bit distorted.
 And they have to be masturbated.
 And then artificially inseminated.
 And the people who...
 Is it not because they're all dubious now going?
 It's probably just a head on a stick, mate.
 I wouldn't want that.
 But the people who do it call it milking.
 And it's not milking.
 It's not milking.
 Don't dress it up.
 They then...
 All right.
 They sort of...
 Can I read you a brief account of it?
 It won't take long, but the effects will last forever in your mind.
 So this is according to a journalist who went around and visited a turkey farmer.
 He said, "I was complaining about the impossibility of a journalist getting to see the process when I heard a rustle of feathers beside me.
 The turkey was already upside down in Paul's hands.
 He swiftly uncovered a hole amidst the feathers, gave it a couple of tweaks.
 And there was the turkey semen, looking at like a bit of crumbly old toothpaste.
 "We take this," said Paul, "and suck it into a rubber tube.
 It's then blown into the vagina.
 So you have to suck it up with a rubber tube, and then blow it up another turkey."
 That's a job.
 I hope they didn't...
 That's a job that people actually don't have.
 So what makes you think you're called by?
 Well, I've always been interested in sucking animal semen up through tubes.
 They didn't say the crumbly old toothpaste thing to its face, did they?
 Because that may tend to be quite offensive, in my experience.
 So...
 Do you have any aquafresh?
 Hey, I read that turkey poo.
 Let's say you had two turkeys, and you were like, "Oh, tell me the gender of these two turkeys."
 You can tell which one is a male, and which one is female by their poo.
 Because the poo of a male turkey comes out spiral, like a Mr. Whippy ice cream.
 It comes out just like a...
 But it does. That's the kind of way that it comes out.
 And then a female poo comes out in the shape of a "J."
 Yeah, so that's how you know, because they have different...
 Is this right, James? They've got different eggs.
 Oh, clockers, yeah. They have different shape clockers.
 Another good turkey thing, which I actually discovered last year,
 and is in our fact book, one for one, one for facts to knock you sideways.
 If you want to buy it, is that...
 So in turkey, the word for turkey means Indian bird.
 In Indian, the word for turkey means Peruvian bird.
 In Greece, the word for turkey means French bird.
 And in Malaysia, the word for turkey means Dutch chicken.
 So no one had a clue where it was coming from.
 But it was definitely foreign.
 It was a foreign bird.
 Well, there's a theory that they were called turkeys here,
 because the merchants who sold them across Europe were Turkish.
 But of course, they're all native to Mexico.
 I was going to say the Native Americans, apparently,
 the real origin of the name is "Furkey."
 So they should be "Furkeys," not turkeys.
 Oh, okay. I didn't know that. Let's go.
 Let's start calling them that.
 Hashtag facts.
 We should move on. Time to move on to our final fact of the evening,
 and that is Andy.
 My fact is that the composer of the song "Jingle Bells"
 also wrote the "Yuletide" classic "We Conquer or Die."
 That was a genuine song written by the same man.
 His name was James Lord Pierpont, and he was an American composer.
 He was also the uncle of JP Morgan, incidentally, the banker.
 And he wrote this song on a number of others, the lyrics to "We Conquer or Die."
 The war drum is beating. Prepare for the fight.
 The stern bigot Northman exalts in his might.
 Go on your bright weapons, your foemen are nigh,
 and this be our watchword, "We Conquer or Die."
 So there you go.
 You can see where it led on.
 Was that his difficult second song?
 Which one came first, do we know?
 I think "Jingle Bells" came first.
 Some of them we don't know the dates for.
 I know, he's like someone who wanted to be taken more seriously.
 On those cases.
 Did he write anything else? Is that it, premier?
 Yeah, he wrote a lot of songs.
 Are they all in the Christmas theme or the Aggressive Military theme?
 A lot of them are in the Aggressive Military theme.
 We wrote our battle flag and strike for the south.
 And oh, let me not neglect it, die.
 Because he was on the side of the south in the Civil War.
 And he lived in Boston, Massachusetts originally,
 and then he moved down to Savannah, Georgia,
 which is where he spent the Civil War.
 And he wrote a load of these songs on behalf of the south.
 There's a kind of agit prop thing.
 "Jingle Bells" was the first song to be played from space.
 Wasn't it?
 Wasn't it?
 Yeah, yeah, it was.
 Really?
 It was when Tom Stafford and Wally Scherer were in space.
 It was in 1965.
 I think.
 And it was a prank.
 So they said they'd seen a kind of floating asteroid
 or something they were talking to, you know,
 mission control, whatever on the ground, floating,
 and they were going to get it and see what it was,
 and it turned out to be this tiny harmonica.
 It was three eighths of an inch wide,
 and then they launched into a rendition of "Jingle Bells"
 around Christmas time from space.
 They had originally planned to play "We Conqueror Die."
 They couldn't get the rights.
 So they pretended that they saw Santa Claus, is that right?
 Did you say that?
 No.
 So that's what happened.
 They kind of went down to mission control and said,
 "We can see this one guy with 12 other figures flying
 into the Earth's atmosphere."
 And they pretended that they could see Father Christmas.
 Was that what it was supposed to be?
 I just saw them saying they thought it was a satellite.
 No, he said, "I see a command module with eight smaller modules
 in front.
 The pilots of the command module is wearing a red suit."
 There's a lot of sort of Christmassy elements
 to space travel.
 They're lying and lying from up there.
 That makes me wonder about the whole moon landing's conspiracy theory
 if they're claiming Santa Claus was there.
 So some other carols.
 They saw three ships.
 You know that song?
 Oh, yes.
 They saw three ships.
 There's an extra verse about that.
 We don't really sing anymore.
 We talk about carrying the dead bodies of the three wise men
 on the ships.
 How did they die?
 I don't say natural causes.
 Yes, so the idea was that these three wise men were on the boats
 and they'd sailed all the way from Bethlehem.
 Now, the problem is that Bethlehem isn't on the coast.
 But people in Britain didn't really know where Bethlehem was
 or in Europe.
 They didn't know.
 They just assumed it was like a seaside resort.
 And so the part of the song goes,
 it sailed from Bethlehem to Cologne, I think it was.
 But how could it do that?
 The each on one ship.
 Yeah, one in each ship.
 Let it snow.
 Let it snow.
 Let it snow.
 It was written by Sami Khan and Jules Stein.
 They claimed they came up with the idea to call themselves
 during a heat wave by writing the song.
 I don't really see how that works though.
 I'm dreaming of a white Christmas was written,
 I think, next to a swimming pool.
 Oh, really?
 I think so, yeah.
 The people find it was Irving Bellin wrote "White Christmas", didn't he?
 Yeah.
 And he was Jewish and he wrote it as a sort of an ironic song.
 And they recently did a poll in America
 of people's top 25 favorite Christmas songs,
 and more than half of them are written by Jewish people.
 And these are the guys who are writing all the great Christmas songs.
 You know the last year,
 it was either last year that you were before.
 Cost of coffee did a poll amongst their customers
 of what they think is the worst Christmas song that's ever been written.
 You know what came out on top?
 Oh, I don't know.
 It was not Cliff Richards.
 It's a total lie.
 It's a total lie.
 And they've now banned it.
 Yeah, worldwide, they've not allowed any of their coffee shops to play Cliff Richards' song anymore.
 Well, Irving Bellin tried to get radio stations
 to ban Elvis Presley's version of "White Christmas".
 Did he?
 Because I thought it was...
 I think his exact words were,
 it's a profane parody of his cherished Jules Tide standard.
 He ordered staff in New York to...
 Oh, he ordered his own staff to phone radio stations,
 they don't play this,
 because he thought it was so outrageously gross.
 Why was it gross?
 Was it too much?
 I think it was too sexy.
 I don't know.
 Elvis Presley, a lot of radio stations,
 refused to play Elvis Presley's songs when he first became popular
 because they assumed that he was black,
 and it was the time when...
 God.
 Yeah.
 Well, they also banned him.
 I don't know if this is a myth,
 but it might be a myth.
 Is it a myth?
 No, I think it's not a myth.
 They could only film him sort of torso above.
 They couldn't show his legs,
 because his legs were too sexy and the dance moves.
 Yeah.
 He was just shaking too much.
 Well, it was mostly his hips.
 Yeah, mostly his hips.
 Yeah, legs are not the problem.
 Yeah, yeah.
 He's got to cut out that, like...
 Where's one line?
 Yeah.
 You can do below the knees, guys,
 or you can do above the waist.
 Yeah.
 Whereas on Turkey, top of the pop,
 they cut off the head.
 (LAUGHTER)
 To see the body.
 That's all you get.
 Rudolf Redner's Renda was nearly called "regional."
 (LAUGHTER)
 Regional?
 Yeah, it doesn't scan as well.
 But it wasn't a song originally.
 It was a coloring book for children,
 and an advertising guy came up with it,
 and he very nearly called it "regional,"
 but then he crucially didn't.
 And it sold two and a half million copies in its first year.
 There's a little coloring book.
 It's huge.
 Which is quite nice about Rudolf Redner's Renda.
 It was written by just a copywriter
 who worked for Montgomery Award,
 huge department store,
 and they'd just been told they didn't want to spend
 those money buying in Christmas gifts to sell,
 so they told their staff to write a Christmas song.
 So this guy, Robert May, wrote Rudolf Redner's Renda.
 And it sold incredibly well-matched loads of money.
 I think it was remitted into a song.
 And the Montgomery Award, people in charge of Montgomery Award,
 gave him all the rights to it.
 He had no rights to it at all.
 Wow.
 And he was in trouble.
 His wife had a terminal illness.
 He was in massive debt.
 And as soon as it was released as a song,
 they sold him all the rights to it, 100%.
 And he loved off the proceeds of that until, I think, 1970s when he died.
 Wow.
 So that's quite nice.
 That is nice. That's great.
 Yeah.
 "Hark the Herald Angels" sing,
 "The Tune" is written by Mendelssohn,
 which possibly you know,
 and Mendelssohn originally wrote the tune as a tribute to Gutenberg's printing press.
 Yeah.
 It was, how awesome is the printing press song?
 How awesome is the printing press?
 It sounds the same as "Hark the Herald Angels" sing.
 Yeah, that's the original one.
 It actually went "Gutenberg, the Deutsche Mann"
 "Zundetter, die Fickle Am"
 or "Die Fackle Am".
 I have no idea.
 So the weirdest thing for me about this fact
 is when you hear someone who's famous for something
 and then they've produced another bit of work
 that is just so, you know, jingle bells, we conquer or die.
 It's just so different.
 It's like when I found out that Barbara Cartland invented a glider
 that the military started using.
 Sorry, what?
 Barbara Cartland, the romance novelist who wrote a billion romance novels,
 also invented a glider that you could fly in,
 that the military was like, that is so good we're using it.
 And that's one of her...
 Yeah, that's a thing that...
 And Michael Jackson invented the facts machine.
 No, Michael Jackson.
 Actually, I don't know if most people know this,
 but he wrote the song "Do the Bart Man", the Michael Jackson's.
 Everyone does know that.
 But he wrote the Simpson song "Do the Bart Man".
 Really?
 And he invented those shoes that let you kind of stand on a slant as well.
 Yeah, he did actually.
 He was a part of the...
 When he slants forward, there's a patent taken out
 where it's weighted boots, and he was one of the invented shoes.
 There's not a nut like this is a kind of shoe that's really caught on since then.
 What was you talking about?
 We're all wearing them.
 We're all wearing them now.
 So I've walked over like that.
 This is connected because I wanted to mention this earlier.
 The person who made Christmas carols cool again was St. Francis of Assisi.
 Also, I believe.
 Yes, so it was at a time when it was in the 13th century,
 at a time when it was all like very serious and very somber.
 And he tried to make Christmas celebrations fun again.
 And he made it so that, for instance, drinking songs that were sung in taverns,
 like fun drinking songs.
 He made them be rewritten with Christmas lyrics.
 And actually...
 A few years ago, the Pope said that he was a playboy, Francis of Assisi.
 What do you mean?
 Well, he started off his life.
 He was a drinker and he was a partier.
 And then he gave away all this stuff to a leper.
 And the Pope actually said that he was one of the original playboys.
 Fun guy.
 Created an activity, I think.
 He turned an activity into a fun theatrical event.
 So decided that the birth of Jesus should be something that we all go and enjoy watching.
 The Vatican didn't have a Christmas tree until 1982.
 Did it not?
 No.
 I think they associated it with being the old heathen thing.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 There's a thing in America where you call them holiday trees.
 I just read this really random report where there was a guy who...
 he was a politician who died.
 He had a previous career.
 I can't quite remember what his previous career was.
 And when he died, apparently it was just such a big thing in his life.
 He hated the idea that things were called holiday trees.
 And he wanted to be called Christmas trees.
 That when Arnold Schwarzenegger spoke at his funeral, he said,
 "I swear I will make the Christmas tree return."
 It was the report that came out.
 Arnold Schwarzenegger promises Christmas trees to return in funeral eulogy.
 We need to wrap up.
 Do you guys have any...
 Yeah, yeah.
 Well, was originally a bit of a saucy song.
 I just wanted to tell you that.
 The second verse, it goes,
 "A day or two ago, I thought I'd take a ride.
 And soon Miss Fanny Bright was seated by my side.
 The horse was lean and lank.
 Miss Fortune seemed as lot.
 He got into a drifted bank and then we got up-sought.
 Which no one knows what it means.
 But...
 It sounds like it should be upset, but it didn't quite run.
 I think that's exactly what it means, actually.
 Yeah.
 And then now the ground is white.
 Go it while you're young.
 Take the girls tonight and sing this song.
 Basically, a sleigh was like having a sweet ride in the fifties.
 And you'd go and sleigh everywhere.
 And you'd go up into the hills up to...
 Going to sleigh everywhere sounds a bit like some kind of gory.
 Yeah.
 You don't want to be involved with...
 But you go sleigh riding.
 You know, that was very impressive to a young lady.
 You've got a sleigh.
 Four.
 I have a...
 Or just one more thing to add.
 Which is more of a feminist mission statement about the Holly and the Ivy.
 And the Holly and the Ivy, the song.
 So it's always kind of bugged me how...
 You know how that ends, saying of all the trees that are in there with the Holly bears, the crown.
 So in the Holly and the Ivy, the Holly's won.
 And the Holly's a bit of a dick because it's all spiky and nasty.
 And actually, this dates back to medieval times when the Holly represented the masculinity of the male form.
 And the Ivy was a woman.
 The Ivy was this weak gentle woman.
 The Holly was this strong and it's very resilient and it represented a man.
 And in medieval villages, they were seeing the women would sing, have competitions against the men.
 And they would be the Ivy and the men would be the Holly.
 So every time women, you sing the Holly and the Ivy.
 And you finish saying the Holly bears the crown.
 You're saying the men of one.
 That's what that means.
 So we need to change it, don't we?
 We need to change it.
 Get Arnold Schwarzenegger on the phone.
 [laughter]
 I swear to you, Anna.
 The Ivy will rise again.
 [applause]
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts of this evening.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 At home, thanks so much for being here this evening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about things that we've said during the course of this podcast, you can get us on Twitter.
 I'm on @Sriberland, Andy.
 @AndrewHunterM.
 James @egshaped.
 Anna.
 Can you email pokos.ky.com?
 You can also go to @QIPodcast on Twitter as well.
 And we are going to be back again next week with another episode.
 And I such thing as a fish.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 We'll catch you later.
 Goodbye.
 And thanks to you guys.
 [applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
