 Hi everybody, Andy here. Just a couple of very quick announcements before this week's
 show starts. The first is to say who our special guest is. If you've been listening to Fish
 for a little while, you may have heard her before because she is none other than the
 brilliant Rachel Parris. Rachel has done so many things. She's a member of Ostentatious,
 a great improvised comedy show. She's hosted The MASH Report. She's a musical comedian.
 She's toured the country with her brilliant shows. She's written a book called Advice
 from Strangers. There's nothing she can't do, and as you're about to hear, she was
 great on this show too, as she always is. The other thing to say is that we have just
 done a live show at the London Podcast Festival. Now, the show is in the past. There's no
 way of getting there by conventional means, but if you go to knowsuchthingasofish.com/live,
 you will be able to get a streaming ticket and watch the show in all its glory. And there
 is one extremely good reason to do that, which is that our special guest for this show is
 none other than Anna. Anna Tijinski is back. She's come back for this show, as you will
 hear. She was great, and you can buy the streaming tickets and see Anna's glorious fish return
 for the next week. Tickets are available to buy until the 21st of September, so treat
 yourself to that. Enjoy it. Knowsuchthingasofish.com/live. That's it from me, on with the show.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of Knowsuchthingasofish, a weekly podcast this week coming to you live
 from the Soho Theatre. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew
 Hunter Murray, and Rachel Parris. And once again, we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here
 we go, starting with fact number one, and that is Rachel. My fact is Viking men dyed their
 hair blonde, wore makeup, and had grooming kits. You don't imagine them jumping off the
 longboat with grooming kits. No. Also, I thought they were blonde already. No, some of them
 were blonde, but there was, I think now we know there was a much greater prevalence of
 dark hair than was previously thought they weren't universally blonde. So what they did
 was they used lye to bleach their hair blonde. What we can't know is their intentions. It
 also was useful for cleaning it and stopping lice. So what we don't know is was it only
 for cleaning or was it partly for vanity as well? But the idea of it being for vanity
 seems believable because we do know they were quite vain in other areas. The English
 certainly thought that they were very vain, the Vikings. There was a monk called John
 of Wallingford who said that the Danes cheated by washing. They made themselves too acceptable
 to English women by their elegant manners and their care of their person. That is cheating.
 How could we possibly compete with people who wash?
 Well, that's the way it seems to be because there was a guy called Ahmed Ibn Fadlan who
 was writing about the Vikings. He was from Baghdad, but he was probably in somewhere
 like Constantinople or whatever, and he wrote that every day they wash with the dirtiest
 and filthiest water there could be. They blow their nose, they spit, they do every filthy
 thing imaginable in that water and then they wash with it. So it seemed like they were
 in this kind of in between of the people in the Middle East thought they were disgusting,
 but the people in Britain thought they were absolutely artichokes.
 That Arabic writer was one of the sources that he noted that they bleached their beards
 to a saffron yellow. So he really had his eye on them, didn't he? A keen eye on them.
 I'll tell you what they didn't have. Maybe. Tables. What? Yeah, exactly. Not such a catch
 now, are they? Idiots. I think that men with tables are cheating. They must have had tables.
 What? What did they play snooker on? Well, yeah. There's a guy called Neil Price who
 wrote a book called Children of Ash and Elm all about the Viking mind, and he's also been
 a historical consultant on a few Viking movies. He was asked we needed to have a banquet,
 and he said I don't know if there were tables because there's no record, there's no Viking
 tables left over, so they just shot it cleverly to completely ignore the question of whether
 the tables existed in the Viking world or not. They must have had tables. What did they eat
 off? We don't know. The floor. This is an eminent Viking scholar, Neil Price. He's not willing
 to say. You know those little trays that have a padded cushion underneath? My wife uses
 them. On their knees? Yeah, on their knees. I actually don't know what those are. What
 are those? It's kind of like if you're watching TV and you bring your dinner in, it's a sort
 of like little cushion and it's got a table on top of it. It makes so much sense that
 Andy doesn't even know what we're talking about. A tray on the lap. I know what a tray
 is, I know what a lap is. Is your wife 95 years old then? What is this? There was a Viking
 called Lot the Unwashed, and that's more evidence that perhaps they were very clean because
 why would they call him unwashed if it wasn't for the fact that everyone else washed normally.
 Andy was described as a wise man and much given to manslaughter. There's also a theory
 that they loved orange cats. So they loved cats anyway, which is quite an amazing thing.
 Every sort of expedition, they go on expeditions, every pillage that they went on, they would
 bring cats with them, and they brought cats for a number of reasons. A, they loved them.
 B, for any vermin that was on the boats, they could get rid of the mice and stop spreading
 disease, but the cats would escape once they get to these lands that they were going to.
 So there's been studies where they've looked at the DNA of a bunch of cats from that period
 that they found the bones of and so on, and they've discovered that it was basically just
 the Vikings just dropping cats off in all these places. Were they orange cats, or had
 they died the cats with lye? They were immaculately brushed. On terms of how clean they were, or
 how dirty they were, we thought we knew for ages how clean they were because there are
 churches in England which have Viking skin nailed to the doors. What? Macabre? At least
 four of them. They're called Daneskins. And I think the idea is that the churches made
 themselves look really hard by saying, you know, the Vikings came here and this is what
 they left behind. This is, you know, we saw them off. Anyway, they've tested them and
 they're almost all cow or donkey. It's weird that because the thing we were talking
 before about how they had brown hair, a lot of them, we know that through DNA tests. And
 they've also checked it with modern day people. And they found that in the UK, each of us
 in the UK on average has got about 6% Viking DNA, but also that when they've looked at
 people who were buried in Scotland, they found a lot of people who were buried as if they're
 Vikings, but didn't have any Viking DNA in them. And so they just kind of like self identified
 as Vikings. And they just decided, well, even though I don't have any Viking heritage,
 I'm just going to be a Viking now. And they went with all of the culture and all of the
 everything. Wow. That's pretty cool, isn't it? Yeah, that is cool. Cosplay. Cosplay. Very,
 very early cosplay. When the people are still there. I'm going to say uncontroversially
 that self identifying is not the same as cosplay. Oh, shit. Yeah. Thanks, Andy. Well, we've had
 nine years of fun. Can I tell you more about the grooming? Oh, yeah, yeah. The facial
 grooming. So they had quite a lot of different beauty tools. And this was this was men and
 women alike, including razors and tweezers. And as we've mentioned, combs. But they also
 had ear spoons, which I like. Yeah. So they knew kind of before we did that is not a good
 idea to shove something in your ear and compact it. So they had little tiny ear scoops to scoop
 the wax out. They have that in Mongolia as well. Yeah. So a buddy of ours, Craig Glenday,
 Guinness World Records editor-in-chief, he went to Mongolia to meet the tallest man
 in the world. He was there to verify him as the tallest man. And when you go to a house,
 he said, went to the house. And he said, before you come in, here's your spoon for your ears.
 And you've got to clean your ears before you go into the house. Yes. Like take your shoes
 off, clean your ears. I've got quite a few ear spoons. Do you? Yeah. Yeah. I got one that
 lights up. It's kind of cool. Okay. Hang on. How do you, how do you sit? How do you know?
 Is it? It comes out of your eyes. Just shut. Yeah. No. Yeah. So there was a thing in Japan
 quite a few years ago, which was this kind of trend of like young people would spoon
 each other's ears. What? I've said it before and I was like, again, what a generation is
 Zed up to. This is before then I reckon it's quite a lot many years ago. Right. And there
 was like this trend of selling ear spoons in Japan. And I bought some because we're going
 to talk about it on QI. Okay. I just thought it would be kind of a cool thing to have.
 What are they used for? It's, it's just right. You, you're getting bits of wax out of your
 ears, right? Yeah. This is someone else. If you, if you could do it yourself, but isn't
 it nicer if you just have someone lay their head on your lap and you just kind of spoon
 out the ear? Oh, wow. I feel like I've lost the room. No, no, no. I think, I think we're
 all fascinated. I want to know like if you're scared of like, because a lot of people have
 a phobia about their ears. Do you get to do that fun helicopter thing? The airplane's
 going to come around here. But for the ear? It's coming in. Yeah. I don't know my vehicles
 at all. Choo choo. Here comes the helicopter. Do you want to know where the last Viking
 attack on UK soil was? Well, obviously 10th century 2021 2021. This happened in a Scottish
 town called Kirk could bright. And it was when a replica longboat for a display knocked
 out the power supplies when it got tangled in an overhead power line. The local energy
 network said only one customer had been affected. And the reenactment groups maritime officer
 apologized for the inconvenience and said we are incredibly sorry for the disruption.
 I think that is the last time I think I found some more legit modern Vikings than cosplay
 ones, which is Iceland has an elite police force. And they are known as the Viking squad.
 That's their sort of unofficial name. They're technically the special unit of the National
 Police Commissioner. There's only about 46 of them in total. And but the problem was
 it's not a problem rather there's no sort of official standard military in Iceland.
 So it defaults to them. So if ever Iceland gets involved in a war, the Vikings are coming.
 Viking squad 46 will be sent in. What would you say to me and the if I said ergy agar
 rager that I don't know what I'd say. I mean, I'd saying what I would say, which is direct
 with baffle man and mild upset. That's fair enough. What is it? Is it like a Viking question?
 It's more like a Viking insult, actually. Classic James turned up trying to do the good
 research. I'm just getting insults. What is it? It's calling someone a coward in various
 different ways. But the interesting thing is these swear words were so derogatory that
 if someone called them to you, according to Icelandic law, at least, you're allowed to
 kill them without paying any compensation. Just from any of these insulting words. Those
 was it three? Ergy agar rager. You just compounded the offense. I've got to do it twice now.
 I got a quiz question for you guys. Okay, so they was once a Viking called Sigurd, the
 mighty, and he was killed by something that was attached to the side of him as he was
 riding on a horse. Okay, so he has a sword there and the horse flips him up and the sword
 stabs him in the leg and severs an artery. I'll go with not a sword, but a cheese knife.
 Ah. It was a posh Viking. He was on his way to a tasting. He was very excited about it.
 I feel like it's not going to be swordy because it seems too obvious. Yeah, cool. Boots. Boots.
 Yeah, no. So the answer is it was the decapitated head of male breaker who was a sworn enemy
 of Sigurd. Okay. He had killed, taken his head off his body, strapped it to the saddle
 of his horse, and as he was riding, the tooth of his enemy scratched his leg and it got
 infected and it killed him. This is the rumour. I'm not sure if it's 1200 years old, whether
 it's a rumour anymore, as in a rumour is kind of one level up from gossip. And I wouldn't
 say this is gossip. You know, this is kind of, you hear what happened to Sigurd, the mighty.
 Oh my God. I thought that was hot gossip. Dan just heard this like from his neighbour,
 who heard it from a friend. I think we just start presenting all of our facts as rumours
 and hot gossip. It is time for fact number two, and that is James. Okay, my fact this
 week is that the fourth president of the United States once sent the third president of the
 United States a letter giving the precise measurement between a weasel's anus and its
 vulva. That actually is hot gossip. That's exciting, sexy gossip. That's Heat magazine's
 circle of shame. It would be better if they called it the weasel's vulva, rather the circle
 of shame. That's a better name for it. So what's going, what's going on? Well, just
 what I said, that's what happened for sure. But this was basically, we're talking Thomas
 Jefferson, your third president, and he was in an argument with a French nobleman called
 George Louis Leclerc Buffon. Buffon had never been to America, but he had a theory that
 America had just come out of the ocean, and it hadn't dried out yet. And so it, all the
 animals and the plants were really struggling to live there, and they were all like really
 small and weedy. Now he told that to Jefferson, and Jefferson was not very happy about it.
 And so he decided that he was going to prove him wrong. And so he sent his friends, one
 of whom was James Madison, who was the fourth president, to measure as many animals as they
 could. And so what they did is they went out, found a load of American animals, including
 a weasel, and sent back all the precise measurements of all these animals. And one of them was the
 distance, which I explained earlier. Yeah. And he was, he was so pissed off that this
 guy had said this because he, the insinuation was if any European animals went over there,
 they would sort of regress once they were there and just sort of shrivel and get smaller
 as the generations went on. But the implication was also that American people would be like
 that as well. So that American people would be much more small and insipid than Europeans.
 And why? Because it was damp. Because it was damp. Because it was. I'm going to say as
 well, as someone from the north, just because it's damp. Bufont, who was a brilliant guy,
 I'm hoping to talk about him in a bit, but he was an amazing guy. But he claimed that
 anywhere in North America, if you dug down by two feet, the ground would be frozen. He
 was incorrect about this. He was hugely incorrect about it. But it basically, there was this
 theory which they referred to as New World Degeneracy. Kind of the idea was lots of old
 European countries, they're more aristocratically run. America was, it liked to think of itself
 as being founded on more egalitarian lines or more democratic lines and not needing a
 nobility class. And so they wanted to find scientific underpinning for that, that America
 was a kind of- Did they want to kind of cast aspersions on it so that people weren't attracted
 to going there? I think this guy was just a bit of a curious cookie, right? He sort of
 had lots of theories before. He had lots of theories about the age of the earth. He just
 was building up these theories. And it's just so great that Jefferson was so pissed off.
 And there was a lot going on at this time. And he was like, I need measurements of animals
 and all these guys who are about to change America are suddenly out there measuring Weasel's
 anus' devolvers. The report came back and he presented it to Buffon and he said, look
 at it, our bears are 410 pounds. Yours are 153 here in Europe. We've got 12 pound otters.
 Your otters are terrible compared to our otters. All this sort of stuff. And he was like, and
 don't get me started on the moose. Our moose are massive. And he's like, Buffon was like,
 you kind of massive moose over there, surely not. He was like, mate, it's huge. Our moose
 are so big, your reindeers walk under them. That's how big they are. And he didn't believe
 him. So then Jefferson writes back to the guys again and says, send me a fucking moose.
 And they have to go out and find a moose and send it. And they do. They did. Yeah. And
 it was rubbish when it turned up because it had been taken months to find it, dry it,
 skin it, debone it, whatever you do with the moose, you know, you had to. I have a lot
 of questions about how they measured the animals. Did they anesthetize them? And if so, did
 they have anaesthetic? I'm afraid they might have not always been alive. The animals by
 the time they were, yeah, especially the weasels. I feel very naive. Yeah. I'm like, how did
 they hold them nicely and safely while they measured from their anus to their vulva? And
 a weasel as well, which will be quite, quite fidgety. That I have to say, you've just brought
 up a great time travel destination point. Imagine going back in history, landing and
 watch Madison measuring the anus to vulva, the weasel. The other thing is Madison was
 famously very slight, wasn't he? Oh, yeah. He's really, really smallest president there
 was. He was five. Are you about to speculate on the distance, but from the anus? Oh, wow.
 Is that where you're going? I wasn't going to go there. All right. My mistake. He could
 overpower a weasel. He could walk underneath a moose. Interesting. But it would have been
 funnier to see him wrestling with a weasel than a blinker, for instance, who's a big
 man, I would say. That's true. James Madison was five foot four and he weighed just under
 a hundred pounds. It's about the same as Mila Kunis when she was in black swan, if that
 helps. It does help. Small. Small. Yeah. Was he maybe the shortest president? He was the
 shortest, but quite a bit. It's about a few inches. Yeah. Although he sounds like a great
 guy too. Oh, yeah. I mean, all these people sound like really interesting guys. Yeah. May
 I tell you something about more about Jefferson's letters? Oh, yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So in 1787,
 the same Thomas Jefferson wrote a letter to Peter Carr, his nephew, but he said, if you
 don't get married, do have affairs with women. Oh no. Oh my God. Sorry. I'm getting my facts
 mixed up. Hang on. No. Can I erase that on the tape? Who's doing the tape? The gossip
 is about to turn to slander. Right. Benjamin Franklin, not Jefferson. Benjamin Franklin,
 advised a young man to have sex with older women, not younger women. Okay. And he really
 set out all of the reasons why. Okay. Better conversation. More. I hope someone's going
 to worry for all of these. More even tempered. Yeah. Rather darkly, no risk of children accidentally.
 Okay. More sexually experienced. You'll love this if there's any older women in the crowd.
 I am loving this one. He said, you might as well because if covering all above with a
 basket and regarding only what is below the girdle, it's impossible of two women to know
 an old one from a young one. Wow. Covering all above with a basket. Yeah. And his final
 reason was that eighthly and lastly, they're so grateful. Wow. Thanks, Ben Franklin. Well,
 you can see why I married my 90 year old wife now. Wasn't just for the pillow table. Wow.
 That's quite something. Franklin. Yeah. Yeah. Wow. Who's got a basket that big? Like a laundry
 basket. I imagined a laundry basket. Oh yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I could probably fit
 myself, my entire self in my laundry basket. Sorry. I'm boastful. I'd have to tuck, but
 tuck myself up. Sorry, just for the take. Jesus Christ. We're all here, Andy. We can
 all hear what you're saying. I refuse to believe that. Can I talk about either Madison or
 Buffon? Please talk about anything else. Okay. Let's talk about just a couple more things
 on Madison because we were talking about before. He was a very significant president who gets
 kind of a bit overlooked because he was what fourth in the running orders. So, you know,
 everyone knows about George Washington and John Adams and blah, blah, blah. Madison was
 president during the War of 1812, which is when the British invaded and torched the White
 House. Yeah. And he had to flee at the time. He was actually in residence at the time.
 He was the last person alive who signed the Constitution, which is quite something for
 some years. And he died in 1836. He was 85 years old at the time. And it was late June,
 right? Late June, he's dying. He's 85. And his doctor says, you know what we could do?
 We could give you some crazy drugs that will keep you alive until the 4th of July, which
 is Independence Day. Oh yeah. Because at that point, three previous presidents had all died
 on the 4th of July. And the doctor basically said, want to make it four? We can, you know...
 Yeah, yeah. Did he not think, why don't you just keep giving me those crazy drugs for
 longer than that? Well, yes, that is a really good point. I think they were kind of very
 last resort. Yeah, they were. Stimulus things. And he, to his great credit, said, you know
 what, I'm okay. When I die, I die. And he died on the 28th of June. Yeah. But his doctor
 was the same one who took care of Jefferson, who did die on the 4th of July. So maybe they
 missed that. Well, I don't know. Yeah, they might have done it better as well. I tell you
 the thing, because I think this relates to what you took about Jefferson that I accidentally
 started earlier. Oh yeah. And this is about Thomas Jefferson now. In 1787, he was writing
 to his nephew. And I just found it interesting what you're talking about, signing the Constitution
 and what Americans think of themselves, and that Jefferson was actually pretty much a
 skeptic, really interrogated the Bible, and believed in constantly questioning what said
 in the Bible, you know, and he said, "Shake off all the fears and servile prejudices under
 which weak minds are servilely crouched." In other words, saying that his nephew shouldn't
 be afraid to question the text of the Bible. And he even questioned the existence of God,
 saying, "Question with boldness even the existence of a God, because if there be one, he must
 approve of the homage of reason rather than that blindfolded fear." So that's quite
 cool. Yeah. And thirdly, get yourself a really big wicker basket, and that's what we're
 going to do with that. Buffon did that as well, didn't he? He was, they're all enlightenment
 people, weren't they? And they were questioning what was in the Bible and stuff like that.
 Buffon was kind of the Aristotle of his day, in that he hoovered up a huge amount of information
 and turned it into, I think it was 44 volumes, the work he produced. It was absolutely mega.
 There's another experiment he did. He wanted to see how old the Earth was at the time,
 quite controversial to say it would be more than several thousand years old. So he heated
 up balls of iron until they were white hot, right? And then he saw how long they took
 to cool down, and then he just scaled up to the size of the Earth and said, "Well, that
 must be how long the Earth took to cool down after it was a ball of molten iron." It's
 a good idea. He assessed 75,000 years, obviously flat wrong, but privately, privately he thought
 it was more like three million, which is also still several orders of magnitude wrong. But
 he's getting there. It's getting closer. And he partly went with the lower number because
 he thought it would be more acceptable to the church, and he had to preface it with
 an introduction saying, "Obviously, this is just a crazy thought experiment I've done."
 He was still doing the work. The important thing is that he was questioning these things
 that have been passed down, all those things.
 It sounds like Pliny saying Aristotle, but yeah, he's got an encyclopedia of plans.
 Pliny's the one I meant. Sorry, Pliny's the one I meant.
 Oh, Pliny is the one that you meant. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just sort of like, I reckon if
 I'd lived in that time, even with the kind of modern day intelligence that I have, please.
 What's the end of that sentence? Well, I definitely would have been like, he's right.
 Yeah. Are you saying, if you were teleported back
 now, having done this podcast for nine years, and we've talked about Pliny and how wrong
 he was about everything, like how women have four teeth and all these mad claims he made,
 you'd be like, "Cool, sounds legit. Okay. I think you could be Pliny. I would dethrone
 Pliny if I were you. If you end up in this crazy situation, I would do it."
 He also, like, it's really weird because he was very obsessed with how American animals
 were very, not superior. Just wanted to make the point that they were not weak.
 So this is Jefferson. Sorry, back to Jefferson, that there were
 bigger animals. The author was bigger and so on. But he did also love European animals,
 and he brought dogs back to Virginia, a shepherd dog. And interestingly, it's a kind of dog
 that historians can't quite agree on of what it was. So he was in Paris. He went out miles
 into a storm one night to try and find one, because he'd heard rumors of where one was.
 And he eventually found a pregnant one, and he brought it back to Virginia. And he was
 so excited, and he was breeding these dogs. And then something, and again, it's slightly
 murky, what happened, just went wrong. And he got rid of the dogs, and he had all his
 dogs executed, and he just turned into someone who hated dogs for the rest of his life.
 Executed is a strong word. Well, it's the right word.
 The vet doesn't come in and say, "I'm going to have to execute your dog." Sorry.
 We've assembled the firing squad. I'm sorry I didn't fluff it up for you.
 And then what happened is, he had all of them move to a farm where they had wonderful lives.
 Of course we'll blindfold your goldfish, Mrs Prescott.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is my fact. My fact this week is that
 during the Second World War, Steinway parachuted pianos into battlefields. So this was a morale
 thing where they thought, "We need to make this a bit more cheery, this whole World War
 II thing." And why not get a bunch of, because music is such a great thing to raise spirits
 and so on. And at this point, Steinway was put under restrictions by the government because
 they couldn't use lots of medals. And so during the war effort, they were making coffins,
 unfortunately, but they were also making random bits and pieces. And then they hit upon the
 idea of making a portable piano, a tall standing piano, that they could just parachute out
 of planes into battlefields. And 3,000 were dropped off over the course of the war, landed
 safely. And there's so many stories of these pianos being played by the troops as they
 were gathering around and stuff. It's a lovely idea, but you know that some assholes banging
 out Wonderwall at 3 a.m. It's always that guy.
 Yeah, so they were known as victory verticals and they weren't just used for parachuting
 into the battlefield. They were put into submarines as well, which is a really interesting thing
 because in order to get them into a submarine, you need the submarine not to be shut first
 as in entirely encased, right?
 Not build.
 Yeah, it's like during the building process, you have to put it in. And so once they're
 in, they're stuck in there. And going forward just a bit, there is a ship which is called
 the USS Thomas Edison, which is the only submarine rather, which has an actual Steinway,
 like a proper grand piano style Steinway, and they can't take it out. It was in there
 for 22 years.
 Imagine being on a submarine with a guy who's brought his grade one book. I'm going to be
 learning actually for the next nine months. These are victory verticals. They just sound
 so cool. And they're so interesting. They were painted. Oh, DGI, Olive Drab, government
 issue because they were painted dark green. And they could, they had no legs because that
 might not survive the parachute drop. And the history of Steinway during the war is
 so mad because Steinway was a German American company. Founders were German, still had a
 factory in Germany, had a factory in New York as well. And both sides demanded different
 things of Steinway. So in Germany, they were suspected of being a Jewish company, and they
 had to deny that and, you know, sort of prove that they weren't. And in America, they were
 suspected of being Nazis because they were called Steinway. So they had this terrible
 time and they had to hang American flags all over their buildings, kind of show that we
 are, you know, we're patriotic. And this is the weird thing. Both separate halves of
 the company made planes, wooden planes for the war effort for the side they were in.
 Oh, my God. German Steinways were making decoy planes to be bombed. The American Steinways
 were making gliders, which were real planes, but they were wood. They were very light and
 feels like both sides could have gotten together and just said, you know what, let's just cross
 this line out of the exactly just like completely disregard this. Yeah. And so they made these
 incredibly powerful gliders because gliders were an incredibly amazing tool for getting
 past enemy defenses and landing soldiers. Right. So the first one they built, they tested,
 they loaded it with a ton of stuff and then it got towed behind another plane because
 that's how you get a glider somewhere. It got towed three and a half thousand miles
 from Montreal to Britain in one day. And this was just the test flight to see if the gliders
 worked and it contained vaccines for Russia, military equipment for the free French parts
 for some bomber planes and a bunch of bananas for the pilot's family in London. Very sweet.
 Yeah. They made, they made over a thousand during the war. These gliders, the American
 Steinways. Yeah. That's amazing. Very weird. These pianos, obviously, because it's a war,
 you don't have all of the stuff that you can normally make pianos out of, right? So they
 use a lot less metal that you get in a normal piano. Instead of the copper strings, they
 use soft iron strings. Instead of ivory keys that they couldn't get, they use celluloid.
 And the thing is with celluloid is if you bang it, it explodes, which must have been, you
 know, if you're really doing a proper rack-running off sort of slam on your keys, it takes a
 whole new meaning to a banger on the piano. Do you know the White House has a Steinway?
 Did they? Yeah. And it is tiny. It's about, it's like this big. What? It's a really tiny
 Steinway. It's a, wait, we should say for the people at home, you were doing like a sort
 of six inch high. Yeah. I, do you know what I am? Then what it looked like a massive idiot.
 You know, when you have a scale, and I just can't remember how to pronounce the scale,
 but it's one piano scale. No, not the piano scale, the size scale. So it's one, one,
 two, to seven. Yeah. So it's one to seven. So it's a seven to size. Yeah. Exactly. That's
 a good way of saying it. So it's a seven to the size of a proper Steinway. And you nearly
 look like an idiot there, Dan, but you sort of sweat. That's bigger than that then. Um,
 because the Steinway is massive. So couple of feet, couple of feet each way. Yeah. Maybe.
 Yeah. Again, I was doing the hand size, knowing that the audience at home couldn't see what
 I was doing. So who was it? Who was it for? Well, it's for the White House. And it's a
 replica of a, of a Steinway that they did actually have and which has now been moved
 into a museum. So this guy who's an artist who created it, spent 16 years basically conceiving,
 creating, building it and making sure that it functions exactly like a Steinway of regular
 size. And even to the point, this is how sort of obsessed he was about doing it, that when
 he was making the actual pieces themselves, because there's so many pieces, there's something
 like 12,000 pieces that go into a Steinway. He even made tiny versions of the machines
 that make the bigger pieces to then make the tiny pieces from in order to produce the Steinway.
 You're looking very skeptical here. Rachel, at some point, you have to ask why? Yeah.
 Why not just make a Steinway? It's easier to play. Yeah. You'd have to play this one
 with little chopstick fingers, you know, with little like sticks. Oh, that'd be great though.
 When you played the chopsticks. Yeah. Yeah. No, that's, that exists. That is fascinating.
 You know, think, you know that thing of getting your piano dropped on your head? In cartoons.
 In cartoons. Yeah. There is a place in the world where that happens for real every year.
 What? What do you mean? So MIT, the American University, they have a tradition every year,
 the piano drop, where they drop a piano off the roof. But not onto someone's head. Yes,
 onto someone's head. It's whoever comes last in the class each year. You'd say executed,
 I guess, by, no, they don't. They're really, really careful about, obviously. But since
 1972, they had this broken piano. They wanted to get rid of it somehow. It's just a bunch
 of students at this point. And they wanted to push it out of their window because that
 would be crazy and fun for their students. And then they read the rules and they found
 out, oh, you can't, you can't throw things out of your window. But then, because they're
 students, they read the rules really closely, they found out there's no rule against pushing
 it off the roof. Just out of your window, that's not allowed. But off the roof, not
 in the rules. So they did it. And half a century on now, they are still doing it. And they're
 very tight on security and they, you know, everyone closes their windows and they in
 fact do even more than that in terms of security. Yeah. And sometimes they fill it with sweets
 or confetti. Yeah. They stopped during COVID, didn't they? And then they started again last
 year. I guess the piano was full of COVID.
 They filled it with sweets like a sort of pinionioata. There we go. Pianionianata. It
 almost works. It almost works.
 We should say it's always a broken piano. It's never them just trashing a functioning piano.
 It's always a broken piano that can't be mended. Okay. Yeah, yeah.
 This is kind of a common thing in America, isn't it? Or relatively common. Not as common
 as McDonald's.
 What, chugging pianos off a roof?
 Yeah, dropping pianos. You kind of, once you start googling it, you're like, well, this
 happens way more often than I thought. So the first one I think that I found anyway
 was in 1968. And what happened was there were two musicians and they were driving a van
 and there was a piano in the back of it and the piano actually accidentally fell out and
 they thought it kind of made quite a nice sound. And they thought, well, what if we did
 that but we dropped it from a helicopter? It'll make an even better sound. And so as
 a benefit for a radio station that they decided to drop this piano from a helicopter. And yeah,
 they did it. And they got 3,000 people there. They all paid to watch. At one stage, a dog
 ran directly underneath the piano and sort of yapped around and the guy on the microphone
 said asked everyone to whistle. And so everyone in the area whistled and then the dog sort
 of went, oh, what's that? And ran off again.
 Yeah, okay.
 Don't know how that works. But that's what happened. And they dropped the piano and it
 made a big old noise but not nearly as nice a noise as they wanted. Turned out that it
 didn't sound that good, but they made a lot of money anyway.
 That sounds like something men would do, doesn't it? I don't want a stereotype. So they dropped
 it a tiny amount and it made a magical sound. And then instead of going, that was nice, let's
 do that again or do something really creative, they were like, let's drop it from a fucking
 helicopter so that it does a massive smash. And of course that doesn't make as good a
 sound.
 I was just thinking, I wonder if we could do that.
 We do need to move on to our final fact. It is time for our final fact of the show and
 that is Andy.
 My fact is that when filming E.T., Steven Spielberg kept E.T.'s puppeteers on the clock at lunch
 time so that six-year-old Drew Barrymore could eat with him so she kept believing he was real.
 It's such a nice fact. She asked for a scarf for him to keep him warm because he's got
 this very thin neck as an E.E.T. And actually they did adjust it. They adjusted the whole
 filming for the children. They shot the film in chronological order, in order of the script,
 which never happens because you're saving money here and you shoot these two scenes here,
 but it meant the children really believed it more. They were going back into the same
 world day after day. So it is kind of magical what they did.
 So I watched a bunch of interviews this morning. Drew Barrymore has her own chat show and there
 was the 40th anniversary of E.T. not too long ago and so all the cast members came back
 on to chat about it. And so she kept saying, you know, I knew it was definitely a fake
 thing and they were all going, absolutely. So what the thing was is that she was, during
 the breaks, during lunch, they'd sort of go, where's Drew? And Drew would just be sitting
 there just going, so what do you think about, and she was just chatting to this static model
 that was sitting there. And so the mother, who I believe her real name's Dee Dee, she
 went over to Steven Spielberg and said, I think she really believes that he's real.
 We should possibly do something about that. So Steven then hired two people who were part
 of the animatronic side. That was their job to basically sit there and just have the eyes
 roll whenever she said an anecdote and stuff like that. And she keeps denying it, but every
 single cast member says, no, you flat out believed that E.T. was real when you were five,
 six, however she was. And he was amazing. I've got it. So my sons and I have just started
 watching it again because they've just discovered it and you can buy these toys at the moment,
 which is so just a reminder of what E.T. looks like for everyone. E.T. it is. That's James
 Jesus. What? Have you even seen E.T.? Have you seen the movie? Maybe. Well, does that
 know what happens? Deliberately winding people up. Deliberately winding down up. I have seen
 E.T. I've watched it when it first came out when I was about three or four years old, I
 think. Nice. Right. So I don't remember anything about it. I believed it was all real. Yeah.
 He looked so real and that's the thing. The animatronic side of things were extraordinary.
 So if E.T. was static, just standing and doing the scene, there was like 120 different things
 that could happen to E.T. in that point. If he was using his hands, there was a woman
 who was a mime who would be laying underneath E.T. who had E.T. glove hands on and she would
 be doing all the movements while someone else was doing the voices and so on. Then you had
 three actors. One was a child who didn't have any legs. He was part of the main cast. He
 became their best friends. When E.T. is walking through the kitchen, he was the one who, walking
 on his hands inside the E.T. suit, was slamming into the fridge and falling over and stuff.
 Really? Yeah. So there were so many different elements
 that went into this one character. Do you know that the company that could have made E.T.
 was Columbia, right? And they said no to it. Okay. Like idiots. Why? Because it was the
 biggest film of all time. Did they say no? Oh, sorry, sorry. They ran surveys on it and
 the marketing department said, "It's got limited commercial appeal." I know. And so it went
 to Universal, right? And then Columbia had originally worked on it. So they got I think
 5% of the net profits. One executive from Columbia said that year, the year it came out, they
 made more money on E.T. where they got 5% of the net profits than on any of their own
 actual films. It was so huge. It really was. It was absolutely, it was monstrous, you know.
 Which is bad because Spielberg's massive at this point. He's just made Indiana Jones.
 He's made Indiana Jones. He's made Close Encounters of a Third Kind.
 Yes, he's made a load of bits. He's made, yeah, Jaws. Like the guy is, the guy is.
 This was meant to be his small film in between big films. And then it turns into the biggest
 film he's ever made. Speaking of, Harrison Ford was in E.T.
 Was he? Yeah, he got cut. But they filmed it. He was, he was Elliot's principal, school
 principal. And it ended up on the cutting room floor.
 That's ballsy directing as well. That's why Spielberg's a genius. Oh, thank you, Harrison.
 It hasn't really worked. Why did he cut him? I guess he was too famous for what?
 For time, I suppose. And when you think about the story, like it must have been a bit of
 an offshoot of the story. What would be mega distracting to see Indiana
 Jones in the middle of the E.T. film? Yeah, it's post Indiana Jones, right?
 Yeah, yeah. It was, it was the next film. So it would be odd, yeah.
 It would be, it would be really weird. Yeah, yeah.
 Because Henry Thomas, who's the kid who plays Elliot, which if, just for anyone here and
 anyone listening, if you haven't seen it, there is a clip online of him auditioning for
 the role of Elliot. It's one of the most heartwarming things ever, right?
 So awful and sad and beautiful. Yeah, it's when the, it's when the military
 are coming to try and take E.T. away from him. So you've just got a shot of him crying
 going, but I don't want to give him up. He's mine. It's really touching, really, really
 touching. And it's the best bit at the end where you just hear Spielberg off screen go,
 you got the job, kid. It's just, it's wonderful in that moment.
 That's the thing that got it. But he arrived for his audition with a bullwhip because he
 loved Indiana Jones so much. So he came as Indiana Jones.
 And he didn't, he didn't ever try to attack E.T. with it though.
 Yeah. Yeah, no, I saw, I was reading a biography of Spielberg and I got, there's an interpretation
 of E.T., which I might just share with you all if that's all right. There's a scientist
 who becomes friends with E.T., if you remember that. And, and, sorry, a friend of Elliot's
 and helps E.T. to get home. And all the way through the film, he has a bunch of keys hanging
 from his belt, right? That's a sort of key detail of him.
 And also Elliot's parents are divorced and it's a film about loneliness and being a child
 and, you know, being alone and finding a friend. And it's really, it's really touching. And
 Spielberg himself was from his, his parents got divorced. So it was kind of about himself
 as a child, very moving stuff. This is the interpretation from a critic called Andrew
 Saris about the scientist who befriends Elliot. Spielberg in the final sequence subtly implies
 a romantic pairing of keys. That's the scientist with Elliot's mother. And he puts them in
 shots together, but he doesn't spell it out. He doesn't have any dialogue. It just shows
 them together and lets you draw your own implications.
 Saris then writes, "Only children and Freudians can make the crucial connections between the
 telltale keys fondled near the crotch of the potential father figure and the displaced
 phallus represented by E.T. himself." Actually, looking at a model of E.T. here, I can't
 see that, I think. Blimey, James.
 I think you need to see a doctor, buddy. Yeah, isn't that the most insane thing you've ever
 heard?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I need to think about this. Are they suggesting the keys are like unlocking something?
 I think that might be the, yeah.
 Is that what it is?
 Okay.
 Well, I think the keys are the penis, but also E.T. is the penis.
 It's the penis.
 But that's what I mean. If the keys can't be the penis, can they? If E.T. is the penis?
 Well, I think for Freudians, a lot of it is the penis.
 Do you see what I mean? If I was back in time, I'm immediately bored into this Freudian
 thing.
 I think you're crowded with the Agora in ancient Greece. I say, "Sorry, what's the E.T. thing
 again?"
 Drew Barrymore. I'm a massive fan of Drew Barrymore's, and she comes from a dynasty
 of actors and producers and so on. She even Spielberg is her godfather. It's that kind
 of thing, right?
 And there's a story about her grandfather who was called John Barrymore. And when he
 died, he used to play poker with a lot of other actors. Earl Flynn, who was the Aussie
 turned American actor, a swashbuckling guy. W.C. Fields seemed to be one of the greatest
 silent comedians of all time. And there was another person who was seen as an anarchist
 that was their group, the four of them. Earl Flynn went to the morgue, stole John Barrymore,
 brought him to the house, and they all had one last game of poker together.
 No.
 Yeah, David Niven writes about this in his book, and Drew Barrymore was asked about
 it, and she confirmed that within the family that this absolutely is true. So they brought
 him there, sat him at the table at Dead John Barrymore. They played their game of poker,
 and then they returned him to the morgue when they were done. And Drew says she's even heard
 rumours that the movie Weekend of Bernies is based on the kidnapping of the dead body
 of John Barrymore.
 Wow.
 Yeah, pretty cool, eh?
 Good fact.
 I'd say if I die, I would love to be on one final episode of No Such Thing as a Fish.
 You'll be there ongoing. We'll just have you permanently.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Just sat there.
 Yeah, the listeners won't notice the difference.
 No, no, exactly.
 The Voice of E.T., I find that interesting. This was a woman called Pat Welsh. She'd been
 on a safari, and her photos had gotten mixed up with someone. And eventually, 20 years later,
 she got the film back, and she went to get it developed. And when she was getting it
 developed, she started speaking to the guy. And one of the people who was there was Ben
 Burt, who was the sound engineer. And he heard her voice and went, "You would be perfect
 for my alien."
 And she'd done a little bit of stuff before. She'd been like a soap opera actress on the
 radio and stuff, but she hadn't really done very much. But she just had the perfect...
 She'd smoked a lot of shit. That kind of... Yeah, exactly. But he took that, but he also
 added an extra load of stuff. So he took her voice, but added some raccoons, some sea otters,
 some horses, and a burp from his old cinema professor from USC. Oh, and his wife breathing
 when she had a cold. So he took all these things and mixed them together with her voice
 to make the E.T. Voice.
 So cool. There's a great story that I heard recently. I was really lucky. I met a hero
 recently, Dan Aykroyd, and he was telling me that when he was doing Temple of Doom,
 because Dan Aykroyd is in Temple of Doom.
 What?
 Yeah, in Indiana Jones' Temple of Doom.
 He plays the ball, doesn't he? The big ball.
 That's Raiders, but yeah, it's no worries.
 So it's an uncredited role in the movie, but you'll all remember the scene, possibly, at
 the very beginning of Temple of Doom. There's the big fight with Lao Chi inside the Chinese
 restaurant.
 The nightclub, yeah.
 And in order to get away, they go into a small plane, and he closes the door and he says,
 "Nice try, Lao Chi," and he closes the door and it says Lao Chi's name on it, so you
 know he's in trouble. Someone is talking to him to get him into the plane as they're
 walking down the runway. That is Dan Aykroyd. So when you watch that again, it's Dan Aykroyd.
 So he was on set with them, and he needed to get back to the set of Ghostbusters, which
 they were filming at the time. So he said, "Steven, I'm going to head off." He needed
 to get there quick. He saw a bicycle just hanging around, gets the bicycle, it's got
 a basket and the fries.
 It goes up.
 And he flew in the sky. No, Andy!
 No, but it later transpired that the bike that he'd taken was Elliot's bike.
 I don't want to get all Freudian, and I don't really know much about this movie, but is
 he gets into a big wicker basket, does he?
 The thing is with extraterrestrials, as long as the basket is big enough, you can't tell
 the difference.
 That is it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If you would like
 to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the course of
 this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts. I'm on at Shriverland, James.
 At James Harkin.
 Andy.
 At Andrew Hunter M.
 And Rach.
 At Rachael Paris.
 And I know it's not called Twitter, but I'm not going to say the new fucking stupid name.
 Or you can get us on our group account, which is @NoSuchThing, or you can go to our website
 @NoSuchThing as a fish.com. All of our previous episodes are up there, so do please check them
 out. Otherwise, come back next week. We'll be back with another episode. Thank you so
 much, Soho Theatre, for staying this late with us. We really appreciate it. We'll see
 you again. Goodbye.
 Bye.
 [Applause]
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
