 Hello and welcome to the last episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish Presents International
 Fact Ball", the only football podcast out there that makes absolutely no mention of
 football whatsoever.
 Brought to you by the QILVs in association with visitinglyn.com.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Anarch Zinski, Alex Bell, and James Harkin.
 And here for the final time, the last two countries, it is South Korea vs Ghana.
 And let's begin with South Korea.
 Okay, I have something which is unfortunately slightly about football.
 Well it's the last one we can mention football, I guess.
 As we have in every other one.
 Yeah, wow.
 Our game are rules.
 Yeah.
 I got sent this fact by a guy on Twitter @elison11.
 And he told me that the lowest paid footballer in this World Cup is Lee Cune Ho, who earns
 only $150 a month in the South Korean army.
 Wow.
 Yeah, so compare that with Cristiano Ronaldo or Lena Messi.
 That's so weird.
 It's like part of army training.
 I don't get it.
 Well, it's like government service, it's service for your country, on the football field instead
 of on the battlefield.
 So they're really looking on this as war.
 This is a popular war.
 South Korea right now are in war.
 Yeah.
 Do you guys remember an incident at the end of last year between North and South Korea where
 there was a little escalating of tensions and North Korea sent a fax to South Korea when
 the tensions are escalating, threatening, merciless attack without notice.
 I just really like the idea that war has been declared via fax.
 By a fax machine.
 By a fax machine.
 Yeah.
 Phil Collins supposedly dumped his wife by fax.
 Did he?
 Apparently.
 I don't know if that's true, but it's just one of those fax toides that you hear every
 now and then.
 I always assume that South Korea were the slightly more sensible ones when it came to things
 like faxing and that you would have seen that North Korea would always start things.
 But in between North and South Korea there's the demilitarized zone and inside that there's
 a place called the Truce Village which is where the two sort of diplomatic parties from
 North and South Korea meet up to have negotiations and conferences and there was one negotiation
 period where they were both there and the night before one of the conferences South Korea's
 delegation snuck into one of the Truce tents and sawed all the legs down on the chairs
 of the North Korea inside the table so that they would be sitting lower and they had to
 sit lower in the meeting.
 So the North Koreans then left because they got really annoyed at this.
 And the next day then South Korea then brought their flag along to the table and put their
 flag, a little flag on the table which really pissed off the North Koreans again.
 So the next day the North Koreans brought their own flag that was slightly bigger and this
 kept on going and they kept bringing bigger and bigger flags until they had to organize
 a special meeting to deal with the problem of the flags because they were getting too
 big to fit inside the tent.
 That's incredible.
 I like the idea of them getting pissed off enough that they go back to Kim Jong-un like
 you need to send a fax.
 I read a thing about Valentine's Day in South Korea.
 So Valentine's Day celebrated on the same day February 14th but instead of it being a sort
 of a mutual gift giving process, basically it's all about the women giving presents to
 the men to show how much they love each other.
 But then the month after in March 14th, which is called White Day, the man has to then
 reciprocate with the present.
 It's like another Valentine's Day but the rule is that whatever present was bought for him,
 the present he then buys back for the person he loves has to be three times the amount in
 cash.
 Oh, wow.
 So if you make a real profit.
 Exactly.
 If you bought something quite expensive, the guy's probably going, "Jesus Christ, am I going
 to afford this?"
 Actually, it's really interesting.
 The 14th of every month seems to be an event for them.
 So as well as White Day and Valentine's Day on the 14th of December, it's Hug Day.
 On the 14th of June, it's Kiss Day, very self-explanatory.
 It encourages you to kiss people, encourages you to hug people.
 On the 14th of January, it's Diary Day.
 You would think it'd be on the 1st of January?
 It's a bit late, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 Diary Day should be in December, really.
 And then in April, it's Black Day and that's when single people mourn their lack of love
 by eating.
 And also, I think the single people probably don't feel great on the Hug Day or Kiss Day,
 either.
 It's quite common for Korean men to wear makeup as well.
 I like that.
 That's great.
 Because in the past, I've done, I mean, James, you were on only Connect.
 I don't know if they require basic touch-ups in makeup.
 Yeah, we're going to be on only Connect in the autumn and yeah, we had to wear makeup for
 that.
 Yeah, and I've done a few TV things where they put on makeup and it's amazing.
 Makeup, Alex, I highly recommend makeup.
 Yeah, I think 20% of South Korean men wear makeup apparently and there was a quote from
 someone who works in the makeup industry in South Korea recently who said, "I think
 a lot of Korean guys get into this kind of thing while doing their military service."
 Which seems a really bizarre place to get into putting on makeup.
 Which is why on the football field, Leaky Unho is wearing lipstick and mascara.
 They have a lot of plastic surgeons in South Korea and their plastic surgeons are so good
 that people going over from Japan and China go back over but the passports don't look the
 same as what they look like after the plastic surgery and so they need to get special
 certificates from the plastic surgeons to say that they've had the surgery.
 That's amazing.
 Wow.
 On plastic surgery, there's a kind of surgery pioneered by South Koreans called smile-lipped.
 You guys see that?
 Look it up.
 It's so disgusting.
 They make incisions in either corner of your mouth so you have a permanent smile and it's
 really grotesque but South Korean women are getting quite into it.
 Yeah.
 Just on technology with South Korea because I think they are actually kind of leading the
 way in their attitude as well towards technology.
 Well they have 5G there now.
 Exactly.
 You can download a whole movie in less than one minute.
 No.
 Oh my god.
 That is speeding.
 That is fungerously.
 Why do they still using fags machines?
 They have this new thing on buses that Duncan Donuts has been doing so they'll play radio
 out, allowed on the buses and any time that there's a Duncan Donuts jingle, it sets off
 a little spray which is in the bus, that sprays the smell of Duncan Donuts.
 So it's a smell accompaniment to the advert, the jingle that they're hearing and they've
 found as a result of this they had an increase in sales of 16% of Duncan Donuts.
 Now they're not doing this worldwide but they are still doing it in South Korea.
 You've mentioned Duncan Donuts quite a lot of times in that last sentence as well and
 we are hoping for delivery.
 I am hoping for it.
 Another thing they're really in two food wise spam, super into spam, that was the second
 largest consumer of spam and it's traditionally in Korea on their annual lunar Thanksgiving holiday
 to go and visit family and to pay your respects, you give and receive packaged cans of spam.
 I think the highest eaters of spam are Guam, just off the top of my head although Hawaii eats
 a lot as well.
 They eat it off the top of your head.
 Okay we're going to have to wrap up on South Korea, half time whistles on its way to see the
 referee pulling it out of the pocket.
 So if we've got any final facts, let's try and get them in quickly.
 More than half of all Koreans are called Kim Lee, Park Choi, or Jung.
 There's a penis park, it's very odd, there's a mythology behind it, but if you actually,
 if you Google penis park, Google penis park South Korea and you will see these giant
 penises, it's a public park.
 As I've just said, one of the most popular surnames in Korea is Park.
 So I imagine penis park is quite an insult to quite a few people.
 As the whistle told you was coming, half time has arrived and before we head off to the second
 half of our match, we are going to now do our half time show, which comes in the form
 of a QI quiz sponsored by VisitEngland.com.
 So we've got three questions for this half time show, we're going to start with Alex.
 What have you got?
 My question is, under the rule of Henry VIII, if you were convicted of poisoning someone
 deliberately, how were you punished?
 James?
 My question is, other than the Bible, what was the most popular book in 16th century England?
 Okay, and Anna.
 My question is, so Dublin is obviously a city in Ireland, but there's a town in England
 that has the exact same name, but in a different language.
 What is that town?
 You know, right?
 I do know, yes.
 James knows it.
 Okay.
 From my neck of the woods.
 Oh, yeah.
 So it's Bolton.
 Not quite Bolton.
 Not quite Bolton.
 Okay, well, if you want to find out the answers to those questions, you're going to have
 to stay tuned to the rest of the podcast where we will be revealing them at the end, but
 in the meantime, it is time to get back to our match and making their way to the field.
 It's Ghana.
 I've got a fact that I like.
 The world record for running 100 meters is held by a man from Ghana.
 No.
 Well, you've mistaken running forwards.
 Could I just assume that?
 The 100-meter running backwards record is held by a Ghanaian called Ferdi Alto Abobo, and
 he set the record in 13.6 seconds, and he was actually matched in the 100 meters by
 someone, but I believe he still owns the 100 yards record, and it's actually turned into
 a massive thing, the whole idea of the backwards Olympics as such.
 I'd like to see the backwards javelin where you have to catch it.
 Yeah, that's a lovely idea.
 It's being picked up by a lot of people, John Voit, who's the father of Angelina Jolie.
 He thinks that reverse running helps you clear your head.
 This guy, this Ghanaian guy, has set an absolute trend around the world.
 Everyone's picking up on it.
 But I thought Ghana was quite progressive, but that's pretty backwards, isn't it?
 Oh, goodness.
 Goodness.
 Yeah, there's only one word from Ghana that we've adopted into the English language.
 Okay.
 What would that be?
 It is...
 I know what it is.
 Oh, say.
 Corsica.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 What?
 Yeah, we always talk about Corsica.
 You know, oh, Corsica.
 Corsica.
 Corsica.
 It's protein deficiency, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 I think it's the one where you get the really swollen stomach.
 Oh, I've never heard that word before.
 It's the only word that's made it into the English language.
 Here's a word that we should get from Ghanaian.
 Yeah.
 This is from the Booly language in Ghana.
 The word is polinty, and it means to move hot food around your mouth.
 So it's like, if you eat something, which is a little bit too hot, and you go, "Oh, ah!"
 That's great.
 Yeah, it's good words.
 That's a very good word, yeah.
 Speaking of words and naming things, conjunctivitis in bits of Ghana is known as Apollo,
 because it started breaking out in 1969 when Moonlinings took place, and so there was just a connection
 there.
 Maybe a few people believed it was connected, but mainly it was just a tradition, but it's
 called Apollo.
 Yeah, that's very cool.
 That's a good fact.
 Yeah.
 I found this in the QI database, which is known as Squire.
 Stools are sacred to the Ashanti, and the Ashanti itself, Ghana.
 What?
 Alex was thinking of the other version of the word stool.
 I'm talking about chairs.
 I'm talking about chairs.
 Yeah, yeah.
 No, according to legend, the first king of the Ashanti witnessed a golden stool coming
 down from the sky.
 Well, now that you've put that on the chair.
 It came from a cloud of white dust, landed on his knees.
 At the coronation, the Ashanti king was lifted up over the stool, but you're never allowed
 to sit on the stool.
 In fact, the stool itself has a stool that it sits on.
 I think, if memory serves, there was a bit of a wall, wasn't there, because the English
 stole the stool or something?
 Oh, my God.
 I don't know.
 Someone will have to Google that.
 Speaking of stool, there's a can sauce in Ghana called Shaito.
 Nice.
 And they have pea beer as well.
 Peek-peek.
 Apparently, it looks like pea tastes like pea, and it should be served at room temperature.
 I really like the story that Gordon Brown re-told, and we don't ever spoke of it, but when
 Nixon went to visit Ghana on Ghana in Independence Day in 1957, he was going around congratulating
 all the Ghanaians, being like, oh, well done, you guys, you're free now.
 Congratulations on the Yoke of Colonialism, and the first person he spoke to you to say,
 how does it feel to be free?
 He responded, saying, how would I know?
 I come from Alabama.
 I think there's an awkward moment in his presidency.
 Well, Shirley Temple was the US ambassador to Ghana between 1974 and 1977.
 Oh, shit.
 Yeah.
 And Czechoslovakia.
 Yeah.
 Fetish pre-stess is quite a big thing in Ghana, or I think.
 And it's like a modern-day oracle, so you go to visit your fetish pre-stess.
 And there's a person who serves the mediator between the spirit and the living.
 And so you go to ask them to do you magical spiritual favors, or they can also cast curses
 on you.
 Yeah, we had that on QI.
 We did a question about West Africa, and we asked one of the picture guys to go to the
 shop and buy some fetish items, and we meant, like, things used in, like, witch-doctory.
 But that's not what he came back with.
 And that episode's now going to be in the pee-for-porn series, coming up in a few years'
 time.
 Okay, final facts.
 Before the final whistle of the whole series.
 Yeah.
 The final, final whistle.
 And I really like the guard tribe, the coastal guard tribe in Ghana.
 When you die, you have a funeral earner or a coffin that represents how you lived or something
 about your character, or, and they're awesome, and it's a big industry, so you get coffins
 in the shape of all-nate fish, or, like, a car coffin if you love to race cars.
 Giant mobile phone, I think.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, definitely.
 I would definitely recommend people Google, Ghanaian coffins, because the pictures are amazing.
 In 2009, a 29-year-old Ghanaian woman married her dog.
 She was called Miss Marbu, and she said, "For so long, I've been praying for a life partner
 who will have all the qualities of my dad."
 My dad was kind, faithful, and loyal to my mom, and he never let her down.
 I've been in relationships with so many men, and they're all the same.
 My dog is kind and loyal to me.
 He treats me with so much respect.
 My dad also had four legs and used to shit on the carpet.
 [laughter]
 All right, that's the end of our match.
 Both good efforts from both sides.
 But before we find out who has won the match, why don't we get the answers to that visitingland.com quiz?
 Three questions, starting with you, Alex.
 My question was, under the rule of Henry VIII, if you were convicted of poisoning someone's
 liberally, how are you punished, and the answer is you were boiled alive.
 In just a big pot?
 I don't know.
 I imagine so, yeah.
 I think it was a big pot, yeah.
 Was that served up as like a side dish?
 Yeah, I didn't know if you were in a stew or whether it was just water.
 Yeah.
 I think it was oil.
 Oil.
 Oh, my God.
 Okay, James.
 Okay, my question was, what was the best-selling book other than the Bible in 16th century England?
 And it was a book by Dutch philosopher Erasmus called On Civility in Children.
 And it was a book telling children how to behave like the Dutch.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Great.
 And Anna, last question.
 I think my question was something along the lines of, so Dublin, the Irish city, there's
 an English town with the same name, but in a different language.
 And that is because Dublin in Irish means black pool.
 Ah!
 Black pool.
 Okay, cool.
 There you go.
 Okay, so that's the, there's the answers to our quiz.
 Sadly, no prizes there.
 If you've got any of those right, however, if you do go over to visitingland.com, there
 are a bunch of QI goodies, including caps and t-shirts and books.
 And if you do win, send us a photo, someone sent us a photo of the prize that they got.
 And, you know, we just, we'd like to look at it.
 So yeah, so head over there if you want to, if you want to win a prize.
 But now it's time to find out who was won this final match in our international factball
 and I'm going to go with Anna for you to make the decision.
 I am going to go with Ghana so that I can be buried in a cool coffin.
 Okay.
 So that's it.
 Ghana has won this final bout in our international factball competition and that's it.
 That's us done.
 That's all the teams who've been playing in that alternative football competition that's
 been going on.
 I believe it's called the World Cup.
 And that leaves us just with the final words.
 You can contact us on our Twitter handles.
 You can get me on @Sriberland, Alex @AlexBell_James @Xshaped and Anna.
 I will be tweeting my fax number from @Quickipedia because I'll be there.
 And so that's it.
 Now, this is the last in our international factball.
 However, we are going to be doing one special final episode in which we actually talk about
 football.
 Only the interesting things about football, right?
 Only the interesting things.
 We're not going to be debating the relative merits of Messi and it's going to be the no such
 thing as a fish take on football.
 And we're going to be joined by special guests, the founder of QI, John Lloyd, who knows
 even less about football than we do.
 That's very exciting.
 But we will see you again tomorrow when we go back to our regular no such thing as a fish
 podcast.
 Four of our favorite facts that we've learned from the last seven days.
 So tune in for that.
