 (upbeat music)
 - Hey, Clubfish members.
 Welcome to your bonus bit of content for this week.
 We've got a bit of a preamble,
 but this is an exciting preamble.
 So don't skip forward,
 'cause you'll miss out on some secret Clubfish information.
 Anna?
 - Yes, we have something to offer you
 as our extra special, most valued customers.
 And that is access to our tour.
 We're hitting the road.
 We are gonna be traveling around,
 performing our podcast in anywhere that will take us.
 - That's right.
 We are starting in September,
 going all the way through to November,
 and the tour will begin in Edinburgh,
 where we're just gonna do a live podcast recording,
 then the full first and second half
 in Bristol, Dublin, Glasgow, Newcastle, Cardiff, London,
 where we're gonna be playing The Drury Lane.
 An old, West End classic.
 And then we go to Manchester,
 and then it's over to the other side of the planet.
 - That's right.
 Suddenly we pop from Manchester to Adelaide in Australia.
 We're doing Perth, Brisbane, Sydney, Melbourne,
 and then over to Auckland, Wellington, and Christchurch.
 We're making an earth sandwich of our tour.
 It's gonna be the podcast in a second half,
 and there'll be a brand new first half just for you guys.
 So to get tickets and check out those dates,
 go to knowsuchthingasafish.com/fishtour,
 and then when you are on the booking website,
 and you click their link to get your ticket,
 type in the code FISHTOUR.
 Basically, if you need to remember anything at any point,
 it is FISHTOUR.
 - That's right.
 So the tickets are going on general sale
 on the 17th of May, but as a club fish member,
 you are gonna get access to them on the 14th of May.
 Three days, three whole days,
 in which to glance around the seating map,
 pick your best spot, and get yourself a ticket
 to our show.
 We're so excited.
 The show is called Thunder Nerds,
 and it's gonna be a kick-ass tour,
 and we hope to see you there.
 - We do indeed.
 Enjoy spending that three days on the seating map,
 knowsuchthingasafish.com/fishtour.
 - Now, let's get to the main event
 for this week's bonus episode and its compilation,
 but this ain't no normal compilation ghettos
 because we have some exciting guests
 who have appeared in the last few episodes
 joining us as part of these outtakes.
 So, as well as James and Anna and myself,
 you're gonna hear the voices of John Lloyd.
 You're gonna get mathematician and comedian Matt Parker.
 There's the QILs, Lydia and Alex, and then that's it.
 But that's a hell of a lift.
 - It sure is, and we promise that in this compilation,
 Dan does not use the words "aint" or "kiddos" again.
 So don't fear on that score.
 Okay, on with the show.
 - On with the bonus comp.
 - That thing you're saying, Anna, about saffron,
 'cause a lot of this, as you say, Spanish saffron
 is often adulterated.
 And in 2019, trading standards in West Sussex
 seized three-quarters of a million pounds worth
 of adulterated saffron.
 - Wow, this is one small jar.
 (laughing)
 - There's a huge lot of food cheating going on right now.
 Two of the things that often have passed off
 is fake belug caviar and fake perigour truffles
 supposedly from France, but actually from China.
 And what's interesting how it changes,
 'cause in the period we're talking about,
 the 14th century, beluga caviar was so plentiful.
 It was the food of the poor.
 It was like, "Only poor people ate fish eggs."
 And similarly, with truffles,
 in the 14th century, nobody ate truffles.
 Only wolves, badges, pigs, and rats.
 And they only became fashionable in the Renaissance.
 So now they were, you know--
 - Like lobster in America.
 - Yeah, the people who starved to death in the first year
 because they wouldn't eat the horrible lobsters.
 - You know the Titanic, the first class passengers,
 we know what they ate 'cause we have the menus.
 They had one dish which contained something from a sturgeon.
 Can you guess what it was?
 (laughing)
 - Well, not caviar.
 - Not caviar, no, it was like a special soup made
 from the marrow from the spine of a sturgeon.
 Which is like, it was like a Russian delicacy
 that they used to eat back then.
 We don't really eat it now.
 - You can't get much marrow out of the spine of a sturgeon.
 - That's so expensive.
 - Yeah.
 There's a big lead poisoning problem on Earth.
 And this is a particular thing in Bangladesh
 where there were loads of like deaths from lead poisoning.
 And it's often really hard to find out
 why people are dying of lead poisoning.
 What it is, is it materials they're using,
 is it stuff they're eating off, is it in the water?
 And in Bangladesh in the 2000s,
 I think about 2015, 2016,
 they found that the main cause of lead deaths
 was from contaminated turmeric.
 So people were adding lead chromate to turmeric
 and that makes it a bright color.
 And this is just a nice happy ending story
 because in 2019, almost 50% of turmeric there contained lead.
 And this is causing, you know, many thousands,
 probably tens of thousands of deaths.
 And in 2021, when they'd clamped down on it,
 naught percent of turmeric contained lead.
 So imagine how many lives would have been saved
 in Bangladesh.
 And lead poisoning worldwide,
 according to a Lancet study recently,
 causes more deaths per year than HIV, malaria,
 and car accidents combined.
 That's fascinating.
 Isn't that extraordinary?
 That is crazy.
 We don't read about it.
 The social cost of it is six trillion a year estimated,
 which is 7% of the world's GDP.
 Lead poisoning.
 What does that mean, the social cost, sorry?
 Like, how much GDP are losing
 from all these people basically dying?
 Oh, wow.
 Let's say you can't go into work
 'cause you've got lead poisoning.
 That's some GDP lost.
 Exactly.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And a good plausible excuse.
 Now you know how common it is.
 I used to, and pawpaw, which was,
 you must know pawpaw from Australia.
 And it was the red tube that you would have.
 It was kind of like an ointment
 that you would put on anything.
 Like, you know, it was usually for your lips,
 you know, to make them--
 Like Vaseline kind.
 It's kind of like Vaseline, exactly like that.
 They got busted not too long ago because it was found,
 you know, they really, it was like pawpaw.
 This is a pure, beautiful thing.
 And it only contained 6% of pawpaw
 in the actual ingredients as a result.
 And it was--
 Pawpaw as in the fruit.
 The pear.
 Yeah, it's like a, yeah.
 In the jungle.
 Yes, I know.
 Who's that?
 If you pick a pawpaw or a prickly pear,
 and you get a raw paw, well, next time beware.
 Wow.
 Can you tell which of us have young children?
 Until May 2002, women in Lithuania
 had to have a gynecological examination
 in order to get a driving license.
 What?
 Isn't that extraordinary?
 Do we know the logic?
 Why?
 I don't know.
 In case--
 How interesting.
 No, I actually can't even think of a comedy reason why.
 No.
 [LAUGHTER]
 The thing about him was that he was such an incredibly
 determined person.
 Renoir said if it wasn't for Monet,
 we'd have all given up.
 Because he went on beyond the pain barrier all the time.
 He used to get up well before sunrise every day
 to catch the right light.
 And if the light wasn't right, he
 would go to any lengths to get it right.
 So he had a period where he painted steam trains
 at Garzana Lazare.
 And he persuaded the director of the railway company
 to stop the train to rule so that it would leave it
 exactly the right time, so that the steam from the engine--
 That's amazing.
 So he closed the whole station.
 All the platforms were shut, and then all the engines
 were fired up so that it would be great clouds of steam.
 That's--
 And then when he was painting his poplars,
 he discovered the local council were
 going to auction them off for timber.
 So he went to the timber merchant and bribed him,
 basically, not to cut down the trees if you want the thing,
 until he'd finished the painting.
 Wow.
 He just never gave up on anything.
 I've got a way to make him more efficient,
 is he was going up before sunrise to get the best light.
 There's not going to be any light until sunrise.
 So that's an extra half hour he could have in bed.
 I reckon.
 Oh, yeah.
 We don't have time to get out of your pyjamas.
 Who would he med with?
 That's the thing, James, because he was so busy in that way.
 That sounds like my house.
 I'm just picturing now that, like, us
 complaining about people taking selfies and holding us up.
 But the old version of Monet, literally, I'm painting here.
 The train can't go, is quite intense.
 Yeah, and as someone who suffers from the train strikes,
 this day and age, I know whose side I would have been on.
 Yeah, this service will not be stopping at the next 10 stops,
 because Monet wants to paint it.
 What?
 The old water lilies on the line again.
 Just one last fact.
 Why did the butcher replace half of the contents
 of his sausages with bread?
 OK, is this a quiz question, a puzzle?
 No, this is a classic Chernobyl fallout.
 And it takes a few moments.
 That's my new joke.
 It's a new joke.
 Oh, yeah.
 Say it again.
 It's my joke of the year.
 And I've actually stolen it from a podcast called Eat My Globe.
 Why did the butcher replace half of the contents
 of his sausages with bread?
 God, to save money, because bread's cheaper than meat?
 Oh, you're so close if you just reword that,
 because he found it hard to make both ends meat.
 Oh, good grief.
 Well, it's just it's a really relevant joke to the subject.
 Very good.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you think that makes up for the terribleness of a joke
 that it's relevant?
 I think as long as it's appropriate,
 it doesn't matter at all if it's funny.
 Yeah, that's what I've been working on the last 10 years
 on this show.
 This poor podcast.
 They're probably really great, really intelligent.
 You picked the one little joke that they said in passing,
 probably groaned at.
 I have, yeah.
 There you go.
 Wow.
 There was a famous incident in 1845 of bridge collapse.
 I think we can talk about this, because it was almost
 200 years ago, guys.
 So we don't need to be too serious,
 but it was sad at the time.
 It was in Great Yarmouth, and it involved a clown,
 as so many tragedies do.
 Wow.
 There was this huge event where a clown called Arthur Nelson
 was trying to ride up the river in a wash tub drawn
 by four geese, as happened in the days before TV.
 And loads of people were going to go and watch.
 And hundreds of people got onto the suspension bridge.
 Suspension bridge is quite new then.
 Onto this suspension bridge in Great Yarmouth
 to watch the clown Arthur Nelson get pulled up the river,
 drawn by four geese.
 And as he went under the bridge,
 everyone moved from one side of the bridge to the other.
 And that moving caused the bridge to collapse.
 The chain snapped, and 79 people were killed.
 Oh my god.
 I know.
 Included-- did the bridge land on him, or was he OK?
 I am delighted to report, because I
 checked the newspaper archives to see if he continued working.
 He did continue working.
 He obviously got over the trauma.
 He was not killed.
 In 1857, he was still doing an extraordinary performance
 on the pine harmonium.
 So he survived.
 That is extraordinary.
 Yeah.
 That's a load case.
 The engineers didn't see coming.
 Yeah?
 A massive mass running from one side to the other.
 To the other.
 You wouldn't expect it would you?
 It reminds me.
 Do you remember there was that cruise ship?
 Everyone was on this ship.
 Yes, that's right.
 And they went past another cruise ship where everyone was naked.
 Yeah.
 It was like a nudist speech or something, because of the distance.
 And then everyone ran to one of the decks
 to see what was happening, and capsized the ship.
 I do.
 Yeah, capsized, but yeah.
 Usually, we'd remember a lot.
 It's something me and Dan talk about a lot.
 The famous one up near where I live
 is the Broughton Suspension Bridge between Manchester
 and Bolton, which collapsed in 1831,
 and was supposedly because people were marching across it,
 and that resonance caused the bridge to collapse.
 I think that's the fur-- in my research,
 that's the first bridge that collapsed due to resonance.
 Really?
 And the military from then on were always
 told to break step when they cross over a bridge.
 Yeah.
 No one died in that one?
 Yeah.
 Right.
 But there was no clown involved.
 No clown involved.
 [INTERPOSING VOICES]
 Japanese games, I think is it Japanese Go?
 We talk about computers earlier on.
 In 2009, a survey of Go players guessed
 it would be 20 years before computers outsmarted them.
 And in 2019, the South Korean champion, Lee Seedol,
 retired after being beaten by AlphaGo, which
 was made by DeepMind, and basically said, that's it.
 We're beaten.
 Computers can beat us.
 That's it.
 No human can beat them.
 Because Go was interesting because things like chess
 is a lot of combinations that you can still
 search a reasonable space in terms
 of the number of possible future moves.
 Whereas Go is just an outrageous number
 of possible combinations.
 So you couldn't just throw brute force checking at it.
 You had to have some level of cleverness.
 And it might have been the same person who said,
 when you're looking at Go, it was like it was playing with either
 like creative or new strategies.
 Like it wasn't just doing things that had come before,
 it was actually playing the game.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 But good news humans, for you humans.
 Monopoly, they haven't cracked monopoly.
 No.
 In 2023 humans beat the best Go computer
 for the first time in seven years.
 But we were taught how to do it by another computer.
 OK.
 Basically, they set up another computer
 to try and look for weaknesses in the game.
 The computer found one and they told the human how to do it.
 And then the human beat the Go computer.
 OK, right.
 OK, get the computers on side.
 How do we know the computers are in cahoots?
 They're like, look, the humans need a win.
 They're going to get suspicious.
 They have, I don't know if I've said this before,
 but in Japan they have a museum of crashed trains basically.
 So you go in and you see the banged up in the metal
 and bent and all that stuff.
 It's not open to the public.
 It's purely for people who work in the industry
 to show them how important every decision is
 about what they do with safety.
 You don't want this to, yeah.
 It's just purely just like a morale booster for not fucking up.
 Oh, he's still working there.
 Let me show you something.
 This could be you.
 When my wife works, they still have bits of spacecraft
 that deorbitant from the Ariane 5 rocket exploded.
 And so they got in their coffee room.
 There's like these burnt bits of twisted metal.
 I'm like, that's someone's career.
 Yeah, that didn't make it into orbit.
 And she was in Tesco, doesn't she?
 Yeah, no, it's terrifying.
 It's so weird.
 Clean up in aisle three, please.
 When I was probably about, let's say,
 I guess 10, so about in the late 80s,
 my parents' school where they worked only had one computer.
 And in the summer holidays,
 my parents were allowed to take it home
 and we were allowed to use it.
 And like learn how to program basic and stuff like that.
 Wow. It was really cool.
 It's like taking home a school hamster.
 Yeah, but we replaced it with a new one,
 the look kind of the same.
 You guys know the game of life?
 Yes.
 Do you know the super painful game of life?
 Which was released in September 2014 in Japan.
 And this was basically the same as the game of life,
 apart from there was loads of very, very stressful events
 all the way through it.
 So it wasn't just like get married, have a job,
 have kids and get to the end of the thing.
 There would be things like,
 you are busted for copying and pasting a letter of apology.
 Or your parents read your secret poem.
 And apparently it was like a bit more realistic
 because in Japanese society around then
 there was a lot of stress
 and they thought this was a realistic game of life.
 Nice.
 Yeah.
 I mean, the super painful game of life
 does sound more like actual life.
 Managing expectations.
 Yeah.
 Tom Hanks has a song called Colin.
 Or Colin, whichever one you prepare.
 And yeah, he started a handkerchief business.
 And it's called Hanks.
 No.
 Yeah.
 And it started during the pandemic,
 beginning of the pandemic and it's shut now, unfortunately.
 2023.
 Someone wrote to him, which he responded to,
 saying, "Hankskerchiefs,
 have you ever thought of maybe changing the brand name
 to 'Colin Hankees'?"
 Which is a very nice one.
 Hold on, I don't get it.
 Was it like a colon?
 It was like a hanky for your bum.
 A colon hanky.
 Right.
 Wow, start this.
 It's not what you call your loo roll.
 Hunk.
 We need more colon hankies in here.
 Did he start this company because COVID had started
 and he thought, what are people going to need handkerchiefs?
 No, it was, I think it was in 2020 that he started it.
 It was definitely in that period.
 But it was, he loved handkerchiefs.
 He did it.
 But then part of the profit or the royalties of Perperchus
 would go towards the, it was huge fires in America
 and it was to the charities that were helping out with that.
 The relief fund.
 That's nice.
 Does he love handkerchiefs?
 I mean, I've got a lot of questions about his love of handkerchiefs actually.
 Is that when someone called him masturbating once?
 I'm not masturbating, I just love handkerchiefs.
 I love handkerchiefs.
 So I'm having sex with the love of my life.
 Is that the argument?
 Yeah, I mean, is it related to that name?
 Has he said, "I love handkerchiefs because of my name?"
 Or was he like, "Oh, I've never thought."
 It was like, he's interviewed.
 He's like, "Gosh, I'd never thought about that connection."
 Yeah, first interview.
 Got a hanks.
 Yeah.
 I think you're so right.
 It's weird, isn't it, when you see a company name
 that you know contains a rude word
 and you can't not see the rude word.
 So there are lots of examples.
 The Italian arm of Volkswagen.
 Well, can any of you guess?
 The Italian arm of Volkswagen.
 So it's Volkswagen.
 Yeah.
 Italia.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 And you just look at Volkswagen Italia on Instagram,
 which is their handler.
 And it says Genitalia in it.
 And you can't, all you can see is the word genitalia.
 And you think, how did they not see that?
 And what's another good one?
 What was the famous one, which was Susan Boyle?
 Pen Island.
 Pen Island.
 Pen Island.
 Pen Island, either.
 It's Susan's album party.
 Susan's anal bum party.
 My mum's going to be so proud of me appearing on this podcast.
 Molestation nursery in New South Wales.
 Oh, man.
 It's still, just still open.
 I was actually reading some of the reviews.
 Oh, yeah.
 So it's obviously, if you look at the URL,
 it just says molestation nursery.
 Guys, it's genuinely taken me a while.
 Oh, you've got to see it, I think.
 You've got to see it.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I can't get it from the spoken.
 It's molestation nursery.
 And the reviews are all five stars except one.
 Wonderful family run business.
 When you think of it as a molestation nursery,
 the reviews become really funny.
 Fast, friendly and cost effective service.
 And there's just one four star review that says,
 I mean, it's good,
 but the website is called molestation nursery.
 I mean, you can also still just have nonsense as well.
 And the A, the AAAA thing is still going on.
 So on company's house,
 I spent a long time looking at company's house website.
 There are still two active companies with five A's
 at the beginning of their name.
 A, A, A, A, A.
 There were two recently dissolved companies.
 I found sextuple A aardvark.
 So it just looks like aardvark.
 And sextuple A, ABBA, and a septuple A,
 so seven A's, abracadabra.
 So I feel like at a certain point,
 it's a death of imagination in this game.
 At some point, the amount of money you make
 from having a name like that,
 you lose from the number of A's you have to buy
 from the sign shop.
 Search engine optimization is kind of what this is about.
 And it used to be so much easier.
 It must have been so fun in the '90s being a CODA,
 because basically the way you got to the top of a search engine
 was just how the search engine just counted
 the number of times you'd used a certain word on your sign.
 So people would build a website and let's say,
 I don't know, it was a hairdresser.
 I guess they just filled their website with the word "hair"
 and a hairdresser over and over again, millions of times.
 And you would quite often,
 you would put the word "hair" in like 500 times,
 but you'd make it the same colour as the background
 of your website so people couldn't read it.
 You didn't go on the website, just see the word "hair"
 a million times, but you would hide it
 so that the Google spiders could see it,
 but normal people couldn't see it.
 That's so clever.
 How students cheat with word counts as well
 when you have to upload it,
 and it automatically generates the word count.
 Did people do that?
 Really?
 No.
 I should have done that with my book.
 If there's 80,000 words, there you go.
 Damn, it's three pages.
 There's software now that picks up that there's hidden text,
 but they just type in a load of rubbish
 and it looks like there's 300 or 400 extra words there,
 and just put it in white.
 It's the same thing.
 That's so funny.
 Wish I'd done it.
 Or if you've done too many words, you put it in as a picture.
 That's good, because actually that was always my problem.
 Damn it.
 Too many words.
 Yeah, and they were all shit.
 Too many words and all shit.
 It was often A star.
 For everybody, I think there's a lot of things
 that if you are a person who has not been pregnant,
 you would not expect.
 And I think the job of pregnant people is not to terrify everybody
 by telling you what they are, but I'm going to anyway.
 So one thing I didn't know is that your feet get bigger
 and it's permanent.
 Some women permanently go up a shoe size when they're pregnant.
 It's nuts, because we've had three kids
 and Fens and Clown shoes.
 There was a guy in America that's how I found out about the story.
 He was trying to do 40 days of Lent entirely
 on what he calls liquid bread.
 And liquid bread is beer.
 And this is a thing that monks do.
 He read about monks having done this, where they basically brewed
 a really meaty, as it were, really packed beer
 that you felt so full after having,
 that it did feel like you were drinking it.
 The story goes, which I can't be properly verified,
 but the story goes is that they needed permission from the Pope
 in order for this to be approved.
 This is a few centuries ago.
 They took it all the way there,
 but the beer had spoiled on the way there.
 And so when the Pope took a sip of it,
 it was so disgusting or so rancid that he thought,
 "Well, if anyone's willing to drink this, and yeah, okay, you can, fine."
 That's the story.
 And so there are monks that sort of drink liquid bread
 throughout Lent.
 Just sit and get pissed at their monasteries.
 It's like, "Super size me, but with beer."
 Yeah, exactly.
 In the 19th century, there'd still be kind of rogue little denominations
 where they said, "Look, you can still eat these."
 Often probably by tradition.
 But they're Oli Worm in the 17th century.
 Yeah, Oli Worm, who's the son of Willem Worm.
 Wait a minute.
 Do you remember the very hungry caterpillar
 was originally called "A Week with Willie the Worm?"
 Oh, yeah, that's right.
 Is it based on this guy?
 Yeah, before it was a week with Willie the Worm,
 it was a week with Willem the Worm,
 because it was just debating liturgy.
 Because he was a religious guy.
 No, Oli Worm, who's probably actually called Oli Worm,
 said that an ordinance had been passed
 classing them as fish.
 And he said as soon as that ordinance passed,
 suddenly, because these geese were hanging out in France a lot,
 exports from France to England and Scotland soared,
 because the English and the Scots during Lent
 were just desperate for something better than kind of shit, salted fish.
 And Oli Worm is actually a sort of QI favourite,
 because he also debunked the idea that unicorns exist.
 He was the one who said they're actually just gnawls.
 And he was the one who told us
 Lemmings aren't spontaneously generated by air.
 Oh, cool.
 Oh, wow.
 He was like an anti-pliny.
 He's the anti-pliny.
 Yeah, wow.
 You know the story about how a dad furiously went into Target,
 because he said, "Why are you recommending pregnancy stuff
 to my child who's a high schooler?"
 Sorry, Target is a...
 Target's a big store in the America,
 which is one of those stores where you can get everything you can get.
 Like a Walmart?
 Yeah, exactly.
 For other Americans?
 Yeah, exactly.
 So the story is that the dad comes in and he's like,
 "What are you doing sending emails to my daughter
 recommending pregnancy stuff?"
 And then it turns out she was pregnant.
 And he wrote back apologizing saying,
 "You know, I guess things are going on in my house."
 I didn't fully realise, but she was pregnant.
 And it's all to do with the fact that they have at Target
 people who analyse all of the purchases that everyone has.
 For example, they would notice that lots of people who were on the baby registry
 were buying larger quantities of unscented lotion
 around the beginning of their second trimester.
 And so they thought if we can get in early and be the first people
 to give them sort of discounts and stuff towards pregnancy stuff,
 they would stay with us forever on.
 They would buy their diapers from us,
 because what they discovered was in later trimesters,
 you suddenly just, all your hormones and everything
 means that you lose brand association,
 so you'll go somewhere else.
 This is according to them.
 Absolutely bullshit.
 I did notice, Anna, when you were pregnant,
 you started coming in and like owned brand trainers.
 And you were the only, like, as the shreddies.
 It was so hard. I'd find myself in Sainsbury.
 I was like, "What? I thought I was a Tesco girl."
 There's something wrong with my,
 "I can no longer taste the difference."
 I don't know what it is.
 One more quiz.
 In Poland, did you read about how a few years ago
 they cancelled a certain bus that was on the way
 to a place in Poland called Hell?
 Okay, so 666.
 It was a 666, and they genuinely cancelled it,
 because they had so many Catholic complaints.
 Obviously Poland has a strong Catholic contingent.
 And on a Catholic website in 2018,
 they wrote the 666 bus line running to Hell
 to put it briefly and bluntly,
 undermines the Christian order of the Polish state
 and its foundations.
 It's just the tip of the iceberg of a much greater problem.
 Wow. When was this?
 That was 2018, and they've just cancelled it,
 or they cancelled it last year,
 or changed the number to 669, I think.
 Do you rate council at mid?
 69 mid-year.
 Oh, no, wait till this Catholic website is that,
 and realises...
 The devil's 69.
 In ancient Rome, there was a whole thing about foreplay,
 particularly Cunny Lingus being seen as something
 that you just wouldn't do.
 So a man to a woman would be like,
 "Oh, you would get teased for it
 if it was found out that you had done that."
 But there's an idea that in Pompeii,
 because how annoying is that,
 because that's a nice sexual pleasure for a lot of people,
 you would actually hire male sex workers,
 specifically to do that.
 So there's graffiti that they found in Pompeii
 as part of the surviving...
 I thought you were going to say they found the people,
 because they were all in positions to be off the fight,
 and then put in a museum.
 You see the dust cloud coming,
 and you're like, "Oh, no, no, no, no, no, no!"
 "I told you I made you, and you will finish."
 You might as well go out doing what you love.
 Exactly.
 In 2014, there was a dispute between a pig farm in Yorkshire
 and a Wiltshire ballooning company,
 because a hot-air balloon flew too near to a pig farm
 and scared the pigs, and they all piled into a ditch
 and various of them had...
 I know, yeah, and like I said, then...
 Such a funny image.
 No, it's not funny, which is very bad,
 because they very easy have heart attacks, stuff like that.
 Some are heart attacks, some are miscarriages.
 But it was very interesting,
 because the person who managed to get compensation
 for the pig farmer was a mathematician,
 who was employed from the University of York,
 Professor of Maths, because the hot-air balloon company said,
 "We were told to stay X number of metres,
 I think it was 500 metres away at least,
 and we were at least 750 metres away from your farm."
 He said, "You're way closer than that. You scared the pigs."
 Now, his wife took a photo of the balloon in the air,
 so you can see the size of the balloon,
 you can see some trees underneath,
 and they employed a Professor of Maths at the University of York
 to deploy some trigonometry,
 basically looking at the width of the balloon
 and then the distance from the trees,
 and then where the trees were in relation to the farm
 to figure out exactly how far away the balloon was.
 Forensics.
 And prove that it was indeed closer.
 That is good. I mean, no use for the pigs,
 because they're already gone.
 No use for the pigs.
 Before you didn't get any compensation, yeah.
 No, but that's interesting,
 because I've been in the hot-air balloon relatively recently,
 and you can't steer them.
 You have to go where the wind takes you.
 You go up or down,
 and then you know which directions the winds are going
 at different heights, right?
 I suppose so.
 So, if you're near the pigs,
 you go upwards so that you're not too close.
 Yeah, we'll go down.
 If you're near the pigs, yeah.
 But like, in terms of generally steering balloons in directions,
 it's not massively controllable,
 but the idea is that there are different air flows
 at different heights,
 so you can go up and down,
 and then you can go in different directions
 based on how high you are, I think.
 Do we know the circumstances of the...
 Balloons, obviously, quite difficult to control,
 but you can't just say,
 "I can't control my balloon at all."
 So, bloody, go to the side of your house.
 You can go up and down.
 Yeah, you can go up and down.
 If you want to stay away from the pigs, you go up.
 Like, that's pretty easy.
 Because the pigs can't fly.
 The origin of "Porky Pig"
 he was based on or inspired by a staple character
 from traditional Italian comedy,
 the Comedia dell'arte.
 What was it?
 Yeah, so like,
 from between like the 16th to 18th centuries,
 there was this traditional theatre comedy,
 and it used all of these staple comedy characters.
 Like the Harlequin.
 The Harlequin was one, which is the servant.
 I've got a whole list of them here,
 like the El Capitano,
 which is the indigent loner,
 and the Pantalone, the Older Wealth and that.
 From where we get Pantaloons, right?
 Exactly, yeah, exactly.
 Sorry, can I just ask that word that you said?
 Indigent.
 I don't know that word.
 It means like stupid, I think.
 Does it?
 Oh, I think it means like poverty stricken
 and like in a bad state.
 Thank you.
 All right, Jacob, I'll respond.
 I don't know if,
 because I didn't look into blank for this fact,
 but presumably we've said the thing about
 that he was in a coma when he was dying,
 and the only way they managed to communicate
 through to him was by talking to him as Bugs Bunny.
 I think that was before he died.
 I think he was in a car crash when he was younger.
 Oh, it definitely all happened before he died, yeah.
 The coma that he was in was not the one
 being a seance as Bugs Bunny.
 Yeah, that was it, wasn't it?
 The doctor came in,
 like everyone had tried to say,
 "Mel, Mel, are you okay? Are you okay?"
 And he wouldn't respond,
 and then the doctor came in and said,
 "Hey, Bugs, are you okay?"
 Well, somebody said, "What's up, Doc?"
 And the doc was like, "I'm all right."
 And they made him work from his hospital bed, didn't they?
 After he'd had this incredibly dramatic car crash
 where he was in a coma for weeks,
 and he was in the middle of filming the Flintstones,
 I think, was he Barney?
 Yeah.
 And yeah, he was filming that,
 and they replaced his voice for a few episodes,
 so you can find some Flintstones episodes
 where, you know, there's this rogue guy,
 and then they shipped a bunch of audio equipment
 into his kind of hospital bed,
 and made him record from there.
 Although I suppose it's only talking, isn't it?
 Oh, can it be?
 So, this is about people who live in Papua New Guinea.
 In Papua New Guinea, in particular groups.
 So, Dan.
 Yeah.
 You have got 100 pounds.
 Okay.
 Okay.
 You're going to give Alex 100 pounds.
 Yeah.
 But there is one condition.
 Alex has to share the 100 pounds with Anna.
 He can decide how much of the 100 he's going to keep.
 It could be you have 99 pounds, 99,
 and Anna gets 1p.
 That is what will happen.
 But Anna has to agree to the deal,
 otherwise you both get nothing.
 Okay.
 So it's always like a slight prison of delimory type thing.
 Similar.
 So how much are you going to Alex offer of Dan's money
 to give to Anna?
 I'm going to offer her less than half.
 But also you could offer her as little as possible.
 Does she know how much I'm guessing?
 Anna knows the whole deal.
 Okay, fine.
 So the whole thing is working out whether Anna is spiteful enough
 to say, "No, I won't allow this deal to happen."
 Because if I did give her 5 quid, she's up on it 5 quid.
 You've explained the logic.
 And Anna is a horrible spiteful person.
 So I don't think it's going to get anything less than like 90/10.
 I think I'm going to end it with a 10.
 So how much are you going to offer?
 I'm going to offer her 30 pounds.
 And I take Q70.
 Anna, are you going to accept?
 I would have taken 1p.
 Greed over spite for me any day.
 I don't care about fairness.
 Well, the truth is that in general people tend to refuse the money
 if they offer any lower than 25 pounds.
 Not out of spite so much as they think,
 "Well, why should I let you have anything?
 You're being an asshole."
 And I think I say 30 is kind of around that mark of, yeah.
 Yeah, so yeah, I think you pretty much nailed it.
 But among some groups in Papua New Guinea,
 particularly the Au and the Ganau,
 when people are offered above 50%, they're rejected.
 And that is because in these cultures,
 you get high status by giving people gifts.
 And so if I give you more than 50%,
 actually I'm saying I am now a higher status than you.
 And if you accept it,
 you're accepting that you're a lower status.
 So if you offered Anna 70 quid, she would say,
 "Well, no, I'm way better than you.
 Why would I accept that much?"
 I wouldn't, once again, because all I care about is the money.
 None of these weird cultural hang-ups.
 So there is this culture in Cambridge, which is very odd.
 Do you guys know where you would find the world's longest bus?
 World's longest bus.
 I'll give you a clue.
 Yeah.
 There are 193 countries in the world,
 and it would probably be in the last five you would guess.
 Okay, Antarctica.
 Like the Alphabet.
 That's not a country, okay?
 Okay, fine.
 Although the Vatican, no.
 And it takes up the whole of the Vatican,
 one into the other.
 Luxembourg.
 No.
 We're just naming countries now.
 Yeah, I think that's good.
 What did you expect in this game?
 You set the premise.
 This is why my quiz shows never go anywhere.
 It is the Democratic Republic of Congo.
 Oh, wow.
 World's longest bus.
 How long?
 Because of the Congo thing.
 And that's Congo.
 Do you think other buses are creeping up behind it?
 Yeah.
 If they're all bendy as well,
 they can go left, right, left, right.
 Exactly.
 You were a terrible one.
 You went to Kinshasa that time.
 You just walked behind everyone in the street,
 just going...
 So how long is it?
 How long is it?
 Well, three times the length of a London bus.
 Okay.
 It could carry 350 passengers comfortably.
 This is the most appropriate use of a London bus
 for length comparison that I've ever heard.
 Yes.
 I always say like...
 Usually they say like, "Oh, the line is so long."
 This dinosaur.
 I don't know how long that is.
 Yeah.
 So it was 32.2 meters long.
 How did it go around the corners?
 I think a good question.
 I thought the same.
 Perhaps not so many corners
 when you're going from one town to another.
 Okay.
 But how do you turn around must have been a nightmare.
 Yeah, no, absolutely.
 And was it the same...
 Sorry, was it the same dimensions as a bus otherwise?
 Was it enormous or was it just really, really long?
 Imagine, you know those...
 Do you know Optimus Prime?
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 He's like a truck, right?
 His head is a truck.
 Right.
 Where is this going?
 I can't remember what they're actually called,
 but you know where it's like...
 Transformers.
 No, no, no.
 The type of truck where it's like a bottom...
 Articulated lorry thing.
 That's it.
 It's like an articulated lorry,
 but then it's got almost three bendy buses
 at the back of it.
 Right.
 Oh, so it's like a train?
 Yeah.
 I mean, it's like a bus.
 Yeah.
 It's like a bus train lorry.
 What is a train with a bus on rails?
 It's like a bus train lorry, Optimus Prime combo.
 It sounds amazing.
 It just sounds completely unworkable.
 How long did it last?
 It was in use from 1989 to 2013.
 Oh, quite a long time then.
 Okay.
 Yeah, relatively long.
 But yeah.
 I guess it's interesting like that.
 It's the whole point of trains, right?
 It's like high capacity things,
 like rather than lots of little ones,
 you have one big one.
 Yeah, it makes sense to make it as big as you can.
 Yeah.
 I'm almost surprised that it's only that big.
 I would say Guinness set up a competition
 for the longest bus in the world,
 because it's very easy to beat.
 Only three times the length of a London bus.
 So it's only one point five times the length
 of one of those bendy buses.
 Yeah.
 They were completely...
 It's only half the length of a Diplodocus.
 In the end series,
 I started thinking that sign-off of QI
 was going to be neolithic newspaper nuggets
 from the collection that I started
 when I began the news quiz in the '70s.
 Does that count as a neolithic?
 Well, no, because I've got two
 on people burning houses down.
 Oh, wow.
 That happen to be neolithic nuggets.
 Sorry, you're bringing some research to the table
 that is from the 1970s?
 Yes.
 That's incredible.
 And it is.
 This one's from the Baltimore Sun.
 Andrew Schwartz, age 14 of Washington, D.C.,
 used to spend his time setting off fire alarms,
 but he underwent psychiatric treatment
 to cure him of this, and he stopped doing it.
 He learned that he should never break the glass
 and press the button unless there actually was a fire.
 So now he sets the houses on fire first
 and has done so four times.
 And this other one from the Bangkok Post.
 Commenting on a complaint from Mr Arthur Purdy
 about a large gas bill, a spokesman for Northwest Gas said,
 "We agree it was rather high for the time of year.
 It's possible Mr Purdy has been charged for the gas
 used up during the explosion that blew his house to pieces."
 (LAUGHTER)
 Wow.
 Imagine if James now cuts that from the show.
 50 years of waiting for this research to finally be revealed.
 There you go.
 There is all of our outtakes.
 Thanks everyone for listening.
 Just one more reminder before you switch off.
 If you do want to come see us live on stage doing our new tour,
 Thundernerds, you can do that.
 And you, as a clubfish member, will get pre-sale access
 three days before general sale on the 14th of May.
 So get in on the 14th of May
 and all you need to do is head to...
 No such thing as a fish.com/fishtour.
 And then when you're through to the booking website
 and you click to book your tickets, type in the code FISHTOUR.
 All right.
 Don't tell anyone.
 Don't tell the non-believers of the clubfish.
 It's our little secret.
 All right. See you all later.
 We'll catch you again in a couple of weeks with another bonus episode.
 And until then,
 we will be back on the main feed with another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish
 on a regular Friday.
 See you then.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC ENDS]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
