 [romantic bass music]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covert Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber and I am sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray,
 and Anna Chazinski, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our
 four favorite facts from the last seven days and in no particular order, here we go, starting
 with you.
 Andy.
 My fact is that sometimes racing ferrets fall asleep halfway along the course, so it's
 a bit like the tortoise and the hare story, so that the hare is a ferret.
 The tortoise is another ferret that doesn't roll asleep, all the animals are ferrets.
 Yeah, and sometimes they fall asleep.
 I've confused things too much by introducing them.
 It's a bit like sleeping beauty on the years of sleeping ferret.
 Was she halfway through a ride?
 I miss that bit of the story.
 Just the sleeping bit really.
 Right.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, and then a handsome prince turns up and kisses the ferret.
 He's a ferret too.
 This is an article from the Derby Telegraph who did a report.
 They've had a ferret race up in Derby recently, at a place called Long Eaton, and there's
 no track what there is, is a tube, and every ferret has its own tube.
 Oh, I was going to say, not just one tube, but otherwise the person who goes in first will
 be the winner every time.
 And also, you could just fall asleep, and that's it, yeah.
 That would be like having Bob sledding with just one of those courses and you'll go
 at one.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 That is not the case in this race.
 No.
 Every ferret gets his or her own tube, and you race along it, and the coach has to encourage
 the ferret along to the other end.
 But sometimes a ferret can be winning, according to his spokesman, and then decide to lie down
 for a nap.
 So a race can take two minutes, or it can take ten minutes.
 This place in Long Eaton last year, they had a thing called ferret roulette.
 Is it like Russian roulette?
 Yeah.
 The ferret's got a gun.
 Yeah, maybe.
 No, no, no.
 You shoot a ferret into the side of your head.
 It's not like that, no?
 Okay.
 Where you had to bet on which tube a ferret would go down.
 You could put on loads of different pairs of trousers, and one of them's got a ferret
 on it.
 Ah, that is ferret roulette.
 Yeah.
 That's really good.
 I read, I think it was the same one, tickets were £12 each.
 Is this the same one?
 I didn't check it.
 I didn't check the ticket prices, but how many ferret racing events can there have been
 in Long Eaton recently?
 Yeah, probably a few.
 The tickets were £12 each, and they included a fish and chips supper.
 Oh, okay.
 And it's very good.
 And it's very good.
 I know, it's my local fish and chips shop.
 Fish chips and mushy peas is £9.80 on its own, so you're paying £2.20 for the ferrets,
 really?
 That's very reasonably priced.
 Good, isn't it?
 Yes, very good.
 They should really make the tube see through, I've just realised, because I was thinking
 what you're really paying for was nothing, because you don't get to see any of it until
 the ferret pops out.
 Of course, the tube is see through.
 No, no, no, no.
 Yeah, no, Dan, it's not.
 Well, the one I watched.
 It's a solid, you've been watching the luxury ferret racing.
 You've clearly paid a bit more than your 12 quid.
 No, there are sections of wire in the tube, so occasionally you see a ferret passing by.
 Yeah.
 That's more like a way marker than a...
 That, my one's way better.
 You get to watch all the workings of the race.
 Like a race.
 Imagine if there was like a pool cover on the top of an Olympics movie pool.
 You're like, well, let's see who pops out of the head.
 Oh, they all drowned, shouldn't have put that cover on them.
 So if you guys heard about ferret legging, yeah, Scott, it's exciting.
 The best thing in the world.
 Yeah.
 So that's why you put a ferret down your trousers and you see how long you can keep it.
 You tie up the end of your trousers, put a ferret down there.
 It's nice for the ferret, because it reminds it of hunting rabbits, I presume.
 Yes.
 Well, what's it hunting in that case?
 What is it in your trousers that reminds the ferret of a banner?
 Oh, it's supposed to, you're not allowed to wear underwear in ferret legging.
 Oh.
 You have to have your genitals exposed, I think, in some of it.
 That's the expose.
 That's the expose.
 To the ferret, to the ferret.
 To the ferret, yeah.
 It's really definitely would have got that memo wrong and could arrive.
 Balls out.
 But that's the only occasion where, actually, you can claim you're exposing yourself
 for a very good reason, which is to protect your genitals from the ferret.
 That's true.
 I'm repeating, though.
 Officer.
 I think that this might have been enlist, first, actually, that one of the biggest names
 in ferret legging is Regimella.
 And he introduced the concept of wearing white trousers to better display the blood spilled
 from the bites.
 Oh.
 In 1972, the ferret legging records stood at 40 seconds, right?
 A few years later, it rose to over one minute and eventually to 90 minutes, which is quite
 a leap.
 Yeah, that's.
 And then, in 1977, Edward Simpkins, from the Isle of Whites, set the new world record
 of 5,000-10 minutes, although he only had one ferret in his trousers during the first four
 hours and two for the last 70 minutes.
 Simpkins sustained two large bites during his record-breaking attempt, but continued to play
 a game of darts undeterred.
 Wow.
 What a hero.
 How did he do in the darts?
 Did he do it?
 It doesn't relate.
 He actually won the BDO World Championships that year.
 Now, Pete Jockey Wilson in the final.
 But that's only because he trained the ferret to carry the dart over to the dart board.
 Apparently, what you're meant to do when you do ferret legging is to feed your ferret
 a lot, so you don't put a hungry ferret down your trousers, which is what leads to a lot
 of the bites, is because four hours in, they might get a bit hungry and start nibbling
 on you.
 You really feed your ferret, you should survive a bite, yeah.
 It's interesting because ferret is.
 I had a look in a slang dictionary, the partridge dictionary of slang, ferret is slang
 for penis, and it's also an RS slang term, which is rhyming slang for beret.
 It's not very good rhyming slang.
 It says in the dictionary, "Brecker's deliberately bad".
 I think you can tell by the turn of voice in which someone says, "I've got a ferret
 in my trousers, what kind of ferret they're talking about."
 You think so?
 I think it was always like, "I've got a ferret in my trousers!"
 That's a penis.
 Their band is Pat's, aren't they, in certain places, so New York, New York.
 Yeah.
 I wasn't allowed to bring money in.
 Do you know which area of Britain owns the most ferrets?
 London.
 Pretty much, yeah.
 London and the Southeast.
 It's traditionally thought to be a Northern or especially a Yorkshire thing, but 27% of
 the ferrets in the UK live in London and the Southeast.
 Yorkshire only has 7% of the ferrets.
 No.
 Are they domesticated or do we have wild ferret?
 This is I was Pat's, I think.
 Yeah, these are his pets.
 Right.
 I have seen someone near where I live walking around a ferret on a leash.
 I was so excited.
 I've seen that before.
 Yeah.
 You can get little harnesses for them.
 Yeah.
 Pat ferret.
 Did he?
 John Mitchinson of QI.
 Wow, that's cool.
 I met him.
 We've had four men shot on a ferret.
 They're the meetings with him for years.
 He had big paws and whiskers.
 Yeah, that's good.
 Yeah.
 Pretty much.
 That's him.
 Cosden, you're trying to get into your trousers.
 Good old Mitch.
 So they're, they've really vicious, right?
 Animals in this kind of group like weasels and stokes and ferrets are.
 Stella die.
 Yeah, a mastella die.
 They're so voracious and such good hunters.
 So there was that David Atmerclip of a stoke that caught a rabbit that was 10 times its size
 and the way they do it is they wrap their bodies around the animal they're trying to catch
 so they're like a little snake and then they bite it always exactly between the skull
 and the spine.
 So it cuts that off.
 But yeah, they're really good hunters and one of the ways they hunt is by doing the,
 I think it's called the Weasel war dance and it's where they just flip their body around
 in insane kind of configuration.
 They can hypnotise a chicken, can't they?
 The idea is that they transfix their prey and their prey so distracted that they get slightly
 different to hypnotising a chicken.
 Is it if they've just, you know, this is what the All Blacks rugby team do before every
 game.
 Hypnotised chicken.
 That's their war dance is they hypnotise the England team into being completely hypnotising
 a rugby.
 Have you heard of the vigilante group, the 12 just men?
 No.
 They were in a Welsh market town called Newtown.
 There was a report about them in the independent in 1992 and what they did, they thought that
 the local punishments dished out to criminals, you know, like for vandalising and burglary
 and things like that were really pathetic and weak and that the police weren't doing
 anything.
 So they formed this vigilante group and they would find out about crimes and then they
 would, their spokesman said, "Our plan for keeping law and order is simple.
 Anyone we catch in the act of committing a crime will frog march off to the hills where
 there's nobody to hear the screams, will hold him down and slip Fred into his trousers."
 They had a ferret called Fred.
 What do you mean by ferret?
 It will be painful and terrifying, but it will teach him a lesson he won't forget in
 a hurry.
 Do you know, was a weasel's make their own fridges?
 Basically have their own fridge set up.
 They do.
 They do.
 They do.
 They marzen electricity and they've made, no, they store food underground and they dig underground
 compartments near their den entrances.
 I don't see any.
 No, I see any.
 They have they've mastered the art of fridges.
 I would say they are somewhere along with the art of fridges, but mastery is a way off.
 And let me finish.
 They plug it into the main.
 No, fine.
 They dig holes underground because they'll sometimes go on a big killing spree and then
 very, most of their prey underground where it's nice and cold so it gets preserved.
 But they can store huge numbers of things in there.
 So scientists once found a stash in Greenland that was stuffed with the carcasses of 150
 lemmings.
 Lemmings.
 Yeah, lemmings.
 It's a weasel serial killer who needs to be brought to justice immediately.
 Hang on.
 Am I thinking, lemmings like the size of a sheep, right?
 No.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 No, no, no.
 Like a giddy pig.
 What are you thinking of?
 I thought it was just this cave of dead sheep, 150 of them.
 What are you thinking of?
 Lemmings.
 You can't run off the cliff that Disney, no.
 But that's the myth, right?
 Yeah, exactly the truth.
 What, so the trope is like a hundred giddy pig size things ran off a cliff.
 That's cool.
 I mean, yeah.
 That was big.
 In my head, they were sheep size.
 Yeah.
 Okay, I mean, we're all learning.
 So this is great.
 You've learned about ferret fridges.
 I've learned about the size of an animal that everyone knows.
 Can I just tell you one thing about a different kind of animal racing?
 Yeah.
 So I think the equivalent of ferret racing in the US is frog jumping contest.
 And this is based on a Mark Twain story.
 I think it was the story of the first story that made Mark Twain famous that he wrote in
 the 1860s, about a fictional frog jumping contest in a counting California, which now happens
 every year.
 And they attract up to 10,000 people, I think.
 Lots of people go and attend, and you can do stuff like blow on the frog's nether regions.
 And that kind of makes the job a bit harder.
 Or is that included in the 12-12-year issue?
 It's included in the NPV.
 So as fish and ships, do you want to blow up the anus of the frog?
 It's included, so.
 When it's a frog jumping competition, is it height, distance, speed, or what?
 I'm pretty sure it's distance, and I think they do three.
 They're allowed to do three jumps, and then they measure how far they've gone in three jumps.
 It's like the hot pop and the hot pop.
 Oh, exactly.
 But they have to be played soothing music.
 So in the rules of this play, they don't, they like it.
 They like it.
 They prefer it.
 They like it if it is soothing music when you're blowing on a channel.
 It's a romantic scene.
 If you think about it, no, there are actually rules, say, when the frogs aren't working,
 they have to be kept on the ground.
 They have to be kept in a fridge.
 With a massive lemon.
 They have to be kept in the dark, in the cool, and be played soothing music to calm their nerves.
 Yeah.
 It sounds like the frogs get a pretty good deal out of this.
 Yeah.
 You get to go to a nice competition.
 You get your own green room, and then you get someone blowing on your genitals.
 I know what your ride is going to be on the next floor.
 God, hair dryer is in the dressing room, Mr. Murray.
 Can I, I really want to ask people something that I have to have a mystery.
 This is basically the reason I brought frogs, right, it was because I went to the countryside
 this weekend and I went on a walk and noticed a dead frog on the path I was on.
 Okay.
 And then another one, and then I was with this other person,
 and we counted the dead frogs, and in a space of about half a kilometer, we counted 59 dead frogs.
 Okay.
 And not all of them squash.
 They were all black.
 They looked like they'd just been frozen in time, kind of black frogs.
 And I don't know why.
 And I've tried looking up why there would suddenly be 59 dead frogs in the countryside of
 Oxfordshire.
 Yeah.
 And if anyone has any idea.
 What about if it was one of those supposedly things when it rains frogs?
 So if anyone has a better suggestion?
 Okay, so there is this idea that sometimes it rains frogs, right?
 And the idea is that a water spout is created by like a mini tornado and it sucks it up into
 the air, and then they rain down.
 Now a lot of people think that they're not real, but what happens instead is it's been raining,
 pond kind of overflows.
 All of the frogs kind of go into the overflow bit of the pond, and then it dries up because
 it gets evaporated, and then they all have no water, so they all die.
 Okay.
 Can I get that one?
 Yeah.
 Was it near water?
 We looked for water.
 We think it must have been near water, because the dog disappeared and it came back wet.
 Yes.
 So it was wet.
 We've been in a garage.
 It's the sixtieth frog in its house.
 I love that.
 That's your method of divining for water is the dog wet.
 And we must keep moving then.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 Okay, my fat this week is that according to Venezuelan law, 90% of wheat must be made
 into loaves of bread rather than cakes or pastries.
 Mm-hmm.
 It's very harsh.
 Why?
 Well, this is what they're calling the bread war in Venezuelan at the moment, and they're
 obviously having a lot of financial problems.
 And what the government don't want bakers to do is to waste flour on cakes and things
 like that.
 They want to make sure that they have enough bread for all of the people.
 And they're probably arresting people, aren't they?
 Oh, yeah.
 Like for making brownies and stuff like that as well, it's not just, yeah.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 But this is like the history really of how important bakers have been, you know, all
 the way through history, bakers have been one of the most important people in society.
 If they do anything wrong, they'll get punished a lot more than normal people.
 It seemed like such a high-risk job looking into history and sort of recorded statements
 about if you mess with the weight of your bread, if you mess sell your bread, you will be
 killed.
 Like that.
 It was as harsh as you'll be killed or you'll be paraded through the towns.
 Get this.
 There was a thing where it's so in France, if you were found guilty of swindling customers,
 you would be imprisoned immediately and your shop would be walled up for two years,
 which is pretty serious.
 Or sometimes they would have all your crimes printed on a massive sheet of paper and they
 would make you wear a sandwich board through the streets.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, it's quite cool.
 So sandwich board.
 Exactly, yeah.
 I don't think I'd call it a sandwich board at the time.
 And sometimes this is from a book about the history of it.
 The police just looked the other way and let angry customers, often women, beat the
 bakers up.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 No way.
 There was a law in Britain until 2008 that you couldn't sell a 600 gram loaf of bread.
 Right.
 The law was that you had to sell it in 400 grams or 800 grams or 1,200 grams, it had to be
 a multiple of 400.
 Really?
 That was a law that was from the size of bread and ale in 1266.
 Wow.
 And it was still going into 2008 when they made it legal to sell a 600 gram loaf of bread.
 But I think most loaves are still 400 or 800 grams, aren't they?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So even now it's still happening.
 Well, yeah, that's just a leftover from the olden days.
 Yeah.
 And the myth that this is where bakers doesn't come from.
 So it's the idea is that because bakers were so afraid of being punished for underselling
 to customers, they would always give them a little bit more than they'd ordered, wasn't
 it?
 I don't know.
 Yeah, stopped.
 And I think that's, I think it's been written in various places that that's where bakers
 doesn't come from.
 I've never seen anyone asserting that it was a myth.
 OK.
 And it's the kind of thing that I would have seen, I think.
 So I think it maybe is true.
 Yeah.
 I don't know.
 Right.
 So that, then, keep it to yourself.
 There was a paranoia in the 18th century that bakers would steal human bones and ashes, and
 they would use the bone ash to increase the weight of their flour.
 This is not true.
 There's no evidence it ever happened, but people really hated bakers.
 And as a result, well, not as a result, but just in general, bakers had to carve their
 initials into the underside of every loaf of bread they made.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 To sort of show this was made by Fred the Baker and it's the--
 F2B.
 F2B.
 Yeah.
 It's the appropriate weight.
 So in 2009, Venezuela banned video games where you shoot people.
 Did they?
 Yeah, because there was so much shooting going on that they thought that this is just not
 a good influence.
 So they actually took a stand and completely banned it.
 But anyway, one other thing that they almost banned quite recently, it's because they went
 through an energy crisis.
 The president did come out and say he urged all women to stop using hair dryers because
 that was using up too much energy.
 He thought hair dryers specifically were causing huge shortages.
 What people using them to blow on the genitals of frogs and jumping competitions?
 He said, I think a woman-- this was his justification for why they should stop.
 I think a woman looks better when she runs her fingers through her hair and lets it dry naturally.
 But yeah, they tried to stop hair dryers in Venezuela as well.
 Venezuela has the world's largest oil reserves.
 Does it really?
 Yeah.
 Oh, wow.
 South of Arabia in 2010.
 That's amazing.
 The first documented shipment of petroleum from Venezuela was in 1539 when a single barrel
 of oil was sent to Spain to alleviate the gout of Emperor Charles V.
 Wow.
 There's oil stuff.
 It's great.
 Can you send another million barrels?
 No, please.
 Our gouts got really bad.
 The first bread maker was horse-powered that I could find.
 The baker was horse-powered?
 No.
 It's a dough mixer.
 It's a mechanical dough mixer that was referenced in 150 BC.
 It was invented actually by a freed slave and it was this massive basin and it had wooden
 paddles in it that would mix the dough around and horses were attached to them so they'd
 just go round and round and mix up the dough.
 Wow.
 Quite cool.
 First bread was horse-drawn.
 Yeah.
 Just one more thing about Venezuela.
 Yeah.
 Do you know what it means?
 The name, Venezuela.
 Oh.
 It means little Venice.
 Oh, I did know that.
 It's quite of the fact that this is almost completely unlike the North London area known as
 little Venice.
 It's not even like Venice either, really.
 No, but they will have named it when they arrived at the Gulf of Marrakayba or whatever it's
 called.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Lake Marrakayba, yeah.
 It wasn't just thought there's water here.
 There's water in Venice.
 It's the dog's wet.
 That's exactly what I know.
 It was a Marigo Vespucci, who is a American named after him or do we think it's not?
 Well, QI thinks it's not.
 I think it is.
 I think it is as well.
 Okay.
 But when he got there, whatever the rights and wrongs of that particular story, he saw
 indigenous stilt houses which were designed to avoid floods and a guy in a gondola.
 Yeah.
 And a cornetto.
 Is that what they have?
 Yeah.
 So he said this is just like Venice.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Chuzinski.
 My fact this week is that GCHQ has an internal ghost hunting club.
 So cool.
 This is internal ghost hunting.
 It's not looking for internal ghosts.
 Find your inner ghost.
 Wait, is it that they're the first group of spooks to be found looking for ghosts?
 Oh.
 No, it's not that neat.
 Right, got it.
 Cool.
 So this came out a couple of years ago.
 It's come out in 2013 actually.
 It was the WikiLeaks leak of lots of GCHQ correspondence, a lot of which was very important.
 And then there was this, which was just an exchange of emails that confirmed it's got a ghost
 hunting group and it arranges trips to kind of haunted houses.
 It's advertised to staff and partners whether they're skeptics or believers.
 And yes, for visits to reputedly haunted properties, how they spend this bird time.
 Yeah, so that was a part of a Edward Snowden leak, that was the big Edward Snowden leak.
 And it was that, it was one bit of it, wasn't it, where it kind of showed the inside social
 life of the people who work at GCHQ, because it goes beyond just having a ghost hunting club.
 It would be weird if that was the only social life I've ever had.
 Look at the noticeboards, there's only one that is covered in exoplanes.
 But yeah, apparently they have their own in sort of internal social media platform, which
 is called a pun on my space, spy space.
 It's good that you clarified what that was a pun, otherwise we wouldn't have got it.
 They should call it Facebook, what's that parody pun?
 So they have a good social secretary in GCHQ and it sounds like they have a really fun time.
 So there was another bit of correspondence that was leaked about the football tournament.
 They have a sports day every year and the main event is a football tournament in which
 every team has to have one lady player at all times.
 So I thought saying lady player sounds like a weirdly old fashioned term.
 It also sounds like a bloke who sleeps around.
 I guess I'm a bit of a lady player.
 Yeah, maybe that's what it was asking for.
 It was amazing though, the football tournament they had in which that rule was issued came
 with a six-page rule book.
 It said the wearing of shimpads is caps lock on compulsory caps lock off.
 There were a lot of capsules in the correspondence and it made me think they're a bit trumpy in
 the way they communicate in GCHQ.
 They need to chill out a little bit.
 Do you think maybe GCHQ learned the art of shouting in capitals from Trump when they were
 whitesapping him?
 Oh yeah, good boy.
 And if you're listening, guys, and we know you are naughty, you can't believe you're whitesapping
 Trump.
 I think it's been from there from the beginning because if you look at it, you'll notice
 GCHQ is written completely in capitals for every single time.
 So they sometimes do think little things to engage with the public.
 Obviously, they're very, very secretive, but they had this Christmas card puzzle last year,
 which you may remember.
 Yes.
 So 600,000 people tried at least the opening stage, which is amazing, that's 1% of everyone
 in the country.
 Nobody got it in the time allocated.
 Three people got close and they each won a paperweight.
 Right.
 What was the actual prize if you got it all?
 I don't know.
 You became a spy.
 I believe so, yeah.
 Do you reckon they tell us if the person got it and was become a spy?
 That's a good point.
 There's a picture on the front cover of a newspaper.
 Maybe hundreds of people got it.
 They all become spies.
 Yeah, you're right.
 That is, I just can't believe that if you're in the top three of 600,000 people, they're just
 giving you one paperweight.
 That must be a code for something.
 Yeah, exactly.
 It must be an extra bit of puzzle.
 On the bottom of the paperweight, it says Midnight Tower Bridge.
 Yes.
 Leave your family behind.
 We're going ghost hunting.
 I went on the GCHQ website and they have some FAQs there.
 Oh, yeah.
 FAQ.
 Does GCHQ have rabbits running around the garden in the middle of the building?
 What?
 Answer, sadly no.
 We don't have rabbits in our garden.
 The only wildlife we have here are ladybirds, burrows and pigeons.
 Why would they...
 I think they're ducking the big questions about their role in working with the NSA.
 You might be right about that or I might have deliberately chosen the most reasonable
 of all the questions.
 Oh, maybe it's a bit of both.
 Do they have any moles?
 Very good.
 Yes, very good.
 Very good.
 Well, there is a question.
 Do you have a network of underground tunnels beneath Cheltenham so staff can move around
 the town without getting stuck in traffic?
 Yes.
 And have all their ferret racing tournaments in privacy.
 It sounds like Midnight was a ferret asking about the rabbits, actually.
 Maybe FAQs is ferret asking questions.
 What is the...
 So I know that GCHQ is involved in code cracking and deciphering and stuff.
 Are they the sort of digital security for the UK?
 It's eavesdropping, basically.
 I think it's essentially our eavesdropping agency.
 So it's tapping into people's phones, it's hacking into people's computers, that kind of thing.
 But predominantly office-based, as opposed to in the field.
 Yes, so I actually read an interview with a woman called Annie MacMahon.
 I'm not sure if that's how you pronounce her name, but she worked at MI5.
 And she was describing the difference between MI5, MI6 and GCHQ staff.
 And she said, GCHQ staff tend to be the boffins, the types that are technically brilliant
 at things like coding and encryption, but perhaps not brilliant at a party.
 Okay.
 That's their vibe.
 Another Edward Snowden leak was, it was a list of GCHQ techniques and their code names.
 Yeah.
 And then if you saw that, some quite good names.
 The ones which the newspaper article picked up on were concrete donkey, angry pirate and
 swamp donkey.
 And then a few others that I found, not allergy, country file, dirty devil, clumsy beekeeper and
 pistrix.
 Wow.
 Is that the Donald Trump related?
 Hacking wiretapping operation.
 They were all so technical, I couldn't really understand what they meant.
 Okay.
 I met a, years ago, I made a UFO documentary, remember that?
 I can 2014 and I went around meeting a lot of people who both believe in UFOs, but I met
 one guy as well called Mark Pilkington, who made a documentary about the idea that governments
 are seeding disinformation into the field of ufology and things generally.
 So they're kind of creating distractions.
 And part of the leaks from the Snowden leak was a PowerPoint that showed members who
 worked with GCHQ how to spread disinformation.
 It was a whole thing, really interesting.
 So do we think this whole ghost-tunting malarkey is just a bit of a red herring to throw
 us off the center of the fact that they're hacking into all of our secret information?
 Maybe they're going, oh, I believe that the Russian Embassy is haunted.
 That's good to see if we can find some ghosts.
 Oh, I think your laptop is haunted, isn't it, even though?
 Look, the mouse is moving all by itself.
 So outside the front of GCHQ, there were these things called the listening stones.
 Have you guys heard of this?
 An artist created them.
 There's these giant, there's nine of these stones and they're carved with codes and some
 of them have just odd headlines.
 So the theory is that the stones are using a very old theory about what ghosts were, which
 is have you heard of the Stone Tape theory?
 No.
 Stone Tape theory, this was put out in the 1960s, I believe.
 The idea is that this person thought that when you exude energy, energy can latch onto
 things in life.
 And so the idea is that ghosts are merely a sort of audio recording, as it were, not the
 spirit of someone that's hanging around as dead, but it's sort of left over energy.
 If you're getting murdered, you exude a lot of energy and it traps it there.
 And so the idea is that the listening stones are there to trap human conversations that
 they can later listen to.
 If GCHQ is spending all of our taxpayers money just eavesdropping on these stones outside
 the building, you'd be very disappointed, is that what they're doing?
 They think that dead people have trapped their voices inside these stones and that's
 how they're trying to voice it out.
 The blog society ex believes so, as you go back to doing their proper job, tapping Donald
 Trump's emails for Barack Obama.
 OK, it's time for a final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that there are now washing machines in India that have a button specifically
 for curry stains.
 Is it really a button just says curry?
 Yeah.
 Well, I saw a picture on the BBC website and I don't know if they mocked it up as a sort
 of joke picture, but there's one extra button which is a setting.
 Obviously, this is a panasonic.
 It's a digital interface kind of thing, but it says curry.
 And then it says oil as well.
 There is one.
 It's an extra setting for hair oil.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 So basically, what they've, what they've realised is obviously the main staple of food
 in India is curry and the way that it breaks down in a washing machine isn't that good.
 Predominantly, that's the main stain that you're getting as well.
 So they wanted to deal with that.
 So panasonic have spent two years analysing the ingredients of curry.
 They've been studying water temperatures and so on.
 And they've now worked out a way that removes the stains properly.
 But not many people have washing machines in India.
 It's only about 10% of the population.
 So it's a sort of just an innovation that I guess 10% of a billion still are lost.
 I just quite like the niche sort of, the dealing of niche stains.
 It's very exciting.
 They've worked out sort of the optimal current strength of the water and the optimum, you
 know, the washing time.
 It just sounds like a very intense washing cycle.
 You know, when you go to different settings on your washing machine, it claims this is
 for cotton, this is for special weave, this is for, and actually, isn't it just that
 the time goes up and up and up?
 Temperature.
 And yeah, time and temperature go up and up and up.
 And maybe it's a spin, I think it might be the spin speed, too.
 Possibly.
 But they're not, they're adding in any special ingredient, do we think?
 They suddenly inject in some kind of acid as soon as you click curry.
 If you get a red curry on your clothes, you have to wash it out with white curry immediately.
 It's very cool.
 Will we get, are they going to do a British one for what?
 Yeah, I don't know, I don't know what they would do for us, I mean, it would, it would also
 be curry, that's true.
 They have, though, panasonic.
 It's not the only sort of laundry product that they've been looking into.
 They've funded 10% of this new product, which some people have dubbed a lawn droid.
 Because it is a machine that folds your clothes for you.
 So the company that have sort of talked about this and invented this say that they've worked
 out that the average person spends 9,000 hours of their life folding clothes.
 Well, I bring that average really, really far down.
 Yeah, me too.
 I don't fold any of my clothes.
 I do bring it quite far up again, because I fold my clothes very neatly.
 So Andy, as someone who does it a lot, you are wasting, according to them, 375 days of
 your life.
 I don't think of it as wasting then.
 I think I have a better life as a result, and I think with those, I wouldn't know what to
 do with that extra time, frankly, what am I going to do, something to beach somewhere?
 No, thanks.
 I'll be folding.
 I'll be in the folding room.
 Is that a beach with unfolded clothes?
 So this machine, it's been launched, and you can see a video, it's ridiculous, and you
 have to put in one shirt at a time, so far as I could see, you put it in.
 It closes its doors like an oven, and then, after 10 minutes, it's folded your shirt.
 10 minutes, I don't like to boast.
 But I've managed to get it down to something a little more like 7.
 So what was the company, the Panasonic?
 Panasonic did this, yeah.
 So I think we should give a little bit of balance, Samsung, have got some good innovations
 in washing machines at the moment.
 Some of the more recent innovations, I'm not quite sure what all these are, but the latest
 models have got EcoBubble, whatever that is, wobble technology, what that is, and a magic
 dispenser.
 It is another nickname for the penis, actually.
 Yeah, I don't want that magic dispenser setting anywhere near my clothes, but it's good
 to come out and wash.
 Magic dispenser, and that's a lot of models in Samsung have got magic dispensers at the
 moment.
 Samsung have an explosion setting at the moment, don't they?
 It was Samsung washing machines, it was exploding last year as well.
 I don't think it was an actual setting on it, but yeah, they like their phones, they were
 exploding, and so they had to recall a lot of washing machines.
 I think it's one of the largest ever product recalls in history.
 I think it was something like 2.8 million washing machines, and that is a lot.
 That's a lot.
 If you're wondering at home, that is a lot of washing machines.
 How many was it?
 2.8 million, I think.
 Oh, that's a lot.
 And they're still, actually, I read a news report about that this morning, they're still hunting
 for 5,000 in Western Australia.
 They should do one of the helicopters.
 They out in the wild?
 They are.
 They roam in herds of 20 to 30.
 Yep, my washing machine escapes the other day.
 And genuinely, it sits behind a cupboard door, so you know, you put it over the cupboard
 door and the washing machine's behind it, and I put a wash on, and I came out and I
 had thrust the door open, and I was poking about four inches out of it.
 Good job.
 You got there in time.
 Yeah.
 It's a wrangle it back.
 It could have been rampaging across London, as we speak.
 I tried to find a scientific report on, you know, it's that trope you see that women sit
 on washing machines, because it leads to orgasms.
 Because they've heard about the magic dispenser.
 Yes, exactly.
 Yeah.
 But, no, I couldn't find anything except a lot of videos of women doing it, which I didn't
 watch.
 I was folding at that time.
 I know, that's what the video was.
 Because I had to watch a few to make sure that the line was correct.
 Well, other naughty things you can do with washing machines.
 Yeah.
 Keep cocaine in them.
 Okay.
 So, a policeman in Yorkshire has just been found guilty of a range of drug offences, but
 one of the things was he was taking drugs that the police had seized and then selling it
 back onto the streets.
 Oh, yeah.
 He found out about this, so he's just been found guilty, hasn't been sentenced yet.
 And he was found to be keeping 11 kilos of cocaine in his washing machine.
 Was he like, because it's a white powder, and then you've got white powder going into
 your washing machine, so was he pretending it was personal?
 Well, all the detergents come out of the plastic bags, the detergent comes in again.
 Well, the prosecution lawyer opened the case by asking the jury, what do you keep in your
 washing machine?
 Keith Boots had over 11 kilograms of cocaine worth hundreds of thousands of pounds
 on the street in his.
 I found my cocoa pops in my washing machine the other day, and Phanella put them in there
 because at our house we were selling our flat at the moment, she thought they'd go through
 the cupboards and they would be put off by seeing a box of cocoa pops out, and she put it
 in the washing machine, but she didn't tell me.
 So when I went to put the washing in the washing machine, my box of cocoa pops are sitting
 inside.
 Was it that she thought they'd be put off by particularly dirty cocoa pops and they needed
 to go to a cycle?
 No, just they just saw.
 I always ask, my first question actually, on viewing any property, is are there any
 cocoa pops on the premises?
 I think it was partially that we didn't have space in the cupboard for it and she didn't
 want it out in display.
 I think your wife is in Paris that you eat cocoa pops in the washing machine.
 Do you keep finding the cocoa pops in the washing machine?
 Yeah.
 I should put my crunchy nut in the dishwasher once.
 Yeah.
 It's like a funny treasure hunt in my house, but breakfast in the mornings.
 Have you guys heard of Ricky Maisel?
 Yeah.
 Ricky Maisel.
 Ricky Maisel.
 No, who is that?
 No, who's he?
 Ricky Maisel says he's the world leader in escaping washing machines, right?
 So he climbs into a washing machine.
 Or Dan's wife throws him into the washing machine because there's someone coming round.
 Well, he's got something to eat in there, don't he?
 That's what it is.
 Is this where you have to go after you've had an argument, do you have to sleep in the
 washing machine?
 I'll be in the machine.
 So Ricky gets into these machines, or Phinella puts him in there, and as long as they're
 in the machine with at least a 14 inch door on a 27 inch drum, apparently.
 And he boasts that I have successfully escaped from 40 brands of washing machines in 42
 countries.
 Wow.
 Watch a video.
 I've watched three.
 That's why you and Dan were both sitting there watching washing machine videos, Dan of
 women sitting on them.
 And you have this bloke climbing out of them.
 He climbs in.
 And the way it happens is it gets to you climbs in, and it's very small, it's impressive,
 and it gets turned on and you start spinning around.
 It's turned on.
 Yeah, it gets turned on.
 That's pouring.
 It starts spinning up and then after a certain amount of time, he starts banging really, really
 hard on the window, and the assistant has to stop it and let him out.
 What is that?
 And that happens in all three videos.
 I think that technically isn't as scary as it is.
 Yeah.
 It's like when Houdini's wife just lets him out of the hang.
 So I think very much, don't try this at home.
 Yes.
 I'm starting to question Ricky.
 I don't know.
 Well, yeah, I thought the claim to be a washing machine escapist was a strong one given that
 what you do is scream out for help and the person nearest has to open the machine.
 I read a website saying that the first modern washing machine was invented in 1899, and I
 don't think it's true.
 Ooh.
 But when I was searching to see if it was true, I found a movie from 1899 called Scrubbums
 washing machine, and I can't find the video of it.
 So I'm not sure if it even exists, because it's so old.
 But there is a review from 1902, and it was two girls in a hotel laundry are experimenting
 with a new washing machine.
 I've seen that video.
 They turned the handle the wrong way, and the machine explodes, drenching them with
 suds and wrecking the place generally.
 The scene is very humorous and exciting.
 Mm.
 Sounds great.
 Sounds great.
 So then I went onto IMDB and search for washing machine, and it's really weird.
 There's hardly any movies called The Washing Machine, some most of cinematic history.
 And then there was one in the '90s or something.
 And then in 2010, there was a movie called The Washing Machine.
 In 2012, there was a movie called The Washing Machine, and in 2014, there was also a movie
 called The Washing Machine, and there were all different movies.
 Wow.
 So not reboots?
 Not reboots, completely different snopsies are completely different.
 Wow.
 And also, there is an actor called George Washing Machine.
 No.
 He's known for a country practice in 1981 and a place to call home from 2030.
 What is it one night's way?
 I would say he is not known for those.
 In a very nice way, I think he is more known for being called George Washing Machine.
 Is that double barrel, so a name or one?
 No, one word.
 It could, I mean, unless it's some kind of auto-correcting IMDB or something, and it's
 supposed to be George Washington, but maybe he was called George Washington.
 Oh, who was famously known for his cameo roles and whatever.
 What is the call home?
 What is the call home?
 Auto-correct is bad.
 I don't think it's that bad.
 The name corrects Washington, a word and a name.
 So my other thought is maybe he's called George Washington, and there's another one,
 a famous one, so he had to change his name, and this was the first thing he thought
 out.
 I don't know.
 Standing in the utility room, looking around on the phone, Washington's taken.
 George Coco Pops.
 I always reading that in Australia, researchers are on the brink of making a new innovation,
 which is clothes that wash themselves.
 Oh, yeah.
 Wow.
 So it's quite interesting.
 It's all about the fabric that they're using, and what they're harnessing is sunlight.
 The idea that as soon as sun touches the fabric, it burns off whatever organic matter is
 on top of the fabric itself.
 So it says to grow special nanostructures, which can degrade organic matter when exposed
 to light.
 Hang on.
 When I'm on the beach in the sun in my stained clothes, and they're when they're Andy who's
 folding in the hotel, the stains don't disappear as I expose myself to the sunshine.
 Yeah, because you're not wearing the new technology.
 You don't have the nanostructures.
 Oh, so you need that.
 So they're harnessing sunlight in a specific way.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's like you can flash sunlight on something and it brings it.
 Yeah, they're inventing this thing.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 I was reading a paper about the history of the washing machine, and it's written by a
 really angry man, who opened his paper by saying the entire history of washing machines
 is one of the most ignored and most misrepresented segments of the history of technology.
 And the whole thing is a diatribe against all other washing machine historians who keep
 on misquoting these first washing machine patents.
 He's really upset.
 But I did find in the course of that, the patent for the travel washing machine, have you
 guys seen this?
 Oh, no.
 This is in 1952, and they actually trialed this.
 And the idea was that people were getting into going out in camper vans and they wanted to
 be able to wash their clothes on the road.
 And it was a washing machine where you affix the drum to the wheel of your car, to the back
 wheel.
 That's smart.
 And as you drove, it spun around.
 Very good.
 Yeah.
 And he's always killed after cutting into wrong washing machine.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, James, @Xhapes, Andy, @AndrewHunterM, and Shazinski.
 You can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account @QIPodcast or go to our website.
 No such thing as a fish.com.
 We will be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
