 [Music]
 Hello and welcome back to another Drop As A Line. This is the bonus bit of fish
 where we talk about your correspondence, the facts,
 corrections, telling-offs, and lucrative commercial offers that you've all been
 sending in to the QI inbox, specifically the podcast inbox. If you
 would like to contact us, all you have to do is write to podcast@qi.com
 and it will be lovingly read and curated and if you have extra information
 about the show then we'd love to hear it. So first up would you like
 bonus information about Roger Bannister or about an octopus in a toilet?
 I want Bannister personally. Okay, this is from Rihanna Fowler. Rihanna says
 just wanted to email in after listening to the latest episode
 as I may have a small piece of intel on the Roger Bannister biscuit conspiracy.
 Oh, what was that? What was that? If you remember it was an interview who asked him
 "What's your favorite biscuit?" and he said "No, no, no, I'm not telling you."
 That's a silly question. I'm not talking- and he kept asking you know
 and Bannister eventually just ended the interview. Okay, Rihanna says
 "My grandma worked briefly with Roger Bannister when she was training to be a
 nurse in London back in the 50s and has always told us
 that he'd come into the ward kitchen late at night to pinch a cup of hot cocoa
 and some biscuits." Wait a minute. When this interviewer came in Bannister
 thought "I've been rumbled. I'm not answering any questions about that."
 Rihanna says "A bold choice of snack for someone quotes 'not into
 biscuits'." I actually think it is the Lady Death
 protest too much with this because I just remembered, I don't think I mentioned
 this, my brother worked on his autobiography
 and he said whenever he went to Roger Bannister's house
 his wife would bring in a tray of tea and biscuits. Okay,
 very nice. I was just thinking that it's a bit of a shame because Roger Bannister
 he's really well known as a runner right but he always wanted to be well known
 as a surgeon and was quite annoyed that people
 knew him as a runner and now everyone's just talking about the biscuits.
 So now he's most well known as someone who doesn't like biscuits or maybe
 does like biscuits. Second most well known as the first
 Bannister runner four-minute mile and third best well known for his medical
 stuff. You never know what you're going to be
 remembered for do you? No, it's true. It sounds to me like you
 love biscuits so much you couldn't choose. Like if someone asked your favorite child
 you would be quite annoyed if they kept on persisting. You'd be like "I don't want
 to answer that question." I don't know. I think my parents can
 an answer will occur to you before you say "I don't have a favorite child, I'm sure."
 I guess so. Yeah, you're just going to make sure it doesn't come out of your mouth.
 Exactly, yeah. Okay, great. Thank you very much Rhianna.
 Any more info on Bannister's Biscuits. Please.
 Podcast.qi.com. Here's something from Emily Hall.
 "Hello Anna or whoever else monitors this mailbox."
 Hi Emily. Thanks Emily in advance.
 Some of us put in lots of you know reading it. Anyway Emily says
 "I noticed a few interesting parts of the Wikipedia articles about each of you
 and thought you'd be interested to hear about them."
 So she's quoting directly here. "James Harkins.
 Use of puns has been reviewed positively." Oh yeah, that's it.
 It doesn't say that's the thing. "Dan Treiber is proficient in Mandarin."
 And Emily adds "I don't dispute this but Dan did mention that he forgot his name
 in Mandarin when he went back to school." Yeah, I've got sauce needed for both of
 these so far. We've been in a restaurant with Dan
 and he spoke Mandarin to the person who ran the restaurant.
 Yeah, that's right. Boston was that, maybe?
 It was in Boston, that's correct. But didn't say his own name though. Didn't say
 his own name. Didn't introduce himself. No, no. They said "What's your name?"
 And he was like "Oh, I don't know." I just repeated back to him what he said.
 But I think part of that you said that part of the discussion was you
 explaining to them that you can't really speak Mandarin very well.
 Yeah, and then they did bring us all the wrong food.
 My Mandarin is terrible now. I've been out of Hong Kong since I was 12 years old.
 But can I just say I forgot my name when I was
 five years old at school or six years old. This was a very long time ago.
 Oh, that's fine. Yeah, yeah. But I'm not proficient at it. That should change.
 That is a citation needed. Okay.
 Can we change it to semi-proficient? Yeah, I'd buy that.
 So James's use of puns have been reviewed positively.
 "Dan Treiber is proficient in Mandarin."
 "Dan-der-in" more like. Wow. Brilliant.
 There's more positive reviews for that, a wiki article off the back of that.
 "Tajinsky has been noted for her dry humour on the podcast."
 Hmm, interesting. So James turns that "Tajinsky has been
 noted for her dry humour on the podcast. And Emily says, "You don't seem like a
 type of people to Google yourselves, so I thought you'd like to learn some of
 the things people have written about you. Thank you for making the podcast."
 Emily. That's it. That's the email. Oh, really?
 Yep. So thanks, Emily.
 She knows you are the type to Google yourself, so
 you've memorized your own Wikipedia page.
 You must be on Wikipedia. Yeah, I am. It's a bit shorter than I'd like.
 Yeah. I didn't know any of us except Dan were on.
 Yeah, we're all on. Oh, there we go.
 Some people's entries are apparently more full of facts than others.
 The main response we've had in the past week, I'd say, has been about the
 Sour Patch Kid medical procedure.
 Dan, you weren't here for this. This was the Steve Mould episode, was it?
 Exactly. Yeah, yeah. So it's a way of dealing with
 an anal prolapse. Prolapse rectum. You sprinkle sugar on it
 and the prolapse rectum goes down and then you can just prod it back in.
 Oh, wow. And it's known as the Sour Patch Kid, or sometimes sugaring the rim.
 Yeah. So much. So much correspondence on this.
 Really? Lots of photos.
 Safia Flurry said, "I'd just like to confirm no such thing as assertion that
 anal prolapse can be treated with sugar." I learned this from an Iranian guy who
 reversed his chicken's prolapsed uterine with pomegranate compresses.
 Wow. You're spending a lot on that. I mean, just put some basic sugar on
 forking out with a pomegranate. No, you want to treat your chickens right.
 Sam Kelsel says, "My wife is a vet and confirms that sugar on a prolapse is
 standard practice. They even had to steal the sugar used for the teas and
 coffees in the kitchen once for just that reason."
 Hannah says, "I have a dog that gets too intimate with a cushion to the point
 that he gets too engorged and can't retract his boy bits."
 When this happened, I rang the vet and they told me to put a sugar and water
 mixture on it and it went down. They said they get off that all the time.
 That was an interesting call to make in front of my 10-year-old son.
 Wait, so it's a boner killer as well? Yeah, it is. It just makes the blood go down.
 Wow. And I wrote back to Hannah actually and asked for a bit of
 clarification on this. You know, she wrote back, "Dog has not
 learned from his experience. All cushions have had to be removed from the lounge."
 Push it around the cushions. Cover the cushions with honey.
 Great idea. Yeah, very good idea. Look, the main bit of correspondence we've
 had on this is from someone called Arna and I just wanted to tell you, it's
 slightly longer, but hello all. I accidentally misheard something James
 said and as a result, for about 10 minutes, my entire view of the world
 was shaken. I thought I knew what, this is quite rude, this email. So if you're
 listening to this and you're, you know, six years old, maybe just, I mean, you know.
 Don't tell your mum. Yeah, exactly. I thought I knew what a
 prolapse stainless was and so I was mostly unshocked by your
 discussion until I heard James say, "Basically,
 it's when your intestines come out of your rectum."
 Except that I didn't hear the word intestines. I'm American
 and I'm used to hearing that pronounced as "intestines"
 rather than "intestines." Maybe that's what confused me.
 Maybe James said it rather quickly. It doesn't matter.
 What matters is that I thought James said, an anal prolapse was,
 "When your testes come out of your rectum."
 Yeah, I think we all saw the error there. And I trust you guys. I know you're
 smart, good at research people. So I believe this.
 For a good seven to ten minutes, I believed I lived in a world
 where you could mess up a butt so badly
 that your testes could get sucked up into your body
 and pulled out of your abyss. I don't think anyone has ever been more relieved
 by the Google results for how does a prolapse stainless happen?
 I now once again live in the world where part of your intestines might poke out
 of your anus a little bit. But let me tell you, this world we live in
 has one great gift. And that is that your balls can't come out of
 your butt, no matter what you do.
 Kind regards, Anna. I think that might be a better world.
 It's like you've got your own space op.
 That's a great question. Anna, thank you so much. I actually got a
 vaginal message this week. We get a lot of feedback on the podcast
 that we mentioned penises too much. I couldn't agree more. I can't stop them.
 But I do think we welcome any vaginal antidotes to that.
 But this is where my guy called Mark McConnell, who actually sends so many
 good facts in. And his fact is it was headlined.
 In fact, the subject line was poetical vagina, terracotta army,
 Walter Gastang. We get some really good subject lines
 in our podcast. But it's about a guy called Joe Davis.
 This is the kind of person you would know about Dan.
 He's an artist and scientist who decided that,
 well, he was sad that aliens didn't have any representations of human genitals
 to go on. And so he sent out into space the sound of
 vaginal contractions. And he created a special system, I think,
 like a special vagina contracting detection machine,
 and then brought it to a ballet company. He brought it to,
 I think it was the Moscow Ballet. I don't know why they all agreed to do this.
 But he recorded their vaginal contractions and he transmitted them out into space.
 He was working at university at the time. I think someone like Stanford.
 And so they transmitted it into space for about two minutes.
 And then it was shut down by the U.S. Air Force.
 But those sound waves will still be traveling in space, right?
 Each big star cluster sounds rude somehow.
 They know what a vaginal contraction sounds like,
 which is actually more than I can say for myself.
 I'm not aware of that sound. I've been to the Bolshevik Ballet
 and it was the Nutcracker weirdly enough.
 And to be honest, I heard only the music. I didn't hear any contractions.
 Well, James, this is going to explode your brain.
 There were no instruments being played that day.
 Wow. Incredible. That's great.
 Very cool.
 I've got one final fact that was sent in to us.
 I must have sent in by someone called Wyatt Nottingham.
 And it just, well, I'll just read you the fact.
 Do you, this is the whole email, by the way, as well.
 This is the entire email in its entirety that I'm about to read out to you.
 Do you know that in Jasmine, Saskatchewan,
 it is illegal for a cow to moo within 300 kilometres of a private home?
 Wyatt Nottingham. So thanks for that.
 I don't know it. And nor do I believe it. Why?
 What? It can't be true.
 What do you mean?
 I don't think it is true.
 No.
 Just giving it an example of some of the absolutely untrue stuff
 that gets sent in to us sometimes.
 That makes sense to me. It's simply a distance thing.
 So it's saying a full cow, but they're just saying,
 if you can hear a moo within that distance.
 Within 300 kilometres.
 300 kilometres. You've got amazing hearing.
 Canada's big.
 You've got farmers who need to live near the cows they're raising.
 Are you saying they have to live more than 300 kilometres from their herd?
 You guys have lived in a big country like I have in Australia.
 You know, things are further away and that's just how it is.
 You get used to it.
 300 kilometres? Yeah, nothing. It's fine.
 Yeah.
 I'm with you. Whatever your name was.
 E-mailer.
 Wyatt Wyatt.
 Okay. Well, Wyatt, if you have any actual evidence, that's true.
 If you've any other facts, please send them my way.
 We need some for the show.
 Send it in to droppersaline, which is podcast@qi.com.
 That's right.
 I can't say I miss Dan's corner.
 I quite like Anna's corner.
 Anna's corner was fun today.
 Yeah.
 The corner's been moving around a bit, hasn't it?
 We've been doing a corner.
 Well, what are we hearing?
 You were good. You were fun too.
 Well, could you stick that on my Wikipedia page, please?
 I need the support.
 Okay, guys, that's it.
 Thank you so much for your correspondence.
 It's an absolute joy to read.
 And if you have more information about any of the things
 you've heard on Fish or on this episode of droppersaline,
 I mean, maybe we'll bring the prolapse chat to a close
 at some point in the near future.
 But I don't want to promise that either.
 I mean, you know, it might be more info out there about it.
 Either way, send it into podcast@qi.com.
 Thank you very much for listening to this.
 We hope you've enjoyed it.
 We'll see you next time.
 Bye.
 Bye.
 You
 You
 You
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
