 Hello Clubfish members, do I have an exciting message for you, especially if you like live
 shows?
 Because that's right, we are doing some live shows this summer, and they will be at
 the Royal Institution in London, and we're playing in the very venerable lecture
 theatre, it's where they do the Royal Institution Christmas lectures.
 We went there once before last year, and for some reason they're letting us come back.
 So if you would like to come to these shows, they will be on the 21st of July, the 22nd,
 the 23rd and 25th of July, and pre-sale for you lovely Clubfish members starts today,
 and runs until Friday the 5th of June, so quick, before those non-clubfish members get
 in there, go to nosysthingsaffish.com/ri-summer, and that is where you can get your exclusive
 pre-sale ticket.
 One more thing to say is that if you are not in the UK on the 21st of July, there will
 be live stream tickets available, so you can watch the show from the comfort of your own
 home.
 But yeah, go to nosysthingsaffish.com/ri-summer to get your tickets now.
 Now before we go on to the actual show, we have another bit of news, in fact, Dan and
 Anna wanted to tell you something very exciting that has been happening at QI Headquarters.
 That's right, so QI has created self-guided walking tours of London, not just any walking tours,
 walking tours full of amazing, weird QI facts, and narrated by none other than an up-and-coming
 talent, Stephen Fry.
 That's right, Stephen will be taking on a tour around Westminster, and that tour begins
 at Big Ben.
 There's the tour of the city and bank side, which starts at St. Paul's Cathedral, and it
 is just rampacked with the kind of facts that QI is the best and only place really to go
 to for.
 That's right.
 So if you want to find out why Londoners used to take baths with geese, or how John Cleese
 pranked Michael Palin at the Glove Theatre, then look up Voice Map on the App Store.
 It's a GPS-activated app that lets you explore at your own pace and accompanies you with these
 facts.
 That's right.
 And also, it will take in your phone's location.
 So if you happen to be in a spot that's relevant to the tour, Stephen will just start
 talking to you from your phone.
 It's absolutely brilliant.
 Who doesn't want that?
 Who does a fry into your daily life?
 Get it now.
 As Anna says, it's on the App Store, or go to voicemap.me/QI.
 Okay.
 Oh, with a show.
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a Weekly Podcast.
 Coming to you from the QI offices in Hobern.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Toshinsky, Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from
 the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that the reason chefs started wearing hennets around food was to
 keep the hennet industry going.
 It's amazing.
 I don't think of it as being an industry even.
 I suppose it must be.
 I suppose someone has to make them.
 Exactly.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 Someone's going to make them.
 I just never thought about that.
 You never think about the hennet makers, do you?
 I imagine it would be like a cottage industry, some kind of village in the north of England
 where they're all made.
 Yeah.
 Maybe in the 1500s, perhaps.
 But I think now, like everything else, some giant city in China.
 So, hennets, nothing to do with hygiene, it turns out.
 This is because Bob's happened in the 19, 15s, 1920s, that is, women had had long hair.
 Suddenly, the Bob became fashionable, short hair, and they didn't need hennets anymore.
 So for hundreds of years, women had worn hennets to sort of keep their hair tidy.
 They lie in hennets to stop messing up on their pillows.
 They have it so that it keeps the curlers in.
 The Bob meant none of that's necessary.
 The hennet industry plummets, and the hennet maker, Vanita, the biggest hennet maker
 around in the US, hired marketing bloke, Edward Bernays, half of them.
 We've talked about before.
 I think we have mentioned him before.
 I think he invented, did he invent egg and chips or something?
 It was, he...
 Bacon and eggs.
 Bacon and eggs.
 He made that the American breakfast.
 He was the one, he was that PR spin master.
 He's the one who made it so that women became a massive market for the cigarette industry,
 six of joy and liberty.
 Yeah, yeah.
 So he was hired by the hennet makers and he, because he was a PR genius, he did two main things.
 He got in touch with loads of celebs and said, hey, start talking about how great long
 hair is because we need to get hennets going again.
 And then B, he thought, I'm going to sort of spread this rumor that it's really unhygienic
 to have hair fall into your food.
 So in restaurants and stuff, if hair gets in the food, that's very bad.
 So he spread this rumor that, you know, you'll get all sorts of diseases from that.
 And within a couple of years, it was state law throughout the US to have hennets in restaurants
 if you were working around you.
 So people didn't use to care if you got hair in the food.
 They liked it.
 It was actively sorted.
 You know that joke.
 Way to way to there's a hair in my soup, don't say it's too loud or everyone will want
 one.
 That was based on real life.
 Yeah.
 Wasn't a joke.
 Yeah.
 That was just what you'd say.
 You used to, apparently, it used to be more than, you would say, oh, you're around
 like a hair and a soup.
 It sounds like that's annoying though.
 But you would never send it back, whereas it was just, yeah, it was into something that
 happens.
 Absolutely.
 It's just something that's inevitable.
 I mean, it is gross finding a hair anywhere that's not on someone's head.
 Let's be real.
 So fair enough.
 I think I'm happy.
 Or another part of the body.
 Yeah.
 You can eat hair.
 Yeah.
 You can eat hair.
 I think the point for me is if you see a hair in the soup, it means that they're not necessarily
 paying attention to the other parts of hygiene.
 It's the brown M&M.
 Yeah, you go.
 It's the brown M&M.
 Yeah.
 If I see a brown M&M in my soup, then first of all, I think it's probably something
 else.
 Yes.
 What's the band?
 Fab Halen.
 Fab Halen.
 That was it.
 Burne, single-handedly, probably, is responsible for the reason the hair net industry is back.
 But the reason it almost toppled was because of one person as well, which was Irene Castle,
 who was this big dancer.
 She did the fox trot.
 She was very famous for it.
 And 1915, she got her haircut into a bob.
 And by 1918, it was being reported that 20,000 women weekly were adopting this new hairstyle.
 Yeah.
 And it was called the Castle Bob, initially.
 Yeah.
 And it was a very liberating thing for women.
 This is why people, society was afraid because women loved it.
 Burne said of that, her net makers are in a state of panic.
 Herp in manufacturers are laying off workers and the hair comb industry is in disarray.
 Mm.
 Right.
 The entire economy was about to plummet.
 Yeah.
 And I found the most valuable hair net ever.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh.
 Well, this is the most valuable one I've been able to find.
 Of course.
 Okay.
 And he guesses us to the value in pound sterling.
 What's--
 You can have to tell us more about it.
 Is it like Marilyn Monroe's hair in its--
 It's a celebrity's hair net.
 Okay.
 We sold it auction in 2003.
 I'm not going to say who wore it though.
 I just want a bit of a fine punch.
 2003.
 I want a blind punt on this of the value.
 Beyonce, and it went for 400,000.
 Oh.
 But I'm not going to specify which currency.
 Okay.
 Bruce Willis, 400 quid.
 Bruce Willis.
 That's right.
 Okay.
 And I want it thing he did.
 Yeah.
 I'm going to say Elsie Tanner from Coronation Street
 and two of the six.
 That's fair.
 Can I change my age?
 No, your car, Jake, is already on it.
 This was won by Ena Sharples on Coronation Street.
 And it was sold at a Cornish auction house for 50 quid.
 50 quid?
 The buyer wished to remain anonymous.
 50 dad.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Was ensigned.
 Bit of it, whatever the holes get in the way.
 That's the only person I could think of who wears hair next.
 Exactly.
 And I think it's the only hair that has
 ever been auctioned, I suspect.
 I can't believe that.
 If you know of a more expensive hair next.
 Podcast at qi.com.
 Oh, what am I doing?
 You know when I was in China, there was a fashion among trendy,
 young women, to-- you know those, like,
 sort of big hair curlers that you get to make a perm.
 They would get one of those, the biggest one
 you could possibly find, and then attach it
 to the fringe and just wear it all the time.
 That's a cool fashion, isn't it?
 It's cool, look.
 Because that's a bit Coronation Street, isn't it?
 Yeah, and that's seen in your curlers.
 The first I thought was Coronation Street,
 but in China, it's the height of fashion.
 In Korea, is it a bad thing to be seen out in your curlers?
 Is it like, oh, she's got my self-respect?
 Yeah, what would happen is, like,
 some ruckus would happen in weather field.
 And then one of the women who's inside doing the perm
 would sort of have to run outside in the--
 Dressing gown.
 --dressing gown and stuff and the curlers.
 And they'd be like, ah, what you're doing, Jack?
 We've all been there.
 That's good.
 That's good.
 That's basically all episodes of Coronation Street
 for the last 60 years.
 Love it.
 Love it.
 Well, on China, China kept the hair in the industry going.
 So people decided they wanted hair
 and it's made of human hair around the turn of the 20th century.
 Hair, really?
 Yeah, yeah, make it out of human hair,
 because then they're sort of invisible.
 They disappear into your hair.
 That's just a wig.
 Yeah.
 It's a wig, but with most of the hair missing.
 Oh, so a net just made out of woven hair,
 so that it looks realistic, or so that it sort of disappears
 into your hair.
 Anyway, the Americans imported them from Germany
 for ages, early 1900s.
 And then someone opening their hair net from Germany
 found a little cotton newspaper cutting in Chinese.
 And they went and investigated the German factories.
 And they've been importing them from China
 where a million women were employed making hair nets
 out of men's hair.
 So it was the time in the Manchu Dynasty
 where men had those long plates at the back.
 So there was a lot of long hair to be cut off.
 Yes, sorry.
 A million women.
 That's correct.
 I know the China's got a big population.
 It does.
 But at the time it would have been--
 It was smaller.
 200 million, 300 million jobs.
 Yes.
 And I want to correct myself.
 It was only half a million women.
 Oh, well.
 Oh, that's completely right.
 But there was a big mirror beside the factory.
 There was a shortage of nurses in China as a result.
 I'm not surprised.
 I'm not surprised.
 And what was the controversy with this?
 Because that does sound above board.
 Its guy is cutting off their hair.
 It was being made into hair nets.
 Was it that Germany was parming it off
 as if they were making it?
 Yeah, Germany was claiming they were making it.
 But they were actually exploiting cheap Chinese labor.
 It was thank God we don't do anymore.
 Yeah.
 And I was so important.
 Agreed.
 When I say what's the problem, that wasn't part of the name.
 It's just capitalism, guys.
 I'll give you a hand at controversy, just what was still on those.
 In 2000, a British celebrity did not wear one.
 And it led to controversy.
 I'm going to say enemy of the podcast.
 Who's that?
 Greg Wallace?
 No, Greg Wallace.
 Another--
 I thought it might be an un-her-sute man
 who doesn't really need one, but they wanted them to wear it.
 I'd say this man didn't really need one.
 Even in 2000, when he was a younger man,
 he's not with us anymore.
 Oh.
 Dan does an incredible impression of him.
 Oh.
 That could be anyone.
 Oh, Prince Philip.
 Prince Philip.
 Prince Philip was visiting a factory in an Australian place
 called Wagga, which we've talked about before,
 because it's spelled Wagga-Wagga, but it's pronounced Wagga once.
 Just that.
 Yeah.
 And then will you only say one Wagga?
 Yeah.
 That's Wagga.
 It's got a silent Wagga.
 It's got a silent Wagga.
 That's extraordinary.
 If you've never been to Wagga Mama, that's where it's from.
 It's misconception of that situation.
 Anyway, Prince Philip was in Wagga.
 And he was visiting a cheese factory.
 But there were shots of him released to the public
 that showed him surrounded by people wearing handnets
 and he was leaning over a big vat of cheese.
 But they said they were considering saving
 the 24 cubic feet of cheese, which they might have to destroy
 and releasing a batch of Prince Philip cheese.
 I think that's not a lies product.
 I don't think so now.
 I'd down would pay a lot for that.
 Yeah.
 You know what I mean?
 And that was 2000.
 Yeah.
 And just to think, just three years later,
 the most expensive hair net will be sold at auction.
 Yes.
 Wow.
 There was a big ear of a hen as well, isn't it?
 I did a deep dive on BBC news stories
 that evolved the word hair bet.
 That's where those both came from.
 Right.
 A deep dive.
 What was it?
 A deep piece talking to you about back in quarter of a century.
 What do you want?
 You know, around the same time as this hen at debacle
 that I mentioned, not your Prince Philip debacle,
 America's first female self-made millionaire
 happened, made herself.
 And she made it in the hair product industry.
 Really?
 Yeah, America's first female self-made industry
 was a woman called Madam C.J. Walker.
 And she specialized in hair care products
 for African-American women.
 And she made herself a millionaire.
 She was literally, she was a first member of her family,
 born out of slavery,
 could be born into complete poverty,
 orphaned, married at 14,
 woulded at 22 kids, became a millionaire.
 She used to sell sulphur.
 And she was a very good markser,
 because I don't know if it worked to actually do
 it much good to her.
 It just stanked like sulphur.
 But she made herself a millionaire from it.
 Good job.
 Cool.
 Hygiene and kitchens, yeah.
 Probably we can say,
 Karem did it a little bit, but a scoffier is the main one.
 We mentioned a scoffier a little bit in the past.
 He's like a big famous old chef who worked at the Savoy
 in the late 19th century, I think.
 But he basically got into the Savoy kitchen and other ones
 and just saw that they were really horrible places to work,
 you know, lots of smoke.
 People weren't really doing any hygiene,
 any sanitation, anything like that.
 If you had any hydration at all,
 it came in the form of wine,
 you just drink a load of wine.
 So he kind of invented the idea of the tall hat
 that they wear, the neck achieve that you have
 to kind of keep all the sweat in.
 And he also commissioned a French doctor
 to develop a special barley drink
 that he would give to all of his chefs
 so that he could keep hydrated
 without drinking any wine.
 Right, he's pretty cool.
 Sounds like it was just beer.
 It could have been in the water.
 It could have been barley water, I can't have a Wimbledon.
 Yeah, I do.
 I like a bit of barley water.
 You do surprise me, Andy.
 We've been to the pub enough times.
 OK, glass of wine, pint of riddles for Dan,
 and Andy, oh, is that a barley water?
 OK, small.
 Yeah.
 I love that.
 I hadn't clocked the chef's outfit with largely
 B to keep you out of the food that you were making.
 Yeah, kind of.
 And the white bit was from Karam who came before him
 and that was to show off if there's any stains and stuff
 so you can see.
 And if there's stains, it's good or bad.
 It's good because it shows that you've been in food.
 No, I know it's bad.
 And it shows that once there's so many stains
 that your shirt is no longer white,
 you probably need to swap it for a white one.
 Yeah, very no.
 No, just checking.
 Just checking.
 I've been suspicious.
 Yeah, you're not the real cook.
 Oh, like, never trust a skinny cook.
 That kind of thing.
 Same with you, the same with your bed sheets, for instance.
 You know, a white bedsheet, because that's
 specials, though, has never slept.
 Exactly.
 I need to know.
 It's kind of a few stains on it.
 They need to be tried and tested.
 I want to be the tenth of the 11th user.
 Whenever you visit a travel lodge,
 you'll have to be a few stains on this at least.
 Yeah.
 And you do the quick hand test to make sure it's a bit damp.
 Yeah.
 I've signed up to Food Safety Magazine
 off the back of this research.
 Right.
 They haven't asked me for any money,
 but I'm willing to pay.
 It's an American publication.
 And they do a--
 Well, it sounds it's Food Safety Magazine.
 Yeah.
 They've got their own podcast.
 Do they?
 Right.
 Any nuggets from them?
 I only got as far as the initial sponsorship advert, which is by--
 They're sponsored by IFC Clorid Dioxide Treatments.
 OK.
 Where--
 Guys, we're available to advertise Clorid Dioxide Treatment.
 Is all your research time now taken up with memberships?
 Membership forms.
 Membership forms.
 Yeah.
 Memberships, mostly.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Is it because you have so much fun doing our inbox
 that you just want more and more emails to go into your personal inbox?
 Absolutely.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's becoming a bit overwhelming.
 The heritage crafts industry, the lighthouse people,
 the most other wallpaper history sites.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Every single web society.
 The other web sites that they still haven't got in touch.
 They've got five pounds of my money.
 I've heard nothing from them.
 They've gone underground.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the fourth US president, James Madison,
 liked to get piggybacks of his wife.
 [LAUGHTER]
 It's really sweet.
 We all would, wouldn't we?
 Yeah.
 I think it was possible.
 Yeah.
 What do you?
 Because I think it probably is.
 I reckon Blena could go a couple of yards.
 I'm afraid I don't think so.
 OK.
 I think I'm a bit heavy for her as much as she has been to the gym recently.
 It's a suspicious amount, in fact.
 [LAUGHTER]
 She's not gay any fissure.
 So I read this on the website of James Madison's Montpellier,
 which is the plantation house of the Madison family.
 And the anecdote comes from someone who was talking about the guided tour
 that they'd been on, and all the facts that they'd learned there.
 And I think we've said before on this podcast that James Madison was five foot four.
 Yes.
 So he's very small. He's about the same height as Helen Mirren, Kevin Hart,
 and the official cutoff for heights during the US Air Force.
 Oh.
 But he was very small man, and it meant that his wife could carry him.
 And the anecdote goes that he and some of his friends are in the gardens,
 and they were messing around and joshing around.
 And they would have races, and during these races sometimes,
 Dolly Madison, his wife, would carry him.
 Lovely.
 I didn't realize that the thing that was holding other presidents back
 from piggybacking on their wives was the fact that they were too big for their wives to carry them.
 What did you think was holding them back? Dignity or...
 Maybe. Dignity. Why would you?
 There are other modes of transport that are faster and more convenient.
 It's been such a long time since anyone gave me a piggy bag.
 What's been holding you back?
 I haven't asked.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Do I want an after the show?
 I would love one, actually.
 Would you?
 It's just nice to get a piggyback from someone, isn't it?
 Yeah, I agree.
 I think, like, if you go to gigs, sometimes people might carry on your shoulders.
 That's a shoulder ride.
 That's a shoulder ride.
 It's a completely different pattern.
 You can't, it's like comparing chalk and cheese.
 Well, also, the kind of gigs I'm going to are mostly like the Barbican,
 or maybe junior-gline-born,
 but there are very few people riding on each other's shoulders.
 But it starts clarinating, isn't it?
 Just Andy.
 Chalk and cheese both begin with CH,
 of course, which makes them a little bit similar,
 and the same way that piggybacks and shoulder rides are quite similar.
 Yeah.
 Really good point.
 So Madison?
 Yeah.
 Shortest Presidency?
 Yeah.
 No.
 Well, he was only five foot four.
 He was only five foot four.
 So he had the shortest.
 Yeah.
 Yep.
 Yep.
 Who's the shortest pride minister?
 Liz Trust must be there, they're about.
 One good question.
 I mean, the stanchor was pretty short, wasn't she?
 Yeah.
 Come on, guys.
 You can't just pick the women.
 We're just saying the women are me.
 Well, women then average a shot of a man.
 And average they are.
 I know.
 I was surprised at Helen Mirren's five foot four.
 Yeah.
 That has taken me by surprise.
 Yes.
 That's a good, that's a good fact.
 But prime ministers.
 Shortest PM.
 I feel like Disraeli would have been quite diminutive.
 It'll probably be one of the 18th century people.
 Yeah.
 He's fed well enough of the child.
 Yeah.
 I will even pit the shorter.
 It will pit the shorter.
 Yeah.
 Yes.
 I want to say Churchill, but I think that's just because he looks like a baby.
 So I'm.
 Yeah.
 I'm projecting his height.
 Yeah.
 Anyway.
 Is this what the poor glasses become?
 You guys just speculate about something.
 No one knows the answer to.
 They'll be quite boring.
 Yeah.
 It's more like a shitty quiz show now.
 Yeah.
 Madison, James Madison.
 Yeah.
 Here's a big deal.
 I'm one of the early ones.
 So like one of the founding fathers, friends with all the big guys that you've heard of.
 But probably of those first four or five, the least famous, I would say.
 Maybe John Adams a little bit.
 But I think so.
 He was president during the war of 1812 when the British burned down the White House.
 And he was the one who had to leg it with Dolly in fact.
 Yeah.
 And there's a story that Dolly grabbed the portrait of George Washington.
 Before they left because she was so patriotic, she was like, we definitely need to keep this.
 Forget about all the cutlery and stuff.
 I'm going to take this.
 But I think it's.
 It's not exactly a myth, but it's a exaggeration.
 Well, she certainly said it.
 So she claimed it.
 And we should say when we say she grabbed it, there's no claim that she grabbed it.
 As with all these things in that age, she stood by ordering people who were enslaved to her to grab it.
 But yeah, she got, she got some people to take the portrait off the wall.
 She claimed it and rolled it up 15 year old Paul Jennings, who was born into slavery.
 But he's a very interesting guy.
 So he and two other servants helped to pull this portrait off the wall and haul it out.
 He later on, I think he gained his freedom.
 He planned the largest ever mass escape from Washington DC in history in 1848 of those who were still slaves.
 And he wrote the first White House memoir ever.
 Did he?
 It was called a colored man's reminiscences of James Madison.
 So he was a big deal.
 Yeah.
 Well, fascinating life.
 And because this has happened at the age of 15, you know.
 Yeah.
 And he lived, I think, to a ripe old age.
 Yeah, right.
 Madison was a great writer as well.
 So, for example, George Washington gave him an address to Congress, April 30th, 1789.
 It was the first presidential inaugural address that was drafted by James Madison.
 There was a response from the House of Representatives to what he had said in this speech.
 And that was written by James Madison.
 So James Madison wrote the reply to the speech that he wrote.
 The president wrote back to the reply.
 And that was also written by James Madison.
 So he was playing as the writer.
 It's wild.
 Keir Starmer wishes that politics was still done.
 And Kenny, I will now write your reply to me.
 And I'll write my response to that.
 The biography reported he was a miserable public speaker who tended to lapse into inaudible mumbling.
 He had very poor health, and I don't think, I think he was very impressive as an intellectual powerhouse,
 but he was not physically imposing or, you know, a brilliant speaker or anything like that.
 Well, thankfully, America never got any more presidents who just mumbled.
 You can't read me.
 Yep.
 Fine.
 So he did have these health problems.
 And he had these attacks in quote marks, which was sort of similar to epilepsy,
 but it's not certain whether, you know, because diagnosis from that, from now to then is quite tricky.
 But apparently he refused to travel to Europe in case he hadn't attacked and fell into the sea.
 Okay.
 He was also really important in the Louisiana purchase.
 Oh, yeah.
 Which I had not properly understood.
 I thought, big deal is Louisiana.
 It's actually 15 modern states, past all of them.
 It doubled the size of America.
 And it was owned by France.
 That's right.
 Yeah, he was really key in the purchase.
 That was under a previous president, I think, but he was very instrumental in it.
 And that blocked Spain and France from further colonisation.
 Yeah.
 I think that was what King Charles made a joke about in his speech recently.
 He said he'd all be speaking French if it wasn't for us.
 Yeah.
 Yes, right.
 And he made a joke about burning down the White House in 1812, didn't he?
 Yeah.
 He made a lot of Madison-centric jokes.
 Yes.
 Now I'm wondering if Madison would have met in that speech at all.
 Yeah.
 I do not open till year 2026.
 And where would you guys say he sits in the sort of list of influential presidents?
 Because it sounds like he kind of shaped the country.
 But it's not a name that I would say is a non-American that you would put up there as the Rushmore, right?
 My only list of American presidents goes in chronological order.
 Yep.
 So I have him for.
 I'm pretty high.
 That's pretty good.
 But it's kind of like how your early birthdays are more significant than later ones.
 Yeah.
 No, turning 12, turning 17, turning 24.
 Yeah.
 I'll tell you four.
 That's a big deal.
 Yeah.
 Sure.
 You learn to walk and you learn to speak.
 And you learn to do all this between second and third birthdays.
 Yeah.
 But just because it's all that stuff happens nice and early.
 Yeah.
 So Madison, he did do the constitution and he did do all of Washington's speeches and stuff.
 But yeah.
 There was lots of that stuff happening.
 Yeah.
 Because Washington was just crapping and sleeping all the time as it was.
 [LAUGHTER]
 He once had his hat stolen and he meant that he couldn't leave the house for days.
 Why were you not allowed to leave the house without your hat?
 Well, you could, but it was a bit embarrassing socially, wasn't it?
 It was like leaving the house without your trousers.
 And this is an anecdote he told to a pal in his old race.
 So I think he was dryly witty.
 He's a very understated president.
 There's not that much flashy stuff about him.
 But I think he said funny things.
 And he once said to his friend and old age,
 did I ever tell you about the time my hat was stolen?
 He said, I was staying in Williamsburg and my hat was stolen out of a window
 that I'd left it on.
 It was nabbed.
 And I was about a mile from the palace that I had to go and visit people in.
 But I was kept from going there for two days by the impossibility
 of getting a hat of any kind.
 And he said, at last, I obtained one from a little Frenchman who sold snuff.
 Very coarse.
 An extremely small crown.
 Wait, snuff was the snuff.
 I believe the snuff was very coarse.
 All right.
 The Frenchman wasn't safe.
 Fuck off, it's my hat.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But yeah, I like the idea.
 You lose your hat then you're imprisoned.
 What a stupid place to leave your hat if that's the most important thing on a window.
 Yeah, on an open window.
 Yeah, glue it to your head.
 Back to Dolly for a second.
 Oh, yes.
 She popularized ice cream in America.
 Did she?
 Yeah, she used to do these sort of parties on Wednesday nights where everyone
 was allowed to have ice creams.
 And the interesting thing about that, because we mentioned another African American
 self-made millionaire.
 The person who made her ice cream was someone called Augustus Jackson.
 And he kind of came up with the idea of adding salt to the mixture, which helps.
 I think we've said before, that's kind of the best way to make ice cream,
 because you add salt to it, and it does an endothermic reaction,
 which makes it cool down quicker.
 Yeah.
 But that was his idea.
 And then from being the White House ice cream person, he started some ice cream shops
 in Philadelphia, and became one of the wealthiest men in Philadelphia,
 because he was the ice cream maker to the president, and then he did his own shops.
 Very cool.
 She was very interesting there, Dolly, because she was born a quaker.
 And her father, who's called John Payne, had been kicked out of the quakers
 because his start business had failed.
 And apparently the quakers were really like down on that sort of thing.
 Is it you failed in your start business?
 No, sorry, you're out.
 I know.
 I'm surprised by that, because they've got such a great rep.
 Yeah, but they're very into hardworking business people, aren't they?
 Yes, that's a good point.
 Well, anyway, then she had an early marriage, and she was widowed.
 And then I think Madison saw her in the street and said, "Who's that widow?"
 And...
 Well, did you know, was she wearing a big W?
 I don't know.
 I don't know.
 But did you check that he didn't leave his hat next to his widow?
 Amazing.
 And then he intervened with Aaron Burr, who was a friend of his at Aaron Burr of like co-star
 of Hamilton Fame.
 Yeah.
 And then...
 But anyway, so she'd been widowed and then she and Madison get together and then they get married.
 And then when they got married, she was kicked out of the quakers.
 So she and her father alike had both been kicked out of the quakers for different reasons.
 Yeah.
 So she got kicked out for marrying...
 For marrying out of the faith, basically.
 Which...
 Yeah, yeah, which she had done.
 Yeah.
 She was very popular, wasn't she?
 And her funeral, it's the largest funeral that Washington DC had ever seen at that point.
 Yeah, she was a very big public figure.
 Congress adjourned and so did the Supreme Court.
 And they all joined.
 President Zachary Taylor, escorting the coffin.
 And then she became a sort of merchandise item.
 Kind of...
 If you imagine after a death, kind of like her Diana, you'd see her on plates and...
 A nice print.
 A nice print.
 Jolly Madison ice cream.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Is that a product?
 Is that a brand?
 Yeah, it was a brand that went until the 1980s, I think.
 And it was spelled differently.
 Yeah, they spelled it wrong, didn't they?
 Everyone spelled it without a knee.
 Until there was a New York Times article in like 1950s.
 It was like, "Dolly Madison spelled with a knee."
 Yeah, we should say we haven't said yet.
 Her name is spelled with a knee.
 But I think that was implied by my story, wasn't it?
 No, that's true.
 But anyone listening will have probably been thinking Dolly like Parton all this time.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 I think she was one of the very few women ever to be first lady for more than one president.
 Because when Madison became president,
 she had already been first lady de facto for Thomas Jefferson.
 As in, like, organising his parties and stuff.
 Organising his party, right?
 Yeah, I'm not sure that that.
 Definitely organising parties.
 I'm not sure, Shagging the President is part of First Lady Tuesday.
 Certainly at the moment.
 But basically, before she was involved,
 it was quite fraught relationships between the...
 It was the Democrat Republicans, wasn't it, as one party and the federalists as the other.
 Yeah.
 Relations were very fraught and they would easily turn to quarrels and violence.
 And basically, these mixers that she held enforced pleasant hanging out
 and basically allowed more of a political culture to emerge
 that would not be based on violence.
 And then Madison became president later on and she helped him throw his balls.
 That was very important.
 The phrase enforced pleasant hanging out is quite well-earned, isn't it?
 What are we doing now?
 Andy's parties are like...
 I am enforcing some pleasant hanging out for ten minutes.
 Get your barley water.
 Dolly was the first person to send a telegraph.
 The first normal person, not professional person whose job it was,
 like Samuel Morse, to invent a telegraph.
 Wow, okay.
 Yeah.
 It was one of those really, really boring ones.
 So Samuel Morse, who invented the telegraph,
 had laid a line of wire between Washington and Baltimore.
 And really, tragically, for President Tyler, who was the president at the time,
 Morse said, "Right, shall we get the president to send the first telegraph
 when the whole crowd went boo-no."
 Really?
 Shit, because they awaited him.
 And everyone said, "Get Dolly, Madison's widow.
 Everyone loves her. She's a laugh."
 So she was called for and she was asked what she wanted to say.
 And when you're put on the spot like that, you can't think of anything.
 So she just said, "Okay, send it to my friend Mrs. Weatherd,
 who lives there saying Dolly Madison sends her love to Mrs. Weatherd."
 Oh, that's all right.
 Yeah, and everyone was like, "Dolly, this is going to arrive in 15 minutes.
 She'll be able to reply."
 And actually, this is where they didn't get it for another six days,
 because there was no means of getting the telegraph from the station to her house at the other end.
 Lovely.
 And then she replied by letter saying, "I went to the station,
 but the equipment had broken, and so they couldn't send a reply."
 So it took about three weeks to transmit the message and get a response.
 A bit harsh on Tyler, I think, who in my list is probably the 10th president.
 Yeah, but back then, that was the last.
 That's true.
 And piggybacks, and I think to do with pigs.
 Is that true?
 So what are they?
 It comes from originally from Pick Pack,
 which just meant carrying something on your back.
 And then that became Pick Back and Pick Back dates from 1736.
 But pigs don't do piggybacks, of course.
 Like it's a silly thing to say.
 If a pig looks like it's given another one of piggyback, they're probably having sex.
 Well, exactly.
 I'm not giving you a piggyback anymore.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 That is Andy.
 My fact is that the world's oceans contain 38,000 billion tons of baking soda.
 What a thought.
 Well, they're big aren't they ocean.
 They're big, but 38,000 billion tons.
 To me, honestly, that could be one part in a quintillion.
 Yeah.
 Or it could be half of all the water.
 I just can't judge it.
 And is that are those in like deposits underneath the?
 I'm so glad you are.
 No, so this is this is mostly in the form of dissolved by carbonate.
 Okay, so the thing we're talking about now.
 Get excited, guys, is sodium by carbonate.
 And this I found in a report in the Guardian, which is all about a new plan.
 Basically, it's an idea, a proposal to lock up carbon at carbon dioxide in the ocean by adding alkaline chemicals.
 So the ocean is becoming more acidic because of all the carbon that we're adding to the atmosphere.
 That's a problem.
 It leads to big problems for fish and it leads to big problems for all sorts of marine life.
 So you could theoretically do a thing called ocean alkalinity enhancement.
 You add alkaline chemicals to the ocean.
 That helps the ocean absorb more carbon.
 You know, it slows down global warming.
 Can I just say we've said over the years so many times that these great ideas tend to sometimes fuck up to massive extent.
 Is there a chance that this might happen here?
 Always a chance.
 But there's been a recent experiment.
 A small scale one called Loch Ness, which took place where?
 That's right, the Gulf of Maine.
 You can imagine my disappointment when I discovered your factors about the locking ocean carbon in the north east shelf and slope project.
 But they tried it.
 They released 65,000 liters, which is not a tiny amount of this alkaline chemical to see what happened.
 And the alkalinity went back to pre-industrial levels in the area and it didn't harm any creatures that they've been able to tell.
 So as you say, there is always a risk it'll be done wrong, or that it can't be done at scale.
 But it's a proposal.
 Sorry, but can I ask about the 38,000 billion tons of baking soda in the oceans?
 Sure.
 What's that about?
 Well, that's just evidence that it already some of it's there.
 So a lot of it's there.
 There's naturally occurring bicarbonates and sodium ions, which I guess together are bicarbonate soda.
 Yeah, HCO3.
 So that's hydrogen, carbon and a few oxygen molecules is baking.
 Without the soda.
 Yes, because then you need to add salt to make it baking soda.
 But basically, this is the boring technical bit.
 When carbon dioxide dissolves into seawater, it forms carbonic acid and then that breaks down into hydrogen and bicarbonate.
 So.
 Okay.
 I follow a question.
 38,000 billion.
 Yep.
 I'm sure there must be a numerical word for what that is without the billion, right?
 Pass over to my colleague with a mass degree.
 38 trillion.
 There we go.
 And every bit deserved, I'd say that mass degree.
 Well, this is quite a problematic headline, isn't it?
 The numbers wrong.
 It's got nothing to do with the Loch Ness monster and it might fuck up our oceans.
 It's not going to any worse than they've already been.
 I promise that.
 Basically, this is about this stuff baking soda, which I did not realise exists naturally in the world.
 I thought bicarbonate soda, the stuff everyone has in their cupboard when they're trying to bake a cake.
 I thought that was made rather than some places you can mine it out of the ground.
 Yeah.
 It's just rock, isn't it?
 Yeah, there are massive deposits in Wyoming and Colorado.
 The Wyoming's green river basin contains 127 billion tons of this stuff called Trona.
 How is it not rising all the time whenever it's that?
 Do we know if the amount of bicarbonate soda, which I think it's fair to say is in the ocean,
 because just in case there are real pedants out there, it does require sodium, but there are lots of sodium ions in the ocean as well.
 Yeah, it's not in the fort.
 It's not just bicarbonate.
 It's not like there's a pile of it at the base of the ocean.
 Exactly.
 I think this is the scientist who was talking about it saying this is how much you could get out of the ocean.
 Yes.
 Do we know if it's the right proportion of that compared to the ocean to make a giant cake?
 Like, is it an ocean cake?
 What a good question.
 How much flour would we have to dump into the Atlantic?
 A lot.
 I live next door to a mill, actually, I could see if they've got any going to bed.
 And the other good thing about bicarbonate, which is in the ocean, is if it gets near any calcium,
 then it can turn into calcium carbonate, which is shells of clams and mussels and crabs and stuff like that.
 So that can get locked up inside the animals, which is a really good way of sequestering chemicals.
 This is how some things like oysters are sort of technically carbon negative.
 They just grow in the sea.
 They form this shell, which as long as you're not burning the shell, which most people don't do,
 then it's just the carbon is staying locked up in there.
 Wow, that is very interesting.
 Bicarbonate is cool stuff.
 Everyone's got it, but I didn't know anything about it.
 I've got some in my cupboard that when I first got married and started making cakes for my wife,
 I bought and have not opened it since.
 And what I learned is it goes off, right?
 I thought it probably didn't, but I think it stops working as well, because oxygen gets in and it can be natures.
 It does. I've never started baking cake without realizing that my bicarbonate won't work,
 because it's too off to be functional anymore.
 You guys really go through it quite fast.
 I think it's crazy that it lasts 50 million years from when it formed under this lake in Wyoming,
 and then once you get into your cupboard, I've got two years.
 I'm sorry, that's done. Yeah, baking soda, though, it's used in the medical industry as an injectable product.
 It helps for people who are undergoing cardiac arrest, people who are having heart surgery, chemotherapy.
 They often use it for it. There's been huge problems because there's been shortages of it,
 and it's so essential that they've had to put off surgeries or send patients to other hospitals,
 because it's such an essential item.
 Is it that they get to the cupboard and say, "Oh, it's gone off."
 It's just done more surgeries with it. It's basically this quality of it to make something alkaline, isn't it?
 So, if you have a certification of your blood, or if you have been poisoned and your kidneys have stopped working,
 so they can't keep the blood-pate pH good anymore, you just eat a bunch of cake,
 or have bicarbonate injected into you.
 Yeah, you've got bicarbonate in your stomach all the time,
 whether you've eaten some or not, because the mucus lining of your stomach has got bicarbonate in it,
 and that's what stops the acid from eating away at your stomach level.
 Oh, really?
 And yeah, when I leave it out of my cake recipe and just tell my guests,
 "Look, it's in your stomach already."
 So, he just completely flat-dough and just let your stomach do it.
 It's actually B-E-Y-O on the E-Y-O-B with these sets of bicarbonate.
 Brilliant.
 True baking powder, there was another thing called pearl ash, which was a kind of baking soda,
 but true baking powder was invented by someone we've come across before,
 a man called Alfred Bird.
 An Alfred Bird created bird's custard powder,
 because his wife was allergic to eggs,
 so he thought, "Well, I'm going to make this powder that will make you custard,
 but you don't need the eggs in it."
 But his wife, who was called Lady Bird, later.
 Brilliant.
 She was also allergic to yeast,
 so he's a fairly baking powder,
 because she couldn't put yeast in her bread.
 Then he gave its troops in the Crimean War, and they became huge.
 What a great husband, though.
 Yeah.
 Good guy.
 You don't get a lot of those around that time.
 It's important to call them out when you do.
 Other businesses that had to do with baking powder that were interesting from the early days, 1891,
 William Riggley started a soap company,
 and as Potter tried to shift the soap,
 he gave baking powder alongside it.
 It proved so popular that he then became a baking powder company,
 because it was way more popular than the soap.
 How are we now going to get baking powder shifting?
 So he added two packs of gum that you would get along with the baking powder,
 and then everyone was like, "This gum is amazing."
 And so that became the business.
 And that's where it finally ended.
 Riggley's gum, as we know it, is that.
 That's the journey it made to get there.
 Yeah, that's great.
 Wow.
 Baking powder, of course, not the same as baking soda, we should say.
 So baking powder is when you've added the acid to the alkaline,
 and then you add the thing that stops them reacting with each other straight away.
 So you add like a buffer.
 So that's how they're different.
 Yes, if you add baking soda, you then need to add an acid in your recipe,
 something like buttermilk or whatever.
 Here's something you can make with baking soda.
 Get your dried marrow fat peas,
 put them in water,
 add baking soda,
 rinse them,
 and you get the northern delicacy,
 mushy peas.
 Oh.
 I didn't know mushy peas are made with baking soda.
 But the problem is, apparently according to what I've read now,
 by adding that baking soda,
 it basically removes all of the vitamins.
 Oh, okay.
 And all of the good things.
 Oh, dear.
 And there was an American writer with a brilliant name, Tabitha Tickeltooth.
 Oh, wow.
 In 1960, he wrote,
 "Never under any circumstances,
 unless you wish entirely to destroy all flavor
 and reduce your peas to pulp,
 boil them with soda.
 This favorite atrocity of the English kitchen
 cannot be too strongly condemned."
 Wow.
 That's great.
 So mushy peas is just a way of making peas really unhealthy.
 I'm afraid it appears that it might be.
 That's devastating,
 because whenever I get fish and chips,
 I think, well, this is all like batter and chips,
 but at least,
 at least,
 there's a small green pile of mushy peas.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Tabitha Tickeltooth.
 I know.
 Oh, no, that's nothing.
 That is a sitcom.
 It's used for everything, though.
 Oh, I see.
 Every problem you have that you Google, they recommend.
 Oh, yeah.
 So it's in some fireworks.
 It's disinfectant.
 It can be a fire extinguisher.
 It prevents sheep bloat.
 It's in mouthwash.
 It polishes silver.
 Deodorizes furniture.
 It does feel like what is your luxury item
 to desert islanders?
 That's such a good show.
 It feels like that's what it should be.
 It doesn't work.
 I've tried it.
 For all that cleaning bullshit,
 they always say,
 "Oh, I think soda and vinegar you try it,
 and then you think,
 "Oh, fuck, I'm getting some bleach."
 No, he knows.
 Fuck it, I'm about a new pun.
 (laughter)
 (upbeat music)
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that identical twins often don't know
 who is who when looking at photos of themselves.
 It's crazy.
 Idiots.
 Cools.
 (laughter)
 This was a paper.
 I actually wanted a Nobel Prize a few years ago.
 The paper was called,
 "Is that me or my twin?
 "Lack of self-face recognition advantage in identical twins."
 So if you see someone that looks like me in a photo
 and you say, "Dan, this looks like you,"
 and I say, "I don't think so."
 It's because I have such good self-face recognition
 that I'm so good at identifying myself.
 So whenever we get photos sent in the inbox of Hot Dan,
 you always go, "I see what they're saying,
 because our glasses and stuff,
 it doesn't really look like me."
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 It looks like someone more attractive.
 It looks like someone really hot.
 Yeah.
 The Hot Dan's have dropped off in the inbox recently.
 I know.
 This is a new thing.
 Hot Dan is a people's spot.
 Hot Dan's out and about.
 Yeah, okay.
 I'll put a stop to that.
 Hot Dan, not Dan.
 Hot Dan is not Dan.
 (laughter)
 Hot Dan is not Dan.
 That's a T-shirt.
 (laughter)
 So what they wanted to know was if you're an identical twin,
 what happens there?
 Do you mistake your twin?
 Or do you have such great self-face recognition
 that you can just instantly tell?
 So that was the point of the test.
 And so they got a group of twins to sit down
 and they were shown pictures of either them or their twin
 and they had to make quick responses to tell.
 As part of a control group, they got a friend or a relative
 of someone close to the twins to make the decisions as well.
 And they discovered that, yeah, identical twins
 aren't actually very good at identifying themselves.
 They showed them a few permutations.
 You would see the photo, the right way up, then upside down.
 They were less good, obviously, when it was upside down.
 But they still weren't great when it was the right way up.
 I mean, they are identical.
 They're not identical.
 Well, they do look quite similar to each other usually, don't they?
 They do, but think of all the sets of twins
 that you know who are identical twins.
 They are all slightly different from each other.
 Yeah, I don't know.
 But to be fair, you say they had to have quick responses.
 It was 0.0.3 seconds they had in the study.
 That's a thing like reaction time of a human is 0.0273.
 Yeah, so it's really a test to show that even if you barely see something,
 have we not checked that maybe all twins have very poor reaction times?
 That could be what we said.
 I actually slightly tested this because my mum is over from Australia.
 She's a twin and we had a birthday, so her sister Rosie was over.
 And we have a book that was done for them of a lot of photos of them as kids and teenagers.
 So I showed it to them upside down to see if they could guess.
 And they were quite good, actually, I guess.
 If your mum and your mum's identical twin sister had married identical twin brothers,
 then you genetically understandably, if you work out how the maths works,
 because identical twins are genetically identical to each other.
 Genetically, your cousins would be your siblings, right?
 Genetically, yeah, okay.
 Yes, and there is an actual word for that.
 It's called quaternary twins.
 It's happened enough that people have got a word for it.
 There are about 300 cases in the world where identical twins marry identical twins.
 And their kids are called quaternary siblings.
 Here is something wild, which I don't think we've talked about.
 Okay.
 Some twins can have different fathers to each other.
 Uh-huh.
 We said this.
 This is a thing called heteropaternal superfacundation, okay?
 Catch it.
 Yeah.
 There are not many cases worldwide.
 There are fewer than 20, I think, that have been recorded.
 And it's where a woman releases more than one egg.
 Um, she then will have more than one partner during her fertile window.
 Those two eggs are fertilised with sperm from two different men,
 but they are twins, because they are both implanted into the womb at the same time.
 Exactly.
 So you could be, you can have a twin who is also a half sibling.
 Yeah.
 You have to have shagged in a very short window, I don't know,
 because it's only about a few hours that your eggs lost.
 I left my wife in an open window.
 It was a very short window, but you need to do some careful diary planning.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, it can happen.
 We talked recently about this idea of um, siblings being born a very long time apart.
 Yeah.
 Because of...
 A twin cop.
 Okay.
 You don't need to go on with me, but yeah.
 Because you can have embryos that stay frozen for a long time and then a foot, you know,
 and then implanted many years later.
 Andy has been trying to push quite a lot of cop dramas on us, and one of them is twin cops,
 but the twins are born 50 years apart.
 So one of them is about to retire and the other ones are new, rucky to the fuss.
 Yeah.
 But the twins.
 Yeah, that's brilliant.
 I love it.
 I love it.
 Why aren't you guys millionaires from this already?
 I forgot there is a TV series starring Dave Mitchell called Ludwig,
 where his twin brother has gone missing, who was a cop.
 Oh, is that?
 And he has to pretend to be his cop twin brother.
 Right.
 He solved the mystery of where his twin has gone.
 That's similar, but they're missing.
 He's similar.
 And actually, there's the one with Mike Bubbins in where he gets frozen and then comes back
 and he's the same age as his daughter.
 Yes, that's very good.
 Mama.
 Yeah, so the two...
 If you put those two together, this is how we're going to sell it to the commission.
 It's like a mix of Ludwig and Mama, okay?
 Obvious.
 Commission now.
 But there are cases of twin cops, amazingly.
 Is it?
 Yeah, there is a...
 There are two sets of twin cops in Wales at the moment.
 No, I don't find that that surprising, actually.
 No, me neither.
 My identical or non-identical?
 One is identical and I think one is non-identical.
 Okay.
 As in what pair is identical?
 Yes.
 Jack and Tom Herbert both became officers nine weeks apart in different forces.
 I think they're non-identical, but Ellen and Lisa Jones, identical twins.
 But also, like, police families is a thing, I think.
 Like, if members of your family are in the police, your way more, like,
 please become a police person.
 Jack and Tom's dad is a police officer.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's cool, though, we've got twin cops who...
 That's another strategy.
 That's another strategy.
 ...for the bitch document.
 Yeah, because I can already imagine when the sitcom gets made,
 that you can have in the sun, that will be where the real life twin cups.
 Lovely.
 The PR campaign is already halfway there.
 Is it not cool that we've got twin astronauts?
 And that, though, I don't think we've mentioned the NASA twin study,
 which must be the smallest sample size of any study.
 It's a sample size one that NASA did.
 Because Scott Kelly, who went into space, his brother Mark,
 is his identical twin.
 And weirdly, both astronauts, even though for the study,
 they didn't both need to be astronauts.
 In fact, it would have been better if Mark wasn't one, really.
 Because, basically, NASA wanted to study if other variables are the same.
 If you're genetically identical, one of you goes to space
 and then comes back, we can tell the effect that space has had on you.
 But they both went.
 No, one went.
 No, so Scott went, Mark, didn't they?
 They must have had to draw straws.
 Both astronauts.
 So Anna was saying it was pointless that one of them did all the training
 to become an astronaut.
 Sorry, sorry.
 You can be an astronaut and not go into space.
 Well, can you?
 Yeah.
 You're usually on the waiting list.
 Yeah.
 Technically a terranaut, I guess.
 Do you think as soon as you come back to Earth, you stop being an astronaut again?
 No, I just want to say what do you do to say unemployed?
 Yeah, because they would have been identical.
 Like what?
 There we go.
 But yeah, that would have been a fight, right?
 To have exactly the same skills, basically.
 Yeah.
 I think usually with NASA, when you've got two people go over the job,
 they don't have a fight.
 That's how they do it.
 That's the videos I've seen.
 If you are an astronaut at a twin, though, presumably you're better recognizing yourself upside down.
 Yeah.
 Because you're flying about in space.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Yeah, good.
 Didn't one of them become a big deal politician?
 Yeah.
 Yes, he did.
 The other one who wasn't an astronaut, according to you.
 Yeah, he did a senator.
 And his wife was a congressman who was almost killed, in fact.
 Oh, yes, yes, yes, yes.
 What did they find in the end?
 Did they find...
 Very little.
 Oh, I didn't like her being in the DNA or anything.
 I think it was a bit of a PR stunt, to be honest.
 I mean, because...
 What was it?
 They don't find stuff.
 No, they barely found anything.
 Because, basically, they couldn't force the guy who was on Earth to live the same life as Scott in the sky.
 Like, as they said, we couldn't force Mark to eat space food for a year and, like, sit on his own to get the control.
 So they found...
 Bad news.
 You're not going to space.
 Good news.
 You could do all the really annoying stuff that you'd have to do if you were.
 Yeah.
 To win this bag.
 Yay.
 I felt like his eyeball shape changed a bit, a little bit of cognitive decline.
 But they did conclude that it all recovers after six months.
 Okay.
 The fact of the same level as his brain.
 Telomeres was interesting.
 The telomeres.
 The telomeres, so those are the protective ends of chromosomes.
 And they think they shorten as our life goes on.
 And that means that we can get certain diseases as we get older.
 Yeah, I think they do shorten, don't they?
 Yeah, yeah.
 And they think it leads to a higher likelihood of getting a disease, like cancer and so on.
 When Scott was in space, his telomeres grew.
 So space might be an interesting place for us to have longer lives.
 Here's a thing, twins are more likely to survive into their 60s.
 According to a study by David Cheryl and James Anderson.
 And why would that be?
 They looked at their lives of Danish twins born between 1870 and 1900.
 So a lot, big old sample size.
 Okay.
 Well, you've got someone to be a donor if you need a donation.
 Oh, no.
 This is 1860.
 I'm afraid so.
 So not so much just got donated going on.
 You've just got someone next to you the whole time making sure you do sensible things.
 Eat right.
 You know, you tell each other stuff, you know, you share knowledge.
 Hey, stop at the start of that sentence before you get it completely wrong.
 Because young people die through doing silly things.
 But there is a thing called the twin protective effect, which basically means that if you're a twin,
 you're less likely to die from unexpected causes like accidents and stuff like that.
 And we're not sure exactly why, but it might be because you've got someone closer to you talking you out of it even maybe.
 Oh, you don't want to be so crazy because you've got a person who relies on you a little bit.
 Oh, yeah.
 Lovely.
 Very cool.
 There's a twinsburg Ohio has a twin festival every year.
 It was founded by a pair of twins.
 And as part of the twin festival every year, there's a look-alike contest.
 Oh, that's great.
 To look like the other twin or the other like a celebrity.
 I think it's the former.
 There used to be a twins restaurants in America, which was wrong.
 Yeah, by identical sisters, Lisa Gantz and Debbie Gantz.
 And then I asked you for the bill.
 It kind of is that because the restaurant, it's staffed by 37 sets of identical twins when it ran,
 who worked the same shift in the same station in the same uniform.
 So it opened in 1994.
 And this is from then their words, we get 10 to 20 sets of multiple customers each evening for dinner,
 ranging from newborns, sex tablets to 95-year-olds.
 And when multiples come in, they sign a twin guest book.
 We put their picture up on the wall, they get two drinks for the price of one, triplets get three for one,
 and so on.
 And four twins to eat at and staffed by twins.
 Yeah, lovely.
 Yeah.
 And these sisters keep it.
 Why cut down your clientele by about 97%.
 And then give them all two for the price of one.
 How long did that business last?
 It's not running anymore.
 But these twin sisters were big.
 They created a casting firm.
 So movies who needed twins, they would go to these sisters.
 They became the twin people of America for a very long time.
 Yeah, very cool.
 Alexander Graham Bell was interested in twins, specifically sheep twins.
 And he put $250,000 of his own money on much of the last 30 years of his life in trying to make more sheep give birth to twins.
 Because what he thought was, he saw that lots of animals like kittens and puppies are born in like five, six, seven puppies, for instance, from one duck.
 But sheep were usually, they would only have one or two.
 And so he thought, well, what if we could make sheep have more children, obviously loads more money for farmers?
 And he noticed that sheep that had more than two nipples produce more twins.
 So he went around the country trying to find as many multi-nipple sheep as he could.
 And then he started selectively breeding them.
 And the idea was he would get a breed of sheep that gave birth to way more twins.
 So when he said twins, do you mean he want, like, was it like even more than two?
 He wanted to get all of this.
 Well, two was his first aim.
 But he thought that maybe he'd be able to get multiple births if he just kept finding more and more nipples on sheep.
 It's fantastic. It's a fantastic excuse when you're discovered by the farmer.
 Face up under one of his sheep.
 I'm actually a very evident scientist.
 Three, four, five.
 Okay, that is it. That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said on this podcast,
 we can be found online on our various social media accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland on Instagram, James.
 My Instagram is no such thing as James Harkin.
 Andy at Andrew Hunter M.
 Yeah, but if you want to get to us as a group online, Anna.
 We're on Instagram on @nosuchthing or you can email podcast@QI.com.
 Yes, remember that email podcast@QI.com.
 It has become essential to our podcasting life because if you send an email there with some feedback,
 Andy will cherry pick the best of those bits and bring it to drop us a line.
 Our secret show that exists in a private members club called Club Fish.
 It's on patreon.com/clubfish.
 You will see there are multiple bonus extras there including drop us a line.
 But we do online quizzes and you'll get Excel versions of our show.
 There's merch. It's great. Check it out.
 But also use podcast@QI.com to send us in your favorite facts because every Monday we will be reading out your facts.
 As part of our new show, Little Fish.
 So do that now. Otherwise, just come back next week because we're going to be back with another show and we'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
