 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Covern Garden.
 My name is Dan Shriver and I am sitting here with James Harkin, Alex Bell and Andrew
 Hunter Murray and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy Murray.
 My fact is that in 1851, all of the 436,800 sandwiches sold on the streets of London were
 ham.
 Just ham sandwiches.
 That's so obviously not true.
 Well, I think it is.
 Was it just ham or did they have ham and pickle or ham and mustard or?
 Add to mustard.
 Okay.
 Had other sandwiches been invented at that point and they thought we don't actually like
 those will stick with ham.
 I think they have because I think they had cheese sandwiches because we've said before
 on this podcast these people called bread and meat or bread and cheese.
 Yeah.
 So I'll tell you basically ham sandwiching was a thing as in you didn't have a sandwich
 shop.
 You would be a sandwich seller and you have your own ham and you would boil it and then
 you would sell it from your car so it's quite hard to have a big range and we only know
 about this because there was a guy called Henry Mayhew who was a social investigator and
 he wrote this huge work called London Labor and the London Poor.
 And he calculated that that number of sandwiches was sold and the only ones he came across
 were ham ones.
 So he's pretty amazing this guy.
 He is.
 I hadn't heard of him.
 He co-founded Punch which was the original British satirical magazine that ran for a
 God, hundreds of years.
 So might this have been satire?
 What are you talking about?
 No.
 And B Wilson, who's a food writer and her book is very good.
 She also has written an essay on the subject and she said that all the sandwiches were ham.
 If B Wilson says it then I do believe it.
 But even before the went and did punch he had the most ridiculous childhood.
 He ran away from home and he was 12 to join the East India company.
 Wow.
 And worked on their ships and then he came back and tried to law and then he went as journalists
 and but 12.
 He ran away and he was 12.
 But you know how people used to die younger?
 Is it like dog years?
 Well, actually like 18 back then.
 Well, I guess kind of but also it was he ran away because he didn't want to follow the same
 career as his father.
 It's a pretty early age.
 What did his father do?
 He was a sailor.
 Yeah.
 I think he was an accountant.
 Well, I can understand that.
 He was a very fertile accountant because Henry May, he was one of 17 children.
 Well, I see.
 17.
 Wow.
 He did report on his sandwich investigation that one seller told him that sometimes
 cab drivers would offer to fight them for a sandwich instead of paying for it.
 Doesn't really feel like it would be a good idea.
 Well, it doesn't work in print when I try it because as a sandwich seller, the best outcome
 is that you've won a fight and kept your sandwich, but you've had to fight someone not
 to lose a sandwich.
 Exactly.
 It feels like it would be better for you to do nothing at all than to get involved in
 this fight.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 This isn't the best hand-based story from 1851.
 It was a good deal, wasn't it?
 It was a very, very strong idea.
 Basically, when I was half in 1851, just give it a second.
 Yeah, sure.
 Great exhibition happened in London.
 And it was just ham sandwiches on the way.
 Yeah.
 Well, didn't they have tin food as one of the attractions?
 I guess ham may have been there.
 Ah.
 And also, Moby Dick was published.
 I've got to say the best Moby Dick fact ever, which we all know because it was found
 by one of our colleagues, Edward Kitchens, this last week, which is that he got a rejection
 letter from one publisher saying, "The whale is obviously a nice idea, but maybe you could
 replace it by something more popular.
 Maybe young voluptuous maiden."
 Why would you want to harpoon young voluptuous maiden?
 That's true.
 Like any sense?
 I would've been like, "Carry."
 It would've just been horror.
 Horror dolls.
 Hang on, hang on, Dan.
 You said you had a better ham anecdote from 1851.
 Yeah.
 Well, OK.
 Alex.
 Alex.
 Alex.
 Alex.
 We all did it in our heads, James.
 A podcast like that.
 Yeah.
 So, other news, Alex mentions the great exhibition, Moby Dick.
 Two other things that happened in 1851 is that the New York Times was founded and Reuters
 News was founded as well.
 So obviously, a lot more outlet to report ham-based stories were erupting that year.
 So, Christmas in 1851, have you heard about this in London?
 It was a sort of super great giveaway to all the poor of London to feed them on Christmas
 day.
 And it was over 22,000 people who were fed in one single place, and that place was called
 Ham Yard.
 And Ham Yard in London, they had benefactors from all the richest people in London who gave
 one guy called Mr. Richard Cooper, supplied 200 pounds of beef.
 And they did a massive Christmas meal for all the less privileged of London.
 So, over 22,000 people fed in one go by a very famous chef.
 He's often called the first celebrity chef, Alexis Sawyer.
 And it was his idea, and he put it together, and he fed all these people.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 I've been to Ham Yard.
 It's all for Regent Street.
 Yes, it's all there, right?
 It's still there.
 Yeah.
 The best ham sandwich related story of the mid-19th century.
 Okay, that's cheating a bit.
 Well, it is.
 This comes from around 1840, so it's about 10 years before both of your ham-sandwich stories.
 Oh, and there's way better than if you've got predated.
 It's true.
 So, the town of Swindon was invented by a ham sandwich.
 What?
 It was founded by a ham sandwich, let's say.
 The story goes, I don't know if this is true, that Izanbar Kinden Brunel was on the railway,
 and he knew that they had to found a town somewhere on the railway because they needed to have
 a stop there.
 And he started eating his ham sandwich, and then he thought, "Well, as soon as I've had
 enough of this sandwich and I throw it out of the window, wherever it lands, that's
 where I'm going to start my new town."
 And it landed where currently Swindon is.
 Anyway.
 But I'm paying on.
 Because you'd have to stop the train immediately and go back and find the sandwich.
 That is true.
 Unless you remember.
 Oh, we were passing through Swindon when I threw my sandwich out of the window, and I threw
 my sandwich out right next to that sign that says, "Welcome to Swindon."
 The swindon was tiny.
 It was absolutely tiny before the railway arrived, and then it became huge.
 So there's another town that's sort of further south in what it's called, Mulbra.
 And it's absolutely tiny, but it could as easily have gone the other way.
 And if it isn't about King Dubin-Elford, you know, been a bit hungry, or had not a banana
 or breakfast, and he wanted a bit more of his sandwich.
 So ham sandwiches are still extremely popular.
 Oh, right.
 Yeah.
 The British Sandwich Association says that ham sandwiches is the most popular sandwich in
 the UK.
 Really?
 Do you think they'll look back in 100 years at 2016 and think it was a great age of ham
 sandwiches as well?
 I think finally, back to the great times of 1851.
 So this is an old survey.
 I can't imagine though.
 In 2001, I can't imagine, in 15 years, it's changed that much.
 But they said that the favourite filling wasn't ham though.
 It was cheese, but a ham sandwich on its own taught.
 But the favourite filling.
 Yeah.
 I always like my ham sandwiches without ham, but with cheese.
 Yeah.
 I think what they mean is what's your favourite filling?
 Well, if I'm having a sandwich, I love it if there's cheese in there.
 And they said, "Would you be happy with just a cheese sandwich?"
 No, no.
 I think I'll go for ham.
 I think that's how the conversation works.
 Wait.
 Is that because you have it outside the sandwich?
 No, you have it in the sandwich, but you might have it with ham, so you have a ham and cheese
 sandwich.
 So you're saying ham is not a filling because it's the base ingredient of the sandwich.
 No.
 If anything extra is a filling?
 No, no.
 There's two questions.
 What is this bread-added item in it?
 Yeah.
 And you could have at least one item in it.
 They've gone for ham sandwich.
 That works best as a sandwich.
 Yeah.
 What's your favourite filling to go in a sandwich?
 Oh, okay.
 Well, if I'm having a ham sandwich, rather than pickle, I'll have cheese.
 Cheese is the favourite added on.
 What's your favourite filling for two slices of bread is ham?
 Yeah.
 Of all the things that people have voted on in 2016, this makes me the most annoyed.
 Well, this is 2001, people say 2016 to shit you.
 Imagine you were presented with a lot of different sandwiches that had base meats in
 them.
 Right?
 Let's say, or no meat, or like a salad or whatever.
 Base meat.
 Like the alchemy of the sandwich.
 There's base 10.
 And then base meat to which is what our sandwiches are based on.
 Turned ham into cheese.
 Two thirds of ham and cheese pizzas tested by trading standards officers in Derbyshire
 failed to contain ham or cheese.
 No.
 Yeah.
 How many?
 Two thirds.
 Two thirds of the pizza.
 Oh, my God.
 What it was is when people thought it was ham, it was actually turkey ham, which is
 made of turkey not ham, and the cheese was often cheese substitutes.
 I'm not sure what cheese substitute is, but it doesn't sound great.
 Well, ham apparently.
 So Henry Mayhew did a load of, just to drag us back to Henry Mayhew for a bit.
 He did a load of calculations, basically.
 So he calculated how many sellers there were of each thing on the streets of London.
 So he calculated, for example, that there were 60 ham sandwich sellers in London, 200
 baked potatoes sellers, 300 people who sell pea, soup and hot eel, six people apparently
 specialised in plum puddings.
 Yeah.
 And he would work it out by estimating the number of miles of street in the city and then multiplying
 that by the number of traders he found per mile.
 Yeah.
 I think it sounds like the most fascinating book.
 I really want to read it.
 It's what's it called again?
 It's called London Leibat and the London poor.
 Yeah.
 And he basically documented 1851 in London, in down to every bit of clothing that people,
 it would be like us just going out on the street and just recording what's going on as a time
 capsule.
 And it's pretty amazing work.
 That'd be comprehensive.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 That's a big impact.
 He pissed off a lot of people with this book, particularly the street traders.
 And they actually set up a street trader's protection association against this kind of
 journalism, specifically because how they were presented in the book.
 They were presented like these sandwich sellers, they're like, well, actually we do have
 a bit more than ham.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Some of the sandwiches didn't even have ham in.
 Did they not?
 No.
 Just cheese.
 They had a bit of beef dripping and that was it, between two bits of bread.
 What is beef dripping?
 It's fat.
 Yeah.
 Sort of.
 It's a congeal fat.
 When you've caught beef, you get all the fat kind of drops down when you roast it.
 And then you can take that and you can kind of spread it on bread and it's what people
 used to eat.
 That sounds like cheese substitute.
 It does, but it doesn't taste anything like cheese, it tastes more like kind of fatty gravy.
 Oh, so delicious.
 Also, he collected a load of data with his brother Augustus Mayhew and yet 20 years after
 the book was published, Augustus Mayhew has had up in court on charges of attacking a
 female peddler or woman going on selling things.
 Really?
 And his defense in court was that people would knock on his door up to 38 times a day selling
 things.
 He just snapped and he said there were shouting things like crockery or fine young rabbits
 or roots all are blowing, all are growing.
 Fine young rabbits sounds like a great band doesn't he?
 Yeah.
 Did you know that there's a latitude around the earth that's sometimes referred to as the
 ham belt and it's 40 degrees latitude and it's not so much these days, but it used to
 be the climates at which all the best ham came from.
 So like Kentucky ham, Virginia ham, Italian, prosciutto ham, Spanish, Serrano ham, all
 of those places are along the same last student, it's because the climate is sort of ideal
 for ham curing and it's not so important nowadays because you know, you have climate control
 factors and whatnot.
 Yeah.
 And it was discovered by Alexander von Humbel.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two and that is Alex.
 My fact is that since 2003, the UK has eaten one and a half million pounds in cash.
 Okay.
 And when he said cash, are we talking 2P coins or notes, so this is the bank of England releases
 stats every year on the, yeah, the graph, Alex got a massive graph on his research notes.
 So for people at home, what happens is we kind of do some research and we print it out
 on a sheet of paper and we've got like little paragraphs that we might read out if something
 comes up, but Alex just has a massive graph.
 I'm concerned by the year to year trends and I'm going to explain.
 You can submit bank notes that are damaged in some way to the bank of England to get them
 replaced.
 Okay.
 And then they keep stats on them.
 So they release each year.
 How many bank notes have been torn apart or accidentally washed or contaminated or damaged
 by fire or flood?
 And the other category is chewed or eaten.
 Okay.
 So they've released how many, how many notes of each domination have been chewed or eaten
 and how much they're worth.
 And in total, since 2003, it's 1.5 million.
 Okay.
 So I reckon when you said that fact, people were thinking that humans were eating these notes,
 but I reckon it must be mostly like dogs and stuff.
 Maybe, yeah.
 It could be babies.
 It could be babies.
 Yeah.
 I mean, babies will put things in their mouths, wouldn't they?
 They will, but they don't have teeth.
 That's true.
 So they won't be chewing it and damaging it.
 I mean, some of them have teeth, don't they?
 Do you have to have teeth to chew?
 That's a good part of that.
 Can you chew with gums alone?
 You could suppose you could ruminate the note in your mouth so you could dissolve it.
 Yeah.
 I'd say a baby would be sucking rather than chewing.
 Yeah.
 Okay.
 Well, but you have to provide the remnants of the note to prove that you had it in the
 first place.
 In other words, you can just write it back and then say, "How do you, so what, you bring
 the dog?"
 So you bring the left of you to eat it.
 So there could be plenty of notes that have been completely eaten, I guess.
 It's very hard to say.
 My dog ate 2,000 quid in 50 pound notes.
 Unfortunately, he ate them so thoroughly, but if you could tell me, "No, but they do send
 this.
 I recommend it."
 It's called the mutilator's notes service and you post them in and you write a little
 explaining that.
 And if they think it's legit, then they'll post you some money.
 I could have used that.
 I once got given an envelope of some money and you've been paid it for asking those questions
 in the house.
 A comment.
 That's an excellent satire from the early 2000s, thank you.
 It's 19s actually, that's it.
 The rest of you can look that up at home and have a really entertaining, cash for questions.
 Anyway, sorry, go on, go on, done.
 So rather than opening the envelope the normal way, I opened it up at the top end of the,
 on the side.
 So I just ripped it open.
 The short edge of the envelope.
 Yes, exactly.
 So I ripped it open there and I, and then I got to the shop and it was closed and so I
 couldn't buy anything.
 And to my house came out in the morning to buy the milk that I was looking to buy, handed
 over from the envelope my £10 note and the guy said, I can't accept this.
 You're missing the last like eighth of the note.
 And what I had done, and there was about 60 quid in this envelope, I had ripped as well
 as the envelope, all that final eighth of all the notes.
 And they had scattered all on the street and had to go around the street collecting the
 rest of my notes.
 Yeah, I found them.
 They were all day afterwards.
 Yeah.
 Oh my god.
 Did you get the milk?
 Yeah.
 Right.
 I think that all of these banknotes were mostly eaten by dogs, not humans or babies, well, babies
 are humans, apart from baby dogs.
 So I think they're mostly eaten by dogs.
 In Montana, a few years ago, there was a new story about a dog called Sundance, who ate
 five $100 bills that were stashed in his owner's little cubby hole.
 But the five hundred dollar bills were together with a single one dollar bill, which it didn't
 eat.
 That's fantastic.
 Wow.
 This is interesting.
 Do you know where the first place to feature Queen Elizabeth on money was?
 Oh.
 So not Britain.
 It was not Britain.
 It was not Britain.
 Yeah.
 Was it somewhere in the Caribbean?
 No.
 Somewhere in Africa.
 No.
 Australia?
 No.
 Canada.
 Yes.
 I had her when she was a nine-year-old princess, so prior to being the Queen, and it was on
 their $20 notes.
 And so, obviously, she wasn't on any money here.
 She wasn't the Queen yet.
 But they wanted to give her some props over there.
 I'm not sure completely why, but they used her image.
 Yeah.
 Speaking of notes in Canada, a few years ago, there was a rumor that all Canadian banknotes
 smelled of maple syrup, and people were kind of pulling them out of their pockets and
 smelling them, and believed that they could smell maple syrup, and everyone on the internet
 was saying, "Yeah, my smell of maple syrup as well, but mine only smell of it when I take
 them out, my pocket, and they've warmed up, so there must be something in the note."
 And the pocket I keep on wearing maple syrup in, yeah.
 Well, I think that must have been it, or it was just like a weird hysteria, because the
 Bank of Canada said that actually there's nothing in there, and we've tested ours, and
 they don't smell a maple syrup.
 But they have got in trouble in the past as well, the Bank of Canada, because they did
 a new series of banknotes, and they put a maple leaf on, and it was pointed out that that
 maple leaf, that particular shape of maple leaf, is from a tree which does not grow in Canada.
 That's right.
 And they said, "No, weogen maple, raft, and the Canadian maple," and they said, "Actually,
 what we've done is we've blended together a load of maple leaves to avoid being regionally
 insensitive."
 Well, that's kind of like the Euro, though, because when they designed the Euro notes,
 they didn't want to favor any particular country-used culture, so they got someone to take
 a load of famous bridges from all the different countries that were taking the Euro, and sort
 of blend them into generic bridges that they got made up of.
 Yeah, so all the Euro money has fake bridges on it, so then when they found out it started
 building those bridges, it was an art installation rather than an actual bridge, but then he started
 building the fake bridges over rivers in Belgium or something.
 That's a great idea.
 Yeah.
 That's fantastic.
 For the odd, weird, reverse, forgery, but not money.
 Yeah.
 Oh, this is a cool thing about currency.
 So in, I think it was November or October, the Japanese financial services industry was
 considering regulating a new kind of currency, which was, and he guesses, "It's currency that
 James spends, and the rest of us don't."
 Oh, come on, money.
 It's Pokecoins.
 So as far as I understand, you use the currency to breed imaginary monsters on your phone.
 You use them to not buy monsters, but buy things that help you to find monsters.
 I see.
 Okay, so you can't even buy Pokemon with them.
 You can buy--
 No.
 Well, you've got to catch Pokemon.
 Yeah.
 So it's like you can buy a net with a Pokecoins.
 Kind of.
 You can buy a lure.
 That's spending real money on that.
 You can spend real money or you can find them in the game.
 Okay.
 So--
 But we all do it, like Temple Run, you know, when you spend money to buy more speedability and
 so on.
 We all do it, Andy.
 We all do it.
 Okay.
 The Japanese financial services authority is not considering regulating Temple Run coins,
 though.
 We are considering regulating--
 [LAUGHTER]
 And basically, if they did decide to regulate it, I don't think--
 I'm not sure if they'd come to a conclusion.
 Yeah, companies would have to declare all the unused currency that gamers have held.
 And they'd have to secure it with massive deposits of real money.
 Wow.
 It's really interesting.
 Speaking of digital money, there's a landfill in Wales, which has an enormous treasure trove.
 Like, I heard it buried treasure.
 And it's getting more and more valuable each year.
 So, in 2013, it was worth 4 million pounds.
 And it's because there's a hard drive, which a man called James Howell threw away in 2013.
 And he realized, after he thrown it away, that he had a digital wallet on it, which had
 $7,500 Bitcoin.
 And he got those in 2009, when they were worth nothing.
 But they now, worth 13, they're worth about 4 million pounds, and they're increasing a
 lot more since then.
 And so we don't know where it is in the--
 Somewhere out of it, yeah.
 Right.
 Yeah, so, yeah.
 Get big.
 Should we move on soon?
 Yeah.
 I have one thing that Motorola has invented an edible password.
 They call it an authentication vitamin.
 And it's a pill that you swallow.
 And if you have your phone, you're a wirelessly unlock it.
 Sorry.
 I'm a bit confused on how it works.
 So, you swallow a pill.
 You swallow a pill that has a tiny microchip in it, which broadcasts a little signal.
 And that's a signal that wirelessly unlock your devices if they're set up for it.
 So is it activated by the actors following it?
 No, no.
 You don't have to swallow it every time you don't have a phone.
 You put it in you.
 And then when you're around your phone, it's unlocked.
 But except for when you put it out.
 Yeah.
 So then you have to swallow another one.
 You have to have it in your pocket, because you could lose that, or someone else could...
 Take pocket you?
 Yeah.
 Whereas you can't have it stolen from you if you beat it.
 So, what you could do is you could put the little chip that's in a nice card, and you
 could eat that.
 And then every time you're walking towards the gates and the tube station, it'll be like
 you're on Star Wars or something.
 Yeah.
 And that is why, my Lord, I took a dump, or it was to bury it.
 Okay.
 It is time to move on to fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 And my fact this week is that a day on the sun lasts both 25 and 38 Earth days.
 Okay.
 You have to explain, because it's always going to feel like daytime there, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 It's not really going to...
 Yeah.
 You're going to be confused.
 So, because it's a massive gas body, it spins at different speeds.
 So the middle of it, the equator, as it were, spins around 25 days.
 That makes one day's, but the poles go a lot slower.
 So it takes up to 38 days for them to turn around.
 So I should say that there are fluctuations in these numbers, obviously.
 So 24.7 is usually the number given for the quickest bit where the equator, where the middle
 of the sun is spinning around.
 38 is the top end bit.
 By asked Alex and I saw an astrophysicist the other night, Dr. Lucy Green.
 And she said that's absolutely true that they do have these different spins on them.
 Yeah.
 Really interesting.
 Actually, they also have differentials spin, because they're gas.
 Yeah.
 I found out this thing the other day, which I told the guys, but I haven't told you yet.
 So I'll ask you as a question.
 So let's assume that there are eight planets in the solar system.
 Yeah.
 How many planets in our solar system orbit the sun?
 Of those eight, all of them.
 Ah, technically, if you go into a super technical reasoning, we orbit the sun because
 at the center of the gravity that's pulling us, making us orbit the sun, is in the middle
 of the sun.
 Jupiter is so large, it's so big that it's pulled the center of gravity out to above the
 sun's surface.
 So technically, they are orbiting each other.
 That's really good.
 Yeah, it's quite cool.
 I had no idea Jupiter was that big.
 It also has a massively fast day, Jupiter.
 Does it?
 So yeah, it rotates every 10 hours.
 So daytime, nighttime, you just lost about five hours.
 Oh.
 She's really short.
 It's faster than any other planet.
 And if it was 80 times larger, which is not that much larger, it could have been a star,
 a star.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Well, we're done to us.
 Oh, I think we've been in big trouble.
 Yeah, issues, right?
 Probably.
 Hey, so I found this fact when I was reading a book called The Jupiter Effect, which is
 written by John Ribbon, who most people know is a massive popular science writer.
 He wrote in "Search a Shrodinger's Cat."
 And this book is the one book that he wants people to forget about.
 So I apologize.
 I'm glad because you've met John Ribbon, haven't you?
 I have.
 Yeah.
 He'll be delighted that you're bringing this up.
 Yeah.
 I'm really sorry, but it is out there.
 And it's a really well written book, except for one thing, which it has a conceit of it, which
 is that basically there was going to be a ginormous earthquake at the San Andreas fault on March
 the 10th of 1982, because they believe that all the planets were going to align, and it
 was just going to set off chaos on Earth, which never happened.
 It was a bestseller, though, but it didn't happen.
 And so he's kind of buried that book by writing about 200 more books to separate itself.
 I'm sure he writes tons of books.
 I think they're all brilliant.
 They're all brilliant.
 But yeah, do you think that's the reason he writes so many?
 I think just so it goes co-order down that bibliography list.
 Yeah.
 I'm just going back to the sun very quickly.
 Yes.
 What would happen if you replaced the sun with a black hole?
 So there'd be less light for starters.
 There'd be less energy coming from it.
 You would think?
 Yes.
 So it off-freeze to death.
 And we would get sucked into it, because that's...
 No.
 There we are.
 That's finally the thing.
 No, apparently.
 So the Oxford University Science Blog looks into this.
 And they found that apparently the planet's orbits would stay kind of much the same, because
 if it's the same mass as the sun, this black hole, then the gravitational field it produces
 is about the same as the sun.
 But it would be cold and dark.
 The sun is obviously emitting loads of heat, but Jupiter, it was all my Jupiter.
 Jupiter radiates so much heat, but it loses it faster than it gains energy from the sun,
 which means that it's shrinking about two centimeters a year.
 That is a year?
 Yeah.
 Two centimeters a year.
 I mean, it's massive.
 So that's relatively quite small amount.
 Yeah.
 Are there planets out there that we've seen exoplanet style that would be just enough atmosphere,
 tall enough that a six-foot person could stand in and sort of like run their life, but that's
 where the planet ends.
 Well, the only atmosphere.
 Yeah.
 So if you were to go to, I think it's Mars, they have a very, very, very weak atmosphere.
 And so it would kind of feel like winter at your head, but spring at your feet.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So you kind of, your head would be out of the atmosphere, kind of.
 So you have to, what do you have to, where do you spend Christmas?
 Do you have to go up a step ladder, basically, for Christmas, and then for the spring?
 So much just lie on the floor.
 Some are collection, just lie down.
 I have one more.
 Do you know what else is fueled by the sun?
 Superman, according to DC Comics.
 Really?
 No, this, because once he was bitten by Dracula and Dracula exploded.
 What?
 Science, guys.
 I've never caught up with a brand stoker novel.
 Wait, hang on, Dracula bites Superman, though, Superman explodes.
 No, Dracula explodes, because Dracula vampires don't like sunlight.
 How do we know Superman isn't made out of garlic?
 No, it's sweet.
 Okay, it is time for a final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that in 1945, police in Halifax Nova Scotia initiated a campaign
 to stop people from beeping their carhons in Moscow to signal out vial and filthy language.
 And what were they saying in the Moscow?
 Do we know?
 This is the weird thing, right?
 So I saw this on a website called Boing Boing, which is one of my favourite places online.
 They have amazing facts and stuff like that on there.
 And it was a news cutting.
 And I'm pretty sure the news cutting is real, because I found it in other places.
 But that's the only thing on the whole of the internet that seems to give any idea that
 this actually happened.
 Now I see why you were throwing shade at my ham sandwich, in fact, you were drawn attention
 from your own.
 Yeah, fair enough, I don't know if it's true if anyone knows any more than do let us know.
 But I think it's a really, it's a nice idea if it's not true, right?
 Yeah.
 I think it's the most eloquent way to swear at someone through Moscow.
 It takes a long time.
 It takes a very long time.
 Oh, you're a dick.
 Kind of, yeah.
 Yeah.
 If you're in traffic though, you do have time.
 So you might as well send a message.
 That's true.
 Yeah.
 You're relying on the person who is a dick knowing Moscow.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 It's quite funny, because it does sound like you're actually just bleeping yourself as you're
 swearing at someone.
 So this is 1945.
 That's right.
 What kind of carhons were we at that point?
 What kind of cars were we at at that point?
 Well, we would have had cars that are not a million miles dissimilar to cars that we
 have now, their combustion engines.
 So maybe slightly bigger American cars, that kind of thing?
 Yeah.
 So the 50s is where I start.
 So the clock, what a car is.
 Okay.
 So imagine five years before that.
 Yeah, I got it there.
 But they've had horns, like a horn sound, since the very beginning of things with wheels
 on the road, haven't they?
 Yeah.
 So they predate cars.
 So they weren't they originally outside the cars, and people like walk alongside carriages
 with horns, or they'd walk alongside cars with horns.
 What did you do?
 If you were just walking, you had a, you had a horse.
 Yes, I've heard, yeah, I've read this as well.
 Yeah.
 Pedestrians carried the first carhons to warn cars, and then eventually they said, why do
 we combine this with the car?
 I read that there was an early locomotive act, and the idea was that cars used to travel
 really slowly, and to warn people that cars were on the way.
 Someone would walk ahead of the car with a red flag.
 Okay.
 Was everything about this?
 Yeah, is it true?
 Is it true?
 Not really.
 Okay.
 It's true that the act existed.
 The act existed.
 Yep.
 And the red flag thing was used, and you would have to have three people operating a vehicle,
 one to steer it, one to stoke the boiler, and one to walk ahead who was called the stalker
 with the red flag.
 Yep.
 However, I think that when the act was introduced, cars were not a thing, because it was
 in about the 1870s, and by the time people started having personal cars, the red flag bit
 was not observed and have been repealed.
 Okay.
 From memory.
 Yeah.
 That's how it went.
 So, yeah.
 I was looking online about sometimes in Moore's code, you know, how on text messages, you
 know, lol for a laugh out loud.
 There's a long list of how they do abbreviations for longer sentences.
 So one of my favorite ones, and this is goodbye, so I want to see who gets this.
 If you were doing a shortened Moore's code of goodbye, it's DSW.
 Why would it be DSW?
 Don't?
 Darling?
 What?
 No, DSW.
 Oh, you were doing DSW.
 You were doing that for three words?
 No, it doesn't actually.
 Oh.
 Then I'm not going to know it.
 DSW.
 I would have thought I would have gone for CU, because that would be shorter.
 Yes, it would have been.
 Yeah.
 So what's DSW?
 DSW.
 I can't actually pronounce it, but James will be able to, because it's his second line.
 Yeah.
 I'm not interested.
 It's Russian.
 Yeah, Russian does with that one.
 Yeah.
 You see.
 That's a good bite.
 DSW.
 Good bite.
 And then humor is H.I.
 Humor intended.
 H.E.
 Is humor intended or laughter?
 We should absolutely start using these after some of our jokes on the show.
 I could just say H.I. after one of my puns.
 Here's another thing I hadn't heard of.
 Hog Morse.
 Have you heard of Hog Morse?
 Hog Morse, yeah.
 It's from...
 Hog Morse.
 Is it bad Morse?
 Is it like Pigleton?
 Yeah.
 It's correct.
 It's basically auto correct for when you're doing Morse.
 It's the most commonly made mistakes when you're doing Morse code.
 What does it mean?
 Is it like letters which are similar or...?
 Yeah.
 It's basically called after one example, home becoming hog.
 One example given in the literature is, please fill me in, becoming six NAS, FIMI, Q.
 I see.
 So, ME is going to be dash dash dot or something, but then G is going to be dash dash dot
 without a space.
 Yes, yeah.
 And I guess it is the risk of everything going really out of kilter if you mix up something
 and then you get out of sync with the person receiving and they think your letters end
 and start in different places.
 Yeah.
 And then he turns into Goldwoody Gook.
 Yeah.
 So, this was... this whole fact is about a kind of secret message being set up basically
 in a sort of rude secret message.
 Yes.
 So, I've found another example of this kind of thing.
 Another thing from the second world war.
 So, Chinese engravers who are designing banknotes change the design of Chinese banknotes
 to score points off the Japanese who are occupying their country.
 They.
 Yeah.
 So, for example, the one you end up very, very common note, it has a picture of Confucius
 on it and he's making a gesture of prayer almost, it looks quite Buddhist almost.
 And some engravers changed some of the banknotes they made so that Confucius is doing the classic
 sex mind.
 Well, you've used one thumb and finger, one hand and the finger on the other.
 And for people at home, Andy is doing said mind.
 A great radio, classic sex mind as he put it.
 Yeah.
 So, they did that.
 Here's a thing about signalling out violent filthy language, an article from the Daily Mail
 from a couple of years ago, mother Lauren Walker had enjoyed a day from hell at the hands
 of her son Max.
 The two-year-old had smeared their dog in butter and put jam in the DVD player.
 Then he decided he didn't want the fish pie, she had spent two hours making.
 So she then spelt out the seawir, did his alphabets potato chips, did the pitch.
 I don't know how that becomes news, but it does take a lot.
 It must be a photo on Instagram when you get picked up to something like that.
 I was reading, and President Andrew Jackson, he had a parrot that he taught to swear and
 apparently he attended his funeral and started swearing really loudly as funeral and had
 to be taken out.
 Taking out my dirty, good service, bit harsh, but just open up the coffin and chuck it in with
 them.
 There is an online service called eggplantmail.com where you can send a message to your loved
 one.
 And the idea is that in emojis, an Obergine is a signal for something sexual and this company
 will send a real life, Obergine, to your loved one, and they'll inscribe a message on it.
 And it's supposed to be a signal, it's like doing a real life emoji.
 That's cool.
 It's quite cool.
 It's quite good, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 They describe themselves as 100% phallic, 100% anonymous and 100% disturbing.
 And 100% added maths.
 Okay, that's it, that's all of our facts, thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, James @X8, Andy @AndrewHunterM, and Alex @AlexBell_.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account, which is @QIPodcast, or you can go to know such
 thing as a fish.com, which has all of our previous episodes, and you can also go to
 know such thing as the news, which has all of our previous TV show episodes, a topical
 look at the week.
 At which week?
 All the previous weeks.
 All the old weeks.
 If you were really thinking to yourself, I'd love to know what happened in November and
 late October of this year, head to know such thing as the news.com.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode, we'll see you then, goodbye.
 [Music]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
