 "Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covenant Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber, I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Andrew Hunter Murray, and
 Aniches Insky, and once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite
 facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go, starting with you, Andy."
 My Vectors that when Britain declared war in 1914, they accidentally did it in the wrong
 format and they had to swap the letters, otherwise Britain would not technically be at war.
 "Well, what kind of farm that was?
 I don't know, I don't know if it was in landscape or in some kind of... what they declared
 with a painter or in a m... or emojis or so, I don't know, I have no idea.
 But this is from an article in Times Literary Supplement, which is great by the way, highly
 recommended, and there was a British diplomat called Harold Nicholson who was working at
 the foreign office, and one day he was told, "We've declared war on Germany, but we screwed
 it up," and we sent the letter which doesn't quite say the right phrase, I think.
 I think what it was was, they thought that Germany had declared war because they intercepted
 some thing over their radio waves, but actually Germany hadn't declared war, and so the letter
 said, "We accept your declaration of war, but what they actually wanted to say was, we declare
 war on you."
 Ah, because Britain was obliged to go to the defence of Belgium and Germany have violated
 a Belgian territory, and so, yeah, so... that's a sort of, you can't fire me, I quit, situation
 isn't it?
 It's very much like that.
 Yeah, it's like getting a text message saying, "I'm having an affair too," and then you
 have to withdraw that.
 And just say.
 And just say, "I'm having an affair."
 It's like getting the text message saying, "I'm having an affair," and then your spouse
 says, "I wasn't having an affair.
 What are you talking about?"
 Guys, I really think you should do these kind of things face to face.
 But Nicholson had to go to the German embassy at night, and he went so late in the day that
 the German ambassador, who was Prince Lichnovsky, he was in his pajamas in his bedroom, and he
 had the letter declaring war on a tray by his bed, and Nicholson had to do the old switch
 to Rue.
 And he says that he didn't notice, the Prince didn't notice.
 He thought it was just a social visit to say, "Well, sorry, we're a war now."
 And was this, this was after they'd officially declared war, it was just they were like, "Oh,
 we've got a bit of the paperwork wrong.
 We've got to swap that."
 It was that evening, yeah.
 It was that evening, yeah.
 So what had happened was Britain had given an automaton to Germany, saying, "If you don't
 get out of Belgium, we're going to declare war," and then it got to the evening and they
 thought Germany had declared war, but they hadn't, and then when it got to midnight,
 that was our automaton had kind of hit then.
 It was actually 11pm.
 11pm, sorry.
 It's very important.
 It is.
 Very important.
 You see, if I wasn't charged, we'd never go to war, would we?
 But poor old Lichnovsky was so upset, wasn't he?
 So he was the ambassador, and I always think ambassadors must have such a difficult job
 in war, because they're friends with everyone in the country they're in.
 So he was mates with all the Brits.
 He was very good friends with Asquith, and his wife, Margot Asquith, so Margot Asquith's
 wife, actually went to visit Lichnovsky about an hour or two before war was properly declared
 and just went to comfort him and say, "Sorry, this is rough, isn't it?"
 And he was sobbing, saying, "It's all over."
 And he knew Nicholson as well, so yeah, because when Nicholson went to visit him, he was
 in his night clothes.
 The last thing he said to him was, "Give my best regards to your father.
 I shall not, in all probability, see him before my departure."
 Yeah.
 And they hated the Germans.
 He's good.
 Who did the German ambassador?
 Yeah, so the ambassador's wife said to Margot Asquith on just the second of August, so two days
 before we went to war, to think that we should bring such sorrows to an innocent and happy
 people.
 I've always hated and loathed our Kaiser, having not said so a thousand times here in his
 friends were all Brits.
 So they were not pleased about it.
 No, and I suppose if you are an ambassador, you're going to have a more rounded world view,
 aren't you?
 Yeah.
 You know, probably, I don't know.
 Yeah.
 I've never been one.
 I'm sorry, just on Nicholson, then he later went on, people might have heard of him, because
 he later went on to marry writer Vita Sackfield West in a kind of marriage of convenience, because
 I think he was gay and she was a lesbian, or they were maybe both bisexual, but they kind
 of got married so that she could inherit her ancestral home of Sissinghurst.
 I'm sure it wasn't a phrasing mistake, and he didn't mean to say, "You're not going
 to like something like that."
 Yeah.
 He accidentally wrote, "Would you marry me?"
 I'm sorry.
 I meant to say, "I don't."
 I've not heard of her, is she a big author?
 She's a poet, and she's quite famous.
 Cool.
 I obviously know her, because she has a weird name, right?
 Yeah.
 It kind of sticks in your head, doesn't it?
 Yeah.
 So George the Fifth also, sort of, lots of people declare war.
 Officially, George the Fifth is one of the people who sort of announced the nation that we
 were at war, and his diary is very interesting, because it's so matter of fact.
 So his diary on that night, he wrote it just before he went to sleep, and it was a short
 entry.
 He said, "I held a council at 10.45 in the evening to declare war with Germany.
 It is a terrible catastrophe, but it is not our fault."
 And then he said, "The crowds were all cheering."
 When they heard war had been declared, the cheering was even more terrific, went to Bennett
 Midnight.
 And that's just, that's the start of the first world war for you.
 Oh, yeah.
 There were loads of, because they had a speech in Parliament, didn't they?
 Was it grey or someone did a speech in Parliament?
 And everyone was outside kind of expecting that war was going to be declared.
 And there was a mob in London who attacked the German Embassy, and at the same time there
 was a mob in Germany that attacked the British Embassy in Berlin, throwing stones.
 That is kind of a microcosm of the next four years.
 Yes.
 There's someone else who we know where they were when war broke out, and it's Adolf Hitler.
 And the interesting thing is we know, because there was a photograph taken of this huge crowd
 in Munich at a place called the Odian Plats, and they're all celebrating.
 There's lots of people, lots of crowds all over Europe celebrated the outbreak of war.
 They thought it was a good thing.
 And you can see, if you zoom in, Hitler in the crowd with a really big droopy moustache.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 But this is the crazy thing.
 So the photo was taken by a photographer who later became Hitler's official photographer,
 and in one of the very early bits of Nazi propaganda, Hitler, they tracked down this
 photo, they saw you saw Hitler in the crowd, and they retouched his moustache to turn it into
 the toothbrush moustache, that Hitler later adopted.
 Oh, if only we all had photographers to retouch photos from our youth.
 Our parents would be so thrilled to do it.
 Well, apart from he kind of retouches them all to make it look like he did when he was older.
 It's true.
 It's like giving yourself a mullet in a photo from the 80s.
 It's really weird.
 Yeah.
 But you're always ashamed of how you dress when you're younger, whether it's a weird
 bit of moustache, or you've got your stupid long hair from the 70s.
 Sorry.
 It's not like giving yourself a mullet, isn't it?
 No, it's the opposite.
 No, it's the opposite.
 It's the opposite.
 Yeah, it's taking away the mullet.
 Yes.
 The mullet's embarrassing.
 It's like moustache.
 It's like the Pope going back to his baby photos and putting a big hat on the mullet.
 It's exactly what it's like.
 Did you read one of the other amazing pieces of protocol they had to go through that
 day when Britain declared war, was that the foreign office sent out loads of telegrams
 to all the continents around the world that were vaguely affiliated with warning them were
 about to go to war.
 So this is sort of in the afternoon going on early evening, all these telegrams were sent
 out, and the foreign office clerks had to send them out, and all they had to do was fill
 it in a pre-written telegram that said just to warn you, Britain is going to war with
 blank.
 And they just wrote the word Germany, because they'd had them pre-written for about ten
 years.
 No, good.
 They just knew that they were going to go to war eventually.
 It's like, you know, when you are a kid and you have birthday invites, and it says you
 are invited to Blacks Party, like it's exactly like that, is it?
 It is.
 Do you think some were accidentally they forgot to fill them in and consciously just left
 guessing?
 Right.
 I would have for a laugh put a different country in just one telegram, just so one British
 territory overseas thinks we're at war with Switzerland or something.
 Yes.
 Or do you think they sent it to Germany and it just said you?
 Oh, yeah.
 Real privilege, the most senior clerk got to do the you one.
 I was just reading generally about what happened as soon as war was declared, and obviously
 a lot of soldiers had to be conscripted, and that led me into just looking into conscription.
 And I read about this thing, which I'd not heard of, I don't know if you guys have, but
 the pals of Italian.
 Have you heard of that?
 This was, so obviously they had to work out what was the best way to get people sort
 of passionate about joining the war.
 And one of the ideas was the idea that if you signed up with a friend of yours, there
 was a promise that you would both be in the same battalion.
 So professional golfers were known to sign up with each other.
 There was the Grimsby Chums, and that was former schoolboys from wintering him secondary
 school and Grimsby Grimsby.
 A terrible idea, actually, because if you're going to go to war and have to see all these
 people around you dropping dead, I'd rather they weren't all my mates.
 I know.
 I guess it's a morale thing though up until that point.
 Well, the idea is that you might fight harder if it's to save your friends, I think.
 Yes, yes.
 There was, in Thieves, they had a secret band of an army where they were all lovers, all
 gay lovers.
 And so they would all be in this army together and they would all fight.
 Where was it?
 This is in Thieves in the Spartan.
 In the Spartan?
 Wow, really?
 There's not a lot of innovation.
 No.
 Although actually the war between Sparta and Athens did go on until 1996.
 What?
 No.
 Come on now.
 It was one of those ones, you know, where they don't sign their peace agreement.
 Yeah.
 And so in 1986, they signed a symbolic agreement that Sparta and Athens were no longer at
 war, even though that they'd both been part of modern day Greece for about a thousand years.
 So I think we may have briefly mentioned the Barrack upon Tweed thing before.
 So there's this, the town of Barrack on Tweed.
 They mistakenly believed that they were at war with Russia for about 150 years after
 the end of the Crimean War.
 So that ended 1856.
 And it's because there was this really complicated history with Barrack upon Tweed.
 Because it's right on the border of England and Scotland.
 And it went, it changed hands about 13 times.
 And there was a 1502 agreement between England and Scotland, which said that Barrack upon Tweed
 is off, but not within the kingdom of England.
 Actually, it had been sorted out in 1746, it was all fine.
 If you didn't mention Barrack upon Tweed, there was no problem.
 It was still included.
 But the town, no one really knew that.
 It didn't sort of get through.
 So people kept naming it in official documents as a kind of just in case.
 They couldn't remember whether it was included.
 So people thought that they had been left out and that they were still at war with Russia.
 And this is the really sweet thing.
 In 2006, there was a kind of exhibition about this in the town, about this interesting,
 you know, King of History.
 And it was Barrack's war with Russia weekend.
 And apparently, as part of it, they had a Wattif reenactment, which I think is the best.
 Surely the Wattif in Wattif was Barrack being flattened within 30 seconds.
 Russia going about his business.
 I was just looking a little bit at the declaration of the Second World War.
 And the Second World War was kind of declared by two Nevels.
 So it was not really...
 Oh, really?
 Was it?
 It wasn't Gary in film, though.
 It was, obviously, there was Chamberlain.
 But then there was also Neville Henderson.
 He was the British ambassador in Germany.
 So it was his job to go and actually tell the Germans that we were at war.
 But it might have been because of a mistake, again, a little bit like this era.
 In 1914.
 So it was August the 30th in 1939.
 And Henderson went and met Ribbon Drop, who was their Hitler's prime secretary.
 And apparently, things got really tense.
 You know, Henderson was saying, "Please stop invading all these countries.
 Please don't do the Poland thing."
 And it came really close to blows.
 They almost started punching each other.
 And then Ribbon Drop said, "Okay, we're going to give you our last offer.
 We're going to give Poland the last offer."
 And Britain was, obviously, basically represented Poland at this point.
 And so Ribbon Drop read over the last offer, but Henderson's really pissed off with Ribbon Drop
 at this point.
 So he didn't really listen.
 And Ribbon Drop read over it really, really fast, sped through it apparently.
 And then Henderson went, "Okay, fine, give me the copy."
 And Ribbon Drop said, "No, not going to give you the copy.
 Hope you were paying attention."
 And so Henderson didn't know what had just happened, didn't really know what the offer
 was.
 It was kind of deliberately convoluted.
 And then Ribbon Drop said, "You've got to respond by midnight."
 And this confused everything.
 And within a couple of days, there was war.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 So always pay attention.
 Yeah.
 I don't think that's a message.
 So who was Ribbon Drop?
 I can see you all switch off, then, and we've gone to war.
 Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that there's a bacterium that can freeze water just by touching
 it.
 And these bacteria are used to make artificial snow in ski resorts.
 That was crazy.
 It's amazing.
 It's amazing.
 It's not fast.
 If I dropped one of these bacteria into my glass of water, is it frozen straight away?
 No.
 So it tends to do it with plants.
 It goes into the plant cells and it freezes the water in the plant cells so it can access
 the nutrients inside the plants.
 But the way that it does it is it has a protein on the outside of the bacterium, and they
 can shift the molecules around of the water, and the water then orders it, like, kind of
 gets into a lattice into a template, which is what ice is, really.
 And then it can also remove heat from the water in the same way that a refrigerator removes
 heat from the inside of it.
 So it gets hotter, but it removes heat from the water itself to make it into ice.
 And the plants don't like that, presumably.
 The plants do not like being killed, no.
 There's actually any frost damage that you see is usually down to this bacteria.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 So if you have a plant at, say, minus four degrees minus three or four degrees, it should
 be fine because the water inside it can super cool.
 It won't turn to ice until a little bit later than that.
 But if it has this bacterium in it, then the bacteria will turn the water, which would have
 been liquid into ice and it can kill the plants.
 Bastard.
 Bastard.
 Bastard.
 What I find is the same, sorry.
 What I find amazing is that this is being used in artificial snow making as in you must have
 to have so many hundreds and hundreds of millions and billions of these bacteria to make lots
 of artificial snow.
 How do you breed?
 I guess they just, they just reduced.
 They just reduced.
 They breed so bacteria.
 You just leave one alone for 20 hours and then you go back to the beginning.
 Well, yeah, that's the thing.
 I read a single-cell bacteria in a 12-hour period they can produce 70 billion bacteria
 from a single-cell bacteria.
 It's a good question.
 It breaks that process.
 It breaks that process.
 So small, isn't it?
 Because if they were like human size, overcrowding of the world would have happened in
 a second.
 Yeah, definitely.
 And that, think of all those generations.
 That's one great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, great, grandfather who has
 70 billion.
 Oh, God.
 How do you think you are?
 How do you think you are?
 How do you think you are?
 How do you think you are?
 How do you think you are?
 How do you think you are?
 How do you think you are?
 How do you think you are?
 How do you think you are?
 How do you think you are?
 How do you think you are?
 They can do it even after they're dead.
 Wow.
 Like snowmacks who make this artificial snow, they get dead bacteria, because the bacteria
 still have the protein on their outside, which can make the water turn into ice, even though
 they're not alive anymore.
 Wow.
 It's not a great PR line though, is it, using the dead corpses of billions of bacteria?
 Well, the thing is, real rain probably has these guys in it as well.
 So most real rain or snow has to have some kind of nucleus, which the water goes around.
 And they think that, generally speaking, it's this particular bacteria that's most common
 in rain around the world.
 Really?
 Because all rain starts sort of frozen up there, but then how is the bacteria not able
 to freeze it as well once it's in rain form down with us?
 Yes, because there'll be two warm at that stage.
 The bacteria only really works around the zero mark.
 Got it.
 And the things are kind of freezing anyway, but you know.
 That's why you don't get many ski slopes in places like Barbados, because the bacteria
 can't do it in the heat.
 Have you guys heard of the British gut project?
 No.
 So I was looking at microbiomes and how there's a theory that your bacteria in your stomach
 can affect your mood.
 So they don't experiments on mice where mice with no microbes in them got twice as stressed
 when scientists freak them out as normal mice did with normal microbiomes.
 So there's a theory there.
 But the British gut project is this enterprise which is trying to map the whole gut microbiome
 of the British population.
 And they're basically crowdsourcing poo in the post.
 In the post?
 Yeah.
 But you do have to pay.
 You can't just send them poo in the post.
 So there's crowd.
 How much do I have to pay to put poo in the post?
 It's 75 quid, but they are trying to build up this whole picture of the nation's microbiome
 health.
 They've been done it, tried in America already.
 And it's really interesting seeing a whole population's general health.
 So they're trying to sequence the DNA.
 So they will send you a breakdown of your own DNA.
 But it's not going to be a good method to find out the population's health because you're
 only going to get the weirdos, you're willing to shit in an envelope and send it to your
 solitus.
 I can't help but say, if you're upset with the British gut project, how do you show your
 displeasure?
 Because you can't send it anywhere in the post.
 You send them an empty sample part of the poll and poo.
 Wow.
 We're sending them your poo though, because half imagine getting a thing about going, you're
 50% corn.
 You know, just anything that's, I don't think that's how sequencing DNA will help.
 You know when they say that humans and cons, like 75% of the DNA is those guys.
 In China, it's smuggy, I read.
 And there are bacteria that live on the smug, so they live inside the smug and they can
 eat the smug.
 And that sounds like quite cool, doesn't it, because maybe it gets rid of the smug.
 But unfortunately, they fart out even worse chemicals.
 So you're just replacing one police with another.
 Do we not have another kind of bacteria that can eat the worst chemicals?
 I get the feeling that they'll fart something worse after that.
 That's really fun.
 OK, it's time for fact number three, and that is Chazinsky.
 My fight is that women who were applying to be Qing Dynasty concubines had to spend a
 night sleeping with the Emperor's mother first, so that she could check they didn't
 snore.
 Yeah, so the selection process to be a concubine was so arduous, and there were so many steps
 to it.
 This is actually in this amazing thing that's on the south, it's been published by the South
 China Morning Post, but it's in collaboration with the Forbidden Palace Museum, and I would
 so recommend it.
 They've done a series of chapters detailing life in the Forbidden City.
 And this is about, yeah, so there were these concubines who lived in the Forbidden City with
 the Emperor.
 And to become one, you had to, well, first of all, every single Manchu woman in the kingdom
 had to apply to become a concubine, so you weren't allowed to marry until you'd applied
 to check the Emperor didn't want to marry you.
 This was all girls between 13 and 16, and they did this sort of call out every three years.
 And then they'd come, and God knows how they whittled it down from that many, but they
 whittled it down to about a hundred who would be monitored really, really carefully by
 all these females already in the Forbidden City.
 So for things like in squid, skin abnormalities, body odor, they were really strict on body
 odor, and anything else that might be wrong with them.
 And then they were whittled down to finalists who were kind of taught like a finishing school
 how to behave.
 It's very much like the X-Factor, isn't it?
 It is.
 It's so X-Factor.
 Yeah.
 Although they don't do the body odor thing.
 The X-Factor spend a night sleeping next to Simon Carroll.
 But I know how they whittled it down.
 It was in that brilliant piece.
 So when the Ming dynasty--
 Which is the one just before?
 Yes.
 We've got records of how they whittled it down.
 So they picked 5,000 young women, and then they eliminated 1,000 on the first day for being
 too short or tall or fat or thin.
 And the second day, they got rid of another 2,000 based on their voices and general manner.
 You got 2,000 left.
 Well, that is actually like X-Factor, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 It's true.
 And third day, they got rid of another 1,000 because their hands or feet weren't right.
 I haven't seen--
 I haven't seen the X-Factor, but I don't think that that fades in.
 So you've got 1,000 left.
 Yeah, foot inspection.
 Foot inspection was a massive thing.
 Yeah.
 Feet are so important.
 Feet are so important.
 Yeah.
 Then you've got 1,000 left.
 And then you have gynecological examinations, which apparently get rid of another 700.
 Wow.
 I do not know how.
 I've got to say, I kind of at this stage wish I'd been kicked out for being too tall short
 fat or thin.
 And then you have a month of testing for the remaining 300.
 Yeah.
 But in that final month, is it right that they get taught sort of incredible skills that
 they might not have learnt painting, reading, walking.
 Yeah.
 It was very much my fault.
 What kind of walking walking walk?
 One of those skills that you'd never learned, unless you were in Alice, who walked back into
 your village, you've changed.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Everyone else were rolling around.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, she thinks she's so off herself.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That was a book that was saying they were taught to have.
 They had to have dainty feet, and they were taught to have a titillating walk.
 Yeah.
 But yeah, and sleeping next to the mother, the mother was the final herd, or you had to cross,
 and she was the senior woman.
 [LAUGHTER]
 What a boss level.
 [LAUGHTER]
 How many, do you know, got through to that final phase?
 I think the finalists, they were 10, I think, or maybe they were 5 at that point, but we were
 down to a manageable number.
 Because the mother doesn't have, you know, there's only one Emperor's mum, so she can't
 spend all her time unless she sleeps with them all at the same time, but then how do you
 know who's sorry?
 Yeah.
 Oh, yes.
 You just blame it on the person next to you.
 And it was to check for things like sleepwalking or sleep talking.
 All body odors again, she had to be very careful with.
 And then you passed.
 But a lot of girls in one part, obviously, because it meant that you had to abandon your village
 and your family and all your friends and live forever in this massive urban city with
 this creepy old man.
 So.
 Yeah.
 You might not come and see you, though, because when the lots of concubines, some of them
 had tons, didn't they?
 I think.
 Yeah, you had different levels.
 You had your base level concubine, and then it went to higher rankings all the way up to
 your, the Empress boss level.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 And there were about 20,000 by the chain dynasty.
 20,000 concubines.
 Concubines, consorts.
 Yeah.
 Blimey.
 Where would it be?
 20,000 women in this urban city.
 I have some women.
 I'm just trying to work out the timings of this.
 What?
 How?
 How, like, let's say, how many, how many you can have sex with in that amount of time?
 Got us.
 Yeah.
 You know, to be frank.
 Well, they did have problems with that.
 It was one emperor called Emperor Wu, not part of the Qing, but he had 5,000 women, too many
 to either remember who he actually wanted to sleep with, but he knew that they were all
 very pretty.
 So what he used to do was go around in a cart that was carried by goats.
 And when the goats got tired, wherever they parked, that's who he went and had sex with
 that night.
 Yeah.
 That's...
 Surely there's an easier way to remember who you fancy.
 He fancied them all, I think.
 That's the idea.
 As the concubines, he just thought they're all very beautiful.
 So wherever the goats stop, that's where I'll get off.
 And some of the concubines he had cheated.
 And many of the concubines actually did want to have relations with him because maybe it
 brought children and they would become emperors.
 Exactly.
 So what they used to do was leave little bits of treats outside the door for the goats to
 trick them into stopping.
 And then there's other ones who, because they wanted to make sure that there was not too
 much jealousy amongst the concubines, because if you slept with one of the concubines,
 that raised her level and suddenly your surrounding concubines might get a bit too jealous and fights
 break out and so on, they used to have a rotation calendar that was done for certain emperors.
 So they would make sure that you never slept with the same concubine in the same week or something
 like that.
 Sure, right.
 And we'd have written records of that.
 So I read on this website, Anna, that you were talking about, that in the 10th century
 calendars, we used to keep track of the sex life rather than of dates of day life.
 Yes.
 It was so closely monitored.
 You're not saying I'll meet you on the 29th of the Emperor's Shagging Rachel.
 And I think we should bring it back in our royal family.
 Yeah, there was a branch of the Imperial Government that was set up in the 1670s called the
 Office of Respectful Service.
 And this was to formalise that really and make sure secretaries were installed to keep tabs
 on the sexual activities.
 And so every single concubine that visited the bedroom, they'd have to take note of it,
 they'd have to find out what actually happened in there.
 Because again, the ranking system, you haven't had any much.
 I found this interesting.
 Apparently there was only one monogamous Chinese emperor who was called Hong Xi.
 And he was only monogamous because he was extremely close to his mother.
 And then his mother was murdered by a concubine.
 So that rather put him off the idea of concubines.
 Or concubines.
 Yeah.
 Except the one, presumably.
 I think he took a wife.
 He took a wife.
 Yeah.
 They could do that sometimes.
 Couldn't they concubines?
 There was an emperor called Xi-A-Sing, which I'm sure I'm pronouncing wrong.
 But 18 of his concubines kind of ganged up on him and tried to kill him.
 They drove herpins into his crotch and they wrapped a silk cord around his neck and tried
 to strangle him.
 Wow.
 The guy with the clipboard in the corner saying, "I don't know what I record this at."
 Maybe heavy pressing?
 Well, the Empress, emphrasifying, then had all the conspirators killed.
 They're all executed.
 But Xi-A-Sing, he decided to move out of the Imperial Palace and became a Taoist magician
 who spent his whole life having sex with virgins and drinking magic potions made from bodily
 fluids.
 Wow.
 He infected him quite badly.
 It's, yeah.
 Is that...
 And that council is being a magician?
 It's only been disappointed if I went to a magic show and all he did was drink blood and urine
 and have sex with virgins.
 You've clearly never been to a day of a blind track.
 I think the magic was other stuff.
 Right.
 Did he stay as emperor?
 He did, but basically he just ignored all of his duties that he was supposed to do as
 emperor.
 Wow.
 And did all this magic and...
 I'm so annoying.
 I'm so annoying.
 If the Empress had got a magic show, he'd be constantly trying to show you another trick.
 I'm saying that we are at war with four separate groups of people, could we have some decisions,
 please?
 Oh, pick a card.
 Just on Unix, so because they were the other group of people that were allowed in the
 Forbidden City, you couldn't have men with their parts because then they might impregnate
 the women.
 So there were thousands and thousands of Unix and it was actually a good gig because it's
 the only way you can work really close to the emperor in his government.
 But I think there was one drawback.
 The application process was a bit tedious.
 Imagine if they chop your cock off and then they said, "Sorry, you snore."
 But the way they did it was they put you on a chair with a hole in the seat.
 Oh, really?
 And then you just whip something underneath it and it's gone.
 I mean, it was the testicles that were really...
 It was the piece of hole.
 It was the piece of hole.
 Yes, yeah.
 You got to get rid of it.
 And I think we've said they used to then have to carry them around in a pouch we've mentioned
 before.
 Which they were proud of, the last Unix of China, fell out with his family when they threw
 his genitals away.
 The Unix never spoke to his family again off the back.
 I think that's fair enough.
 I would be so annoyed if my mum threw away a body part of mine.
 Yes.
 Your car is on or off.
 When you go back to visit your parents and they've like changed your bedroom and they turn
 into a study or something.
 Yeah.
 That's really upsetting.
 Yeah, that's true.
 So the reason they threw it away is because during the cultural revolution there was a whole
 thing about you need to discard anything that was seen as old society.
 And if you had anything that was old society, yeah, you put your whole family at risk because
 you own something from...
 So they saw his genitals as part of that tradition.
 Oh my goodness.
 Yeah, so they threw it away.
 That's amazing.
 And think about his life.
 This guy, Sonia Teng, the last Unix.
 He died in 1996.
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 Really recent history.
 Yeah.
 I don't know how you pronounce that word, but Conky Binage, Conky Binage, was only banned
 in Hong Kong in 1972.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 And it's still not uncommon, I think.
 It's not as frowned upon to have lots of mistresses in our parts of China.
 And there's a saying in China, well, someone who's Chinese on the internet said, "We've got
 a popular saying," which explains why Chinese men need multiple women.
 But women are expected to just have one man.
 And it goes, "One teapot is usually accompanied by four cups.
 Have you ever seen one cup with four teapots?"
 Sounds similar to something I have seen on the internet, but...
 Oh!
 Two conkybings, one cup, so I can't say that.
 Completely different, but equally profound meaning to that.
 Conkybinging sounds like an old, old Netflix kind of.
 It's not conkybinging.
 Conkybinging just sounds like you're chucking them out.
 Oh, well, there is a good argument for conkybinging because there's a new TV show in China
 which is about Yangtze Palace, and it's hugely popular.
 It's the most Googled TV show of the year 2018, despite the fact that Google is largely banned
 in China.
 That's how hugely popular it is, all across Asia, lots of other countries as well.
 It's been streamed 15 billion times, and it's about a rivalry between conkybines in the
 forbidden city.
 So conkybinging is actually a perfect word for watching the show.
 15 billion, that means everyone on average has watched it twice.
 I know.
 That's...
 Yeah.
 I'm just saying it's a lot.
 It's a lot.
 But I guess there are billions of people who haven't seen it, so someone's watched at least
 three times.
 Yeah.
 I've watched it two million times.
 I think there are just a billion people in Asia.
 A billion people in China, aren't there?
 Yeah, one point three.
 Yeah.
 And more outside that.
 But still within Asia.
 Yeah.
 Asia's population is very high.
 I know.
 I shouldn't have been surprised that 15 billion is a lot.
 I mean, how many people live in Asia?
 Is it about four billion?
 It's a very large population.
 All of Asia.
 They include in India.
 Oh, no.
 Cheating.
 Oh, I'm including India.
 Oh, right.
 Then five.
 Yeah.
 One point three billion in China, one point three billion in India, probably about one hundred
 million in Bangladesh or something.
 Right.
 Indonesia.
 It's not a biggie.
 But they've still all seen it more than twice.
 That's the amazing thing.
 Even all of these people, you know.
 How do they get anything done?
 Well, there's China so productive.
 They're all constantly watching this thing.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK.
 It's time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that some meteors skim off the earth as if they were a stone skimming
 across the waters.
 That's very good.
 But who is throwing them?
 Yes, good question.
 It's so profound.
 I know.
 I've made that a bit more poetic.
 Probably scientists listening are thinking, you dick, that's not what they do.
 So, but they don't skim off the earth if you count the earth as the ground that we walk
 on, do they?
 No.
 Exactly.
 That would be the best fact we've ever done.
 [LAUGHTER]
 If no one knew that.
 What this is, is--
 [LAUGHTER]
 This is meteors.
 Too much of it if the betrayal that came to kill the dinosaurs just went, "Why are you
 on your own?"
 [LAUGHTER]
 Straight back into space.
 That would be extraordinary.
 What this is is, we obviously-- we have an atmosphere and the atmosphere is what
 burns up.
 When we call a meteorite, it's because it goes through a layer of the atmosphere.
 It's very cold, burns it up, and then that lands on the earth.
 Sometimes, when a meteor comes into the earth's atmosphere, it's on such an angle, almost
 a parallel angle to the earth's atmosphere, that it just bounces off.
 They're called earth grazers.
 They don't make it down further.
 They literally get a lift, a boost off the atmosphere, pushing it back up.
 Sometimes slowing at speed, but it makes it back out and just hurdles back into space.
 Latch it if you could skim it off the earth and then off Mars and then off the earth.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Wouldn't that be extraordinary?
 We know that it happens a lot, and a lot of people have seen it with the naked eye, but
 we haven't actually recorded too many of these.
 I believe in 2006 was only the fourth time that we've ever caught in camera, what is known
 as the earth grazers, the ones that come in and skim off.
 So what does it look when you sit with the naked eye?
 Does it look like a meteor, but it just does burn up?
 No, it does burn up, so you see the flaming meteorites as it were coming in, but because
 of the angle, it suddenly just takes a turn and heads off.
 But do you see it take a turn then with the naked eye?
 Well, I guess what you see is the flame go out.
 You just see, yeah, you see it's drinking across the sky and then kind of finishing.
 Is it right to say then that it comes in and it goes very slightly into the earth's atmosphere
 and then bounces out again, so when it's in the earth's atmosphere, that's when it's
 burning up and that's what you see, but then it disappears.
 Exactly.
 So in 2006, there was one, it was just, it was a bright fireball is what you would have seen
 in the sky and this was seen over Japan and it made it to 55 miles from the earth's surface.
 Wow.
 So that gets really close.
 And then it just looked down and thought no.
 Right, man.
 These guys look lame.
 Yeah, so it was, it was there for 35 seconds that you could see it and yeah, so and then
 it just disappears back out into, back into space and in the distance, it's crazy.
 This is actually related to that or not about meteors, but with spaceships, that same effect
 is a major concern they have when bringing spaceships back to earth.
 So one of the hardest things if you're controlling a spaceship is re-entering because you have
 to get the angle at which you re-enter completely spot on.
 And if you go to sharpen angle, then you're going to fast and there's too much friction
 and then you burn up, but if you're going to shallow an angle, if it is really shallow,
 then again, there's this risk because the earth is a sphere that you'll sort of skim
 across the atmosphere, but then come back off of it.
 And miss it.
 Yeah, miss the earth.
 You'd have thought it was a big enough target.
 So one of the biggest problems with Apollo 13 as they came around from the other side of
 the moon was on top of everything else is that because their instruments were down, that
 exact thing was going to happen to them.
 They were not on the right trajectory to come back into earth.
 So they had to make a thrust, basically with the naked eye, with the earth in the distance
 using that as a target to get themself back into the right position, otherwise that might
 have happened to them.
 Although, I've read a few things, and maybe James, you know about this, about things wouldn't
 really bounce off the earth.
 You don't just bounce off into the distance.
 No, of course not.
 So there's no spring that you can hit, there's no solidity in the earth, but it's just the
 fact that the earth is circular.
 So the earth was flat, which some people argue.
 Here we go.
 It's just that it can't get through those dense layers, so it effectively goes straight.
 But because the earth is a curve, then it comes straight off it again.
 There's another kind of quite cool earth grazing thing that you can watch.
 A few people have been lucky to see it.
 It's called a meteor procession.
 This is really cool.
 When it does come into that zone of the atmosphere, where it starts heating up, often a meteor will
 break into little bits.
 And that's sometimes when we see meteor showers and so on.
 It's why you see so many.
 So what will happen is this meteor will come in, it'll start breaking up into bits, but still
 enough of it is there to head back out into space and not come down.
 However, it will now be about 10 of them that will fly back off into space.
 So you'll just see what looks like because they're all on the same trajectory, just like
 an Arab show, a procession going over you, flying over it by flaming balls.
 Yeah.
 It's kind of like a meteor shower in a way, which is always fun.
 And I didn't realise that I think this is going to be one of those things that I, it's
 unbelievable.
 I didn't know.
 But I didn't know that meteor showers happened, so regularly, like at the same time, every
 single year, and that they're all named after the constellation they come from, which is
 nice.
 So you've got Orionids or Geminiids.
 And they're at 112 meteor showers every year, always happen at the same time, because
 it's where the earth just intersects with the comet tail at the same time.
 And I guess over many thousands of years, then it changes, as the comet moves away.
 Yeah.
 I didn't really know that.
 How do you say, is it the perseid, or the perseid?
 So the perseid meteor shower that people might have seen, that is cool.
 I just quite like this origin of what it's called.
 It's usually referred to as the tears of St. Lawrence.
 And that is after St. Lawrence, who is that Christian Deacon, who the Romans burnt him
 in AD258, and he's the one who, you know, they put him on a barbecue, roasted on a barbecue.
 And then he, apparently, according to legend, was the guy that said, "I am already roasted
 on one side.
 If you would have me well cooked, it is time to turn me on to the other."
 It's such a great story.
 It's so lovely.
 It's so lovely.
 So what you actually said, was that?
 Well, that was that in Latin.
 I've got a religious connection to all this, too.
 So there is an argument.
 It's only an argument, and we'll never know the truth, but there's an argument that.
 There's a bit in the Bible where St. Paul has a conversion.
 He's on the road to Damascus.
 He's called something else before that, and then he becomes Paul.
 It's called Saul.
 He's called Saul.
 And Saul becomes Paul.
 So there is an argument that he just saw a meteor, because in the account, there are several
 different accounts of it.
 He sees a big flash, I think.
 Exactly.
 He says it's brighter than the sun.
 It can be brighter than the sun.
 He fell over.
 Take.
 That would happen.
 Why?
 It's a shockwave if a meteor arrives.
 Oh.
 Take.
 Really?
 He also says he heard a big noise.
 Take.
 And he was blinded, which could happen.
 Well, but do you know that?
 That also could be a truck.
 Couldn't it?
 No, I don't think it lights.
 I don't think it lights.
 Yeah.
 Paul's over.
 Take.
 Loud noise.
 Take.
 That's true.
 And it would have been more miraculous in a way to produce a truck at that time.
 Hey, just speaking of that idea you said of, it's not as crazy as a meteorite hitting the
 Earth's surface itself and bouncing off.
 Oh, yeah.
 There is a Mars, 2.5 million years ago, a rock left the surface of Mars, shot out into space,
 then in 1962, that rock finally landed on Earth as a meteorite in Nigeria, in Zagami.
 And it's known as the Zagami meteorite.
 And sometimes soon in the future, that very same bit of meteorite is going to become a meteorite
 again, except this time, back on Mars.
 Because in 1996, we put some of that meteorite back onto a ship.
 So we've relaunched it out of our planet.
 And it's part of the Mars Global Survey, which has been going around Mars, but we've lost
 contact with.
 So very soon that satellite is going to go into, it's going to be sucked in by the orbit
 of Mars.
 It's going to be so pissed off.
 In that, if you're like, I've traveled for 2.5 million years to get away from that place
 and you've literally just put me straight back.
 That's true.
 That's incredible, though.
 It's like a cool poetic justice, isn't it?
 I think it's amazing how these rocks get from one place to another.
 Like for instance, when the dinosaur asteroid came down, it breaks through the atmosphere,
 basically pushes all the atmosphere out of the way, causes a vacuum.
 And so when it hits the ground, the loads of rocks come up, they all get sucked into space.
 Oh wow.
 And so you could theoretically have some rocks from the dinosaur age that have since made
 it onto the moon, and they could theoretically be dinosaur fossils, obviously.
 In fit, like probably not, but theoretically it could be.
 There was an article about this recently, there's a piece of rock that they think maybe
 it's from Earth, but they can't, they need to do more tests.
 In fact, that one you are talking about, I think they do, like you say, they're not sharp,
 but they're pretty sure it is from the Earth, because it was the way you can tell it how
 it was formed, and it was formed in a way that either it's from the Earth or they have
 to change the way that the history of the moon is.
 Right, because they think it couldn't have come up to the surface of the moon in the right
 times.
 It's a bit complicated, but yeah, that could be the oldest known Earth rock, and they found
 it on the moon.
 It's about 4 billion years old, it's incredible, is it because they brought it back to it?
 They must have done that.
 Yeah, it came on Apollo 14, I think.
 What are the odds of bringing back?
 Did you come back with some moon samples?
 We've got some bad news.
 We feel so stupid.
 Probably that spaceship crossed with the Martian one and the two rocks waved at each other
 going, "Go back home, yeah, go back home."
 Why have we got such strict immigration laws in the universe when we keep on sending
 fun rocks back when they came through?
 No wonder conspiracy theorists don't think we went, the only rocks we've got are fucking
 from here anyway.
 Can I just say one thing about just about the Tunguska?
 So the Tunguska event was this massive explosion, we'll see in 1908, it was so big, it
 cast light over the whole world and at the time the night, the night skies glowed so brightly
 that people in Asia, which we know is heavily populated, so probably quite a lot of people,
 people in Asia read their newspapers outdoors at midnight and apparently at least one golfer
 got in a round at 2.30 in the morning in St Andrews and Scotland.
 That's amazing.
 That's you.
 That's the 1908 version of you, James.
 Does it look like the world's ending here, wow, I think I could get diving in there.
 So a meteor, heading towards the earth, if it's a small-ish size, we would call that, let's
 say a meteor, a meteoroid meteorite in the earth, if it was bigger, it's an asteroid, right?
 So it's a sightseeing.
 So in movies, whenever we try to prevent an asteroid from hitting the earth, they always
 send up some kind of big nuclear device to blow it up and there's so many plans going
 on with NASA and independent bodies of scientists who are trying to work out the best way to stop
 potential asteroids from hitting the earth.
 And there's something that want to wrap it in a sail and sort of sail it in a different
 direction.
 But one thing I read is they don't ever really want to go for the nuclear option because
 obviously you blow it up and then suddenly you're sending a lot of rocks to earth.
 But what I didn't realize is they're nuclear rocks now, so you've made them radioactive.
 So you would actually just make the whole situation doubly worse by spreading radiation everywhere
 where it hit.
 I mean, we have this ridiculous policy where we can't bring a strand of hair into space
 in case it infects Mars and I can't believe that I'm considering sending radioactive rocks
 out into space.
 Yeah.
 I think the key would be to push it, wouldn't it?
 That's the current best theory because there's a guy at NASA who's called the planetary
 protection officer.
 He's an awesome guy, but he's very low-key about the whole thing, so his name is Lindley
 Johnson, and he's responsible for it basically, but he's only got eight members of staff.
 So if we get hit by an asteroid, is it his fault?
 Effectively.
 But he was asked about it, he said, "Do you feel a little pressure being the planetary protection
 officer?"
 And he said, "It doesn't stress me out that much."
 Well, I want someone to be a bit more, but actually, because who does he answer to if we
 do get all annihilated by an asteroid?
 Well, he's going to go into the cockroach's office and cockroach will say, "Well done."
 You've been working for us all this time.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the courses, podcasts, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @Streiberland, James @JamesHarkin, Andy @AndryHunterM
 and Chazinski.
 You can email us on podcast@ky.com.
 Yep, or you can go to our group account at no such thing.
 You can also go to nosuchthingasaffish.com.
 We have all of our previous episodes up there.
 We also have links to our tour.
 We're going to be touring all around the UK in March.
 We're going to Ireland as well.
 Please get some tickets.
 We hope to see you there.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [MUSIC]
