 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It's kind of a nice such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's kind of the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 Once again, we've gathered around a microphone to discuss our favourite facts
 from the last seven days.
 My name's Andy Murray and I'm joined by three other QI elves.
 Their names are James Harkin, Molly Oldfield and on fact checking duty today,
 Anarchersinsky.
 We also have a special guest with us today, whose name is Mark Abrahams.
 And for those of you who don't know him,
 Mark is the founder of the Ignobel Prizes,
 which is a series of awards given out every year
 for pieces of research that first make you laugh and then make you think.
 So as an example, this year's Probability Prize went to a team of scientists
 for making two related discoveries.
 First, that the longer a cow has been lying down,
 the more likely that cow will soon stand up.
 And second, that once a cow stands up,
 you cannot easily predict how soon that cow will lie down again.
 Hello, Mark.
 Hello, thank you for inviting me to your elf cast.
 Thank you.
 Thank you for coming along.
 I'm delighted to be visiting your country from my native home of America.
 The Ignobel show is touring the UK at the moment, doesn't it?
 That's right.
 And Denmark and Sweden.
 Oh my goodness, okay.
 So listen, as in Denmark and Sweden, look out for that.
 So let's kick off with fact number one, which is from you, Mark.
 Fact number one is that a number of years ago,
 some plastic surgeons in Belgium,
 they had a young Belgian man who came to them,
 wanting to have surgery performed to make him look more like his idol,
 the singer Michael Jackson.
 This is a technique first used on Michael Jackson himself.
 Exactly.
 There are lots of interesting questions.
 It's very interesting, it's a difficult piece of surgery.
 And in this medical report, the surgeons
 probably describe exactly how they did it
 and say that they succeeded.
 Wow, that's amazing.
 When was this?
 This was about 1997.
 Do they have to do special thing where the skin got whiter and whiter and whiter?
 Well, they're Michael Jackson.
 Well, these were plastic surgeons and
 when they write a report in a medical journal,
 they talk about just one specific thing they were doing.
 Wouldn't it be terrible to get the surgery done
 and then discover that you can't dance or sing
 anywhere near as well as Michael Jackson could?
 Because nobody could, for a start.
 That's where robotics could enter the picture.
 Right.
 And moonwalking.
 I mean, you must be able to perfect moonwalking
 if you practice it for long enough, do you think?
 Yeah, but moonwalking was not the only dance move that Jackson did.
 But one of the main ones, come on.
 It wasn't amazing.
 He was an amazing dancer.
 We did on QI that it wasn't invented by Michael Jackson.
 Oh, yeah.
 It was invented by Bill Bailey, right?
 Yeah, it was an old guy called Bill Bailey,
 not our Bill Bailey, the other one.
 And also by the mannequin,
 do you remember that video?
 You know, Red Cat mannequin.
 Yeah, it's brilliant.
 This brilliant bird that has a mating ritual
 that kind of climbs up a branch
 and then it slides back down like Michael Jackson.
 We always see on QI when we're doing our research,
 Dolly Parton or Charlie Chaplin came third,
 you know, Charlie Chaplin or a Dolly Parton look like competition.
 I don't know if any of those is true.
 Have you ever found any evidence that it's true?
 Well, Chaplin was so famous in his time
 that if you were going to have a look like competition for anyone,
 it probably would be him.
 Yeah, but him coming third.
 Like, "don't make us happen to Hitler, Luzo,
 look like competition."
 You're thinking of Charlie Chaplin then?
 Hitler came third in a Charlie Chaplin look like competition.
 I do have a true example.
 Graham Greene, the author, once entered a competition
 of writing like Graham Greene and came second.
 Oh.
 Which is fantastic.
 I think it was in the New States, man.
 Well, speaking of him like Hitler and whoever,
 is it true all the stuff about dictators
 getting look-alikes for themselves?
 Um, dictators look-alikes.
 I don't know much about them.
 Well, I know one thing is that there was a guy
 who looked just like Saddam Hussein
 and he got a kidnapped or attempted a kidnapped
 from some guys in Egypt
 because they wanted to make a porn movie of him.
 No.
 Yeah.
 He got away for that was his claim.
 Because he didn't want to be in a porn movie or...
 Some people have no ambition, do they?
 His name, Kim Jong Un.
 Oh, is it?
 Kim Jong Un.
 He has made everyone in Korea have the same hair cut as him.
 And there's a story about how,
 if one direction wanted to perform in Korea,
 they were going to have to have the hair cut like him.
 Did you see that in the news?
 I don't know any of you.
 The other day.
 One direction wanted to perform in North Korea.
 Now, I don't know much about the touring circuits
 in the stadiums of North Korea,
 but I think that story.
 But they're not like people to go.
 Well, I can tell you that I'm pretty sure about this.
 I think North Korea has a world's largest spot stadium.
 I'm sure it has.
 It's got the world's largest everything and nothing else.
 The one direction thing wasn't April fools.
 Louis reports all coming out saying that he's forcing
 all men at university in North Korea to have his hair cut, Kim Jong Un.
 But I think it seems they're all coming from South Korean media number.
 I would suspect it's not true.
 But apparently, so it used to be that men were allowed to choose
 from 10 different prescribed haircuts.
 No, men have to pick his apparently.
 So, let's go back to something about surgery.
 It's a surgery, yeah.
 I remember I found this thing last year
 and I passed it on to you, Mark,
 which was a Gainekamastia in the German Ministry of Defence.
 German soldiers have been marching,
 hitting themselves on the chest with their guns.
 So such an extent that the breasts have been growing
 and they've had to have reduction surgery.
 That's amazing.
 It's a paper by Björn Durg Kruppel
 and within six years a total of 211 patients
 underwent surgery in Germany.
 Wow.
 It's quite a lot of that.
 Yeah, massively.
 Just banging their gun against the chest.
 Yeah, it forces the tissue to grow.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah, it didn't happen to everybody, but it happened quite a few times.
 Talking of big jobs.
 There's a real lifeer, Barbie and Ken.
 Oh, really?
 And Ken has had over a hundred surgeries to look more like Ken,
 whereas Barbie's only had a boob job
 and she does the rest of the lighting and really get makeup.
 And apparently when they met they had a big fight.
 Ken got angry with baked Barbie because he said,
 "I've spent a fortune and I had a hundred surgeries
 and all you've done is one blame boob job."
 Totally plastic plastic surgery.
 I did try to get in touch a few years ago with these surgeons.
 Dr. Momeritz, Dr. Abelus, and Dr. Grapp.
 I thought that they would be happy to talk with somebody.
 Even the kind of journalist I am who was interested
 but not necessarily adoring.
 They were no longer eager to discuss this.
 Oh.
 They must have been made fun of a little bit, I guess,
 by some other people.
 Fortunately, even if they're not popular anymore,
 they have a surefire way of disguising themselves in public.
 Okay, let's move on to fact number two,
 which comes from Molly.
 So last week a few of us went on an ELF expedition to the British Museum
 and we went to the Viking exhibition.
 So I thought I'd talk a little bit about Viking.
 The largest Viking ship ever found was discovered
 when they renovated the Viking ship museum.
 Brilliant.
 Actually, underneath it, all.
 They were basically extending the museum
 and they dug down into the fjord literally outside the museum
 and there they found the longest Viking ship ever found
 and a whole bunch of other ships do.
 That's so convenient, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 And underneath that, they found another ship.
 They found another museum which was upside down
 and it was a mirror with nevermind.
 Do you remember that guy who got buried upside down atop his horse?
 He buried him upside down.
 He was sat on his horse upside down and the reason he did it
 is because he believed when the world ended,
 everyone would get sucked up to heaven.
 So if he was upside down, he'd be the right way round.
 Brilliant.
 Have you found it, other?
 Yes, it was in Surrey, I think.
 A few miles away, a horse is buried upside down too.
 And the National Trust says,
 "You might think this is major Peter Labilly's horse."
 This isn't the guy who was buried up to now.
 But it's actually just a big coincidence.
 Oh, that is a staggering coincidence.
 Oh, isn't it?
 Yes, but if you want to see, you can go to Box Hill
 and check out the grave.
 Or grade in 1800.
 His grave stones is major Peter Labilly age 75,
 eccentric resident of Dawking.
 Sort of implies he knew what he was doing.
 It's a good epitaph to have.
 Yeah.
 Vikings, we should get back to Vikings.
 Yeah, they had these things called
 "Hobback Stones" in the exhibition,
 which were huge stones that they're curved
 and they are covered with Viking inscriptions.
 And they think what happened was
 the Vikings saw people here, like Christians,
 burying their dead and putting grave stones.
 And so they copied them with their "Hobback Stones"
 and kind of made them Scandi Stull
 with Viking things all over them,
 decorations all over them.
 What was that thing about Viking coins
 and what inscriptions they had on them?
 Yeah, the most common written inscription
 appearing anywhere in Vikings, Scandinavia was,
 what do you think?
 Well, something about Hrothger, angry face
 and his sword or something like that.
 What do you think?
 It was actually, there is no God,
 but Aller alone, he has no partner.
 No way.
 No, how?
 Pretty weird, because at the beginning of the Viking Age,
 the Islamic world stretched far and wide
 from Spain to Central Asia
 and they used a single coinage throughout the empire.
 And the Vikings obviously bought these coins back with them
 when they went off on their travels.
 They found some of these coins
 because they've sort of scrubbed out the inscription
 and put thaws hammer across the top.
 Wow, they were probably protesting
 outside the Viking Embassy all over the Middle East.
 And it also had some really good Viking graffiti,
 which was like pretty basic.
 They tended to graffiti ships
 all over the stuff.
 Wow.
 Viking graffiti sounds like it would almost all be good.
 They look like the teenagers of European history, aren't they?
 They are, yeah.
 And also these skulls, which had, they, they filed down their teeth.
 Oh yeah.
 They're more fearsome.
 These particular Vikings just maybe were the equivalent
 of this young Belgian man who wanted to have surgery
 to make him look like Michael Jackson.
 I just want to look like Odin, guys.
 Lots of people having one eye removed
 so they look like Odin.
 I really like the thing though, about finding something
 in a really convenient place.
 That's such a great story about the ship underneath the ship museum.
 And I like this thing about how they found the new species
 of book in the Natural History Museum's garden.
 Oh yeah, that was brilliant.
 Yeah, it was amazing.
 And they, they found this book in the garden.
 They picked it up.
 They thought, oh, I've never seen that before.
 They checked against the 28 million specimens
 they have in the Natural History Museum.
 And it didn't fit any of them.
 That's fantastic.
 How long does it take to check against 20 million
 of these specimens?
 God, that poor work experience, boy.
 He thought I'm going to have a nice easy week
 at the Natural History Museum to Frank.
 Could you just, yeah, there was a woman who did the same thing
 in Britain somewhere, checking her garden,
 and she found some like 27 species of wasp.
 It's newmon.
 Yeah, Ickneymon wasp. Yeah, yeah. They're the ones who parasitized eggs, don't they?
 Yeah, I have a fun fact about them, which is that when Alfred Kinsey
 had the great sex researcher, no, it wasn't Ickneymon.
 It was a, it was gall wasp, he was an expert on,
 but he traveled the length and breadth of the USA,
 finding these, categorizing them, because he was a maniac collector.
 He wanted to have the biggest collection of everything in the world,
 parcel them up, label them, and then send them back to the university,
 and a lot of them hatched on the way.
 And so the people were constantly opening packages of live crawling wasp.
 You know, love Alfred. I love that, the Alfred Kinsey,
 that he got into sexology a bit later on in his career, and his wife said,
 "I don't see much of Alfred since he got interested in sex."
 What about the other thing that they found in York,
 which was the coprolite, the Viking Poe?
 Do you remember that one? Oh, we could talk, you know?
 Did they find that under a Viking museum?
 A Viking Poe museum.
 No, it was in the Lloyd's Bank when they were excavating, to sell us that.
 Maybe that had been deposited with the bank for safekeeping.
 Quite, yeah. I don't think they let you deposit things like that in the bank.
 The discoverer of the Poe, Andrew Bohm's Jones, commented,
 "This is the most exciting piece of experiment I've ever seen.
 In its own way, it's as valuable as a crown jewels."
 Andrew Bohm's turned to that man with no sense of priority whatsoever.
 I was looking up Viking names, and I found...
 Because they have the by names, you know, that Harold Bluetooth.
 Well, Bluetooth is where we get the Bluetooth from mobile phones from, isn't it?
 We get, it's named after him, I think.
 Harold Bluetooth, yeah. Seriously?
 No. Why are we going completely off memory here?
 It might have been that it was Nokia who did it, and they...
 I'll say it's a leading company. Yeah.
 Nokia used to make guest masks.
 In fact, they supplied them to the Finnish army until about 1995.
 I was at a comedy show the other night, and the host was asking,
 "So, where do you work?" And the guy said, "Oh, I work at Nestle."
 And then he said, "Okay, but which video are you working?"
 He said, "I work in the cat food division of Nestle."
 Nobody in the audience knew that Nestle had a cat food division.
 He obviously didn't say the cat food bit of the sag,
 because he wants them to think he works in a chocolate company.
 He says that, so they all think he's Willy Wonka.
 And then when they've done a bit further, it's like,
 "Oh, cat food, Willy Wonka, not so good."
 There's a kind of thing about pet food.
 Most of the work over the years for the companies that sell a lot of dog food,
 most of the research work was to come up with a dog food that would produce reliable
 output from the dog, because that's what matters.
 A libel output?
 People, believe solids, are nicer than liquids.
 Oh, yeah.
 There was a dog poo lottery in Taiwan,
 where to get a ticket for the lottery,
 you had to turn up with a bag of dog poo.
 About 2,000 people turned up. It was a runaway success.
 And so she was cleaning her day, and then someone won...
 I don't know what the price was, maybe about £1,000.
 But 1,000 bags of dog poo.
 Lovely!
 I'm your dog.
 I really like that Taiwanese city officials eventually have to say,
 like, release a statement, saying,
 "The city simply cannot afford to keep exchanging dog poo for gold."
 She was like strong economic reasoning, then.
 Yeah, absolutely.
 Well, Andrew Boan's drones would disagree, of course.
 He'd exchange the Lloyd to bank copper life for the crown jewels, but...
 So the next fact is for me, and it is this one.
 The tobacco hornworm uses extremely bad halitosis
 to prevent heredifices from eating it.
 Oh, I love the tobacco hornworm.
 So I found this in the Smithsonian magazine,
 because I was trying to...
 I was doing a lungs research for the L.C.
 It was my sort of got distracted and started reading about breath,
 and bad breath.
 And this is an animal which has such bad breath
 that other predators think it's actively poisonous.
 They have actually filmed tobacco hornworm
 and one of these spiders coming towards it.
 I somehow researched this disabled this gene,
 so that it couldn't give off the tobaccoy smell,
 and this spider just came towards it and went to eat it.
 I like the thing about animals using different ways for defence.
 Like, the hagfish, you remember that guy that we did?
 They created an inordinate amount of slime,
 and that's supposed to be a way of getting rid of predators.
 If you pick up a hagfish, it will slide all over you,
 and then it basically falls out of your hands, and it's disgusting.
 The worst thing about it is that there is a danger
 that the hagfish will suffocate in its own slide, so that'd be...
 Oh wow!
 The Texas horned lizard shoots blood out of its eyes to get rid of predators,
 and there's a crazy video which we can post out.
 It can squirt blood five feet,
 and the blood has got a final tasting chemical in it as well,
 so...
 Yeah, another thing Texans are proud of.
 And it can release a third of its blood supply doing this,
 so it's kind of a quite exhausting thing for it to do,
 so it only does it in history.
 So it actually is blood?
 Yeah, out of its eyes.
 Blood for one animal is almost always food for some other animals,
 so maybe it's food source and it's distracting everything.
 Oh, it can't well be.
 The predators just go straight for the blood, yeah.
 Turkey Vultures do the same thing,
 which is where they, if they're very full after a meal,
 and they're approached by a predator,
 they throw up on the ground,
 saying, "Okay, well, rather than eating meat,
 you can just have everything have just eaten."
 And the bird flies away.
 There's a bird called the Eurasian Roller,
 and the chicks vomit over themselves to scare people away.
 I do that.
 If you're on the train,
 and you need the seats next to you to be clear,
 vomit over yourself,
 or you could do what a potato beetle does
 and cubby yourself in your own experiment.
 Wow, it's amazing.
 Wow, yeah.
 Mark, do you know this paper
 called "Farting as a Defense Against Unspeakable Dread?"
 I do.
 It's like the author was given an ignovel price.
 Oh, for that.
 Her name is Mara Siddoli.
 I never met her, but we corresponded.
 She was Italian.
 She lived in Washington, D.C.
 She was really pleased
 to be getting recognition for this paper.
 This was a case report about a very small boy,
 maybe four years old.
 Whenever this boy became very distressed,
 he would begin farting.
 She was a good writer at Mara Siddoli.
 It was Dr. Siddoli.
 And she describes exactly what this little kid was doing
 and the effect on the room
 and how she spent weeks and months talking with him
 and trying to calm him down so he no longer did this.
 And she was successful.
 Is it to drive people away?
 That's what she felt.
 It says that he enveloped himself in a protective cloud
 of familiarity against the drug.
 Familiarity.
 Yeah, I've never had a call that before.
 Sorry, darling, there's a bit of familiarity in the room.
 The details of it read in passages
 like a battle, a very personal battle
 between she, the older woman psychiatrist
 and he, the child, where she would say something
 and then he would respond with a cloud of fart.
 But eventually, eventually, they came to an understanding.
 She was like, I'll leave and you can just come home.
 I was lazy.
 Mark, do you find that those are the most interesting papers
 to you personally?
 I have many favourites.
 What makes something pleasing to me is something
 that I never expected.
 That's really the quality.
 One of the ones which really sticks in my head
 is exiting a building and then formal look.
 Which we drink as yeah.
 Which is about whether people given the choice
 of an open door and a closed one,
 how many of them gravitate towards the open door,
 how many stubbornly stay on their path
 and open the closed door instead?
 I just thought it was a must.
 He went to the doorway of a large building in New York City
 and he stayed there for hours, simply taking notes.
 I believe it was a couple years later,
 he repeated the experiment to see what had changed.
 He tended to do this.
 He got obsessions.
 He would write reports to amuse himself.
 He wasn't trying to convince anybody
 that these things were important.
 He did this really to remove his frustrations.
 If something annoyed him,
 he saw something in his daily life
 that annoyed him, that kept happening.
 At some point, he would decide to be amused by it
 and he would go with a piece of paper and a pen
 and sit there for several hours and count.
 Simply count.
 How many people do this annoying thing and how many don't?
 I had a few hours free in Ueno station in Tokyo at the end of last year
 and I decided to count how many people were wearing
 medical masks because in Japan,
 if you have cold or a cough,
 it's considered polite to wear one of the masks.
 Especially if you're a hangfish.
 And the answer was really annoying
 because it was a perfectly neat number.
 So it was 110 people out of 1,100 people.
 Are you counting 1,000 people?
 I was very close.
 I had about an hour and a half and I just decided
 everyone who passes a particular point.
 Professor Trinkus is now in his 80s.
 He's slowing down.
 He's publishing at a far slower rate.
 Well, if he wants to success,
 I will go and count things.
 That's the way.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Just could become the new Trinkus.
 I think it's two.
 OK, let's go back to bad breath.
 I have found this.
 It's quite weird.
 Welsh law in medieval law was quite unusual
 in that it was not too difficult for wives
 to divorce their husbands.
 Usually that's quite a difficult thing in most laws.
 Usually if you got divorced as a woman,
 you would struggle to get your fair share of
 whatever was in the marriage, the money,
 and the property, and whatever.
 But there are a few different reasons that you could get
 the money that you were owed.
 Neglect, leprosy, or bad breath.
 [LAUGHTER]
 If it's a family where the wife prepares the food,
 she just puts garlic in and has been food.
 They have garlic in those days and miles
 because you found out that thing, didn't you understand?
 Yes.
 I mean, the process of trying to find out
 exactly when garlic and leeks got to oils.
 This has caused a little bit of controversy
 in the QI offices.
 OK, I'll get it.
 We've covered bad breath on the show.
 We did about how it was mostly invented by history.
 Because history was originally sold
 as a surgical antiseptic.
 And then it was just changed to be marketed as a mouthwash.
 I think it might have been used to clean floors,
 but in the risk of a lawsuit, I'm going to say,
 maybe, that one.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, Anna, do you have something for us?
 History was definitely sold as floor cleaner
 before the 1920s when it realized it was a mouthwash.
 I think you can say that universities
 have released publications that say that.
 It was also sold as a cure for gonorrhea.
 Or chapped lips.
 Neither of these things was known since we're very successful.
 A floor cleaner thing would maybe tie in with the five-second rule.
 The idea that if you drop food on the floor,
 and it's there for less than five seconds, it's safe to eat.
 There was a paper that just came out.
 And it confirmed what an American high school girl had done
 a decade earlier that we gave an ignoble promise to.
 It depends on the floor and the food.
 If the floor is clean and it's not sticky,
 probably no problem.
 If it's sticky food and the floor hasn't been cleaned for a while,
 if there's been coprolized on it.
 So that kind of thing.
 No listerine around.
 Yeah.
 And it's custard.
 Yeah.
 You're not going to want to think you're not going to think you're not.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 Let's move to fact number four now, which this week comes from James.
 OK.
 My fact is, you could have fallen asleep up to five times
 during this podcast and not known about it.
 Um, that's it.
 What could that be?
 OK, I've been reading a book this week by Richard Liesman.
 It's just come out.
 It's called Night School.
 I'm currently 30% of the way through, according to my kindle app.
 And he was talking about these things called micro-sleeps.
 And these are temporary episodes of sleep,
 which may last from fraction of a second or up to 30 seconds,
 where you would fail to respond to some arbitrary sensory input.
 And it's like being asleep for a very short amount of time.
 And he talks about this experiment.
 It was a reporter called Ron Claibon from ABC,
 who stayed awake for 32 hours.
 They connected him to a device that measured his brain activity
 and set him driving on a track for two hours.
 Oh, god.
 And when they looked at his brain activity,
 according to their study, they found that he'd
 taken more than 20 micro-sleeps during his drive.
 Oh, wow.
 Yeah.
 Does this go on all day long?
 Even normal times, or is it, only during times
 of great sleep deprivation?
 Yeah, it happens mostly with sleep deprivation.
 There was a programme on Channel 4 called--
 I think it was called Shattered several years ago.
 And it was a reality show where the premise was,
 you have to stay awake for 10 days.
 Oh, I know.
 And you could be evicted for having a micro-sleep.
 But I think the limit they put on there was 10 seconds
 of being asleep.
 What do they monitor their brains?
 But the science of this is really, like,
 it's difficult to work out, isn't it, Mark?
 There's lots of science.
 There are lots of branches of science.
 There are lots of fields, and some of them are much ifier than others,
 simply because it's really difficult
 to measure this stuff reliably.
 Try to figure out your own sleep, anything
 about your own patterns of sleep.
 It's very, very difficult.
 If you're going to measure something,
 what exactly do you measure?
 You can talk about it, and it sounds great.
 But when you actually have to sit down and do it,
 what exactly are you measuring?
 Even with these micro things, everything about sleep
 is like that.
 So there are a bunch of sleep researchers
 around the world, and they work very hard.
 But it's hard for them to be sure that almost anything
 that they're telling people really is reliably
 the story of sleep.
 At this point, it's all good stories
 with a little bit of data.
 But when you get down to something like claiming
 that, well, people dream 30% of the night.
 How do you really know?
 I think people can dream outside REM sleep,
 which was thought previously to be the benchmark
 for when you were dreaming.
 And so we don't know that either.
 So all this stuff is real.
 This is very, very-- the people who do it are trying to measure
 things that are really difficult to measure.
 So they're trying to do something really commendable.
 Yeah, just going back to your thing about Shattered.
 And there was a guy in America called--
 he was a DJ called Trip.
 I can't remember his first name.
 And in 1959, he tried to stay awake for eight days,
 I think it was, and do his radio show,
 and see how it would affect him.
 And after about four or five days,
 he started seeing mice running around the studio,
 which weren't there.
 He would see spiders coming out of his shoes,
 and he thought his desk was on fire.
 And when a doctor came to look after him,
 he thought he was an undertaker coming
 to take him away and bury him on the side down on the horse.
 But there was another guy.
 There was a student called Randy Gardner.
 And this was a few years later in 1964.
 He tried to set a new world record for staying awake.
 And he did it for a few days, a few days, a few days.
 And by the end, he was also hallucinating.
 He thought he was a black American football player.
 He was white, but he thought he was a black American football player.
 And when his friends started saying,
 "No, you're not a black American football player."
 He started calling them racists.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's amazing.
 The British Department of Transport
 says that 20% of accidents on motorways
 are sleep-related.
 It's on browser's, three-mile island, Chernobyl.
 All of them had people who were quite sleep deprived
 at the controls.
 I think it's a suspect that it's not a coincidence.
 Yeah.
 I have a fact to drag it completely down market.
 Inputants can be measured by--
 it's quite tricky, because sometimes it's psychological
 and sometimes it's physical.
 So one method of testing is to test whether people
 get directions as they sleep.
 And in the 20th century, one method of testing this
 was to seal a perforated strip of postage stamps
 around the penis at the base and see if the stamp
 tore during the night.
 That's a good idea.
 It's a brilliant idea.
 It's low-cost science.
 If you're turned on by the queen's face, that's gone.
 [LAUGHTER]
 This is a weird thing.
 This is a paper called "Dreaming and Sexuality."
 It's quite an old one, 1966 by a guy called Fisher,
 or a woman called Fisher, I'm not sure.
 They found that erections happen when you're dreaming,
 even in the most mundane of dreams.
 It doesn't have to be a sexual dream for you
 to get an erection.
 Just do me about your mum doing the washing habit.
 Or the queen, I don't know.
 But yeah, I mean, I'm not sure what their methodology was,
 but that was their findings.
 Amazing.
 Mark, you really like-- I know you like her patents, don't you?
 I do.
 I found this--
 Not but you should everyone.
 No, no, but they're the amazing ones.
 I found them a patent for inducing sleep from 1885.
 This was by Fanny Paul.
 It was pretty simple.
 It basically, it was a piece of water or leather.
 What did it around your neck?
 It would stop the blood flow to the brain,
 and it would make you sleep.
 And it said, "It thereby reduces the activity of the brain
 in order that sleep may ensue."
 Oh god.
 And you were just ticin' it, ticin' it until you fell asleep.
 Oh, I'd love to see details in there, James.
 Yeah, I'll send it on.
 Anna, do you have anything on sleep for us?
 Not a whole lot from that section.
 I'd like to let you guys come to the door.
 And I can tell you that in that programme,
 I've shattered that I also remember.
 And it seems like it wouldn't be allowed to be put on now.
 They all had various amusing hallucinations.
 One of the runners-up believed to be a prime minister
 of Australia.
 The winner thought she was in a tube station the whole time,
 but two of them became convinced that their clothes
 have been stolen, which I think is kind of interesting.
 But two people have the same delusion and all hallucinations.
 OK, that's our podcast done for another week.
 Thanks very much for listening.
 We hope you've enjoyed it.
 If you want to get in touch with any of us,
 you can do so on Twitter.
 James is at egg-shaped.
 Mark is at Mark Abrahams.
 Molly is at Molly Oldfield.
 Anna is on the very brink of joining Twitter,
 but in the meantime, you can get through to her
 on @quikipedia, which is the official QI account.
 And I'm @andruhunterm.
 Also, if you go to our website, which is qi.com/podcast,
 we're going to be putting up a whole lot of extra stuff,
 extra links, articles, videos, all kinds of things.
 And you'll also be able to see the details of Mark's book,
 which has just been published.
 And it's called This Is Improbable 2.
 We'll be back next week with another podcast.
 And until then, bye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
