 Hi everyone. Before we start we have some really really exciting news. We are
 going to do the Edinburgh Festival. We'll be doing the 26th to the 30th of August
 and it's going to be a real real great laugh and we really hope that you come
 along and watch us. If you want to get details go to qi.com/fishevents and
 that'll take you everywhere you need to go to get the tickets. On with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish a weekly podcast
 coming to you from the qi offices in Covern Garden. My name is Dan
 Triver. I'm sitting here with Anichesensky Andy Murray and James Harkin.
 Once again we have gathered around the microphone with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days and in no particular order here we go. Starting with
 you Chazinski. My fact is that instead of being one of the founders of the USA
 Benjamin Franklin almost stayed in Britain to found a swimming school on the
 Thames. This was his big idea in his early 20s so he lived in London. He was
 working for a printer as the printer's apprentice and he liked to swim and
 he nobleman used to queue up along the size of the Thames and be like what
 is this guy doing? He's swimming. Which bit of the Thames is this sort of London.
 So he used to swim from black fries to Chelsea which was three miles I think
 or roughly three miles so that bit of the Thames. How long was he here for? He came
 back and forth I think so he was here initially for a few years and then he
 considered selling up a swimming school because he was teaching all these
 nobleman's kids to swim and he asked a friend for advice as to whether he
 should and this friend said I don't think that's a regular idea why didn't you
 come and work for me in America again so he left Britain in about 1726 I think.
 He also one of his lesser spoken about inventions is that he invented
 basically flippers for the hands. This is how much he loves swimming. He invented
 hand flippers for while you were swimming. And I think he was a child in fact when
 he did that wasn't he? He was about 11. Yeah. Another crazy invention of his
 which I just love his lesser ones. Basically he invented a method for getting a
 book down from a bookshelf. It was way too high. He invented what's called the
 book arm and it was basically an extended stick that you would reach up and
 grip on to books and take them down off the shelf. Have you heard his pseudonyms?
 Because he had a load of pseudonyms. He had female ones didn't he? Yes he did so
 he when he was a boy he wanted to write in his brother's newspaper and his
 brother didn't let him. So he wrote in the guise of a middle-aged widow. Silence
 do good. That was the widow's name. The later one was Polly Baker who was a
 fictional woman who had had children out of wedlock and being punished for it.
 And there was Alice Adetung who was another widow. Celia Shortface, Martha Careful
 and Miss Busy Body. He also the one of the women you mentioned and I can't remember
 which one, maybe the first one. I hope it's Celia Shortface. It's not Celia Shortface
 was he created her quite ahead of his time in order to show the one you had
 religious met children and stuff. Oh Polly Baker. Yeah Polly Baker was
 created to comment on society's prejudice towards women in their attitudes
 women who'd been mistreated. Amazing before we think it. I think you have more
 female pseudonyms than male ones. I've certainly found a lot more female ones. I don't
 like Polly Baker because it's not like a funny one like the others is it? That's a
 typical man's response. Polly Baker would have been all over that. When it was hot
 he said you should you should sleep in two beds. What at the same time? He said
 you should sleep in one until you're uncomfortable and you just go to the other
 one. He obviously not discovered the pillow over to get the cold side. No it's been
 attributed to him but I don't think he invented it. He should have invented a
 claw to turn it out. But he also said it's okay if you just have a very large bed
 you can just get up and go to a different bit of the bed. I don't know sorry I
 don't see why you don't have a large bed you don't have to get up and go to another
 part of the bed. How large a bed? Really large. You're going to get a taxi to
 the other part. You get up you pack a snack and a few toiletries and head off. Top left corner
 please. But he also invented, this isn't really an invention. He invented a device
 by which he could unlock and lock his bedroom door from his bed without having to
 get up. Really? So maybe that was also a cruelling device.
 It's an invention one of those as well. Did he? Well they're probably having a big fight
 up in heaven right now. Of a right. Of a property? Yes. To the incredibly successful
 invention that they both come up with that everyone can't do without these days. Do you
 know until the 1930s there were water slides along the Thames? Floating baths, temporary
 lidoes, pontoons and water slides all the way along the Thames because people used to
 swim in it so much. Oh my god. That's amazing. And now it's illegal. So the first of a swimming
 book was written in 1539 by a German guy called Nicolaus Weinmann or Vinmann and it recommended
 various different swimming aids of buoyancy which included belts made of cork which they used
 of in life preserve us for centuries, bundles of reeds and my favourite air filled cow
 bladders. Oh that's good. Nice. Yeah. They had, I think people used pigs bladders in England
 in the 16th century for it. The first guy to swimming in Britain, it was written in response
 to that because it was thought that that didn't really tell you how to swim in more just
 described swimming. I mean all I've got is how to float from it. So I have a whole thing
 that isn't Latin but if you don't have bovine bladders then you're you're bugged. So this guy,
 the first guy to swim was written by a guy called Everard Digby in 1587. He is not to be confused
 with Everard Digby who was involved in the gunpowder plot or in fact the father of Everard Digby
 of the gunpowder plot who's also called Everard Digby but also don't confuse this guy who
 wrote the swimming book with the guy who replaced him as a clergyman who was also called Everard Digby.
 Wait, one of the gunpowder plot was wrote a swimming guide. No, that's why I said don't confuse
 him. I have to be ready. There was one thing they asked you to do and you just, I sort of didn't
 hear the bit where she said don't and I just had confused him with. Was Everard Digby just like
 the John Smith of its day? I think he must have been. What a great world to live in. Everyone's
 called Everard Digby. I'm really Tom Dick and Everard Digby has been coming in here. Can I just say
 the first person to get a call back to Everard Digby? So Everard Digby, the swimmer, he was a
 clergyman who wrote a guide to swimming and why he comes out most strongly as I think BBC history
 is reporting on this is in exhibitionist swimming so he describes what you should do. Is that like
 synchronized swimming? Well, yeah, I think he's sort of like the grandfather of synchronized swimming
 really because he explains how you can look good in the water. So he advises, think to do well
 swimming. He showed you how to sit on the water while keeping a float, carry things in both hands
 across the water, swimming holding one foot with one hand, useful, he says, useful if you happen
 to get cramp. So before you ridicule, that's great. Swimming while dancing with both legs in the air.
 Also maybe he's with a cramp and this is the best one. He also explains how to swim while
 cutting your toenails in the water by lying on your back, bringing your knee up to your chest and
 using a knife. So using a knife to cut your toenails in the water while floating on your back.
 That's really cool. Yeah, it sounds great. I was reading about strokes because breast stroke
 seems to be the oldest stroke that we know about. There's in fact cave paintings in Egypt where they
 show people doing breast stroke. Really? No, not how do you know. How do they know that it's
 breast stroke? I guess it just looks like it. The motion looks like it. But there's no motion in cave
 paintings. I think they've got one of those peelable books but in stone. So you flip the book,
 you see it moving. You flip the rock. You've got to run really fast when one came to the other.
 And it's very untrue to say there's no flip paintings. Have you seen the documentary by
 Bernard Herzog? Oh, so good. Extraordinary. And did you know about this? It's called Cave of
 Forgotten Tree. Yeah, haven't seen it yet. They have there's one drawing of a horse. They would
 draw horses and they would draw them with like five legs in motion. And you kind of think why they
 doing that? Why does it look like that? And they realized that if you had a fire inside this cave
 and you were looking at it, the flames would create the motion. Like a flicker. Exactly. So it would
 give it like flip book kind of artistic running horse on the inside of a cave. So anyway, breast stroke
 really old thing. This is a story that I read which I really like. 1844, breast stroke was the big
 stroke for swimming in England. Two guys came over. Native Americans had a race and they used
 front crawl. Yeah. Totally whipped ass like they just killed this race right. But no one liked it
 because they thought it looked un-European. This is how British, British people are. They did not
 take on that stroke until 1873. That was in 1844 that that happened. So what was the generation?
 Yeah, a whole new thousands of hours wasted. Get this. In the 1900 Olympics, there was a 200 metre
 obstacle swimming course. You were able to swim with the current because it was in moving water,
 but you had to make it past three obstacles. You had to climb over two of them. One was a pole
 and one was a row of boats and then you had to swim under the other one which was another row of
 boats. That sounds great. Why have we not kept this? Yeah, that sounds amazing. Yeah. I've got another
 Olympic one that I just want to flag up. 1896 summer Olympics. Athens. Athens. These were all of the
 sporting events for swimming. Okay. 100 metre freestyle. Yeah. 500 metre freestyle. Yeah.
 1200 metre freestyle. Yeah. Sailors. 100 metre freestyle. In which only sailors from Greece
 who happen to be sailors who could enter the competition. Which country won gold? Yep. So
 Greece won gold silver bronze. Well done. And no one lost because only three people entered the race.
 We were talking about races and stuff like that in swimming. In 1791, three men swam from Westminster
 bridge to London bridge for an eight guinea wager. The winner was carried to a pub to celebrate
 where he drank so much gin he expired. Presumably the the the other two just split the four guinea's
 each. I think second place would get it though. Yeah. The people used to swim loads in the
 Thames didn't they? Yeah. I read that in 1880 there was a man dog race in the Thames and the dog one.
 Really? So I think Windsor baths were these to have little bits of the Thames as James said at
 the side. I think like Lido's set apart so you could swim in them and they had to move Windsor baths
 in 1870 because it allowed Queen Victoria a view of the naked men. No. It was inappropriate.
 Oh what? They moved it so that she couldn't see it. Sorry. No, the way you said it. It's like
 in the Olympics how they moved the end of the marathon. So that the Queen could see the end.
 The end of the race. The Victoria is like I really would like to see this thing. I rather
 than have a good Queen Victoria the hidden pervert. Did you guys see the giant swastika that's been
 spotted in a swimming pool? So there was a helicopter on a kidnapping mission to
 imagine when you're you're doing a kidnapping mission but you like but we have to tell someone
 about this pool. I'm so torn like I've got this letter from someone saying they've taken my child
 and also apparently there's a sticker. Police said the unnamed homeowner would not be charged
 as the swastika is on private land and was not on display to promote Nazism was you'd do wonder
 why it was on display in just a Hindu side of peace which those clumsy, clumsy tylers put
 in the wrong way around. If I wasn't a Hindu and so peaceful I'd be furious.
 Okay time for fact number two. That's my fact. My fact this week is that sumo wrestling referees
 carry a knife on them so that in the event that they make a bad decision during a match they can kill
 themselves. How often does that happen? It hasn't actually happened traditionally the idea is that
 they always made brilliant decisions or they thought actually it was bad but it wasn't that bad.
 Sumo wrestler referees is it's a very high ranking they actually have rankings you become the sort
 of the head of sumo wrestling referees they are the ones who carry the knife traditionally the idea
 was that they would kill themselves because it was such an honor to be that high if they do bank
 a bad decision these days they'll hand in their papers and say I'm retiring. So it's seen as yeah
 but the knife is out to remind them that you should kill yourself. So if like the best football referee
 like Howard Webb or someone would carry it but all the others wouldn't. Yes exactly. I love the idea
 of a player going oh referee the referee thinking you're going no you're right you're
 so the reason I found this fact is Anna and I were having a drink with her friend Meg. Meg was
 telling us that sumo wrestlers are incredibly flexible and they can all do the splits. So I went
 home and googled that straight away and they can. If you googled sumo wrestler splits on the internet
 have a field day it's wonderful. I think it's easier because it's the weight of your torso just
 jams. They're incredibly flexible. I assume they have to be athletic because it's it's a
 weird double thing isn't it because they're they're really really heavy but also they're very very
 athletic. Yeah yeah it is extremely hardcore the training isn't in the stables which is what the
 schools that they kind of train in and I think one of the bits of training is you get your tutor
 you have to do the splits and then your tutor forces your chest down onto the ground. Yeah it's
 amazing so Anna's just said stables that's what they call it. It's sumo's have a kind of hog warts
 where you get you go you're like you're like you've been picked as a sumo wrestler and you go and you
 do put on your life. You put on the sorting nappy when you go in. Yeah and they live their lives in
 there they they have to they do they do sit in class wearing nothing except the nappy when you
 see their lessons they're just sitting in a class taking notes from the black board and you just
 got all these huge tockless men. What's it called? It has got a proper name it's an M word I think.
 It's the Mawashi. Mawashi. And if you if your Mawashi comes off during a fight then you have to
 fall for the fight. There wasn't thing because obviously people think that it's a bit strange if they
 haven't seen sumo before that they're wearing what look like nappies. Yeah. So there was a few years
 ago they the a few years ago the Japanese amateur sumo association announced this plan to let young
 players compete in shorts and because normally you're any fight wearing the Mawashi and it was
 thought it would get more young people involved in it because they have a problem with this. So is it
 shorts as well as them? No it's just shorts. There was a lot there was like you don't have anything to
 grab on to. Surely that's an issue like because they kind of grab on to those. Yeah. So anyway it didn't
 happen because the professional body said over our dead body that nobody in shorts would be allowed
 into youth tournaments so it just completely died a death the idea. It's incredible the respect that
 they have for all of the traditions including that and even the audience there are no heckles
 whatsoever and this goes back to the referee thing if the referee makes a call regardless of what an
 audience member thinks and regardless what the sumo wrestler thinks they just accept it. There's no
 yelling there's no contending it's okay he called it that's his job it must be right. That's good. Yeah
 it's a total respect and you have to be a good loser don't you and yeah never betray this
 satisfaction with the result. Yeah it's like it's sort of like the polar opposite of a football match
 basically really the crowd is singing the referee's an excellent half a turn. Yeah well he's got a knife
 the most popular referee in the 19th century was called um ever-odd digby.
 Damn it. Come on I held that up for you. The most prominent referee in the 19th century was called
 Seagar Bastard and so that's why referees are nasty. I think you know there was a suggestion of that
 but that actually came about about 60 years after he died but yeah and he became know he was so
 good he became known as Knight of the Whistle so I like to think they made a call Tim Sir Bastard
 after that. The Knight of the Whistle. Yeah. Do you want to hear something about the UK sumo scene?
 This is from the UK Sumo website and it's it's also sad um at present the sport of sumo in the
 UK has a very limited following. Regressively behind Dover's Whitecliffs there are no known
 organizations or individuals with any recent training experience at any Japanese sumo clubs or
 establishments although one Englishman did once join the sport in Japan. The UK is something of a
 sumo desert. Oh that's sad. It is sad but it's not true for everyone because loads of top sumo
 wrestlers at Eastern European. Yeah the Czech Republic is quite popular there as well. It's amazing
 yeah and um of the Yorkazooners which is a top kind of thing um there's not any Japanese ones at the
 moment I think they're all Mongolian. Wow really. Yeah I think the last something like the last 36
 competitions have all been won by young Japanese people mainly in Mongolia. This is like the England
 cricket team isn't it? We invent it everyone else beats us at it. Actually it is like that because if
 you look it up it's exactly the articles are exactly like English people writing about cricket.
 Articles are like what has happened to Japanese sumo wrestling we're being thrashed by foreigners
 and it's a real problem I think and it's because it's really unpopular now amongst the youth isn't it
 so the average age of like a sumo audience is over 60 and yeah so not a lot of young because young
 people start to fall in country the UK we're we're never going to get cricket back or football back
 we should maybe go into sumo. And the standard sumo diet is 10,000 calories a day I think in their
 schools and they get force fed in thousand calories a day. Yeah it's a lot isn't it it's a good amount
 that's a lot a blue whale can eat a million calories in one mouthful so that is what how many more
 it's a thousand times that is it? It's not a competition between sumo wrestlers and blue whales a hundred
 hundred times that so a hundred sumo wrestlers equals one blue whale. Wow. We do miss a day in a
 mouthful. One blue whale mouthful. So a blue whale could eat a hundred sumo wrestlers in one mouthful
 that's not quite what I say. And they do they all do that's why the sport is unpopular in Japan at
 the moment. It's very hard to get people to sign up because they know. That's why the Japanese go
 after the whales. It's revenge. So ex sumo wrestlers. Yeah again as with you know we have footballers
 over here who go into weird and wacky things after they leave football. Oh yeah. One of the most famous
 ones Konnishiki Yasukuchi became a hip-hop artist and hosted a children's TV show. One of my favorites
 Yasuyuki Hirose. I got this on an article about ex sumo wrestlers from the Guardian. He can drink a
 two litre bottle of orange phanta in ten seconds. That's his trick. He's also in a comedy group and
 I quote directly his obesity related difficulties are often the topic of the group's jokes.
 I think an alternative comedy revolution might be required.
 Yeah. Ten seconds. Two litres of orange phanta. I can't drink two litres in a day.
 I think I could drink two litres of water in that much time but orange phanta is pretty fizzy.
 Two leases. How many pints is that? It's about four isn't it? I know I can't do that. I was drunk.
 I think I had to drink four pints for a bet in ten minutes and I did that and I was violently sick.
 I was working as a waiter. Excuse me. We asked some water ages ago. It hasn't arrived.
 I could throw it off in the corner. Speaking of so they're overweight. As I think you mentioned,
 they have to eat a lot and I was looking at overweight people in other sports and in the 1952
 Olympics there was no weight restriction on the bobslay and there was no weight restriction
 and only the German team I think it was realized that the way to go fast in bobslay is obviously
 to put really heavy people on and so the average weight of a German bobslay entry in the 1952
 Olympics was £260 which is almost 20 stone isn't it? I reckon they learned a lesson from that
 Olympics and weight restriction is everywhere now. What was shame? So on referees? Oh yeah. I did not
 know because I know nothing of sport that one man invented yellow cards and he was called Ken
 Aston and he was a really tough referee. He was really good. He was involved in football. He was a
 football referee. I was British and he was I think if it was in around the 50s or 60s but he just
 seen an England Argentine match which was so rough that afterwards the Argentinian team tried to
 break into the English dressing room. That's how bad it got. Wow. And one Argentinian player had been
 pleading with the ref and it's just being very passionate about saying that was not a foul,
 that wasn't offside whatever it was and he got sent off for violence of the tongue was the phrase
 that was used and as Ken Aston was driving home he thought there must be a way of punishing someone
 without just sending them off because there must be an intermediate stage and he said as I drove
 down Kensington High Street the traffic light turned red I thought yellow take it easy red stop you're
 off. So it's based on traffic lights. Yeah which is I mean it's what you deserve. Should be an
 amber card. That's why I'm going to call it from that one. Oh god you're going to be even less
 popular football matches. That was never an amber. On his ideas list was there carrier dagger in
 order to commit suicide anywhere this is that feature in his brain storm. I once went to a party
 where the host of the party employed the yellow card red card system. Yeah the idea was if you got
 too drunk too rowdy you'd get a yellow card if you then repeated an offense you'd get a red card.
 What happened when you got a record you had to go home. Yeah I had to go home. I got red carded.
 I'm qualified. I'm a qualified referee do you know. Are you a football referee? Really? Yeah.
 What level of you qualified could you do a premiership match? I did yeah I did a Marcel versus Swansea
 this week but he's not allowed on the pitch anymore because of his new amber card system which is
 met some resistance. James was actually a very successful referee for a long time but he was fired
 after drinking all the halftime water. Four players died at first.
 Okay time for fact number three and that is Harkin. My fact this week is a trailer for the longest
 movie ever made has just been released and it's 72 minutes long. Wow. I like to think that the film
 is just 73 minutes and they had a terrible editor. Is that okay? There's a lot of spoilers in this trailer.
 No sadly the movie is 30 days long. Is it? The guy who's making this film I looked him
 up a bit. He's called Anders Daybergs that right? That's right yeah. And he said it would be an
 abstract non-linear narrative summary of the artist's time spent with the moving image.
 Sounds great. And that it will show how space and time is intertwined into a surreal dream like
 journey beyond places. Are there any action scenes? I don't know if there's a chase.
 Isn't it going to be screen just once? Yeah I think that's the plan yeah although you know due to
 popular demand they roll it out. DVD sales might be huge. You get 10 DVDs in the post.
 It's supposedly it's going to be screen just once on every continent from the 31st of December 2020
 onward so it's not here out for a while. Yeah and then it's going to be destroyed by the audiences.
 Sounds terrible. Has anyone watched the trailer? No. Basically there's not enough time to watch
 a 72 minute trailer. You can imagine going into the cinema to watch another film and this trailer
 comes on and for the first couple of minutes it's really into it. I think by 45 minutes and you're thinking
 God the trailers they go for ages this day. I really like in trailers now they do this they've
 been doing it for a long time actually they show bits of movie that never make it to the final
 movie. Really? Yeah. So many movies though because they'll release a trailer while they're still
 cutting the movie and then a decision will be made when the final movie edit is happening we don't
 need that scene and then they just go that's fine. It doesn't matter that it's in the trailer.
 So like famously a lot of people know this about this particular movie but there's a movie called
 the Transporter or Transporter. Jason Statham. That's right. In the movie they did not include
 a classic scene in the trailer and it is a classic scene in the trailer where a missile is
 launched to Jason Statham and he deflects it using a T-Tray. He just smacks it out of the way
 like not interested. That's amazing. Why was that not put in the final film? Because Jason Statham
 I think said no one's going to believe this and so but it made that they filmed it like he didn't
 point that out before shooting it. He saw it in the script and went that's fantastic. But I continued
 reading. I found this on IMDB. I continued reading just movie trivia for that particular movie. Can I
 give you a couple? Yes please. Okay so one of them is that in the garage scene what was thought to be
 transmission oil was in fact molasses syrup. Jason Statham reported to be a very sticky situation.
 And then underneath the T-Tray knocking the missiles away to facts below it says that Jason Statham
 did most of his own stunts. That's not a great. Weirdly there's an inventor of trailers. Didn't know
 that. Yeah very famously a guy called nils grandland and he made the first trailer and it was for a
 play called the pleasure secrets and it was in 1913. So he wanted people to come to the play so he
 thought he would shoot incidents from the play and they showed it and then they realized that this
 was a fantastic idea so they applied it to movies and he then made the first ever trailer for a movie
 which was for a trolley chaplain movie. Yeah so chaplain had the first ever trailer. Is it right that
 they're called trailers because they used to go after the movie? Yes. They used to trail the movie.
 Exactly. They were trail the movie and get you excited about the next thing you could go and see.
 And then presumably they stopped doing that because people just left. One of the things I find
 weird is that the director who's doing the film you're talking about wayberg is he's only ever done
 short films. So this is what I've extended. I call my next film. I love to mix out that in between
 that. He really is. I have attached all the short films to each other to make a mega film.
 But the run-or-up. So the longest film ever until, well the current longest film ever because
 it's almost released yet. Yeah this one will be in the future. Yeah. It is modern times forever
 and it's finished film. It's 240 hours long and IMTB describes its plotliners. The ever-slow decay
 of Helsinki's store and so headquarters building. So that's what modern times forever is about.
 It sounds really good film. Get a 6.4 on IMTB. It's how the headquarters are going to decay
 over the next few thousand years. I think they projected it onto the building itself didn't they?
 Oh did they? So you could kind of watch it happen as if it's happened. Oh wow. That's harsh as well.
 That's harsh for the building. Well the building didn't mind. You like someone projecting your own
 gruesome death onto you or something. Yeah. As you just hang out in the street. That's true.
 Okay so have you heard of Don Lefontein? No. Okay he is the man that he's dead now unfortunately but
 he was the one who is very famous for doing trailer voices. He's done more than 5000 film trailers
 and his famous catchphrases in a world. Yeah. Because there was a film that satirized that
 wasn't there. Oh yeah yeah with Lake Bell. Yes. In our world. That's so cool. Yeah he was a really
 really amazing guy. His voice cracked at the age of 13 mid-sentence. His final role on television
 was in the Phineas and the Ferb episode, The Chronicles of Meep. And he says the final line he ever
 said which was in a world there. I said it. Happy. Oh really? This is a really cool. This is a thing
 that almost predates. In fact it definitely predates film. It's a kind of early version of a movie.
 It's so fantastic. It was a 19th century showman. His name was John Banvert and he invented this show
 which consisted of 1,320 foot long painting of the Mississippi. It was a mural and it was on two
 spindles like a VHS cassette. So at the start of the show it was all on one spindle and then you
 pull it across to the other spindle and you start winding the other one round and it pulls it across
 like a tape, like a videotape, but it shows this moving panorama of the river and he would do a show
 for about you know for two hours telling stories about what was on the river and his wife played
 music as it went and he was telling you know adventure stories and all the things that were happening.
 Was there stuff on the river like pictures of boats and things? I think so. Yeah yeah exactly.
 I think it wasn't just muddy. I think it wasn't just water for two hours and one thousand feet.
 But isn't that amazing. It was an incredible long panorama and it was basically a very very early
 proto film. When was that? Did you say? That was in the mid-19th century. So you know 50 years before
 Blumia and Maddie. I remember reading about him in a book called Banvert's Folly. Have you heard of
 that? No. Not much more to say about it apart from everyone should read it because it is a brilliant
 book. It's just about famous people from history who are famous at the time but then they've been
 completely forgotten. Oh wow. That sounds awesome. Such a great book. That's really cool. Yeah. Who
 was Ben Fard? He was the guy who was talking about it. I've been talking about him for a minute.
 Have you? Also yeah. How to go. Oh it's not great. Okay so before they had the talkies they had
 the silent films and there was one patent that I found for the idea of getting the dialogue across
 without being able to have the sound. Yep. And that was to have speech bubbles that came out of
 acts as mouths like a party blower. Wow. So if you wanted to say good evening Mr. Shriver then I would
 blow this party bubble and you'd be able to see the words and then it would come back and then you'd
 say oh nice the mutual was dark. That is so I've never heard of that. That's fantastic. That's amazing.
 That would be really cool. They never did it but it was a patent. I love that. In some way in
 some alternative universe that is still how we're doing it. Yeah. That's the only difference
 between this universe and that one. Because it was tried and it was just so good. It's so much fun
 to watch. That's how all news reading is done. Yeah. Because it lightens bad news doesn't it?
 So no one took it seriously. That's true. So what the actors and the actors would have to pause,
 put it out of their pocket, put it in them, make sure they get the right one. And also you'd run out
 of puff very fast. Yeah. After a while you'd be. Yeah. For a for a monologue. Now is the
 winter of our discontent. One of the great silent film directors of the 1920s was this guy called
 Eric von Stroheim. And I really like him because have you guys seen Sunset Boulevard? Yes. You have it.
 So he's yeah me too. So he is the main character in that. He wasn't really an actor but he was a
 director in the silent film generation. Sunset Boulevard is all about the decline of silent films
 about this woman who's you know as big in the silent film age and her downfall and her servant is
 played by this huge director and it always feels really poignant when you watch it because it's
 actually about his decline and his demise. But what I also quite like about Eric von Stroheim is that
 he created the best film ever made apparently in 1924 in 1924. So not many films. But it's called
 Greed and it was another long one. So it was eight hours long and it was only watched by 12 people
 in the end and most of those 12 people yeah because as well as by 12 people and then people decided
 people aren't going to go and see this. So it was edited down by his producers and he was really
 angry about that and they've lost the original eight hour film reel but apparently this is the
 holy grail of like movie reels. This is the greatest film ever made according to those 12 people.
 Wow that's great. So where has it gone like literally no one knows if we knew that then it wouldn't
 be the holy grail. So where is the holy grail? I have a weird sort of this isn't really related but
 it's to do with missing film as well. Which is a holy grail of missing film as well. When Mallory was
 found on Everest because they found his body. The big hope was that they were going to find on him
 his camera. Didn't have his camera on there. Does that prove what he'd been to the top on up?
 The idea is if they made it there they would have just taken a photo that was the hope and they could
 have seen on the camera they might have found there were no photos but the idea is maybe it was he
 didn't have the camera on him which means that Irvin who's the other missing one of the two of Mallory
 and Irvin was up there. He must have the camera on him and Kodak have said because of the way and
 the nature of the height and the coldness that's going on that if that film is still out there it can
 still be developed but only for a few more years. So they're desperately trying to find it because
 it may hold the answer to whether or not they got up there. We've got to get out there. But it's
 an amazing because that's from the 20s like that's built in obsolescence and technology these days
 where they say it'll definitely run out after 90 years. I'm really sick of it. Yeah. If anyone's ever
 been up to the top of Everest and not taking a photo. I bet it's so cold and uncomfortable and you
 got to take your gloves off. I would take a photo of my thumb. That's what I'd do. Oh yes it's my
 thumb at the top of Everest. Thumbs up. Thumbs down. No one is cranked up to me. Yes.
 Tripiviser, two stars. Hillary when he got up there he took a piss. So I'm just saying he got
 something out straight away. Okay. Despite the cold. He didn't take a photo of it.
 Well that was a little trip. Okay time for our final fact of the show and that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact actually this comes from we did a live show in Brussels a while ago and someone from the audience
 volunteered this fact and it was so fantastic that I wrote it in my files and I've only just
 rediscovered it. So this is the fact. It's that in the middle ages lots of churches had statues of
 Jesus which had moving arms so that he could be taken down from the cross and carried around the
 church and there were other statues which had the Virgin Mary with a working belly and you could
 take out a model of the infant Christ. So these were four ceremonies in churches. So things like
 Easter, good Friday you'd have the model of the Christ on the cross and you'd take it down and you
 carry it to a version of his tomb for example. So the arms had to be fold downable so that you could
 move him and carry him and there is an incredible I think it's a book on this it's about 300 pages
 long it's huge it's called animated sculptures of the crucified Christ and it's incredible scholarly
 work which you know it's every single one all across the world there are 126 which exist still
 the vast majority were made between 1419 and 1530 it's as though they became huge and then
 immediately disappeared yeah most of words like Pogs like when Pogs used in Easter to represent
 the crucified Christ yeah. There's that really gruesome statue in Mexico isn't there which is a
 statue of Jesus and he's covered in blood and stuff and it's when he's just been crucified and
 they recently did an x-way of it and they realized that his teeth are real human teeth whoa and we
 don't know why it's really disgusting it like human size Dodgers you have a massive mouth
 what human is he like a tiny dog Jesus. He's life size humanity probably is life size. He's life
 size yeah he's normal human size and he's yeah it's a grotesque statue but why are the human incisors
 in it? I read about that and supposedly it was a custom a few centuries ago to donate body parts
 of yours not for science but for religion. You donate them to the church so you could have like
 a statue of Jesus with lots of different body parts from different people. I don't think that was
 ever done because that's incredibly gruesome although this teeth one is real yeah and it was yeah
 it was 18th century and I think they were donated by people as a way of showing their gratitude to
 Christ. So what other ways could you give your body to? So people would give their own hair and
 that could be used as sort of wigs and things like that. Another statue of the baby Jesus has
 rabbit teeth in it. It's really peculiar. What's it Jesus has got these two buck teeth. What's up
 God. So some of these other ones that were in churches in the Middle Ages some of them are
 movable arms as I say. Some of them had mechanisms to open and close Christ's eyes. Wow yeah and
 some of them were quite detailed and sort of advanced in terms of modeling and puppetry. Just
 and a curiosity is this like an early action man like is that would that have inspired how toys move?
 Well okay it's not as silly as it sounds because early Mary Annette were based on the Virgin Mary.
 Is that why they call Mary Annette? Yes the Mary Annette comes from little Mary because it was a
 model of the Virgin Mary which was used in devotional plays to show to teach children about religion
 basically and some grownups. Yeah so depictions of Jesus. Yeah so early depictions of Jesus is quite
 interesting because in the very early days people were very effe about depicting him as a person
 because it was thought of being idolatrous and that was a no-no. So he was shown as a fifth. He was
 shown as a fish. As a sif. He was shown as a fish because you know Iqthus was the the acronym that
 they used is that right? It was an old way of Catholics talking to each other about fallacies and
 yeah supposedly you draw a fish and that was the sign that you were saying that someone else dotted
 the eye that was the sign they were a christian and then you could talk properly you know. And in some
 depictions of Jesus these are about fifth century AD he has a magic wand. Oh wow. Is that all his
 miracles? No no no it's not. He uses it to turn the water to wine and to raise Lazarus from the
 dead and to create the loaves and the fishes. That's so cool. You know years ago James was telling me
 that there were lost gospels and within those one of them Jesus fights a dragon. Yeah they're called
 the infancy gospels and they're like gospels which were written around the time of today's
 gospels but they were never used in the official Matthew, Matthew, and John kind of thing. There is one
 where he kills dragons another one where he explodes snakes and another one where he kills a boy who
 accidentally brushed against him. Wow. These sound much more exciting. Why weren't these the guys
 that were being published? They were disappointed. They sounded a bit like young Jesus adventures.
 You know you get young Indiana Jones and young James Bond things. Yeah. It sounded a bit like the
 adventures of young fiction. The idea I think is that he does like slightly that with the child
 brushing against him I think the idea is that he started and he was quite angry but then eventually
 turned into a good peaceful person. I think that's the transformation. But you can see why those were not
 sort of turned into proper gospel doctrine. I can see why they left the dragon ones out. Yeah.
 Yeah. The censorship is what that was really wasn't it? I think this is cool speaking of statues.
 The Statue of David, Michelangelo Statue of David, three of the four turtles were involved in
 the making of it. Leonardo Michelangelo, Donatello. Yes. So Raphael wasn't involved. Where was Splinter
 over all of this? It's such a good guy. He was master mining the whole thing. So the Statue of David
 was commissioned about 100 years before it was actually built and Donatello was one on the sort of
 committee that decided to be built and his students had some attempts and they cocked it up. And
 eventually there was a sort of people applied to be the one who got to design the Statue of David
 and Leonardo Da Vinci was considered but rejected and Michelangelo was accepted and he made it in two
 years and everyone agreed it was this masterpiece but I quite enjoy that. That is totally awesome.
 Except Leonardo wasn't like that because there was a committee that had to decide where to put it.
 So at the moment it's outside the huge entrance of the Duomo Cathedral in Florence,
 really prone in place. And the committee decided to put it there but Leonardo Da Vinci was on
 that committee and he suggested that they put it in a little niche on the side of a much less
 well-known building where it would be completely obscured because I'm guessing a little bit of
 professional jealousy. Yeah, it must be right. That's great. I was looking into a statue that I've
 known since childhood which has been a famous one for me. Do you remember when Michael Jackson released
 his history album and he made that there was huge giant statues of himself? Do you remember?
 I don't know but okay yeah yeah. So they made 10 massive statues of Michael Jackson which we
 came to see in them. Yeah it became the cover and it was on the Thames. They floated it through the
 Thames and I mean it was it's anyone except you know. Well I hope they got permission from the
 Port of London Authority. So I was just looking at water slides. I was just looking into it like where
 because there was a huge I think there were like 30 feet high where have they gone and nine of them
 we don't know where they've gone which is really interesting. We do know where one is it's at the best
 McDonald's which is... Is that a personal opinion? No it's actually a town called Best
 that boarded and so they're by town of worst and in between the two second best. So it stands currently
 at McDonald's best parking lot and it's become a big gathering place for Michael Jackson fans and
 actually I've got slightly wrong there are two that are known of that still exist. The other one
 the pedestal that they made to put Michael Jackson on was using all of the statue stones from a very
 famous Stalin monument called the Q from Meet. Do you remember that it was that extraordinary famous
 Stalin monument about... I think it had another one you mean? Yeah it's it's if you if you google Stalin
 monument it's incredibly famous and they use that to make a thing for Michael Jackson stand on.
 Did you guys read about the Ottoman statue taking a selfie? What? There was a statue that was
 recently erected it was in the city of Amacia. Amacia I don't know if I pronounced that anyway it's
 on the black sea and it was a statue of an old Ottoman prince and he's taking a selfie of himself
 with his smartphone and I guess it's supposed to represent the glory of Ottoman princes and also
 meant to be a bit hip and down at the times. It's not that great because people were really angry
 about it and thought that it kind of demeaned the Ottoman. So they within 24 hours of the statue being
 put up they've broken off his smartphone and most of his sword it's been destroyed. There was a thing
 though there was a there was a trend of taking photos because you know how ancient statues often
 stretching out a hand. Yeah there's a trend for taking photos in that position to show what the
 selfie of the statue looks like. Yeah that's a good trend it's a great trend. What's on the people?
 Did you guys read about the 45 foot statue of Pope John Paul that was commissioned by
 this guy called Lezek Leisen and basically he this guy saved the life of his own son who was
 who fell into a lake when they were on holiday in Croatia I think we'll fall into the sea and he
 decided that that was thanks to the Pope and so he commissioned and paid for a 45 foot tool
 fiberglass bright white statue of Pope John Paul II to be erected and he's disgusting.
 Why do you think it was thanks to the Pope? Because I guess it's God and the Pope is the Pope.
 The Pope's the Pope sort of came to him and his hour of need and gave him the courage to save his son.
 Yeah I guess so. I mean I think he should give himself more credit but I like it so another
 issue said yeah but you can imagine the headlines. Local dickhead builds statue of himself
 after saving son from drowning. He should do that more in local papers.
 Okay that's it that's all of our facts thank you so much for listening. If you want to get in contact
 with us about the things that we have said over the course of this podcast you can get us on Twitter.
 I'm on at Shriberland Andy I'm driven to him James art Everard Big B and Shazinski.
 You can email Everard digby@QI.com. We'll be back again next week with another episode we'll see you
 then goodbye.
 you
