 (ringing)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 (electronic music)
 (upbeat music)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week coming to life
 from the Royal Institution in London.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tishinsky,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days
 and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that the first woman
 to be awarded the Nobel Peace Prize
 was Alfred Nobel's housekeeper.
 (audience laughing)
 - Oh wow.
 - A Nipo Prize.
 - Yes.
 - Exactly.
 - Kind of domestic peace that she was keeping
 or making.
 - That peace.
 - She kept him chill.
 - Grand.
 - It wasn't, it was sort of a coincidence.
 This is this amazing woman
 called Bertha von Sutner.
 She won the Nobel Peace Prize in 1905
 as she was a second female Nobel laureate after, of course.
 - Mercury.
 - Yep.
 And it's not that kind of show.
 (audience laughing)
 - I think it is.
 It is now.
 - It is.
 - Yeah.
 - And Bizarre Lee, before she won the Nobel Peace Prize,
 age 30, she had become a governess.
 So she was a very posh Austrian woman
 with no money whatsoever.
 And so she needed to go out and make money.
 She became a governess to the von Sutner daughters.
 And that's quite a spoiler alert because her say name,
 it's obviously the same as their surname.
 But she fell madly in love with the son,
 who was seven years younger than her, scandalous.
 And it was very inappropriate and the family really disproved.
 So she said, "Okay, I'll go away and I'll become a governess."
 And she ended up answering an ad from Alfred Nobel,
 who's looking for someone to fill his lonely life up
 and be his housekeeper.
 And so she went and became his housekeeper for one week.
 - Wow.
 (laughing)
 - Because actually she wasn't married at that time.
 And she went to Nobel's house and then the boyfriend
 wrote to her saying, "I can't be without you."
 And she wrote back saying, "I can't be without you."
 - Well, hopefully that took about a week,
 because after a week she went back
 and then they got married in secret, didn't they?
 - Oh, I was hoping after the two week period.
 She'd be like, "Oh no, I've had two weeks now."
 And actually, I can do without you.
 - That's what's interesting.
 - This was a boy who she'd been governessing.
 - No, she was governessing his sisters, 'cause a boy--
 - How old was he?
 - 'Cause I think that's an important bit of that.
 - They were both the age.
 - He was 23, and they had the most amazing relationship.
 I mean, it really is.
 I actually read her autobiography,
 which is available freely online.
 And they were proper soulmates.
 You know, mad enough, parents said you can't do it.
 Within a week, they were both like, "I'm gonna die."
 He was saying, "I'm gonna commit suicide.
 I need you to be with me."
 And they married.
 And she always says in her autobiography,
 she went through a lot of stuff.
 But throughout it all, I could never be really unhappy
 because I always had him there by my side.
 So, you know, it wasn't like one of the,
 'cause you can imagine everyone was really disapproving
 at the time.
 Everyone was like, "It'll never fucking last."
 Oh, what an idiot.
 And it did.
 - Did you see how her family lost all their money?
 'Cause she was from quite a posh family,
 but they had no money.
 And that was one reason they couldn't get together,
 'cause there was a big social difference.
 Apparently her mother and aunt both thought
 they were clairvoyant.
 And they went gambling and lost all their money.
 - Really? - They were like,
 "Okay, they're saying to put it all on black.
 They're saying to put, "Oh, not again."
 - And that's how they lost it.
 - That's how they lost it.
 - What a spirit gave them the wrong.
 - It seems to be the wrong suggestion of all on red,
 all on red.
 Is that what you mean?
 - Yeah. - Yeah.
 - That is insane.
 - So basically, she stayed in contact with Nobel,
 his entire life.
 But as Joaquin Lee said, nepotism, it wasn't though,
 obviously, because the Nobel prizes didn't exist
 until after Nobel had died.
 So he never would have known that she would later go on.
 - But what piece did she create that got to the price?
 - Well, she had a lot of chats with Nobel.
 And during the chat, she thought,
 you've made a lot of people killing things,
 dynamite, namely.
 And I think that's dangerous.
 And I think that sort of partly inspired her
 to go on and she created two piece organizations,
 one in Germany, one in Austria, I think,
 which were promoting pacifism all over the place.
 She was instrumental in--
 - And how did that work?
 How did that--
 - Well, how'd it go?
 - Happily for her, she died in June 1914, one month.
 - Oh, oh.
 - Oh, she's sleeked that in, didn't she?
 She's very clever.
 - She's gone.
 Let's go!
 - She actually won it for a pacifist,
 but novel that she wrote called Lay Down Your Arms,
 which was incredibly popular.
 She was instrumental in the founding
 of what's now the UN Court of Human Justice.
 So she's very influential.
 She was at the first hate convention,
 which we still have those today.
 She was, I think, the only woman present.
 But yeah, and then, but it didn't,
 she didn't create world peace in the 20th century.
 - Of course.
 - But basically, Nobel started the prize's cause of her, I think,
 because when she became his housekeeper,
 they got on really, really well for that one week.
 And I think Nobel really, really fancied her.
 - I think he was in love with her.
 - Because he'd invented a new rubber-wield coach,
 and he took her around the city in it.
 - Oh, wow.
 - That's pretty cool, isn't it?
 Like, invented a new kind of transport.
 And then when, like you say, the prizes came after his will,
 but I think the suggestion is he expected her
 to get probably the first peace prize.
 - Really?
 - Actually, he'd talk about five years before she got it.
 Well, this is the part of the thing about Nobel's will
 was that he just said in his will, right,
 I'm gonna leave lots and lots and lots of my money.
 And he had hundreds of patents, he'd invented dynamite,
 he'd invented all sorts of things.
 He just said the equivalent in modern day money
 of about 200 million quid should go to the Nobel Prize,
 he just established them.
 And that was chemistry, physics, medicine, and literature.
 Oh, and peace, of course.
 But he didn't give any indication
 of how this was to be administered or set up.
 And what institutions should award the prizes?
 His family were a bit surprised.
 And do you not get any of it?
 I think they got a bit, but they did not get a full whack.
 And it all fell to his secretary,
 25-year-old Ragnar Solomon,
 who had to fight for three years
 to get the will approved, signed off,
 get started establishing the institutions.
 And he did a lot of work.
 He was, at one moment, he was taking Nobel's millions
 through the streets of Paris in a horse-drawn cab.
 And he had to sit on the, whatever it was, the bonds
 or whatever it was in the horse-drawn cab,
 with a revolver in case someone tried to do
 a heist of the Nobel's, basically.
 Yes, very exciting.
 Can I just give you one more fact about birth quickly,
 which I think is sort of a gift to you, Andy,
 because this is right up your street.
 She aged 11.
 Her cousin, El Vera, came to live with her
 and they became best friends.
 She absolutely loved her.
 And they spent all of their time playing puff.
 And you won't have heard of puff
 because they invented this game.
 But it sounds so great.
 So the game starts.
 You decide a place for the action to take place.
 You decide what characters you're both going to be.
 You decide, like, descriptions of the characters,
 a bit of the plot, and then you say, puff.
 And at that point, you have to fall into character
 and you continue acting as those characters.
 For as long as it takes, sometimes it would go on for days.
 One game of puff would go on for days.
 Birth would always be a princess and aress.
 Usually, go birth, and El Vera would always be a...
 Right, sorry.
 And what...
 But it's...
 It's improv.
 It's improv.
 It's not the original improv game.
 No, no, I just thought you found my princess wardrobe
 and I was getting a bit...
 Yeah, so no bells, like, his amount of, like,
 different size.
 There's a lot of different size to him, wasn't it?
 Because he's done the peace prize,
 but he was also a massive arm-stealer.
 Was it arms or what?
 Yeah, he made his millions with arm-stealing.
 To get him off this child a bit, he invented TNT.
 But it was mostly being used in industrial uses
 or in mines and things like that.
 So it wasn't designing it too quickly.
 And also, he came up with ways of making it safer.
 They would always put the factory on the hillside
 so that the natural glycerin would flow down.
 And they wouldn't need mechanical pumps to move it around
 because it might explode.
 OK.
 Well, that's what...
 Yeah, it doesn't.
 His work has always had to sit on stools with one leg
 so that they couldn't fall asleep while they were doing the work.
 That's good.
 I love that because, yeah, because they were looking
 at the reaction vats they were in charge.
 So the idea was, if you fall asleep,
 they're going to be explosion.
 Because this is one of the things with his factories,
 they quite often blew up.
 Like, more than once, I think, like, three times.
 The first time was when they were doing it at home
 and he lost his brother and five other people.
 But, obviously, he was like, but we're trying to make this safe
 so there are going to be mistakes.
 So as James says, there was...
 What a waiter has gone to killing your own brother.
 Yeah.
 Well, these things do happen.
 These things happen. Mum.
 These things happen.
 Were you sitting on a three-legged stool?
 That's your fault, mate.
 So he invented this stool, which is a wonderful idea.
 You fall asleep and you go off.
 That was like with Edison when he used to sleep
 with some silver balls in his hand.
 Because he thought the best ideas were on that little gray area
 between sleep and awake, where you would just have these thoughts.
 And he would fall asleep, drop the balls.
 And whatever thought he was having would be the killer thought
 and he would write it down.
 That's what this was.
 Except you'd blow up if you'd come.
 He also was a poet and a playwright, Nobel.
 What was he?
 He made only one published work.
 It was called Nemesis, and it's a four-axe tragedy
 about incest and murder, which features a drug-induced vision
 of the Virgin Mary, a conversation with Satan
 and ends with a 40-minute torture scene.
 Wow!
 And it's playing at the National Theatre next year.
 Well, in fact, it has been put on once.
 It was put on once in 2005 in Stockholm.
 And the theatre director, Turra Ranstrom,
 said he's not a very good playwright.
 So they put it on just because it was by him,
 but apparently it's even with all that amazing stuff
 that I just listed, it's not very good.
 It sounds pretty gross.
 Do you know one of his main enemies?
 In fact, I think it's a main enemy.
 The main enemy of Nobel was Abel.
 Brilliant.
 Alexander Graham Bell?
 No, he's called Abel, a Frederick Abel.
 He was a British explosive expert who actually was a bit of a douchebag
 because he picks Nobel's brains about an explosive that he'd invented
 this propellant called Ballistite.
 And he said, "Oh, Nobel, tell me how you did it."
 That's very interesting.
 And then he basically went and made the same thing,
 patented it, and then they ended up in these big court cases.
 And weirdly, Nobel protested
 and what's called a friendly suit was begun in the British court,
 which I didn't know existed.
 And I don't think it has to be friendly at all,
 because Nobel was really pissed off.
 But the lawsuit is a friendly suit.
 What is in it? There's no consequence of it.
 I think it means basically there's no consequence.
 Actually, we're just trying to find out the truth here.
 But they remained enemies the rest of their lives, Nobel and Abel.
 And also, bizarrely, there's no Nobel prize in maths.
 But there is Abel prize in maths, named after another guy called Abel.
 Wow, are we saying about the world here?
 It's something huge, something huge.
 Do you know the best thing you win if you go to Nobel Prize?
 A million dollars.
 Yeah, you get a million dollars and you go to go to the big party
 in Stockholm, or Oslo, if you win the Peace Prize.
 And the medal.
 And the medal, and the certificate, and you know.
 Or something else?
 Yes, you do like?
 You get free parking at the University of California Berkley.
 There are special Nobel laureate reserved parking spaces.
 Yes, because they've got such a huge number of Nobel winners.
 Yeah, yeah.
 I read into that ages ago, and what they don't tell the Nobel laureates
 is that it's not lifelong.
 So they, it lapses.
 You've got to renew it yourself.
 What?
 So these Nobel laureates come by, and they've got tickets.
 And they're like, "I'm in the Nobel."
 And they're like, "Well, yeah, you were last year, but you're not anymore."
 Well, you don't have to win another Nobel Prize to redeem your parking.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 That's why Marie Curie got her second one.
 She was like, "I can't lose a spot."
 I love the process of how you get the prize.
 And there was an interview about maybe a decade ago
 with the permanent secretary of the Royal Swedish Academy of Sciences
 who at the time was a guy called Staffan Normach.
 And he said, 'cause, you know, you're just ring,
 you're called calling, basically,
 to say that you've won a Nobel Prize in whatever.
 And you've won, what is it, about a million quid?
 So as in, you get your phone, and it says, "Unknown number."
 Right.
 Then you answer it, and they say, "Whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo, whoo."
 Who's going to be? Who's going to be? Well, it's basically that, because he ring, he said, we ring up.
 And if you get, you might get through to a front desk or something, or, you know, like someone in, like an assistant or whatever.
 Yeah.
 And he said, "We tell them this is a very important call, a very important call."
 And then he pauses, and he says, "From Stockholm."
 And he's always been put through so far, because he just makes very clear what...
 Yes.
 But if you're in the second week of October, and the Swedish phone code comes up, that's what it is.
 I mean, that's a really good scam, isn't it?
 It's such a good scam.
 Like, we just...
 I know.
 Just go to Stockholm.
 Yeah.
 Ring up a load of, like, scientists. Exactly.
 And say, "Oh, we can't give you the prize.
 We just need the long number on the back of the card."
 On the, on the certificate, we have to write your mother's maiden name.
 And the name of your first pet.
 I think it works.
 And you can do it by days as well. So Tuesday, you ring the chemist, because that's when the
 Nobel's ring the chemist.
 Wednesday is physics.
 Economics is the following Monday, because it's a bit of a, kind of, a late add-on.
 And they don't, they never tell how they get your number.
 They never reveal.
 They probably just ask someone you know.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 I mean, is that because no one's ever asked.
 You've won a Nobel prize.
 How the hell did you get when you've won?
 Alright, it is time for fact number two.
 And that is Andy.
 My fact is, the Sasquatch may not be real, but the Sea Squatch is.
 Cool.
 Yeah.
 And this is a thinker.
 It's called the Sunflower Sea Star.
 Starfish.
 It's an American sea, they call starfish sea stars.
 I don't know why.
 I don't know why.
 It's obvious.
 But anyway.
 It's not a fish, right?
 Yeah, it's not a fish.
 But it's shaped like, anyway, the point is, they're amazing.
 They're amazing things.
 They have up to 24 arms all around them.
 They can get up to three feet across.
 They're massive things.
 And they're very fast moving as well.
 They can move about a meter a minute.
 Which, if you are a starfish, it's quite fast.
 Yeah, because it's not fast if you're most other things.
 Okay.
 Alright.
 And they used to be, you know, living in vast numbers
 off the coast of California.
 And then in 2013, they came a thing which I think we've mentioned before.
 Which was this, they got a disease.
 Basically, sea star wasting disease.
 Literally six billion of these things died of the disease.
 Wow.
 And it was just a real crunch.
 They live among the kelp forests off the coast,
 where you get these gigantic, like, hundred foot high strands of kelp.
 And there was a problem with the kelp as well.
 There was a big heat wave underwater, which wiped out the kelp forests.
 And then these urchins started growing, you know, sea urchins,
 which they just eat so much stuff that it's hard for the kelp to grow back.
 Yeah, because the sea stars would normally eat the urchins.
 Exactly.
 And the urchins weren't being eaten.
 So that meant the urchins at the kelp.
 Yes.
 As bad news get.
 No kelp.
 What?
 Good use for algae.
 Because when there's no kelp there, the algae can grow.
 Yeah.
 So it's not a zero sum game to some winners.
 The algae do tend to win this quite a lot this game.
 Yeah.
 They do.
 Algae.
 Boo.
 Anyway.
 So the reason they're called the sea squatch is that scientists spend a long time looking for any survivors
 that might have, you know, somehow lived.
 And in last year, for the very first time, they found a colony of wild survivors.
 Very exciting.
 And they've worked out the bacterium that killed them.
 And they've set up a lab, the sunflower star laboratory in California.
 They're raising babies.
 They're working out how to reintroduce them into the oceans.
 And I think they've got thousands of millions of sperm on ice.
 The sunflower starfish sperm.
 Hundreds of thousands of larvae.
 They've got a bloke called the star father.
 Who's the guy called?
 He's just a guy called Vince, but he was the first to kind of get.
 But he's not just a guy called Vince.
 He's an amazing scientist who works out, you know, how to restore these.
 Because if you restore the starfish, you get the kelp forest.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Because they love chowing down on the urchins.
 Yeah.
 I imagine Vince turns up at parties with a big sort of cape covered in starfish.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 They work at a place called Moss Landing in California.
 Oh, how I found this whole factor.
 Yeah, okay.
 That's where you were googling.
 Now we know.
 Yeah.
 So once we thought that they were gone, any scientists that were looking for it
 were technically cryptozoologists.
 Now usually you would say a cryptozoologist is someone looking for yetis,
 a Loch Ness monster, but an out-of-place animal, something that is not said to be there anymore
 is the technical description.
 So the person who found it was Rachel Calm.
 And she's been looking for it for years and years and years.
 And she couldn't believe it when she saw it.
 She screamed.
 And she immediately came back up to tell everyone that she had seen it.
 And she just forgot to take a photo, which is the number one rule of cryptozoologist.
 Always forget to take the photo over the yachty.
 So she played exactly into it.
 Now fortunately she went back down and they were still there.
 But she went back a minute later and it moved a meter.
 Where's it going?
 Yeah.
 But yeah, they're extraordinary things.
 Yeah, they're not protected under the endangered species act in America.
 Strangely enough, there was supposed to have been.
 There was a federal deadline for that protection.
 Then under the Trump administration, the deadline has passed.
 And they've not put them under the Endangered Species Act.
 But basically the Epstein files of the sea.
 I'm starting to go off the Trump administration.
 Many more stories like this.
 We're not trying to conservals, all starfish.
 Of course, slash sea stars.
 We're trying to kill some of them.
 We're trying to kill the crown of thorn starfish.
 Why is that?
 It's killing other things.
 Very harmful.
 It loves coral.
 We love coral more than we love crown of thorn starfish.
 So in a French Polynesian island a few years ago,
 I think 2008, 80% of the reef was live coral before they arrived.
 3.4% afterwards.
 And so we've built robots to get rid of them.
 And they've been trained to identify them by looking at lots of pictures online,
 by scaring the internet.
 And it's really hard to kill them because, but not much kills them.
 And they've discovered that cow bile kills starfish.
 I don't know how many things they went through.
 Before they got to bile from a cow's stomach.
 Wow.
 But now they basically have to give these robots called caught spot and range a bot.
 This bile from the stomachs of cows,
 send it down to the bottom of the ocean,
 injects the crown of thorn starfish.
 And abracadabra the corals are back.
 Apparently they have after AI learning that they've done.
 They have an accuracy rate now of 99%
 of the time they correctly inject a crown of thorn starfish.
 And what are you going to ask Andy?
 And the other one percent of the time?
 Well, presumably it's just somebody who's going swimming against cow bile.
 Don't wear your hedgehog diving outfit.
 But those things, so they are tricky crown of thorns.
 Because also you can, if you're a fisherman trying to get rid of one,
 you cut a limb off.
 Unfortunately, it can then grow a whole new crown of thorn starfish
 from the limb that you've just cut off.
 Yeah, that's amazing.
 I know, but the thing that could be done to get rid of them,
 this is very exciting.
 Because the robots are great, but they're quite labour intensive.
 You need to send it back and forth and back and forth and all of that.
 And you need, I guess, fresh cow bile all the time.
 Yeah.
 So one idea is to release artificial pheromones that we've made for them,
 to lure them all to the same place,
 basically saying crown of thorns orgy here tonight.
 Oh, yeah.
 And then you'll be able to wipe them all out in one go.
 Doesn't seem very fair, does it?
 No.
 So the ordinary thing.
 Well, I'm just saying, if you've got a letter through the post saying,
 "Ogy tonight, I went in this community centre and you went there
 and you got in check with my bile and you died."
 That's...
 It's a double disappointment, as well, isn't it?
 If someone said to you, "I'm going to kill you,"
 do you want me to kill you just at random one day
 or do you want to have a massive sex party
 and die in the middle of that?
 Oh, okay.
 So do they get to do some before they get...
 No, you're just being...
 You're just being cleared to the place.
 Oh, they don't provide lovely females.
 No, it's a big sign saying "Ogy," that's all it is.
 Oh, wow.
 No, that's me.
 I think that is not playing fair.
 If I got a letter like that through the post, I just clarified.
 I'd tread it.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah.
 After copying down the address.
 Well, guess I needed to report it later on for a noise violation.
 Yes.
 We said it's labour-intensive.
 It used to be done by hand, getting rid of these...
 Oh, sorry.
 I'm still up.
 No.
 I think in many places it still is done by hand.
 What?
 So killing Crown of Thorns starfish.
 The robot is quite labour-intensive.
 But in Okinawa, about 40 years ago,
 a load of them were collected and killed,
 but it was all done by hand.
 And it was all specialist divers who had to go down
 with specialist tools and really thick gloves.
 And they got rid of 1.5 million of them.
 What?
 Wow.
 That's amazing.
 Now they work harder than I do.
 Wow.
 That's incredible.
 We were talking about starfish,
 and then we were talking about cryptids.
 And we were talking about Japan.
 Well, Japan has a cryptid that they are trying to find currently,
 so much like this one, which is called the Kappa.
 You guys heard of the Kappa?
 No.
 Okay, Kappa.
 Very interesting.
 It's roughly the size of a ten-year-old boy.
 Yellow, green, and colour.
 It has, on the top of its head, a hollow indentation,
 which water gets to sit in.
 So when it goes out of water,
 it uses that water to keep its magic powers.
 But if it leans forward,
 the water will drip out,
 and it loses all its supernatural powers.
 When you say people are trying to find this,
 is it scientists?
 Are cryptozoologist scientists?
 No, they are not.
 Then no.
 What are his powers?
 His magical powers, you mentioned.
 Yeah, I'm not quite sure.
 I like eating cucumbers.
 I like eating cucumbers, too.
 But it falls to list my powers at gunpoint.
 Holden and clear that.
 It's just, I'll be your best.
 It's a kind of demon.
 And what you have to do is trick it into bowing,
 because if it bows, it loses its water,
 and you can get away from it.
 Because what it's trying to do,
 and actually, this is an old friend of the podcast,
 it's trying to steal your soul,
 which is a little ball hidden up your anus.
 According to people who also believe in this.
 Yeah, I feel like...
 No, it's all warning to get the same thought.
 Why is it done that this room has seen so much science
 over the years ago.
 It's time to humble it.
 We're a bit like Starfish.
 Are we?
 A bit like Starfish babies, especially,
 because we are both deuteristomes,
 which means when we are first formed,
 the little embryos and stuff,
 it's the anus that is formed first.
 And then we turn into a tube.
 It turns the anus then into the mouth and then everything else.
 And Starfish are also deuteristomes,
 which means that they are one of our closest invertebrate relatives.
 But one of our closest invertebrate relatives...
 Yeah, it's a huge caveat, isn't it?
 They're off the Christmas card list.
 I'm going to do all my invertebrate relatives first.
 But what's really interesting about that is
 we can see them grow because they're transparent.
 These baby Starfish.
 And so you can see the little tube growing.
 And then the tube branches out and turns into their organs.
 And that's how it works with us as well.
 And so we can see how it works with the baby Starfish.
 And then maybe in further with humans it will be kind of similar.
 Cool.
 So cool.
 It can't be that similar because we don't turn into stars.
 At some crucial point in our adolescence, do we?
 It's true.
 But like the babies, they have bilateral symmetry,
 like us.
 You know, they have two arms, two legs kind of thing.
 And it's only when they sort of get, like you say,
 to kind of childhood, they sink down, they stick to the ground.
 And then they sprout all these extra arms.
 That would be freaky if you could did that with...
 Oh, so good.
 They are kind of magical.
 There's one which some Starfish can see with their skeletons.
 Whoa.
 This is very weird.
 So they have...
 It's been observed that certain Starfish have light guiding structures
 inside their skeletons, right, in each of their limbs.
 And it concentrates these tubes.
 They concentrate the light towards a tiny internal cavity.
 And we don't really know what they do with it yet.
 But they are guiding the light all towards a particular bit of themselves.
 No.
 So it seems like they might have some kind of internal...
 Laser.
 Laser.
 Cool.
 But some kind of internal light sensing thing that they're able to use for survival.
 That's cool.
 That's very good.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 They've also a sensor in this room.
 They've also won a Nobel Prize.
 Really?
 Oh, yeah.
 Starfish?
 Yeah, they won the 1908 Nobel Prize.
 Literature?
 Or...
 No.
 This was...
 Well, it was actually a Russian zoologist, Ilya Mechnikov.
 But he did it with the help of Starfish.
 It was an 1881 that he did this experiment.
 But he won the prize for it in 1908.
 Nobel Prize for medicine.
 I'm going to assume.
 And basically, he's at home with his family.
 His family all want to go to the circus to watch some performing apes.
 He doesn't want to do that.
 I don't know if it was on animal rights grounds.
 But he said, "I'm staying at home to watch these starfish under my microscope."
 He stayed at home.
 And while at home he thought, "I wonder what will happen to their larvae if I poke them with a thorn."
 And so he went outside.
 You know what?
 He should have gone to the circus.
 That's what he's thinking at this point.
 He goes outside.
 He breaks the thorn off a rose in his garden.
 He comes back.
 He covers the thorn in indigo dye.
 And he pokes the starfish larvae with it.
 And he saw, under his microscope, all of these cells swarmed towards that bit of thorn and all that dye.
 And engulf it and destroy it.
 And that was the foundation of immunology.
 That was the first time we learned about the immune system and immune response.
 So well done, Starfish.
 Well done, Starfish.
 That's brilliant.
 I'm going to have to move the song, guys.
 Try next fact.
 They're good at sumo wrestling as well, by the way.
 Starfish.
 No, the Japanese folklore thing.
 So, yeah, so when it comes out of the water, it will challenge you to a sumo match.
 I was thinking what we should do with that guy is we should bring him up from Sweden in October.
 Tell him he's won a Nobel Prize.
 Then when he comes all the way over to Sweden and you get the medal, he bows down to Ponydon.
 Water falls out.
 Fish bash, Bosch.
 Really good.
 That's why he's the brains on this show.
 It is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in the 1980s, the way to stop hackers from breaking into your computer
 was to lock it with a physical key.
 Now, this...
 You know what?
 You send that fact over.
 And I was like, wow, that's really amazing.
 And then I saw this picture and I reckon my computer had one of those when I was growing up, right?
 Yeah, exactly.
 I have a memory of it as well.
 So this was from about 1984 to the early 90s and like '94, so a good 10-year period.
 IBM were the leaders in this.
 The idea was that early computers just didn't have any good security.
 And if you had an office computer or you had one at home that you didn't want anyone going into,
 you had no way of protecting it.
 So the key was literally to lock it in two senses.
 One, you could lock the keyboard from functioning altogether.
 The second one is to lock the casing itself.
 Because these computers back in the 80s and 90s were really easy to unscrew from the back and so on.
 So this was literally...
 You had a physical key to lock hackers out of your computer.
 Companies, including IBM, started inventing exterior locks.
 Like the ones you almost get where you put them outside your house to leave...
 You know, if you're doing an Airbnb, often a key is left.
 You would attach that to the side of your computer.
 To keep your keys in.
 No, you would put it over the on/off switch.
 So it was a barrier to someone getting to that switch.
 So they couldn't turn it on?
 Yeah, they couldn't turn it on.
 People should have just locked their houses.
 That's a good idea.
 That was the 80s. It was a different time.
 There were so many inventions.
 So there were certain PCs where there was a thin... It looked like a USB port.
 But what came with the computer was a giant, long metal rod
 that you would stick in through the entire computer.
 And then you would padlock it on the other side.
 So it was all about physical locking of your computer.
 That's the Kensington lock or the K-hole.
 Because there's a little hole in there.
 And it's got a K next to it. It's a K in a hole.
 And you just slide in this massive Kensington lock.
 That's very useful.
 Seriously, wait, if you went to Cafe Nero now, whipped out your laptop
 and then got out your huge rod.
 They thought it was a golf bag.
 But they got the locks made by this company called Chicago Lock.
 And the locks are quite silendery and they're thick.
 It's quite hard to describe, but not a classic key.
 And so the issue was you can't get much nuance on that key.
 So it kind of turned out that if you owned one of these keys,
 not only could you get into the computer you were breaking into,
 but every other product basically fits in the same key.
 So in fact, what they created was a master key to break into every computer out there.
 Is anyone in Celebrate World Password Day?
 I'm not going to tell you.
 Not even, do they not? We heard a boo.
 I don't know if you heard that.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That is advanced stuff, because yeah, it's a very controversial holiday.
 It's first Thursday in May. I don't need to tell you.
 But it's become controversial in recent years,
 because it's become so clear that passwords are rubbish.
 You know, the average person now I think has something like 255 passwords
 between work and personal stuff. I mean, it's horrendous.
 You know, you have so many passwords, so you simplify the password
 that you end up using for most things.
 Or you, you know, which is a big no-no, you use the same password for everything.
 And the password gets simpler.
 And you know, you're not changing it every 90 days like they say you're meant to,
 because no one has ever, ever, ever done that.
 So there's a theory that this year might have seen one of the last ever world password days,
 which would be very sad, you know, because we won't get the day off work if it does not make more progress.
 Yeah, they basically, I think pretty much everyone says you should not be changing your passwords that frequently.
 No, because then you simplify them.
 Yeah, and you just make it sausage instead of sausage 1, 2, 3, which is a much better password.
 So, sausage 1, 2, 3, exclamation mark.
 Oh, and the computer gives you a little bit of approval.
 That's a strong password.
 Is it, is it really?
 Oh, I fucking hate that strong Ometer.
 Is adding another exclamation mark.
 Oh, wow, you've really, you've really puffed up the security, sir.
 You'll never suspect.
 I'll further exclamation mark.
 So, this is okay.
 So there was a study of few, you're like, this was many years ago, 2010.
 So much earlier in internet history, you know, even though 16 years ago,
 so computers have come in a lot since then, 32 million passwords were leaked from one particular website, right?
 Okay.
 But that was a treasure trove of data to analyse, as well as a big security breach,
 because you could see what the most popular passwords were.
 Have a guess as the most common?
 Password.
 Password.
 That was in, that was in fourth.
 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
 Correct.
 Second place?
 1, 2, 3, 4, 5.
 Yes.
 So, giving a lot away about my own security.
 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, was third.
 Password was fourth.
 Then the name of the site came in seventh.
 You know, the actual name of the site, whatever it was called.
 So, right.
 Now, obviously, that was 2010.
 Things have moved on a lot.
 December last year, what was the most common password?
 Password.
 It was admin.
 Oh.
 Yeah.
 And then second most popular, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6.
 Wow.
 Disaster.
 Admin.
 Admin.
 I don't know anyone who's got that.
 And I always ask people what their password is before I...
 Wow.
 Admin.
 Yeah.
 The first antivirus, maybe?
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 So, that was invented by a guy called Ray Tomlinson.
 And there was a friend of his called Bob Thomas.
 It invented something called Creeper, which was a program that went through the early internet.
 It was called the Arpenet.
 And it was like a load of computers sort of in a network.
 But Creeper went from one computer to another and he said,
 "I'm the Creeper.
 Catch me if you can."
 And then Ray Tomlinson made another program, which would go around called a Reaper.
 And it would be able to get rid of this thing.
 And they didn't really care about it.
 They were doing loads of other stuff, but this was the first example of a program going from one computer to the other.
 And Ray Tomlinson, he also did another thing.
 He invented the at sign for emails without him that wouldn't be an at sign.
 So, he basically did the first email that you could do between different computers.
 Previously, if you wanted to send an email to someone, they'd have to come on to your computer and read what you'd written before.
 But he did the at sign.
 That's not a good email system, is it?
 It's basically passing a company to people.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But when he was working on that email, he showed it to a colleague and said,
 "Don't tell anyone.
 This isn't what we're supposed to be working on."
 Which is kind of emails what they became, isn't it, really?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But then these things were called worms that would go from one computer to another.
 And one famous one was a program called Worms against nuclear killers,
 which went on some acronym fans in the audience.
 Worms against nuclear killers, which went into NASA content.
 Oh, Dan's got it.
 [laughter]
 A good little late explosion, yeah.
 That took ages, but I got there.
 Well, we've said before on this podcast that that word is not rude in America.
 So, in America, they perhaps didn't know that it was something rude.
 But it went into NASA computers and it would go onto your screen
 and it would say things like Botanochist or the FBI is watching you.
 And it was like pacifists who were sending it around.
 And as a result of this Worms against nuclear killers program,
 NASA had to make a anti-wank procedure,
 which it gave to all of its employees.
 [laughter]
 And all it meant was they put a little program on their computer
 to stop the worm from going from one car to the other.
 Just a picture of your grandmother.
 [laughter]
 Too far, Dan.
 Too far.
 I got one more thing on the acronyms, actually.
 You know SQL or SQL.
 You've heard of it.
 Yeah, it's a database programming language.
 So, there is another program called MySQL or MySQL,
 which is an open source database management system.
 So, you can use it yourself because it's open source.
 So, anyone can use it.
 Do you know why MySQL got its name?
 No.
 Is this SQL for you?
 Well, would you believe that the My is the name of the daughter of the co-founder
 Michael Windinius?
 Yes!
 [laughter]
 Into the bucket goes.
 First chapter, stunning.
 Isn't that good?
 That's really why.
 It's wonderful.
 Unbelievable, you're encouraging it.
 That's so funny.
 Unbelievable.
 You can have one good, one example of a good thing about AI.
 AI has a very bad reputation for all sorts of reasons.
 But there was a recent story of AI actually coming through and delivering the goods on something
 and his password related, computer security related.
 In 2015, there was a guy in America.
 He was at a Starbucks.
 He bought five Bitcoin on his phone for about, I think, was $100 each.
 Then he got stoned.
 And he forgot his password to the wallet, which he just created.
 In fact, he had three passwords of this thing.
 Two of them he could remember the third one he couldn't.
 And all he could remember for the third one was the mnemonic phrase.
 He couldn't remember the actual password.
 Do you remember the mnemonic?
 Do you know what the mnemonic is, though?
 No.
 Oh, okay.
 He did eventually use all he had with the phrase.
 He used an AI tool to say, can you help me figure out the password based on the phrase?
 And the AI did, and he managed to get in. I think it was several hundred thousand.
 I mean, I $400,000 that he was able to get.
 And the password that he had failed to get was LOL 420 after police.
 Exclamation mark, asterisk.
 Smiley face.
 Smiley.
 He couldn't get it.
 He tried brute forcing three and a half trillion password strings.
 And that add and come up.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 What did he do to miss off the last smiley face?
 Insane password.
 That's a good password.
 It's really good, aren't it?
 I'm just sausage, you could go with that.
 It's strong, yeah.
 The big news story this week, but it will have been forgotten by the time this goes out,
 because the AI will have moved on about a billion light years, has been insane.
 And I spent a long time getting to grips with it.
 So I think everyone needs to get to grips with it.
 It's so exciting.
 So it was the open AI, obviously one of the biggest AI companies,
 was just doing an in-house test of its model to see how good it was at hacking.
 And the way it does is it puts its model in a sandbox, which means it just locks it in a virtual room,
 which it can't get out of.
 It's not connected to the internet, got no way of connected to the internet.
 It's got no way of really connected to any other computers.
 And it just says, I'm going to give you a hacking test now, AI model, do it.
 And what this AI model did was, it not only hacked its way out of this room,
 out of this sandbox.
 So it managed to link up to a bunch of other computers on the network.
 It wasn't meant to connect to.
 It found one that connected to the internet.
 It got onto the internet.
 And it found a website called HuggingFace, which is basically a startup where people collaborate on AI.
 And it thought, I bet this HuggingFace website is where they put the answers to the test they're setting me.
 And it went and it stole the answers to the test that the open AI was setting it.
 And it went back and it passed the test.
 And HuggingFace said, oh my god, someone's hacked our software.
 What the hell's happened? An open AI said, yeah, it was us, but we've got no control over that.
 And they're both having a lovely love in now saying, oh, they're being so helpful and nice,
 that we've got no control over this AI now.
 So it's literally like, if I didn't escape room, it's if I broke out of the building that had the escape room in it,
 found the person who designed the escape room, broken to their house,
 woke them up in night and asked them, how do I get out of the escape room?
 That's what it did.
 And then, how did you get out of the escape room to begin with?
 We don't know. That is what is so terrifying.
 That's the proper holy shit.
 Yeah.
 It's so incredible, but very cool if you're on their side.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that the Grey Lowery Bird attracts mates by shouting, go away.
 So I was reading a substat called Bird History.
 And this was an article on there called the 100 Greatest Bird Names of All Time.
 And I was drawn to number 19 because it was the barefaced go away bird.
 And I wondered, how did it get that name?
 And it turns out that it gets a name for its call.
 And a lot of birds do, they get the name from what they sound like in English.
 And like most birds, the call is partly to get rid of people, so it is actually a go away.
 But it is also partly to attract mates.
 So effectively, it's trying to get female by saying go away, go away.
 And I think Ethan, can we hear the sound to see if you can...
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, you're by the end.
 Yes, absolutely.
 Go away.
 That's wonderful.
 I think if you told me it said have a nice cream, I also would have heard that.
 Yeah, I see that.
 But the amazing thing about the go away birds is not only does it scare away sort of other birds or attract other birds,
 other bird species and mammals seem to react to it.
 So when small mammals will hear that go away, they will go away.
 And so a lot of hunters and photographers have been going to try and find animals.
 And then this bird will start going go away, go away.
 And then they lose the thing they are trying to photograph.
 Yeah, wow.
 So is that to create some privacy for the mate that it wants to shack?
 We're not really sure why it happens, but there is a thing about like a lot of animals the calls have very similar.
 The certain similarities between them, so like a baby crying is quite similar to some kind of bird songs, which is quite similar to certain other things.
 And all animals seem to react in similar way to certain noises.
 Okay, I really like this theory because there's a related thing.
 Is the bird saying go away in human language or do we speak bird?
 Right?
 So please, please.
 This is science.
 So let's just, so do we call crows, because they crow?
 Yes, cuckoo is the same thing.
 They say cuckoo, we say call them the cuckoo.
 They have taught us their name.
 We have not named them.
 I just think the word in English is the same, right?
 But they had it first.
 Like we partially speak bird.
 You know, you say all the words in English from Thai that we had a few days ago.
 But how many words in English are from bird?
 Yes.
 Loads.
 Loads and different languages have different versions of it, of course.
 Wow.
 That's the thing, isn't it?
 I don't think so.
 Is it beyond bird?
 I like it.
 I mean, is it beyond birds?
 Do we have any other animals that we have named?
 What else?
 What do we got?
 Well, I'm sure there are some.
 They're like an elephant when it poopes out of its trunk, it goes elephant.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 The ancient Egyptian for cats was meow.
 So we speak Egyptian cat.
 That's cool.
 And I think maybe in some other languages it's meow as well.
 Wow.
 You don't speak much though, do you?
 It's another awkward like bonjour.
 It's one of those.
 I'm so sorry.
 I only know cuckoo.
 Yeah.
 I don't.
 I've got holiday cuckoo.
 But nothing more than that.
 There are quite a lot of birds that speak other bird.
 So like the superb fairy-ren and the Hume's leaf warbler have some words that are the same in both language.
 Sciences have found this kind of little alarm call.
 It's a little bit of a whiny alarm call.
 And there are 20 species of bird that make it.
 And they all make it when there's a cuckoo around.
 Yes.
 So they all know the same word for cuckoo, which is...
 But it's not cuckoo.
 No, it's not cuckoo.
 They don't speak cuckoo, but they have the same word for cuckoo.
 Well, they have to kind of do it on the slice, so the cuckoo doesn't understand it.
 I, if you say the cuckoo, the cuckoo will come over, yeah.
 That's the whole thing you're trying to avoid.
 I've read about them.
 They've all lived in areas where there are lots of brood parasites they call them, which are cuckoo-style birds.
 So it's basically like NATO for birds.
 And they can get involved and they all sort of get involved.
 And they do mobbing and all of that.
 There is a thing about bird communication.
 Have you heard of the "Color Do Little Prize"?
 This is a real prize.
 No.
 So it's, I think it's an annual award, maybe.
 And there's $100,000 up for grabs for decoding a little bit of how birds communicate.
 Okay.
 So it's set up by a British billionaire and vegan activist called Jeremy Coller,
 who just, this is his special interest and he's established this prize.
 There is a grand prize.
 If you crack the whole thing of bird communication, you get $10 million.
 So this is worth doing.
 And that doesn't seem enough to sort of cross the species barrier of life.
 Well, if you go in there and go in, I know the word for cuckoo.
 Do I maybe get 10 grand for that?
 I'll get a coffee in a handshake.
 Yeah, yeah.
 But he thinks it's inevitable that we'll be soon be able to communicate back and forth with animals,
 because different bits of it are being cracked.
 So this year's prize went to Dr. Julie Ely,
 because she worked out the 11 main zebrafinch calls.
 So she's got that nailed.
 Wait, what does she get?
 She doesn't get the full 10 mil for that.
 No, she gets $100 grand.
 She gets $100 grand.
 It's bit by bit.
 This list that you mentioned, the hundred greatest bird names.
 Oh, yes.
 It was by this guy, Robert Francis, bird writer.
 So he's got the substack bird history, as James says.
 And as a preparator for it, he read all 11,000 bird names.
 Right.
 And he said it was just a nightmare job to pick 100.
 And he had 100 and then he had a supplementary list of bonus ones beneath it,
 which were just too good to leave out.
 Well, maybe a few of his fix.
 So you've got the middle American leaf tosser,
 the handsome fruit eater.
 Very nice.
 Very nice.
 The banana ant bird.
 Not going on there.
 The oliagenous, hemi-spingus.
 Yes.
 An incantation.
 Andy, did you find the predicted ant-ren?
 That's my favourite.
 There was a man who was studying birds out in an area
 when I bet this bird exists.
 And it did, as predicted, hence its name.
 So it was either--
 You sort of noticed the ecological niche, right?
 There was a niche.
 There's two stories.
 One that is there is a niche that he thought the ant-ren must exist here.
 But the other one was that he heard the call.
 And he spent years trying to identify it.
 And he predicted that it would be an ant-ren.
 So that's how it has his name, the predicted ant-ren.
 Yeah.
 That's very true.
 There were a few that sound a little bit rude on there.
 The mouse-colored penduline tit.
 That's named because the tit makes pendulous hanging nests.
 Wow.
 The hori puff leg.
 And Mrs. Maraudes-Warbler.
 Which definitely feels like a euphemism for something, I think.
 Can I ask, are these all these humours bird names?
 Are they hyphenated or they're not hyphenated?
 Not many-- I don't think any of them are hyphenated.
 Okay, because that's a very controversial issue.
 And bird naming, of course.
 So if they were hyphenated, I'd have to storm out.
 I think the-- I'm so sorry, Anna.
 No, it's stand up now.
 The fluffy-backed tit-babler is doubly hyphenated.
 That is bullshit.
 Why?
 The mouse-colored penduline tit.
 Oh my god.
 Right.
 Or the International Ornithological Congress is going mad.
 It has ruled that past enthusiasm for hyphens was excessive and unnecessary.
 And no bird name should be hyphenated.
 How would you spell mouse-colored, though?
 Mouse-colored has a hyphen in it.
 Sorry, it's mouse-based colored.
 For no particular reason except that, as far as I can tell,
 the South American classification committee aggressively is pro-hyphen.
 And they seem to have beef with each other and they've published various articles
 and papers about why there should or should not be a hyphen.
 The latest one was the 3,000-word pro-hyphen rebuttal of the anti-hyphen IOCs ruling,
 which was titled hyphenated bird names,
 a response to the American Ornithologist Union's rejection of the IOC Congress guidelines.
 It's so be very careful who you're with when you're writing down certain bird names.
 I'm really into the African great parrots.
 I think they give the best stories.
 They're talking parrots.
 They're talking parrots and they can mimic so many.
 I believe that the lead singer of the metal band Hatebeak,
 who's called Waldo, is an African great parrot.
 Okay.
 We all know this, the metal band that has a parrot as its lead singer.
 They've got multiple albums.
 They've got bird seeds of vengeance.
 The things that should not beak roost in peace,
 it's death metal with a bird just going over the top of it.
 But then I read another amazing story about a Californian-based African great parrot
 that was called Nigel.
 And Nigel went missing for four years, but Nigel was microchipped.
 So eventually he was handed in.
 And when he came back, he no longer spoke with a British accent when he said words.
 He spoke Spanish and he could hum the opening lines of the good, the bad and the ugly.
 No.
 That's amazing.
 They can just suddenly change language.
 Spanish-speaking Nigel, that's the rare thing about it.
 Do you want to hear some different bird songs?
 Oh, yeah.
 I've got a book by a guy called John Beavis,
 which is all the different sounds that all the different birds make.
 And then they're written in sort of English, so you can read them.
 So if something shouting "Frank," then that's probably a great blue heron.
 If they're shouting "Peter," it's an olive warbler.
 And if they're shouting "Rick," it's a snowy owl.
 The shouting "Git," it's a warbling virio.
 Sure.
 If they're shouting "Pupu," it's a least bitter.
 And if it's a wee wee, it's a Clark's Grebe.
 And "Wink," "Wink," "Wink," "Wink," is a black-billed magpie.
 Nice.
 There you go.
 That's very good.
 If you hear a bird and it goes "Oink," then that's a Virginia rail.
 Or Old McDonald's has been up to his experiments again.
 If it goes "Pew, pew, pew."
 It's a tough-to-tit mouse.
 And if it goes "Wakawaka," it's a Virginia rail or Shakira.
 Or Fuzzy Bear, I suppose.
 OK, that is it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with us, we're all online on Instagram.
 And you can find us there or you can email podcast@ky.com.
 Do that because Andy gets all the emails and he picks out the best
 for our little fish show, as well as drop us a line.
 But otherwise, we will be back again next week with another show.
 We'll see you then.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
