 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Little Fish. We've been so happy to get
 a message just from you guys to say that you've been enjoying this show and we certainly
 enjoy making it. It's a little bit more loose, a little bit more silly than the normal
 shows, but we really, really love getting your facts so please do keep sending those in.
 The reason I've disturbed the start of your show today is because I want to tell you about
 a quiz that we're doing. It is for Patreon subscribers on the top tier and it will take
 place on the 23rd of January at 7pm UK time, so that will be sometime in the afternoon
 if you're in North America and it will be very early in the morning if you're in Australia
 or New Zealand, but hopefully you will still be able to join us. It's going to be a whole
 load of fun. We've got loads of amazing stuff planned for you and if you are not a member
 of Patreon right now, then you have to go to patreon.com/nosusthingsaffish and join
 our top tier. You could probably just do it for a month and then quit if you just want
 to do the quiz, but honestly, there's so much good stuff on our Patreon that I really think
 once you join you will be hooked because we have extra content, we have merch, we have
 video content, there's all sorts of stuff on there. We hope we've made it value for money
 because people going on there help to support the podcast so it is a real good mutual
 benefit thing. Anyway, enough of that. Really hope you enjoyed this episode of Little Fish.
 Hi, I'm Robonnie. Listen, Andy's got a cold and it's actually a really bad one. I've had
 a super sniffle. Hi everybody, welcome to Little Fish. This is our audience fact show,
 so never mind our boring old facts. It's time for your boring old facts instead. You've been
 sending them into podcast@QI.com and we've been reading them, collating them, winnowing them,
 doing extra research on them, and here are your best facts from the last seven days. So
 let's go. What you can't see listener is the most British thing is happening in the
 background. As Andy is introducing the show, he's pouring himself a thermos of tea. Yes,
 we're recording this on apparently my Duke of Edinburgh. I thought it was incredible how
 you multitasked there. Thank you very much. Because actually, I think the listener wouldn't have
 been able to tell he was pouring that tea until you mentioned it. Yeah, there you go. Well,
 thank you very much. Yeah. But look, enough of this, enough of this banter. Let's have some
 factor. Let's have some facts. Who would like to start? We got sent in a fact by Alex Hors
 and Alex says, Nazi propaganda in the 1930s relied heavily on an Englishman called Dick Seaman.
 You had such a bad time in the English public school system that he just turned.
 Why would you give someone a name like that? You'd think his dad would have learned. Given the
 fact he was called William Seaman, Willie Seaman, come on. Good Lord. Come on indeed.
 So this is Richard Dick Seaman. He was a British racing driver and he was signed by the state-backed
 Mercedes team in the mid-1930s to race in the precursor to what is modern F1. And he was appointed
 as a non-German to be part of the team. He was signed off by Goebbels who showed him to Hitler,
 Hitler loved him. Hitler thought he was amazing. In fact, when he died and sadly Dick Seaman did die
 in a crash during a race, Hitler sent the biggest bouquet of flowers to the funeral. So so Hitler.
 I it is really. Oh, I've got to send the biggest bouquet of flowers. Do you know what I mean? Just show
 you off. He's the kind of person that you know like if someone does a sponsored swim and everyone
 sponsors you for five pounds, he would do six pounds. Yeah, he is. Oh God. I knew I didn't like him,
 but that's really taking it to a new territory. Interesting facts about Seaman. Yeah. I mentioned in
 an earlier, I think it was a little fish about a football team in Indonesia or the Philippines called
 Seaman Pandang. Yes. And I said that the name Seaman came from a cement company. Oh yeah. And someone
 messaged me on Instagram. It was Lars Van Toff. And Lars said that they lived in Bali most of their
 life and they they can tell me that the word Seaman means cement in Indonesia. So it's not a brand name.
 Yeah. It's just a generic word for the cement. So whatever this person ever had to buy cement
 because they were an English speaker, they thought it was very a music. Yeah. As you would. Just while
 we're on sports and fascism and the 1930s, who knew it was going to go in this direction? Who knew
 I list there is had such a niche knowledge base. Well, Stefan Barrett and Mark Norman have both sent
 in a brilliant fact. So Stefan, I'll start with Stefan. Stefan says infamous right wing dictator
 Benito Mussolini's great grandson, Romano Floriani Mussolini is a professional footballer who plays on
 and he guesses. Sorry, on the right wing. Oh, yes. Okay. And at a good level too, apparently
 in the the top Italian league. Really? Serious. Serious. Ah, that's right. And Mark, Ed's,
 Mark says that fact as well and says just a trivial thing I found amusing when I was told it.
 I'm sure he's a lovely person and it does state on his Wikipedia that he has no interest in politics.
 Cool. Interesting. I've been feeling that Gaddafi's son might have played professional football.
 Really? At a relatively high level, maybe Seria Bay or something. Yeah.
 Thing. Can I be wrong about that? Here's a fact from Scott Parsons who writes that they work in
 clinical trials and thought we would like to know some of the papers that Scott has come across
 over the years. So he found that the half life of communal teaspoons is 42. So if you have a
 load of teaspoons in the office, then after 42 days, half of them will have disappeared.
 Interesting. That is interesting. And it breaks over an old wound for us, which we don't need to get
 into now. I still don't understand how I got involved in that controversy because you kept putting
 the spoons in the bin. I think it was there were no forks or knives. It was one of them. All I did
 was jump in saying, hey, it could have been any one of us so that whoever did it would feel,
 ah, okay, it's not a problem to admit to it. You know knives out. Yeah. The first ever mystery that
 Benoit Blanc solved was what happened to the knives in the QI office and that's how that series
 got its name. Yeah. There we go. And was I was I fingered by Benoit Blanc? It was it was cut
 from the final code that scene. But they also so Scott also found that if you need a problem to be
 solved quickly, brain surgeons are better than rocket scientists. Really? It's interesting to
 study because as that whole speaking of popular culture, as we were, there's that Michelin web
 sketches and the word their brain surgeon meets the rocket scientist. This is very good. But what
 do you reckon is brain brain surgery or rocket science? I feel like brain surgery is harder. Because
 it's more fiddly. I think it's largely machines these days. So I think rocket science. What do you
 think rocket science is? It's one of the last sort of craftsmen. Yeah. What do you think they're
 hearing those from Timber? Do you? It's an old nut in Italy makes it from Willow. It's mostly machines
 these days. I think brain surgery is largely you're you're not necessarily going in with your hands
 anymore. You program it, don't you? Yeah. Then you just press button one. Yeah. It's a bit it's
 no harder than playing Street Fighter these days. Yeah. Yeah. When in doubt, just mash all the buttons
 and that'll probably do something. It'll definitely do something. If it shouts finish him, you know
 you've done something wrong. So brain surgery in the UK, you need to do a five year medical degree
 then two years of foundation training, then at least eight more years of neurosurgical training
 whereas to be a rocket scientist, you need to do your degree, but then you could do an apprenticeship
 after that and go straight into the industry. So you need to do a lot more studying to be a brain
 surgeon. Okay. Interesting. There's got to be levels of rocket scientist. You start off
 making tea and just chatting with rockets on it. T minus five, T minus four. Come on. Please.
 I'm going to take the rest of the day off. That's it. I got a good one here. Yeah. From Alex Hartley.
 Oh. Who says the guy from Millie Vanillie. Where's Guy there were two? Well, there were two
 of them one sadly passed away now, but the other one. Who were they by the way? Just for more
 concepts. Millie Vanillie with this double act, two incredibly handsome guys, singers,
 ostensibly. Yes. But it turned out that they'd been miming on top of the pops.
 That's right. Well, not just miming on top of the pops. So they had this unbelievably successful
 debut album. It sold eight million copies. They were absolutely everywhere. They were huge. We're
 talking 1989 here. They were superstars. They won the Grammy for Best New Artist. And then they
 were revealed not to have sung any of their live gigs where they were all lip syncing or any of
 their recordings. Right. Yeah. So it just wasn't their voices. It was at any point. It was such a big
 story that I will have been like what 10 years old at this time. And at school, we all knew this story.
 Yeah. And we would make jokes about it and stuff like that. It's kind of and the backlash was
 huge fans destroyed their records. You know, and that's millions of records. It's the millions of
 vanillians. Brilliant. Absolutely. Brilliant. Well, why are you still here to make that joke?
 I feel like it's going downhill here. diminishing returns. Yeah. But it's the only time a Grammy has
 ever been rescinded. Wow. They took it off the date. And some real hounds of one Grammy's I suspect.
 I suspect some people of one Grammy's who are rotters. But probably saying this. So probably saying
 that's all. So anyway, that's the that's the situation. Right. And Alex's fact is the guy from
 Millie Vanillie who had to give back a Grammy is nominated this year for a Grammy for narrating
 the audiobook of the story of Millie Vanillie. So good. Absolutely stunning. And that I think is
 next year's Grammys. I think the 2026. The categories have been announced. Indeed, this year by
 the time this goes out. Absolutely. Yeah. Hello, everybody. And having you. Yeah. The golden
 gloves have added a podcast category this year. Have you seen that? Yeah. So the Grammys might
 eventually go on to that. We might get a Grammy one. Yeah. We were not eligible for the golden
 gloves one. Is that right? Yeah. It was like, I think only the top 10 podcasts in the world were
 up for like, there was some rule that meant a win number 11. Are we typical? There was definitely
 some rule that I saw it and thought, let's just throw a hat in the ring. Why not? Yeah. But we couldn't.
 Damn it. Gusted about that. Also, we don't do our own podcast. Do we have voice actors who come
 in and do this? Yeah. Yeah. I go. We had a sounding guy to do mine. The guy who's nominated for
 Bree Smorvin is up against a friend of yours, Dan, for the in the Grammy category. Is this a real
 friend or eight someone you, I think, admire and someone I associate with you? Is it the guy who runs
 the Crab Museum in Margate? It's the guy who runs the Crab Museum in Margate. He's nominated.
 That's very good. Brian blesses. Oh, they've both spent time in Tibet, I'd say.
 Is it a Yeti? Wow. Is that for a Grammy, which I think at this stage would be a real Philip for his
 career. I think he needs that boost. Yeah. How wonderful. Yeah. It's got lovely voice. Well,
 is it nice for them for Bree Smorvin's voice? I wouldn't know. I don't think anyone's heard it.
 Alice Hill has sent in two facts to us. One is from personal experience. She said, you can flip a
 breech baby while it's still inside the mum. She's like, it's pretty common. Breech baby being a
 breech baby is when the baby is facing the wrong way when it's birth is about to happen. Yeah. You
 want it the other way around so you can she says literally massage the baby. Two doctors can do it
 and they can massage at 180 degrees into the right position for birth, which is amazing. So this
 is obviously someone who loves a bit of science, curious about the world. Here's the actual fact
 she sent in years ago, I worked at a Christmas tree farm on a particularly hot summer's day and I
 saw a bumblebee performing oral sex on another bumblebee. The receiving bee was latched out,
 front arms up, holding some pine needles, front facing, bum forward. Other bee, face deep.
 I'll never forget that site. It was before the time of phone cameras. So a last new photographic
 proof. How convenient. It's tried to research it online. A bit tricky though for obvious reasons.
 Maybe you guys could find out if it's a thing. Alice, I looked into it. It is absolutely not a thing.
 I don't know what you saw. Alice, I assume it was two humans in bumblebee costumes.
 Quiz Corner. Oh yeah. Freyvand of Lert writes, "Why, in most car commercials, do you only see
 the following letters and numbers on the number plates?" A H I M O T U V W X zero eight.
 I think I worked it out. Is it kind of like a lot of TV shows will use the same phone number because
 you don't want to use a license plate that's out there. That's a good idea. And those letters are not
 any other license plates in the world. Exactly. There you go. It can only be because they're all
 symmetrical. Yes. And so they must flip the footage or something? It's because the image can then
 be mirrored to make the car drive on the correct side of the road, depending on what country the
 commercial is area. Of course. There seems to be, I've looked into it a bit more. It seems to be true.
 And often you will see a car driving along with what is quite clearly southern Europe.
 Yeah, quite often in Iceland or something. Yeah. And they're driving on the left hand side of
 the road. A beautiful, sun-drenched canyon. Or you know, majestic mountain. It's just like, it's
 clear along the UK. So I don't know how much good it does. It's a really good fact.
 Yeah. And a good question as well. So thank you Freyvand. Here's another one that is based on
 roads. Yeah. This is from Alan Mitchell. And Alan says he used to be a motorcycle instructor.
 And one fun question we used to ask is if anyone knew what the black horizontal line was on a
 crossing patrol sign like a lollipop person would use on the round bit at the top. It says stop
 children. But then there's like a black lozenge in the middle of it. Okay. And Alan wonders what
 that was for. How in fact he knows what it's for. He's told us it's going to be for the drivers.
 You know, I read the email in the first place. I came into the inbox. So actually this quiz is
 for one person in this way, manly. Why would there be a black dot in the middle? Lozenge.
 Lot of dot, lozenge. That's, I'd say, essential. James, I don't know. The blackness is important.
 Lozenge's like the sweetie. Yeah, like a long, a long, like a sausage. Like a sausage. Right.
 Why would there be a sausage on a lollipop though?
 I'm just going to tell you. Yeah, I don't think I can get this.
 According to Alan, it's a blackboard and you would write down the number plates of vehicles
 who fail to stop his if you're a lollipop, if you're a lollipop person. Yeah, yeah. And one of the cars
 doesn't stop. They've committed an offense. So you would write down the number plate. Yeah, yeah.
 Now, the main problem is it doesn't really make a lot of sense. No. But I've looked online and it's
 definitely often said that this is true. And usually it's a lollipop people who say it.
 Right. I haven't found any sort of official sauce like the department of transport or the highway
 code or anything like that that says that this is true. It's hard to see how it would be useful.
 Well, I frequently try what I'm out and about to remember a license plate that passes by. Yeah.
 Yeah, just because I think I might be called on at some point to remember a license plate,
 you know, a short notice. Yeah, yeah. What if that car does commit an offense? Yeah, I'll need to,
 I'll need to say yes, officer. I remember it very clearly. How many do you retain? I've got them all
 cool. Gonna be four or five thousand, but I've memorized over the course of my life.
 Might one day that might come in useful. Absolutely. Yeah, absolutely. Please test me now.
 November the 4th 2022. Didn't spot any that day. I was at home. You were sick. Yeah, yeah.
 Try to please another. November 3rd 2022. I was on the whole day. Were you? Yeah, no cars.
 Were you? Oh, he's on the island of Sark.
 Beautiful place. Lovely. Yeah, no cars. No cars. No cars on Sark, famously. All right. Well, story checks out.
 The thing is like, why not just have a notepad? Yeah. Why write it on something where it might get washed
 off or whatever. Yeah, it's true. If you need to keep hold of the license plate numbers,
 yes, that is not the best place to put it. You might want to write it on there so that people
 can see it and it shames people, but who remembers anyone's number plate enough to be like,
 oh, that's. Well, obviously, yeah. Obviously, for you, it would work, but for most people,
 it wouldn't. So it's really interesting whether this is true or not. Certainly, people who are
 involved in the community do think it's true, but there is no real evidence and it's hard to see
 how it would make sense. Very interesting. Yeah. So if you know the absolute certainty that this
 is true or not true, then do write it into podcast@QI.com. Very cool. I like it. I've got one that I
 can fashion into a question as well. This is from Sean Slater. He says, for every American president
 assassination, a Lincoln has been present. Certainly in the one where Abraham Lincoln was shot. Yeah.
 He was very Lincoln was there. His wife. Yeah. And Abraham was there too. So he got two
 Lincoln's. Okay. Garfield was shot by that guy with a weird name like a Gito. Yes. Charles Gito.
 Charles Lincoln Gito. Yeah. That's correct. And Robert Todd Lincoln, who was Abraham Lincoln's son,
 was there. Really? Yes. McKinley. Was McKinley shot? McKinley. Correct. McKinley was shot.
 Was there a Lincoln? Remember the Lincoln family was there? The same Lincoln. Robert Todd Lincoln.
 Was there? Really? Really? Yeah. He was even quoted later as saying, I'm not going to any more
 events because it's got a certain fatality about it when I go. And don't tell me JFK was driving in
 a Lincoln. He was in a Ford Lincoln. You got it. Wow. Very nice. That's great. Very, very fun quiz.
 I think we must be getting towards the end of this. I think so. I think let's switch over into
 Friend of the podcast mode and dedicate some facts to people who've joined on Patreon at the top
 tier. If you've joined at Friend of the podcast, we would like to dedicate one of our facts to you.
 So let's let's dish out a few of those now. I'll kick off with one. Vicki, congratulations to you.
 You are now the custodian of the fact that kangaroos have five legs.
 Bad luck, Vicki. Yeah. This is one of those rare ones when we just made stuff up. That's right.
 No, it's that the tailors of fifth leg. According to all sorts of tests, they've put kangaroos on
 treadmills and they've they've done all sorts of science on it because they use it for walking.
 Yes, they use it to propel themselves. Yeah. That was a James Harken fact, Vicki,
 episode 19. Yeah. Congratulations. Should I do one? Yeah. We've got an anitoshinsky fact to give out.
 And that's going to you and Taylor and that fact is that during the financial crisis of 1720,
 Parliament called for stockbrokers to be stitched into sacks and thrown into the Thames.
 Wow. Yeah. Gosh. Yeah. That's pretty wild, this fact. There's a bracket here,
 an extra bit of info for your fact, you and which is that this was a speech by Lord Mollsworth.
 People who committed parasite were stitched into the sack with a rooster, a monkey, and a dog.
 I think that was an ancient Rome, wasn't it? Yeah. I don't think it was in 1720s London.
 I know it was. I know it was. I mean, it is 300 years ago, but that's, that feels like it.
 Yeah, that was definitely an ancient thing. Okay. Well, congratulations to you,
 Ewan. And the next one is now under the custodianship of Jen Sykes. And Jen, this is your fact.
 It is that there are three times as many estate agents in the UK as members of the armed forces.
 Yes. Who could have brought that fact to the table? Who likes warfare. It's mine. It's my fact.
 Congratulations, Jen. This is a great fact. And excitingly, I imagine it'll have only the ratio
 will have only improved if you're a estate agent or or got worse if you remember the armed forces.
 Since then, because this was about 10 years ago. So yeah, I don't think the army's doubled in size
 in the last 10 years. Was this the the fact where Dan told us about how his wife made him hide his
 cocoa pops in the washing machine? Yeah. I feel like it was because maybe you were selling your house
 and people would come round and your wife didn't want people to know that there was an adult in there.
 It was cheating cocoa pops. Yeah, possibly, possibly is, is then that was the wildest
 guess where I came. I've ever had to play in my house. Everything was not where it should have been
 because it's a risk. It is a risk that if you have a viewing of your flat and someone opens the
 washing machine. Yes, they wouldn't do normally, but you never know people like to tie covers of
 things. They look at it and see cocoa pops and they think, well, this person's very unstable. I'm not
 going to buy them. All you really do when you're buying a house is bang on the worktops a few times.
 Yeah. And then hit the wall and go, oh, that's a supporting wall. Yeah, ask if there's any ghosts.
 You need to know that. I'm going to get out of there. Okay, here's another fact. And this one
 is one of my ones. It's going out to Brian Kelly. It's the fact that in medieval manuscripts,
 there are hundreds of drawings of snails and knights fighting each other and nobody knows why.
 Oh, yeah, I remember this one. It's really cool. It's really cool. In the margins of all these old books,
 there's these drawings of these battles going on, but it's just like a cultural meme, isn't it?
 Yeah. It's just sort of, that's the thing everyone's drawn in the last, in the books for the last
 hundred, hundred and two hundred years. Oh, it's the 6/7 of its day, basically. 6/7 of its day.
 Here's a fact that is now under the custodian ship of Leah Smallercomb. It's that the most
 painful place to be stung by a bee is inside your nostril. Oh, yes. What a great fact. Yes.
 And that's because someone actually tried it out, right? Yeah. There was a student called Michael Smith
 who let bees sting him all over his body and rated, which was the most painful. Things we do for
 science. What heroes? Well, how, how precise do you want to get with it, though? Because I don't
 know if the student said, right, so test, I've done testicle, but I've only done top of testicle.
 Yeah. I'd better do mid-testicle, base of testicle, being stung by a bee. How scientific are we getting here?
 Probably there is work to be done from another scientist now, and building on Michael's work.
 That could be you. If you're at university and you're looking for something for your PhD,
 find yourself a bee. Yeah. If it's not mid-blow job, you could get it to, oh my goodness. I've just
 looked up Michael's study. He said he was carrying the work done by the Schmidt Sting Pain Index,
 which is all about different kinds of insect. Michael's study said the pain was rated on a one-to-ten
 scale relative to an internal standard, the forearm. So the forearm is your baseline. Okay.
 The three least painful locations were the skull, middle toe tip, and upper arm. The three most painful
 locations were the nostril, upper lip, and penis shaft. I mean, when you say penis shaft, it does
 imply that other parts have been tried. Otherwise, you would just say penis. Yeah, exactly.
 Okay. Well, here's another fact. This one is now under the custodianship of Stephen Winfield.
 Stephen, your new fact that you have to look after for saking all others is this one. Walt Disney's
 favorite breakfast was fresh donuts. Don't is scotch whiskey. Lovely. Yes. Wow. That was one of mine.
 We had a great chat about Disney and that one. It was the fact, I think, James that you found,
 which is the story that you went into crygenics to look after his body. Oh, yeah. He could be
 woken up one day, but you found that's not true. I think we all know that's not true. But what James
 found is that actually the one bit of his body that he did used to put on ice was his testicles,
 and that was that part of his self. I think it was you James. It was after he deliberately had a
 beast in them. The idea was I think it was a fertility idea that when him and his wife were trying
 to conceive, they said, put balls on ice. So he used to do that a lot. Yeah. There is the theory,
 which I don't think is true, which is that Disney's frozen was given that name so that when people
 Google frozen Disney, they don't get stories of his cryogenesis. It's a beautiful theory if it's
 not true. Like it's just a wonderful connection that's not as bad. And that's why the song Let It Go. He's
 talking to the people who keep spreading this room. He's like, let it go, guys. Let it go. See? I
 don't think that's a, you've built on the theory. Yeah. They're called never bothered by testicles,
 anyway. Okay. We got time for a couple more. Yeah. Let's do a couple more. This is going to bet.
 It's an Andrew Hunter Murray fact. Shouting at drivers improves their driving. Let's try and buy it.
 Watch the road. I cover stuff. Shouting at drivers improves. Was this presumably some kind of study?
 Yeah. It's a study in Kenya. They have lots of buses which crash quite frequently. All they
 certainly did at the time. And I think they put up stickers inside the buses saying, if your driver
 is driving erratically, please share it with them. Oh, right. That's what they're shouting.
 What are they shouting here? Yeah. There's a tradition that has to be adhered by Japanese train
 drivers that I read about where they have to point at things while they're driving as a way of
 maintaining their concentration. Really? Yeah. So you would point to the sign and read it out as well,
 I think. Right. And the idea is that you just don't get monotonous sleep kind of half asleep because
 you're just doing the same thing over and over again. You have to go Osaka. But surely driving a
 high tech Japanese train these days is much like brain surgery and that you just, you know,
 program in the destination and then you just sit back and fall asleep. You think so? Yeah,
 you think. Yeah, there's more to it. Well, cool. Congratulations to Beth. I'll do one. This one
 goes out to Ali ML. Ali, your fact is that the French used to call arsenic succession powder
 because it was used in so many murders. Yes. Le Poudre du Succession. I'm not just
 clumsily assuming that that's what it is. I'm pretty sure that's what the French phrase is.
 Very cool. It was Ann Miller's fact, wasn't it? Because it was an area that she was
 particularly interested in at the time. Yes. And as we know, it's always wonderful to hear
 a Scottish person say, Mardad. Mardad. And will I say what? She wasn't interested in murdering her
 husband. It was that she was into her crime novels and not her first husband who sadly passed away
 in the accident and the second through fifth husbands as well. But now she's happy with Javier and
 there's no need to refer to any of those remarkably strange accidents. Anyway, so congratulations,
 Ali. That's a fact for you. And congratulations to all of the fact custodians today.
 Beth, Ali, Stephen, Leah, Brian, Jen, Yuan and Vicki. Those of you who have signed up and haven't
 had your shout out yet, it is coming. As I say, we've had a bit of a rush on. Sorry about that. We're
 going to try and do them as as speedily as is decent, but also in a way that remains fun for you,
 the listener. If you would like to join as a friend of the podcast, just go to patreon.com/nosuchthingasaffish.
 And you can have a look there and for all sorts of things like ad free episodes and bonus content.
 And all of that. It's all there and it's a great club to be part of. But that's it for this
 episode of Little Fish. We'll be back again in a week's time with another one. And we'll be back
 in three days time with the main show. Unless, of course, you're doing club fish already in which case
 there'll be a drop of the line at some point in the next one. So we'll see you soon as the point
 we're trying to make. Thanks very much for listening. We'll see you next time. Bye now.
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
