 [Bell]
 Hello, and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish" a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Coburn, Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with Andrew Hunter Murray, James Harkin, and Anna Jizinski.
 And once again, we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days, and in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Andy.
 My fact is that in Britain alone, unnecessary emails create nearly 24,000 tons of carbon every year.
 Wow. Yeah.
 See, and you guys always give me crap for not replying to my emails.
 I'm the most environmentally conscious of us.
 To be fair, Dan, the number of emails that you send, which are completely pointless, outweighs the fact that you don't send many.
 Yeah, you're actually, we often don't get emails in reply to the important stuff from you, and then we'll be like, "Dan must be away from his computer."
 And then suddenly you'll be like, "Hey, guys, did you see this ridiculous meme? No one gives a shit about this."
 Okay, I can't listen. I didn't like this.
 How has you not?
 I've just gone against what I was hoping I would be. So what this is, this is a calculation done by an energy company called OVO.
 And they looked at the carbon footprint of an email, basically.
 So the figures vary, but it varies between one gram and three or four grams. It's not very much.
 But they did also look at how many unnecessary emails are sent each day.
 For example, people writing back to just say, "Thanks." And sending that email through the system.
 Is that unnecessary?
 Well, it depends how good your manners are, I guess. But if we're agreeing that that's a sort of superfluous thing, then what they want us to do is to add a little signature to our door emails, saying something like, "This is a thanks in advance."
 Now that sounds really passive to me.
 It's like, "Hey, Andy, can you please do your QI scripts by the end of the week, thanks in advance."
 Sounds like I've said, "You better bloody hell do it."
 Yeah.
 That's a really good point.
 It'll be better than what you normally so, which is you better bloody hell don't you.
 But the really cool thing about this research is that the men who advise them on this is a man called Mike Berners-Lee.
 And you might know that surname. He's the brother of Tim Berners-Lee, who invented the World Wide Web.
 Yeah.
 Can we just quickly go through how it does it?
 So is it carbon or carbon dioxide? Is it from big servers processing the information?
 It's from all these things. So it's from, for example, using electricity in the first place.
 The cost of running a computer network, the cost of keeping all the data on servers and travelling across the planet.
 So the whole thing, you know, using your computer while it's on to send us email.
 It's very hard to quantify, obviously, but there's a rough figure.
 And the calculations, they depend on how important that email is a little bit.
 Because let's say I send an email back to Andy just saying, "Thanks, on low."
 Now you don't spend much time reading it.
 And so it means that it doesn't use up as much electricity.
 And it's so it means that the carbon footprint is lower.
 So for instance, over 70% of emails are sent to spam.
 But they only use up 22% of your carbon footprint.
 And that's because you hardly ever read them.
 And they go straight into your junk folder and then get deleted.
 So it's like a one-way system.
 It's only the making of it that uses carbon.
 Unless you're over the age of 78 and you're a woman living alone.
 It's just donated to a million phony charities so far.
 This Mike Berners-Lee has written a book about carbon footprints.
 And the amount of carbon used for lots of different things.
 It's called How Bad Are Bananas, the carbon footprint of everything.
 And one thing that is bad as well as bananas was the 2010 World Cup,
 which he says cost was 2.8 million tons of CO2.
 And to put that into perspective, it's the equivalent of every man, woman, and child in the UK having 20 cheeseburgers.
 Oh, that's the same amount.
 In terms of obesity rates or anything.
 In terms of carbon usage.
 Yeah, exactly. The amount of carbon.
 Or 6,000 space shuttle flights.
 Got football low cup.
 But it's a good well cup.
 Right.
 Don't be worth it.
 Mike writes a lot of articles online as well.
 So he has an article series that's called What's the Carbon Footprint of?
 Dot, dot, dot.
 So it's things like the carbon footprint of, say, the Iraq war.
 He's looked at all the numbers and made an estimate.
 And then this one's a bit of a guilty sort of, you don't need this really.
 The carbon footprint of the heart bypass operation.
 I don't think you need to be thinking about offsetting when you're on your way in.
 It's going to end up being too hard by passes, isn't it?
 If you wake up and they go, do you know how many flies you've ruined with that?
 There's 1.1 tons.
 Wow.
 Is that bad?
 Yeah.
 It's not, it's not any carbon footprint. It's not great.
 It's all relative.
 It is a, you know, a lot of modern life.
 If you think about one email is one grab.
 Right. Okay. That's good perspective.
 Yeah. But if you, obviously, if you sent an email saying,
 can I book a heart bypass in, then that's only adding to the footprint.
 Yeah.
 So here's one.
 If you have a BLT sandwich and you want to lower your carbon footprint,
 which one ingredient should you throw away the bacon?
 Yeah.
 Throw away the bacon.
 It's the tomato.
 The tea.
 Whoa.
 It's the tea.
 Okay. This is nuts.
 Tomatoes require so much heating and lighting of greenhouses
 that apparently their carbon footprint is higher than the bacon.
 No way.
 Which I find extraordinary.
 No.
 But what if I just get my tomato from a very hot country, many, many miles away,
 and it just gets flown over by jet?
 That's a great pie.
 Does it need to be greenhouse?
 Is it a private jet that your tomato is being flown in?
 Just one tomato.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah. It's one small bunch.
 One little box.
 I mean, that I can't, that is amazing.
 I find extraordinary.
 There are a few sort of counterintuitive ones.
 I apparently, a New Zealand lamb.
 If you imported a New Zealand lamb to England to use,
 there's less carbon output than a British lamb because the rearing is so much more
 that even if you include the shipping, the lamb is far less if it comes from New Zealand.
 Really?
 And it's not just because the natural climate requires less input.
 Yeah, it must be just all the procedures that they're doing.
 Because I would have thought that lambs are not that hard to read.
 They're one of the few things that the British climate is okay with rearing,
 but that's a particular common input.
 Lamb and beef do have, they're the two highest meats with,
 although that's, I think that's total ecological impact, but a lot of that's carbon.
 But I'm amazed that the New Zealand lamb is somehow requiring less carbon.
 I mean, they send a lot less emails done they in New Zealand with the lambs.
 It's mostly just lesser writing for the lamb still.
 Do you know what the third meat is?
 So the first beef.
 Beef lamb.
 Second is lamb.
 Pork?
 I actually think the second is pork.
 Okay.
 And this thing has a bigger carbon footprint than lamb.
 Chicken.
 No, it's crustaceans.
 So I can't believe this.
 I always think crustaceans is such an ethical thing to eat in proportion to other meat,
 but they use a huge amount of fuel compared to other seafood.
 So most seafood has a carbon footprint, a bit like chicken,
 but shellfish is up there with beef in terms of its footprint.
 I'm so delighted.
 I only hate it, don't you?
 I hate eating crustaceans, but it's just because I'm a bit fatty.
 And now I can say it's because I want to save the environment.
 Oh god, as if you didn't have enough moral high ground.
 Do you know one thing that has an insanely high carbon footprint?
 One practice.
 I mean lots.
 Having asthma.
 Is that because you're breathing out lots of carbon dioxide all the time?
 It's not that.
 It's not that.
 Okay, again, I don't feel comfortable causing people with asthma to hyperventilate with guilt.
 No, no, no, no.
 I used to have asthma, and I don't have it anymore.
 Is that an ecological position?
 No, but I did use to have it.
 I used to have those, you know, inhalers.
 Yeah.
 And you know, they use a gas called hydroflora alcan, which is a propellant.
 That's what squirts the medicine out, you know, it's like a little gas cartridge.
 Those inhalers account for 4% of the NHS greenhouse gas expenditure.
 Those inhalers alone, 4%.
 Isn't that massive?
 So if you replaced one in 10 of those inhalers, you would reduce carbon dioxide equivalent emissions by 58,000 tonnes.
 What can replace them with, do they have like eco ones?
 There are other ecological ones, which some people can have, I think, not everyone.
 But yeah, 58,000 tonnes, just to replace one in 10 of those, you would say.
 Wow.
 That would say.
 The NHS actually had an incredible carbon mistake quite recently, didn't they?
 To speaking of them.
 So did you read about this?
 It had an email storm in 2016, where 186 million useless emails ended up being sent.
 So this is, the history of email storms is so fun.
 So basically, this apparently is the industry term for when someone accidentally sends an email to a huge mailing list.
 And in this case, it was the IT guy who was sending a test email.
 He sent it to 1.2 million employees.
 And then they all replied all, saying, please unsubscribe me from this list.
 And then there are other ones who replied all, saying, stop replying all, everyone, stop replying all.
 And eventually it ended up being 186 million emails.
 And I believe it took down the NHS mail system.
 There was a very funny quote from Spokesperson, the NHS digital Spokesperson, who said,
 some users have experienced short delays in the NHS mail system this morning, but the issue has been resolved.
 But she did have to dictate that over the phone because her email still wasn't working.
 Wow, wow.
 So next time the NHS gives you shit about your heart by pass.
 2016, mate.
 There's a guy called Joey M.
 He's lives in Rhode Island.
 And he has the world record, most number of unread emails in his inbox.
 Oh wait, can we guess?
 Yeah.
 In the thousands.
 What?
 2000, I'm right.
 I'm pretty sure these two, that's me.
 Okay.
 58 million.
 Can I go, can I go ridiculous, say a billion?
 A billion.
 I can say a billion.
 Four billion.
 Wow!
 294 million, 967,256.
 And he evidenced it by uploading a video onto recordsetter.com, which allows you to,
 if you think you've done more keepy upies than anyone else, you can put a video on this site.
 Yeah.
 And he showed it on his phone, just deleting one message to get down.
 So just over four billion.
 Oh, what?
 But isn't that amazing?
 It's a lot of mailing lists.
 Does he work for the NHS?
 And there was a survey done by Adobe, quite recently, about emails that says 55% of people,
 whenever they get to zero inbox, say it's relieving, 22%, say it's amazing, and 10%, say it's impossible.
 And the only reason I bring up this survey is because they categorise people into boomers,
 Gen X millennials and Gen Z, and they put millennials starting in 1977, which makes me a millennial.
 Nice.
 So that's the other reason I bring up.
 As a long buildup to emphasise that you're a millennial.
 That was the price for the record.
 I was going to ask you about that skateboard you're holding.
 So just one weird bit of carbon news.
 So in 1981, Ronald Reagan made this speech, made this statement where he said,
 "Trees produce more pollution than automobiles."
 So he said that, and people thought, "Well, that's very funny," and probably some idiots believed him,
 and he probably set the world back by about 100 years.
 But he said this, "But trees do emit greenhouse gases."
 So they emit loads of methane, and we've only just discovered this.
 It was in 2014, there was this huge methane surplus in the atmosphere.
 People didn't know where it was coming from.
 And this woman went to the Amazon and tested its trees and figured out they were all pumping out methane.
 They're all farting.
 They're all farting.
 All farting, tree thoughts, and the atmosphere.
 But this isn't a problem, is it?
 It's definitely, definitely offset by the amount of CO2 that they're absorbing.
 And so we don't want to get rid of the trees.
 Guys, trees are good thumbs up, but it is a thing that we need to work out why they're doing it.
 And so it might be more in wetlands, which have a lot of methane within them that they're pumping out.
 So maybe we don't plant trees on big piles of methane, for instance.
 Right.
 Hey, remember we had that fact a long, long time ago about every tree.
 I think it's in Melbourne that has an email address.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, that's a bit of a...
 Oh my god, they're really shooting themselves in the tree, aren't they?
 Okay, it's time for fact number two.
 And that is James.
 Okay, my fact this week is that hot dogs are called hot dogs because people used to think they contain dog.
 And did they?
 No, don't think so.
 No, I don't think so.
 So this is something I read in the Oxford English Dictionary.
 The word hot dog appears to be college slang from America in the late 19th century.
 And according to the OED, who cite the Oxford companion to food and drink and the historical dictionary of American slang.
 The reason people called them hot dogs is one, they were hot.
 And two, they had this weird meat that they didn't know where it quite came from.
 And it might as well come from dogs come from anywhere else.
 Okay.
 In fact, I think that it could have been in there.
 So I got two into these three people called Gerald Leonard Cohen.
 And I'd buy, I don't think he's related, a Barry Poppig.
 And David Shulman, who have devoted over 20 years of their life to working out the roof, the phrase hot dog.
 And so they're into it.
 And Gerald Leonard Cohen says that scandalous but true, some butchers even hired dog killers in the US who were going club some dogs and stuff them in sausages.
 Even though it wasn't legit, he's found some instances of that and then they'd sell the carcass to the butcher.
 And yeah, I think what was 1884 that they started calling sausages dogs and then they added the hot in the 1890s.
 I read a bit about Gerald Leonard Cohen and Barry Poppig.
 They've written a 300 page book about the origin of the phrase hot dog.
 And he does this, he publishes his own journal which is called comments on etymology.
 The circulation is under 100, you have to write to him and send him money and he will then send you a copy of this thing.
 He wants wrote 167 page paper on just the word jazz.
 He is a serious etymologist.
 And he is, we should say, also a professor.
 So he's a professor for our languages at a university so he does make an income other than from these hundreds of writers.
 But he said, I think he was interviewed and he said, what else am I going to do with my time?
 I'm going to go skiing, I'll probably get hurt. So I guess I've got to just research hot dogs for her.
 I'm supposed to go skiing this weekend.
 Well, I suggest you instead devote two decades to researching hot dogs origins.
 I reckon the first hot dogs must have been quite good actually because the phrase hot dog, which means like something which is really awesome,
 is only one year younger than the word hot dog meaning the food stuff.
 So they had hot dogs for one year and then people thought it was a word that meant this is great.
 That's Mickey Mouse's first words.
 Yeah, he goes hot dogs.
 He plural, he pluralises it.
 I'm so glad we've done this because I've always wondered in its wonderful life when the James Stewart character says hot dog.
 And it's when it's something totally unregistered hot dogs has happened.
 What's the name of this? He said hot.
 Some people were annoyed about it.
 So they started at one of the early sites.
 They were sold with Coney Island.
 Is that New Jersey?
 No, it's New York.
 New York.
 Sorry, it's Coney Island, New York.
 It was so annoyed by the association with hot dogs thinking they were a slightly lower class thing.
 That in 1913 the Chamber of Commerce passed a law forbidding the use of the phrase hot dog on signs.
 Really?
 You weren't allowed to have a sign up saying hot dog.
 I think it was not because of the implication that there might be dog meat in them.
 Slightly, yeah.
 What's that?
 Did you want that?
 So we were in New York not too long ago and I went for a walk one day to Central Park and hot dog vendors everywhere along the roads.
 And I was just reading that in order to park their hot dog vending machines in these spots, do you know what they pay?
 The prices there.
 So just to, should we have a guess?
 Yeah, just the American dollars just to be there.
 Per year or a year, let's say.
 Per year.
 Just to park there, I'm going to say it's probably in the region of $10,000 US dollars.
 I'm going to say about the same.
 15, let's say.
 15.
 I'd say they pay in kind and it's like 10 hot dogs a year.
 We lost it.
 Okay, so there was one guy who was parked on Fifth Avenue, East 62nd Street, very near Central Park.
 289,500.
 No.
 For his annual, yeah.
 And that's, that is, he's got to get that to break even obviously because he's got to push and then everything is proper from there.
 But they all managed to do it.
 Yeah.
 Because hot dogs in New York sell for $10,000.
 Exactly.
 That is quite a lot of money.
 Yeah, so on average, they have to pay the city $200,000 each year.
 I've never been to one of those stands and got a hot dog and I feel incredibly guilty that I've been driving these poor people out of business.
 Do you know one thing that doesn't have to park that is associated with hot dogs?
 Have you heard of the Weenemobile?
 Oh, I have maybe half.
 I'm not sure.
 I've never been for a ride in the Weenemobile.
 I haven't.
 Not a jack-up line.
 So, you know, Oscar Mayors, a big hot dog company, they have a fleet, a small fleet of Weenemobiles, which are cars shaped like hot dogs, which have been going since 1936.
 Obviously, they've changed them, you know.
 But basically, they were a huge promotional thing.
 So they would hand out hot dogs, small hot dogs, from inside the big hot dog, because the cars shaped like a hot dog.
 And they would hand out things called Weenow whistles to children.
 So that if a child ever saw the Weenemobile, they would blow their whistle and attract other children to come and get a hot dog.
 And they would have a sort of an ice cream van.
 You're getting the kid to do the job for you.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And they train their drivers at a place called Hot Dog High.
 And then, once you're in, like, Starfleet Academy for Hot Dog High, you drive around the country.
 It's mostly sort of students and things they hire.
 And you drive in pairs, and one person has to drive, and the other one has to wave to people, which is called Riding Shot Bun.
 Shot Bun?
 Yeah, and sometimes they let you in, and they ask you to fasten your meat belt.
 Wow, it's disgusting.
 I think someone's driving around, picking up children, and telling them to fasten their meat.
 It's a car-shaped, like a sausage.
 You're defenseless, guys.
 It's not looking good, mate.
 Yeah.
 But he blew up my Weenow whistle.
 There's only ever been one accident involving a Weenemobile, and one of them rammed into a house.
 Imagine that coming through the window.
 Yeah, it'd be like a bad ring ram, as well.
 Take the whole thing down.
 Another famous Hot Dog company in America is Nathan's.
 Okay.
 And that's a really good story about them.
 So there was another Hot Dog maker on Coney Island called Feltmans, and they were really, really huge and really, really popular.
 And they had what some people said was possibly the largest restaurant in the world, which just sold Hot Dogs.
 But then they had a guy who came to work for them, who was a Jewish immigrant from Poland called Nathan Handwerker.
 And Nathan Handwerker was working just slightly, I'd be like, what are you laughing at?
 To work. Handwerker's a funny name.
 Yeah, but he wasn't masturbating people.
 He was spending his week slicing buns.
 Okay, so he sounds like masturbating people.
 He was working as a bun slicer.
 And then he decided, well, what I'm going to do is I'm going to sell my own company.
 And he needed to get some money together.
 So he lived entirely on Hot Dogs for a year.
 He had nothing but Hot Dogs, and he slept on the kitchen floor of this place.
 So he got all the money together.
 And then eventually he started his own business and then undercut Feltmans by selling his Hot Dogs for half the price.
 And became what's quite synonymous, as well as Oscar Meyers and as well as Feltmans, but kind of synonymous with Hot Dogs in America now.
 Wow.
 But he didn't have to have quadruple heart bypass.
 Oh my god, the carbon, carbon.
 So that's the big competition, isn't it, in America?
 They have Nathan, it's called Nathan's Famous Hot Dog Eating Contest.
 And the men's champion is a man called Joey Chestnut, who's won it nine times.
 His all-time record is eating 74 Hot Dogs and Buns in 10 minutes.
 That's 7.4 a minute, if my master's correct.
 Yeah.
 And there's such rivalry in the...
 But you have to eat the buns as well, don't you?
 You have to eat the buns.
 What's he going to do with the buns? Otherwise you haven't eaten the hot dog eating the dog.
 Yeah, that's true.
 No, that's not hot. It's not a bread.
 It's not a bread. Oh, the bread's keeping this dog warm.
 It's not like a blanket.
 I'm on the Atkins start. I'll just have the dog, please.
 But the previous champion was this guy called Takeru Kobayashi from Japan.
 And no one had ever eaten more than, I can't remember what it was, like 20 or something.
 And then he walked on stage in 2001, he ate 50.
 It completely revolutionized the sport and the art.
 But what was his thing? You know in the Fosbury flop.
 You changed the way that you jumped over, the high jump.
 So one was his training method.
 His training method was he would practice drinking three gallons of water in 90 seconds,
 meaning that his stomach got used to expanding very quickly.
 Wow.
 Can I say, I tried to do that once and was extreme.
 Like, do not try that at home. Extremely sick.
 Send us your videos of you not trying it at home.
 Oh my goodness. I was just vomiting water for ages afterwards.
 And why did you rejoin to enter this competition?
 I was young and it was a bet.
 You're a millennial. That's the kind of crazy thing they do.
 So the other thing he did, he invented this method where you split each hot dog in two
 and you force both ends in your mouth at once.
 Because your mouth is wide enough for two hot dogs.
 I cannot believe that I thought of that before.
 What? I don't understand.
 So you chop each hot dog in half half way along, so you've got the two ends.
 And then you just shove both ends in your mouth at the same time.
 And they called this the Solomon method, which is an illusion to King Solomon
 because he wants threatened to split a baby in two in a biblical story.
 It is.
 Yeah.
 And it's a very high brow contest, isn't it?
 So you get a lot of these biblical in-classical references.
 Wow.
 Two parents were arguing over who got custody of a baby and Solomon said,
 "Well, we'll cut the baby in two."
 And then you guys get the whole thing in his mouth.
 No, no, you didn't. No one ate the baby.
 Baby eating contest. It's in John, part one.
 What was that?
 One of the parents said, "Oh, that's fine by me.
 You're a good idea. Let's split the baby in two."
 And the other one said, "No, don't do that."
 And then King Solomon said, "We usually probably have the baby."
 Is that what happens?
 That's right.
 I think that's right.
 Yeah.
 That's amazing, but so obvious.
 I would have split it.
 I don't want to claim that I would have won this competition,
 but I think it would have had a chance.
 Because obviously you put it in half and shove it in both sides.
 I would say into three parts.
 Well, I was just going to say, where do you stop?
 Is it possible to cut into three, four, five, six or seven parts?
 How wide is your mouth?
 Well, you're looking at me.
 The people at home don't have this option,
 but I don't think I could fit.
 In fact, I'm not sure I could fit, too, in mine.
 I'm not.
 No, I don't know.
 You're a two-man, three-max.
 I think there's a point at which there are diminishing returns
 from cutting your hot dogs into an increasing number of pieces
 before you put them in your mouth.
 Still with a knife and fork on the first hot dog.
 I'll have the competition.
 Those guys are going to feel so stupid as you cut it into the hundred pieces.
 I'm going to get this whole thing on my mouth.
 Do you know that the Pentagon used to have a hot dog stand?
 There was a rumor, which they tour guides still tell to this day
 when you get taken around Pentagon.
 It got taken down in 2006.
 But during the Cold War, apparently, the Russians were convinced
 that some amazing stuff was going their secretive conversations
 because people would meet there.
 So apparently, they had two missiles aimed at this hot dog stand
 the entire time of the Cold War.
 And that was the rumor, no one's ever--
 Imagine if the missile hit.
 How many pieces those hot dogs could be in?
 You've got to stuff them all that you've got.
 Still strategizing for the next tournament.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that the oldest recording we have of a poet
 reading his own poem is of Robert Browning,
 who forgets the words to the poem halfway through
 and ends the recording with an apology.
 That's amazing.
 So this was in April of 1889.
 There's only a few months before he died and Robert Browning--
 I think he was at a party and it was being held by the artist Rudolf Lehman.
 And he had with him one of those Edison wax cylinder talking machines
 and he got Robert Browning to recite his poem which was called
 "How they brought the good news from Ghent to X. I."
 No, it's X.
 Yeah, like X number once.
 Yeah.
 Andy was just doing his allergy impression.
 Hi.
 Hi.
 Is it really?
 Yeah, I did it.
 You should listen to it.
 I don't know why I memorized it when I was ten.
 Did you?
 I did.
 I had to do it for a recital competition and I--
 Oh, this actual poem, the Browning.
 Did you get through it without apologising?
 I did better than Browning did.
 Wow.
 I got through it and then I was rereading it and I was so ashamed
 at how little of it I could remember.
 I think they all I could remember is because it's such a good poem actually.
 It's done galloping.
 You never really know what the good news is.
 And it's got this great rhythm of horse.
 It's just galloping from Ghent to X.
 And all I remember is they galloped, galloped, we galloped all three.
 You know what?
 You're embarrassed that you couldn't remember much of it.
 I still think that's pretty impressive.
 I think you almost got further than Browning himself.
 That's right.
 No, you're right.
 And the pace, when you listen to him speak it and this is online.
 So if you go on YouTube and put this in, anyone listening can actually hear the man himself.
 It does feel like it's an old western.
 It's got this fantastic pace to it.
 But he only gets to a few lines in and he suddenly says, I'm most terribly sorry that I can't remember my own verses.
 But then ads, but the one thing I will remember all my life,
 is this astonishing sensation produced upon me by your wonderful invention.
 And then you hear people cheering for him in the background.
 It's a real politician's answer the way he says, I can't remember the poem.
 You specifically asked me to read, but one thing I can remember.
 It's an amazing pivot.
 It's incredible pivot.
 Yeah.
 And so one nice thing about it was that there were a lot of people recording at the time.
 But supposedly he was one of the first notable people to pass away.
 So soon after the recording, and it was a year after he died when they had a memorial for him
 that they played his voice at the memorial and they said it was like him coming back from the dead.
 It was this eerie thing that no one had ever experienced before.
 I think it was the first time that anyone's voice had been played or any more notable person anyway after they died,
 which that must have been pretty weird, right?
 Yeah.
 That must have been weird.
 But also, it's kind of embarrassing.
 I say, please don't play the recording right, cocked up after I'm dead on my anniversary.
 Yeah.
 It's true.
 It was pointing and laughing.
 Some of his relatives did say it was embarrassing, but they played it.
 Did they?
 Not everyone was happy that it was there.
 The fans.
 It was at a browning society gathering in London.
 They were all huddled around this.
 They were societies.
 There were societies decades before he died.
 Not maybe not decades, but certainly in the last decade before he died.
 There were people meeting up and he found that embarrassing.
 Oh, everyone was so embarrassed all the time.
 Because he was so popular, I think it was Westminster Abbey where his funeral was held.
 They got over a thousand applications and the dean of Westminster wrote saying,
 "Everyone has been trying to get into Browning's funeral.
 I've had to really limit it to people who had a really good reason to be there."
 Really?
 Do you know?
 Because he wasn't popular throughout most of his life.
 And then he did get very popular towards the end.
 And all these people wanted to go to his funeral.
 And also, he sparked a fashion for dressing in Brown.
 Did he?
 No.
 He did. Just after he died in America, he sparked a brief fashion for dressing up in Brown items of clothing.
 Just because he was called Browning.
 He didn't dress in Brown himself.
 No, it was just the name, yeah.
 Wow.
 How did they do when Dickens died?
 A lot of arrests.
 Do you have any more on that about how that came about?
 I know.
 I've only found it in one place.
 And sorry, it was before he died.
 It was 1979 to 1980 when he just released one of his very popular works.
 1979, wow.
 So that was just starting out there.
 It was 1879 to 1880 when he just released one of his popular works.
 Wow.
 His romance with Elizabeth Barrett Browning, who he became husband and wife.
 And she was way more famous to start with than him.
 It was really interesting because he started as a correspondence.
 And she was housebound.
 And she was invalid.
 And her father was extremely strict about who she didn't didn't see.
 Despite the fact she was also a famous poet, which I don't really understand.
 But he started writing to her and they started a passionate correspondence.
 And then they eloped and got married.
 And they had a son who they called Penn.
 He was actually called Robert as well.
 But they nicknamed him Penn.
 And that's all they called him.
 No, he was called Vydeman or Weedeman.
 Robert Weedeman.
 Yeah.
 But the reason they called him Penn is because he couldn't pronounce the word Weedeman as a baby.
 Well, that was a baby.
 We couldn't pronounce anything as a baby.
 They had massive arguments about how Penn should grow up.
 Did you read about these?
 No, no.
 So basically he wanted the child to grow up looking sort of very blokey, Victorian, you know,
 wearing trousers and having his hair cut short.
 And she wanted petticoats and shoulder length ringlets of hair.
 And she won, maybe because she was more famous or more authoritative.
 But basically until the child was 10, he wore petticoats.
 And then as soon as she died, when Penn was 10 years old,
 Robert had the child's hair cut really short.
 Yeah, okay.
 So I'm pronouncing it differently.
 There was a big bone of contention between them.
 But he turned out quite different to what she would have wanted then because he,
 so he did have this quite fade upbringing.
 And he slept in her room until he was 12.
 And I thought, I thought, hang on, I thought Elizabeth Browning died when he was 10.
 And you're saying it was a really tragic last two years.
 Really.
 Very traumatising for him.
 Well, I've gotten until he was 12.
 Okay.
 So we'll fact check that.
 He ended up this real kind of, well, what is described in one of his biography,
 in one of Browning's biographies, as a beefy and berry middle-aged man in Nicarbockers
 with a reputation for promiscuity.
 And also his home, his house was just a filthy pigstie.
 He had people around for parties.
 And so his house was nicknamed the Palazzo pigstie.
 The pigstie palace.
 And well, he was called Penn.
 Yeah.
 It's like a pigpen.
 Oh, yeah.
 Penn's pigpen.
 So he was.
 He was a painter.
 But I think not a great one.
 And apparently, his contract for painting for a luxurious female nude
 did not encourage sales in Victorian England.
 Well, he was a sculptor, too.
 Oh, was he?
 Yeah, one of his very few sculpted works is of a woman communing with a python.
 And it's quite sexy.
 It's called Driope or Driope Fascinated by Apollo.
 But during the sculpting process, the python tried to strangle the model that he got.
 And he then had to shoot it.
 Oh, my God.
 The python.
 Yes.
 Wow.
 I know.
 Do they have a paint portrait outtakes?
 That would have been just a stunning.
 It's interesting.
 The idea of his voice coming back from the death at his funeral, I find interesting.
 Because he was one of the people who was very against spiritualism.
 He used to sit on salances because Elizabeth was really into salances.
 And this was the time where Arthur Conan Doyle was into it and so on.
 And Houdini.
 And Houdini was again.
 Houdini was a skeptic.
 He was a skeptic.
 They just sound like all the most famous people in the world where it sounds like you just go along to a normal sale,
 to hoping to speak to a relative.
 And then suddenly, Houdini stands up and Arthur Conan Doyle stands up to be a brownings there.
 Well, they were going for the rich people, weren't they?
 Yeah.
 The mediums.
 Well, this was a very famous medium.
 It was called Daniel Dungless.
 Hume.
 Daniel Dungless.
 Daniel Dungless.
 And Dungless wasn't.
 He was Daniel Hume and he added Dungless.
 And so.
 And it's so weird, isn't it, because it looks like it's a misprint of Dungless.
 It really does.
 And he was, he was someone who was very famous back in the day.
 And he used to do all these salances.
 And one salancy did was with the brownings and they were sitting there.
 And he was really skeptical, Robert.
 And Elizabeth was really into it.
 And Daniel Dungless suddenly said, your son who passed away who was very young is here with us.
 And there was an apparition that was, that was near them.
 And they were like, oh my god, this is amazing.
 And it's so great.
 Browning went, this is not, this is not my son.
 And he grabbed the apparition.
 And it was Hume's naked foot.
 That was hanging in the air.
 Yeah.
 Such a good story.
 It was a bare foot and then he was going, ooh.
 Very embarrassing.
 Literally put his foot in it.
 Wait, the thing was, he didn't have a son.
 No, he didn't have a son.
 Yeah, there was no dead son.
 At least do your research as a medium.
 Do the very basic research.
 If you're going to claim the dead sons come back, make sure there's a dead son.
 Yeah, especially when the people around the table are really famous.
 And he could probably have just gone onto Wikipedia and check.
 Every QI person's favourite poem by Robert Browning is Pippa Passes.
 And that's because it contains the lines.
 Sing to the bats, sleek sisterhoods, full compliance with gallantry, then owls and bats, cows and twats,
 munks and nuns in a cloister's moods.
 And this is because he thought that the word 'twat' was a kind of headdress worn by a nun.
 He had taken this from a 1660s satirical poem called Vanity of the Vanities,
 which says they talked of having a cardinal's hat.
 They'd sent him a soon an old nun's twat.
 And he'd read that and thought, well, they could only be talking about a headdress.
 It can't be anything else.
 So it must be that.
 And he'd put it in his, imagine putting it in your own purse.
 So good.
 And what's great is, we only reason we know that is the OED itself chased him up to say,
 do you have some sort of secret etymology about this that we don't know of?
 Nope, nope, just onto that.
 Did the OED tell him, you know what you've done here?
 Well, they must have said we're approaching you because 'twat' doesn't mean that.
 Or they might have just said, we're interested in you all.
 Yeah.
 Anyone who heard that poem, the very first time he read it out has gone to him.
 Robert, did you just say nun's twat?
 He doesn't need to wait for the OED to come over.
 He's a laughingstock of the whole town.
 Oh, but for a while he would have been going through his town going,
 Oh, lovely twat, because he pointed to a nun's head.
 It's so annoying, because it's such a good word for rhyming with things.
 Yeah, you're right.
 Yeah.
 Oh, here's the poem.
 Oh, actually, you could have said hats.
 There you go.
 It would have worked.
 The meaning would have been the same.
 Perfect.
 Robert.
 Apparently he's, well, I mean, so his poems at the time were known for being kind of impenetrable
 and impossible to understand.
 And, you know, really great poets read them and did not get what he was on about.
 So Tennyson said of his poem "Saudello," which was an early one before he'd become a bit more accessible.
 Tennyson said he only understood the first and last lines of the entire thing.
 The first line is, who will, as in who will read this, who will may hear Saudello's story told?
 And the last line is, who would has read Saudello's story told?
 And the in between was nonsense.
 And then Henry James, another great author he would have thought would understand most things,
 said he was comforted on hearing, browning, read his poems in a self to an audience that,
 at least if you don't understand them, he apparently understands them even less.
 Wow.
 Henry James wrote some of the most complicated sentences in the whole of English literature.
 He's so hard to read, and if he didn't get browning.
 But browning's like, why did Henry James come up to me and call me a nuns?
 Okay, it's time for our final fact of the show, and that is Chazinski.
 My fact this week is that in 1948 in Idaho, left over World War II parachutes,
 were used to drop beavers out of airplanes.
 For any particular reason?
 No, just one.
 Just, yeah, why not?
 You know, you've got to do something.
 So this was post-war, and people were feeling kind of related in America,
 because they won, and they started moving to this place in Idaho called Payette Lake,
 near a place called McCool, and there were beavers there.
 And beavers get in the way of humans sometimes, because they sort of built dams,
 they disrupt water flows, and they just change the surrounding environment.
 So the people wanted them out.
 And there was this guy called Elmo Hater, who worked for Idaho.
 He really did not like Sesame Street, did he?
 It was spelled differently, but he did have a problem with puppets.
 He worked for Idaho Fish and Game Association,
 and he knew of a place called Chamberlain Basin, 200 miles away,
 which he thought perfect for beavers.
 And he also knew that World War II had just ended, and there were all these leftover parachutes.
 So he was like, let's marry the two.
 Okay.
 And he did, well, he tried, he actually tried taking them to this place by horse and carriage
 for a horse and cart, because there were no roads going between the two destinations.
 And the horses hated the beavers.
 So apparently horses, if you put two beavers on their cart, they freak out.
 Did you really?
 His phrase about it.
 No.
 You write this gorgeous phrase.
 He said horses and mules become spooky and quarrelsome when loaded
 with a struggling, odorous pair of live beavers.
 Spooky and quarrelsome.
 Spooky and quarrelsome.
 So the horses didn't like the beavers.
 Beavers didn't like the horses.
 And so this guy dropped them in boxes into the forest and said.
 Yeah.
 Have you seen the footage of it?
 Yes.
 It's awesome.
 Yeah.
 So this was only uncovered quite recently, right?
 So it was lost for a long time.
 It was footage, but no one knew where it was.
 It's been uncovered a few years back, I think.
 And you see the beaver being packed into this box, which is a sort of bite-proof box.
 It's not locked down.
 So the idea is that they're sort of holding it shut.
 And the weight of heading towards the ground is what's holding it shut.
 As soon as they land, it can open up and the leaver can get out.
 But they don't drop from a high height.
 It's a really quick descent.
 It's like only a hundred feet.
 So it's really crazy.
 Yeah.
 Have no idea how they survive the impact.
 Well, they were very happy.
 I think there were 76 that were dropped and 75 survived.
 And it was because they tried it.
 There was a set of story.
 Oh.
 Oh.
 That one, it was very sad.
 That one somehow jumped up.
 Okay, open the lid of the box.
 Open the lid.
 Open the lid.
 Yeah.
 But they had one training beaver.
 They did.
 They called Geronimo.
 And they would...
 I think that Geronimo has the record for the beaver who's done the most parachute drops in the world.
 I think even if he'd only done it twice, that would be a record.
 That's a lot for the most parachute drops from a beaver.
 But he was this hard.
 I'm not sure if you told him that now.
 You mean I didn't have to do it.
 There's under 350 times.
 In fact, I'd argue if Geronimo had only done it once, he would have had the jite record.
 Well, he was this old tough old male.
 And they thought he's going to be a practice dummy.
 They used dummies first and then they thought we need a live one.
 And every time he climbed out of the box, someone picked him up.
 And then eventually he got so used to it that as soon as they saw him approaching,
 he crawled back into the box of his own accord.
 Ready for the next jump.
 It's so sweet.
 It's time for that.
 Beavers are cool, are they?
 So cool.
 Right, love beavers.
 You love most about them.
 Well, one thing is this stuff I didn't know about called castorium.
 I've been pronouncing that right.
 What, they're anal secretions.
 Where that says, what do you love most about beavers?
 They're anal secretions.
 So it's, right, let's just clear this up.
 It's not anal.
 Is it not?
 It's not their anal.
 It's just extremely near their anal.
 Is it?
 They have these glands.
 And if you lift up the tail, it's really close to the bum.
 And it produces a kind of scent.
 It's this kind of brown slime.
 It's not feces.
 It's just very near the feces.
 But it smells heavenly.
 And there was a, it smells so good.
 And it's a product of their diet of the bark and leaves.
 And it's very hard to get hold of.
 You have to knock a beaver out and then basically milk its anus.
 It's not the anal, it's not the anal.
 It's not the anal, it's not the anal.
 You're milking it wrong, no.
 No, it wasn't castar and beavers.
 What's all the slime I've got?
 But it's, it used to be used to flavour vanilla.
 It used to be a legitimate product.
 And it's, so NPR investigated whether it's still used.
 And it turns out that there is a snaps in Sweden, which does still use it.
 Really?
 But it's so expensive to produce, because there's only a limited number of beavers.
 And the global consumption these days is only about 132 kilos a year.
 So what's your favourite thing about beavers?
 No, you've stolen the castorium thing.
 This is a disaster.
 My favourite thing is related.
 It's the beaver myth that was pervasive for about over a thousand years.
 Which is that if you're hunting a beaver, it would bite off its testicles and throw them at you.
 And then run away.
 And people just used to think this.
 Definitely a myth.
 Do you know what?
 I don't have any first-hand proof that it doesn't happen.
 I think we assume it's a myth now.
 This came up in a text called a physiologous in the second century AD.
 And it's based on the same thing, the castorium glands, which people thought were its testicles.
 Because they look very similar to testicles.
 And people used this delicious smelling fragrance as medicine and there's various other things.
 I think women used to sniff it like snuff.
 And so beavers knew this is the idea.
 And they were like, "Well, this guy's hunting me. He only wants my testicles."
 So he'd bite them off and chuck them at the hunter.
 And then the hunter would give up.
 And as the myth went, if the hunter continued chasing the beaver would turn around,
 display his antitestical area.
 And be like, "Look, there's nothing for you here."
 That's really interesting.
 Because I read an article that said that the 17th century beavers' testicles were used to cure toothache.
 And when minced, they added delicate flavour to tobacco.
 But now I realise it's not the testicles, is it?
 Yeah, no.
 It's these anal glands.
 It is. And I think the Algonquins, another American...
 Native American tribes used to have it in tobacco, because it made it taste delicious.
 In fact, I believe they used to be...
 It used to be used to flavour camel cigarettes.
 And a few other types of cigarettes.
 I think they used to use castorium.
 Yeah, camels and winstens.
 That was it.
 Yeah.
 Used to have beavers' accretia.
 How many beavers would you have to knock out and milk to get this stuff?
 It just is amazing.
 I mean, there must have been a lot of...
 I think there were a lot more back in the day.
 I'm surprised they called it camels if you're getting the good stuff from the beavers.
 Yeah, that's true.
 You've been sucking on a beaver.
 Damn, your favourite thing about beavers?
 That's a Robert Browning poem, isn't it?
 Sucking on a beaver.
 Yeah, but he did think it was a lawyer's sleeve.
 Damn, favourite thing about beavers?
 I like that they have a second set of lips.
 So they've got their normal lips just hanging out there in the front.
 And they've got their teeth.
 And then they've got another set of lips.
 Yeah, sitting right behind.
 No.
 Yeah, and it's for when they've gone underwater and they've picked up a nice bit of wood.
 And they're coming back up.
 So obviously they've got to bite into the wood, but you bite into the wood.
 Your lips are open.
 You're letting the water in.
 Second set of lips.
 You stop the water coming into your body.
 It's a classic.
 How much lipstick must they get through?
 Hi there.
 Because do you remember in the bee series of QI, we were looking into beavers.
 And we sent Molly Oldfield a good friend to look into what beavers lips look like.
 And she went on to the internet and Googled it.
 No.
 And she suddenly was less innocent than she was at the start of the day.
 Do you think base one and base two and base three and base four?
 Do you think base one for beavers is snogging their first lips?
 Base two is snogging their second lips.
 And then I think you'd have two base threes as well.
 Base three is she showed me her nuns head gear.
 Hang on, James.
 What's your favourite thing about beavers?
 I thought you'd never ask.
 You've been asking all of us.
 I know.
 Let me think.
 You must be so confident you have an obscure one that you allow three beavers.
 I don't.
 Okay, what about this?
 My favourite is the movie "Zombievers".
 Of course.
 Yes, he's done it.
 He's done it.
 Which I found on IMDb, which is about zombie beavers.
 What I like about it is they mentioned in the script about a Guiardia lamblier parasite,
 which is actually, beavers actually have it.
 And they used to think that it gave people something called beaver fever.
 It might actually do it.
 It can infect you.
 I saw a review of it that says, "Zombievers is not a total wash and seen at night
 under the right combination of low expectations and controlled substances.
 It may even seem better than it really is."
 And also, when I went onto IMDb, it said that people who like zombie beavers will also like
 "Zombies", which is when a strange virus quickly spreads through a safari park
 and turns all the zoo animals into zombies.
 Oh, zoo beavers.
 Oh, zoo beavers.
 I thought it was going to be a zombie bee.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Well, actually, spoiler alert, at the end credits, after the end credits of Zombievers,
 there's a brief segment that shows a bee feeding on the corpse of a beaver
 and the bee flies back to its hive and the implication is that it's become a Zombie.
 Brilliant.
 We were in a sequel.
 That's so exciting.
 Yeah.
 The ruin film for me.
 I won't watch it now.
 It's my night ruined.
 One other thing about beavers.
 For a beaver, the days in winter are longer than they are in the summer.
 For a beaver.
 What?
 What?
 They're nocturnal.
 Is that it?
 Yes, they are nocturnal, but that's not why.
 Imagine if James was just trying to make the idea of a nocturnal animal just sound really
 exciting suddenly.
 How can we rebrand this?
 Repackage it.
 This is literal, as literally the days are longer in the winter.
 And that is because they live underground in the dams in winter.
 And without any signals from nature, they don't know when the sun's going up and when the
 sun's going down.
 And so their circadian rhythm changes and they end up living on 27-hour days in the winter
 when they're living inside their dams.
 And then when they come up in the summer, they live on normal days because of the sun going
 up and down.
 Wow.
 Isn't that amazing?
 I cannot believe that given that, that Zombievers was your favourite thing about beavers.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can be found on our Twitter accounts.
 I'm on @tribaland, Andy, @andruhuntarev, James, @jamesharkin, and Anna.
 You can email us.qy.com.
 Yep.
 You can go to our group account, which is @nosuchthing, or our website "nosuchthing" is
 a fish.com.
 We got everything up there from our previous episodes.
 We don't have upcoming tour dates, but we have a video of us on tour.
 If you want to see that, it's called Behind the Gills.
 Do download that.
 We'll be back again next week.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 They've got married, and they had a son who they called Penn.
 Yeah.
 He was actually called Robert as well, but they nicknamed him Penn, and that's all they
 called him.
 He was called Vydeman or Weedeman.
 Robert Weedeman.
 Yeah.
 But the reason they called him Penn is because he couldn't pronounce the word Weedeman.
 It's also called him Penn, because they did some tests and they found out he was mightier
 than a sword.
 Are you going to keep that in?
 Yeah.
 Of course he is.
 I don't know if that's real quick right now.
 That's why I left the gap.
 Sorry.
 We could have left that hang.
 Well, I'll get.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
