 Hi everyone, just before we start this episode,
 wanted to drop in that it's our 100th birthday.
 We have been going for 100 years.
 Time has flown.
 No, it's our 100th episode.
 And so happy birthday to us.
 Thanks so much for sticking with us for our 100 full episodes.
 And this is just the 100th.
 Where's that 100 to many times?
 There's no big deals, just a 100.
 Just a 100. Just a 100.
 100. For all the show.
 [MUSIC]
 Hello and welcome to another episode of "No Such Thing as a Fish"
 a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with Andy Murray,
 Ange Zinski, James Harkin, and a special guest
 making his second appearance as first being as a secret track on our vinyl.
 It's Stone Sour and Slipknot's frontman Corey Taylor.
 And once again, we've gathered around the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in no particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, Corey.
 Oh, the honors, yes.
 My fact is a million seconds is 11.5 days.
 A billion seconds is 32 years.
 So that is bizarre because just basically because of the vast difference,
 you think that a billion is a bit more than a million.
 And when we talk about billions and trillions,
 when you hear about trillion dollar debt or billion dollar debt,
 you kind of think they're essentially the same thing.
 And yeah.
 I know. I know. So I only just found out there's no zillion.
 I thought that was a thing.
 I know it's a billion, billion, zillion.
 Not a thing at all.
 It jumps to, I think there's one in between,
 but there's a Google and then there's a Google Place, is that right?
 That's a massive, yeah.
 Which are quite large.
 So a Google is one with a hundred zeros and a Googleplex is one with a Google zeros.
 Because you can't write out a Googleplex because if there are more zeros,
 then there are atoms in the universe.
 I think so, yeah. That's the problem.
 That's the problem for me.
 Otherwise, we'd all be doing it.
 That's why we let the computers do it.
 But so it wasn't at the case that billion in America used to be a different billion, too.
 No, we've half copied America, but half not copied it.
 So a billion means two different things now.
 So a billion in America is a thousand million.
 And in the UK, it's generally a thousand million now,
 but also sometimes it's a million million.
 Since 1974, they officially have the standard
 where we have the American shot billion now.
 I can only apologize.
 Sorry.
 But it's a lot easier for us all to become billionaires.
 Well, I guess so.
 Yeah, that's why we all are.
 Why are they only billionaires sitting at the street?
 You know how long ago it was a trillion years ago?
 A trillion years ago.
 I know exactly how long ago it was a trillion years ago.
 In seconds, please.
 No, do you know how many a trillion seconds ago?
 How many years ago that was?
 It's always that a thousand billion.
 Yes.
 Okay.
 So it's 31,710 years ago.
 And that was about the first time humans started eating porridge.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Oh, it's good.
 What a big day.
 I wonder what they ate up until that point.
 Yeah, breakfast, nothing.
 Breakfast, nothing.
 Breakfast, porridge.
 Yes, it's still eating it.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I'm a billionaire.
 I ate meat, carbs, right off the animal.
 That's probably what they were having before they were having porridge.
 Breakfast.
 Yeah, well, I'm saying, you know, we've gone, you know, I've gone backwards.
 You know, I'm keeping it real.
 Was there anything else that was going on then?
 Do you know, James?
 Yeah, it was about the same time as the first
 cave paintings in Europe.
 Corolla.
 I believe Bruce Forsyth was also born.
 Oh, yeah, I don't know.
 Hey, is the one English joke ahead?
 Yeah, it's a good one, right?
 Sorry.
 Strong cultural reference.
 So impressive.
 I know my thing.
 Well, it would be the American version of that
 someone who's like really old.
 Of Bruce Forsyth?
 Yeah.
 Maybe, but I don't even know if he's still alive.
 Bob Hope.
 Bob Hope, yeah.
 Oh, he did, I said.
 Yeah, he made it to 100 though.
 Yeah.
 Although it turns out,
 I was reading this thing about Bob Hope
 that he actually lied about his birthday just for a sort of like,
 he just knocked it a year younger.
 Well, he was only like 26.
 No, no, yeah.
 No, so he, I just think just for some kind of reason,
 he knocked it a year back.
 So secretly, he knew he'd hit 100.
 Yeah.
 But he couldn't tell anyone.
 So then when he hit 100 officially in the country,
 they're like, happy birthday,
 but he would have been over it by then.
 Yeah, well, he's just greedy and whatever.
 He saw himself in the foot there.
 He was originally named like Bob Hope.
 Yeah.
 And one of the great things the Buddha could do, apparently,
 according to Buddhist legenders,
 can't really, really high.
 Really high.
 He, well, super high, James, I'll tell you how high.
 A mathematician asked him,
 "What's the highest number you know?"
 And so the Buddha said, "Well, I know this number."
 That's a bit different.
 Yeah.
 He could name it though.
 He's the guy who probably came up with Zillian
 in a panicked moment,
 but like a Zillian, I can count out two.
 Right before he said, "Good Jillian."
 Yeah.
 And then the mathematician said to Buddha,
 "What about Zillian and what?"
 Yeah.
 Huh?
 In your face, Buddha.
 And on this basis, a great religion was founded.
 There was a really good article in I-09,
 which I love about how we can't even comprehend
 this million billion, these massive numbers thing.
 Humans haven't evolved to comprehend them.
 Like, when we were, you know, 3000 years ago,
 4000 years ago, we didn't need to think about anything
 except people in our immediate vicinity.
 We didn't have much astronomical knowledge,
 stuff like that.
 So we didn't have all these big numbers.
 So this article that was written by someone called,
 a mathematician called Spencer Greenberg,
 is talking about how you can make numbers
 be more manageable or make huge things seem more manageable.
 So like, for instance, the time thing is one.
 So you say you could do this over a certain amount of time.
 Another one is breaking stuff down.
 So if you say the US has $17 trillion of debt,
 the best thing to do there is actually say
 that's $54,000 of debt per person.
 See, this is the problem because you say,
 how many dollars was it for every person in America?
 54,000.
 So I can't picture 300 million people,
 which is about the population of the USA.
 So that's where it all falls down, unfortunately.
 It's a manageable amount of money for an unimaginable amount of money.
 Unfortunately, a lot of Americans can handle 54,000.
 In Germany, after the war,
 they had very bad inflation
 and things started costing, you know, 10,000 marks.
 This is after World War One.
 Yeah, exactly.
 And they had this mental disorder called zero stroke or cypher stroke,
 where people just kept writing down zeroes all the time
 because they just couldn't deal with these massive numbers.
 Really?
 And you would ask them, how many kids do you have?
 And they'd be like, I've got 10 trillion children,
 or how old are you?
 Seven billion years old or something.
 So interesting.
 Because they just couldn't deal with these massive numbers.
 Wow.
 In 2009, Zimbabwe printed 100 trillion Zimbabwe and dollar notes.
 I have one.
 Do you?
 And it's worth like something, like 20 pounds or something.
 Yeah, I think I bought mine for about five.
 Nice, okay.
 You've got it on the cheap.
 James collects these kind of things, though,
 just so he can pull things out of his wallet to impress you.
 James literally has two tickets to the gun show.
 Like, he literally has two tickets to the gun show.
 I was in Florida and there was a gun show going on.
 No, I didn't want to go to it, but I wanted the tickets.
 So I just lost my ticket.
 I've actually been meaning to ask since you did that,
 what a gun show is and it's gone so long that I just haven't now.
 Does everyone else know what a gun show is?
 You just go along and look at guns and, um,
 I think you should, and you could buy them.
 It's kind of an "pagent" for guns, really.
 Do you dress them up?
 Yeah, exactly.
 Is it like Croft's for guns?
 A little more explosive, if I'm honest.
 And the very thing is, I have a house in Las Vegas.
 And there's kind of an, there's almost like
 a perpetual gun show going on in that, and there,
 because like, and it's like this giant warehouse,
 just full of dealers who are just showing you AR-15s,
 M-16s, rocket launchers, minis like,
 and then there's, then they have a range out bags.
 It's like, "Well, go test fire it before you buy it."
 You know, it's like a test drive for a car, you know,
 but you go out bag, "All right, here we go!"
 And then it's just, it's very loud, right?
 I'd be so tense all the time.
 Funny thing is, they advertise it.
 They advertise for it at the airport.
 So you're on the moon and walkway and you're just
 driving and there's this chick with a gun and a bikini,
 and you're like, "Hey, that's a place to go."
 I don't think they sell boots.
 But I'm sure they're working on it.
 Yeah.
 Las Vegas is very much the James's shirt of America,
 because there's a permanent gun show going on at all times.
 Quite, quite.
 Yeah, 24/7.
 Lock it in.
 Amazing.
 This is an amazing thing.
 I can't believe I didn't know about big numbers.
 Yeah.
 So there have been two attempts in human history
 to estimate the number of particles in the universe, I think,
 or two that have two big ones that we know about
 that have been written down.
 So one of them was by Archimedes.
 So this was over 2,000 years ago.
 And he was estimating the number of grains of sand
 in the universe, actually.
 But now we know how many particles in a grain of sand.
 Arthur Eddington, 2,000 years later,
 estimating the number of particles in the universe,
 they came to exactly the same number.
 No, no, really.
 Isn't that completely insane?
 What's he just kind of copying off of art?
 Why is he published in ancient Greek, Mr. Eddington?
 Yeah.
 Wow, never mind that.
 Never mind that.
 A pissed off would you be, though, when you realize
 you've got the exact same numbers, Archimedes.
 Really?
 I was five years.
 I think you would add an extra couple to the end.
 It's like 10 to the power of 72 plus 7.
 So it doesn't look like you copied him, right?
 Well, there was a thing about Everest.
 Because they measured Mount Everest.
 And they found it came to a really annoyingly round number.
 Is that right?
 Do you remember this?
 So is it actually not the tallest mountain in the world?
 Is it?
 Yeah.
 You know that-- I don't know if I'd said this on the podcast before--
 last year was the first year that no one's
 reached the top Mount Everest in 41 years,
 since it became a popular--
 Because all the shoppers went on the street.
 No, it was just the conditions were really bad.
 Because there were a few avalanches.
 They closed off a couple of routes.
 But they didn't close off like the extreme routes.
 And the last chance was in December.
 Someone got really close and then had to come back down.
 It was the first year.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And it lost an inch last year from the earthquake.
 So you think it would have been easier?
 You tell me, Everest lost an inch.
 It lost it is quite cold.
 [LAUGHTER]
 We know exactly what that feeling is like.
 It's like, it's really chilly.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And OK, I'm not going to climb you tonight.
 [LAUGHTER]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 OK, it's time for fact number two.
 And that is Chazinski.
 Yeah, my fact is that Star Trek was almost not commissioned,
 because the pilot was considered too erotic.
 Now, this fact entailed googling the phrase Star Trek erotic,
 which is quite dangerous.
 I see you have a lot of paper there, which--
 [LAUGHTER]
 So what's that?
 Well, so this was a pilot called The Cage.
 It was the name of the episode.
 It was sent to NBC in 1964.
 And actually, I was very skeptical about how erotic it
 could really be, because it does sound quite raunchy.
 It was the idea of the show was that a planet
 let out a call for help to the guys on the spaceship
 on the Star Trek spaceship.
 And I'm obviously showing how much I know about the Star Trek
 spaceship.
 The Star Trek.
 That was the original plan for the name of the ship.
 We'll see.
 And yeah, so they went down to this planet.
 And actually, it was a plan.
 And there was a beautiful alien on this planet
 to seduce the Star Trek spaceship crew members.
 And because she had to have sex with them
 in order to repopulate this planet,
 because it was suffering from population crisis.
 So it was about someone being planted to seduce Captain Kirk,
 who wasn't Captain Kirk at the time.
 No, it was Captain Pike.
 It was Captain Pike.
 It was Captain Pike, wasn't it?
 Yeah, then the Pike was in the--
 Yeah, well, they brought it back because then they
 were able to use pieces of the original pilot in the episode.
 And I can't remember the name of it,
 but it has to do with--
 Spock is on trial.
 Captain Pike has been destroyed.
 And he's in this chair.
 And Captain Kirk is testifying on his behalf,
 and they keep cutting to footage of the original pilot.
 I was kind of a trek--
 I wasn't a trekky, but I used to watch it all the time
 because it was on in repeats.
 So I watched it when I was a kid.
 And I was just fascinated by it.
 I was like, why does the future look so old?
 Yeah.
 I mean, there's that used future look.
 And then there's like, well, Christ, that's from the seven--
 I read the original plan for Mr. Spock.
 Well, one of the original things for the design of the character
 was that he was going to not eat anything,
 and that instead he would have a plate in the middle of his stomach
 and energy which struck the plate would be his food.
 So he just feed off the cosmic radiation hits the plate.
 So he'd be like, um, you know, photosynthesizing.
 I suppose so.
 So much.
 Yeah.
 Sounds great.
 Something that I did.
 James is dream.
 Yeah.
 I don't have to waste all this time having meals.
 All the other day, Dan was saying to me the other day.
 It's so relentless having to eat all the time.
 There's three meals a day.
 Why don't we don't talk about it more?
 It's bullshit.
 Yeah, which is, again, I need to feed this thing again.
 No, we have discussed this, and it's like my greatest joy.
 And I can't believe you want to take that away from us.
 I love eating.
 Yeah, I love it.
 But sometimes, I'm just like, I just want to day off.
 Right, yeah.
 Day off, immediately.
 That's called the 5-2 diet.
 Yeah.
 There are products being developed, though, which are--
 I can't remember the name of them.
 But they are basically nutritious mush,
 which really doesn't taste the very much at all.
 But it leaves a selling as much as much.
 Oh, wow.
 There is a sea slug that's managed to get genes out of plants,
 so it can eat like an animal, but it can also
 photosynthesize.
 So I would like to get these plant genes into my body
 so I can sometimes photosynthesize as well.
 Wow.
 So while sunbathing, you're also eating.
 Yeah, basically.
 Well, that is the dream, actually.
 Thinking about it now.
 It's not my dream.
 I hate to sunbathe.
 I love to eat.
 It sounds awful.
 My favorite thing I found out about Star Trek, generally.
 So created by Gene Roddenberry.
 And there's a lot of rules.
 He wrote this kind of Bible for a Star Trek of what
 would be, if you made an episode.
 My favorite one is that he believed
 that there was no chest hair in the future.
 Captain Kirk, in all the shots where he's naked,
 they were shaving his chest because there
 was no chest hair in the future.
 He thought a head.
 He thought evolutionaries.
 Oh, so it's not a fashion thing.
 In the future, he's not shaving it every day.
 He just doesn't grow it.
 He looks like the pinky toe.
 We would just phase that out, because why not?
 What makes sense?
 I mean, do you think about it?
 Well, then I guess I'm the only one who can really recall it.
 But then when the one episode where
 everyone goes a little crazy and Sulu's running around
 with the sword, completely, you know, he's got a bald chest.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 Spock, when he's fighting Kirk on the planet,
 and they have to fight each other, bald chest.
 Or maybe Klingon's just didn't have chest hair.
 I'm not sure.
 No, Vulcans.
 Yes, they're right.
 God, what the hell was that?
 You know what?
 Not a real face.
 No, I'll walk away from the table now.
 I'll come back in a second.
 Dan has just saved us a lot of posts.
 That's true.
 Never had this.
 So far, you are.
 The worst was when we had Daniel Radcliffe on QI,
 and he got the rules to quit it drunk.
 No.
 Oh, my God.
 How many emails have we had about that?
 Well, maybe that's why Potter won so many matches.
 That's true, the rules.
 I'm a maverick.
 I'm ready.
 On the Vulcan thing, we have done this in a previous episode,
 but if you don't know, you might like it.
 Which is that he was originally meant to be Martian.
 He was meant to be from Mars.
 Oh, when they were writing the scripts
 and getting everything approved, the people at the studio
 said, we think you need to change it,
 because by the time this series goes out,
 and it's in its second series or something,
 we will have landed on Mars, and we will see Martians.
 And some of that.
 Yeah, and they were like, and that would make your series
 just look ridiculous.
 That's.
 He also had red skin at first.
 He was supposed to have red skin, Spock.
 Oh, yeah.
 But then it was in black and white a lot of the time
 and it turned out it looked like he just painted himself
 black, so he couldn't have red skin.
 Oh, really?
 But also on skin painting, in that pilot,
 the seductuous, this woman who's supposed to seduce them all,
 is green.
 And so she had to be painted in thick green paint,
 and it's quite hard and time-consuming to do that,
 and so that it shows up properly on camera.
 They filmed a test thing to see how it would work on camera.
 They sent it away to be properly done.
 They got the video back, and she looked normal skin color.
 And they were like, my god, this hasn't worked.
 And so they went through it all again, made it a bit thicker,
 a bit brighter green, sent the film away
 to get the video converted, to get the video back,
 got it back again.
 And they were like, what is going on?
 She's still peach colored with a tiny bit of green tinge.
 And it turned out the color technicians,
 when they got the film had gone--
 well, this is obviously an error.
 They didn't mean to.
 Something's gone wrong too.
 So they stayed up all night every time,
 trying to make her skin color the--
 I made it hilarious.
 James, don't we do a thing about how early TV--
 Oh, early film stars.
 Did they wear green makeup?
 Yeah, you got the better on the black and white cameras.
 You know, did that.
 Max Factor.
 That's where the name Max Factor comes from.
 He was like the greatest--
 at the time, he was the greatest film makeup artist.
 And as they were starting to go from--
 like silent film to the different types of film and everything,
 it looked very oily, very--
 just very much like they were just painted with a bunch of--
 Yeah, when they were technical--
 So yeah, and so he spent--
 I want to say two years developing what
 is now widely known as the standard for film makeup.
 And that's why-- after that, he started
 his own cosmetics line.
 And that's where Max Factor comes from.
 Oh, that's awesome, that's very cool.
 T.S. Eliot used to paint his face a tiny bit green.
 And no one really knows why.
 So maybe he was just desperately hoping for a film deal.
 No, no, no, no.
 Where are they going to bring the wasteland to Hollywood?
 Now, talking about Star Trek, before we move on,
 a lot of people probably don't realize
 that one of the first interracial kisses on television
 was between Uhura and Kirk.
 Yeah.
 And at the time, it was very, very risque.
 And they almost pulled it, because the censors thought
 it would be too inflammatory.
 And honestly, they got a few letters, but other than that--
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, because--
 And I don't know if this is why they were able to pull it off,
 but they were both under the spell of--
 I can't remember what the character's name was,
 but they were basically forced to do it.
 And that's how they were able to kind of get it through.
 But yeah, that was the first interracial kiss on television.
 I read that Uhura was going to leave,
 but then Martin Luther King like talks her out of it,
 and said, you're a trailblazing African-American woman who--
 Like, no matter what you think is happening,
 children watching you are seeing a black woman in space
 at the time was so radical.
 It's one of the things I give credit for Rod and Barry.
 He looked so--
 I mean, he was very misogynistic.
 But he looked so far past color religion.
 He did.
 And that was the theme of a lot of Star Trek episodes.
 Really, wasn't it?
 It was like this strange other alien, which actually
 isn't that strange, which is not--
 And it was weird, because a lot of the characters were not
 white in the '60s when that was a radical thing to do.
 Yeah, Mr. Sulu, your hair.
 Yeah, you just even--
 Check off.
 Check off.
 Check off.
 At the time, right in the middle of the Cold War, yeah.
 Just one last thing on censors, because I was
 reading about the history of censorship on American TV.
 So, in 1931, cows were not permitted in cartoons to have others.
 They had to be pictured in a skirt.
 Yeah, in a skirt?
 This is '31.
 This is '31.
 What happened again later?
 Because I found another source, really
 a book called America's First Network TV Sensor,
 which says that in 1958, cartoon cows
 were only permitted wearing skirts.
 Was there a specific length of skirt they were allowed to wear?
 Well, they weren't allowed to wear a mini skirt.
 I had to be quite a floral, nice loose flowing number.
 So, you couldn't see their legs.
 Yeah, that's-- where did they put it?
 I think this is why then they said cows had to stand upright,
 because they at first had them on four legs,
 and they had it halfway down their torso,
 and then it touches the ground.
 Is that thing off the internet?
 The other week about where do you put dogs trousers?
 Like, they go round all four legs, or just the back two legs?
 No, yeah.
 What if a dog wore trousers?
 If a dog wore trousers?
 Well, it would wear two pairs of trousers, wouldn't it?
 Well, you should've told the internet two weeks ago
 because they were all arguing about it.
 Oh, that's amazing, yeah.
 So, then even in 1940, there was a cow called Elsie,
 the boredom cow, who was a real cow fearing in a live-action film,
 and they said the others should be suggested rather than shown.
 We'd rather see the bulge than the air.
 [LAUGHTER]
 In my country sometimes.
 And it was pretty-- it's pretty weird.
 OK, it's time for fact number three, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that the Swiss city of Lossan
 has banned silent discos for being too loud.
 [LAUGHTER]
 They have party animals in Switzerland.
 That's great, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 So, why?
 They make a lot of noise apparently, because while you've
 got the headphones on, you're listening to music,
 and it's supposed to be silent, a lot of people
 are just singing along, or kind of bouncing around,
 or just shouting at each other.
 Really?
 Yeah, at download, they have a special tent,
 specifically designed for silent discos.
 OK.
 Now, I was wandering around the grounds one time,
 trying to find one of the tents where my buddies were going
 to play, wandered into the silent disco tent,
 and was assaulted by this--
 I mean, it's an additional contact.
 Like, it's like, there's a screaming stomp in.
 It was much louder.
 And then you look around, it's like, these people
 having fits, what is happening is I get backed out.
 I'm not turning my back on them.
 Oh, yeah.
 I mean, but I mean, they've got the lids on.
 You know, you turn around.
 Given it large, I was terrified.
 I never went back.
 Because I think we're saying that Los Anna's
 done the right thing.
 They are on the right track.
 I like a silent disco.
 You can have the music nice and quiet,
 and you can wander out, if you can turn it right down.
 I love it.
 It really suits me.
 Everyone else is rocking out at download,
 and Andy's listening to Radio 4.
 And now the shipping forecast.
 Woo!
 Dogger, fair bank.
 So maybe we're saying this is a sensible thing.
 It seems that way.
 Yeah, I wasn't really old-fay with the silent disco,
 but it seems that, yeah, they're right.
 They're really good, but the thing is, you get people--
 because often they have two DJs, or even three,
 playing different tunes.
 So people are dancing to different rhythms and different beats.
 So people-- I think people care a bit less what they look like,
 whether they're dancing.
 You don't get as much kind of posey dancing.
 Yeah, because you could be saying,
 I'm totally in rhythm, by the way, to what I'm listening to.
 You just don't know that.
 It's not obvious when you're not dancing in tune.
 Or singing in tune, I guess.
 A lot of them have their eyes closed,
 constantly running into each other.
 It's very different tempos.
 So it's like-- honestly, it's like watching CCTV footage
 of the damned, just outside the gates.
 It's getting ready.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Do you know where silent disco comes from?
 No.
 Or when it comes from.
 So this is-- well, the theory online
 is that it dates back to a 1969 Finnish sci-fi film
 called, I'm going to miss a pronounciate, as well.
 Lucien Aia, which means "Time of Roses,"
 and people all wear headphones to a party.
 And that's the first time it was ever seen in popular culture.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 There were definitely listening to stuff,
 because sometimes I didn't want to miss,
 but I put my headphones on in the office,
 so people don't talk to me.
 But I'm not actually listening to anything.
 That's all right.
 Yeah.
 What's your advantage now?
 Well, they're doing that.
 They were just like, I'll go to the party,
 but I'm not speaking to anybody, keeping my headphones on.
 But that's really interesting, because when was--
 So 1969.
 And it's set in 2012.
 So when was the audio--
 sorry, when were cassettes?
 Audio cassettes invented.
 Oh, '80s?
 Because what were they, late '70s?
 Yeah, because it was headphones, even,
 a concept of a thing you take out.
 It just held off the ground with it.
 Oh, yeah, absolutely.
 In America, the giant headphones
 have been around for quite a while.
 They kind of went hand in hand with the high-five system
 that were sold in the early '60s.
 OK, the first ever jukebox was made by Edison.
 And he had some kind of music system.
 And there was like stethoscopes that would come down,
 like five different people would kind of put the stethoscopes
 next to the ears and listen.
 So that's kind of headphones.
 Yeah.
 And they used to come with a towel that you could clean it
 after, well, before you would use it.
 That's fantastic.
 So you wouldn't catch ear diseases, obviously.
 It is.
 It was famous ear diseases.
 There's a guy called George Foy,
 who lived in New York where it's loud and he had some kids
 who were making noise.
 And he decided he would go on a quest to find the quietest place
 on the planet.
 And he's obsessed with finding quiet places.
 But he says, and he's been inside the anechoic chamber
 in Massachusetts.
 Yes, many apples.
 Many apples.
 And he's clarified that there is no such thing as silence.
 And he said he found it really annoying going inside
 this chamber, which didn't drive him mad,
 like it drives other people mad.
 But I have read that the longest anyone's ever
 spent in an anechoic chamber is 45 minutes.
 He beat that?
 Did he?
 Yeah, because he was fine with it.
 And they actually had to kind of break the door down
 to get him out.
 Did they?
 It's just something great time.
 Did they not have a hand door?
 To have a door?
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's a design for us.
 Oh, it's not what you're really sure.
 Well, I've been to an anechoic--
 I've been to a semi anechoic chamber.
 Yeah, I knew.
 Wait, what's a semi one?
 Well, there's some noise because that's just a defeat.
 Oh, yeah.
 I was with you.
 Yeah, you were.
 Yeah.
 It's the echo.
 It's the lack of echo.
 So you can make noise.
 But it's just it won't bounce back at you.
 And so with this one, there was a flaw, which
 was just normal, and all the other walls
 were kind of had this special stuff that stopped any echoes.
 And did it-- was it weird?
 Yeah, it was really weird.
 It was hard.
 Really, really weird.
 Yeah.
 Do you know the most echoey place in the entire world?
 It's this massive oil tank in Scotland.
 It's in a place called Inchendown.
 And they dug these huge oil tanks
 into a hillside during the Second World War
 to store millions and millions of gallons of oil
 because they need to fuel ships, which were more
 to the nearest naval base.
 But they didn't want it to be a risk of bombers,
 long-range German bombers.
 So they had to dig it into the hill.
 The only way to get in is through one of these four tiny pipes.
 They're 46 centimeters across.
 So it's a squeeze.
 But when you get inside there, they've
 got inside and tested it.
 And the way you test it, by the way, is firing a blank epistol
 loaded with blanks and see how long it takes.
 And see how long the echo takes.
 Why can't you just say echo?
 Right.
 It's just a standard way of doing it.
 There are more modern ways.
 But the echo in this chamber lost 112 seconds.
 You're kidding.
 Wow.
 Oh, my God.
 That's so cool.
 We played a place the other night.
 It was this hall in Frankfurt in Germany.
 And the delay in there was seven seconds long,
 because it was just so cavernous.
 Wow.
 And even when you get people in there,
 I mean, it's such a battle for us to dial in the sound.
 I'm really going to fight that.
 Wasn't that unbelievably distracting?
 Well, we bring our own PA system with us.
 So we're able to really control that.
 Plus, we have probably one of the best sound
 guys in the business.
 He is able to really control that.
 And he's spent so many hours.
 And so many-- he knows how to really dial it in.
 Yeah, I was pretty intense.
 So that was seven seconds.
 That was seven seconds.
 I can't even count 112.
 I mean, it's incredible.
 I mean, it's just hanging there.
 And I mean, it's something like that.
 The decay rate has to just be in just sick, because it's feeding
 itself.
 I'd love to go in there and do some vocals.
 I've done vocals at the bottom of a well before.
 Really?
 Yeah, I don't really recommend it, because you're wet.
 So it was this part of like a plan.
 Well, did you just decide to do it?
 Yeah, well, we were reporting stuff for slipknot.
 And we were recording it out.
 It was when we were doing all of it was gone, which
 was the fourth album.
 And we were out at our buddies.
 It was a place called Soundform.
 It was basically, he lives there, and he's got a studio there.
 So we were doing a lot of experimental stuff.
 You know, just to kind of get away from like the Pro Tools
 plugins and everything like that.
 It's like, let's try and capture something unique.
 So they fished me down the bottom of this well,
 because you know, they had a proper well down there.
 It was deep, very dark.
 And of course, we waited until the sun had gone down to do it.
 I was like, this was poor planning on our work.
 But then we fished a telephone in U87 down.
 And I was able to kind of do-- and it was just this kind of spoken
 word thing that we were just doing again.
 But the reaction, just picked it up, was really, really cool.
 So I loved doing stuff like that.
 I'm all about it.
 Is it true?
 Because it's online this about you that your vocal range is--
 Oh, it's the biggest vocal range?
 What was it?
 No, it's not big.
 It's in metal.
 Apparently, I have a pretty good range.
 Five and a half octaves, yeah, octaves.
 But I didn't even know that, to be honest, you know?
 Like I was like--
 It was just a good thing about the internet.
 Well, I can't sing that, but I can sing this.
 That's really-- that's the end of my gig.
 But so that rate, the high range, the screen,
 got you into getting a gig on top of you, right?
 Well, yeah, well, the low grow was really--
 Right, it was really.
 --what did it, yeah.
 Then the guys who directed it, Daniel Hera,
 who I just saw last night, came to the gig,
 they were-- he, like, he had a couple of producers.
 A lot of the people there were, like, huge slipmap fans
 growing up, and I was like, ah, ah, ah, ah, ah.
 And they were like, they-- when we played in Cardiff last year
 where they filmed, and they took us to the doctor who
 experienced, so I'm just freaking out, you know?
 Like, we were there for hours.
 And they were like, we got to go.
 We got to get them, like, but no.
 They took us to BBC Cardiff, or BBC Whale, excuse me.
 And they walked us through some of the sets,
 and everything, and then they were like,
 so we've got this idea.
 And I'm like, yeah, yeah.
 And I described the Fisher King, who
 was the alien who I provided the screen for.
 And then Peter, and I can't pronounce his last name, Sirif.
 There it is.
 There it is, thank you.
 Thank you for that, because I butcher it every time.
 He did the spoken voice.
 And I did the growl, so it was kind of a cool mashup.
 A duet.
 Yeah.
 It's basic, essentially.
 Yeah.
 I mean, I let him take the lead.
 He's pretty good.
 Still.
 But yeah, so I just, I went, I'd screened for about 45 minutes,
 and they were like, well, you've got plenty.
 That's it.
 And I went and did the gig.
 We actually only asked for three seconds, but thanks for--
 You've quite overdid it.
 Anyone got anything else?
 An amusing noise complaint.
 Oh, yeah.
 I saw-- so this is a big sign that somebody
 left outside someone else's house when that person
 had been keeping them up all night with their loud music
 and their partying.
 And the sign says, to the people that kept us awake all night
 by singing on the balcony, 223 AM pinball wizard, 3 out of 10.
 Your performance of this would cause
 the band more shame than Pete Townsend's liberal attitude.
 315 AM walk this way, the lowest point of the performance.
 I hate this song, 1 out of 10.
 But then 820 AM.
 So you know, this has gone on a while.
 Tiny dancer, actually very good, 7 out of 10.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Oh, I think they're a bad critic, because that's
 very good, 7 out of 10 is a little bit harsh, yeah.
 Yeah, it's harsh.
 All right, time for our final fact of the show.
 And that is Andrew Hunter Murray.
 My fact this week is that the giant squid's brain
 is wrapped around its throat.
 So if it eats anything too large, it risks brain injury.
 It feels like a design flaw, doesn't it?
 It does.
 Oh, good.
 I know, but they've got to do a lot with a little space,
 because they've got this thing called the mantle,
 which is basically everything except the tentacles,
 and they have to fit a huge amount of stuff in there.
 And so they feed through this sort of the hole
 in the middle of the mantle, and they have a beak,
 and they have all sorts of strange features.
 And so their brain is wrapped around their esophagus.
 Yeah, how stressful.
 It's crazy.
 Every meal.
 Every meal.
 That would put me off eating if I was going to be brain damage
 every time I did.
 I just have to chew, that's all it is.
 Yeah.
 And there's one of very few things that we know
 about the giant squid, because we know so little.
 Yeah.
 We don't know how they hunt.
 We don't know how many species there are.
 There might be-- they think there might be up to eight
 different species of giant squid.
 So they've obviously got eight tentacles,
 but then they've got two feeding tentacles as well.
 So the feeding tentacles can stretch out to 33 feet.
 That's what they found in--
 so imagine you've seen a squid ages away,
 and you're like, I'm pretty safe here.
 You can just lob these two feeding arms and grab you
 and bring you back like a big tongue on a lizard.
 But they won't be able to swallow you down.
 You're way bigger than that.
 I was in my head, as I said that, I was a fish.
 Yeah, yeah, I was picturing myself swimming along,
 going, oh, I'm safe here.
 Eating a mole.
 Yeah.
 They aren't-- they are the signs of a bus, aren't they?
 They are enormous.
 They're so-- some of them are as long as--
 so basically the maximum length, including the tentacles,
 is 13 meters.
 Yeah.
 Some of them will be the feeding tentacles.
 But still, that's big.
 That's a cheat, though, I would say,
 because if you grew like an eyebrow hair really, really long,
 you could say, wow, I'm actually this length.
 Because those are just two little tentacle arms.
 You count your legs when you're talking about how tall you are.
 Why no, but that's true.
 And you care?
 You count your arms, which are your feeding tentacles.
 Yeah, but if I'm talking about a bus,
 I'm not going to talk about a bus that has two extra poles
 hanging out at the top and going, get on my massive pole.
 Well, which bus are you going to say, get on my massive pole?
 There was footage of that one kind of washing up next to a ship.
 I want to say it was fishing just off
 like maybe the Alaskan coast.
 But it was quite big, and it was caught in one of the nets,
 and it took them forever to do--
 To this entangle?
 Yeah, I mean, it was big.
 I mean, this was a big ship.
 You know, this was one of the crabbing ships.
 And Christ, it was half, like maybe three quarters,
 as long as the ship itself--
 Yeah.
 It was like, oh, god.
 Someone called, like, the squid police in Weymouth,
 I think, the squid police.
 Yeah.
 It's the official name.
 Yeah, that's what you call it.
 It's 9/9/10.
 9/9/10, to call.
 To call.
 Oh, well done.
 Someone called the squid police, saying that giant squids
 washed up on a beach, and it turned out
 to be a mink whale, which is huge.
 So they look like whales when they're dumped on beaches.
 There's at least huge, formless lumps.
 They're huge lumps of rain.
 Yeah.
 And they have the biggest eyeballs in nature, don't they?
 Yeah.
 Gigantic eyeballs.
 So all animals, I think, the eyes evolved one time.
 But I think the squid, I think the eyes,
 evolved completely separately, even
 though they do exactly the same thing.
 So it's like eyeballs have evolved twice
 in two different types of animals.
 Really?
 That's right.
 Because of the deaths that they have--
 Yeah, I think that's right.
 Probably.
 I was looking into why they have these enormous eyes.
 And there's a really good paper from 2012
 by a team led by Dan Erick Nelson to shout out to him
 that is to help them spot sperm whales who are their main predators.
 So they've got--
 So he did a paper.
 And the question was, why do they have eyes?
 And the answer was, so they can see things.
 No, no, hang on.
 But why the three times wider than almost any other animal,
 apart from colossal squid, which is the other kind,
 anyway, I don't know if I remember that.
 So sperm whales are the main things that hunt them.
 And 600 meters down, using an eye that size,
 you could spot 120 meters away a sperm whale.
 But sperm whales have got sonar.
 So they can identify a giant squid from a long way away.
 So it's really just to give them any kind of advantage
 and a head start and getting away.
 And lots of sperm whales, when they wash up,
 well, when they die, they've got scars all over them,
 which we think are from grappling with squid,
 and they're not always tentable.
 No, it's not what it's from.
 I was wondering what it was when I was looking at the pictures
 of those ones that washed up.
 They've got their scratches all down their backs.
 Yeah.
 And they think that about three quarters
 of everything sperm whales eat is giant squid.
 From the number of squid beaks they find in the stomachs
 of the whales.
 So that it's a huge, they have these enormous battles
 underwater.
 There's probably one happening right now.
 Yeah.
 Right around the spotlight now.
 You know squid ink.
 So it's--
 Not personally, but we have mutual friends.
 Yeah, it's a metal band.
 You guys are going to have a lot.
 Yeah, they're from Shibuya, Wisconsin.
 Shout out, squid ink.
 So they actually do two batches of squid ink
 that go out when they're using as a defense system.
 So the first batch is kind of pure ink.
 It's very inky.
 And it's meant to create a blob so they can create a distraction.
 The second batch is a more mucusy little bit of ink.
 So it's mixed with mucus.
 And the idea is that when they spit this out,
 that they are creating a shape that looks exactly like them.
 So it's like a decoy.
 It's like this weird squid looking decoy.
 So it's like a squid hologram.
 Exactly.
 And they've got video observation of animals
 that were going after the squid then going for this.
 And being like, well, what was the squid?
 And he's off.
 That's so cool.
 Yeah, it was nice.
 I love that.
 Yeah, that is rare.
 That's intelligent.
 Male squid have to be quite careful what they do with their sperm.
 Because the way they inseminate a lady's squid
 is they deposit these sperm packets,
 these sperm intervals into a little pouch on her body.
 But she loves to eat them.
 That's really what she likes doing best
 is to get like reach around with her tentacles,
 pick the sperm out and eat it.
 So that's obviously a problem for the man
 because or the male squid.
 Because that means that he doesn't get his offspring out
 of her because she's just eaten his potential offspring.
 If I am a nickel.
 It's all right as miles away.
 You can empathize.
 There you go.
 So when she eats the sperm that you may have deposited on her,
 it actually helps her to develop her unfertilized egg.
 And so it helps out the next guy, his competitor that comes along.
 So you've got to really make sure that so that's why
 someone is when you deposit your sperm into a female's pouch.
 They try and get it really, really deeply in
 because so that she can't actually reach around to it
 and get it out.
 Another species called the coastal squid.
 And it's usually the bigger males that are successful
 with the females.
 But they're also sneaky males or sneaker males.
 And they're much smaller.
 But what they do is when the female is about to lay her egg,
 she lays it out of her front.
 And they deposit sperm on her face.
 And then when the egg comes out, then it kind of collects their sperm.
 And their sperm is much bigger than the other males.
 I'm not sure we can safely say anything about it.
 I'm back here just biting my sperm.
 For his like, those nickels are really primed up to God.
 Giant squid have penises, but other squid don't.
 Do you think they ever like trick people by saying,
 I have a giant squid penis?
 And then it's unclear which bit the giant is referring to.
 I like to think they do.
 I hope they do.
 So you're saying it's like, sorry.
 Are you saying that it's a giant squid penis or a giant squid penis?
 It's actually an extremely small giant squid penis.
 Of all the giant squid penises I've had to deal with.
 And I'm just saying, there's been quite a few.
 Yours is by far the smallest of that.
 I was just reminded of that.
 Are you saying four candles?
 I'm saying four candles.
 That was the four candles.
 In an original draft of this catch,
 it was about giant squid pieces.
 I've learned so much today.
 So happy.
 So this is a really gross idea.
 So there was a woman in South Korea recently who was eating squid.
 So we all eat squid.
 We call it Kalamari for reasons I don't understand.
 But she was eating some boiled squid in a restaurant.
 And she suddenly felt a pain in her tongue.
 And it turned out the squid wasn't quite dead.
 And it was a male squid.
 And it had deposited its sperm packet into her tongue.
 So she felt horrible pain in her tongue.
 And then felt lots of stuff crawling around inside her tongue
 and had to go to hospital.
 And they took out a whole bunch of sperm.
 And apparently this does happen a bit like there's
 been reports in Japan of it happening.
 Oh, that's so fucked up.
 No one's never fucking hit that shit again.
 Oh my god.
 Yeah.
 Fuck it.
 Oh.
 Fuck that.
 Fuck that shit.
 Vegetarianism, here you come.
 It had to be in the tongue.
 Why?
 OK, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things
 we've said over the course of this podcast,
 we can be found on Twitter.
 I'm on @Sriberland.
 James.
 At H Shapes.
 Andy.
 @AndruhunterM.
 Corey.
 @Coreytelorock.
 And Shazinsky.
 You can email podcast.QI.com.
 Yep, that's right.
 Or you can go to @QIPodcast.
 That's the group Twitter handle.
 Or go to nosuchthingasaffish.com.
 That's our website.
 We've got all our previous episodes up there.
 Thanks so much for listening.
 We'll see you guys again next week.
 Goodbye.
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [MUSIC PLAYING]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
