 "Hello and welcome to another episode of Little Fish. My name's Andrew Hunter Murray, and
 I'm here with my two close colleagues, Down Shriver and Anna Tijinski, and we're here
 to discuss the brilliant facts that you, the audience, have been sending in to podcast@qy.com.
 We've got loads of facts. Let's, let's have some. Come on. Who's got a fact? I go in here
 from Tom Besoir. Tom Besoir says the American actor John Kazzal only appeared in five feature
 films. All of them were nominated for Academy Awards for Best Picture. He did the Godfather,
 the conversation, the Godfather Part Two, Dog Day afternoon and the deer hunter. Amazing.
 Yeah, he did five of these in a seven year period, but tragically he got very ill. He had
 lung cancer, and so he died, and that's the only reason that he didn't start more. I've
 only seen two of them. I've seen the conversation and what was the first one you mentioned?
 The Godfather. No, I haven't seen it. Deer Hunter. No, I haven't seen it. I've got part
 of part two. Yep, very good. Dog Day afternoon. Oh, I've seen one of them. Does he play the
 same, because sometimes people play a special role in all films, like they'll play a policeman
 who's just got a random one-liner? Was it like that where he just plays? No, he had substantial
 roles, and he was very much loved. There's been documentaries about him. People really
 miss him. Al Pacino held him as one of the great actors of his day. He said, "I would just
 have been in movies for the rest of my career with him." He was dating Meryl Streep when
 he passed away. He was part of a very big sort of unit of actors. I think I've heard of
 him. I think maybe he feels like a famous, like, edges of gangster films kind of lad.
 It does feel like he's got a type. He hasn't done "Never Been Kissed" as he, you know, it's
 definitely down that hardest thing. Yeah. Pacino Esquil. And I've actually got a little bonus
 exciting element to this fact, because that's often the fact that he was told he was in five
 movie rights all for Best Picture. He actually appeared in a sixth after his death, because they
 used archive footage of him in Godfather Part Three, and that was nominated for an award
 as well, Best Picture, and he was in that technically. Really? So good. You'd want to
 employ him, wouldn't you? If you've made a crap film, you'd be like, "Should we get him in
 and we'll get the Oscar?" If you've made Peron as five or something.
 That's what people do with Sigourney Weaver in sci-fi films these days.
 Does it work? Do they all want Oscars? No, but they are treated with more respect than
 maybe they will be if Sigourney Weaver wasn't in my opinion. If you're making a sci-fi film,
 let's say Avatar Three. You might want to just get the Weaver and, you know, she brings
 a touch of plus. Yeah. Sure does. That's what we do with podcasts, though, isn't it?
 People want to make a great podcast. They try and get us in. I mean, it hasn't happened yet,
 but-- Oh, I thought you meant one of us was brought in for the class. Which one of us has
 been drafted in just for the touch of plus? Do you think we get another short of the award
 if Sigourney Weaver came on as guests? I actually do.
 And do you think that would be the proudest moment of her life? I can't think of a higher
 one. Yeah. Let's do another fact. That's another fact. This is from Oliver Frederick,
 and this is that in Sydney, if you speed 30 kilometres an hour over the speed limit,
 you'll be fined about $650 Australian dollars. Okay. And in India, the fine for the same
 crime as 2000 Rupees, and so Oliver Frederick has done a little bit of working out that James
 Harkin would love. He said, "In order to pay the same amount of fines in India, as you would
 have to in Australia, you'd need to either break the speed limit over 20 times or you could."
 And he looks at all the fines in India, all these things, you could speed under the influence
 of drugs or alcohol, without a valid license or wearing a seatbelt, driving recklessly
 into oncoming traffic, while texting, running a red light and not stopping at a stop sign,
 all whilst blocking an ambulance from reaching an emergency, that would just about get you
 to $670 Australian dollars. So there you go. That's so cool. It's top tip. And that's why
 they film all those trace scenes in India, because it's just a lot cheaper for the movies.
 Yes. Yeah. You could judge you be like, "But I'm going to waive the fee for the effort."
 Because that was absolutely stunning. Yeah. It's like shooting the moon when you're playing
 hearts, isn't it? You like all the bag cards, actually, you win. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah.
 Love it. All right. Here's a fact. And this one comes in from Simone Fu. Fu. And it's a great
 fact. It's, it's that Catherine Par, last wife of Henry VIII, was named after Catherine
 of Erigan, the first wife of Henry VIII. As in, Henry VIII had so many wives over such
 a long period of time that the youngest one was a baby who was named after his first wife,
 who was her godmother. That's incredible. Isn't that absolutely hideous?
 Well, hang on. That's not hideous. Can I not slap shame Henry VIII? Is that not even, is
 that not? You know what? He never goes to tell his side of the story. Oh my God. Oh my
 God. There's literally, there's literally a very successful western musical, which
 finally has told their stories. Yeah, it's not his story, is it? We need the western
 musical that tells his side of the story. I love to try and pitch that. I produce it. We
 need to hear Henry's side of the story. It's a musical called one. It's about the one
 man at the centre of the six, you know, winging women. Well, four by the end of it. Wow. That's
 very funny. Very funny indeed. Yeah. I've got another fact, should I do one? Okay. This
 is from Sam Tomlin. I'm a math teacher by trade and continually find fun and interesting
 ways to present material. Before going through Pythagoras' theorem again, I discovered this.
 Friend of the podcast, President James Garfield created a proof of Pythagoras' theorem. And
 this makes him the first president to contribute something original to mathematics, as well as
 the first president to eat anally. Wow. I mean, just one of those things is, you know,
 reasonably proud you were alive. Yeah. Both. Yeah. Amazing. That's so cool. It's just so interesting
 coming up with a new proof of something that is already proven, as in there are lots of
 different ways of getting to that truth of Pythagoras' theorem. But to come up with a new way mathematically
 of doing it, I just think it's very impressive. Yeah. Or pointless. You know, if we've proven it,
 I suppose. Okay. So there's a book that's called the Pythagorean proposition. And in it,
 Garfield's proof is 231 in a list of 370. That's too many. That's too many. I don't need that
 many proofs. I believed it when Pythagoras said it. Good source Pythagoras. Yeah. In a way, by going
 around the houses and doing something in a non-traditional, like getting something demonstrated in a non-traditional
 method, isn't James Garfield sort of foreshadowing his own eating everything through his bottom
 later in life? Do you know what I mean? Yeah, lovely. Because there, he had to circumvent normal route
 and go in another way. Yeah. That's what they said to make him feel better about it, because they
 shot the champagne out there. This is just like your Pythagoras book, actually. That's the president.
 That's great stuff. Okay. What about this one from Peter Campbell? Long time this in a first-time
 emailer, he specifies to the show he sent emails before. I love it. He said, I think we were talking
 about sports teams with... You already know that's a hallmark of quality for a good email. Yeah. You know,
 I bet you didn't even read the rest, Andy. That just made it in. I don't know what, I'm excited
 to find out what it's about. It's actually very pro-fascist, the rest of it. No, he, I think we were
 talking about sporting teams with weird, wordy coincidental names. And he said, in the 1970s, my team,
 Albiana Rovers, had the spicy trio of Bill Curry, Sid Sage, an Albert Rice. You could make a whole
 deal out of them. I will say it's not a brilliant team, Albiana Rovers. They are in the fifth tier
 of the Scottish Football League. But he does, then, this chap does, then go on to say, it's just... Okay,
 focus carefully on this. These couple of sentences. It's just a pitter. The team doesn't have the same
 caliber of player now. I still support them. They're whatever the result, Vindalus, when... When,
 all this stuff. Rise or fall? Absolutely, that up. Fall is a very hot kind of curry, hot in Vindalus.
 There's none more supportive than Guy. So he sort of just ends up non-sense by the end of it,
 to be honest. Well, thanks for writing your email in. Yeah, yeah. Here is the fact from David Carey.
 My fact is, Down Under is a lake named Lake Wombat. Right? Where do you think that might be?
 Sorry, Down Under is a lake. Just in Down Under, you know, it went down under. Yeah, yeah.
 Is that completely not actually in Australia? It's in New Zealand. And the reason is that it's named
 after a 19th century gold prospector called Jake Wombat Irwin. But Lake Wombat is in New Zealand.
 And they don't have Wombats in New Zealand, right? No, they don't have Wombats in New Zealand. No,
 no mammals, right? No mammals. I mean, there are loads of people in chief, but there's some bats,
 right? No mammals. No mammals in New Zealand. They've got a problem with a load of non-sense.
 So you have to cut off your memory glands. It's a ripple. Yeah. It's a kettle lake. I just thought
 you might like to know that. This lake Wombat. What does that mean? It's 9th years old.
 I didn't want to know that. I just realised I couldn't with a gun to my head to find a kettle
 lake for you. You really volunteered the information you didn't need to. Well, I think you really felt
 we needed to know every geography teacher who listens is absolutely screaming. Let's have another.
 Okay, here's a little pop culture one. This comes from Alex Wilson. I have a bit of a fun
 fact for you. John Bon Jovi of the band Bon Jovi. His first professionally released recording was not
 an epic rock power ballad, like he does with his band, but a song called R2D2, we wish you a Merry
 Christmas from the Star Wars Christmas album. Christmas in the stars. And we covered this very
 slightly many many years ago, probably a Christmas episode or it might have popped up somewhere else,
 but yeah, he was working in his uncle's recording studio, you know, mopping floors and stuff like that,
 doing basic janitor or real jobs and they needed a singer. And so he had a good voice and they brought
 him in and he sang on this song. How many times has the janitor stepped up and done a brilliant job?
 You know, this John Bon Jovi was the janitor, basically. Like good while hunting. Like good while hunting,
 that's it. There's definitely two. One that's real and one that's not. Yeah. I'll be honest. I'm not
 pitching this to the publishers yet. And it's a very low part to get an Andy pitch. So I would say
 Penguin, Faber, put your phone down. Yeah, stop that bidding wall. Call it off.
 The book of genius. It's a bracket. Real and fake.
 Chapter one, chapter two. Oh, dear. In deck. Okay, here's one from Dane's String Fellow.
 Oh, don't know. Any relation. Yeah. Doesn't mention. But he did say,
 I recently learned from my friend's dad that in the UK, you must have a license to scare
 comrades. And then he says, and upon said scaring, you have to fill out a form listing the method
 of scaring and the number of comrades leaving and or returning. Beautiful. Which is nice. But Dane,
 I will say, I'm just going to let this be a lesson to you when you hear facts from your friend's dad.
 Check them. Check them out. I checked it out. I don't need a license to scare comrades. You need a
 license to use lethal methods to scare comrades. I use shooting at them, which does feel more
 like killing comrades and scaring them. But I suppose it would be scared as well. So you do need a
 license to take a gun out with you, which maybe is surprising if you're from America, Dane. But
 that's just how we do it here. This is just a warning to the listener. We get sent a lot of facts,
 and it's our choice which facts we bring to this show. Yeah. And it decides to shame the incorrect
 facts. I'm sure you have enough accurate ones. Yeah. It just makes the UK sound like a place with
 some ridiculous laws. And actually, you know, this one is just saying, you know what, give the
 comrades a chance first. Did Dane say he was writing from America? No, he didn't. But he said,
 you've just interpreted that as well. Look, he said in the UK, you have a license to scare comrades.
 He might have just meant you have to have a license. No, you're right. And I might have missed
 typed it, you know. No, you're right. I don't type them out. I do copy and paste. You do have to do
 that. You know there's a shortcut for it as well. Watch. Yeah. Oh, that's going to save me time.
 I'll talk to you afterwards. All right. No, I was actually still fascinated to learn it because
 you always go down a rabbit hole, don't you? So then I ended up in lots of like fisheries-based
 legal stuff, which was excellent. And I'll do a spin-off podcast on that. Yes. So thank you, Dane.
 I did really enjoy that. Here's one that came in from Ian Clark. Okay.
 I just wanted to say how much I'm enjoying the podcast. It's become a regular companion on my drives.
 This is relevant. This morning I was sitting at the car listening as usual just about
 ahead into the stables to see the ponies. So that's, I guess, Ian has ponies. When a van pulled up
 from a company called Southern Equine Sheath Cleaning, that immediately caught my attention.
 For context, as I'm sure you'll appreciate, I didn't know this in the Equine world,
 the Sheath refers to a horse's penis. So there's this company which just only does horse penis
 cleaning. Wow. That's quite something, isn't it? That's extraordinary. And I was looking this up.
 I was on a train next to a child when I was doing this research and I had to quite carefully tell
 my screen because I didn't want the, you know, so they could see it. I didn't want to sort of
 like blow, blow in a young mind or anything like this. But anyway, the owner of this company is a
 woman called Kat Seaman. They're not cats. No, they're not cats, so it doesn't work at all. So it's
 completely irrelevant. But yeah, basically, and it's recommended, it's recommended you do it twice
 a year. Some horses never need it. Some horses, they say that, I mean, obviously they're trying to
 sell you Sheath Cleaning Services. So they, they will like much like, oh, you really should
 laundry your pillows every four days. Come on, yeah, yeah. But there are some friendly bacteria
 under there that you don't want to disturb. So don't do it all the time. And some horses go the whole
 life without needing a Sheath Cleam. I bet they're really cocky horses, isn't it? Well, I bet they're
 pronouncing around poor Barry's been sent to the Sheath Cleam for the ninth time this year.
 Absolutely. We think it's a prank if Mrs Seaman called up to say, I'm a horse penis cleaning
 company. Just look, thank you. No, goodbye. Don't hang up. Don't actually must start every conversation.
 Don't hang up. Can I do one more before we get to the custodians? All right, here we go. This is
 from Olivia Byers, who says, how do y'all? She's actually requested Andy that you say that out loud.
 So if you want mine, how do y'all? There we go. In fact, the first, she's given us two facts. A small
 mountain town in North Carolina called Marion population under 8,000 has officially designated
 Bigfoot as their town animal. Lovely. They celebrate this with a Bigfoot festival that draws over
 40,000 people, which means the festival population is roughly five times the town's population itself.
 There are expert panels, Bigfoot themed food and my personal favorite, a Bigfoot calling contest.
 The festival slogan is, come a skeptic, leave a believer. Lovely. I have not attended. I have not yet
 ready. But the second is Ohio is in the process of legislating a state cryptid, specifically the
 Loveland Frogman. Now, we spoke about how every state has a state animal. It's looking like the
 Loveland Frogman is going to be Ohio's officially described by Ohio legislators as a frog-like
 bipedal creature standing approximately four feet tall. So it was spotted twice in March of 1972.
 But you'd think that's, okay, that's too far away. But then again, in 2016, by two Pokemon Go players.
 Oh, yeah, who are looking at their screen and seeing all sorts of mad weird animals all day long.
 There is so much that it might be a large iguana that they spotted.
 No one has said so. Yes, so this cryptid might become the official.
 Unbelievable. The Ohio legislators have to get involved in this. Just leave it to that mad bloke
 in the pub, just say, make it what you like, can't. Just going to go back to housing here.
 This is that thing like this town called Marion. That's a thing that is going to really help its
 economy every year, right? It's just such a, if you can land a weird animal or an idea in your town
 or a UFO, you really are just going to help the local economy. It just seems to be the case that it all...
 Oh, don't encourage fun. Don't encourage fun? So are you or against?
 Yes, it is. Yeah. John Maynard Keynes wrote a brilliant
 economics book about Nessie and how... The macroeconomic implications of Nessie
 is a really interesting one. It will bring it up. It's a plush house everywhere. Every shop you go.
 You're all wearing the Scottish hat. That's enough of your facts, I think, especially
 your stand. Thanks to the equates around that one. Let's have some of our facts being dished out now
 to friends of the podcast because if you join Clubfish, our Secret Members Club,
 publicly available at patreon.com/clubfish. If you join at the friend of the podcast layer,
 you can get a headline fact from the podcast dedicated to you in perpetuity. And we're going to
 dish out a few of those headline facts to brand new friends of the podcast now. So who wants to go first?
 I'll go. This one goes to Alissa. Alissa, your fact is that there is a skyscraper in New York,
 which keeps itself stable with a 400-ton weight in the top. Magic. Magic. Oh my goodness. So cool.
 It sort of hangs like a pendulum and if the building goes that way, it's just sort of central weight.
 Is that it? I can't remember. And the fact actually came from Alex Bell. So get in touch with him
 if you wanted explaining. But yes, I do remember that skyscrapers are surprisingly hard to build.
 That does. Does that not give you a fear of buildings in a way you might not have had it before?
 That it's all reliant on, like in this case, a giant weight that's just swaying at the top.
 I think it's okay. Cool. But I choose not to think about it. Yeah. I think that's key.
 If you start thinking about anything for too long, you'll go completely mad. Oh, I'd never think.
 Okay, how about another one? For Amy G, one of Canada's leading crime writers, how would
 Engle lost the ability to read without losing the ability to write? My gosh, I remember this guy so
 well. I found it one of the most amazing things I've ever learned. He had a stroke, didn't he?
 And literally his hand was still connected to the word. So whatever bit of his brain controlled
 his hand could still write. But when he's seeing it, he can't read it. His eyes don't know what to do.
 Yeah, crazy. Absolutely crazy. But was it a condition that was a disease that led to his death?
 I'm just thinking Terry Pratchett had a very similar thing. He got to the point where he couldn't
 read the words because they were all scrambled, but he still could obviously write what he was thinking.
 I guess the extraordinary thing is that the hand is connected to such a different part of the brain
 to the eyes. So the eyes cannot understand something that the hand can. It's like when some people
 have certain types of epilepsy or have their brains cut and are to treat it. And you know, they'll
 you'll ask them a question and they'll know the answer. But if you write it down for them, they'll
 be able to read the question, but not know the answer. It's all that the brain is insane stuff.
 Wonderful fact. Here's one. This goes out to Blue Limpet. And I hope you stick to this fact
 like Blue, Blue Limpet. It's that Steve Wozniak, co-founder of Apple and inventor of the personal
 computer, met his wife on a dial a joke call. Dan, I'm going to hand over to you to explain
 dial a joke. I think back in the day in America, there used to be people who would put out numbers
 and you would call in an answer machine would just play down to you. And so every day Steve Wozniak
 would load up new jokes onto his answer phone and people would call up and they would just learn
 a new joke to tell their friends. I believe from memory that that's what it was. I'm trying to remember
 the connection of how his wife eventually she called the dial joke. I've got I've got it in the
 archive here. And he said, I bet I can hang up faster than you and hung up. It's quite a bold move.
 And that seduced her. Yeah, apparently so she must have phoned back. Yeah, yeah.
 Playing hard to get. It works. I once saw him talk live in Edinburgh. He did a sort of just sitting
 on stage being interviewed. And afterwards everyone was lining up to meet him and get his signature.
 And he was just signing laptops and iPhone. Brilliant. Back of them. Yeah, that's that's his method of
 assigning. Yeah. And your phone over and he signs it for you. The back of them makes sense. I was
 matching the screen and thinking, how annoying was that? And they just come off after a day. Yeah.
 All right, let's do another. This one is for Farhan Abrol. And your fact, I love this one.
 Babies practice their first words before saying them out loud. Oh, good. So how much practice do they
 put in though? Because often it's just kind of blah. Oh, right. Mama. Why aren't they better?
 How much practice are they putting in? They need to put more independently. Yeah, because that's yeah,
 it's not good enough. It's very sweet. It's like baby birds do this as well, don't they? Yeah.
 They sub vocalize their songs. They'd say they sort of murmur them to themselves before singing.
 That's so good. Yeah. I would love to see if someone could film the practice. You know, I just would
 love to see the footage. If you can see their lips moving at all. If they give it even like a little
 whisper, like they're walking up and down in front of the mirror. Almost my lines. I'm lined.
 Do you guys know what your first words were? I don't know what mine was. Yeah. What was your first word?
 Apple. Apple. Really good. Which is weird, because my mum hates fruit. Never has it in the house.
 But she loves Steve Wozniak. He's the co-founder of Apple. He's fun. Yeah. She got together with him,
 actually. I'm calling up. I can't remember mine. Do you know yours? Marvelous.
 No, it's simply Marvelous. No, I don't know. Let's have another. Yes. Here's one for Lydia Grant.
 Lydia, take this. Look after it. God, it was your life. The first pair of Nike trainers
 was made in a waffle iron. Yes. I can't. Yes. It was sort of jammed into a waffle iron. I can't
 remember. Was it the pattern on the base of the shoes or something? I mean, that seems like
 the obvious bit, doesn't it? That's a bit that's like got waffle like resemblance. Yeah.
 Let's see. Well, I've checked the archive and then all we've got after that is dancing that
 Nike is pronounced Nike like my key. Okay, let's have another one. And this goes out to John
 Alexander Smith. And it's that rat's dream of places that they want to visit. I saw a rat today.
 I saw a rat today. You're kidding. Was it the safe? Was it? So was it? It had a quite long tail.
 Yes, yes, yes. It was a rat. Yes, maybe let's. Where did you see it?
 My help. Where did you see yours? Near a cafe. Mine was outside of Costa. That's so interesting. London,
 are we both talking about? Let's go guys, honestly. We can narrow this down so quickly. Mine was not
 London. Mine was London and it wasn't to Costa. Different. But Costa will be really appreciating this
 brand of messaging we're getting out for them. Pretty much outside. And it was a cute one. You know,
 some of that has looked gross. It was cute. It was queuing. It was all during a ventilator. Yeah, great.
 You know, whatever is good for business. Yeah, little gloves on. Great. Well, lovely. Love.
 Anyway, what was it like again? Rat streamer places they want to visit. Costa. Yeah. Okay. This one
 now goes out to Georgia Badgery. And her fact is that spiny ant eaters only use half their penis
 during sex. Yeah, right. I'm not even trying. They're saying to their other halves. This could be
 twice as good for you, actually. There wasn't that they used the left half of the right half. How do
 you do that? They've got very strangely shaped penises from a human perspective to them. We probably do.
 Very good. You know, we don't want to have the ant eater community writing in.
 The wakest thing I've heard. They say sorry. Yes, it's they only use the left or right heads at
 any time. Oh, double head. They've got four, actually. And they only use two at a time. I told you
 it was weird from our western point of view. Middle class, like London elite bubble.
 So that's nice. Spiny ant eaters. Spiny ant eaters. I don't think the penis is spiny. You see,
 you'd resent that name because you'd always have to explain it's not the penis that's spiny.
 Yeah, true. The only person you were explaining it to is the same species. I think they'd probably
 know. Don't need to. They don't need to say it. And my vagina isn't spiny. It's a gay. Great. Okay,
 why don't they tell us that when we're younger? It should be taught at an ant eater school.
 Okay. Let's have one last one. Here's one for Mike Spur. Mike Spur. Take care of this one. The world
 record for horse long jump is shorter than the world record for human long jump. Something
 begins to be proud of. This was one of mine. I remember discovering this. Yeah. Oh, I love this one.
 Yeah. Because you'd think the horses would be better, wouldn't you? Yes. That's why we say yes
 to me using that. That's why we were okay with it as a fighter. It's great. Whereas running,
 we're sort of neck and neck, aren't we? With horses. There's always that horse versus human
 running race in Wales somewhere, I think. It's terrain dependent. I think we can say that. I think
 distance as well. It's distance and stairs are the two complicating factors. Distance humans are
 better. I know, but not at short distance. I don't think the grand national would see the jockey
 going to know. I'll actually do this done quicker if I just do it. I'll leave you behind, Nelly.
 This fact, by the way, from memory, correct me if I'm wrong, was a fact that we did at the
 latitude festival. It was. I think it might have been our first festival. Possibly we did something
 else. That's cool. It feels like that was our first. And that is cool because this is about horses
 longitude and how long they're jumping. No. You know what I'm saying? I bet we've made that
 joke on the day. You wouldn't leave gold like that. Unpicked up. Would you? No. Yeah. All right.
 I think we can end on that note. Yeah. Yeah. Congratulations. I've run for getting through all those
 jokes. Congratulations to our eight new fact custodians by whom I mean Mike Spur, Georgia Badgery,
 John Alexander Smith, Lydia Grant, Farhan Abrol, Blue Limpet, Amy G and Alessa. Enjoy your facts,
 love them and we'll be back in another week for another little fish to dish out eight more.
 Please do send in your facts to podcast@ky.com. There's such a treat to receive. We love getting them.
 So please do keep them flooding in and we'll be back again in a few days time with another episode
 of no such thing as a big fish. Until then, it's just time to say not actually call that. Not
 actually call that. Until then, thanks to dad, my apparently live in the moment editor.
 And to Anna for taking part. Thank you for playing both of you and congratulations.
 Thank you for taking part Anna. It was a privilege. Bye.
 [Music]
