 "Hello and welcome to another episode of no such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week coming to you from the Edinburgh Fringe Festival.
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm joined by three other QILs.
 Please welcome to the stage is Andy Murray, Anna Chazinski and James Harkin.
 And once again we have gathered around the microphones with our four favorite facts
 from the last seven days and in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with you, James Harkin.
 Okay my fact this week is that dog pee makes street lights collapse.
 You've always heard the ones you love.
 How does it do that?
 Well it's urea that you get in dog pee and it's corrosive and all over the world street
 lights are falling down due to dog pee.
 There was a report that came out in San Francisco, they were just keeling over these landposts.
 The pee was really ruining them and this is a quote from them, "We encourage people and
 dogs alike to do their business in other places like a proper restroom or on one of our fire
 hydrants."
 The idea of the fire hydrants is they're made out of cast iron so they won't corrode.
 Okay but I didn't know that people pissing on landposts was a thing.
 I've only ever been doing it.
 I don't know, I've been clearly wasting my time.
 Yeah because dogs like to urinate on things in order to market as their territory don't
 they.
 Whereas humans don't really have that so we could just wee anywhere.
 That's a really good point.
 They did some tests on dogs as well, they tested how they do it in terms of status so they
 took 48 Labrados through a course which was full of the urine of other dogs because that's
 what scientists do and they found out that animals with higher tail bases and tail positions
 of the tail was higher up, they did more urine marking so they think that that is the
 sign of status.
 You do more urine marking and you are higher status if your tail is higher.
 Wow that's the equivalent of a mansion in this dog world.
 And there are some very submissive low status animals, they just fake it.
 They left a leg and then they don't spray anything and I'm saying, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
 Oh maybe they just really like street lights and they don't want to wreck them.
 That would be a nice thought.
 The legs.
 They're like environmentally friendly dogs.
 So have we other than just encouraging people not to piss landposts to death are we doing
 something about physically making land?
 Yes we are.
 Oh we are, okay cool.
 There's a dog urinal in the Spanish town of El Mandrell.
 So they have a pole and the pole has a grid underneath it and the idea is that the dogs
 will pee on this pole.
 So is it law there in where was it?
 El Mandrell.
 Is it law there that you have to train your dog to recognise a dog urinal and only urinate
 into that?
 It isn't but there is a law in Piacenza in Italy which says that someone can be fined
 500 euros for not cleaning up after your dog urinates.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 People have to walk around with a bottle of water and kind of wash it away.
 All some kitchen towel and you just snuck on it and put it in a door.
 Wow.
 Good.
 It's also happening to a museum in Dorset.
 They're very worried about it.
 It's the Bridgeport Museum and it has a really extensive archive of the town's 800 year old
 rope and netting industry and this museum is now being eroded by dog urin and they've had
 to release statements saying the museum, the full, the entire museum is going down.
 Well they just attack the wall right around and then I mean this is a great way of taking
 over somewhere eventually with war.
 It's weighing on it.
 You could just weigh on it enough and all collapse.
 Yeah.
 It's a long term strategy isn't it?
 It's not a blitzkrieg.
 Almost not worth having the place once you've weeded it today.
 Oh sure.
 But do you know why the dogs are so attracted to this rope and netting museum or is it a
 mystery?
 They're very interested in early fishing industries.
 Anyway.
 Anyway.
 We're going off topic here.
 Dog urin.
 So the innovative types are using dog feces as a solution to some problems.
 So what possible problem could you have?
 I sort of presented that quite cryptically.
 So if you put your dog waste in a bin then it goes to a site and then it gets burnt up and
 it releases lots of bad stuff into the atmosphere.
 But in Massachusetts they've created a methane digester so that you put your dog feces
 into this methane digester and it powers electricity.
 The moment it only powers one lamp I think, but it just collapsed.
 But they are working on it.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 There is a feces powered lamp in London, a street light.
 A feces powered.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 And it's right.
 It's really near the QI officers in Comic-Garden.
 It's by the Savoy Hotel.
 I can't believe people noticed me doing that, that was thing.
 And they used to have them, they used to be street lights which burned off the gas from the
 sewers.
 So the gases would come up these pipes and just be burned off at the top.
 And there's only one still working.
 But it's called the, what's it called?
 The karting lane patent sewer ventilating lamp.
 That's what it's called.
 It still works.
 Wow.
 So lamps in London, speaking of which, there are 1,500 gas lamps in London that are still
 powered by gas.
 And there's a team of five people who work for British gas, apparently.
 And they are employed to go around London every night and wind up these gas lamps.
 So they don't actually like the fire, they wind up a clock thing which ignites the gas lamp
 on the inside.
 And they climb ladders and go up there and do that every single night.
 You'll see them.
 I have never seen them.
 You aren't looking up, James, because they're looking up.
 Isn't that cool?
 They call themselves the guardians of the lamps.
 Nice.
 British gas employees.
 Yeah.
 And cool.
 I've discovered a really great place to buy urine online.
 So I just a quick shout out.
 And if anyone here or listening needs some, they're called P-Mart, P-W-Mart.
 To be called P-Bay.
 Oh, P-Bay.
 Oh.
 Oh, my God, that would have been great.
 And it's basically, this is the sort of opening blurb.
 Welcome to P-Mart, your best discount online source for 100% real undiluted predator
 pee and animal urine.
 So what they do is they sell to people who need urine in order to make a market smell so that
 they can fend off other predators coming towards them.
 Yeah, you can get gift cards.
 You can buy someone a gift card for sort of like $100 worth of pee.
 And that birthday's coming up that.
 Exactly.
 They invented this thing called pee.
 I don't know if they invented it, but they sell it's called pee gel.
 And they say, this is an amazing product.
 And I agree.
 It's designed for indoor use.
 So you can have that great pee smell inside your house.
 And no spilling, no mess, no fuss.
 And it's just basically a gel rather than a liquid that you can just smear some urine smell
 of a coyote.
 It stops, I guess, other coyotes maybe coming into your house using your sofa.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 My sofa at home is full of coyotes all the time.
 It's absolutely.
 We've got a new sponsor, by the way, for this week's podcast, guys.
 It's P-Gel.
 It's P-Mart and P-Mart.
 Yeah, P-Gel.
 But also, so you can also go down the list of all the things that they sell.
 And there's lots of animals.
 It's really cool.
 And they bottle them in those kind of, you know, when you go past those health shops where
 they have up your mass, you know, all those big, huge bottles.
 Up your what?
 Like protein shake.
 Yeah, protein shake.
 Yeah.
 Let's say there's lots of different animals.
 My favorite one that I saw is that you can buy one gallon of pure blackberry urine.
 A gallon?
 A gallon.
 That's what I thought.
 How long must it take a bed?
 A piece of gallon of urine.
 No.
 And straight into the thing as well.
 Yeah.
 Must be a nightmare.
 That could take down a building.
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Have you heard of a white-footed sportive lemurs?
 I haven't.
 No, neither had I until I found this out.
 So they're a kind of lemur and they're really anti-social.
 In fact, they actively avoid each other.
 And they go to great lengths to not see their mates or their family members or anyone else.
 And they only communicate using their communal toilets.
 That's what they do.
 What?
 They leave a set mark.
 They're writing little comments on the toilet wall.
 Yeah, basically.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And they just go and they say, oh, good, good, you know, mumble's here or whatever.
 And then--
 That's what I've seen.
 Your mumble's here.
 LAUGHTER
 That's being nearly 80 episodes before we had our first "Your Mum" joke on that.
 We stood out very well.
 Yeah.
 Other uses.
 Good uses for urine, which is backfired in this case, actually.
 A family in Bristol who tried to lure back a lost dog by leaving a trail of their own urine
 on the streets near their home have been criticised by the local council.
 LAUGHTER
 Criticised is such a nice word.
 LAUGHTER
 What did they--
 They insist it's the best way they went on forums online until our dog is lost.
 And the people on the forum said, well, you should pee all over your town.
 And it'll come back and find you.
 Apparently, it's quite a normal way of doing it, said the owner.
 Because I would just put up a sign, silly me.
 There was a vet who was interviewed about it who said he would be pleasantly surprised
 if it works.
 But probably, it would be better if they could, like, place jumpers and items of owners clothing.
 Because they really recognise things of that owner's smell of, so he said the only way
 that the urine thing would work was if the owner had an incontinence problem.
 LAUGHTER
 And we're going to have to move on to the next fact in a few minutes.
 OK, there was a book called Famicopia Batiana from 1706 by George Bate, and he had a gargle
 for mouth ulcers, which included a white dog-turd.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 How do you gargle a solid thing?
 I think you then dilute it in some water.
 Oh.
 I would say wine, actually.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, why not take the edge off it?
 LAUGHTER
 Some other uses for dogs, according to old medical dictionaries.
 Here's one from Robert James in 1743.
 He said, "Keeping a warm puppy next to one's upset belly will give a kindly and cherishing
 heat."
 Mmm.
 It's nice, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 And not quite as nice.
 Dogdung, being hot and acrid, might treat too thick.
 Might.
 Might as well give it a try.
 Anything else?
 So there's an experiment in 1955, which I really like, where the urine of
 schizophrenics was fed to spiders to find out if they made webs any differently compared
 to when they drank the urine of--
 It really sounds like they're just getting words out of the heart.
 Go, schizophrenic spiders urine.
 What are we going to do?
 Inject.
 OK.
 You can imagine that.
 They thought, I bet they make really wacky webs, but it's been crazy.
 They didn't.
 There was no marked difference in the webs of the spiders who drank the schizophrenics
 urine.
 I think they could go from it.
 The scientist said was that urine must taste extremely unpleasant.
 After taking just a sip, the spider's exhibited marked appearance.
 So if I was a spider, I would have made a web, which has said, "Screw you in the middle
 of it."
 OK.
 Let's move on to our next fact.
 Time for pack number two.
 And that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that after the button was invented, it took more than 1,000 years
 for someone to invent the buttonhole.
 What do we do with these?
 What do we do?
 Where do they go?
 Who keeps making them?
 And they were doing things like, well, I guess we'll just latch a bit of string around it.
 That might be the way it just no one thought to have created the buttonhole.
 And eventually, and I love that that must have been the biggest innovation of its day.
 Just a little slit in the bit of clothing.
 It's kind of, I mean, because the loops do work.
 So I think the buttonhole came about in the mid-13th century in Europe when the buttonhole came
 to being.
 But you know what I'm saying?
 So if you have a loop, that works perfectly well.
 I don't really see why I'm bothered to invent the buttonhole, to be honest.
 That's true.
 And they have to be reinforced, as well, because you can't just cut a hole in your clothing,
 because then that'll widen, and eventually there'll be no go for a button.
 So they do have to be reinforced, guys.
 And that public service announcement was brought to you.
 Yeah, and they were used for decoration, as well, weren't they, because they really are Nate,
 and whatever.
 There was apparently really expensive, as well, according to Franco Giacati, who is the world's
 biggest button collector.
 Wait, wait, wait, wait, wait.
 Does he have the world's largest collection of buttons, or is he the world's biggest button collector?
 He has three buttons, but he's eight but six.
 He said that there was a time when the buttons were so expensive, you could pay off a debt
 by plucking the precious button from your suit and giving it to someone.
 Wow.
 Where is that?
 That's really cool.
 There's a really, really good article about buttons on slate.com if you want to go there
 afterwards for more button stuff.
 Go on.
 The quote is, "A button packs an extraordinary amount of information about a given time and
 place, its provenance onto a crowded little canvas.
 Children learn to button and unbutton early in life, and they keep doing it until they're
 dead."
 Here's a great little thing.
 Anyone in the audience here, anyone listening at home, all of us on this stage, most likely
 the one thing that unites us, is that we're all, if you have a button on you, are wearing
 a button that comes from the same town in China.
 There is a button city in China, it's called Chalto, and Chalto produces 15 billion buttons
 a year.
 And it started because I think it was three brothers.
 They just found a few buttons on the ground, and they started collecting buttons, and then
 it turned into an industry, and it became this massive thing.
 But now they make them rather than find them.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 One of those amazing things, they find 15 billion buttons a year, but nobody knows where
 they come from.
 Yeah, but it's not every single button in the world.
 But I think it's something like three out of five people, if they're wearing buttons,
 wear buttons from button city, and button city apparently is amazing, and it's situated
 very near Toothbrush city, which produces a lot of the toothbrushes in the world.
 You should be next to Butten the Whole city.
 Something else about buttons, lots of Birmingham is built on buttons, so stay with me.
 So Shell buttons used to be extremely popular buttons made from Mother of Pearl or Shell.
 And in the 18th century, the world's button town of the 18th century was Birmingham, but
 they made a huge amount of the world's Shell buttons, and the best ones apparently required
 80 different processes in order to just make a button.
 And there was so much waste shell, which they produced that they dug enormous pits to bury
 it all.
 And lots of buildings in Birmingham today, especially in the jewelry quarter, have their foundations
 on Mother of Pearl.
 So they're all on sort of buttons in Butten of Pearl.
 Wow.
 Who was that?
 I did not know that.
 It's really interesting.
 Did you know that cloth buttons were illegal in 17th century France?
 No.
 They sound totally useless.
 I would ban them.
 Like buttons made of cloth.
 That wasn't the reason they banned them.
 Basically, it was due to big button.
 Yeah.
 It was the handicraft industry who said that basically by making these cloth buttons it was going
 to make our other buttons made out of pearl or whatever, they were going to make them obsolete.
 And it was so bad that officials would go to houses and search them, looking for buttons.
 And you could be arrested for enjoying the button in the privacy of your own home.
 I got into this article, I read.
 Wow.
 When we say enjoying a button, I mean, you're enjoying a button.
 I think you might have to be arrested.
 There was, so a button alternative since we didn't really figure out the buttonhole thing
 in ancient Greece, in ancient Rome, was the fibula, which was a four and other safety
 pin.
 It essentially was exactly like a safety pin.
 And they had these in ancient Greece and Rome.
 And that's an example of one of these things, which I love, which is an invention that vanished
 for about 2,000 years.
 And a safety pin resurfaced in...
 So they had a safety pin in ancient Greece?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So that's why they did that there.
 Tunex.
 The guy who invented the modern safety pin was called Walter Hunt, I think.
 And he sold his patent for $400 because he had, he had like a gambling debt or something.
 So he sold his patent so that he could pay off his debt because he thought, oh, it's
 a safety pin.
 It's nothing.
 It's not really important.
 That is how I feel about safety, it depends, to be honest, but actually, as a commercial
 person.
 And also, he invented, I think, like a sewing machine, like similar to, it lies how invented
 the actual sewing machine, but he did a precursor to it.
 And he didn't patent that because he thought it would put a lot of seamstresses out of
 work.
 Oh, no!
 Yeah.
 Did the opposite of that?
 [Laughter]
 Created a massive global industry.
 [Laughter]
 Oh, my friend.
 [Laughter]
 One thing that buttons, so when the buttonhole did come into being, one thing that they were
 useful in fashion between 13th and 15th centuries was detachable sleeves.
 So that was a really fashionable thing, is that you would have, you know, you could swap between
 outfits.
 It would look like you were wearing a different outfit every time, you had lots, you had
 a sleeve drawer, which was just sleeves.
 No.
 And you'd probably, they did.
 I don't know.
 They had lots of different sleeves.
 [Laughter]
 Where else are you going to keep the sleeves?
 That's really cool.
 That is really cool.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 One day, you might accidentally leave the house with odd sleeves on.
 Oh, disaster.
 Yeah.
 And then some people say, he's just doing on purpose to be pretentious.
 Yeah.
 So, basically, before the buttonhole was invented, buttons did become very popular.
 Everyone was wearing them ornamentally.
 And one of the hangovers of that time, which we rarely think about, I was reading this in
 Bill Bryson's book at home.
 If you think about a suit coat and the buttons by the cuff, they're not practical buttons.
 They're just ornamental.
 So, do you want a mental on each side?
 Yeah, that is weird.
 Yeah.
 So, that's a hangover from back in the day pre-buttonhole.
 Well, so another hangover, which we are wearing every day, every female in the audience, symbols
 of sexism of the olden days, is the fact that buttons on women's clothes are on the opposite
 side to buttons on men's clothes.
 So, there are loads of theories about why that is.
 Well, the main theory I've heard is that women were dressed by maids.
 Yeah.
 And so, the maids who were mostly right handed would kind of be easier for them because it
 was on the left hand side, whereas men dressed themselves.
 I thought it was because all women are left handed.
 I've heard so, yeah, I think that is the main theory.
 Although, like anyway, it's just the main theory, the main theory.
 No, no, the all the family theory.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, it's true.
 But another theory is that, so men have them on the right hand side because they would
 have their weapons in their right hand when they were kind of weapons.
 So, they would be...
 So, when you're trying to get undressed and kill someone at the same time.
 Exactly, it's much easier, one-handed.
 I will deal to the death, but... *laughs*
 *laughs*
 Gillian Lincoln's can't stand to be in the same room as friends and family who word buttons.
 Who?
 She's called Gillian Lincoln's and she has something called "Koom Poomophobia", which is the fear
 of buttons.
 She's had it since she was age seven, and her boyfriend, Nate Dorrington, can only work
 clothes with zips.
 Wow.
 Her name is Lincoln's, which is nicely ironic.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 And the function of a button.
 Do you know who else had that?
 Yeah, yeah.
 We must have read the same thing.
 Yeah, let's say it together.
 Okay, ready?
 One, two, three.
 Steve Jobs.
 Steve Jobs was scared of buttons, and partially there's a theory that that's why it led to the
 buttonless iPhone because he was so...
 *laughter*
 Yeah, so Steve Jobs, he actually had a fear of buttons.
 Yeah, he did say that in...
 Yeah, 2007, I think.
 The other person who had a fear of buttons was Napoleon's, I think, great granddaughter, Marie
 Bonaparte.
 Oh, really?
 Really?
 Yep.
 Wow.
 That's true.
 Is she the one who had a clitoris moved?
 Yeah.
 Moved?
 I don't know.
 We can't wait for it.
 Just to a holiday house.
 *laughter*
 Yeah.
 Very, very quickly.
 She did some studies where she looked at the distance between the clitoris and the vagina
 where there were lots of women and found out that those where it was closer had more orgasms
 and she wants to have more orgasms, so moved her clitoris surgically close, etc.
 She had to move twice and it didn't work.
 It's very sad.
 It's extremely sad.
 Yeah, yeah.
 How the mighty families have fallen.
 *laughter*
 Napoleon's army actually had a situation with buttons, which was that their buttons were
 made out of tin.
 And I've read.
 I don't know if this is actually a solid theory, but apparently when they were marching
 into Russia, it was so cold that the tin crumbled and so their uniforms opened wide up and suddenly
 they were exposed to the cold and that's what led to a lot of deaths, so...
 So, as they were invading, it was kind of like watching the full Monty coming towards you.
 *laughter*
 I've read that theory.
 I've read different things about it though.
 I've read people contradicting it and people saying yes, no, it's definitely a year.
 So, yeah, I'm not sure.
 I'm going to have to move us on.
 Go worries.
 Anyone else?
 Got something?
 Just that the button replacement is the zip in the modern era and you've got to be aware
 of the zip because it is by far and away the most common cause of penis injury.
 So, between 2002 and 2010, there were almost 18,000 people in the US alone who were hospitalised
 because of penile injury.
 You can imagine they all arrived on the same day.
 Imagine the coincidence.
 It was after a big charity pulled your flies up.
 And also, possibly not interestingly for men, but it is almost only ever the penis and not
 the testicles or good news of the testicles, very hard to get them caught in the zip.
 It's more like, it's not like no news for the testicles and very, very bad news for the penis.
 When they invented the zip, it was marketed as a better way to do up your trousers as you
 are less likely to forget to do up a zipper as you were to forget to do up buttons, but also
 less likely to chop your cock off with buttons.
 OK, time for fact number three and that is Andy Murray.
 OK, my fact is that as a baby, St Nicholas refused to drink his mother's breast milk on
 fast days.
 So on Wednesdays and Fridays, St Nicholas would refuse to suckle because he was so holy,
 so young, except in the evening when it was allowed because the day was over.
 So there are other saints where this happens.
 So there's a biography of the fifth century St Candid, which says that as a baby, he completely
 refused to suckle at his mother's right breast.
 But if she had eaten a delicious meal, he also refused to suckle at her left breast.
 Wow.
 What?
 So he wasn't allowed to enjoy it too much.
 So if she didn't have delicious meal, then it breastmilk is more delicious.
 Exactly.
 It was like an abstinence thing.
 Maybe there's so much more advance than we give them credit for.
 Do you know who the patron saint of breastfeeding is?
 It's not St Nicholas.
 No, it's St Giles.
 And before he became a saint, he withdrew deep into the forest near Neem, where he lived
 on his own.
 And his sole companion was a deer who sustained him with her milk.
 Oh.
 A weird person to nominate is a patron saint of breastfeeding because it is not a conventional
 way to breastfeed.
 Yeah.
 But he is also the patron saint of Edinburgh, St Giles.
 And the patron saint of people who are afraid of the dark.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's very good knowledge.
 Wow.
 And the patron saint of Glasgow is St Mungo, and St Mungo died of shock after getting to a very
 hot bath.
 Guys, I think I can handle a bath.
 It is really hot, St Mungo.
 Please.
 Why are you calling me saint?
 So just one more saint. St Gwen, the white, was the mother of two young sons, and then she
 gave birth to a third son.
 And in order to help her, nursing her third infant, God miraculously gave her a third breast.
 And she became known as Gwen of the three paps.
 Anyway.
 St Nicholas about this fact is, so one of his miracles, which is particularly impressive,
 I think.
 He was someone who was selling pickled ham in a street market, and St Nicholas realised
 that he was not selling pickled ham as the science suggested.
 He was selling the pickled, chopped up bodies of three small children, and he pieced them
 together.
 But it's not sad because he pieced them together and he brought the children back to life
 again.
 So that is impressive, isn't it?
 The Gurkin triplets.
 Yeah.
 I got.
 Yeah, we should clarify that, like stories about what saints do, we're not necessarily
 presenting us.
 I know.
 I don't know what to write down as interesting, because it sounds like wherever he walked, he
 would be in a situation and he would pray it away.
 So he'd be like, oh, we're at the ocean, and we're in the ocean, and sailors are vomiting,
 and there's a whirlpool.
 I'll just do a quick prayer.
 What is true about him actually is that he slapped somebody once, and he slapped a fellow
 bishop.
 Yes, because it's the great Aryan controversy, which is the controversy about whether Jesus
 is actually fully divine or whether he's sort of half divine because he was also a human.
 And basically, it's the Nicholas strongly believed that Jesus is God, and someone suggested
 that Jesus wasn't quite either divine or human.
 And he got up, it was at some sign-on in the year 325 AD, and the Nicholas got up, crossed
 the room, and gave him a big slap round the face.
 Wow.
 And that is where we get the phrase, bashing the bishop.
 So, yeah, I'm not sure, like you're saying, the saints didn't do these things, is that?
 That's that religious, in any way, for instance, there are a few saints who would decapitated
 and carried their own heads.
 You're saying that that didn't happen as well?
 No, I definitely am not saying that.
 Saint Jean of Lajara who carried his own severed head and threw it into the throne, or Paul
 of Tarsus, who had his head shot off, and then said, "Jesus Christ, 50 times after it
 have been shot off."
 Wow.
 Well, you might not have said it in that way, but 50 times.
 50 times as a mate, or the first time it would be amazing, and then the tenth time it would
 be, "Okay, we've got to eat."
 It's about a 50th time, "Okay, can you just shut up, man?"
 There's actually a real problem with Saint Sue, our beheaded, and then carry their heads
 around where to put the halo.
 So, I think there's some controversy as to whether you put it over their severed neck
 when you're painting them, or whether you put it above the head here, and there's mixed
 views.
 We'll see both.
 You'll see both.
 Wow.
 Wow.
 Can I bring it back to breast milk very quickly here?
 Okay.
 Is this another website?
 So, I found a great place to buy breast milk online.
 So, only thebreast.com, and this genuinely is simply the breast.
 I know we should have been right.
 Think out there, guys.
 And this is a genuine place where people trade breast milk online, and you have all sorts
 of categories, subcategories of types of breast milk that you can buy and have shipped
 to your house.
 You can have zero to two months.
 There was fresh breast milk on demand, special diet, brackets, vegan, etc.
 And then the final one is willing to sell to men.
 Yeah.
 Pretty disgusting, right?
 I've heard, I don't know if this is true, that bodybuilders like to have breast milk,
 because they're theory, and apparently this is complete rubbish, but their theory is
 a baby goes from really small to quite big, and a really small amount of time.
 So, surely the same will happen to my muscles.
 Do you want to combine, marrying the two together, saints and breast milk?
 Oh, yeah.
 Have you heard of the miracle of the lactation of st. Bernard?
 This is where st. Bernard was praying, and the Virgin Mary, one who was praying, sprinkled
 some milk on his lips, as in her own breast milk, and there are other depictions of it,
 which are quite impressive.
 So, I'm quoting directly from the Wikipedia article about the lactation of st. Bernard.
 In art, he usually kneels before a Madonna lactens, breastfeeding Madonna, and as Jesus takes
 a break from feeding, the Virgin squeezes her breast, and he is hit with a squirt of milk,
 often shown travelling and impressive distance.
 That's true.
 It is across the room that it's depicted, and it's medieval artworks that you get this
 in.
 Yeah.
 Well, man can that take?
 Can't they?
 Yes.
 You've discussed it before, have you massaged your nipples enough as a man, then you can
 bring it on?
 Did you ever do that experiment, Andy?
 I was it done, who was going to do it?
 I did have a go, yes.
 Yeah.
 And was it successful?
 Not a dribble.
 Nothing.
 Furious.
 It's been all weeks.
 It's so weird on the train.
 It's research.
 It's a research.
 Yeah.
 No.
 No.
 No.
 Not a drop yet.
 Yeah.
 I'm not getting up.
 Do you want to hear about St. Philip Neary, who's known as the humorous saint?
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 It's like, oh, I've got a really funny mate.
 Yeah.
 You've got to meet him.
 Funny Mike.
 It really is like that.
 It's so sad.
 His basically all he did that was funny is he once shaved off half his beard as a way of
 poking fun at himself, and he also liked to wear a cushion on his head.
 How come?
 And he's doing his debut solo hour, sea venues.
 So he was sainted for that?
 He must have done some other stuff.
 I don't know.
 It was very much easier back then, wasn't it?
 We're going to have to move on very soon.
 Can I just tell you very quickly about the infancy gospels of Jesus, because as another
 young, more than a saint, he was a Jesus, wasn't he?
 So there are some second-century sources which describe what Jesus did as a very, very small
 boy when he was about five years old.
 And they're really amazing, because they're very different to the gospels.
 So when he was five years old, he gathered together separate rivers, which had all been
 desperate pools of water and he gathered them into a single pond, and he cleaned it up,
 and then a boy ruined them by sort of sweeping them apart with the broom.
 So Jesus immediately just made the boy withered.
 And then there was another time when a boy bumped into him and he, Jesus, immediately killed
 him.
 Wow.
 Oh my God.
 The parents of the boy who Jesus has killed go to Joseph saying, "Your son's killed our
 son."
 So Jesus simply struck blind all of his accuses.
 And then Joseph sort of boxes his ear and tells him off, "Wow, infancy gospels, look
 come up, they're really good."
 It's time for our final fact and that is Joszynski.
 Yeah, my fact is that when Ronald Reagan left office, he left a note on the White House
 lawn for these squirrels warning them to beware of George Bush's dogs.
 Yeah, it's quite sweet, isn't it?
 It's sweet.
 Yeah, but also he's assuming that squirrels can read, is he?
 Yeah, I mean he wasn't the sharpest on the shed, but he was very fond of the squirrels.
 And sadly, George Bush recounted later that it did absolutely no good because their dog
 millie beat the heck out of those squirrels whenever he could, she could.
 Oh, wow.
 You should have left also a sign for the dog saying, "Don't get the squirrels."
 I didn't need to do that.
 Yeah.
 They currently have, and this is like hot off the press, the White House is having squirrel
 issues at the moment with Michelle Obama's garden.
 Oh, well, because they always dig up.
 My friends spent an entire weekend planting lots of bulbs in her garden and went back and
 like a hundred bulbs of them and dug up.
 So it's probably that.
 There's a silly little legal issue that the gardeners are not allowed to touch the bit of
 garden that she's created, but she's away so much that she's actually not able to maintain
 it.
 They can't mo it, they can't weed it, they can't do anything to it, but water it, and it's
 just been...
 So they're allowed to go near the first lady's garden?
 Yeah.
 I cannot really.
 So that she's saying to them, "Please do go near it."
 And they're like, "We want to, but there's this clause somewhere in our legislation that
 says we're not allowed to touch your bit of garden."
 I genuinely didn't read the article.
 I have no idea what.
 But they are.
 So squirrels are prolific on the White House lawn and Reagan was really fond of them and
 it's kind of touching.
 So every time he went to Camp David, he'd bring lots of acorns back from there to feed the
 squirrels.
 I was reading a trans...
 What?
 Yeah, he loved to feed the squirrels.
 I was reading a transcript of an interview that he was having.
 I think it was with the New York Times where basically he...there was in the transcript, there's
 a pause at one point and he says, "Oh, sorry if I look out the window and look distracted,
 I'm just seeing if the squirrels are still eating the acorns that I brought in this morning."
 Oh my god.
 Well, it's a good thing there wasn't anything going on at the time, like the Cold War.
 Wow.
 Come on.
 It's cute.
 I read a thing about Reagan because Reagan was obviously...he was an actor in B-Movies.
 He was starting films with amazing titles.
 Accidents will happen, girls on probation, the angels wash their faces, brother, rat and
 a baby.
 But his...but his IMDB page begins with this quotation.
 Ronald Reagan is arguably the most successful actor in history and they've faced that on the
 fact that he became president of America but it's not a success as an actor.
 I really like the pedantic nature of that comment because he is the most successful
 person who has also been an actor.
 Yes.
 You can't fault it.
 That's true.
 That's true.
 Did you guys know that it is because of him that we have blue jelly beans?
 No.
 No.
 Why?
 I didn't know we have blue jelly beans actually.
 You always feel the skepticism emanating.
 I know.
 The whole room goes, it's not true, isn't it?
 It's true.
 It was for his inauguration.
 So basically, he was a massive jelly bean lover.
 The reason he was a massive jelly bean lover is because he had a huge pipe smoking habit
 and he hated it and he didn't want to smoke anymore.
 The only thing that would stop him from having any nicotine would be to have a jar of jelly
 beans.
 And often, if you look at photos of Ronald Reagan in all the meetings that he's in, there's
 a big jar of jelly beans next to him.
 Wow.
 And so he loved licorice.
 That was his favorite type of jelly bean before the inauguration because jelly bean
 caught on to it.
 They thought we're going to create one.
 We don't have a blue one for the red, white and blue.
 And so they created it.
 And so, yeah.
 Ronald Reagan.
 Wow.
 That is really interesting.
 Thank you.
 One thing he didn't like was Brussels sprouts.
 He once did a trip to England and he was fed so many Brussels sprouts during his trip that
 he swore off them for the rest of his life.
 But they told him they were green jelly beans as they created it in his honour.
 You know, when he was an actor, so I was reading, he actually wrote two autobiographies, but
 his later one after he was president.
 He told about when he was an actor.
 And the fact that there was a lot of talk backstage about how small his head was.
 And so he was there with this casting director who was saying, "What are we going to do about
 Ronald's head?"
 You could stay in the actors slightly further away from him.
 And then it would match the size of their heads from back there, yeah.
 But then his body looks weirdly large, so it's fine that, to be in a successful actor,
 he had to have very wide colours to minimise his shoulder width and have colours that
 were sort of open up a little bit lower.
 So it looked like his head was a bit bigger, I guess, to increase the amount of skin exposure
 in the head area.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah.
 Poor guy.
 Imagine, he was the most successful actor of all time, so that is true.
 Who can forget watching Brother Rattander Baby every Christmas?
 You know, he wrote his first autobiography 16 years before he became president?
 Wow.
 In 1965, he was saying, "And it was called "Where's the rest of me?"
 What did he talk about his head?
 Was this next autobiography called "Here it is?"
 Very forward thinking.
 He was once threatened by a guy who was going to attack him, and the way he was known as
 the Katman, and the reason was because he would send threatening letters, but also pictures
 of Katz.
 Oh, the president.
 Yeah.
 That is the precursor to the internet, I think.
 Lots of purpose was abuse, and then pictures of Katz.
 And the other thing that Reagan started was the idea that whenever a president leaves, he
 always leaves a note for the next president, and he wrote a note saying, "Don't let the
 turkeys get you down to George Bush."
 Sorry.
 What is the relevant of the turkeys?
 The turkeys is in the press, the other countries.
 Don't let the turkeys get you down.
 It's not about turkeys, is it?
 Because that's a very specifically racist thing to say when you're taking over the most
 powerful mission.
 So this was discovered by Brad Meltzer, not the fact that that note was left for Bush, but
 that Bush then said, "I left a note for Clinton."
 And Brad Meltzer, he's a crime writer, political thrillers.
 He then said, "This is apparently, he thinks this is true."
 Wherever Ronald Reagan went, he had a briefcase with him, and always carried a hand-held gun
 on him.
 Okay.
 What's the opposite of a hand-held gun?
 A foot-propelled bow and arrow.
 He was, I just always think this is amazing.
 His Chief of Staff, do people know what his Chief of Staff it's called?
 Ronald Reagan's.
 Yeah.
 No.
 He was called Donald Reagan.
 I don't understand why this isn't the most well-known fact on the base of the earth, and
 the Chief of Staff who preceded him was called Baker, so the Chief of Staff who preceded Donald
 Reagan was called Howard Baker, and the guy who came after him was called James Baker.
 So people say Ronald Reagan was a bit confused in the '80s, but I definitely see where he's
 coming from.
 Yes.
 Annoyingly, we're running out of time, in fact, we're on the time-run-out moment, so any
 last facts?
 I'm very quick.
 One about squirrels?
 Yeah, one.
 It used to be illegal, not to report a gray squirrel in your garden.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 I think that gray squirrels were brought to the UK by Benjamin Franklin.
 He brought squirrels over to the UK, according to newsforsquirrels.com, the blog.
 How many years does it get?
 It's had a lot this week.
 Male-caped ground squirrels have very big genitalia.
 The penises can be 40% the length of their body, and they can undo auto-filate, yeah.
 And according to researcher Jane Warteman, they do it to clean their genitals.
 Sorry, we'll send you usual buttony of this.
 Sorry, only 40% got it, no, no, no, no, that doesn't do it.
 Okay, that's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for being here, guys.
 We really appreciate it.
 Thank you at home for listening to the show.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said over the
 course of this podcast, please get us on our Twitter account.
 I'm on @TriberlandAndy@AndrewHunterM, James@X8Anna, you can email our podcast@guide.com, yeah, or you
 could.
 It's a fantastic email just to be found.
 You can also find all of our previous episodes on those such things at fish.com, and we will
 be back again with another episode next week.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [Applause]
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
