 "Hey there Club Fish members, Dan here. Hope you're all doing well. Welcome to a bonus
 compilation episode. These are all the bits that didn't make it to the main show either
 because they just didn't fit the narrative or they're on a tangent, they just didn't
 fit the shape, so we bung them all together here so that you can hear the stuff that didn't
 make it. Quite excitingly, for this particular compilation, it's not just the voice of us
 for fishers, but we have a bunch of guests, so you'll remember we did some Edinburgh
 shows recently, and a bunch of the offcuts from those recordings have made their way
 here, so you're gonna hear, and you'll be hearing them in this order, Ian Smith, Elf
 Lions, you're gonna get a couple of sentences from Ahir Shah, there's Andrew O'Neill, and
 then finally Nish Kumar, and you're also gonna hear a couple of audience-submitted facts
 that we riff on as well. So that's the show for today. Thank you everyone who came to
 our live shows by the way. We had two live shows very recently at the London podcast
 festival, Jamie Morton from My Dad Wrote a Porno was there, we had a really great night
 with him, and then the following night we had Richard Osman on, and again, just a wild,
 brilliant live show. We love our live shows so much, and if you missed out on it, they're
 obviously gonna be coming out as edited episodes, but if you wanna see the full thing, like
 from the moment that we walk on stage, all the way through to the quiz that we play at
 the end, you can still get access to the live stream video. If you go to knowsuchthingasafish.com/live,
 you're gonna find a link that will take you to the Kings Place website, where you can
 buy the live stream video. That's gonna be up for the next week. We're trying to see
 if we can get an extension on it, so if you wanna check that out, do that, and you'll
 notice, if you have headed to our website, that there is another link there for the Cheltenham
 Literary Festival. That's happening on the 16th of October, so we're doing another live
 show. It's part of this brilliant literature festival, and we are gonna be joined on stage
 by one of our favorite people, Rachel Parris. So if you happen to be in the area, come and
 say hi. Okay, let's get on to this compilation, and we begin with Ian Smith, who by the way
 was nominated for the best show at the Edinburgh Fringe this year for his show, "Foot Spa
 Half Empty", so that's very cool. But let's get into it. Here we go, on with the compilation.
 I found a story that happened in 2008 of a real-life jigsaw problem, and I wonder, 'cause
 I can't find an update on it, whether or not this person is still trying to solve it. So
 this is a bin man who was called Graham Hill, and he found in a bunch of bags, £10,000 worth
 of £10 and £20 notes, and he handed it over to the police. He said, 'I found this', and
 after the amount of time that's required for them to keep it and wait for someone to claim
 it, had passed, they gave it back to him, so he was 10,000 quid richer, except for some
 reason every single one of the bills had been cut into tiny small pieces, and the Bank of
 England had said, 'If you can put them all back together, absolutely they're legal tender,
 and you've got £10,000, but right now you just have shreds of £10,000'. And so that's
 what he has in his house, so he apparently was gonna make an attempt to try and jigsaw
 piece it back together. When was this done? 2008. Wow, it's a different time. Like these
 days you get bankers who have lost their Bitcoin and put it in a dump, and they're trying to
 get that back, but in those days it was just bin men with bags of shredded money, wasn't
 it? Yeah. Because if your money rips, you can put it together with sellotape. Like I've
 seen that before where I've got a note that is stuck, and that's fine. Yeah, I think what
 you need is there's a serial number on every bank note, and that needs to be exactly correct
 because they'll check it, and so if it's in two pieces, that's easy, you just sellotape
 it, but if it's in a thousand pieces. Yeah. How did he know it was worth £10,000? Like
 if you presented me with a bin bag full of shredded money, how would you assess? I think
 that's about £10,000 worth of that. I can do that with complete notes. I have no idea.
 So you can weigh them. So you can weigh them. You know how much paper there is, and you know
 how much one note weighs, and you just divide them. Yes. That's clever. That's clever. I'm
 just being reminded, one of my first ever paid gigs that I ever got in stand-up was up the
 creek, and I was handed an envelope of money, and I think it was something like £200 that
 I'd made, and I was very excitedly saying to my friends, "Let's go to the pub walking
 down the street," and I ripped open the envelope, and hadn't... I ripped it over on the side,
 and I tore all the money. This was before it went to plastic. I tore all the money,
 and Gustav Windcab blew off the top third of all my notes. And yet you continued with
 your comedy career, despite that very obvious side from the universe that it wasn't for
 you. Well, you can talk about it. That gave me five minutes for my next set.
 One of the... This is only vaguely related, but it's one of the funniest things I've seen,
 and it does involve wind, but I was in New Zealand with Finn Taylor, and I think Phil
 sang. And Finn Taylor was talking about how he had a small part in the new Tomb Raider
 film, and I think it was cut from the final edit. I'm not sure if it was on special features
 or anything, but he basically said, "This cast and crew cap is the only memento that
 I have from the film." And then almost immediately, like a sitcom, Gustav Wind blew the hat into
 the water as the boat's going away, and was just sort of like... Almost didn't laugh,
 but just remember saying, "That's the funniest thing. That's the funniest thing I've ever
 seen. The timing of it." But I still felt like... But I can't laugh because I think it's sad
 as well, but yeah, it was so perfect. It's lost all proof using that movie.
 Would you like some beat slang? Oh yeah. Right. I'm feeling hairy. What's that? My tender
 profile. No, good is good, feeling hairy. Feeling good. My rod. My rod. Car. Like a hot rod.
 Exactly. Let's stable the iron. Put it back in your trousers, mate. It's parked the car.
 What's a kick stick? Kick stick. It's not on your bike, is it? It's not the... No, that's
 a kick stand. Nice. It's a cigarette. Kick stick. To give you a kick. Right. Yes, sir.
 But they were very quickly taking the piss out of the beats. Yeah. And the Village Voice
 magazine in New York, they ran a rent a beat-knit competition. Right. Where you could hire a
 beat-knit for your party. They did it as a joke, and then they actually, I think, started
 getting beat-poets in who said, "Yeah, I could do with $40." All right. Yeah. Bongo's optional.
 Yeah, I don't know how they earned any money, because most of them didn't actually publish
 anything, or like a lot of their... One of the main members, Neil Cassidy, I don't think
 he published anything. Oh, he did? Well, maybe posthumously, yeah. Possthumously. Yeah,
 it's not what it helps, is it? Can you just put this beer on my tab? I'm going to publish
 some stuff posthumously, and I'll make sure you get it. Posthumously tab is a great idea.
 I'm going to be massive, I promise. One of my favourite clowns from history is Lulu Adams,
 a UK clown. And she was known as one of the first ever women circus clowns. She was born
 in 1900, and she was like the first ever female clown to appear at Olympia. And I just think
 she was incredible. She played the bagpipe, she could ride a horse. At the same time,
 her whole family were in the circus, like just a proper, old-fashioned showwoman show
 family. And she did a double act with her husband, Albertino, and they got hired by
 the Bertram Mill Circus, which was such a big deal. And they got offered a contract,
 which was like, I think, $35 or £35 a week, which was the equivalent of like £2,000 a
 week now, which was massive to go to New York to do this amazing tour of their act.
 And then they went on air, this was in 1948, and they were being interviewed on the New
 York Radio in April on the day, the opening night, and they asked Albertino what's it
 like to perform. And as he answered, he died on air of a heart attack. And that evening,
 Lulu Adams went on stage and continued to do the double act. And she completed the entire
 nine-month contract on her own. And the newspaper article was like the first female clown is
 smiling even though her heart is breaking. But it's just, and then she continued performing
 for the rest of her life and then moved to Brighton and made costumes for performers.
 What a professional. That's professionalism. And I want to say that if all the three of
 you guys who do the podcast with me died, I would continue to do it as if nothing had
 happened.
 Right, Anna, we know. You say that every week, Anna, and it's starting to pull.
 Yeah, my booby traps keep failing, it's a shame.
 I really miss what sounds like the golden age of non-imperson dating, which is the video
 dating thing. So this was on TV as a kind of joke when I was growing up. Like, you sit
 in a studio, you record a video of yourself.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah. There was a guy called Jeffrey Elman. He set it up. He was a young videographer.
 And so you have this huge library of videos, and then you just watch like a five minute
 tape of any potential person. And you say, right, I'm interested in Jennifer. And then
 Jennifer gets a phone call saying, Greg is interested in you. Can you go in and view
 Greg's video?
 Right.
 And literally a VHS.
 Yes.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And so, like, it's laborious. But the thing is, the way the interviews were conducted,
 this guy, Jeffrey Elman, did the interviews himself, right? You'd fill out a form of your
 preferences and then he would do a little interview with you.
 But he would also kind of interrogate you. So listen to this. Elman recollected, I'd
 say to you, you've got five kids and you live way out in the suburbs. Now, I don't mean
 to insult you, Ethel, but how dateable are you? And then Ethel's on the spot having to
 answer. Like, well, I'm, you know, I can send the kids off to their auntie or whatever. Like,
 as in she's having to answer for herself.
 Yeah, that's a bit probing.
 But it's kind of, I suppose, the reasoning was she's proving, oh no, look, this is how
 great I am as a match or a prospect.
 They must give Ethel the questions beforehand.
 I don't know.
 I quite like the idea of the Jeremy Paxman kind of dating service, whereas if you answer
 on a plate, it's just seven-ten points.
 It's just the same question, yeah.
 So you'd like films. Well, I've seen them. It had 17 franchises by the mid-80s. And there
 was one, there was even, there was one specifically for people in Washington, D.C. with herpes.
 That's how successful it was.
 Wow.
 I don't know why.
 I don't know why.
 I suppose if you have herpes, then you should only shag people with herpes. Is that the
 thinking?
 Absolutely. That is the thinking, clearly.
 Yeah.
 And that's, we've mentioned this before, but that's basically one of the reasons the
 YouTube guys gave for setting up YouTube at all was that video dating. So you would put
 up a video of yourself in this exact same way, but you're knocking out VHS and you just
 click to the next link. That was largely part of the creation of it.
 I watch everything on two-time speed with stuff like that to get through it. So I'd
 be disappointed when they turned up with normal, bassy voices.
 Shit, Monk sorted it.
 If we gave dinosaurs to every country in the world, it wouldn't help because dinosaurs
 couldn't live today.
 Really?
 And that is because in the Cretaceous era, they had about 35% oxygen and today we have
 about 21% oxygen. So there wouldn't be enough oxygen for them to live. They'd all be sort
 of gasping for air the whole time.
 That'd be terrible.
 You're telling me that this series of documentaries I watch, set on Isle and Nubart.
 I don't know. I haven't seen it, but they all have like gas masks and equipment.
 It's pretty upsetting.
 You haven't seen Jurassic Park?
 I'm afraid I haven't.
 Not any of them.
 No, but there's a new one out, isn't there? So I think they might have to catch up.
 Start with the new one and work backwards. That's how you're meant to do it, like the
 Star Wars films.
 Here's the thing on diplomacy. So we talked about dinosaur diplomacy. There's other things
 like ping pong diplomacy, where China and America played ping pong against each other.
 There is panda diplomacy, where China gave out pandas to different countries. And I
 found one called xylophone diplomacy. Does anyone know what that is?
 Feels like we can guess.
 Try the dinosaur thing. You play the ribs of the dinosaur like a xylophone and that
 lightens the mood at tricky summits.
 You send everyone xylophones and that gives the primary school children something to do
 and parents are very grateful.
 No, I read this in The Economist and it says xylophone diplomacy, a made up term created
 in order to have an entry for the letter x in The Economist A to Z of international relations.
 Right, thanks a lot.
 Love it.
 The way all these things worked, I guess, is you sent in a bit of money and you filled
 out a questionnaire, which could be very long. So the operation match was 75 questions.
 And then they took your questionnaire and they tried to match it up with others using
 a computer algorithm, which is why it was computerized.
 I think a good way of doing it would be to have like 10,000 questions that you have to
 go through and you're matched by how far you go through before you give up.
 That's very good.
 Because I think I would be well matched to someone who had the same level of getting
 bored quickly as I do.
 I think you'd answer them all because you're a completist. Do you like long lists of information?
 And probably the person who dated me would need to be similar to put up with that.
 I do have a dating app for you, James. I know you're off the market, but there is a new
 one in the USA called SCORE, which is a dating app for people who have a good to excellent
 credit rating.
 Oh!
 And it's...
 I do have a good credit rating.
 I knew you were excellent.
 I just think that's so... I think that's quite good, actually, like...
 It's very sensible.
 I disagree. I think that's a good case of opposites attract.
 Actually, you're so right, but much more responsible to pay yourself up with someone with a bad
 one so you can raise them up to your level.
 Absolutely.
 That's not how it works. They drag you down. Anna.
 That's what happens in love.
 You're right.
 You're right.
 Drag each other down.
 I've got one here from Jeffrey Partica, which is a fishy stretch, it's been said.
 That was disgusting.
 It is a stretch of a fact, but I'm reading it because I know Tom Cruise is a huge, huge
 deal in Andy's life.
 So, Tom Cruise took up race car driving and got married because of the Russian Revolution.
 Okay.
 Now, it's a long journey. There's a long journey to get to what this is. 1917, Rubin Malmoulian
 was studying at a stage production at the Imperial Moscow University in the hopes of
 directing, and he was from a Tsarist family, so he fled America when the revolution broke
 out.
 He became a director...
 Fled to America.
 Sorry.
 Very few people fled America when the Russian Revolution broke out.
 That's too cautious.
 Yeah, he fled to America.
 And years later, he becomes the initial director of Cleopatra with Elizabeth Taylor.
 There was lots of problems, constant script changes, creative differences, so he was
 eventually replaced as the director.
 So then Paul Newman and Elizabeth Taylor were scheduled to be in the movie together,
 but because of the shooting delays, because of this, Taylor was prevented from joining
 the film, so both roles were recast with Robert Mitchum and Shirley MacLean, which freed up
 Paul Newman to be in The Hustler with Jackie Gleason.
 The Hustler is credited with popularizing pool in America, giving Paul Newman a lifelong
 love of the game.
 It also allowed him to reprise his role as Fast Eddie Felsen 25 years later in the Scorsese
 sequel, The Color of Money.
 James has started eating a biscuit.
 He's likely performatively.
 He could be more far away from the microphone right now.
 That's what happens when he gets interested.
 I don't think I'm going to be needed for a few more minutes.
 It was in this movie, as Fast Eddie Felsen, that Paul Newman introduced Tom Cruise to
 the thrill of driving too fast.
 Thanks to his new love, Cruise was cast in the Nascar movie Days of Thunder.
 He met Nicole Kidman.
 Oh, that's the only one, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 And then it just ends.
 There might have been a few other consequences due to the Russian Revolution, but I think
 it'd be difficult to find something more inane.
 That's certainly the worst consequence.
 No, that's terrific.
 Tom Cruise could have had a career as a kind of sensitive character actor.
 Yeah.
 But were it not for the Russian Revolution?
 There you go.
 Yeah.
 Great.
 Nice.
 Love it.
 Just on guitars.
 Can I give everyone a guitar song recommendation that's called, it's really good.
 It's called United Breaks Guitars, and it was a hit in 2009.
 Have you, you've heard everything, Andrew.
 He's nodding along.
 It's a musician called Dave Carroll who was, and I guess this must be the bane of a lot
 of guitar players' lives.
 He was on a plane and he watched the baggage handlers throw his $3,500 guitar all over
 the shop.
 So, my golf clubs?
 You could sing an equally popular, relatable song about that.
 And it's really good, and he wrote this song about how they've broken his guitar.
 I think it's great, but they're nice, tragically like country.
 It's wonderful, isn't it?
 It's really good.
 It's that thing where, you know, this incredibly precious thing.
 I mean, obviously there's a kind of, like a hand luggage arms race, isn't there?
 And there was originally a story about people employed in airports are, they're rewarded
 like a few quid for each bag they sort of refuse to put on.
 Because it's, imagine how difficult that job actually is.
 You've got a massive stag do who haven't read the terms and conditions.
 They've all got bags, two bigs to go on.
 You've got to tell everyone it's, you know, you can't take it on, and it's 60 extra quids
 to put it on the hold each.
 But with guitars, yeah, just, you know, this incredibly precious thing, what you have to
 do is down tune them when you, if you're going to put them in the luggage hold, put it in
 a hard case, down tune it so you haven't got the tension on the strings.
 If it gets dropped or smashed, that tension can make the neck cave in.
 Yeah, right.
 Wow.
 Interesting.
 And that taking the tuning down is actually an entire style of guitaring in Hawaii.
 And I'd never heard of this.
 Slack key guitar.
 Oh, wow.
 Slack keyed guitar is where you basically are detuning at least three strings of your
 guitar in order to create an open cord that you can play.
 And then you can use the top notes as your baseline, and then you can play with the open
 cord for the rest.
 The thing about it is, like I was talking earlier about hiding your fingers behind a
 handkerchief, slack key guitar in Hawaii was also something where you would hand down the
 tunings of each of those six strings to your family and not let anyone else know.
 So it became like the family style of playing this particular guitar and we know a bunch
 of them now.
 Yeah, it's become more open now, but that was, it was, it was handed down as the family
 secret for how you would play guitar.
 And so everyone would have their own specific open cord.
 Wow.
 All these secret guitar chords.
 I had no idea that it was such an exciting secretive world, the world of guitar playing.
 And we're sure it's not just because people always have to fly to Hawaii on a plane and
 then they've left their guitars on strong.
 Oh, fuck, I better make this a thing.
 The first album I ever bought was the Jimi Hendrix album, which was great, because he
 does sound like nobody else.
 Like it is an unbelievable sound he has.
 And it was partly thanks to his sound engineer guy who was called Roger Mayer.
 And this is where the other weird military link comes in, because Roger Mayer sort of
 qualified, did all his early work in acoustics in the Royal Naval Scientific Service, working
 on underwater warfare.
 He was on submarines.
 He was working on the stuff of keeping submarines silent.
 You know, that was his whole project when he was in the, in the Navy.
 So I just love this quote, when a steel hulled sub is running silent, you know, the whole
 point about submarines is you stay completely quiet and no one knows that you're there.
 When it's running silent, the sound of a dropped spanner can be picked up and the
 subsposition located from up to 160 kilometers away.
 What?
 What?
 Imagine that.
 Can that be true?
 He, like, I know what he's talking about, I guess.
 He, exactly.
 I can't believe it.
 So basically all of, he realized all of his work also applied to guitars and he made this
 amazing sound effects device for Hendrix, which creates an amazing trippy harmonic sound,
 the octave above your playing.
 And he showed it to Jimmy Page of Led Zeppelin and Jimmy Page said, well, that's too much
 for me.
 Yeah, that's too far out for me.
 Right.
 But Hendrix was into it.
 Roger Mair is still alive.
 He's still.
 He's still around.
 Yeah.
 So the question is, if you put Jimmy Hendrix on a submarine and got him to play Purple
 H, how far away the whole world could listen?
 That period of time is one that I'm endlessly fascinated with the kind of, you know, the
 mid sixties or a lot of those bands, a lot of the movies that came out around that time
 are a source of perennial fascination to me.
 And one of the things that is so strange about it all is, it's obviously, it's so close
 to the Second World War, you know, like the, and the whole cultural landscape, it's like
 when you see photos of Bob Dylan touring the mid sixties and he's occasionally just walking
 around just sort of rubble in Liverpool or something because the whole, the whole idea
 of like the free love sixties is so close to the end of the Second World War.
 And there's all these people who were sort of just called like just doing military service
 and then suddenly are now trying to work out how to make Jimmy Hendrix's guitar successfully
 emulate the noise that runs through his head when he takes LSD, you know, it's like.
 It's such an interesting point.
 I think it's something that will never certainly with the world of like rock music experience
 again, where I was listening to Ozzy Osbourne talk the other day about the Beatles and he
 said, you just, you will never understand what the Beatles meant to us, not just the
 music, what they meant to us.
 We were in a black and white world and it went technicolor.
 We suddenly believe that life was fun again and it was through that and it's, and all
 that period is what that was.
 They were building off the back of trying to get back into technicolor off the back of
 war.
 It's fascinating stuff.
 I agree.
 I'm obsessed with that period.
 In the Yellow Submarine, you're in quiet and you drop a spanner.
 Here's one.
 Dolphins, says Andrew Heldenbrand, can use ultrasound to detect pregnancies and will
 pay special attention to pregnant women, nuzzling them while scanning them with ultrasonic
 frequencies.
 That's pretty cool, isn't it?
 Walker, can they tell you things like what sex it is?
 Yeah, they'll say.
 Does it have the right number of fingers and toes?
 It's very annoying sometimes because they'll say, you must have been hoping for a boy or
 whatever and you might not have wanted to know that yet.
 What level of detail could they turn to the dad and go, it's bad news, I think I might
 have been the neighbor.
 Are they, is that, what are they fighting now?
 What's your milkman's nose like?
 I don't think it's huge detail, but I think they could probably detect the heartbeat because
 they can do a very, very narrow beam of echolocation, it's called buzzing and they sound like a squeaky
 door to us when they're doing it.
 That is cool, isn't it?
 So why don't they use, when you go to have your first scan, why don't they use dolphins
 instead of the machines?
 The natural way.
 When you're having your water birth, yeah, meet the literal wet nurse, Flipper.
 Have you guys heard of kitten fishing?
 No.
 No.
 Can you guess what it is?
 It's not pretending to be a kitten.
 So cat fishing is where you pretend to be someone you're completely not and then they
 think that they're dating you but you're not doing it and then eventually you might get
 some money off the most.
 So kitten fishing, I reckon, is you pretending to be yourself as a child?
 I see, to catch pedophiles or something.
 Yes.
 No, it's not that.
 It is just embellishing or misrepresenting yourself online to make you more desirable.
 We all do that.
 Well, that's a special way for that.
 So according to Hinge, the website, the trouble is that when you do that, it kind of defeats
 the whole purpose of online dating, which is to find the right match.
 So you really have to be kind of as close to real as possible.
 Wait, but your right match is definitely lying as well.
 I think that's how everyone's doing, right?
 They're all banking on everyone, exaggerating.
 That's what the first day is all about, working out what the lies were.
 Yes, exactly.
 OK.
 What about woke fishing?
 Oh, my God.
 Oh, pretending to be woke.
 Yeah, pretending to have views.
 Absolutely.
 That's the thing.
 Of course I support the cause, Conrad.
 Actually.
 Until you're in the pants.
 Then it turns out you're shameful.
 In your bedside drawer, you've got a Tory rosette.
 Is that it?
 It's too late.
 She's in love.
 It's pretty much that.
 Orbiting.
 Orbiting is what that's a term.
 It's another term that's in like modern dating slang.
 So that's circling around someone not approaching.
 Yeah, pretty much, but in an online setting.
 So staying like occasionally liking the photos, leaving the odd very, very innocuous comments
 so that you're kind of in the orbit, but you're not really engaging with them.
 And then zombieing.
 Yeah.
 Coming back from the dead.
 Yeah.
 And offering a date.
 Pretty much.
 Nice.
 So you know what ghosting is?
 Yeah.
 Where you just stop replying to someone completely and pretend they don't exist.
 I know about it.
 Well, it's when someone who's previously.
 My wife's been doing it to me since yesterday.
 It's when someone who's previously ghosted you suddenly reappears and acts as if nothing
 ever happened.
 Oh.
 Zombieing.
 That's very good.
 Very good.
 Very, very good.
 Jack Kerouac.
 We said he's American and he was American, but his parents were Quebeca, Quebequaz.
 Quebe...
 He was, they were from Quebec.
 But that meant that until he was six years old, he only spoke Jewel.
 Jewel is like, Jewel is a sort of a dialect from Quebec.
 It's kind of half French, half English, all very, very weird.
 So the name comes from how they say the word chivalre.
 So chivalre is French for horse and there's a phrase to speak French like a horse means
 to speak French very, very badly.
 And so they call it Jewel and they have lots of sort of English words in there.
 So dompe in Jewel means to throw out the trash like it comes from the dump and they turn
 it into a French thing.
 That's great.
 The word from peanut is pinot, just slightly French.
 And the word poutine, you know, which is like, it's like chips with cheese and gravy on it.
 It's absolutely delicious.
 But we think it might be Jewel for pudding.
 So as in they took the English word pudding and then it became poutine and then it became
 that.
 Really?
 But it's often called a degenerate language.
 He spoke it obviously, because he was born speaking it.
 And I think maybe we don't know to what extent he was speaking standard French, Canadian
 to what extent it was Jewel, but even age 18, he still had quite a strong French accent,
 which I think is quite cocky given that age 17 was when he decided to write a great American
 novel in English.
 Well, you know, yeah, you got to say, yes, it's high, but you know, when you're not fluent
 English yet.
 I think that's pretty cool.
 Like how Napoleon was from Corsica, isn't it?
 Exactly.
 A lot of the most famous people from a place were actually from the borders or the fringes
 or the outline reasons.
 Hitler was from Austria.
 Yeah.
 Right.
 Stalin was from Georgia.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And we don't want to compare Kerouac to Hitler.
 Stalin on Napoleon.
 Tony Blair was born in Edinburgh.
 Oh, the inbox.
 Oh, my God.
 Sometimes I just look forward.
 Okay, that is it.
 That is all of our outtakes.
 Thanks everyone.
 If you want to send in any thoughts about what you heard, if it made you think of a random
 extra fact, why not send that in to podcast@qi.com.
 All the people that were on the show today are all online.
 If you want to message them directly somewhere on Instagram or Twitter, go find their ads.
 Otherwise, come back in two weeks.
 We're going to have a drop us a line waiting for you and we will see you all then goodbye.
 [MUSIC]
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
