 We run it on QI a few years ago.
 Which was, there's no such thing as a fish.
 It's kind of a nice such thing as a fish.
 No, seriously, it's in the Oxford Dictionary of Underwater Life.
 It says it right there, first paragraph, no such thing as a fish.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of
 No such thing as a fish, a weekly podcast coming to you from the QI offices in
 Covenant Garden. My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I'm sitting here with three of the regular elves.
 It's James Harkin, Andy Murray, and on fact checking duties today.
 It's Anichezinski, and we got a special guest joining us today.
 He's my favorite comedy writer. We're very excited.
 Simon Rich from New York, here on a book tour.
 Hello. Thanks so much for having me.
 This is super fun. Yeah, thanks for coming.
 So you're here, you've only here until tomorrow, unfortunately.
 Sure trip, yeah. Yeah.
 So Spoil Bratz, new book, collection of short stories.
 One of which is being adapted into a movie by Seth Rogan.
 Your previous book, The Last Girl from No North,
 being turned into a sitcom currently coming out next year.
 Used to work for Pixar, Saturday Night Live, and you're under 30.
 How the fuck did you do this?
 Well, the books are really short.
 The books I write. They're almost more like pamphlets.
 Also, the font is really large.
 The margins are wide.
 Sometimes they'll just, like in between chapters,
 they'll just be a few unnecessarily blank pages.
 Just to kind of pat it out. So that's the biggest trick.
 Cool. Okay. Well, let's kick into our show.
 So we're going to go back number one.
 We're going to start with you. Simon.
 Cool. So my fact is about Coco, the gorilla who knows sign language.
 And according to my research,
 over the course of her lifetime, she has owned and cared for three pet cats.
 Yeah. So, and how did she get these cats?
 It's a good question.
 I know that she actually, because she speaks sign language,
 knows a thousand words and sign languages.
 And apparently they asked her, what would you like for Christmas?
 And she said, I would like a pet cat.
 It's a good thing she doesn't know, Flamethrower.
 Or the word for freedom.
 Right, or a freedom pet.
 A thousand words, isn't that many, though, is it?
 Is it not?
 I don't love the thousand words.
 I know more than that is just numbers.
 Oh, yeah.
 But if you take the thousand words you use most often,
 they probably cover almost everything.
 And then it's specific ones after that, like hammer, cool thrombosis or whatever.
 So, you know, maybe they're in your top thousand, I don't know.
 It would be lovely to see the thousand words you use most often.
 Yes. It would be really cool.
 I have that list in Russian, actually.
 What, that you use?
 No, I got that, I was trying to learn Russian and I still am, but not very well.
 And I thought one way to do it would be to get the thousand most popular spoken words in Russian.
 And then try and learn them all.
 Well, that's how Dr. Seuss wrote "Cat in the Hat."
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, he got a book that was a list of, I think, the first 100 words that children learn how to read.
 And he almost as an exercise decided, or as like a shamelessly cynical marketing poet.
 He decided I'll write a book using just those words.
 He had very big funds as well, didn't he?
 But did he not do a thing where one of his books was a bet with his publisher that he could write a book with fewer than 50 words or something like that?
 I think it might be in the Hamidian.
 Was that Hamidian?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 But he, a lot of his stories are, it's hard to tell if they're true.
 Like, he spread a lot of mythology about him, so often his time.
 He said that he used to get all of his ideas from a small town where they made the cuckoo clock.
 He used to go there and they'd give him ideas.
 Well, but he was also a mummy hunter, which is interesting.
 Yeah, he used to go with his wife and go mummy hunting.
 Was this late 19th century early 20th?
 At least 20 years ago.
 He would have been later, right?
 Yeah, because I knew he was a cartoonist during World War II.
 Well, he must have been before or after that.
 It's amazing that even then you could still go mummy hunting.
 Well, they used to dig up mummies and crush them up and sell them as medicine in jars.
 Where?
 Just, you know, around.
 Like Brooklyn?
 Yeah, like that.
 Oh, no, there's a book that says that the kings of England lots of the mechanicals, because they consumed human flesh in the form of mummies.
 Granted up mummies and things like that, yeah.
 Yeah, they thought it had some sort of curative property.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 Anyway, back to Cocoa.
 Oh, yeah, yeah.
 So Cocoa asked for a pet cat.
 And also was quite the seat of Cocoa basically one day.
 This is a story I read about Cocoa, the gorilla.
 They came back to where Cocoa is and a sink had been ripped out of the wall.
 This is my favorite Cocoa story too.
 Oh, tell us then, tell us.
 Right, yes.
 So a gigantic sink had been ripped out of the wall and a 2,000 pound sink.
 And the scientist confronted her and said, you know, who ripped out the sink?
 Signed, who ripped out the sink?
 And after the long pause, Cocoa signed Janis.
 And Janis was one of the lab assistants who was 21-year-old 95-pound woman.
 And Cocoa tried to pin it on her.
 And the scientist signed to Cocoa.
 I don't believe that Janis ripped out the sink.
 I think gorilla ripped out the sink.
 And Cocoa had to sort of hang her head and admit what she'd done.
 And she signed Cocoa ripped sink, bad gorilla Cocoa.
 Because I read that she blamed the cat as well.
 Oh, wow.
 She's always pinning things on her.
 Yeah.
 Is that why she wanted the cat to just disguise her crime?
 Yes, exactly.
 Yeah.
 She needed a stooge.
 A stooge.
 But that's actually, I read about another story about Cocoa, apparently.
 So she has a name for a human, which is Nipple.
 And she, at least three former keepers, have claimed that they were pressured into showing their breasts at the gorilla's request.
 That's right.
 This Cocoa was kind of an evil tyrant.
 It seems like she got whatever she wanted, whatever she wanted.
 And there were no checks and balances.
 And she was constantly making a scientist disrobe.
 Yeah, Coco knows what's going on.
 Absolutely.
 So the cat she wanted was a white fluffy cat, which she could strok.
 She dictated her demand.
 Yeah.
 She's quite old, though.
 She's 30 or 40 years old.
 How long have you lived?
 In human lives.
 I think that's a reasonably advanced stage.
 I think maybe longer than that evidently.
 Right.
 But I mean, captivity in the world difference.
 Yeah, they live longer in captivity.
 I think the oldest known primate that's non-human, I think, was cheetah out of the Tarzan movies.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because it lived in captivity in Hollywood somewhere.
 And obviously, we don't know how old every single primators, but this one in particular lived to about 70 or something.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 It was an artist.
 Hollywood lifestyle there, isn't it?
 Yeah, cheetah was an artist, right?
 Yeah.
 It's same with bubbles.
 Michael Jackson's monkey.
 But bubbles had a rough end.
 He ended up in a sanctuary far away from the glitz and glamour.
 Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
 Michael never apparently never visited.
 Although it's said, I read this thing where they said that he always thought of bubbles as his first child
 and added that he hoped the Jackson children would keep in touch with their stepbrother after he's gone.
 So he did love him, but he got too aggressive.
 He got too big apparently.
 That's right.
 Apparently when chimpanzees get too big...
 Well, can you imagine bubbles in that animal sanctuary with the other chimps trying to explain what his childhood was like?
 How would anyone believe it?
 He would have been the Michael Jackson of the chimpanzee world.
 That's right.
 Yeah, my grandmother used to own a chimpanzee in Cambodia.
 Really?
 It was a real half-brother.
 It was named after me, actually.
 Yeah, it was cool.
 They call me chumps.
 That's my nickname I had as a kid from them, and they name...
 Sounds like you were named after the chimpanzee.
 Yeah.
 Well, they had a gibbon as well, and they kept in this cage in this restaurant.
 They had a restaurant in Cambodia where...
 It's not like a figure-un-given thing, is it?
 No, no, no.
 They were just...
 Okay, sure.
 It was an amazing restaurant because they used to have a massive menu,
 but everyone kept ordering the goulash, and they discovered one of the chefs
 kept putting marijuana inside, which is legal there.
 So they got rid of the whole menu, and it was just a goulash marijuana place.
 No, no, no, no.
 That's all my grandmother.
 But they had to give away the chimpanzee because she got sexually frustrated
 with the gibbon in the cage, and ripped its arm off.
 Very sad.
 Oh, wow.
 Rip!
 It's almost...
 That's what I love to do for you.
 Wow.
 They're a freakishly strong, and they've evolved to go for vulnerable parts of, you know,
 another primate's body, so they will rip off the genitals of male rivals and throw them...
 Yeah, hundreds of feet.
 Throw them.
 Yeah, oh, yeah.
 And because then you're simultaneously killing your enemy, and also you're expunging his genetic influence on you.
 Oh, gosh.
 John Wayne Bobbitts is the animal penguin.
 Exactly.
 Very efficient.
 Yes.
 Or violence.
 God, imagine you just walking through the forest as an explorer, and this gorilla cock smacks you in the face if you're walking along.
 It's a rough day.
 That's a rough day.
 Oh, gorilla testicles only about an eighth or a sixteenth the size of human ones.
 So only the penis is a very small gorilla penis.
 But that's because they do all the establishing supremacy with their muscles, isn't it, with their body?
 Yeah.
 There's no need for sperm competition, because they, you know, once you're a male gorilla,
 and you get a harem, then you're away, you don't need to worry about competition from other males in that sense.
 And you don't need like a cool car.
 Yeah.
 You can just kind of show up.
 Yeah, I think it's something like a male silverback gorilla's erect penis is a quarter of an inch in length or something like that.
 You might be right.
 So like a normal sized penis, right guys?
 Like an average male penis.
 Okay, should we wrap off with this one?
 Yeah, yeah.
 Anna, we should go to you.
 Do you have anything you want to add?
 Yeah, a few things.
 So long time ago, you guys were talking about the 1000 most commonly used English words.
 Oh, yeah.
 Oh, yeah.
 Yep.
 So I've got a list of them here, and I just, I thought I'd read them all out.
 V.
 And.
 You're right.
 The Orbanand.
 Yep.
 How much time have we got?
 I know the three, I know the three most common nouns are time, person and year.
 Yes.
 And the first 25, shut up James, don't care it's my role now.
 This is my moment.
 The first 25 words in 1000 most frequently used words make up a third of all printed material.
 Just 25 words.
 Wow.
 The reason Coco knew what a cat was before she had her pet cat.
 Her two favorite books were the three little kittens and put in boots.
 And so she looked at those pictures and knew the word cat.
 I don't know the three little kittens.
 Neither do I.
 I don't know if it's two little kittens.
 Anyway, they first of all tried to give her a stuff toy that looked like a cat to fopper off.
 And she was really pissed off and made it clear that she needed the real thing.
 So they got, they got her the real thing.
 And she named it all ball.
 Did we discuss that?
 No, we didn't.
 So she, she named her first kitten.
 Obviously she only has a thousand words in her vocabulary, which it turns out was enough for a good cat name.
 So she called it all ball.
 Because apparently, according to her owners, she likes to rhyme in sign language.
 Time for fact number two, and that's my fact.
 My fact this week is according to Yeti experts.
 Oh, God.
 Yeah.
 It is easier to escape a female Yeti than a male Yeti because female Yetis have such long dangling boobs
 that before they can chase you, they need to chuck them over their shoulders like a scarf.
 Otherwise, they may trip on them and bang their head.
 James, you're looking skeptical.
 That's a fact.
 Yeah, it's a fact about something that doesn't exist.
 It's a fact about something that no one has ever seen.
 Yes.
 But it's a fact that comes from Captain John Null.
 Captain John Null was the guy who first broke into Tibet under a guise because he weren't allowed as a westerner into Tibet.
 And he was the first person to see Mount Everest and think we need to climb that.
 He came back to England and he pitched it at the Royal Geographical Society.
 And that's what led to the Mallory Expedition.
 And he was on the Mallory Expedition.
 He was the official photographer.
 Do you think they said, I'm not really sure that sounds like a good idea.
 And he said, oh, no, there's giant monkeys with enormous breasts.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Hey, I don't know if he believed in the Yeti.
 That might have been a, that was a bit of myth that he brought back with him.
 But it's a fact.
 It is a fact about something that people who believe in the Yeti believe.
 If you were talking to someone who believes in the Yeti right here in this room and you said, did you know this?
 I'd say, yeah, of course.
 It's a weird one though, isn't it?
 Because it's a fact that that is believed amongst people who believe in it.
 Yeah.
 It's like a different world of facts.
 It's like a second subspecies of facts.
 Because it is a Yeti fact.
 But it's not a real world fact.
 I think it's a person fact.
 Yeah, it's a fact about what people believe.
 So do you know about the $10 million Bigfoot bounty TV show?
 No.
 Yeah.
 Okay, it was on a very small American channel.
 I can't remember which one it is.
 Like a satellite channel or a cable channel.
 And there was a number of teams.
 And they every week tried to find evidence of Bigfoot.
 And whoever found the least evidence each week would get kicked off until there was only two teams there.
 So how did they classify the least evidence?
 They had a team of experts who would explain that.
 And the final two, whoever got the most evidence.
 If they could find evidence of Bigfoot, then they would win $10 million.
 Wow.
 Did the price go unclaimed?
 It went unclaimed.
 At that point, I know Bigfoot is something of a recluse.
 But if I were him, I would go and make a deal.
 And so I'll take five.
 You take five million.
 I'll pose for one picture.
 Yeah.
 Hang on.
 The premise of this show is that if you find most or least evidence, you're either saved or kicked off.
 Yeah.
 But if at the end of the show, the people who found most evidence had found no evidence.
 And therefore the $10 million went unclaimed.
 Then all the other teams are like, they can't even less than no evidence.
 Yeah.
 That's the premise.
 The $10 million was underwritten by Lloyds of London, probably as a joke.
 Oh man, I'd love to see the look on their face if they found Bigfoot.
 Yeah.
 What a rough shareholder's meeting that is.
 We're in the red this quarter.
 They found Bigfoot.
 We're sorry.
 They did quite recently.
 There was a study done of creatures claiming to be Bigfoot or the Sasquatch.
 And they took 57 samples of hair that people had sent into them saying this is Bigfoot or this is a Sasquatch.
 One of them was a piece of fiberglass, so that didn't get used.
 But they managed to get down to about 30 where they didn't know what it was immediately.
 And of that 30, they turned out to be cows, horses, raccoons or sometimes bears.
 But they think that they might have got two samples from previously unrecognized bear species or hybrids.
 Wow.
 So they might have discovered new species by doing that.
 There's plenty more to find out there.
 We live under this weird assumption that we've discovered everything.
 Right, and in the ocean we've barely cracked the surface, right?
 Yeah, yeah.
 The ocean is, I think we've done something like 6% tops.
 We've definitely mapped Mars better than the ocean.
 The thing that I liked most about this Yeti fact, other than its Yetis and I love Yetis,
 is that I just love its advice to escape.
 It's a escape advice, and I love escape advice, because I think it's the best kind of weird, handy advice that you probably will never need to use.
 But it will always stick with you.
 If you know this fact now about female Yetis, this will not leave you for the rest of your life.
 I found this thing of the best way to, in Chinese mythology, to escape a vampire,
 is to make sure you have bags of rice around because they count.
 They're obsessive counters apparently vampires.
 Yeah, so do you spill rice?
 You spill rice as they're chasing you.
 They have a dilemma where they're like.
 They have that in Eastern European vampire culture as well.
 Like you put sand on the doorstep and they won't come into your house because they'll just stand there counting.
 What we're saying is that all vampires have obsessive compulsive disorder.
 Yeah, like that one off Sesame Street who goes, "Van, is that where it came from, the counting Sesame Street?"
 No, I think that was just a pond on the word count probably.
 If you wanted to escape being an Aztec prisoner, Andy, I know you like, you know this fact, you like it.
 If you were a slave, sorry, in Aztec times, the way to escape was to run away from your master in the middle of the market
 and step in some human excrement.
 And if you did that, you were no longer a slave.
 Really?
 Yeah, that was quite a loophole.
 It implies either that there was a lot of human excrement around all that it was very rare.
 Maybe it was actually, there was quite a lot because the sewers went alongside the town walls kind of thing.
 But the other thing was if someone tried to stop you from being a slave and someone noticed that, then,
 sorry, if you stopped someone trying to escape, then you became a slave.
 So no one ever stopped them.
 Once they started running away, everyone went, "Oh, nothing's doing me."
 I think it's because people are fair chance.
 Yeah, I don't expect that.
 Really great story that I like about that's one of the moments of needing to escape.
 The guy who's set up MI6, Mansfield coming.
 Oh, yeah.
 He's great because you assume that he would be the ultimate spy.
 Yeah.
 Because this great story where during World War I he went into Germany, disguised as a German soldier, infiltrating a German camp,
 but got busted immediately because it turned out he didn't know any German.
 Immediately at the gate.
 He could at least log that he was like, "Yeah."
 If he'd learned 25 words, he would've been right.
 He would've been right.
 He used to do this thing. He had a wooden leg.
 But no one really knew at the time that he had a wooden leg.
 But in meetings, if he got bored with what anyone was saying,
 and no one knew he had this leg, he used to take a massive knife that he had on the desk and just stab himself in the leg.
 Never would go, "Whoa!"
 And then he'd just take over.
 That's what I wanted to say.
 That's what I do with my wooden genitals.
 After that, you rip them off and throw them on shit yards.
 You should see people's faces.
 We should probably wrap up on this one as well.
 Anna, have you got anything to add?
 Just a couple of small things.
 So on yetis, you were saying that it's, if you're being chased by a female yeti,
 you're in luck because they've got these big breasts that get in their way.
 But apparently, you're going to yeti experts.
 You're also likely to be able to escape a male if you run downhill
 because it's got long hair that blows in its eyes when running, so it can't see well.
 Oh, I have that.
 So...
 And, oh, just the ocean floor.
 The estimates are that we've only discovered 10% of what there is to be discovered in the ocean.
 Although, if you're talking about map seafloor that's in the public domain,
 we've only discovered two to three percent.
 But apparently, so much of the information about the ocean is completely classified
 and shrouded in secrecy, according to National Geographic.
 The 7% of what we've discovered about the ocean.
 No one's allowed to know because it's so highly secret.
 What's genuinely classified?
 Yeah.
 So, military classified information.
 I guess they have the gadgets that go under there.
 So that it's proprietary information, right?
 Well, so they wouldn't want it so they don't want to share that technology?
 Right, probably, right.
 It must come down to that.
 Yeah.
 Because nobody's claimed it.
 Nobody's claimed that chunk of the earth.
 They have drones.
 Lots of drones.
 Ocean drones now, which is so cool.
 They have whole generations of little robots.
 And their only job is to measure or assess one thing.
 And you just set them off and they can go all over the world.
 They're always beaming information back.
 Yeah.
 Like Google spiders.
 Yeah, in a way, yeah.
 Wow.
 It sounds amazing.
 Sounds made up.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Okay, on to fact number three, James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is the Karma Sutra suggests 64 arts to practice alongside sex.
 They include solving word puzzles and teaching birds how to talk.
 Yeah, that's weird.
 I just assumed it was just all sex party.
 No, not that much sex in there at all, really.
 In that case, I am a lot sexier than I realize.
 I'm getting pretty good at the telegraph cryptic crossword.
 That's amazing.
 Yeah, 64 of them.
 Some of the others tattooing the art of making beds, playing on musical glasses filled with water,
 knowledge of minds and quarries and the art of cock fighting.
 Or are these dating ideas before you get to the actual portion of the book about sex?
 No, it's...
 Why not visit a minor quarry?
 Why not play musical glasses filled with water?
 Yeah.
 But so what was the book then?
 What is it?
 Okay, the book is It was written in the third century by a celibate monk.
 And he was bringing together all of the different writings from beforehand that were about sex or about the art of mating in humans.
 So where does teaching bird to speak?
 These are things that if you do those, it will improve your general life and also your sex life.
 Sort of make a holistic approach.
 Yeah.
 There are nine pages on how to look after your wife and 26 pages detailing how to seduce other men's wives.
 What's harder to be fair?
 It's harder.
 It needs more.
 Well, here's one way to seduce other men's wives from that. It's called pocket, no pocket. First take the heart of a mongoose, then the fruits of a fenugreek plant, and a god, and some snake eyes.
 Mix them all together, cook them over the fire, and then put them in your eyes and it will make you invisible.
 And then you can go and find another man's wife.
 What? I've been in the conversation.
 We've been translated invisible for blind.
 God, times were great back then. If a recipe at the beginning of a thing says, take the heart of a mongoose.
 It is a lead with that.
 Yeah, just the very first ingredient. That's like the equivalent of like, preheat the oven at 350 degrees.
 It's just the most basic construction.
 There's a papyrus, an Egyptian papyrus, which has a load of things that when it says snake's blood, what it's supposed to be, is some kind of fruit juice or something.
 It says crocodile excrement, it's supposed to be some clave, a special kind of clay from Ethiopia.
 So they use these words even though they didn't really mean that.
 Oh, it's all coded, yes.
 James has a theory that, because they say that the ancient Egyptians use crocodile as a contraceptive.
 And I think it was just actually a piece of clay from Abyssinia or from Ethiopia.
 And they used to make it into what do you call these apessary and stuff people from being able to impregnate you that way.
 But you get it in all the lists of facts.
 It's like they use crocodile done for contraceptives.
 These are always pretty unlikely.
 Yeah, all euphemisms.
 It's always I have a newt, right?
 Yeah, exactly.
 It's more new to see, you know?
 Can you imagine them trying to piece that together?
 What is going on?
 Where do they want from us?
 So that'd be amazing.
 Someone in that period taking it literally and going and actually getting the heart of a mongoose.
 Maybe...
 What did you do to our fucking mongoose?
 That means pencil. Get a pencil.
 Everyone knows it.
 That would be very embarrassing to serve that, you know, which is potion-up and fill the bottle of literal ingredients.
 It would explain a lot of fancy cookbooks today as well.
 If Heaston Blumenthal is actually using a series of elaborate metaphors and he just wants us to make spaghetti bolognese.
 That's true.
 But he's taking liquid nitrogen.
 Oh, I mean, I mean ice.
 Yeah, so what else is there in that pharmaceutical?
 So the pharmaceutical was discovered by Richard Burton, who did the first British English translation.
 Yeah.
 We should say not Richard Burton, the actor.
 Yes.
 Richard Burton, the Victorian explorer.
 Yeah.
 Yeah, not that Richard Burton.
 Who is the most extraordinary character?
 Yeah.
 Seemingly fictional when you read his life story because of the amount of things that he did.
 Spoke like 30 languages.
 There's probably too many that have made up there.
 Yeah, he did speak a lot of languages, but I'm not sure how well he spoke them all.
 Because he translated the comma sutra from Sanskrit.
 And whenever he was supposed to translate the word dildo, he put statue instead,
 which kind of changes the meaning of some of the things in there.
 Yeah.
 He also, when instead of writing about penises and vaginas because he was writing for Victorian audience,
 he would call the penis lingam, which was Sanskrit for wonder of light.
 And he would call the vagina yoni, which was Sanskrit for sacred temple.
 Wow.
 So it's place your wand of light into the sacred temple.
 So it must read like a Harry Potter book when you read his version of the comma sutra.
 Do we have more sort of ancient love guides outside of the comma sutra?
 I've never really heard of it.
 Egyptian one.
 Is that?
 Yeah, kind of a question.
 Oh, there's one called the Turin erotic papyrus.
 What's that?
 Genuinely, there's the Turin shroud.
 And then for about two thousand years before that is the Turin erotic papyrus.
 And it's a series of blue drawings, basically.
 Yeah.
 I don't think it's meant quite as a love guide.
 I think it's more to titillate and things like that.
 Okay.
 There was that great.
 I can't remember his name.
 Anna, you might be able to find it.
 But in the Natural History Museum, they have effectively what is an erotic book.
 It was during a Shackleton trip where the guy who was studying penguins witnessed the insane love life of penguins.
 And he found it so dirty that all of the bits where he had to describe the actual sexual acts he put into what was it?
 Greek.
 So that you had to be a real scholar to actually--
 I don't think it was an erotic papyrus.
 I think it was a code on top of Ancient Greek.
 Yeah.
 So they crack the code.
 Wow.
 And then even after you crack the code, it's still an Ancient Greek.
 It's still an Ancient Greek, right?
 If I saw something coded in Ancient Greek, I would, man, I would assume the worst and translate that.
 Yeah.
 But it was a lot harder to access in the old days, wasn't it?
 You had to crack the codes and then translate from Greek.
 And then it's about penguin.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And so the Kalmasutri again, they have a section on oral sex.
 Well, it starts off saying oral sex is very, very terrible and you shouldn't be doing that kind of thing.
 And then they have quite a few pages on how to do it.
 Like how?
 This is what you definitely shouldn't do.
 Whatever you do, don't do this.
 And then don't do it this way.
 And don't do it this way.
 Wow.
 It's a bit like during prohibition when they used to sell wine making kits and it would be grapes and whatever.
 And it says, whatever you do, don't put this alcohol in these grapes and don't bust them down or whatever.
 For a long time, a theater in New York City, it was against the law unless it had some kind of higher moral purpose.
 And so pretty much every show during the sort of PT Barnum Days was a show like a sexy melodrama.
 And then at the end, a Stern matronally woman would come out for 30 seconds after two hours of this and say,
 "Don't do what you've just said."
 [LAUGHTER]
 And that would kind of be it.
 And they were referred to as moral lectures.
 Wow.
 And people would start to file out, you know, as the woman came on.
 Yeah, I'd rather have that at the beginning, I think.
 Would you?
 Yeah.
 Does that not spoil the rest of the movement?
 No, because then you forget about it once the sexy melodrama starts.
 Well, there you go.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Well, during the, before, there's a few decades where film was really closely regulated by the United States government.
 And one of the things was you can never portray a criminal in the positive light.
 And you can never show them getting away with their crime.
 They always had to be punished.
 And so there's a lot of films where basically they get the girl, they get the money,
 they get the fame and the glory, and then they're just inexplicably gunned down.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then by a Stern matronally woman.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And then she points at the camera and nod.
 [LAUGHTER]
 And she draws a finger across her throat.
 [LAUGHTER]
 But it's all these hilarious, like, tacked on endings.
 Right.
 Yeah.
 You were just mentioning P.T. Barnum before.
 My favorite P.T. Barnum thing is that when people used to go to his circuses,
 you would pay your money, pay two dollars, go in.
 And then there would be a big sign saying, this way to the egress.
 And everyone would go down there, not really realizing that egress means exit.
 And they'd go straight out and they'd have to pay to go back in again.
 And they'd probably wouldn't ask for their money back, because they were too humiliated to admit.
 Yeah, exactly.
 I thought it was a female eagle.
 That's great.
 Well, he was brilliant.
 Oh, he was.
 Yeah.
 He invented the skylight, I believe.
 I think he's the first person to.
 Yeah, the American Museum in Manhattan.
 That should probably be fact-checked.
 But yeah, the first person to burn electric lights at night for no pragmatic reason.
 Other than self-promotion.
 So the original New York City skyline was just the word Barnum.
 And I can't shape this void.
 He didn't burn down, didn't it?
 Oh, yeah.
 Yeah, burn down by time.
 I wonder if, yeah.
 And then later on, he had spent a long time building an optical palace.
 Yeah, how's that burn down?
 I think the day after completion.
 Yeah, he built a kind of sort of like a zanadude type place.
 A gigantic mansion.
 And it burned down almost immediately.
 Yeah.
 And then weirdly, he, this is all in Connecticut, where he sort of retired after his long career.
 And I think, I think Bridgeport, Connecticut, he, I think, became mayor of the town.
 All right.
 So he had his whole like small town political career towards the end.
 Oh.
 It used to be a problem with things burned down, didn't it?
 Like there was a lot of that.
 Yeah, it still isn't many ways, you know.
 We just haven't solved that problem of the building burning down yet.
 But in theaters, it used to be because they used to light things up with like fire all the time.
 And there was a few that burnt down in common garden quite a while ago.
 And then they had to put the prices up.
 And people protested against the prices going up because they had to pay for this.
 And they protested.
 They rioted for days and days and days.
 And they were known as the op riots because people wanted the old prices.
 And so OP is all price.
 And people would just stand there while they were trying to do the play and just go op, op, op, op for like hours on end.
 It's off ground.
 I know.
 That's a rough night.
 Yeah.
 I always think the worst would be the actors on stage during the Lincoln assassination.
 Just like, man, how do you, how do you get the audience back after that?
 Okay, Anna, have you got anything to add?
 Yeah, a couple of things to clarify.
 So the guy you were talking about who wrote the sexual habits of Adele Penguins was Dr. George Levick,
 who was the surgeon and medical officer for the British Antarctic Expedition led by Scott, 1910.
 Yeah, it was suppressed for almost 100 years, 97 years, and was only made public in 2012
 because it was considered too crude for society to handle.
 I think we mentioned that on QI, the penguin thing.
 I think it might have been on the show in which case he kept its secret for more than 100 years until 2012
 and then the next year we put it on national television.
 Yeah, sorry, Victorians, and his stupid sensibilities.
 In a way, he should have, if you'd only published it then, we'd all have forgotten about it by now.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Things in the Karma Sutra.
 So something that Burton, you're right, he did mis-translated a lot of the Karma Sutra.
 But he downplays women's positions.
 So in the Karma Sutra, women, there's a lot of equality in there, a lot of gender equality,
 which obviously he didn't approve of being a Victorian man.
 And so, for instance, there's a bit in the text that advises that the wife of an unfaithful man
 should scold him with sharp language, and Burton just inserts the word "never" into that.
 Why do I love people man?
 Should never scold those.
 It should be index.
 So this is a minor change, it's an editing decision.
 Okay, time for the final fact of the show, Andy.
 Hello, my fact this week is that there are more than 15 trillion tons of water above the earth now
 at any given moment.
 Isn't that amazing?
 That's a lot.
 Yeah.
 Is that a lot?
 15 trillion tons, I guess it is.
 I think so.
 It's hard to imagine such a big number.
 I know what you mean.
 It's a small proportion, a very small proportion of the total amount of water on the planet, obviously.
 But nonetheless, it is a vast amount.
 It's too big to compute, really.
 But this is the really cool thing about clouds.
 So the average cloud weighs about 400 tons.
 It turns out, the average cumulus cloud.
 So, individually, all the drop...
 Because why don't they just fall?
 Well, they are.
 They're always falling.
 But the air inside the cloud is moving upwards faster than they're falling.
 So it's like a slinky on an escalator.
 If you can imagine that.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 And the water droplets are so tiny, they're 0.01 millimeters in diameter.
 A billion of them would be the same size as a sugar cube.
 And they're very fast-paced down.
 When you say a slinky on an escalator, do you mean an escalator going up?
 Yeah, I do.
 I've never had that image in my head ever.
 It's always stairs where the slinky just going down.
 But presumably the slinky can stay.
 Yeah, that's what the wow.
 Yeah.
 That's a strong image.
 I've never had that in my life.
 A perpetual motion machine.
 Yeah.
 We cracked it.
 There we go.
 If only we could figure out the way of the escalator going up without any impotive energy.
 Oh, I forgot about that.
 Oh, silicone, silicone oil.
 I still say we pan.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 The size of the tiny aerosol droplets in a cloud is one micron in width, which is the same width
 as a human sperm.
 Wow.
 Okay.
 Normal male penis is just slightly bigger than that.
 Right?
 But the sperm is the smallest cell in the body, isn't it?
 Or just about the smallest cell.
 It's very close to it.
 Yeah.
 Everyone seems as, but I don't think it is really.
 But it's down there.
 Yeah.
 It's pretty small, but like blood platelets are pretty small.
 Oh, yeah.
 I think it's not the smell.
 It's generally sad to be the smallest.
 But the female egg is definitely the largest.
 Yeah, really the biggest.
 Yeah.
 But the biggest egg in all nature would be like a bird egg, probably like an ostrich egg.
 Yeah.
 Those things are big.
 Yeah.
 I think the bird egg, remember the one that David Attenborough found, the egg of it.
 It looks like a giant ostrich.
 And it's the largest an egg can be.
 All right.
 Before it gets too thick that the thing inside can't crack out of it.
 Or that it just forms a big.
 But can't be bothered.
 The oven's called the oven.
 Sorry, I'm in the oven, not the the egg.
 Like a chicken's egg.
 Because that's fantastic.
 Oh, right.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Yeah.
 I'm just thinking about that egg.
 The giant bird egg.
 Do we still have the elephant bird?
 No, no, it's extinct, but we do have the egg.
 It's kind of like when you go to Mongolia and you find dinosaur eggs.
 I just found a new dinosaur.
 Do you guys see that?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, gigantic one.
 Yeah, the biggest thing I've ever found.
 They say it's 12 times as big as a T-Rex.
 What?
 Yeah.
 Wow.
 I heard that in the Guardian this morning.
 Yeah, 12 times.
 It is scary when you see the photos of these giant like thigh bones which are twice the size of a person.
 But did you know that most of these dinosaurs had feathers?
 This is the new theory.
 They looked like people, yeah, people say they basically looked like giant chickens and make them a little less intimidated.
 Jurassic Park needs a hold.
 Sure.
 Someone will do it.
 Someone will do it at some point.
 For the 20th anniversary, they'll come up with all feathers on every dinosaur.
 For lots of raptors, I think.
 And lots of raptors were tiny, weren't they?
 They were the size of, I think, large chickens or small dogs.
 Some were in between those two.
 Yeah.
 Plout juice.
 Do you know what that is?
 Plout juice.
 Plout juice.
 Yeah.
 Rain.
 Well, yeah, it is pretty much.
 You're in your fancy words.
 This is a Bolton thing.
 No, it's not very much not.
 It's bottled water that you can get in clarages.
 And they sell it in a menu like wine.
 And it's collected on a plastic roof on a tiny wind swept island off the Australian coast.
 And it's the most expensive bottled water ever to arrive in the UK.
 Wow.
 How's it sold as being better?
 Because the trade winds come off the ocean and they're supposed to be much purer
 because there isn't any pollution on the rain.
 Wait, doesn't it?
 Because it's just H2O.
 Yeah.
 There are ways of purifying water.
 You just need to boil it and condense it.
 And then you've got no impurities at all.
 Yeah.
 Yet we have this idealized water in our heads.
 Yeah.
 But you could buy on some so badly.
 Yeah.
 Don't you guys want to taste that?
 I bet it's great.
 It's all got a clarages.
 Let's get sushi on the way.
 I want to do this thing.
 Yeah.
 Let me be swimming in cladjuice.
 Cladjuice.
 It doesn't sound nice though.
 It's not a nice name.
 Yeah.
 Why do they call it cladjuice?
 Cloud water.
 Lovely.
 Cloud juice.
 Yeah.
 It's a cladgy.
 It's a sky muck.
 But there's also, you could get beer where the water comes from glaciers
 and that's supposed to be like better and purer.
 Oh, like ice wine as well.
 Which is wine where the grapes are frozen.
 And so all the sugar is pushed into the remaining bit of the grape, which isn't frozen.
 And then you crush that grape.
 Right.
 So it makes them much sweeter wine.
 Okay.
 So have you heard of cloud nine?
 Yes.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 Well, this is really cool.
 Cloud nine is not the highest most elegant floaty cloud there is.
 Cloud nine is actually at the very bottom of the height scale in the international cloud atlas.
 It's like high fog, essentially.
 Oh, absolutely.
 It's cool.
 It's cumuloneimbus.
 So cumulus of the fluffy ones nimble so rainy.
 And that's cloud nine.
 Yeah, yeah.
 If you want really high elegant clouds, you want cloud zero, which is cirrus.
 And that's the stuff which is just ice crystals in the sky.
 It's just millions of ice crystals flying together.
 Yeah.
 Did they like change the numbers or something?
 Is that why we say cloud nine is...
 No.
 So they were all...
 So the famous system was invented by a scientist called Luke Howard.
 Yeah.
 Which is all the lesser names, cumulus, nimble, stratus.
 Cirrus is lovely.
 It means a curl of hair.
 Oh.
 It's really out.
 Because it looks beautiful like that.
 But he came up with the system and the poet Gehrther was so impressed with this incredible
 classification job that he dedicated four whole poems to him and he praised him for bestowing
 form on the formless and a system of order to change on a boundless world.
 You know, back in the day, when there weren't names of different types of clouds.
 But this is really cool.
 The year before Luke Howard came up with his, that was 1802.
 There was another French scientist called Jean-Baptiste Lamarque.
 He came up with the system.
 And he came up with his when he was ill in bed looking at the clouds floating past his window.
 And they had Onvoile, which means hazy, atrupe, mast, pomley, which means dappled, and groupie,
 which means grouped.
 Was that the same Lamarque who came up with evolution at the same time as Darwin?
 Yeah.
 The same guy.
 He was off on a couple of things.
 Yeah.
 But unfortunately, no one paid any attention to his system in the next year along comes
 fancy boy with his Latin and the way you go.
 They believed him about, you know, giraffes stretching their next out until they were along.
 Yeah.
 When people bought that for a while, right?
 Yeah, yeah.
 They're still some people.
 They're still some people who think that Lamarque is going to come back one day.
 What?
 There was some studies like, in the last few years, that mice can pass their memories onto
 their grandchildren.
 And if that was true, that would be Lamarque's own box.
 That Lamarque's own.
 Right.
 Right.
 Yeah, it's such a mad idea.
 It has to pass on learned trade-offs.
 It was fear, wasn't it?
 They associated a particular smell with fear and two generations on the mice, which had had
 no contact with their grandparents, exhibited the same fear, which is, if true, unbelievable.
 So it's not, but it's not like us getting, you know, you and me suddenly talking about
 the war.
 No, no, no, but the fear had altered their, just like no, those memories came down.
 No, but the fear had altered their genes.
 So they were afraid of the smell of, I think it was lavender.
 So they were afraid of experiment, a lot of experiment is they hooked a mouse's, they hooked
 his pleasure sensors in his brain with an electrode to a button, which he could press
 in order to send a jolt of engulfants into his system.
 And he kept, you know, predictably, he kept pressing the button.
 And he pressed it so incessantly that he forgot to eat and he forgot to drink.
 And his limbs eventually atrophied to the point where he had to just press it with his face.
 Oh my God.
 And then he died ultimately of starvation.
 And no one stepped in?
 No, they just let him go with it.
 Oh my God.
 It just sounds like one of the saw movies or something.
 Yeah.
 And then I read another one about, they took a bunch of mice and they played them classical
 music and they took a bunch of other mice and they played them rock and roll and they mixed
 them together and the rock mice ate the classical mice.
 Okay.
 Should we wrap up on this?
 Anna, have you got, have you got anything you want to add?
 So the largest dinosaur ever found has been discovered.
 It weighed as much, they estimate, as 14 African elephants.
 It's seven tons heavier than the previous record holder.
 Why?
 It was found in Argentina.
 So it's pretty impressive.
 And it's about 20 meters tall, which reminded me of a thing I read and I think it was
 a new scientist blog.
 If anyone saw the first episode of this series of Doctor Who where the T-Rex was the same height
 as Big Ben.
 Oh yeah.
 The largest known specimen of a T-Rex that we have is four meters and Big Ben is 96.
 So.
 Okay.
 That's it.
 That's all of our facts.
 Thanks everyone for listening.
 If you want to get in contact with any of us about the things we've been talking about
 on this podcast, you can reach most of us on Twitter.
 I can be got on @shriverland andy @andruhunterem.
 James.
 That's egg-shaped.
 Simon, you're not on Twitter are you?
 No, no, guys.
 Sorry.
 Oh my god.
 How?
 Why?
 You know, I just, yeah, I just, it's just my level of coolness.
 It's just too high.
 I just know I would consume my entire life if I was on social media so I just steer clear
 of all of it.
 Fair enough.
 If you can't get him online but you can get him in bookshops, that's a good word.
 Yeah, so Spoilt Bratz is out now, but also all of his books, Last Girl Front on Earth, Elliott
 Alligash.
 What in God's name?
 Yep.
 And then there's two in America, if you're listening in America, there is free range chickens
 and ant form.
 Could you remember as well?
 That's amazing.
 There's no notes in front of them.
 He's just doing this.
 Yes.
 I remember.
 I really appreciate that.
 I've read all the books.
 I'm, this is not a lie, I'm a massive fan.
 I think he's the best comedy writer out there at the moment.
 So get Simon's books.
 You can find us all on Twitter, Anna, you're not on Twitter still.
 Yeah, I like the fact we discussed this a lot and no one's ever suggested that I'm too
 cool to be on Twitter over the 20 episodes we've had.
 Not cool enough.
 Not cool enough.
 Yeah.
 Double standards.
 Okay, that's it for this week.
 We're going to be back again next week than another episode.
 No such thing as a fish.
 Go to our website and you can find all previous episodes and we'll be back again.
 Yeah.
 In seven days.
 See you then.
 Bye.
 [Music]
 [MUSIC]
