 Hi everyone, well, for this week's episode of No Six Thing as a Fish, where we were joined by our good friend
 and erstwhile colleague, Amila.
 That's right. And Miller, not just a QIL these days, not just a brilliant producer, but a children's author.
 Yes, she has a new book out. It is called The Monster Diaries. What's it about Andy?
 It's about the Cyclops and the worst party ever. It's a telling of the Cyclops myth from the Cyclops's point of view,
 which is a very funny and good idea. Turns out Odysseus is a complete frat,
 and the Cyclops is the one who should be the hero of the story, but has been mistreated by history,
 so Anne is setting the record straight. I gotta say it's an amazing book. My daughter has been swimming
 in it for the last week. She can't help but sit down as she's been asking for it to be read to her
 every bedtime. I know other kids will love it too. And it's a part of a trilogy, so there's two more
 on the way. If you want to subtly get brilliant bits of history and mythology into your child's brain,
 this is the way to do it. Yes, that's right. And if you have a very big brain yourself,
 and you would like to show people how big your brain is, then guess what, you have a chance to do so
 this coming week because we have our next No Six Things A Fish Quiz Night.
 Yes, if you're a member of Club Fish, or the friend of the podcast here, you can come to our
 online quizzes. The three of us have been beavering away, writing questions. I am getting a costume
 for my round. I haven't told you guys this yet. It's ordered. Is it a beaver costume?
 It's not a beaver costume. It's so much worse than that. But basically, it's an enormously
 fun night. You can join as a team with friends or family, and it's all done over Zoom, so we will
 send you a link and you can just join. It's going to be on. Is it the 14th of April? That's right.
 2026. Yep, this year. And it's at 7pm UK time. So go to patreon.com/clubfish,
 look for that friend of the podcast here, and then you will be able to join us and see if you can
 pit your wits against other fish fans. Okay, on with the podcast. On with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming to you
 from the QI offices in Hobern. My name is Dan Schreiber. I am sitting here with James Harkin,
 Andrew Hunter Murray, and Ann Miller. And once again, we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days. And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, that is Andy. My effect is the author of Ben Her dedicated the book
 to his wife. But he accidentally made it sound like she died. And when he tried to fix it,
 made it sound even more like she died. So this is Lou Wallace, who wrote Ben Her, which was one of the
 biggest books of the world in, it was out in about 1880. I think it was the biggest selling novel of
 the 19th century. Until gone with the wind, I think. And it's a Roman epic that also takes in the
 birth of Jesus. Yes. Of the life of Jesus. It's a bit like the life of Brian, but it's serious.
 It's a mess where I can describe it. It's huge, though. For many people, it was the first fiction they'd
 ever read. It just sold so many millions of copies. It's like the modern version of the Da Vinci code,
 50 Shades of Grey, Ann Miller's New Park. Yes. It's all of that. It's all of that. Do you have
 let proceed in your zone? No. And always adds 50% to say anyway. I thought it was a big eye.
 I should say this was sent in by Amber O'Ran. So thank you very much, Amber. It's a terrific fact.
 Basically, Wallace was married to his wife, Susan. And he said, I'm going to dedicate the book to you.
 What would you like? And she chose the wording to the wife of my youth.
 Only my youth. Yeah. A lot of people read that as, oh, that's so sad. She passed away, you know,
 some years ago, out of the wife of my youth. And he wrote, I began to receive letters of sympathy and
 inquiries as to when and of what poor Mrs. Wallace died. She was alive and well. And he got so many,
 I think he started getting marriage proposals by people saying, hey, he's single. You're right,
 so go book. Yeah. And he had to go back and he asked his wife to help him fix it. So later copies
 read, to the wife of my youth, who still abides with me. Oh my God. She lives on in my heart.
 Not like the world's most famous funeral song as well. Just to my wife. To my wife. To my wife,
 who's here right now. She's looking great. She's never looked better. Here's a problem. It's a great
 novel. He's written this great novel. His wife is only doing one little bit. His wife has done the
 dedication both times and she's messed it up twice. Yeah. Yeah. She had one job. But she's played a long
 game in terms of PR because now she's on those things of fish. Oh yeah. Susan Wallace. Susan Wallace.
 She's still alive. Well, she outlived him by a couple of years. She was a writer as well. And I
 read that she came up with a phrase, the pastor of Little Feet in a poem. Ah, that's huge. That's huge.
 And people know that more than Ben Hurr. So it's pretty snappier, isn't it? Yeah, it's quicker.
 It was a big book. I mean, there's no doubt that this was a huge, huge moment in literature.
 It supposedly was blessed by Pope Leo, the 13th. That's a story that goes around. It was one of the
 first books that was turned into a braille book. That's a big book. Oh wow. To be braille. That was a lot.
 Yeah. Yeah. You get tired fingers. Yeah. And it was, it was what? You were to get tired
 fingers. Yeah. And tired eyeballs for reading it because it is a monster book. Tired is. If you listen
 to the audio. Do you see it as one of the first like big like merch tie-ins as well? So his son
 was a businessman and he licensed it to all sorts of things. You could get Ben Hurr cars, bicycles,
 cigars, Ben Hurr soup, Ben Hurr perfume, and Ben Hurr flour. As in stuff you make cakes with?
 Yeah. Wow. Ben Hurr. I also read you could get Ben Hurr and Ben Hurr's bathroom towel.
 Stuff for hair. Apparently. Very good. I didn't think they had his and
 her stuff in the 1880s, but I'm wrong really. I think the merch that I'm talking about came after
 the movie came out. And so the movie came out in the 50s didn't it? Yeah. The Charlton Heston version,
 the like real colossal famous one. Yeah. But there have been four films. I've got four films.
 One was at the first one MGM ever made. Yeah. The first was in 1907, which was 15 minutes long,
 which at the time was an epic. Oh my god. I'm going to go for a wee playtime. They didn't get the
 rights to it. They just made the film. So all prints of that film by law were destroyed except one.
 Yeah. There was only one print left. Then there was a 1925 one which was very faithful to it and
 they got the rights. And then yes, the 1959 one is a very famous old Hollywood, you know,
 Swords and Sandals epic. Yeah. It's got a chariot race. And that is really long, isn't it? I think.
 Yeah. Yeah. I always when I go to the cinema, I like to have a glass of wine when I'm watching
 and they sell glass of wine in one, two, five, one, seven, five and two, 50. And if it's a real long movie
 like this, I'll get a two, 50 under one, seven, five, no. They should get a bottle. Cheaper's get a bottle.
 Yeah. I will say that, but I don't want the waste because I'm not going to get through a bottle.
 Do you know the movie Trolton Heston plays Ben Hur in the movie?
 Yeah, Judy. And in Greece, it was not starring Trolton Heston.
 No, sorry, John's revolter. Yes. Yes. Anyway, just a little fact there for you guys.
 Two different people that turned out. Anyway. So in Greece, they released this with another actor.
 No, it was still Trolton Heston, but he was built as Trolton Easton. And the reason is it's because
 in modern Greek, Hesto means to shit yourself. Yeah. It's a dedication driving a chariot that far.
 That's amazing. I read that they offered it to a few different people before Trolton Heston.
 Bert Langkaster turned it down because he thought it was boring, but also like it was dispirging towards
 Christianity. Paul Newman turned it down because he said he didn't have the legs for it.
 Disagree. Respectfully. Because they were worth tunics. And he thought his calves weren't quite
 up to the job. But he'd also like, he'd done another biblical epic that hadn't gone very well.
 So I think he was kind of a bit unsure about it. That's right. I read that the film got the
 111 Academy Awards, which is like the most anyone who got until Lord of the Rings, the third one that
 also got 11 and both books, Harper Collins books. Interesting. What are you trying to say now?
 This is a woman in publishing, you know? Can you name any other Harper Collins books?
 Yeah, all of you have everything else by Dan Schreiber.
 That was, yeah, an imprint, mudlark of Harper Collins. The really nice thing about the film
 versions is that there's a guy who directed the chariot race in the 1925 movie, Assistant Director
 it, it's called William Weiler. He directed the 1959 film. He worked his way up from Assistant
 chariot race director to overall film director. But the 1959 film is the only Hollywood movie ever
 to make the Vatican's approved list of films. Really? If you're having a Vatican movie night,
 yeah, Vatican approved movie night. Yes, you can only watch one Hollywood film and it's been
 that's the only one. I don't know if they've updated the list. I should write to them.
 I should write to them. So what are the other ones on there then? There's Dude Where's My Car
 2. I'm not Dude Where's My Car 1. But that's Hollywood as well, right? So what I mean,
 is it like European, like educational films? It's going to be a load of boring, boring stuff,
 aren't it? Yeah. What if it's literally just been her? When I was in primary school, we had one
 video to record every wet play around a turn. We all watched Mrs. Doubtfire, but only the first 50 minutes.
 Wow. Why only the first 50? Because tell us how long the lesson was. I didn't see the second half
 until I was like 20. They're both the same guy. I'm not kidding, we watched the same 50 minutes
 everywhere, right? Like presumably you went to school in Scotland, right? So if you guys,
 it would be like a documentary. How was the accent? Well, the movie, the print, the original
 print. Do you guys know where that is? What do you mean by the film? Yeah, the film. Is it
 somewhere, is it guessable? In a museum? It's a kind of museum. It's a storage place, but people
 can go and visit it, but you have to book. It's 640 feet below Kansas in a salt mine. Oh, it's in
 like a time capsule. It's not a time capsule. It's just where they think the best place that is not
 going to mean that the thing if there's a natural disaster is going to get hit, that it's a storage
 place, basically. So it's in Kansas. It's got the original Wizard of Oz there as well. Well, they
 do get a lot of... They get her on Edo's and stuff. Yeah. So we are in Kansas. We are in Kansas.
 That's the line, isn't it? We're not in Kansas. Yeah. But they're in Kansas forever, if you're
 better than her. That's what... Yeah. Sorry, I really... We are in Kansas. Not... That opposite of the most
 famous line from that movie. Yeah, I saw what you were trying to say. Thank you, guys. And also,
 Journey to the Center of the Earth is there as well. Oh, yeah. It's there. So it's 640 feet below
 like Lindbergh, Clostrophobia, or like... I think there will be change wrapped in a tunnel.
 Can we talk a little bit about Lou Wallace? Oh, yeah. And a size with Lou Wallace. And you
 nothing about him. Very, very interesting fellows. So he started writing this book after
 basically being button-holded on a train by an agnostic for some time. Well, do you mean my button-hold?
 Sorry, where someone... It's like where someone grabs your lapel and just talks at
 you for ages about something. I think I'm hot, you know. So he was on a train with another soldier.
 He was a soldier in the Union Army in the Civil War, in the Civil War. And he got talking to this
 soldier called Colonel Robert Ingersulf for ages and Ages, who was quite a well-known agnostic speaker
 about, you know, doubts about the existence of God. And he just seems to have written a huge
 epic religious novel off the back of this conversation saying, "Just to piss him off, then."
 Seems like it. Yeah, yeah. And it was read by so many famous people. So friend of the podcast,
 I would say first and closest friend of the podcast. Robin Thickey.
 President James Garfield? No. Well, he was a very well-read man. Well, he had time at a time,
 didn't he? Well, he was lying around. Did you read about the job he gave him? No. So apparently
 President James Garfield, so he went up while he was president. He loved Ben Hurr so much. And this,
 I wish people empowered him this more often. He wanted to read the sequel so much that he gave
 Lou Wallace the job of ambassador to the Ottoman Empire based in Constantinople in hope that being
 there would make him inspire him to write a sequel. Oh, wow. That's so cool. That is so cool. But he
 didn't write a sequel. He did write a sequel. He was probably busy being the, it's not like a big
 job, but like ambassador to the Ottoman Empire. That's a huge game. I imagine Donald Trump's done
 the same with Eric Karl to try and get him to do it. Very hungry cats at L.A. I'm here for it.
 But this guy's life is absolutely incredible. He's basically kind of like the nearest comparison
 I can think of is like the Charles Brandritz of his time because he did everything. So he,
 when Abraham Lincoln was assassinated, he was one of the people who investigated the co-conspirators.
 He was a general in the civil war. He was sent and made territorial governor of New Mexico,
 which is where he wrote Ben Hurr. Then he wrote the book and then he did some deal with Billy the
 kid that went wrong. So he had like people going past his house and shooting at his candles while
 he was trying to write because they were so cross with him that said go himself. Sorry, hang on back up.
 Billy the kids people were shooting at his candles. He had to stop him writing. That's pretty cool.
 I mean, I don't think they were that good at shooting in those days. I know they were good.
 To be able to shoot a candle. Yeah, you've got calamity Jane who can do that, but that's about it.
 I don't think you're passing a candle. Oh, you just aimed for the top day. No, but how do you not
 accidentally kill Louis Wallace in the process? I think they wouldn't have minded. Yeah, okay.
 Well, he, um, he did end up having Billy the kid arrested,
 which is what happened with Billy the kid. I might be wrong about this, but I think what happened was
 believe the kid was an outlaw and he said, well, I'll pardon you. Come back and we'll let bygones
 be bygones. And maybe you can like tell us about some of your accomplices, but then he kind of lost
 his power a little bit. And the other people who were in charge said, oh, we're not gonna agree with
 that deal anymore. Billy the kid then went to prison. So I think he was like a deal that he did,
 but then he wasn't in a position to honor it. Interesting. And I think that's then the reason that
 Billy the kid's people were so upset with him. I think. Right, right, right, right, that makes sense.
 They're like, what do I like? What do I've? He made his own violins, Louis.
 He patented eight inventions. One of them was a retractable reel inside a fish in a rod handle.
 This guy is very useful. I was looking at the website of the, um, his, his study, which he built
 to play the violin is now a museum. And on the website, they've got these FAQs. So they're like, oh,
 did he really go back on his word to Billy the kid? Did he really not Abraham Lincoln? But one of
 the questions is, did Louis Wallace really invent this news button? And the answer is no.
 And it says, and we're not sure how this rumor got started. How frequently asked is this question?
 Well, yeah, every nine minutes. I feel like with what we've heard about him, that doesn't sound
 out of place. He invented. He did invent things. Yeah. That's not a snooze button. And then there's
 this lovely quote from him where he said, um, let's read the whole thing. It's beautiful. He says,
 "I would not give a tuppance for the American who has not tried to do at least one of these things.
 Paint a picture, write a book, get a patent, or try to play a musical instrument. That is the genius
 of the true American in those four art literature invention and music." Oh, it's easy for you to say,
 a sort of multi-award winning genius inventor. Military leader, presidential writer. Did he produce any
 other major work outside of Ben Hur? He wrote the big biography for Benjamin Harrison while he
 was running for president. Ben Hur? Ben. He should have called him that. Because they wasn't really
 much like, you know, like a, like a TV new circuit you could go on. So to like get to know the candidates,
 they pushed these books and he wrote Ben Hur and Harrison. It's such a good job. It was like the
 book about him for like 70 years, but with the wrong title. Yeah. Should we do a little bit on
 dedications? Well, yeah. Well, yeah. Yeah. Um, a lot of these are just, you'll see lists of
 dedications. Isn't that a good one? Yep. I really like George R.R. Martin's one for a storm of
 sods where he said, "For Phyllis, who made me put the dragons in." That novel is definitely improved
 by the dragons, I would say. Yes. Jane Austen's Emma has got brilliant dedication. It's
 to his Royal Highness, the Prince Regent, this work is by his Royal Highness's permission,
 most respectfully dedicated by his Royal Highness's beautiful and obedient humble servant, the author,
 which is just about the worst sentence Jane Austen. And the reason we think that is the case is because
 really she did not like his Royal Highness the Prince Regent, but she felt like she had to do it.
 Maybe he'd asked her to do it because I think he did ask her to write some stuff for him. Maybe he
 bid for it in a charity auction. But apparently she supported Princess Caroline who was his estranged wife,
 and we know that she did that and the assumption is that this sentence is so bad because she
 supplied his ex-wife. That's really funny. Yes, I heard that he was just this boorish Royal who,
 you know, was widely disliked. Was he quite a fanboy though, didn't he? He said, "Can I have
 like a first edition?" Yeah, yeah, yeah. So that's, you know, what we've moved on for those times now,
 so that's good. Yeah, but the E. Cummings poetry collection called No Thanks, the dedication is to
 14 publishers who rejected the work. No thanks. It was Harper Collins, one of them. That's what we need to know.
 I don't think so. But he's still in line for the 11 Academy Awards. And this one I love, which is
 very profound, which is a book called The End Games by T. Kale Martin, and it is The Quoters. Everything
 not said will be lost. Does anyone know where that comes from? Everything sounds like on, as you're
 saving on your Windows word. On an Nintendo. Okay, it is time for fact number two, and that is Anne.
 My fact is that as well as more famous Greek gods like Poseidon and Zeus, there was also
 Kaya Mites, the God of Beans. Yeah, man. Fantastic. What would be your job as God of Beans, just making sure?
 Counting them like that. Counting them like that. There's very little known about Kaya Mites, I should
 say. So we think specifically the broad bean, and we think he may have hung around with Demeter,
 who is the goddess of agriculture, but he's quite mysterious. Do you get kind of junior, because
 like in the government, you have the main minister of transport, but then you'll have the minister of
 buses, who's it's got a smaller brief, obviously. Is it the same kind of thing you'll have a God of
 the big deal, like God of War, and within that is a goddess of archery? I would say yes, but with a lot
 more having sex with your sister. No, we don't know what the minister of buses gets up to you.
 That's what the buses is about. There's not much written about this guy, Kaya Mites, but
 Posenius writes, "I cannot state for certain whether he was the first to sow beans, or whether they
 gave this name to a hero because they may not attribute it to Demeter, the discovery of Beans,
 whoever has been initiated in Elliusus, or has read what I called the Orfica knows what I mean."
 But it's such, we don't know what that means. It's so mysterious, but Andy's kind of is like a
 government set up, so you have, basically, you're like 12 Olympic gods to live among the Olympus,
 and there's kind of two grips. There's Zeus and his siblings, and then there are his children,
 and there's some crossover. And so you have Zeus, who's married to hero, who is his sister,
 they have some children. There's also his sister, Demeter, they also have a child, and then there are
 his children, so that you've got like Athena, Aphrodite, Hermes. But again, with Greek mythology,
 because the stories were told so often in different places, there's different versions of everybody's
 parentage. Aphrodite's one is brilliant, because there are one version of that she's Zeus's daughter,
 but not heroes, so far so straightforward. The other telling is that her father was a different
 god, Uranus, god of the sea, sorry, Uranus, god of the sky, and in that version of the story,
 not because of what's coming next, and in this version, his testicles were cut off and thrown
 into the sea, and Neopathos in Cyprus, and the resulting foam led to the creation of Aphrodite,
 and her name comes from the Greek Aphros, which means foam. But there are very famous paintings
 of Aphrodite coming out of the sea and being born, and so that's why I can tell, no testicles
 in the paintings. Okay, okay, that's what I'm saying. Is that the same as the birth of Venus,
 where she's on the shell? Yeah, but for me, yes. I find it all very difficult to keep in my head.
 No, it's like you get it in quiz questions and stuff like that, it always comes up, and I've often
 tried to learn how everyone's related to each other, but it's so difficult. It matches together,
 and it changes, and there's different versions, even the 12 Olympian gods, those different 12s,
 depending on who you talk to. They're kind of like Zeus was always there, but some of them very
 around a little bit, and it all starts slipping into each other. But like, so Poseidon, he's the
 father of the Cyclops in the Odyssey, that's his son. His son is also Pegasus, the flying horse.
 Yeah, so like what a family other. He's a classic. Yeah, this is a real dinosaur. Wait, sorry, that's.
 Poseidon's children, different mothers. One of them is a horse? Yeah, Pegasus, flying horse. So
 Pegasus. It's a difficult birth, isn't it? So do you know, but Pegasus is both? No, I'll be. But to
 explain it, you also have to go back like six steps, because so Pegasus is born when Perseus kills Medusa.
 Perseus? Perseus is this, so Perseus's grandfather is told if he has a grandson, that grandson will kill him.
 So he says that's not happening. I'll lock my daughter away, no grandchildren for me. Zeus appears
 as a golden shower and impregnates her. Oh, okay. She gives birth to Perseus. The grandfather throws
 him in a river and sends him away to stop the curse coming true. Right. But Perseus then
 sent on his new island by a king on the quest to kill the Gorgon Medusa. And when he slashes his
 sword to kill Medusa, Pegasus is born from her head. Oh, I don't know. That's how we got the horse.
 Yeah, that's where the horse comes from. Also like when you get a curse like that,
 or when someone predicts a future, don't try and stop it. Yeah, because whatever you try and do,
 it'll come back with a flying horse. Yeah, save yourself. Save yourself the first. Yeah, yeah.
 Aphrodite, we've mentioned the goddess of love. She just has an interesting
 entourage of junior gods around her. There's Eros. There's Hermaphrodetus and there's Hymen,
 the god of marriage. Oh. But there are various other, I'd like this kind of very junior level gods.
 So there's more gods as Terry Pratchett with gods. Yeah, yeah. Hadilugos, god of sweet talking. Nice.
 Sweet talking. Yeah. Right. It's first thing. Yeah. Yeah. Chat. Good chat.
 Top, but hot bands. But Aphrodite, he has another very interesting thing that she gave the world
 because she may have been the first mother ever to slipper her child as in like, oh, to like,
 thrash with the slipper. Oh, really? There's a vase from 360 BC, which depicts Aphrodite,
 giving naughty little Eros as spanking with the slipper, which is obviously that's
 become, you know, that was a staple of things like the bino. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. With the slipper.
 You know, when you have a bad moment, you think, I hope nobody saw me do that. I'm not having it
 painted on a vase. You've seen the latest vases. No, we did something ages ago,
 which was about Pythagoras and his, his, his, uh, death. Yeah, and his fear of beans.
 Was that connected in any way to the fact that I think it might be connected in some way,
 in that the reason that he didn't like beans is because some people thought they had the souls of
 dead people in them. They were definitely associated with death. And they were in offering
 that you would give if someone had died. And so for that reason, they were obviously important
 in society. And when something was so important, they might have a god associated with them. Yes.
 So I think that's what, what the, and they also had sort of like deities. They weren't specific
 gods, but they like sort of had special powers really, they couldn't for certain areas. So there
 was Horcus, who personified the curse on those who make a bad oath. He would sort of call to him.
 And then somebody, Momis is with mockery and satire. Um, there's a whole bunch of like,
 so I have more skills. Momis is the bastard child of night. Oh, it's like cool. That sounds like
 George R. R. Martin again, doesn't it? It is a bit. Yeah, yeah. And, um, Momis was thrown out of a
 limper's eventually for hanging around making unhelpful comments. He would be my day. He's like
 your patron saint. I didn't think, oh, wow. The class clown has it. Yeah, yeah. Um, so I get quite,
 I get quite confused about how people in ancient Greece experienced all this. Yeah. What was the
 day-to-day life like with all of these gods? I know they had individual temples and some major
 ones and some smaller ones, but I just wanted to do a little quiz questions you guys. When was the
 last temple built to the Greek gods? Oh, there's probably still people around who believe in it. So
 I would say 2025. Yeah, I don't feel that's very likely, but to play along with your game, let's say
 it was 500 BC. Yeah, 100 BC. Thank you. May 2020. Thank you. This morning. It was in 2025. Yeah,
 it's in the Peloponnese and it was the idea of a doctor called Manalys Heliotis, who has 158
 because of land. It's a proper temple. It's marble. Cool. It's for Pacific gods or for all the
 land. Do you know, I don't know. Sounds like a tax break to me. It's worth it to go right off, so yeah,
 ask me one. Um, it opened on the 8th of March. Oh, same birthday as no such thing as a fish.
 Oh, that's sad. That's the day. It is. That's it. That's it. Yeah. Um, it was illegal to worship Zeus
 until 2006. Yes. Uh, in fact, any of these lot. If you wanted to do a Kaya mighty's festival,
 then that was no can do. Um, but then in 2006 and Athens caught, decided that, um, you can do this kind
 of pagan worshipping because before that, you could only be, I think, an Orthodox Christian and one or
 two other things were allowed. But yeah, then they came in and then there were censuses and the US
 State Department in 2006 reckoned there were 2000 followers of the ancient Greek religion. Although
 people who do that, they reckon the numbers more like 100,000 who still believe in those. Really?
 I mean, it's in their interest to pump up the numbers. Yeah. But it's not like, it's not like a thing,
 it's not like a thing of saying you're a Jedi, which was on a set of a few sentences. It's not like,
 it's not like being a wicker, and I would say, or like, you know, sorry to the Wickers listening,
 because I know people get that wrong a lot as well. But it's, it's worshipping the old gods. Yes,
 which definitely there are people in the UK who do that. Yeah. And the Greek Orthodox Church are very
 down on this sort of thing. They were very against this temple. Yeah. Yeah, they were very hostile to it.
 And they said it was a regression to a dark world. Right. Gosh. So Uranus, who didn't pronounce
 properly before, and something on the planet that we have that is named after a Greek god.
 So this is where it gets confusing, because generally the planet names are the Roman versions of
 the gods. Right. So Aphrodite becomes Venus. But Neptune is run because the Poseidon is the Greek
 so you know, Jupiter's Roman, Jupiter's Roman, Saturn's Roman. Yeah. But Uranus is the only one that's
 slight. Seems to be both. Pluto is the dog. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Running around barking a lot. Yeah.
 Mercury is the lead secret of queen. Yeah. Which you like some fun ancient Greek etymology.
 Yeah. Yeah. So the word tantalizing is from Greek myth. I didn't know this until very recently.
 It's a myth about King Tantalus, and he was punished by Hades made him stand in a river up to his
 neck in water, and he wasn't allowed to eat her drinks. So if he moved to get the fruit trees above him,
 the trees would move. If he moved to drink the water, the water would move. So he was like always
 trying to get food or drink, and he couldn't. But would you like to know why he was punished by the gods?
 Oh yes. You did three things. Can we guess? You can try. He stole grapes. Yeah. Kind of. He stole
 nectar and ambrosia, so I'll give you that. That's a pretty wild first hiprate. Next one,
 the two and three. He smacked the wrong child with a slipper. He had sex with Osora goddess naked.
 That often happens. That's good. I mean, they're not a million miles off. So the second one is
 secrets. He told secrets he'd overhired, that he shouldn't have, and the third one is a worse version
 of the slipper. He killed his son and served him to the gods to test their powers of observation.
 And they did not like this. How was he serving him? I think in a stew. Oh, that's impossible to tell.
 A stew. He's in love going on. Is this chicken? Is this pension? Is this your son? I don't know.
 The God of Beans is going, though. What me is this in with God? Something's up. I said we should all be
 vegetarian. That's really interesting, because tantalises, so I was looking at the things we covered
 at ages ago, that there are various financial houses named after Greek gods. It's a really
 common thing to do to make your rubby little hedge fund sound like it's been around for 2,000 years.
 You know what I mean? Like Olympian Handlings. Yeah, like exactly like Jupiter investments.
 Yeah, you know, all of this stuff. But sorry. It's when the hedge fund is listening. If you want
 to sponsor an episode, we're very happy with that. But there's a very niche one. There's an amazing
 article by Thomas Fedorek who spotted there's Yuri Claire partners, right? And I'd never heard of Yuri
 Claire. Yuri Claire is a minor character in the Odyssey. And this is actually, I think, the best-named
 financial institution you could have named after a character from ancient myth, because in the Odyssey,
 Odysseus gets home 20 years later, where have you been, all that. But there are loads of chances
 living in the house trying to check his wife, basically. And she is putting them off and saying,
 my husband's going to be home any minute, but it's been 20 years and it's wearing increasingly thin.
 And the god of snooze buttons going, I mean, nine more minutes. Exactly. This has all just been made
 into a film starring Ray Feins by the way. I can't wait it. Yeah, I can't wait. Yeah, I can't wait.
 So when Odysseus is on his way home, he will be killed by all the chances who, you know, sort of like
 young warlords trying to try to get with his wife. So the goddess Athena disguises Odysseus as a
 tramp, so he won't be killed on sight, right? So he can get into the house and suddenly throw off his
 costume and win the prize and reclaim his wife and all this. Everyone is fooled by the sight of
 this tramp, except Yuri Claire, who is an elderly servant living in the house, and she is the one who
 spots a familiar scar on his thigh and says, you're Odysseus. How does she know his thigh so well?
 Well, good point. But she observes him and it means she can, you know, she can buy stocks in Odysseus,
 basically. So I think that is a terrific, like she has the insight based on good market knowledge.
 So I think that is a fantastic name for a financial organisation. Okay. Do you know what my hedge fund
 will be called? Yeah. Mine will be called Epimepheus Holdings. Okay. Because Epimepheus was the god of
 afterthought in excuses. And he was the brother of Prometheus. So Prometheus in this story creates
 humans and Epimepheus creates all the other animals. But he's so sort of stupid and just really
 impulsive that he puts all the best bits on all the other animals. So he puts the wings on the
 eagles and he puts the humps on the camels and the trunks on the elephants and all the best bits
 were then. So the humans just get a shitty little human. That's so funny. Yeah. So should we have
 had humps and wings and we should have had humps but in the end only the black eyed peas have them.
 Now I'm talking. So I found another so just another bit of really cool mythology. So you know
 if you watch a TV detective show and they always have a big like a murder wall with like red tape,
 like that's kind of from the Minotaur myth. Okay. So our word clue like CLUE comes from C-L-E-W-E-Clue
 which was a ball of yarn that directly comes from the ball of yarn that Thesis used to get through
 the labyrinth to the Minotaur. Fantastic. And it was telling that it's a red ball of wool. So I
 think it's kind of cool that unintentionally that red murder wall wall kind of is in two ways I would
 say it's the Minotaur. Yes. Yes. And the red tape that the detective doesn't pay any attention to
 because he's trying to bust a crook. That's really cool. That's really cool. Yeah. It's cool.
 Like ancient grace. Also the Minotaur myth is I love the Minotaur myth but their origins are
 absolutely horrendous. Is someone sleeping with a ball? Oh yeah. It is. Worse than that. Actually,
 she builds a special wooden contraption in order to do that. That's right. Yeah. Who's she?
 K minus his wife. So Poseidon gives... A lot of this mischief comes back to Poseidon. So he
 gives K minus his beautiful white ball to be sacrificed to Poseidon and K minus his leg. I'm going to
 keep this because this is a great ball. And so he gets furious and he makes Minotaur's wife fall
 in love with the ball. To the extent that she builds a wooden contraption so she may have her way
 with this ball. And then she gives both to the Minotaur. It's weird that the ball finds the
 wooden contraption sexy. Yeah. You would think. Yeah. It's a bit like, you know, that mating
 hats that people wear for falcons. For falcons. For falcons. Yeah. consent to have sex with the hat.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. That's the modded equivalent. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Why did they have hats so much?
 We can move on. That's it. What did the Minotaur invent? Well, Red String Theory,
 for Lisa. And you know those hats that falcons share? We talk about that less.
 Why I love about this office and always have loved is that you can speak to anyone in here and say,
 you know that hat that falcons like to have sex with and everyone does. Of course we know.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three. And that is my fact. My fact this week is that the greatest
 ever treasure trove of original American comic strips was discovered in a naval warehouse
 by a man called Blackbeard. That's a great name. He's a William Blackbeard. This was a guy who
 really is credited by people within the community of comic books in America as single-handedly the
 reason that we have all the original source material from, you know, the 30s onwards.
 He made it his mission to track down and find all the original newspapers. So he would go around
 to people's garages, you know, and he would just say, do you have any old newspapers and often they
 did? And he would cut out the comic strips and he would log them and so he kept this huge archive.
 And he was having to do it very slowly. But then eventually he discovered that the Library of
 Congress had six acres of naval warehouse in Virginia. And it was where they were housing all of these
 newspapers that went back to the 19th century. And so he suddenly thought, great, they're safe.
 But then it turned out that they were getting rid of them because they thought, are they going to
 deteriorate? So they were photographing, making microfilm of them and then they were going to toss
 them away. Now the issue for him was if you'd make a microfilm of comic strips, they're in black and
 white, they're no longer in color. And so he did a deal and he was able to extract them all. And as a
 result, saved all the originals of these things. So he's a real hero in that community. That's really
 cool. Let's just say one thing, it's snowing. Oh, anyway, is that? Yeah, it was a second ago.
 All right, you're a pigeoned and shit. It's so beautiful.
 One snowflake. A couple of flakes. Oh, I saw one. Anyway, great story.
 Did he have to do the weather? Yeah.
 Boring British subject. Did he? Did he have to cut out the strips individually? Or did he keep
 them as like full papers? No, he just kept them out. I don't know if he did that for every single one.
 Because that's for every paper. That's you can't keep the whole paper. That's why they were in
 warehouses. These huge stacks of papers and all he wanted was one tiny strip of paper. So we
 should say, yes, this is comic strips, not comic books. Exactly. It's not a first edition Superman.
 It's a first edition. Garfield. Garfield. It was something like 2.5 million clippings that he managed
 to get hands on. There's still going through the archive. There's a couple of Instagram accounts
 where they show latest findings. I saw one the other day of a poster of Charlie Brown,
 which they were really excited because it's original. So yeah, a huge, huge hero to this community.
 I guess people didn't realize what they had. You need somebody to, like every book the British
 library takes a copy that you need a system to store the comics and something like that guy set up.
 Yeah, him and his wife, he just did it. He just set up his own company. That's so cool.
 Yeah, which he had to do, I believe, otherwise they wouldn't give it over to him because he
 wasn't an institution. Like resources. Are people like using this resource now? Yeah, it's kind
 of the main archive that is used for any comic book history. He wrote a lot of books as well
 off the back of it. He printed the strips, didn't he? So look, here are a load of peanuts,
 cartoons. I think he did a lot. I think probably sold it a bit better than that.
 I think I read he did a lot of like consultancy work for people who wanted to know what was in the
 comic who would have found out stuff and seen you them all so well. Yeah, yeah. I guess he was like,
 go to a comic book guy. Yeah, the reason I was thinking is like, what use is it to have this stuff?
 A lot of medical knowledge in there. A lot of like ancient lost secrets by a framed pun twice.
 Yeah. Then you get your memory back. Yeah, yeah. Just cultural history in it.
 It's cultural history. Yeah. Yeah. When do people start wearing braces? Well, let's look at this
 addition of Fred, the dog or whatever it is. Yeah. There's a lot of debate about when comics
 began because obviously they became big in the 20th century in a really big way in newspapers.
 What about hieroglyphs? Well, you've just outgunned my early bed, which was for the biotapestry.
 Oh, yeah. Comic strip. Is it a comic strip? What about like the cave paintings?
 I've seen cave paintings where it appears like one thing comes after the other one.
 Yes. Oh, yeah. That's a good one. Cave comics. Arguably cartoons and comic strips are the
 oldest medium. There we go. There we go. When were you going to say the Bayo? Yeah.
 Because that is sequential though, isn't it? The Bayo Tapestry. And it's a strip. It is.
 It's coming here. We're going to get it in the UK. We're so excited. I'm so excited. I thought I saw it.
 No, we've had this discussion already. Yeah. What did I see? You said you thought you'd
 see that. I'd be sad if you ever been to Bayo. You said no, and I don't even know where it is.
 I said, well, you haven't seen it before. Yeah. I thought I saw it at the British Museum.
 All right. I'm sure I've seen something at the British Library. Library, I mean, sorry.
 Yeah. Oh, your story's changing. I know. I've seen a different city.
 There are some vases which are technically a kind of animation. I know that not as old as the
 cave paintings, but there are some ancient Persian vases. This is really cool. I've never heard
 of Iran's burnt city. Oh, Jesus. It's unfortunate timing now. But there is a place called
 the burnt city, which is an ancient historical site. They found a bowl in there which was 5,200 years
 old, and it's got these five images on it. If you spin the bowl, it shows a goat jumping up and
 grabbing some leaves from a tree. It's like an animation. It's like a zootrop. The thing you spin
 round and round and the animation repeats itself. That's the right thing. I've seen it and they've
 rendered it into an animation like that. That's like the original flipbook as opposed to
 the comic strip. You're right. Yeah. That's very cool. Do you know where the word cartoon comes from,
 or when it was first used in the UK? Shake, yeah. No, after that, it was 1843, and it referred to some
 things in the houses of Parliament. So they'd recently put some murals in there. And the word
 cartoon at that time meant like a little sketch you would do on cardboard before you did your big
 painting. So if you're in Italy, for instance, it was an Italian word. So let's say Leonardo
 Davinci wants to do the last supper. But first, he's going to do a little scribble on his
 shredding's box. Like to get all the spacing right? Yeah, to get all the spacing right and stuff.
 So that was an Italian word. And then the magazine punch used the word to refer to these murals
 in the houses of Parliament that people were able to go and see. And then it became kind of a
 visible thing because it was a comedy magazine. And then they started using the word cartoon to
 refer to their political cartoons. Which became big around that time as well. And that's why we use it
 today. Wow, so interesting. I have another Italian word. The Italian for a comic strip is Fumetto,
 which means literally little puff of smoke. And it's named for the shape of the little speech bubbles.
 You get in cut in comic strips. I think it's pronounced Fumetto. F-U-M-E-T-T-O Fumetto. But it's
 a little cloud. It's very beautiful. That's wonderful. I was looking into a few of the
 major comic strip creators of the 1930s onwards in America. When circulation was like, you know,
 it was getting 34 million readers a day because it was syndicated to all the newspapers. So these people
 were amongst the most red in America at the time. Elsie Cigar, who we've mentioned before,
 he's the creator of Popeye. This guy died quite young. So he did about nine years worth of Popeye.
 But the cultural impact that it had is massive. Most of the illustrators who came after like Charles
 Schultz and so on, hold this guy up as one of the great geniuses. So that stuff is kind of obvious,
 but it had an even bigger impact that I didn't realize, which is that Popeye was meant to be Mario.
 So in Japan, when Mario was first made, it was never meant to be Donkey Kong and Mario. It was
 meant to be Bluto and Popeye, but they couldn't get the rights to it. So they had to change it so that
 it became that. So we could have been playing Popeye cards these days. But actually, that's cool.
 Yeah, that's it was just simply your rights issue and they had to pivot into making it something else.
 Yeah, like literally necessity is the mother of invention. I read that during the Great Depression,
 it made spinach consumption go up 33%. As an American children, named it one of the top three
 favorite foods after ice cream and turkey. Wow, that's incredible. That's some believable
 branding for spinach, isn't it? Yeah, that's quite the bronze position on the podium.
 There have been a lot of concerns about comics over the years, and I'm speaking
 here more right comic books rather than comic strips. No one's ever been made depraved by Garfield
 in the paper, but there were a lot of worries in the 1940s. There were even some comic book
 burnings that happened. So a lot of editorials which said they were a national disgrace.
 One American critic called John Mason Brown described them as the marijuana of the nursery.
 I know there was a big work in 1954, seduction of the innocent by... That was Frederick Wortham,
 right? Yes. He was a child psychologist who did a lot of good in his career, you know,
 ensured that a lot of poor or mentally unwell people got fair trials, helped fight mental illness
 in children, but he had a big being in his bonnet about comics. He decided they were evil.
 He decided that Batman and Robin were an item, which was less socially acceptable in the 40s
 than it was today. What they weren't an item. They absolutely weren't. I think he was seeing what
 he wanted to see there. He decided Superman was a fascist, very much not the point, and he basically
 thought they should all be a 15 certificate blanket, no exceptions. So we have slightly mentioned him
 before. But what I didn't know about him is he did this sort of like comic books, a terrible thing,
 and then a load of right-wing people started giving him money because they really liked the fact that
 he was trying to censor cartoons and stuff. But on the side, he was an anti-racism campaigner,
 and the light you say, he was running clinics for mental health and stuff like that, but specifically,
 he was running them in Harlem, which had a very, very high African-American population,
 and he was really helping those communities. And so all the money from these right wingers that
 they thought was going to kind of ban porky pig or whatever was actually going to help these
 hospitals. That's really funny. That's very cool. Yeah. It led to this thing called the comics code,
 which had all these rules like if crime is depicted, it should be as a solid and unpleasant activity.
 No learied unsavory or gruesome illustrations, no walking dead torture vampires, ghouls, cannibalism,
 or werewolfism. Guess what year this code lasted until... That's 20... 2035. You ruined the day. Is it 200 PC? Thank you, James.
 It was 2011. Wow. Final members of this code. People gradually, like comic book makers
 gradually fell away from it, but the final members kept going until 2011. Do you still get that a bit
 today where like in a movie, it's quite rare that you get a film where people do something bad and
 they don't get caught for it or they don't get, you know, they don't get the come-up and somehow,
 do you know what I mean? It's quite unsatisfying when you watch it and people don't get caught.
 Oh no, you were told where werewolves and all that kind of stuff. In 1954 in Glasgow, there was a
 vampire hunt and this was basically a load of kids were going around Glasgow trying to find vampires
 and eventually it led to the children and young persons harmful publications acts of 1955 which
 banned the sale of comic books with, you know, evil characters in it. And what they thought was that
 people had been reading comics with vampires and had decided to go around cemeteries attacking people,
 but people pointed out that actually there were no vampire comics around that time, no one had read
 any. They couldn't point to the one that these kids had been reading, but there is a monster with
 Iron Teeth in the Bible in Daniel 7/7 which had been mentioned in local schools around the time.
 And what they think happened was they'd heard this story from the Bible, they thought let's go and
 find that person and then the police had said oh they're looking for vampires. But it did lead to
 an actual acts of parliament. So it's sort of excess Sunday school is what they're saying. That's what it
 seems to be, yeah, that it. I was reading about Sigenis lovely fact that there were two Dennis the
 Menace cartoons launched on the same day, so the Scottish one and the American one. But I did
 realize that they think that the reason that happened at the same time was there's a really popular
 musical song called Dennis the Menace from Venice. Okay. So they may have heard that song and then
 it was sort of like a catchy name. They developed it. I mean, it's still it's stuck him out on
 exactly the same day on both sides of the Atlantic, which is absolutely wild. It's insane. Yeah. But not
 that insane if two years earlier there was another character. But the same day. It's still
 found it hard to get my head around. I still think that must prove something. I don't know what it
 proves. Simulation theory. Simulation theory. I mean, Dennis the Menace, we should say, doesn't one,
 which one? British one. Black and red, spiky hair, dog, cold natural, all of that, doesn't of course
 get slippered anymore. Does he know? No, if you by the being of these days is very rare to end
 with corporal punishment, which I just sort of accepted when I was reading it as a child, but that
 was the thing that would happen was that you get slippered. Your grumpy moustacheo dad would hit you
 with slipper. Yeah. And that was that was normal. That was normal. And it never did us any
 harm. You know that in Dundee, we have a our big statue in the town centre is desperate down.
 Is it? Is that so? Yeah, there's a mini that makes snacks. That's very cool. Because that was the
 other thing we've mentioned that on the show. The meat pies that he would eat. They got changed
 into vegan pies for a while as well. Hell pies. Hell pies, sorry. Yeah. Yeah. They were changed into
 veggie. Hang on. This is my son in here. I was an observation test. Oh, here's a tiny, tiny
 fun detail. Scrooge McDuck was invented by a man called Carl Barx, the long centre of the person.
 Oh my god. It sounds like a cartoon of a socialist dog, doesn't it?
 Why don't we all share the bone?
 Okay, it is time for our final fact of the show. And that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that
 naked mole rat toilet cleaners have no hope for promotion. It's a tough enough gig being a naked
 mole rat and it's a tough enough gig cleaning toilets for a living. Yeah. But being a naked mole rat
 and cleaning toilets for a living does feel like you've drawn a bit of a short story. Are they
 only cleaning naked mole rat toilets? Yes. Good question. That'll take a really long time to do
 leggings for a station. That's such a good point. So this is naked mole rats. Yeah. I think one of the
 poster boys of QI over the years, we love naked mole rats. They're hardworking, they're hideous looking.
 They live in Africa where we don't. And they live on the ground. And there was a recent study from
 the Journal of Science Advances that showed individual naked mole rats perform specific duties
 by their colony. Okay, there's digging, transporting garbage, cleaning the toilets because they have
 all these tunnels and some of the tunnels are used for pooing and winging. And the team from
 Kumamoto University in Japan, they put RFID chips in some of these naked mole rats. You know, like the
 ones you get in your oyster cards or whatever or in your credit cards. And they managed to monitor
 these naked mole rats over a certain period and found that they never changed their job. So what they
 think is that basically once you're a toilet cleaner, you stay as a toilet cleaner. It's still early
 days, whether this is completely right because it was quite a short survey, but that's what they think.
 They are absolutely hideous looking. Are we talking about the scientists from Kumamoto University?
 I am. But we should say, if you've never seen a naked mole rat and you're listening to this,
 do have a little Google because they just are not classically fit animals. They live on the ground.
 They live on the ground. They have a terrible eyesight. I know. It doesn't matter. Is that what you're saying?
 How does she look? I have no idea. I have no idea. But they've basically got their naked. They've
 got this sort of wrinkly nude flesh. They look like a sausage with teeth. It's what the scientists
 work on them say. But would you eat that sausage? No. I'd have to have gone a long time without a
 sausage to consider it. I wouldn't pick that off the barbecue first. But especially not these guys,
 they have such amazing superpowers. We think they don't feel pain. They can survive 18 minutes
 with our oxygen, but they can do so many cool things. I wonder, by the way, if the toilet cleaners
 are also partial chefs because I hope they wash their paws. Well, naked mole rats, they eat each other's
 feces and the queens, they have a queen, which is an amazing thing. I think it's queen of the
 toothed sausages. I think queen is putting it a bit strong, actually. That's very unfair.
 They probably wouldn't find you very attractive. They'll be like, can he survive for 18 minutes
 without oxygen? Very stick, man. Can this guy shut his lips behind his teeth? No, he can't.
 But yeah, the queen, though. Well, the queen, yeah, she has particular hormones in her dropping,
 so they'll eat the queens to get sustenance and so on. I wonder if the toilet cleaners are
 sort of going, hey, let's eat this stuff. I feel like I read that by eating the poo, they sort of
 learn how best to protect her and what she needs for sure in the detail. Actually, she can
 fire her estrogen out in the poo, they think. So when she has babies, she gets a whole lot of
 estrogen in her body. Some of it obviously goes out in the poo. The other naked mole rats eat it,
 and they get estrogen in their body, which makes some better parents, so they can all look after
 the children together. They live in colonies where there's one sexually active female who's the queen.
 There are a couple of sexual males and then there are workers, and it's between like 40 and a few
 hundred workers, but the queen suppresses the sexual instincts of almost everyone else in the colony.
 Most adults don't even develop genitalia. All the females have sealed vaginas, the males have
 immature sperm that could not penetrate the neck, and that's thanks to the queen being in position.
 Well, because the queen, it is Game of Thrones-y. Like, the queen isn't born queen. They fight
 to find who the next queen is. Yeah, so it's like a bloodbatch. They're just killing each other right
 until the point where the female mole rat becomes pregnant, and then that becomes the queen.
 And they just kill the females with the most estrogen and just fight and kill each other
 until one of them establishes enough dominance. And then they start giving birth, and then
 it's an amazing process. So the first time they get birth, it's between one and ten naked mole rat
 babies, tops, tops. But then every time they get birth, their body stretches. It's like you've pulled
 them a bit longer because they're spinal column stretches, which means they can hold more person
 them to get birth. So they end up being able to get birth to 30, and they get pregnant every few months.
 They're insane. Yeah, the most insane, I can't believe it. It's like it was 12 years to cover naked
 mole rats. Every time I find the naked mole rat fights, I just think, oh, we've probably done them
 before. Yeah, I know. I was reading a study that they can make what it's called a soft chirp,
 and that chirp is different for different naked mole rat colonies, so it's kind of like an accent
 or a dialect. Oh, yeah. And if they hear one that they don't recognize, they'll sound the alarm.
 Like a shibbolath. Yeah. Like a password. Like a key. Yeah. Because if they hear something unknown,
 they're naked, they're defenseless. They need to be like, we need to find out what's happened here.
 Okay. I don't think they're always naked, right? So they're not going to be like,
 ah, I'm naked. I'm not. This is the worst time to attack me.
 Never attack a naked mole rat. Yeah. One thing is that they're extremely long-lived.
 Well, 20 times longer than comparable rodents. Scientists who study them found that they almost never
 die. They're just very rarely die of old age. So somehow they're apparently
 are over 40 years old. They'll be naked moorats that remember the John Major government very well.
 Doesn't that put it into context? That does. Yeah.
 Did you read about Gompert's law? What's that? Gompert's law is that your risk of death increases
 exponentially as you age. So for humans, once you're 30, it doubles every eight years,
 and they thought that applied to all mammals once you hit six months old. But it doesn't work for
 naked mole rats. So basically once they reach adulthood, they're just as likely to die at one as
 they are at 25. It's essentially random. So this is not dying of falling off a bridge or something.
 This is dying of illness or cancers or stuff like that, right? Yes, your body is stopping working,
 rather than accidents or anything. They call them a non-aging mammal. Yeah. They have
 got crazy teeth as well. Their bottom teeth move independently. They can use them like
 tropsticks as how it's been described. They're utter legends. A lot of their brain apparently
 is devoted to their teeth because it's one of the main ways they experience the world is through
 their teeth because their teeth are right out in front. They're digging a lot and that's why they
 close their lips. So do they feel with them? I don't know. I don't know if they can probably
 sense vibration through them. I think so. They're really good diggers. One quarter of their muscle mass
 is in their jaws to close their jaws while they're digging. They can run backwards as fast as they can
 run forwards. They're very, very slowly. Is it slowly? I think they can, I think they can
 whizz around their tunnels. But they live in these huge colonies like the area of a football
 pitch, let's say, but with thousands of meters of tunnel underneath. Just imagine looking down
 on a football pitch from underneath and seeing these sausages firing themselves around through
 the soil in all these zigzag patterns. That and then watching a football match for you, I'm
 sure. One of the things they do, by the way, when they're running backwards, and I guess forwards
 as well, is they use their hair. So we call them naked mole rats, but they do have hair. And they're
 kind of like whiskers. They're very, they're very soft, very thin, but they're kind of like how cats
 use their whiskers as sensory items. So as they're running through the tunnel, they have tail hair
 and they have body hair. There's a allow for them to sense where they're going. Can we talk a
 bit about them and air? So Anne briefly mentioned that they don't really need air in the same way that we
 do. By oxygen. They're crazy. Yeah, they can, because they're tunneling underground all the time,
 they can go for ages and ages in a tunnel, which is let's say 5% oxygen. Well, normal air is, what
 is it? 21% oxygen. Above ground air. Classic air. It's 21% oxygen. Original, full fat air.
 But they can live underground in these tunnels, which have very low oxygen content and they're fine.
 They've been experimented on it. They can live for 18 minutes with no oxygen, which will kill any
 human. They've been blended about that. You get, you do get those people who can hold their breath
 for about 20 minutes. Yeah. Watch your end. We did an episode, and I think we said that well,
 Dracoff, I hope your breath was like 23 minutes or something. Okay, you're right. You guys are
 right, but I would just say, if unless you've done a lot of training, 18 minutes with oxygen,
 it's going to be bad for you. Absolutely. But related to that as well, did you read that when
 they sleep, they like to sort of sleep altogether in a big pile of all 300 of them, and they think
 that because they're all breathing out, they basically kind of like blanket themselves in carbon
 dioxide, which has the effect of reducing seizures. And the paper I read said very clearly,
 this is only for naked moirats. No one else is to try this as a treatment, but it's some reason
 that they think it sort of like slows down their brains and it sort of protects them. And even if you
 give them a big space, they will clump together. And they described as it's like building a luxury
 resort and having all of your guests choose to sleep in the same room closet. Yeah, naked as well.
 I've got a few whiskers. I'm really naked. You were talking about the oxygen and how they survive
 with little oxygen. So I don't really quite understand this, but the way it works is our bodies
 use glucose as energy. And that glucose system in your body requires oxygen to work. But when they
 have no oxygen, they switch to fructose-based system. I don't really understand this, but apparently
 fructose doesn't require oxygen. So you can still get the energy going around your system, but you
 don't need the oxygen as well. And that's how plants work. That's how plants get energy around them,
 but no other mammal has ever been found that uses the system. The plant system. They are very cool.
 It's in the missing link. It's the in the fossil record between plant and human. And they're
 underground. So like maybe there's like hanging out with the plants all day. They're tubers.
 And they eat tubers. That's the what do they eat? They eat these huge tubers that grow underground.
 We're talking about like potatoes. No, we're talking about the musical. This bit of East Africa
 that has a load of brass underground. The tubers are massive. There may be a thousand times the
 weight of an individual NMR. And one tuber, they'll eat the inside, but they'll leave the outside
 intact. And that will mean it keeps regenerating. So effectively, they are farming. What?
 Just wait a minute. So if I get a potato and I just cut out the middle to make my chips,
 is it going to grow back? For you to still be connected? I think it has to still, I don't know.
 I don't. It must be. It must be. I want to know. That's a bit true though that if you don't
 eat the full pineapple and you leave it in a tree, it'll just grow back. I think we've got
 beyond that. Is that a tree I had? Yeah. I mean these are just these things are going to
 inherit the earth. That's wild. Can I ask? I know you said you didn't understand it, but the idea of
 them doing a thing that only plants do. Is that one of the most interesting biological things
 that we've ever noticed? Like, is this the great mystery of? I don't know. I didn't get a massively
 good response in this room. Oh, you kidding? It's insane. It's insane that they have this. Everything
 they do is. It's insane. They have two operating systems, one for backup, which no one else has.
 There are other naked mole rats, I think. What is it? The damar or a land mole rats. There are a few
 others, but yeah, they're very weird. The damar or land ones are quite interesting because they have
 basically two different types of that mole rat. Half of them are really, really hardworking and
 industrious and the other half are fat and they don't really do any work. But those are the ones that
 do the mating, apparently. The busy ones do 95% of the work, but the lazy ones do almost all of the
 reproduction. Do they? That's so unfair. I know that's life, isn't it? I've got to say, it's exactly what
 happens in naked mole rat holdings. How do you have time to make this show when you have so many
 businesses on the fly? Every one of them is making a massive loss. We should say who first described
 them scientifically. It's quite interesting. There's a German scientist who was called Edward Ruppel
 and he traveled around a lot, sending samples and animals and specimens back to Frankfurt,
 which is where he was based. Various things, named after him. There's Ruppels, Busted, Ruppels,
 Griffin, Vulture, Ruppels, Rass, the fish. Anyway, when he found the naked mole rat, he thought this is so
 hideous. This must be a diseased or a mutated individual from another species. The main thing cannot
 look like this. Ironically, it doesn't really get diseases. No, you're so right. Yeah, yeah. God,
 is that what we're going to look like if we're truly healthy? That's true actually. If you get all
 these squillian-ass who are like trying to make themselves live forever, they all do end up looking a bit
 like a naked mole rat. Okay, that's it. That is all of our facts. Thank you so much for listening. If
 you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over the course of
 this podcast, we can all be found online. I'm on @Streiberland on Instagram, James. I my hedge funds
 can all be found on LinkedIn, come and join me on there. James Harkens, my name. Andy, my Instagram's
 Andrew Hunter M. Yep, and Anne. My Instagram is @AnMillerBooks. Yeah, and don't forget, it says books
 at the end of her handle because she has just released her kids book, which is called Monster Diaries.
 It's a retelling the Greek myths from the Monsters point of view. This one's the Cyclops. Yeah,
 so it's called Monster Diaries, the Cyclops and the worst party ever. It's part of a trilogy,
 so there's two more coming out. So get it now. It's going to be out very soon. And if you want to get
 through to us, by the way, podcast@QI.com. We get all your emails there. Andy goes through them. If
 you're going to send us an interesting fact, that might make its way to our bonus episode that comes
 out every Monday called Little Fish. If you want to send us an interesting experience of something
 that's related to something we said in an episode, Andy might pick that out for drop us a line,
 which is our mail bag episode. Now, that's a secret show. You can only listen to that show if you
 join Club Fish. That's a Patreon thing. So check out patreon.com/clubfish. There's so many fun
 things going on there. It's turned into a real amazing community. So go see if you want to join that.
 And otherwise, why not just come back here next week because we're going to be back again with another
 episode. And we will see you then. Goodbye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
