 (upbeat music)
 Hi everyone, before we start this week's episode
 of No Such Things as Fish,
 I just wanted to quickly remind you
 about our super special members area known by us
 and everyone who sees the name as Club Fish.
 It's a wonderful place where you get loads
 of bonus content, you get all the episodes
 without any adverts.
 You'll be the first to hear about any live shows
 we're gonna do and we have a thing called a Discord.
 Now for the uninitiated, such as myself,
 a Discord is a place where you can go
 and chat all things fish with like-minded fish fans.
 It's a really cool place to be,
 loads of fellow listeners on there
 and you might even see the odd member
 of No Such Things as Fish popping up from time to time.
 And when I say the odd member, I mean Dan, of course.
 Like I always mean when I say the odd member.
 (laughs)
 Actually, while I'm here, I might as well remind you
 that Dan has a book out.
 It's called The Theory of Everything Else.
 It's absolutely amazing.
 It's basically all of Dan's brain printed in a book
 and what could be more enticing than that.
 Let's be honest.
 So go out and buy that and join Club Fish if you'd like
 and the place to join Club Fish
 is NoSuchThingAsAFish.com
 and all the information about how to subscribe to Club Fish
 through Apple Podcasts or Patreon is there.
 Okay, on with the podcast.
 (upbeat music)
 (phone ringing)
 (speaking in foreign language)
 - Hello and welcome to another episode
 of No Such Thing As A Fish, a weekly podcast.
 This week coming to you live from Cardiff.
 (audience cheering)
 My name is Dan Schreiber.
 I am sitting here with Anna Tyshinski and Drew Hunter Murray
 and James Harkin.
 And once again, we have gathered round the microphones
 with our four favorite facts from the last seven days.
 And in a particular order, here we go.
 Starting with fact number one, and that is Anna.
 - My fact this week is that croissant shaped croissants
 taste worse than non-croissant shaped croissants.
 (audience laughing)
 - Croissant?
 - That's a pretty hard sentence to say.
 - It feels more like a complaint to waitros than a fact.
 (audience laughing)
 - It's actually, it's more of a complaint
 to the country of France.
 (audience laughing)
 - When you say croissant shaped croissant,
 you mean like a crescent shaped croissant.
 - Exactly.
 - You're classic croissant.
 - A classic croissant.
 - Well, it's not actually a classic,
 but it is, the name obviously croissant comes from the fact
 that it is, you know, in the old school sense,
 crescent shaped, curved, but.
 - Why is it not classic?
 - Well, just because today, so many of them are straight,
 and I couldn't believe.
 - You can't redesign the classic, that's the classic.
 That's what that word means.
 - They've updated the classic.
 It's a modern classic.
 - Modern classic, yeah.
 - The modern classic is a straight croissant,
 and they taste nicer.
 Facts.
 (audience laughing)
 - Surely they're just a different shape,
 so how can they taste different?
 - Ah, so glad you asked.
 - Almost like I know the answer.
 - You'll probably know this if you are French,
 or if you work in a pâtisserie,
 but basically, you know, if like straight croissants,
 so they're fat in the middle and thin on the outsides,
 but they go in a straight line,
 they are all butter croissants, okay?
 But curved ones, in that little C crescent shaped,
 croissant shape, they can actually just be made
 with oil or margarine, which as everyone knows,
 tastes inferior.
 - But interestingly, a lot of French people
 prefer the margarine one,
 'cause apparently it dunks better in coffee.
 - Yeah, there are claims about this.
 I feel like that's people trying to be contrary,
 'cause let's face it, all butter croissants,
 they're more expensive, they're more luxurious.
 In France, you know, the adults would get
 the straight croissants, and they'd give their kids
 the shitty, cheaper, curved croissants,
 'cause they're made with margarine, I read that somewhere,
 and I think this is mad.
 There are some claims that it's actually by law
 that margarine croissants are not allowed to be straight,
 but I can't find that law anywhere,
 but it certainly is practice across France.
 - Somewhere in the French parliament,
 they will have a croissant division
 who are looking into croissant-related legislation.
 - But it's not the butter that turns the croissant
 into a crescent.
 - Right, the butter doesn't do anything.
 There's nothing that's happening chemically here.
 It's just in practice.
 Just the rule is, if you work in a boulangerie,
 if it's all butter croissants, it's straight.
 And if you want to make an all butter croissant curved,
 you can, but if you want to make a margarine croissant
 straight, you're going to prison.
 (laughing)
 - But fortunately, in French prison,
 the wine selection is very good,
 and you'll actually have a nice time.
 So there was a coup in 2016, and this is in the UK,
 a croissant-related coup, which is Tesco replaced
 all of its curved croissants with straight croissants,
 and they did it, as in they just announced it,
 and they said right from tomorrow,
 they gave people no notice or warning.
 (laughing)
 - 'Cause you might've gone in and just bought
 the entire stock, right, New?
 - Well, you can't stock up, can you,
 'cause you have to buy them fresh every day.
 So they knew that their customers
 would be snooker the next day, but they just said,
 they claimed, okay, they made this claim,
 which I think is bizarre, they claimed it was due
 to the spreadability factor that they were,
 they were actually making life easier for their customers.
 They said, if you cut open a straight croissant,
 it's very easy to put in your jam or whatever.
 Obviously, if you cut open a curved croissant,
 it's a nightmare, and it takes hours, blah, blah, blah.
 - I, do you know, people took the piss at the time,
 and it was the boss of Tesco, Harry Jones, who said this,
 but I genuinely agree with him.
 He said, when the croissants curved,
 people can take up to three attempts
 to achieve perfect coverage, which increases,
 increases the potential for accidents
 involving sticky fingers and tables.
 But honestly, it is harder to spread a curved croissant.
 - So I wanna, I want to, and I can't,
 because he's not here, and I don't know him,
 pick him up on that sentence.
 Sticky fingers causes accidents and other problems.
 What the fuck is he talking about?
 (laughing)
 - What on earth is that sentence?
 And he said 75% of people who were surveyed
 wanted the straighter croissant because of,
 as Andy says, the spreadability factor.
 - Am I the only one who doesn't cut open a croissant
 and spread jam in it?
 - No, I don't.
 - I just find that so weird, and the other interesting
 thing about croissants is, in that kind of respect,
 is, you know the idea that, especially when you go to France,
 you see them, and they're cut in half,
 and they put like ham and cheese and stuff in the middle.
 - Oh, that's here as well, yeah.
 - But that was only invented in the 1970s.
 - Wow.
 - You know that?
 So the French, they decided to do this
 because they were worried that American hamburgers
 were coming over to France, and they thought,
 what can we do to stop--
 (laughing)
 Holy, the march of the hamburger, I know what we can do.
 We can put ham and cheese inside our croissants.
 - That's the French hamburger, I didn't know that.
 - There were these places called croissanteries
 across France, and they were created in the 1970s
 as a big government, like, status intervention
 in the market to deal with the scourge
 of what they call le fast food.
 - Yeah, yeah.
 - I just can't imagine ever anyone's like,
 oh, it's 1 a.m., God, it's McDonald's open.
 No, but the croissanteries are fantastic.
 - I stayed in a four-star all-inclusive recently.
 - Woo!
 - Bloody hell, Dan.
 - Yeah, and it was really interesting.
 They had this bit of new technology I've seen nowhere before,
 which is, during the breakfast buffet, they had croissants,
 and you would select your croissant,
 of which there was almond, and just classic plain,
 and chocolate, you get a plain one,
 and then they had all these pipes coming out,
 kind of like if you were pouring a pint, right?
 There was like seven of these pint-pulling things,
 and what they did is they take your croissant over,
 and one dispenses chocolate, one does jam, and so on,
 and what they do is they shove the croissant into the pipe,
 and then they pump it full of chocolate, or jam, or whatever.
 Oh my good, it was like seeing the future.
 I couldn't believe it.
 They came back, and I was like, in Italy,
 they've got the future in the four-star-inclusives,
 it's amazing.
 I was really thinking when he launched on this story,
 I think I know more about breakfast buffet technology
 than Dan does, and I didn't.
 I'm stunned.
 You need to know where that is now, don't you, Andy,
 'cause you are a bit of an expert on breakfast buffets.
 The last all-inclusive I went to on the breakfast buffet,
 they had Haribo's, and I must admit,
 I did not eat a single croissant that week.
 The French, of course, should actually put Haribo
 on their croissants.
 One thing about croissants that's really interesting
 is that they're quite new, right?
 So the oldest recipe, as far as I could find,
 which is of a traditional classic,
 or even modern classic, croissant, is from 1906.
 And so that means that Napoleon didn't eat croissants,
 Bolzac, Victor Hugo, Georges Sainte,
 they never ate a croissant in their life.
 Wow.
 Maybe that's why they were so productive.
 Maybe the croissants led to the downfall of France.
 Did you guys hear about Operation Croissant?
 No.
 Operation Croissant was something
 that was launched in 2016.
 It was an Anglo-French operation.
 It was the day before the Brexit vote,
 and a campaign group tried to campaign on Brexit
 with Operation Croissant, which was giving out croissants
 accompanied by pro-EU messages written by people in France
 on postcards saying, please, you know, don't leave.
 And the croissants get this,
 they had been baked that morning, the 22nd of June,
 and they come to London on the first Euro star of the day,
 and there were 600 croissants, which would be on there.
 That's a lot of effort for something
 that ended up being completely fucking useless, isn't it?
 It's very romantic, though, and very French,
 and they had 600 croissants ready to give out,
 and then the police interceded.
 The police stopped them and said it's illegal
 to use food, drink, or entertainment to influence a vote.
 Oh, it is, yeah.
 And so they were all imprisoned, actually,
 for, there's some of them are still in.
 No, they issued a statement saying,
 we are happy to fall on our baguettes
 and stick to the right side of British law.
 Have you guys heard this is an America of the Cronut?
 Yeah. Yeah.
 Am I the only one who hasn't heard of the Cronut?
 I think it might be.
 Oh, okay.
 Have you guys heard of the Croffin?
 It's Croffin.
 Okay. No.
 Do you know, I reckon, between us, even if we haven't,
 I reckon we can put it together.
 Go on then.
 It's a Cronut full of stuffing, isn't it?
 Yeah. Yeah.
 It's a Christmas, it's a Christmas crustal,
 full of stuff, yeah.
 So anyway, you guys must have facts.
 No, no, this is...
 Hey, Dan, have you heard of the Cromosa?
 Cromosa.
 Someone gasped then, as if this is the greatest thing
 they've ever heard.
 Basically, a croissant with Samosa filling and then deep-fried.
 Oh, lovely. Yeah.
 Have you heard of, if we're doing this, which I think we are,
 a Kregel?
 A Kregel. Okay.
 Yep. Yep.
 That's a croissant and a bagel?
 Anyone like to take the next one?
 Oh, have you heard of one? I'll go for one.
 A townie.
 A townie. It's not very politically correct, James.
 There are no croissants involved.
 What is it?
 It's a half tart, half brownie.
 Oh!
 And finally, one more, a doughnut.
 You know what that is?
 A pug, a pug and a doughnut.
 A pug that's been turned into a doughnut.
 Yes!
 It's not so far off.
 It's a doughnut crossed with a chicken nugget.
 Ah!
 Which is basically just a doughnut-shaped chicken nugget.
 Wow.
 It still tastes the same.
 The cronut, an interesting thing about the cronut,
 is that this was made in 2013, and it was in America.
 And it was a bakery guy who wanted to do a doughnut
 meets the croissant, and it took off massively straight away.
 So he released it on one day.
 The next day, there was a queue of 100 people
 trying to get access to the cronut.
 And the market value, the black market value
 of the cronut immediately was massive.
 So you would buy it for something like $2 or $3, $4 or $5, right?
 It was selling for like $100.
 There were people in alleyways.
 Yeah, it was such hot property.
 In alleyways.
 In alleyways in New York.
 You wouldn't buy a pastry in an alleyway.
 You would if it was a cronut.
 Because cronuts were, they were so popular.
 And so, it was a guy called Dominique Ansel,
 who was the creator of the cronut,
 and it was so popular that he trademarked it.
 So he owns it. No one else can make a cronut.
 They can. They just don't call it a cronut.
 Well, no, there's the doissant, which you can get.
 But you can't get the original.
 And so, yeah, but there was a huge black market value for it.
 God, people are stupid, aren't they?
 We should say, just because otherwise people
 are going to write in that, and I never thought I'd say this,
 James turns out to be the most sophisticated of the four of us
 in this one metric, because in France,
 they never put filling into their croissants.
 Which I didn't actually realise.
 But all Frenchers seem to concur on this.
 They say that they've literally never in their whole life
 met someone from France who puts jam or butter even worse
 on their croissants.
 Because it's got all the butter in it already.
 But it's only half butter.
 But people, it doesn't taste the same as when you melt
 the new layer of butter into it.
 I've got no patience with people who say
 there's enough butter in croissants already.
 You can never have enough butter.
 Do you know the Concorde du Mayor croissant de Grand Paris?
 This is the French croissant championships.
 Did you go for a French shirt?
 Sorry, I didn't mean to.
 I didn't mean to.
 But it's the most French thing you can imagine.
 So it's the greater Paris best class on competition, basically.
 And there was a brilliant National Geographic piece about it.
 The judge's comments are just so French.
 So listen to this one.
 "It's executed to perfection.
 "If Marie Antoinette had offered these to the French people,
 "there probably wouldn't have been a revolution."
 He also says at the beginning,
 "It's executed to perfection."
 Which...
 LAUGHTER
 It is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 OK, my fact this week is that Manchester City women's football
 team has a menstrual cycle coach.
 No.
 Is that a cycling coach who is also menstrual?
 LAUGHTER
 Or is it...?
 No, it's a coach to get the best out of their players
 when they're on their periods.
 Or in fact, for all different parts of the month.
 So this was an article I read in The Economist,
 and they were talking about this in general,
 and then I found out that Man City have this.
 But basically, I mean, it really makes sense, right?
 So if you're an elite sports person,
 you're really always aiming for that extra, like, 1%
 that'll just make you better than anyone else.
 And a load of studies have been done,
 and more and more are being done,
 that show that women's performance fluctuates
 at different times of the month due to their cycle.
 And so it really makes sense that you have someone on your team
 who can get the most out of your players by working that out.
 Oh, so it's not like you'll be hauled off halfway through a match
 because the cycle coach has looked at their watch and said,
 "No, she's on. Get her off."
 I should hope not. No, OK.
 I'm really hope that doesn't happen.
 I don't think it works like that, either, OK.
 LAUGHTER
 I've seen those adverts just roller-skated along.
 LAUGHTER
 But this is the other thing that's really important,
 is that women footballers are way, way more likely
 to get certain injuries than male footballers, right?
 So there's a thing called the anterior cruciate ligament,
 and, like, football fans will know that this is something
 that plagues, like, male footballers,
 but it's really, really bad for women.
 And apparently women are eight times more likely
 to get an ACL injury than men.
 And a lot of people think that it's related to the menstrual cycle.
 So Arsenal midfielder Jordan Knobbs,
 she missed out of the 2019 World Cup because of her ACL,
 and she reckons it was because of the time of the month she was on,
 and that made her weaker.
 Yeah, apparently, basically, your menstrual cycle is split,
 not yours, but half of our menstrual cycles
 are split into essentially two phases,
 the follicular and the luteal phase.
 And in the late follicular phase,
 which I believe is week two, so you've had your period,
 and then it's kind of the week after that,
 that's when estrogen concentration is highest,
 and that's when you're just going to get injured,
 your bones are going to snap, your ligaments are going to break.
 You should basically stay in a padded room for a week,
 it turns out.
 Well, the thing is that estrogen is anabolic,
 so you'll know anabolic steroids that people take to build muscles,
 so estrogen helps muscle to build,
 so that's one difference that happens.
 But really what you do is you make sure that your diet
 is different at different times of the month.
 You can change your training so you can work harder
 at one time of the month and less harder at another time of the month,
 that's what they're kind of doing in city.
 I was also looking at other bits of sport science in women's football.
 I didn't realise the England women's team,
 they have personalised bra prescriptions.
 - Did they? - Yeah, they did this year.
 They got in a breast biomechanics expert or two
 to provide very, very personalised bras
 - to ensure that they got the right, literally, the support they needed. - Really?
 Do you have to go into a chemist and they say,
 "We'll just make that up for you every 10 minutes?"
 You've got a seamstress in the back.
 The Guardian covered it and they said, "If those cups could talk..."
 - Slightly creepy way of putting it. - LAUGHTER
 "They might claim a share of the lioness's victory for themselves."
 - Right. - But it genuinely makes a massive difference.
 And supposedly, if you run in a poorly-supportive bra,
 it can shorten a woman's stride by four centimetres.
 And that, and I'm going to need some help with this statistic,
 can add up to an extra mile over the length of a marathon.
 Now, that's what I read. I don't understand how...
 Does that mean when you get to everyone else's run 26 miles
 and you still have to do another mile?
 Well, that's what I don't understand.
 I think it means that you have to do more strides to do the marathon.
 - I see. - But I... Yeah.
 I don't think it means that you get to finish early.
 I like, with the lionesses, there's so many...
 Like, superstition is a big thing within footballers,
 where they have to follow certain routines.
 We see it in sports where, like, Serena Williams
 will wear the same pair of socks throughout a competition.
 If she plays Wimbledon, she'll wear the same pair of socks,
 just so it makes it sort of feel like she'll win, that sort of thing.
 With the lionesses, there's one player who always needs to have beans on toast.
 That's her thing. She thinks, "That's going to help me."
 - Okay. - It's just routine, and it's what they do.
 And then another thing was, there was one match
 where a few of them had a ponytail that was done by one of the players,
 and they had a great game.
 They started believing that this ponytail was part of the sort of...
 Who the hell needs someone else to do their ponytails?
 I've seen the ponytails of the England women's team.
 They're pretty basic ponytails.
 When the Euros were on earlier this year,
 the Guardian newspaper had biographies of all 368 players.
 - Okay. - So I read all of those.
 - Nice. - And I'll be honest,
 there wasn't that much in there.
 So Lena McGull, who plays for Germany, this is her fun fact.
 She was born exactly 225 days to the day after Napoleon Bonaparte.
 225 days?
 - Yes. - Yes.
 - She's very fit for her age. - She's very, very old.
 - Wow. - She will only have got croissants since the 1970s.
 She was 200 years older. She's like, "What is this?"
 Marie-Leon, let's see if I can get this one right. She's Spanish.
 She has lots of tattoos, but they're only on her left arm.
 Can you work out why they're only on her left arm?
 She right-handed, but she's a tattoo artist.
 - Correct. - Oh, wow!
 That's really good. And another one, Viviane May Diemer,
 who's from the Netherlands.
 She always got upset because people called her the goat.
 - So goat means greatest of all time. - Yeah.
 But she didn't know that's what it meant.
 And she just said, "A goat is not the best animal to be."
 Why are they calling me a goat?
 - That's so good. - I love that.
 So we mentioned ages and ages ago, there was a band, the English FA,
 they banned women's football in about 1920, didn't they?
 - 21, I think, yes. - They banned women from playing on their pictures,
 which effectively banned it.
 So it sort of shut down the game.
 But this happened all over Europe.
 So the French game was their football federation.
 They banned it in 1933.
 West Germany, 1955.
 Spain, 1930, to '75, it was banned.
 Or it was banned in the '20s and '30s,
 and then all the bans were lifted in about the very late '60s or early '70s.
 - Yeah. - Yeah. It's just very peculiar.
 Yeah, it is very weird.
 Although some sort of underground matches did happen,
 socially underground, not literally underground,
 in the interim.
 And I think there was...
 It was the early 1970s, as you say,
 that it started to come back into the mainstream again.
 And there was the Unofficial Women's World Cup in Italy in 1970.
 And I think FIFA refused to play a part in that, but it did happen.
 And it was quite popular.
 And then there was a follow-up in Mexico in '71.
 And it was really popular.
 So I had no idea. The final, in 1971, had a crowd of 110,000,
 which I think is the biggest women's crowd ever.
 And there have been claims made about similar crowds recently,
 but I think that's bigger than all of them.
 - Yeah, that's right. - Amazing.
 Yeah, and it was great.
 It was sponsored by Martini.
 So I guess you got free shots of fortified wine
 given out to you, the classic football drink.
 And to make it...
 Weirdly, to make it appeal more to the female audience, I guess,
 they painted the gold frames with pink and white
 and all the stadium stuff with pink outfits.
 No, there's an intake of breath,
 but I do think that pink gets a bad reputation
 because it's not an objectively bad colour.
 But, yeah.
 It feels like a bad colour for a football goal, though, right?
 A nice bright white is what you want.
 - That's probably the most contrast, isn't it? - Yeah.
 Better than painting it green.
 I read about what I think might be the earliest example
 of a woman playing football.
 It was this woman who was born just after Napalm.
 No, it wasn't.
 It was in 1773 in Yorkshire,
 and it was a match between the married gentlemen
 of the town of Walton and the bachelors of the town of Walton.
 And it said in the report, it said,
 "The game had many falls and broken shins on each side,
 "and at one stage, the wife of one of the married men
 "went to help him after he was injured.
 "She then went after the ball
 "and secured victory for her husband's team."
 Oh.
 It doesn't count, though, really, it's an illegal move, isn't it?
 - Kind of a random play, I don't know. - I'm stumbling from the ground.
 Women's football basically has, just until recently,
 had just terrible, even internally from the football community,
 particularly the officials, just terrible times.
 1991, FIFA didn't want to name the women's World Cup the World Cup.
 So instead, they got a sponsor, so it was the M&M's Cup.
 They could have named it after Mars bars and called it the Mars Cups.
 - You have the World Cup and the Mars Cup. - Oh, yeah!
 - And then they could have done an intergalactic match against each other. - Exactly.
 - Yeah, Solar Cup. - And those games, they made the games 10 minutes shorter.
 - Yeah. - Just in case the women collapsed
 when playing for the full 90 minutes.
 - Yeah, yeah. - That seems to be the reasoning.
 - That was 1991, right? - Yeah, yeah.
 And when West Germany listed its ban in 1970,
 the games were only 70 minutes long,
 and they were only allowed to be played in warm weather.
 - It's crazy. - Basically, just in case Cold Weather
 - killed the players. - Yeah, that seems to be the panic that there was.
 And Seth Blatter, who is the president of FIFA, right?
 He was asked about women's football, this was a while ago,
 - and he suggested that... - He was a very progressive man,
 so I'm looking forward to an extremely liberal and thoughtful comment here.
 I hope we're not going to tarnish the good name of Seth Blatter in this room.
 Really not!
 He said that he suggested to get more people watching women's football
 that female players should wear tighter shorts
 to promote a more female aesthetic.
 He said they could, for example, have tighter shorts.
 Female players are pretty, if you excuse me, for saying so.
 And they already have some different rules to men,
 such as playing with a lighter ball.
 They don't play with a lighter ball.
 You did used to be there, you used to be playing with kids' balls.
 In Japan, when they started playing women's football in the 80s,
 they played with a children's ball, I think,
 and the halves lasted 25 minutes,
 and handballs were permissible if it was players protecting their own breasts,
 which I actually think is a fine rule.
 I'm going to need to move us on in a second.
 I was looking at world records for Keepey Uppies.
 Oh, yeah.
 Because in 2003, there was a woman called Milen Dominguez,
 who's quite a famous-age footballer.
 She's the ex-wife of Ronaldo, not the Ronaldo that you would know, Andy,
 but the Ronaldo that football fans would know.
 Oh, it's so nice that you presume I know any of the Ronaldo's.
 I'm really, like, I'm quite proud of it.
 Anyway, she was 17 at the time, and she did 55,187 Keepey Uppies,
 which was a world record.
 Now, according to the Guinness Book of Records,
 the current world record was made in 2009.
 It was by a British guy called Dan Magnus,
 and he did 24 hours of Keepey Uppies in Covent Garden.
 He did over 200,000 touches.
 What?
 But he was allowed a few breaks to kind of stretch his legs
 and stretch his muscles and stuff,
 whereas Milen Dominguez didn't have any breaks.
 And whenever she needed to do anything,
 whenever she needed to eat, drink or go to the toilet,
 she did it by balancing the ball on the back of her neck
 and then backing up and sitting down and doing it.
 So I reckon she should still have the record.
 Oh, my God.
 That's amazing.
 I think I will just have a main, actually.
 I'm going to skip the starter.
 Thank you very much.
 Wow.
 And then there was a 12-year-old called Imogen Papwerth Heidel,
 who last year did 7.1 million Keepey Uppies.
 Sorry?
 But she had a lot of them donated by other people.
 So the idea was that she was going to do one for every key worker
 in the UK after, you know, COVID stuff.
 And she, in fairness, she did, like, over a million
 over a long period of time.
 But the rest were donated by Marcus Rashford, Lucy Bronze,
 and Spandau Balleig star, Martin Kemp.
 Oh, cool.
 Go, Martin.
 It's been a joy patch since he left his standards, hasn't it?
 It is time for fact number three, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that two of the leading archaeologists
 to dig up King Richard III's bones
 were called King and Richard.
 (LAUGHTER)
 So, a slight correction of my fact.
 One was an archaeologist, another was a geneticist,
 and this was two people called Richard Buckley,
 who's of the University of Leicester Archaeological Services,
 and Professor Turi King, who's the geneticist,
 who was the person who went and did all of the DNA testing
 to prove that Richard III was who he was.
 So can I just say, Dan, like, maybe about two months ago,
 you did another fact, which was that someone from the movie
 King Richard was called Richard King?
 Yeah, the editor of the movie.
 Are you just looking up Richard King's?
 (LAUGHTER)
 It's my new hobby.
 I'm just trying to find anyone called Richard or King.
 So the big story that I'm sure everyone remembers,
 episode one of No Such Thing as a Fish,
 in which we mentioned that the reason that King Richard III
 was found was because there was a screenwriter called
 Philippa Langley, who was doing some research
 for the script that she was going to write.
 She was walking through Leicester.
 She passed a car park, and she had a sudden feeling
 that Richard was there.
 And so she went away, and she told her friends,
 and she was like, "I just felt like he was there."
 And she kept telling this story, and eventually she thought,
 "I'm going to go back and check if he's there."
 She goes back a year later, she walks into the car park.
 This time, she sees something that wasn't there last time,
 which is a giant R, which is painted onto the ground,
 which she thinks is like a helicopter sign,
 which just means Richard is here.
 And so she puts forward a plan to Richard Buckley,
 who I've just mentioned, saying,
 "I'd like to get a dig going here,"
 and she helped to raise the funds.
 Anyway, the story is that they found the King
 underneath the R, but recently,
 while I was trying to do some research on a photo,
 a friend of mine was in touch with Tourie King,
 Professor Tourie King, and she said,
 "Oh, you're not getting in touch about the R
 "underneath where he was found,"
 because he wasn't found underneath the R.
 So that's been a big story.
 So I thought, okay, because probably it's very annoying
 as an archaeologist or a geneticist
 that when you've used actual science to find
 remains of a body, that someone else is claiming
 that they use psychic intuition to find it.
 But then, she doesn't acknowledge the fact
 that there's huge synchronicity in the point
 that Richard and King, these two people,
 found the fucking body.
 Yeah, yeah.
 And there's a third incredible nomenclature link
 to this, Dan.
 So after the bones of Richard the Third were found,
 they were then reinterred.
 There was a big ceremony for the reburial
 of Richard the Third, and the man who made
 the lead-lined casket that the King was put in
 was called John Castleman.
 And what is a king, if not a man?
 Wow.
 Who lives in a castle.
 So true.
 And isn't that spooky?
 Haven't the hairs on the back of your neck gone up?
 Yeah.
 There's one interesting sort of spooky thing
 about Richard the Third,
 and that is that there's, I only learned this
 by doing this research this week,
 and that is that there's a theory
 that Leicester City won the Premier League
 with the help from Richard the Third's ghost.
 Oh, yes.
 And on the Leicester City website,
 they have a lot of evidence as to why this is the case.
 Really?
 So they won the league, but the season before,
 they were bottom of the league,
 and they, you know, it was about Christmas,
 and they'd lost, lost, lost, lost, lost.
 And then, they laid Richard the Third to rest,
 and nine days later, their next game
 was against West Ham,
 and they won that game with a last-minute goal
 by Andy King.
 No!
 Dun, dun, dun.
 This is ridiculous.
 And Richard was actually,
 he went from the bottom of the car park to the top,
 didn't he, when they dug him up?
 So it's awful.
 I feel like I've got to...
 I'll just tell you from the Leicester City website,
 that's all, that's amazing.
 I'm at a conspiracy theorist meeting,
 and it's freaking me out.
 I just want to mention something that I like
 about Cheery King that she discovered.
 So, as you say, she's a geneticist,
 so she was one who said,
 "Look, this is Richard the Third,"
 and the DNA match was made by comparing people
 who had descended from his mother's side of the family
 to his DNA, but she then thought,
 "Okay, let's just check out the other side of the family."
 And they...
 First of all, she and her team of geneticists,
 they got relations of Henry Somerset,
 who was descended from the same great-great-grandfather
 as Richard the Third, so they'd have to share DNA.
 They got people who were related to Henry Somerset,
 and it turned out they didn't match Richard the Third at all,
 which is very weird.
 It means there must have been a break somewhere
 in the line of succession,
 and so that's incredibly weird.
 Does that mean someone was cheating and stuff?
 It means that we suspect there's been some hanky-panky,
 and then there's also another guy today
 who's descended from Geoffrey Count of Anjou,
 who's basically the founder of the Plantagenet dynasty,
 and he's who it was named after,
 and that person's DNA doesn't match either of the other two's.
 So, basically, everyone in this dynasty
 was shacking around different centres, as far as I can tell.
 That's really cool. Richard the Third himself.
 He was born with a full set of teeth,
 and he was in the womb for two years.
 What? Come on. Wow!
 That can't be true.
 Well, these might be propaganda claims from the era.
 Yeah, in fact, there's Shakespearean propaganda claims.
 I think it's in the play that he was born with a full set of teeth.
 Are they pro or anti in propaganda terms?
 What is it? Does it sound like a compliment?
 What do you think?
 That's pretty cool.
 If you've bought a full set of teeth and you're in a mum's...
 Yeah, that's pretty cool.
 And heard his shoulders as well, he was born with.
 And it wasn't... I think Shakespeare took it from historians
 who immediately after Richard died were coming up with this slander.
 Or maybe it was true, we don't know.
 It's probably untrue, though.
 Can I just want to say one good thing about Richard the Third?
 Because he gets a bad rep for justifiably.
 He was probably a murderer of small boys.
 But on the bright side,
 he did introduce England's first legal aid system,
 which I didn't know.
 Yeah, so he instigated in his...
 What was a very short reign?
 He was only on the throne about two years, wasn't he?
 - Was he? - Yeah.
 Same time he was in the womb. That's insane.
 But yeah, he instigated this thing called the Court of Request.
 That meant that if you couldn't afford legal aid or legal representation,
 then you could get it. It would be provided by the state.
 It was very ahead of its time.
 - Yeah. - That's pretty cool.
 He founded a council of the North
 to ensure that the North got representation in government.
 - Great. - Yep.
 The only Northern king, really, that we've ever had.
 - A proper Northerner. - I got a really good fact,
 which I didn't look up, so it might be wrong.
 But it's so nice to set the expectations
 at the beginning of a damn thing.
 So the third word of the third scene,
 of the third act, of Richard the Third,
 is fourth.
 [LAUGHTER]
 I love that fact. That's so good.
 - If it's true. - If it's true.
 [LAUGHTER]
 Have you guys heard of Marmaduke Constable?
 That sounds great, though.
 We were just on, like, relatives of Richard the Third,
 and this is one of the really close descendants of Richard the Third,
 as in almost contemporary.
 In fact, he was contemporary.
 He was, yeah, his name was Marmaduke Bosworth.
 He fought at the Battle of Bosworth, where Richard was killed.
 He also, and that was the year 1485, just to say,
 he also fought against the Scots at the Battle of Northumberland.
 That was in 1513.
 He was aged 71 when he took actively part in that battle.
 He only died in 1518, aged about 75 years old,
 when he choked to death drinking a glass of water
 which had a frog in it.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So Richard the Third died, like you say, in the Battle of Bosworth.
 We've found, you know, we've checked the bones,
 and we reckon that he lost his helmet
 and came under a hail of 11 wounds at the same time,
 and that's what did him in.
 But traditionally, he's supposed to have been killed
 by a soldier called Ralph Rudyard.
 Ralph Rudyard's family went on to own a lake in Staffordshire
 called Rudyard Lake.
 Rudyard Lake, we've said before,
 is where Rudyard Kipling's name comes from.
 Right, so his parents went there and they really loved it,
 and they thought we'll name him after the lake.
 So Ralph Rudyard's family owned this Rudyard Lake,
 but they owned two lakes in the area,
 one on each side of a hill.
 Rudyard Lake and another one called Titty's Worth.
 [LAUGHTER]
 So that means that Rudyard Kipling
 could so easily have been called Titty's Worth Kipling.
 [LAUGHTER]
 That's really great.
 Can I quickly go back to Cherry King a second?
 Yeah, sure.
 I just want to say there's been an interesting thing
 that's been in the news recently.
 So there's actually a movie that's just been made.
 Steve Coogan has made a movie of the story
 of Philippa Langley finding Richard III,
 and in it, the sort of plot line is that
 she has this psychic intuition,
 and the scientists and archaeologists and geneticists in it
 are kind of portrayed in that classic way
 of being really rational and really unkind,
 and they're really pissed off because they weren't.
 And if you watch Cherry King, just in case you see that movie
 and you think, oh, scientists are bad, she's awesome.
 She's really cool.
 She's found incredible stuff as a geneticist.
 So she goes around doing DNA for all these finds.
 When she was trying to find out about Vikings,
 she found that many men just came in to give their DNA,
 because apparently most men think they're Viking.
 That's the thing.
 She was like, there was no trouble getting volunteers
 for people saying, are you Viking?
 Because people are coming and going, well, I definitely am.
 So let's prove this.
 Are we sure that a lot of men didn't do it because they thought,
 maybe they'll give me an iPad and some free porn for half an hour.
 And that's how I'm donating my DNA.
 Was that how you donate your DNA?
 I don't think so.
 I thought it was a cheek swab.
 I'm saying that's what they thought.
 OK.
 Well, thank God you clarified that.
 Otherwise, you would have been straight down there.
 Yeah, and if I'm giving you a call when I'm in jail,
 because I took my dick out during a...
 It was meant to be a cheek swab.
 Swab this cheek.
 LAUGHTER
 OK, it is time for our final fact of the show,
 and that is Andy.
 My fact is that to establish dominance,
 the sarcastic fringe-head fish
 will engage in kissing competitions with rival males.
 And here's the fish.
 So there's a picture of it on the screen here.
 The sarcastic fringe fish.
 The sarcastic fringe-head.
 They're really bizarre fish.
 Oh, I should give credit for this.
 This was actually sent in to us by @FlockOfWords online,
 so thank you so much.
 They're called Neoclinus Blanchardi.
 They live off North America on the Pacific side,
 and they're really ugly-looking.
 They're kind of tiny, little brown fish,
 and they live in holes, and they jump out,
 and they go, "Wah!" at their prey,
 like they're kind of these gross, awful fish.
 But the one amazing and beautiful thing about them,
 they have this enormous mouth,
 as in their mouth is wider than the entire body,
 because it's got these huge sort of supporting struts,
 and they've got big, flappy cheeks,
 and they can just sort of go, "Wah!"
 Sounds beautiful.
 It's a bit like just to give a visual to the audience.
 It's a bit like, even though it's part of their mouth,
 you remember in Jurassic Park when the dinosaur comes up
 and it suddenly looks, it's looking cute,
 and it spreads those frills.
 It's kind of like that, except that's its mouth, not its frills.
 It's really like that.
 And they have this weird, weird ritual
 where if they are near a rival male,
 and it's the mating season,
 they will both yawn open
 and kind of push their mouths against each other
 to see who's got the bigger mouth,
 and this is the intimidating thing.
 In my experience, that's not what kissing is.
 Maybe I'm doing it wrong,
 but it's not always like, "Let's see who has the biggest mouth."
 Well, I've got some apologies to make
 because I'm, like, undefeated champion.
 And the smaller male,
 or the male with the smaller mouth, rather,
 will surrender and leave.
 And they do, but they basically are sort of...
 But it does.
 Because they're both about the same size,
 it does look like they kind of make it out.
 So it's not proper, proper kissing.
 If one has a smaller head, sometimes the bigger mouth
 will be able to fit the smaller one's head inside its mouth.
 Oh, my God, really?
 Which is my memory of year nine discos.
 One thing I couldn't get to the bottom of is,
 so they do the mouth display,
 the sort of dominance thing.
 If they were to have a fight, then,
 off the back of that, like, let's now have a fight,
 what is the advantage of having a bigger mouth?
 Other than, obviously, they're a bit bigger,
 but does that mean that they're going to win in a fight?
 Not really. They actually almost never have an actual fight.
 Yeah.
 They will slightly, they might slightly bump into each other,
 but that's just not the way they do it,
 as in it's not in their repertoire.
 It's just like basically going at a year nine disco
 to another guy and then doing your muscles and saying,
 "Look, my muscles are bigger than you,
 but I really don't want to fight you."
 OK.
 You guys had crazy year nine discos, you and Anna.
 I can't believe you guys went to the year nine disco.
 I wasn't allowed to go, and I...
 Good news is, it sounds like I missed nothing at all.
 But they do, I mean, these jaws, they have quite sharp teeth,
 so they can kind of bite and hurt you,
 but they just tend not to do it to each other.
 Like, if you go near their house,
 they'll do this kind of sort of scary, big, open mouth thing,
 but then, if you don't go away, they'll actually go for you,
 and they are, you know, they do have a hefty bite on them.
 Yeah, they'll bite humans, won't they,
 when you say you, actually you, divers?
 And that's where sarcastic comes from, by the way,
 'cause we think, you know, does it have, like,
 some sort of, like, is it like the Anna Tyshinski of fish?
 But no, it's sarcastic means that it's a Greek word,
 sarcasmos, and to bite or tear...
 Oh, is that right?
 Yeah.
 Yeah, right.
 It does.
 It comes from, I think, Sarko, its flesh.
 So it's to...
 And so, sarcasmain or whatever, to bite flesh.
 And it's where we get sarcophagus,
 which I'd never thought about,
 but sarcophagus, Sarko is flesh,
 and then faggo, faggo, so it means eat, I eat.
 So it's flesh-eating.
 A sarcophagus is something that's eating your flesh.
 Ah.
 Gross.
 They have these kind of bright yellow lips, don't they?
 The people in here can see them just about, I think,
 but for the people at home,
 you kind of have really bright yellow lips,
 and then on the inside, it's kind of a little bit colourful,
 but not really.
 But in actual fact, those bits on the inside of the mouth
 reflect ultraviolet light.
 So to anyone under the sea that can see ultraviolet light,
 which is a lot and a lot of fish can see it,
 actually, that also looks like there's a massive sort of disco
 coming out of his mouth.
 Right.
 They are so cool.
 It does look...
 I think that it's very beautiful with its mouth open.
 It looks like...
 It really reminds me of having your face painted at a fair.
 It looks like a kid's gone mad with face paint on them.
 Their mouths are so big that it's possible they struggle to eat.
 And that sounds bizarre.
 Really?
 They're a particular kind of fish called a blenny.
 There's a huge, great family of fish.
 And they are tube blenny, which live in tubes.
 And most tube blenny feed on small plankton.
 But the male sarcastic fringe head,
 its mouth is so big that it can't suck anymore.
 So it seems to struggle a bit sometimes to eat plankton.
 It's sort of filtered in because it's just got this huge grip.
 Yes.
 It's like when your...
 If your toilet's clogged and you need to use a plunger,
 but sometimes the plunger head is too big to get suction on the actual whole bit.
 And so it's a pointless suction plan.
 I don't think anyone was actually struggling to grip the original point.
 But thank you so much.
 Glad to help.
 But now all you've done is connected our minds,
 opening our mouths with a blocked toilet.
 And we've all gone to the same place.
 Blenny's not...
 Yeah, they're a huge family, aren't they?
 There are so many cool fish in the blenny family.
 But one of the things they have is they have the only fish that suckles its young.
 So the only thing on our show that suckles like we do, yeah, the Viviparis eel pout.
 So Viviparis being, you know, they give birth to live young, hence that name.
 But when they're pregnant and they have six-month-long pregnancies, which is pretty...
 Oh, it's a quarter the length of Richard the Third.
 Yeah, absolutely, yeah.
 Is that long for a fish?
 It's long, yeah, yeah.
 It's good for a fish.
 Usually the bigger the animal, the longer the gestation period.
 OK, and these are like 30 centimetres, right?
 Yeah, yeah, they're long.
 But the way they suckle is inside, they sort of live in the ovaries.
 They don't have a separate uterus.
 And they've got ovarian follicles.
 And each little fish embryo suckles on a follicle, one inside the fish.
 And there are up to 400 of them.
 So imagine it's like you've got 400 breasts and a baby on every one in there.
 Wow!
 That's amazing.
 A massive mouth, yeah.
 Yeah.
 There was a website called World Wide Words, I don't know if you guys have seen it.
 It's online, it's a really, really good website.
 They've collected a list of animals with names that are suggestive of emotion,
 of which the sarcastic fringe head is one of them.
 So there's a few here, the festive midget.
 That's the species of moth that's found in North America.
 The confused flower beetle.
 That's confused because it looks a bit like another kind of beetle,
 not just walking around, not knowing what's going on.
 And the depressed mussel.
 Wow!
 They call that because they have a flat shell.
 All mussels seem kind of depressed to me.
 I mostly see them actually on a plate, so that doesn't make sense.
 Have you heard of the tetra fish?
 I'm just going on general fish mating and aggression displays now.
 Tetra fish is unbelievable.
 Sailfin tetras.
 So there are dominant males, and there are also smaller, more feeble males.
 Both of them are competing for the attention of females.
 The dominant ones, you would think, they're very active.
 In fact, they do nothing.
 They hide in some sort of kelp.
 Kelp, thank you.
 They just hide.
 So the low-ranking males have the run of the place, right?
 And they do all these mating displays.
 And they're trying to persuade the female that they're a good prospect
 and they're good to have sex with.
 And they do days and days of work persuading the female to have sex, right?
 And when they have finally got the female to agree,
 and they're going off to the mating zone,
 a more dominant male will just emerge from the kelp
 and say, "Thank you very much. I'll take it from here."
 And the female just goes off with him every time.
 She's like, "Right, I'm now in the mood, and here's an even better offer."
 That was my urinine disco.
 And this is a thing called courtship piracy.
 And the dominant males are just finding good hiding places
 right near the mating zone, and then just popping out of the last minute.
 Why do they keep doing it, the little nerd ones?
 They just accept it. It's so weird.
 They never fight.
 Well, maybe occasionally they get lucky.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, they must hope that somewhere in the kelp there's no...
 It must just be like kind of looking in all the kelp and stuff.
 There's definitely none there.
 Exactly, yeah.
 Female brown trouts, they fake orgasms.
 Oh, yeah.
 So it's kind of a similar thing.
 So what will happen is, if a male and a female trouter are having sex,
 by which I mean one laying eggs and the other one spawning over it,
 then another male or other males might come in the area.
 They might kind of turn up and say, "I want a bit of that."
 Would you say, "Come in the area?" Do you mean they might?
 We might get to that.
 So what they'll often do is the female brown trout will kind of meet up with a male,
 who she's kind of not sure about, she's kind of fancies but not sure,
 and then they'll do this sort of shuddering thing.
 They'll both shudder, and usually when they both shudder,
 the females release the eggs and the males release the sperm.
 But actually, often the females will kind of hold onto their eggs while they're doing that,
 because they know that other males in the area will turn up,
 and then the other males will fight with the guy she was supposedly shagging,
 and then they will all fight, and then hopefully she'll end up with an even better male,
 who she can then actually have sex with.
 - Nice. - That is ingenious.
 - Smart, isn't it? - That's really smart.
 I want to hear what a trout fake orgasm sounds like.
 I want to see the when Harry met Sally of the trout world.
 I'll have what she's having, what, some plankton?
 Yes.
 - There's one in just sticklebacks. - Yeah.
 Male sticklebacks also are very territorial.
 The males fight a lot, and when it's in mating season,
 and in mating season they go red on their undersides,
 so the way they spot other males to fight is they see a flash of red,
 but apparently they're not very good at distinguishing fish from other stuff,
 so if you've got a pet stickleback, if like a red post fan goes by,
 they'll fling themselves at the side of their tank.
 The Welsh football team goes past.
 Yes, exactly. They'll attack them all.
 Don't wear red around the sticklebacks.
 Speaking of going red, this is not in fish.
 This is in mandrills, so the primates,
 but it is about males attacking each other to try and get a female,
 so they will kind of try and become the alpha male,
 and if there's an alpha male, then you will fight against them,
 and if you beat them, you become the alpha male,
 and if you become the alpha male,
 immediately, just as this biologically happens,
 all the sexual skin on your face and genitalia turns red,
 and the guy who you've beaten, his sexual skin,
 goes kind of more bluey and less red,
 and your testicles increase in size,
 and the person you defeated, their testicles decrease in size.
 Really?
 It automatically happens as soon as you win the fight.
 Popping off to the mandrel tale of the next morning.
 Congratulations on your winning your fight last night, sir.
 I'll be expanding the cropped area of these.
 That's so good.
 What's the sexual skin on your face?
 Do we have sexual skin on our face?
 Well, some of us do, Andy, but don't worry about it.
 It means that it changed colour,
 so that secondary sexual characteristics...
 Oh, I think it's amazing to sort of...
 ...like, females find it attractive.
 Blushing.
 Blushing, yeah, pretty much.
 That's our sexual skin.
 I don't know, man.
 If you've got nothing else to offer, maybe, but...
 Right.
 Because we've got little bits of clitoris in our nose, don't we?
 Excuse me?
 Well, speak for yourself, Dan.
 You know how they say that men can't find the clitoris?
 I'm pretty sure it's in my own nose.
 Well, I thought, yeah, the inside of the nose is...
 You have a erectile tissue in your nose,
 but I don't think that's quite the same.
 Is that what it is?
 That's what I was thinking of.
 When blood will go to it and it will get engorged,
 your poor wife is jamming your fingers up her nose every evening.
 Was it good for you?
 Well, it wasn't that good, I have to say.
 Well, I feel like we've all learned a lot tonight.
 I'm going to go home and apologize to my wife.
 I feel we should all go home as well.
 That's it, that is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you would like to get in contact with any of us
 about the things that we've said over the course of this podcast,
 get the other three, maybe not me on this one.
 But you can get me on @Sriberland, Andy.
 @AndrewHunter.
 @James.
 @JamesHarken.
 And Anna.
 You can email our podcast at qi.com.
 Or you can go to our group account, which is @NoSuchThing.
 Or our website, NoSuchThing, is at fish.com.
 All of our previous episodes are on there,
 as well as a link to Club Fish.
 This is our new exciting venture,
 where we have awesome hidden places
 where you can chat to other fish fans as a community.
 There's also ad-free episodes.
 Oh, shut up, James.
 Stop talking about hidden places.
 I can't look at you in the face anymore.
 Or what else can you do?
 You can have extra episodes, like Drop Us a Line.
 It's our correspondence place,
 where we chat about all of the facts that you're sending in
 and all the letters.
 Otherwise, we will be back here in Carter for another show
 sometime soon, I really hope.
 So thank you so much for having us,
 for everyone at home listening to the show.
 We'll be back again next week with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye!
 (upbeat music)
 (crowd cheering)
 (upbeat music)
 (upbeat music)
