 Hi everybody, Anna and Andy here. Just before this week's show, we have a little announcement
 to make, which is that our colleagues, Jack and Manu, have started their own podcast,
 which is about food and it's called Lunchbox Envy.
 Yes, they have and it is, it's spicy, it's salty, it's saucy, it's sweet, it's vinegary.
 It's great, it's a food-based podcast jam-packed with really amazing, interesting facts about
 food that, I mean, I didn't know, we've been researching for ten years. Why our own babies
 don't just drink our blood? Do you want to know the answer to that?
 I do, I'm happy that they don't, but yeah, every episode is about a different kind of
 food, so they've done all sorts so far, they've done garlic and sausage and chicken. They
 co-host it with Rosy McKean, the pasta queen, all three of them, every week they bring something
 new to the table in their lunchboxes about that particular food they talk about. It's
 great fun, it's the most umami podcast I've heard for ages.
 Every staff and everyone who listens to it loves it, it's got five stars by 97% of listeners.
 It's been featured by Amazon and Apple Podcasts already. You've got to get listening for
 your food fix, so wherever you get your podcasts, look for Lunchbox Envy.
 All right, pack your lunch up, squash that sandwich down, give that a listen and on with
 the show.
 On with the show.
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly podcast coming
 to you from the QI offices in Hoburn. My name is Dan Schreiber, I am sitting here with Andrew
 Hunter Murray, Anna Tyshinski and James Harkin, and once again we have gathered around the
 microphones with our four favorite facts from the last seven days, and in no particular
 order, here we go. Starting with fact number one, that is Andy.
 My fact is, there's a city in Alaska where almost the entire population lives in one
 building.
 Big building?
 Yeah, they call it the One House Town.
 Very good.
 Very clever.
 I thought it was everyone, it turns out there's another tiny block of flats nearby where there's
 a little bit of overspill, which is so annoying, and if the city of Whittier, Alaska could shut
 that down.
 Yeah.
 One building would be a much better fact.
 Do we know who, is it the sort of the social rejects who live in the smaller building?
 Almost certainly.
 The people who have pissed somebody off.
 Actually, I found a few people who live in that second building. One of them is the mayor.
 Oh really?
 No.
 And another one is an artist called Brenda Tolman, who used to live in this big building,
 which I think is called BTI, which we'll get to in a minute, but she moved to the other
 complex because of what she called the forced socialization of this building, which is basically
 people will just come over in their socks and pants and just go, "Oh, how's it going?"
 It is pretty amazing, because there's about 300 people that live in this building.
 So that's your teachers, that's law enforcement, that's the grocers, and they do literally,
 if they want to hang out, just stay in the elevator, you're bound to bump into everyone,
 because that's your social life.
 And that's why I'm afraid of lifts.
 No, but rush hour in the morning is when there's a queue for every lift in the building,
 because everyone's getting to work, and the anyway is up and down.
 That's right.
 And work is in the building, right?
 Like the doctors and the shops and the school and everything you need.
 The school isn't in the building, the school is on the other side of the road.
 I don't know if you've been on Google Maps and had a look at the whole area.
 Yes, because don't you get to it by a tunnel, actually?
 So you have to go down in that building to the bottom floor, to the basement, and then
 you go in the little tunnel you get to the school.
 I half count that.
 Yeah.
 You don't have to go outside.
 Yeah.
 And it does sound like the school times were changed because of what Andy just said, the
 congestion in the elevator, you couldn't get all the kids to school in time.
 So they had to, yeah, everything has moved around the elevator service, basically.
 I've got a slight quibble.
 We say that they're all living in one building.
 I would argue it's three buildings.
 Uh-oh.
 Okay.
 Because it's a sort of three-tower thing, but they're joined together.
 Yeah, exactly.
 So it's actually a 20-centimeter space between three separate buildings for earthquake purposes.
 So they needed for it to have sway because it survived one of the greatest, most powerful
 earthquakes, a 9.2er.
 It survived.
 But are they joined together?
 Well, there's a few platings.
 Yes, they are.
 There's a few platings here joined together.
 And we'll retract it.
 Thank you.
 We'll deny it.
 And the history of it is very cool.
 This place was developed in the second world war as a military harbour, basically, and
 a logistics base, because it's in Alaska, so it's quite near Russia, quite near Japan.
 And Japan actually occupied a little bit of Alaska in the second world war, but quite
 near is a bit of a stretch.
 But you know what I mean?
 Relatively.
 It's a good bit for Japan to try and evade if they're going to go for it.
 So two buildings were built in the town.
 This one, this is opened in 1957, the BTI Tower.
 And they planned loads more, but they only built two in the end.
 And the other one is abandoned now, and it's just sitting there next to the one-house town.
 And it's so creepy, like it was a military base, and it was quite secret, and they had
 all sorts of stuff in it.
 The Buckner Building.
 The Buckner Building, exactly.
 And it had a theatre and a bowling alley and a library and a barbershop and a church and
 a rifle range.
 It was lovely.
 And then it was very quickly abandoned because it was damaged by this earthquake in 1964,
 the big Alaska earthquake.
 Sometimes people break in and ski through the corridors of that building.
 That's cool.
 Apparently one of the hazards, hibernating bears is the issue in that one.
 Wow.
 It is very snowy there, isn't it?
 Which I maybe you'd expect from Alaska generally, but I think it gets a thousand times more
 snow than the US average, which obviously a lot of the US doesn't get very much snow
 at all.
 There's a lot though.
 There's a lot.
 Yes.
 But also nicely, it's named Whittier, as you said, and it's sort of named after this
 poet called John Greenleaf Whittier.
 And well, a glacier nearby was named after him, and then it was named after the glacier.
 And his most famous work was about snow.
 I think it was called snowed in by coincidence.
 Oh.
 So there you go.
 That's pretty cool.
 That is very cool.
 I found a Reddit which had asked me anything by someone who lived in this building, a guy
 called Spankadelic.
 Oh, yeah.
 Imagine you're locked in a building and that's one of your neighbours.
 I would more be worried about having the next door flat for him, trying to get it asleep
 at night.
 Keep it down a bit, please, Spankadelic.
 So Spankadelic said, "I lived in Whittier, A.K., in a building which has the entire town
 of 200 people, ask me anything," a rainy sunbun said.
 So what about the sex lives?
 Is it mostly families who live there?
 I'd imagine everyone is just having sex with everyone, to which Spankadelic replied, "It
 was mostly families and really old people, so no, it was not like that at all."
 And then Hard Spank 916.
 What?
 This is a normal Reddit thread.
 It's not some kind of weird layer of Reddit.
 Is this a relation?
 Hard Spank said, "Isn't Alaska A.L. an Arkansas A.K.?" to which Spankadelic replied, "Nope.
 Understandable mistake, though.
 Nice username."
 That was the entire interesting bit.
 Wow.
 We had it.
 One of the most fascinating things about people living in this building is if they want to
 go to the major local town, Anchorage, you can only get to it via this tunnel, the Anton
 Anderson Memorial Tunnel.
 It's four kilometers long.
 You're not allowed to walk through it.
 You're not allowed to bike through it.
 It's for trains and cars only, and it shuts every night at about 10.30.
 So if you go to the movies, you've got to be back before 10.30, otherwise they just shut
 it down.
 That's fantastic.
 And you've got to sleep in your car and wait for it to open in the morning.
 As people do, right?
 There are sort of huge people who've lost it, and the tunnel doesn't seem to have been
 built to accommodate what it's meant for.
 No, it wasn't.
 So it was built for a train.
 It was initially, you could only get there by boat and by, when this tunnel opened by
 train, and then they adapted the tunnel in 2000 to be a road tunnel as well, but they
 didn't add an extra lane or anything.
 They just put a bit of tarmac down in between the train tracks, and so now you can either
 drive or get the train, and there are very strict timings, obviously, of when you're
 allowed to drive.
 And it's also one lane, isn't it?
 So the train's coming all the time, so every hour the direction switches.
 So you arrive there, you've got a 15-minute window, you can go through that, and then
 they have to air it out after every single line of traffic that's gone through.
 They've got massive fans all the way through.
 I give that five minutes ago.
 I've always wondered why they have big fans in tunnels.
 Can anyone tell me that?
 I can.
 It's to suck out the fumes.
 If you get stuck in the tunnel and the tunnel's shut down and people's car engines are on,
 the air can get very toxic very quickly.
 And so this tunnel has a few little safe house bits, and it's got huge fans to blow out the
 fumes.
 I was going back to when they were building the access tunnel, and most of them seemed
 to be hugely against it.
 There was a lot of protest, because they pride themselves on being this place you could not
 access by road, you know, we're on our own here, we don't want you.
 It was famous as like the real middle of nowhere city, wasn't it?
 And I think quite a lot of people moved there because they wanted to get away from it all.
 Yeah.
 I think you kind of hear stories of people who lived there, who said, "Yeah, I was having
 a bad time in LA, and I decided to come here instead," kind of thing.
 That earthquake in 1964, which trashed the other building, and which the main building
 survived, that sounds extraordinary, as in it was a lot of Alaska it hit.
 About 140 people were killed by it.
 I think it was the second largest earthquake in recorded history.
 And it was on Good Friday in 1964.
 Some places got 30 feet higher because of the tectonic plates.
 Because the ground shifted up.
 Yeah.
 Cool.
 And it was impressive.
 Some salmon could no longer jump up to their spawning grounds, because the cliff they had
 to jump up had just gone...
 30 feet is a long way for a salmon.
 No one ever thinks about the salmon in earthquakes, do they?
 No.
 And there might be another one one day.
 There's a receding glacier, which is 50 kilometers away, and that's destabilized a mountain
 side.
 And they think that mountain, if there's any earthquake, that mountain's going to slip
 and cause a tsunami.
 And even though it is two hours away by boat, this mountain side, it'll hit Whittier in
 about 20 minutes.
 The tsunami.
 Wow.
 Thanks.
 Yeah.
 So everyone in the tunnel.
 Yeah.
 And also the building's reaching its end of use date, really.
 Is it?
 It's what they keep saying structurally, this might be, you know, not for a very long.
 Interesting.
 You know how it's on Prince William Sound?
 Yeah.
 Well, I was...
 So Prince William Sound...
 What is a sound?
 What is a sound?
 Well, the F is a sound.
 I just thought...
 Prince William Sound is the one thing you'll never hear Prince Harry say.
 That's probably...
 Yeah.
 So Prince William Sound is a very important piece of water.
 And we should say the reason it was...
 The military base was put there is because it was the only non-freezing harbour.
 So it was really militarily important.
 So it doesn't freeze in the winter.
 It doesn't freeze over.
 Yeah.
 So it was the only place you could get boats to repel, maybe a Japanese attack and get
 supplies over.
 But yeah.
 I was like, what is a sound?
 I'm going to do everyone the favor of telling you so you don't have to wonder next time.
 So I bloody mentioned it.
 It's actually not very well defined.
 It's a number of options.
 So a narrow passage of water between a mainland and an inland or like a recessed bit of ocean,
 which I guess is what we all imagine.
 But it comes...
 You show big hills on each side.
 I always imagine.
 I don't know why.
 Yes, me too.
 I actually wonder if I imagine that because I imagine them being an echo because it's
 got the word sound.
 What's the most famous sound?
 Is it Long Island?
 Is there a Long Island sound?
 I feel like there is.
 I don't know.
 For me, it's...
 Is it Pudget Sound?
 Pudget Sound, yes.
 There are lots in Alaska, but it comes from an old Norse word, sund, which means to swim.
 And so it's because it was like a portion of water that you could swim across.
 So from one bit of land to another.
 And that also used to be the name for a fish's swim bladder.
 Do you think I could find that?
 You'd call it sound.
 That's such solid research.
 It's so sad I went too deep.
 That's really good.
 Do you know why Juno...
 You know Juno, the capital of Alaska in fact.
 Yes.
 Do you know why that's called Juno?
 Juno.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 I've been to Juno.
 You?
 Yeah.
 That's quite cool.
 That's...
 No, it's a really nice place to be.
 But I thought it was named after a person.
 It is.
 It's named after Joe Juno, but there's more to it.
 So Juno is the capital and you can't get to it by road.
 You can only get by boat or plane.
 And named after Joe Juno, because it was founded by him and Richard Harris, I don't think the
 actor played Dumbledore because it was in the 1880s, because they found gold there.
 And then a whole bunch of other people like flocked there to find gold, a guy called Rockwell
 took over and it was originally called Harrisburg after Richard Harris, because Juno was French
 Canadian so couldn't write English, so Harris was just like, "Well, I'll just write down
 my name then."
 But then there was a winter in 1881 where all the leading figures in the area left for
 winter to do other stuff, except Joe Juno, who was a man's man and kind of a really fun
 guy.
 He stayed with all the miners and he spent the entire winter in the saloons buying them
 all drinks throughout the winter.
 So at the end of that winter, the miners all took a vote amongst themselves to change the
 name to Juno.
 Wow, that is cool.
 I don't think I've said this before, they have sawdust on the floor, do you know why
 they have sawdust on the floor?
 To soak up spit and urine, is that not genuinely why?
 Unbomb it.
 Yeah, that's what people are doing.
 They don't have any toilets and when you ask them, they say, "Oh, just go there."
 It's a litter tray-based system.
 Especially all guinea pigs that live there, we so mentioned.
 So if people drop their food, they don't act like animals and re-eat it.
 So it's about dropping things, think about what Anna said about why people went to Juno
 in the first place.
 Mine is, mine for gold, and if you drop your gold, you will lose it in the sawdust.
 Yes.
 And then, what does the owner do?
 Then the barman gets to sweep it up at the end of the day.
 Sweeps it all up, puts it in a big barrel, the sawdust floats on top of the barrel, but
 the gold goes to the bottom.
 Brilliant.
 Take it out.
 Brilliant.
 Is that true?
 That's true, yeah.
 That's great.
 That's very cool.
 Do you know, actually, I said there are two ways.
 There are three ways to get into Juno.
 Oh, a boat.
 I don't think they are.
 So we've got boat and plane.
 Yeah, boat and plane.
 I know there's no roads that go in because I was told that if you want to borrow someone's
 car, you can just ask them and they'll just let you borrow it because they don't.
 You can't drive that.
 That's okay.
 I was told that.
 I never tried it.
 But yeah.
 You're so totally, can't you?
 So it's not his boat.
 It's air.
 There's no road.
 So it's a tunnel.
 I'll give you a clue.
 It's sort of tunnel.
 It's a canal.
 But what I actually, this is just a trick question.
 What kind of canal?
 Narrowboat canal.
 A berth canal.
 You know what?
 I should be annoyed about that question, but I really like it.
 You could be gone there.
 Okay.
 It is time for fact number two, and that is James.
 Okay.
 My fact this week is that the earliest known kids birthday party included the sacrifice
 of a sheep.
 When was this?
 This was during the reign of King Lugalanda in a city called Lagash, which was in ancient
 Sumer.
 And the reason we know about it is because there are cuneiform tablets, which describe
 it.
 And there's a historian called Vladimir Emilianov, at St. Petersburg University, who studied
 these tablets.
 And he found that there is a mention of celebrating the births of the rulers children.
 And when they celebrated the birthdays, they sacrificed an animal and shared it with their
 deceased ancestors.
 So.
 Interested party bags that were left on the tune.
 You got a blower.
 A hat.
 A liver.
 So yeah.
 Lucky kids.
 Lucky little Sumerian kids.
 When he was taken away from power, Lugalanda, because he was quite corrupt, we kind of
 lose the birthday party for a while, and we don't have anything more on them until, you
 know.
 Really recently.
 Not really in ancient Egypt.
 They didn't really do it.
 And.
 I read that there were birthday parties in ancient Rome, but they were only for the
 male head of the family.
 So only the dad basically got a birthday party.
 It was incredibly unfair for the children.
 So funny.
 Herodotus wrote about the Persians celebrating their birthdays, but the fact that he was
 writing about the Persians and going, "Isn't this weird that they do it?" suggests that
 probably in the Greek and Roman world it was quite unusual.
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 You might celebrate the gods.
 Yeah, you celebrate the gods.
 There's a day with the gods.
 Like you give Artemis a cake on her birthday.
 But that's not.
 What a waste of cake.
 Imagine the only time you make a cake is for a fictional being who doesn't eat it.
 We're just like, "How long did they sit there?"
 Because right now you can just go to a supermarket and buy a birthday cake, even while it's
 not your birthday.
 It's unbelievable.
 I think we've gone too far the other way.
 We have gone too far.
 There it is.
 When you put it like that, it sounds insane.
 There's nothing stopping you, Andy.
 You can do it right now, after the show.
 Just my programming just wouldn't let me buy a Colin the Calf Biller.
 Honestly, nothing's stopping you doing that and putting candles on it.
 The earliest surviving handwritten Latin message by a woman, quite a lot of caveats
 to that, was an invitation to a birthday party.
 It was by someone called Claudius Severa.
 It was found at Hadrian's Wall, in fact, in the first century, almost 2000 years ago.
 She was the wife of an officer and she was inviting her friend, Leppardina, to her party.
 She said, "On the 11th of September, please come.
 I give you a warm invitation to make sure you come to us.
 To make the day more enjoyable for me by your arrival."
 It's pretty amazing because that is the oldest now date that we have for a birthday party
 and it happened about 100 AD, right?
 But on top of it, it's September the 11th as the birthday party.
 We can't necessarily assume that was her actual birthday, but that's when the party
 was.
 It might have been the weekend.
 It might have been the weekend, exactly.
 You have it.
 I don't want to assume.
 Everyone at the party will have asked it in Latin.
 Is it today?
 No, it was Thursday.
 But that date is almost bang on for when the most popular birthdays tend to be.
 September the 16th comes out most likely, but if you look at the top 10 most likely
 dates of birthdays, they're all September.
 Because people have sex when it's cold and dark and off his parties and stuff.
 And then nine months later.
 But so that's the birthday of the birthday, isn't it, really?
 Exactly.
 But unfortunately, it's September 11th, so I thought we could really do a massive party.
 No, for the world.
 In Europe, I think you wouldn't have birthdays until the 19th century was sort of like proper
 birthday parties.
 Not really.
 And there are loads of theories as to why.
 So in the 19th century, you everyone had 18 children and it's exhausting celebrating
 them all.
 When that started to come down a bit, you've got two or three children, you think, okay,
 fine, we can do birthdays now.
 Where's one theory?
 Yeah.
 And also there's a big change because it used to be name days.
 So I love this.
 A day used to be every name, every common name would have a day.
 And it's normally a saint's day.
 So Saint James's day or Saint Anna's day.
 Still that in some countries.
 Yeah.
 In Greece, for sure.
 Like my brother-in-law is Greek and he celebrates his name day.
 There you go.
 And so I think the theory is, everyone knows, oh, it's Saint Christopher's day.
 So if your name is Christopher, you get a lot more attention from strangers.
 They say, oh, people who know your name but don't know much about you, they say, oh,
 happy, happy, some Christopher's day is your name day.
 So you get more kind of general attention.
 Actually, I just remember we did that at primary school.
 Really?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 We went to a Catholic school.
 There we go.
 We'd all have a name day, wouldn't we?
 With our four names.
 Yeah.
 We would.
 Yes.
 And there are rare names, obviously.
 If your name is really unusual.
 I can't think of any unusual names now.
 You couldn't think of one.
 Could you?
 You couldn't think of one.
 Cersei.
 Cersei.
 Brilliant.
 If your name is Cersei, there is a tradition in some places like Latvia where the 22nd of
 May is the name day for people who don't have a name day.
 Oh, that's good.
 In a normal calendar.
 That's nice.
 So, they celebrated birthdays when they were being brought in.
 Pagan, isn't it?
 It's Pagan.
 Name days are saintly.
 That's proper.
 Yeah.
 And birthdays were a bit...
 Another reason they came in in kind of industrial revolution time is because dates and times
 became important, whereas they didn't used to be.
 So people started having clocks and we started knowing what date it was.
 And people had calendars that, you know, the printing had become much bigger so people
 could have calendars in their houses.
 And until then, you would be, you know, what's it like outside now at time of recording?
 It was the start of spring.
 And you just know it was the start of spring.
 You wouldn't necessarily know that it was the 5th of March or April.
 Yeah.
 No one knew what their birthday was, probably.
 No.
 Have you guys heard?
 There's a tradition in Germany.
 And birthdays are quite big in Germany.
 A lot of offices will have a birthday calendar in the kitchen.
 Oh, and you can't, under any circumstances, wish someone a happy birthday in advance.
 Very bad luck.
 That is bad luck in a few cultures.
 I completely agree.
 I say happy new year when it comes.
 People start throwing around happy new year on the 28th of December.
 I shut that down.
 Do you?
 Well, yeah.
 How do we know the new year is going to come?
 We're just going to get around.
 Well, that's the thing.
 In Russia, if you wish someone's happy birthday before the birthday, then the idea is that
 they'll die before the birthday.
 Yeah.
 It's just a fool's errand doing that.
 You think the earth will explode when someone says that to you.
 I'm not saying it will.
 I'm saying let's not take the risk.
 But there is a tradition.
 Please write it if you're German listening to this, and this is real.
 In the north and west of Germany, if you have a birthday after the age of 30, but you're
 an unmarried man, there's a tradition that you have to sweep the steps of your town hall
 dressed as a woman until you are kissed by a virgin.
 I don't think that happens.
 It can't do.
 It feels like we'd know about it, wouldn't we, if everyone was doing that.
 Like, Germany's a serious industrial life country.
 There simply isn't the time for people to take time off to do this.
 But it's a good way of finding love, I suppose, you know, if you don't want to go on the
 apps.
 Oh, my goodness.
 Germans, yes, big into birthdays, big into child's birthdays, big into childhood.
 I feel like Germany invented childhood in the kinder in the late 18th century.
 And in fact, the earliest birthday celebration I could find in Germany was in 1801, and it
 was Goethe describing it of, you know, Germany's answer to Shakespeare fame and friend of the
 podcast.
 And he was describing the birthday cake of Prince August of Saxgotha Altenberg.
 And he described it as a generous talk with colorful flaming candles amounting to 50 candles,
 which was for how old he was.
 So that's like the first time we have, you've got the number of candles to go with your
 age on a cake.
 But he said that was weird, because usually in children's festivities of this kind, you
 have a number of candles indicating your upcoming years.
 Oh, and I found a couple of others also saying the candles on the cake would be the number
 of years you're estimated to have.
 But life expectancy in those days was quite low, wasn't it?
 So you didn't have to blow out as many, yeah.
 It must have been a bit of a shock, wouldn't it?
 You see the cake coming out of the kitchen.
 Why are there only four candles on there?
 Wow, that's amazing.
 I know, I know.
 Omniscient.
 You've always got to guess.
 Birthday songs.
 There's obviously a happy birthday song.
 What would you say is the most famous other birthday party song?
 Happy birthday to your shawty.
 It's your birthday.
 Okay.
 There's so many.
 I wasn't expecting that.
 It's my party and I cry if I want to.
 Leslie Gore.
 Leslie Gore.
 Incredible song.
 Gorgeous song.
 And so I'd never properly, I know the chorus never properly listened to the lyrics.
 It's about the singer Leslie Gore in the story.
 She is at a party.
 We should say 60s singer.
 Yeah.
 People who haven't heard of her these days.
 Yeah.
 Brilliant singer.
 She's a brilliant singer.
 And I'll cry if I want to.
 Exactly.
 And she was about 14 when that came out.
 She was so young.
 She was so young.
 And so the story is about her boyfriend, Johnny, disappearing from her birthday party, comes
 back with a girl called Judy and she's wearing his ring and it's this whole horrible thing,
 right?
 Did it really happen to Leslie?
 Yeah.
 It kind of happened to one of the songwriters, but it was his daughter being upset that her
 grandparents had been invited to the party and she was crying.
 And then he turned it into a more of a love triangle thing.
 Okay.
 Here's the interesting thing though.
 There was a sequel to that song called Judy's Turn to Cry.
 And so it's a follow on where Johnny then sees Leslie Gore kissing someone at that party
 and he gets jealous and he punches the guy and he goes back.
 Dan, can I get, can I show you guys something on my phone?
 Yeah.
 Yeah.
 So Andy's gone over to the cell for, he's pulled out some what sits and it's not that
 that he needs.
 He's pulled out, what's that, some greens of some sort up there's his phone.
 Okay.
 If this is just you on holiday last week, then you've got to save it.
 This series of phone isn't me crying.
 No, I have this album on my phone.
 I'm a big fan and she released an entire album of crying based songs off the back of this
 hit.
 Oh, wow.
 I'll cry if I want to.
 The tracks are Cry Me a River, Cry, Just Let Me Cry.
 Cry and You Cry Alone, No More Tears, Judy's Turn to Cry.
 Yep.
 I understand.
 I would.
 Misty, probably about crying.
 What kind of fool am I?
 And the party's over.
 Andy, is this your Spotify raps every year?
 It's a cracking album.
 But it is amazing that they basically went, this single is such a hit.
 You are now our cry singer.
 Yeah.
 And let's do a whole album of it.
 Yeah.
 And then there must have been a shift because there was one song which you mentioned there
 on that album, which is what kind of fool am I?
 Oh yeah.
 So her follow-up album, that was clearly a hit, is basically songs would fall in the
 title.
 She's a fool.
 My foolish heart.
 She's latching onto the wrong thing.
 Young foolish.
 You haven't got a number one because of the vocabulary you've used in your title.
 And Quincy Jones was the producer, which is why it's such an amazing sound.
 But yeah, what an amazing story.
 It's like a diss track sequel.
 It's so strange.
 She's the Kendrick Lamar of her own day, of her own song.
 I don't get that.
 Okay.
 And it's more of a Drake fan.
 I feel like we haven't innovated any birthday stuff, our generation.
 We've not moved the birthday along at all.
 Oh, well, your generation hasn't, but what's your favorite birthday game?
 I don't really have any favorite birthday games.
 Just name it one.
 Pass the Barter.
 Pass the Barter.
 It's both rubbish.
 I like the one where you go through the Times birthday announcements guessing the age of
 the celebrities and public figures whose birthdays are listed in that.
 What, the Richard Osmond birthday game?
 I do play that daily.
 Well, like I said, if you ask most adults, 67% of people will say that past the past
 was one of their favorite party games and 61% will say musical chairs.
 But in young children today, or in fact, this was 10 years ago.
 So this was a study in 2009, 31% of children age four to seven said they liked past the
 parcel and only 19% said they liked musical chairs.
 And they said that their favorite was playing the Nintendo Wii and the Sony PlayStation.
 I'm with them.
 Okay, it is time for fact number three, and that is Anna.
 My fact this week is that saffron was invented by humans.
 I thought this is really interesting.
 I didn't know that saffron is in the very expensive spice that we can eat.
 Cannot grow in the wild at all, it cannot reproduce without humans intervening.
 So it's all propagated, harvested manually.
 And that's been the case for thousands of years, and there's no wild equivalent.
 There's something that people call wild saffron, which we think maybe it originally came from
 a mutation of that.
 But basically about 4,000 years ago, maybe in Crete, maybe in Persia, some people, I
 guess, found a mutated wild crocus and then tried hand breeding it with another one.
 And it came up with saffron.
 And then since then for 4,000 years, we've been having to hand pollinate or hand breed
 saffron.
 Is that the thing?
 It doesn't make seeds, yes.
 So it all has to be propagated with the bulb, which blossoms into lots of little bits underground.
 It's called a quorum, isn't it?
 A quorum, yes.
 It's like a bulb, but it's basically, it's very similar to a bulb.
 And they grow little offshoots, and you just pinch those off for replanting.
 But yeah, is this why it's so expensive?
 Yes.
 Yeah, it's quite labor-intensive, isn't it?
 Having to dig up every saffron bit, pluck some quorms off, replant them.
 And also because you need a lot of flowers to get not much saffron running.
 There's shed loads.
 Each one grows three of these little bits, which are basically the stigma, the stigma
 of the female bit of a plant.
 That's what the red threads are.
 Each one has three of them.
 It needs 200,000 flowers to produce one kilogram of dried saffron threads.
 And 200,000 flowers is the same as the entire number of flowers used at the World Cup of
 Florets in Manchester in 2023.
 That puts it into perspective.
 Well, it was the hundredth year of the competition, which is like...
 You don't need to tell me, Jax.
 And of course, like, being a World Cup, the Germans won.
 Oh, really?
 Yeah, yeah.
 It's an amazing process.
 It's so weird.
 It's so weird.
 And very time-consuming.
 So you hand-pick the flowers, and then you pick out the three bright red threads.
 And then you dry them out, and then they lose about 80% of their weight in the drying process.
 So you've got almost nothing left of them.
 And then you press those threads into a cake, I believe, or you can do, to pack it.
 Oh, right.
 Yeah.
 But like, quite often, you'll just buy them.
 If you go to a souk in Morocco or something, they'll just be a little sort of...
 It's almost like a petri dish with the men.
 Yeah.
 Have you heard of bastard saffron?
 Oh.
 Bastard saffron is fake saffron, which obviously is very profitable, because even if you're
 selling it cheaper than saffron, it can be ground petals of calendula or safflower.
 So they look a bit similar, I suppose.
 Maybe you had in some beef fibres or bits of Brazil nuts.
 Also quite expensive, actually.
 Yes.
 But it's not cheap.
 And then you store it in a damp location, and it gains a bit of weight, sort of absorbs
 a bit of water from the air.
 It does end up looking...
 Does it taste like saffron?
 No.
 Even though beef fibres are contributing to the saffron?
 No.
 You're being swizzed.
 Yeah.
 But Pliny recommends two methods to identify whether or not something's real saffron.
 One, you press the threads, and if they crackle, then it's not saffron.
 And secondly, you touch it on your face, and if it is saffron, it'll sting you a tiny
 bit.
 And is this true?
 Yeah.
 Oh.
 It's not true.
 He also said it was an aphrodisiac.
 Is it not?
 No.
 Nothing is.
 Everything's claimed, and nothing is.
 Well, they say, yeah.
 So the famous thing that will be mentioned is Cleopatra would use saffron-infused baths
 to sort of get her loins going and get into it.
 Did she not have baths of milk, Cleopatra?
 She did, with saffron, also as part of it, yeah.
 I thought something that was really interesting about a saffron was just how unbelievably
 widespread it is in meals across the world.
 Like, it doesn't seem to have a country or a region or even a continent that it's fixed
 to.
 So we've managed paella, Indian dishes in South America now and European dishes, and
 we seem to have been using it for ages.
 It's reached us about 2,000 years ago in Britain even, and we even have saffron-waldon,
 the place, which is named after it, and that was back in the 16th century.
 It's in Essex, isn't it?
 Yes.
 And they changed the town seal to a picture of three saffron plants surrounded by a wall
 because saffron walled in.
 Oh, nice.
 Very nice.
 It was called something else, walled in before.
 It was called magna-waldon.
 Magna-waldon.
 And they're also known for their lavender in saffron.
 Really?
 Yeah, Ian Lavender, who played Pike on Dead's Army, is listed as a notable resident in this
 time.
 Saffron growers, croakers, called croakers.
 Oh, because a saffron is a type of crocus.
 Because it's a type of crocus?
 Is that why they're getting it?
 I assume that's where it came from.
 They were known as the worst complainers of two-to-times.
 Because of the labour-intensiveness of the work?
 Basically, they were always complaining about the price.
 It was written in a book about the table on a history of food, and it said, "The croakers,
 if the yield's too big, they complain.
 If the yield's too small, they complain that they can't grow enough."
 I see, because if the yield's too big, then the price goes down.
 Exactly.
 If the yield's too small, then they just don't have anything to sell.
 Exactly.
 And so much so that by the 19th century, the word "croaker" was a word for a grumbler
 or a moaner.
 Really?
 Brilliant.
 Don't be a croaker, mate.
 Can I tell you about a complaining croaker?
 Yeah.
 This is from 1556, and it's about saffron walden.
 Such was the plenty of saffron in this year that the murmuring croakers envying the store
 said in blasphemous manner in and about walden in Essex that, "God did now shite saffron."
 That's good.
 The colour saffron, always like an orange colour, is on the flag of India, and it denotes disinterestedness.
 What?
 Yeah.
 Why?
 It's because the leaders of India must be indifferent to material gains and dedicate themselves
 to their work.
 So, wait, is the saffron representing material gains or the work?
 It's because it's so labour-intensive to pick saffron that you need to be dedicated in
 order to pick that saffron, and you dedicate yourself to your work instead of material
 gains.
 That makes sense.
 That's very cool.
 Do you know what a saffron massages?
 It feels like one could guess.
 It's expensive.
 It's expensive.
 You tickle someone with those little saffron heads.
 You get massaged in three very specific spots as if they were plucking the three logs out.
 Interesting.
 When I tell you what it is, you can decide yourself who was closest.
 It's another word for what we would call scissoring between two lesbians, and it was written
 by 13th century Tunisian poet Shahib Aldin Ahmed Al-Tafashi, who was writing about lesbianism
 in the 13th century, North Africa, and he wrote about this community headed by a woman
 named Rose who was all doing this saffron massage.
 What?
 The saffron massage?
 So it's just, maybe it's because two legs look like one when you've got the four legs
 together.
 So it looks like a three legged thing.
 It could be.
 You know what?
 I could have worked out for all my googling, exactly where this came from.
 But I can tell you that the ancient medieval Arabic term for lesbians was Suhaqiyat, which
 meant rubbers.
 Really?
 People who rub things together.
 Oh, that makes sense.
 And it was believed that lesbianism was due to a hot itch in the genitals that could only
 be cured by rubbing clitoris to clitoris.
 Can't hold that.
 The idea was that heterosexual sex created a hot orgasm and lesbian sex produced a cold
 orgasm.
 And so the cold would be against the hot itch and that would cure it.
 Oh, okay.
 Whatever you've got to tell yourself, tell the police.
 And your husband.
 Yeah.
 Well, on the, just running on the sexual theme for a second, in 1967, saffron had quite a
 big moment in America as a result of Donovan and a song called Mellow Yellow.
 Off.
 Yeah.
 Back to Mandy's.
 Let me take out my Donovan.
 Yeah, yeah.
 Donovan, it's back to you.
 Go on, Mellow Yellow.
 It's a great song.
 Yeah, absolutely awesome.
 Well, there's a line that opens it, which is I'm just mad about saffron.
 Saffron's mad about me.
 And no one knew at the time if he was talking about the spice, if he was talking about a
 woman who was called saffron, there was a rumour went around that it was smoking banana
 skin.
 And that's sort of like, yeah, getting off on that.
 Mellow Yellow actually appears in one of James Joyce's books, Ulysses.
 It's a description of Molly Bloom's buttocks.
 So that's what Mellow Yellow is.
 Wow.
 So he describes her buttocks as Mellow Yellow.
 And then it's coincidence that there was a thought.
 I think that's a coincidence because he doesn't, I don't think he said that that's why.
 But what he says is where he got the idea for the song was when he saw an advert for a
 yellow vibrator and there was the line, electrical banana is going to be a sudden craze.
 And so yeah, Mellow Yellow is...
 Well, that's the line of the song, isn't it?
 Yeah.
 So then he came up with Mellow Yellow because he thought that was a good description of
 what this vibrator might achieve for you, a Mellow Yellow.
 I think in most of these cases, it's just Mellow Rives with Yellow.
 Yeah.
 Exactly.
 It's quite a nice phrase.
 And it's just floating a lot of theories here.
 I don't even know.
 Yeah.
 I'm just saying what people have thought.
 But saffron got a moment off the back of it.
 Did it?
 Did it sales?
 Do we have it sales?
 Sort of rocket skyrocketed.
 The croakers were furious.
 You know that gardening books used to rhyme.
 So this is really good.
 I was reading about instructions of how you plant saffron and how you grow it.
 And there's a 1440s book, The Feet of Gardening, which is by John Gardner.
 Very nice.
 Very lovely.
 So here's an example.
 With a dibble, thou shall them set, that the dibble before be blunt and gret.
 Three inches deep they must set be, and thus master John Gardner said to me.
 Was he Indian?
 No, no, no.
 What was that accent there?
 It was such a weird one.
 It was old-timey.
 So you're holding this.
 That's old.
 Old ancient Syrian.
 So you put your dibble in the ground, which makes a hole.
 It's like a log stick, right?
 Yeah, yeah, yeah.
 And it has to be three inches.
 And basically it's for people who are not literate to remember gardening instructions
 is better.
 That's great.
 A big faff writing the books though, isn't it?
 Oh, yeah.
 If you can't make the rhyme work, then you just have to tell people to plant everything
 in December.
 And it's just as a nightmare.
 I think so many months' rhyme with December on.
 I think the words are wrong.
 Sorry.
 That's the worst gardening writer, 15th century multidontist.
 I can't think of a rhyme for November.
 Is that why no oranges were grown in that period as well?
 Yeah.
 Users of saffron in the old days, saffron in breast milk is good for eye complaints.
 According to him.
 Perverts.
 Good for seasickness.
 Great for plague.
 It really perks you up if you've got plague.
 Nones would send their veils with saffron to perk themselves up a bit, apparently.
 Okay.
 But there's also this thing.
 Have you heard of a philosopher's egg?
 I know.
 So you get an egg, make a hole in the top, take out the stuff, and then you fill the
 shell with saffron, then you roast the shell and the saffron together in charcoal's until
 the shell becomes yellow.
 Then you beat it all together in a mortar with some mustard seed.
 Then you, as soon as any suspicion is had of infection, dissolve the weight of a French
 crown of that stuff in 10 spoonfuls of posset ale, drink it lukewarm and sweat upon it in
 your naked bed, and then you become immortal.
 Isn't that good?
 That's good.
 Is the idea that they just make it so complicated that if you die, they're like, "Oh, I just
 didn't do it right."
 Yeah, exactly.
 Yeah.
 And then nine spoonfuls of posset ale.
 Put one extra candle on it.
 Ancient Egyptians used saffron.
 They used them in their head cones.
 I wasn't really familiar with these ancient Egyptian head cones, but they're very cool.
 Like a dunce's cap?
 It's sort of a more sexy version of a dunce's cap.
 What could be more sexy than a dunce's cap?
 Come on.
 Let's get in the corner of the room together.
 Okay.
 Face the wall.
 It's not here anymore about your Catholic school days, James.
 That's what I say when I want the D. I'm referring to the letter on the code.
 This was head cones that were scented.
 So there are lots of images in tombs of people entering parties wearing these cones.
 Or you'd actually go to a party as an ancient Egyptian, if you're a posh one, and you'd
 be given a head cone, a bit like being given a cocktail or a canapé at the start.
 You'd be given a head cone, which was made of ox tallow, which was a sort of fax-y wax,
 infused with saffron, and over the course of the evening, the heat of your body would melt
 it gradually.
 So, and as it ran down your face, you'd emit the scent of saffron.
 It's so weird.
 Yeah.
 It's incredible.
 That's bizarre.
 Delicious.
 I've never heard of that before.
 Who doesn't like the smell of beef-jipping?
 Come on.
 I mean, I'm from the North.
 So obviously I do like that.
 And that's who they were targeting.
 People from Bolton.
 And everyone gets one.
 Everyone at the party, I think, gets one.
 Yeah.
 You'd have a servant come up and pop your head.
 Oh, I'm sorry.
 I'm doing non-beefy January, I'm afraid.
 You have a vegan cone.
 OK.
 It is time for our final fact of the show, and that is my fact.
 My fact this week is that in order to achieve tears in a scene, actors are often shot in
 the face with a crying stick.
 OK.
 Why don't they get our Andy Spotify playlist?
 So I saw this in quite a few places now, where it's a behind-the-scenes trick of the trade,
 whereby if an actor needs to cry in a scene, but they can't force themselves to bring up
 real tears, you have a few methods available to you, one of which is this crying stick,
 which you point at the eye of someone and you blow a sort of methanol odor into their
 eye.
 Mental.
 Sorry, sorry.
 Mental.
 Ah!
 Well, it's just crying.
 OK.
 Can you tile it down a bit?
 So why did your crying stick business get a blast at?
 OK.
 Mental.
 And it creates tears.
 And it's quite nice because it's not immediate tears, they sort of arrive, I guess, once
 the director would say action, they sort of gradually appear, and so you can probably
 time it perfectly.
 So what you're talking about there is a tear-blower, I think.
 Yeah.
 So there's the crylon 3000 tear-blower, Nigel Beauty's Metfol tear-blower that are available
 if you go to specialist shops, but there's also a tear-stick, which is basically like
 a lipstick thing, which you kind of rub on your eyes and does the same job, but doesn't
 have the blower.
 So you don't put it on your bottom eyelid, actually.
 Don't put it on your eye because there's different methods, aren't there?
 Oh, there are so many.
 The craziest one that I read is that stage actors, they'll keep a pair of tweezers on
 them and they will pull a nostril hair out on both sides in order to get both eyes crying.
 Just a good beefy tug on those, that'll do.
 Yeah.
 Kate Grandchette talks about this, she says on stage that would be a method that you would
 do.
 Absolutely.
 Does it work, really?
 Because I feel like I've tried that, but if I feel like it's mentioned in a sitcom,
 I've tried it.
 Does that make your eyes water?
 I've never tried it.
 If you get a good old deep-rooted one, it works, alright.
 OK.
 In fact, a lot of great actors will have a tiny piece of thread going to the front row of
 the stalls where a member of the production company will be sitting, so they don't have
 to pluck it themselves.
 OK, yeah.
 And at a certain moment, they'll just give a yank on the rod.
 That does feel like the problem with a lot of these, right?
 If you are doing a play, for instance, having to have someone sprint on with a crying stick
 and blow in your face halfway through the scene.
 Yeah, exactly.
 Or it's also filmed in a long shot.
 It feels like it will be very hard to puff a blow of mental into your eye from a distance.
 Yeah.
 That's the reason that the stick is quite useful, because you can sort of hide it about
 your person and then just shove it in there.
 Well also, how many nostril hairs do you have?
 If you're in a long-running play, that is...
 They regrow.
 And as you get older, more and more, they regrow more quickly.
 My friend, Diva, who's an actor, she said that she had a friend who would ask you to
 list anything bad that had happened to you in your life, and they would read it and they
 would use that to make them cry.
 They'd read it to the person who created the list.
 No, they would think about the bad things that had happened to you.
 So if you and I are in a scene and I want to cry, I think about the bad things that have
 happened to you and that will make me cry.
 What?
 That's very empathetic of you, isn't it?
 It's very empathetic.
 I would only laugh if I hear that bad things happening to other people.
 That sounds like a you problem, you know?
 And then you're crying with laughter.
 Yes, yes, yes.
 There's quite a common thing as you think about a bad thing that's happened to you,
 right?
 Probably the most common way of doing it.
 That's the Stanislavski way of doing it.
 Right, but for someone else, there's only the bad things that have happened to them.
 Or there's a thing where you put, if I'm acting in a scene with you, Dan, I will put you in
 a scene from my life, if you know what I mean.
 Like, I'll imagine someone telling me that they're ill and then I'll think, okay, I'll
 sort of recast you as that person in my life.
 Imagine someone walking in with one candle on Dan's birthday cake.
 Exactly, exactly.
 There are some things that I just can't believe work.
 The Toronto Film School website has a few tips and I tried the only one that was low
 effort the yawning method, which was take a deep breath and slowly exhale while faking
 a yawn, but keep your lips tightly pursed, which is where it becomes a bit more hard.
 And then focus the yawn in the back of your throat like you're trying to swallow your
 sadness.
 But I found very difficult and hurt my throat quite a lot.
 Okay, so I've just yawned and my eyes are watering a bit.
 My eyes are watering as well.
 Guys, you've actually done quite well.
 But there's no tear coming out, but they are watering.
 No, that's good.
 I'm convinced.
 But on camera, you want a bit of, you know, that subtle, yeah, that feels like, yeah.
 No, I haven't wiped my eyes.
 You're probably crying.
 Yeah.
 You okay?
 Jesus.
 I was thinking about something bad that happened to me.
 There's other methods.
 There's a story of Natalie Wood.
 She had to be able to cry on cue, but her mum solved the issue by ripping up a living
 butterfly in front of her to ensure that she would cry.
 So there's, there's an option.
 They only live for a day, so it's like, you're not really cutting its life that short, are
 you?
 That's a Mayfly, you're thinking of.
 Yeah.
 Oh, shit.
 Isn't that wild?
 That's horrific.
 Yeah.
 There's another podcast called the rest is entertainment.
 Have you guys heard of that?
 No.
 Okay.
 So there's someone on that called Richard Osman.
 Oh, the birthday game guy.
 The birthday game guy, that's him.
 And he said they spoke to an actor who said that they don't have to cry on demand.
 They don't have to cry anymore because they do it in post on AI.
 Oh, well, they, as in the CGI in.
 Yeah.
 So you could, you just kind of go like pull a face of someone who's crying, but you don't
 have to do the actual tears because they'll, AI will do it.
 That's really depressing.
 I reckon a lot of the good actors still cry to silly the real cry, because you want the
 realistic cry face, don't you?
 Do you know that Ohio tried to ban fake crying, specifically in court in 2008?
 Why might you try to ban crying in court?
 Well, because it might influence the jury.
 Exactly.
 But it was, I think this is really interesting that they've assumed that fake crying exists.
 And it was actually based on a case ruling by the Ohio Supreme Court in 1999 that said
 it's improper to inflame a jury's emotions by crying.
 And so there was a prosecutor called Jason Filibam, who was prosecuting people who were
 up for the death penalty.
 And he complained about the fact that defense attorneys would strategically cry on cue.
 Oh, defense lawyers, not, okay, not people at the dock who might be lawyers.
 No, sorry, defense lawyers.
 So you'd be talking to the jury saying, this man does not deserve to die.
 He's got a wife and kids and, you know, that is quite theatrical.
 There's more theatrical than I think a British court would get.
 Well, I think what the defense lawyers say is that they are quite attached to their case
 and they believe strongly in what they're saying.
 And they're very sad at the idea that a client might be killed for this.
 I'd love it if they were busted by the court, who's the guy who does the drawings in the
 court.
 Yeah, you could just, there's this drawing that comes out of a lawyer with a tweezer
 up his neck.
 Right, a second.
 Crying goes in and out of fashion, like in the medieval times, it could be a side of
 manliness.
 So if you read all the medieval romance stories of the Knights of Camelot, Galahad is always
 bursting into tears.
 You know, he's always crying and it's seen as a manly thing.
 It's a virtue as well.
 You know, they're very strong and powerful, but also they cry a lot and bishops would
 always cry loads.
 So there was an archbishop of Canterbury in the 13th century called Winchelsea and he
 wept so much that the altar clots were sodden, supposedly.
 Oh yeah, that's the reason.
 We'll pop some sawdust on the altar next time.
 It's fine.
 But basically, eyesight was a kind of temptation because eyesight showed you all the sins of
 the world and tears were bad for your eyesight.
 You might even lose your eyesight if you cried so much.
 So actually, it was, I mean...
 You'll go blind.
 You'll go blind if you keep doing that.
 So a huge part of religious life was weeping because, you know, it might damage your eyesight.
 Like Jesus wept in the Bible, of course.
 Yeah.
 And so...
 Is that so you can go blind to the temptations of the world?
 Kind of, yeah.
 And that was seen as a, you know, that was a very holy thing to do.
 And also you had to be celibate and non-violent, so tears kind of were, they stood in for combat.
 You were in conflict against temptation, particularly sexual temptation, and tears were a part of
 the response to the temptations of the world.
 Like rather than have sex, but it's a kind of thing.
 Yeah.
 Or listen to a Spotify playlist.
 Isn't it a bit of a giveaway if you're sort of standing with your wife and there's a woman
 across and you're just filling up with tears because you're trying to not be tempted into
 doing something?
 If you're a medieval bishop, you won't be standing with your wife much, look at that.
 The little meme is a bishop and of none, and he's turning out looking at another of none,
 and he's crying his eyes out.
 Babies fake crying.
 Okay.
 Babies fake they're crying quite a lot.
 So some babies are really crying, and you can tell they're really crying if you get to
 a baby and comfort it and it stays, you know, a little upset for a little while, but sometimes
 a baby will be crying, and if you go over and sue it, it immediately is...
 It's all smiles.
 Yeah.
 And that's not really fake, and I mean, well, I suppose it is a manipulative way.
 It is learned that that is a thing to do that prompts a response from a nearby grown-up.
 But I guess in that case, they're crying because they want a grown-up there, so it's kind of
 real.
 Like they might feel lonely or...
 Completely.
 Yeah.
 Worrying.
 But it's not that proper emotional...
 They're not in distress, but they are making, they're going through the motions of being
 in distress.
 They're pissed off, aren't they?
 They're very strong difference.
 It's very evident as soon as you do give them the thing back and they grin.
 Other just reasons people cry that aren't to do with being sad.
 Mice cry to prove how manly they are.
 And this is because they release pheromones in their tears, and they're an aphrodisiac.
 So quite opposite to humans, where I think there have been studies that show that if
 human males smell women's tears, it stops them from being sexually aroused.
 It's a study that found that.
 Mice get sexually aroused by these pheromones, and they found that contact with tears mean
 that a female mouse is three times more likely to engage in lordosis, which is that thing
 where you thrust your rump in the air, asking for someone to have it.
 I've never heard that phrase.
 Lordosis.
 I know it's a good one, isn't it?
 Oh, wow.
 Also, have you ever thought of doing chili-cooper audio butts?
 Oh, yeah.
 Have that rump.
 Yes.
 I have available for voice work.
 Okay, that's it.
 That is all of our facts.
 Thank you so much for listening.
 If you'd like to get in contact with any of us about the things that we have said over
 the course of this podcast, we can all be found on various social media accounts.
 I'm on Instagram at @Sriberland.
 James.
 My Instagram is no such thing as James Harkin.
 Andy.
 I'm on Blue Sky at @andruhunderem.
 If you want to get to us as a group, Anna.
 You can get us on Twitter at no such thing, Instagram at no such thing as a fish, or you
 can email podcast@qi.com.
 Yeah, or you can go to our website, nosuchthingasafish.com.
 You will find lots of things up there, links to any upcoming live shows.
 We have one coming up at the Crossed Wires Festival.
 That's happening this July in Sheffield.
 You can find a link to our merchandise.
 You will find all of our previous episodes, and you'll find the gateway to our special
 secret club, Club Fish, where you can hear bonus episodes like Drop Us Align, which is
 where we read out the letters that you've written into us and respond to all your comments.
 Otherwise, just come back next week.
 We'll be back with another episode.
 We'll see you then.
 Goodbye.
 [Music]
 (upbeat music)
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
