 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Little Fish. We've been so happy to get
 a message from you guys to say that you've been enjoying this show and we certainly enjoy
 making it. It's a little bit more loose, a little bit more silly than the normal shows,
 but we really, really love getting your facts so please do keep sending those in.
 The reason I've disturbed the start of your show today is because I want to tell you about
 a quiz that we're doing. It is for Patreon subscribers on the top tier and it will take
 place on the 23rd of January at 7pm UK time, so that'll be sometime in the afternoon
 if you're in North America and it'll be very early in the morning if you're in Australia
 or New Zealand, but hopefully you will still be able to join us. It's going to be a whole
 load of fun. We've got loads of amazing stuff planned for you and if you are not a member
 of Patreon right now, then you have to go to patreon.com/nosuchthingsaffish and join
 our top tier. You could probably just do it for a month and then quit if you just want
 to do the quiz, but honestly there's so much good stuff on our Patreon that I really think
 once you join you will be hooked because we have extra content, we have merch, we have
 video content, there's all sorts of stuff on there. We hope we've made it value for money
 because people going on there help to support the podcast so it is a real good mutual benefit
 to think anyway, enough of that, really hope you enjoyed this episode of Little Fish.
 Hi everyone, welcome to this week's episode of Little Fish. This is your regular show where
 we talk about your facts and then at the very end we will be telling you some of our old
 facts and putting them under the custodianship of some friend of the podcast patrons. So let's
 not chat any longer, not that we've been chatty so far enough of this banter. In my head
 it's bad to be talking to myself, but no, let us talk about your facts. So who is going
 to give me the first fact, me for the day, me, me, me, dad? Oh come on. I've got such a
 good one, this is from Alex Hadley, I just love this, right? Alex writes, my fact that I've
 not seen written anywhere. Oh, I love those fresh facts, lovely. Is that Cany Tanaka, the
 second-oldest verified person, is the only human in existence who lived through the first
 Powered Flight on Earth and the first Powered Flight on Mars. Mars? Yes. This is so good,
 right? She was born in January 1903. The first Powered Flight happened in December 1903,
 if you believe the government lies about it. That's a joke. They did it. I mean, she would
 not have really been that aware of it. Alex does actually probably didn't care about
 that. Yeah, I know. Like, she probably didn't care about the
 Mars thing. She was over a hundred years old at the time. Isn't that the sad thing really
 about whole of human existence, really, that two of these incredibly important things happen
 in this one person's life, and she did not give a shit about either of them. We are speculating
 about the Mars one. We are speculating she might have absolutely
 been over it. Yeah, you might have been. So she was born in January 1903. Right, brothers
 have their flight. December 1903. She died in April 2022. So what's that? 19 Good Lord.
 And the ingenuity helicopter had a Powered Flight on Mars in April 2021. She was the only
 person alive during both those events. That's a very good fact. That is also very good.
 And we are assuming that her claim of being 119 is true, which as we've said on the
 fuck has quite a few times that anyone over 110. You have to take with a slight pinch of
 shit. Yeah, yeah. I think there were quite good records for her in particular. I mean,
 she was born in 1903. She got married in 1922. And she lived until 2022. It's just got
 better. I mean, I would say I got married a hundred years ago. It's so bad. Because is
 she the number, the number two oldest person after Jen come on? Yes, who I think there are
 quite good questions. So she, this person could be the oldest person ever. Does a good
 point, actually, yeah. Yeah, yeah, she might well be. What do you get for your hundredth anniversary?
 Incontinence. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Anyway, there's a fact that I really like, which is that
 Buzz Aldrin's dad was a pilot and he knew and worked in the same barracks at an army place with
 one of the Wright brothers. Yes. So he knew him. They would have been friendly with each other.
 So for him to witness flight in his own lifetime and then witness his son be the first person
 land on the moon, that's got to be a pretty wild second person. If you believe what the government
 tells you, yeah, I would the government's kind of huge conspiracy that they did go to the moon,
 but Neil was first, or is actually it was five? Have you ever met Buzz Aldrin? You briefly. Yeah.
 So could you imagine why they would prefer meals be the first? Because Buzz is terrifying. Yeah.
 He's a, he's an angry guy. He is. He was pretty terrifying. I was brilliant. Yeah, yeah.
 I met him because he was doing the museumicurial steward. You guys were producing at the time. Yes.
 Yes. Yes. That is correct. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Great fact. Okay. Dad. Yeah, I go on here.
 This one is sent in by Mike Boone. Mike Boone says the greatest spy scandal in New Zealand history
 occurred in 1981 when a member of the secret intelligence service lost his work briefcase
 somewhere in Wellington. It was eventually discovered by a ten-year-old boy and it contained three
 pies and a porn magazine. Now this, it's enough that a ten-year-old boy has found it and then
 someone's discovered this, right? Yes. It must be the worst feeling in the world when you're this
 spy and you find out the ten-year-old boy was the son of Fran O'Sullivan, who was a leading award-winning
 journalist in New Zealand. So he came to his mum and said, I found this briefcase and she opened it
 and blew the story wide open. Yeah, it had, there's different descriptions of what was in it,
 three cold oval meat pies were in the briefcase, two slices of cake, copies of the latest listener and
 penthouse. There was also three identity cards, the man's letters of appointment to the SIS,
 the secret intelligence service. Well, it's going to say, if you just have three pies and a porn
 magazine, that's untraceable to you. The perfect spy is briefcase, actually. Yes. In fact,
 it was a really good spy's briefcase because it doesn't make you seem like a spy, it makes these
 even a bit weird. It makes you seem like a very hungry clever. So completely undone, unfortunately,
 by that. I've not read that, children's books, they're very hungry clever.
 Tuesday, he had three pies and you read a copy of hustle. But yeah, I mean, you're right and
 completely unfortunate that it was undone by the fact that he literally had the letter that said,
 congratulations, you were now a spy. Treat yourself to this voucher for any three pies of your
 choice. Wow. Yeah. That's extraordinary. Yeah. I didn't know much about the Kiwi spying services,
 to be honest. No. I think Kiwi James Bond is a fun idea. Yeah. We spoke about when Restarby
 was on the show on Nancy. I can't remember her name now. She cruddy chopped a Nazi to death.
 She was a New Zealand spy. She was amazing. You weren't that one, were you Andy?
 Yeah, you weren't in that one. That's right. I was there. Yeah. There was also that story in the
 news about the fact that a lot of countries were asked to identify the spies in their countries
 and kick them out in New Zealand said, oh, we had a look. Can't find any. And that was that.
 Very good. Okay. Here is a fact from Julian Sean. And Julian writes about the excessive
 mountaineering tourism on Mount Everest and the huge problem it has caused with human waste
 leading to the so-called Mount Everest poop slide. And apparently this is people
 pooing on Mount Everest and the poos don't just stay up there. A poo boulder will roll down the
 mountain when the ice melts. And they will often end up in drinking sauces. Wow. So this is a
 huge problem. And now if you climb up there, they give you special bags with chemicals in
 that you have to poo into and then take them back down again where they came from.
 Do you poo into the bag or do you do a poo and then pick up after yourself as if you were the dog?
 Dealers choice. Yeah, I guess so. As long as the poo ends off in the bag, that's fine. It doesn't really
 matter. Yeah. I think I would probably do a poo and then wait a couple of hours for it to freeze
 and then put it in the bag. That's a good idea. That's a good idea. Yes. I would have a swap
 system going with one of the other mountaineers. Oh, well I don't go mountaineering with you.
 Well, I'm doing a poo. The other mountaineer stands around awkwardly like pretending he can't see me
 like a dog on a wood. We're only going for a walk of the Cheviets.
 Break the bags. My favourite advice that Brian Blessed always gives about Mount Everest
 is he says and is to do with pooing. It says never camp below the French because the
 bastards will shit on you from any height. And supposedly that would be a worry is that in his
 experience. He's not camped under every nationality in the world. I don't think it's fair to blame
 the French. It's coming with no judgment from me. I'm just reporting on the man.
 Well, I had a quick look at this problem on Mount Everest and I found that the 2019
 amount of human feces was 7,200 kilograms in a single season. And that is the same weight as
 Vladimir Putin's armoured limousine. Putin. You took away from my brilliant comparison now
 with your lame Putin joke. I think you both got something to be blamed for there.
 Oh, okay, fine. Well, why don't you give us something better than I think? Oh gosh, all right.
 Here's a fact from Michael West. Have you guys heard of AMF bowling? You might down because in Australia
 it's a major chain of 10 pin bowling centers. Oh, I haven't heard of it now. Michael is writing
 from Sydney. I hope it's not Michael from West Sydney. No, I think it's Michael West from Sydney.
 Anyway, he showed it's not Sydney West from Michael. That's it. So Michael says,
 here in Australia, AMF is a major chain of 10 pin bowling centers. Imagine my surprise to learn
 that AMF built the first nuclear reactors in Iran, Pakistan, and Israel, the same company. Same company.
 This is insane. Wow. There was this firm called American Machine and Foundry. They haven't
 existed since the 90s now, but basically they made everything. They made bowling equipment.
 They made pretzel bending machines. They made the silos for American nukes and they made nuclear
 reactors for these countries around the world. It's insane. They just really got it making
 weird machines. Yeah. They made tennis rackets, bicycles, scuba gear, remote planes,
 and ballistic missile launching systems. Wow. That's sick. And they're responsible for something.
 I think this is something you're interested in James. They put thousands of people out of work
 with one of these inventors. Oh, I love putting people out of work. One of my main hobbies that,
 yeah, I love it. I mean, this is an area you've done a fact about in the past. Come on then.
 Well, what did bowling, what did these bowling machines, who did they put out of work?
 Oh, the pinboys. The pinboys. Yeah. That is interesting. Thousands of boys used to just hang around
 at the other end of a bowling alley, putting the pins back up. Yeah, they did. And then if you were
 nice to them, they'd put the pins close together to make it easier to not come down. Yeah. That's great.
 Did you have to like just put a little note in some money in the hole, maybe, and then like the next
 time you came? Well, basically, I think the other thing is if they just didn't like the luck of you,
 they would make things more difficult. That's funny. Probably put chewing gum underneath the pins.
 Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. If you're in a date and you want to impress, you have to say to them, you know,
 you put these pinboys close, you just knock them over, please. Yeah. Look at that. And they're playing
 your date turns round and then, oh, wow. I thought you went straight in the gutter. No.
 Is that a new de-reactor being transported over to? No, I believe that's a pretzel turning machine.
 What a pivot from what they were doing to bowling. Very unclear which way they pivoted first.
 I think they might have done the bowling first. Right. And then, no, you know, we could use this
 for either way. We sort of started a chain reaction in with those balls. I don't think so because if
 you're Iran and you need someone to build your new clear reactor and someone comes over and goes,
 well, we're a pretzel bending and a bowling machine company. You're not going to trust them.
 Whereas if you want to make pretzels, if someone comes up to you and says, well, we also make new
 clear reactors, you're going to go, oh, you guys know yours. Yeah. You're right. You're absolutely right.
 Yeah. You have to build down. You have to build down. Start with the girl. I always say, start with
 something incredibly complicated. And then, you know, see if you can make a bit of pretzel money on the side.
 Thank you, Michael. Um, who's next, dad? Yeah, I got one. This is from Tom Worth. This is a fact
 about CGI in movies and in Jurassic Park in particular. So he says the T-Rex attack scene in Jurassic
 Park with the lawyer character runs out the car into a nearby hut and is eaten as he's sitting on
 the toilet. That's a CGI shot. So they needed a CGI human for it as well. They couldn't use an
 actual human. Okay. Um, but this was the early days of CGI. And it didn't make sense to build a whole
 new CGI human for literally one shot where you see him from behind in that distance. So they decided
 we'll reuse the CGI human that we've already used in another movie. So just it was a recycled
 bit of human for CGI. So Jurassic Park, what, 19, what bit like? 94 or 5? So it's got to be a movie that
 came out in the early 90s. Yeah. Is this something we can guess? Yeah, I mean, yeah, it's a blockbuster movie.
 From the early 90s in the religions. It's not one of the alien movies. No, it's not. No, the CGI
 human that you see being eaten by the T-Rex in Jurassic Park is in fact T-1000, the Terminator.
 I'm just going to say that from Terminator 2. Oh my gosh, that's brilliant. It's not great.
 That's very pleasing. Can we say that they're in the same universe maybe? Oh, yeah, exactly.
 Yeah, they are. Yeah, great idea. I think Terminator vs. Dinosaur is the movie we're all waiting for.
 They send a dinosaur forward in time to kill John Connor. You know what I'm saying? And then they
 have to just like deal with a robot dinosaur. Come on. Come on, guys, come on. No, the opening,
 the opening scene is Jurassic Park and we see them going off. But then we cut back to the
 hut and the chewed up man stands up and you can see half his face is cyborg. That's good. And we go
 from there. Where do we go? This thing writes itself, guys. I think you'll find if you just put that
 sentence into chat Tp2, you let it do the rest. Yeah, I think where we probably goes, we turn back
 to Jurassic Park, which is an actual good movie. We just watch that. Here is an amazing one from
 Charles Hargrove. And Charles says that the inuit of the North American Arctic used to treat
 snow blindness by tying a louse to a human hair and walking it across the affected eyeball.
 What? What indeed? It doesn't make any sense, but it is from the
 Avatar cultural institute in Nunnerbuck. So this is a very, very good sauce.
 What is? I don't really know what snow blindness does to you. I mean, I can sort of guess is that
 you just you can't differentiate things with your eyes anymore because it's all so quiet.
 Yeah, I think that's what it is. But I think there is some physical stuff that happens
 because I went on to the website and read about it. And apparently the idea is that you walk
 this louse across your eyeball and the film sticks to the louse's feet. No way. And according to this
 website, you need several lice because lice are small and get tired real fast. And the procedure
 is no longer used because we don't have hair lice anymore. Oh, that's such a shame. Yeah.
 That must be some other reasons why we don't do that anymore. But flies with the wings tied down
 maybe used in the same way. How are you tying down a fly's wings? Sorry. With more human hair, I guess.
 Do you mean that they don't have human lice out there? Yeah, these guys. I know human lice do
 exist. Oh, I'm gonna say I could send my kids over. Imagine you make a killing. I would.
 Some of the things they use to treat snow blindness. Tamegan breast laid on top of the
 eyelids. And apparently if you do that, the patient should not eat any tamegan for a while.
 Or some square flipper seal fat applied directly to the eye. Should you not eat the tamegan
 because then you're out of tamegan. Should you need to put them on your eyes again? Or has it
 has what what an interesting connection that you shouldn't eat it if it's been on your eyes.
 I think a lot of this is cultural sort of. Oh, flour and stuff like that. I do wonder if some of it
 is just people from that area taking the piss when anthropologists come over and go, yeah,
 what we do is we retire hair loss to an eyelash and let it walk crush your eyes. I always think that
 when I see those dogs, particularly like the weird ancient alien ones where like they're out in
 some jungle and some old 90 year old woman is going and alien landed down here. I can picture
 everyone else going, why do they keep interviewing mad Sally? What's going on about aliens again?
 It's not case. Yeah, but it is on the official website dedicated to preserving and promoting
 inuit language. Wow. So the sauce is good. So cool. That's fantastic. Yeah. Okay, we've got time
 for one more maybe. Yeah, I got one here. This is from Jodacus Mordant. Apologies, Jodacus. I'm reading
 your name as I see it. Zoologist. And they say they're constantly learning about animals on Velton,
 which is their sensory world. Oh, Velton. Yeah, very good. So he says here's my favorite one from
 this week, star-nosed moles can forage underwater. They can purposefully blow air bubbles and then
 re-enhail them to detect sense from potential prey. Not to mention that their star is 13 times
 more sensitive than a human clitoris, which I think I learned from your show. You did. I looked it
 up. That was in an episode called No Such Thing as the Malt Street Journal. And what was the other
 fact about the star-nosed moles? They can blow purposely blow air bubbles and then re-enhail them to
 detect sense from potential prey. Velton is really interesting because that's the idea that you just
 don't know how any other animal is experiencing the world. Right? So if an electric eel goes through
 the water and it can tell where things are because it has an electric force somehow detects things,
 or if a bat is somehow detecting things using clicks and bouncing ultrasound off walls and stuff,
 we just have no idea of knowing what that's like. We can kind of come up with an analogy or whatever,
 but really you just don't know what it's like to be a horse or a lion or a nat. Even really close
 animals to us, even chimpanzee. We don't know if they're looking at us as if we're other chimpanzees,
 or whether we're this weird sort of different animal or more. I wonder what the closest animal is
 where we feel like we're getting closer to understanding the deception of the world. Whatever's been
 studied most, I guess, dolphins and... Drugs. Yeah, dogs. Gilly pigs. Because designing a VR headset
 game where you were existing with their vision with their, you know, dogs seem black and white,
 is that right? Yeah, but they smell a lot. Yep. So you'll have to have a VR big VR nose. Yes. But then
 the nose would have to give you so many smells, you wouldn't know what to do with them. You wouldn't
 be able to differentiate between them. You'll be just like, this smells a bit meaty. Yeah. But actually,
 it could be venison over there and dog shit over there. And, you know, like you just can't experience
 what it's like to be able to tell all those different smells of what. What does Andy keep smelling
 everyone's ass when they come and say hi to him? He took the helmet off. He's okay.
 Is someone going to pick up after me or not? What way separate to freeze?
 Okay. On that note, I think we should maybe go to our second section of this show, which is to look
 at some of our old facts and give them a new home. So, Andy, do you have the first person who is a
 new custodian of a No-Shoes Thing as a Fish Facts? Yes. First friend of the podcast to be assigned
 their brief. This week is Richard Martin. Congratulations, Richard. Your fact is an absolute classic.
 It's that the first known football chant was composed by Edward Elgar. Yeah. I think a lot of
 a lot of things you hear shout out on the terraces have actually been composed by eminent composers,
 is that right? Yeah, the referees of Wanker. That was by Schoenberg. Yeah, absolutely.
 Who's the bastard in the black? Who was that? It was... Was it Rimsky Karsikoff for? I can't remember.
 I think it was Prokofiev, but I'm not certain. I always get the mixed up. Yeah, no, no, no, no.
 I always get the Russian composers out of here. The one that goes... When you're taking the piss out
 of the other fans for not making any noise. John Cage? John Cage? Lovely. There you go, Richard.
 That's your fact, though. Dan, let's have the next one. Yeah, this fact is for Catherine,
 and this was my fact, and it's from episode 17, as was the last fact, and that is Eric Cantana
 was raised in a cave. Is this... This must have been a football special. I think it was a
 World Cup final. It absolutely was. I can see the next two facts. Was there a World Cup in 2014?
 There was. My favourite Eric Cantana fact from... I didn't even mention that episode. I can't
 really remember. It was people used to sing "U" "Ah, Cantana." And that was composed by Camille Sanson.
 Was it? God, you really got me. You really got me. Eric Cantana has the record for the most
 kicks to someone else's head in one minute. Call back for you, though. Very good. Very nice.
 Okay, Tiffany Gregory, you've been waiting for your name, and here it is, and will we find out
 what fact you are now the custodian over? Yes, we will. It is... Oh, it's a bit of a long,
 a bit of a mouthful, apologies for this. In the first World Cup final in 1930,
 Uruguay and Argentina couldn't agree on the size of the ball. So you used Argentina's small ball
 at the first half, and Uruguay's big one in the second half. It's lovely. It's a lovely idea.
 It also implies that people from Uruguay sort of multiple times the size of people from Argentina.
 The size of the ball was not that different. I don't think I've seen at least one of these balls
 in the design museum in London quite recently, and they are quite similar in size. But still, I mean...
 It'll freak you out a bit, wouldn't it? You'd probably play your best game with the ball that you
 were used to. Yeah, yeah. It wasn't like they were used in the marble for the first half,
 but it's big 12 for the second half. Sure, another fact. Yeah, go on, Andy.
 Right. This goes out to Rita Hoffmeier. Rita, thank you so much for becoming a friend of the
 podcast, and here is your fact is that FIFA has more members than the UN. A famously ineffective,
 sclerotic and corrupt organisation, the UN remains in business. This was a debut fact,
 by the way, Rita, from the creator of QI, John Lloyd. Yeah. Very first appearance onto fish.
 This is really exciting though, because you guys don't know this, but I can say that Rita Hoffmeier,
 as well as becoming custodian of this fact, you are also going to receive the No Such Thing as a Fish
 Peace Prize. Oh, that's huge news. It's huge. It's huge. Obviously, for all of the great stuff that
 you've done to stop wars in the world, we've decided that you should get it. Yeah, congratulations, Rita.
 Dan, another one. Yeah, so we've jumping over to episode 18 now, and this is a fact that's going out
 to Cara Riley, and this is a fact that was from one of our guests on that show, Richard Turner.
 Richard Turner is the co-creator and producer of Museum of Curiosity, which is a show that me and
 James Harkin worked on for many, many years. He's a really, really good friend. And Richard's fact
 is that when Neil Armstrong landed on the moon, he was wearing Ladies Underwear. Very good.
 I can't 100% remember. It wasn't. I was a slight stretch. I think it was that the stretch,
 a stretch, but very comfortable and very forgiving. It was that the undergarments of the space
 it would made by playtacks, I think, that also made undergarments. That's right. Separately, he was in a thong.
 Okay. I will do one more. This one is now under the custodianship of Ben Newman.
 Ben, this is your fact. It is that in 1963, Muhammad Ali released a stand-up comedy album
 called "I Am The Greatest". That's right. That's right. That's right, the special. I saw that album in
 an HMV, which is where I got the fact from. I was going through the stand-up comedy CDs,
 and it was just sitting there, and I was like, "What the hell is this?" And did some googling, and yeah,
 it turned out... Is it funny? He was an incredibly funny guy. I don't know if you've ever seen
 interviews with him. He just had a great way with words. He had, sort of, anytime he was trying to
 roast his opponent, he did very well at that. Yeah, it was funny. So what it was, it wasn't him on stage,
 explicitly coming out like he's Jerry Seinfeld. He was doing talks around the world, and they were
 recording them, and so this was a compilation of all those talks. I think it had poetry as well,
 that he'd written. I haven't listened to the CD in a while, so I can't remember it, but yeah.
 This goes out to Nicky Kelly, congratulations Nicky, and it's the fact that in 1325 in Italy,
 war was declared, and 2,000 people killed because a bucket was stolen. Oh, dear. I know. This was the
 war of the Okan bucket between Bologna and Modena, and some modernese troops had stolen a bucket
 from the Bolognese, and it had some stuff in it, it wasn't a completely empty bucket. And then
 Bologna responded proportionally by invading with 32,000 troops, and Kale's ensued. So there you go.
 Anyway, I know we're all just thinking about our favourite bits from that war.
 I was just thinking of my favourite Pallini sauce, it's the ice of the years, I'm really sorry.
 Lovely. And they are.
 There was one in Soho, a nice Italian, one of the individual meals. I think you meant recipes,
 okay. Yeah, you do get spaghetti Modenaes, do you? No, you don't. If you do, podcast@QI.com, if that's
 I imagine that was what the outcome of this war was, wasn't it? Who's allowed to make?
 Who gets to do? To get to see with the regu on it. Yeah, go on, Dan, let's have one last one.
 One last one here, and this is a James Harkin fact, but it now is under the custodianship
 of Sean Wandersey, and that fact is there was a group of chimpanzees in Zambia who were a blade of
 grass in their left ear as a fashion statement. Yeah, I bet not anymore, unless it's come back.
 Yeah, I wonder how quick fashion changes in the chimpanzee world. I'm not sure. I think this was
 back in the news this year, wasn't it? Yeah, it was, but I've just googled it. This is what it was.
 The headline now is chimpanzees have found a fresh spin on the old fashion,
 and they're sticking grass and sticks in their bottoms. Imagine being the first chimpanzee to do that,
 I think, and you know what? Everyone's going to copy me. This is cool. It's the same place,
 it's the same refuge, and it's 15 years later, and it's happened again, but they're also just doing
 it in a different, and they're still doing it in their ears, but they're also doing it into their
 bottoms. Amazing. That's the way fashion goes eventually. Everything comes back around. Get those
 old blades of grass out of the wardrobe where they've been hanging for years. Teenage chimpanzee
 going to their parents. Hey, Mum, Dad, I don't suppose you have any blades of grass hanging around
 from your chair. Oh, yes, we do. Oh, that's, oh, I'm so glad it's getting so, wait a minute,
 where are you, but what are you doing? Okay, on that note, I think it is time to end today,
 show congratulations to Sean, Nikki, Ben, Kara, Rita, Tiffany, Catherine, and Richard. You are
 friends of the podcast, and you are also now custodians of those facts. If you too would like to
 become a custodian of the fact, then go to patreon.com/noseofthingsafish, and you'll be able to find out
 details there of how to become a friend of the podcast or any of the other tears that we do.
 If you don't want to do that, and just want to listen to the show, then come back next week, or come
 back on Friday when we will have our big fish episode in the meantime. Bye for me. Oh, also me,
 I'm going to say bye. Andy, and there's goodbye from me. Good bye.
 [BLANK_AUDIO]
