 "Did you know with it, who do I want back at this?"
 "Did you know with it, who do I want back at this?"
 "Did you know with it?"
 Hello and welcome to another episode of No Such Thing as a Fish, a weekly bogguss coming to you from the Kiwai Offices in Covent Garden.
 My name is Lightning and I'm sitting here with James Harkin, Anatozhinsky and Alex Bell.
 And once again, we've gathered around the microphones and we've got you our four favourite facts in the last seven days.
 So in no particular order, here we go, starting this week with my fact, and that is that early ice skating rinks stink of pig fat.
 - What? - It's a rank rink.
 - Rank rink, ice rink. - So this is the fact that the very first artificial skating rinks used as kind of ice substitute,
 because they didn't have the technology to make proper fake ice.
 So instead, they used a substitute which consisted of various salts and hoglard and people would skate around on it.
 And they also had mounds of hoglard just at the side to look like fake snow.
 Yeah, and it didn't last very long. It lasted six or seven months.
 - When did you say that was? - That was in 1844.
 Okay, so that was, and the first one of those was made in 1841, I think, wasn't it?
 - Yes, sorry. So this was the first one that was properly open to the public.
 - Yeah, the one that was made in 1841 was only six foot by 12 foot, so I don't think.
 - You're not going to play much hockey on that, I mean.
 - That was like his investment lure at one. So he made that first one, and it was basically like the thing you'd take on Dragon's Den to say,
 "If you give me £10,000 for 10% of the company."
 - Well, I'm afraid it smells like pig fat, so I'm out.
 - It's weird when you see pictures of the olden days.
 So for instance, there's this beautiful picture of one of these early ice rinks from the 1840s,
 and everyone always looks very kind of, they're all dressed very beautifully, and it always looks lovely, like Jane Austen era,
 and you can never see the picture of the smell, which was so privated everywhere.
 Everything smell of horse manure or pig fat.
 - Did you expect that they'd be skating around with like clothes pegs on their noses or stuff like that?
 - Green smoke, lingering above them.
 - Yeah, you can't see the trotters poking up through the ice.
 - Do you remember last year when in Japan, I think we might have mentioned this on our new show in Japan,
 they filled that ice rink with dead fish, didn't they?
 They got like panties with a dead fish.
 - I look this up again, but I didn't realise at the time when you did this on the show that the Japanese theme park
 is called Space World, and it's like a space themed theme park.
 There's no reason to put fish inside your ice rink.
 - They froze them fast so that you get a kind of whole shoulder fish mid-swim, so it did look quite cool,
 but then they also spelt out the word "hello" and dead fish.
 - When you take a step back from that, that's like, what are you doing?
 Who thought that was a good idea, how far down the meeting did you lose sight that that was mad
 when you were like, let's spell out the word "hello" of all words in the ice?
 - At the very least, you could put "hello" in Japanese.
 - Oh, was it in English?
 - Yeah, it wasn't English, wasn't it?
 - It was, yeah.
 - But they got a massive trouble over that, and then they said, don't worry,
 the fish were already dead before we put them in the ice as though that sort of makes it better.
 - Well, it kind of makes it better, because then it's just like if they were just buying it up as if to eat.
 - But people complained at the time that the fish looked like they'd been frozen in time,
 they were people saying, it looks like you've just put them in there alive,
 and they've frozen to death, because their mouths are open and their eyes are big and wide.
 But if you've ever been to a fishmonger, that is just what dead fish look like.
 - I see what you mean, I don't think it's better, I do think it's less bad.
 - Well, that's what that means.
 - Well, I think it's still bad.
 - Do you think, because it was spelled out in English, maybe they thought
 this is a kind of weird stuff that the Brits are into, isn't it?
 We'll spell it out in their language, we'll get loads of tourists.
 - Well, they correctly surmised that it was going to be in British tabloid newspapers, didn't they?
 - They did, well done, Japan.
 - Yeah, maybe they were hoping that it was going to be in Hello Magazine.
 Maybe it was sponsored by Hello Magazine.
 - Anyway, yeah, so they didn't have another proper artificial ice rink until 1876,
 and that was when they had actually developed the technology.
 But even that one had a layer of cow hair under the ice.
 - Did it?
 Was that for some kind of sort of cold insulation?
 Because they ran cold types under the ice, didn't they?
 - You had concrete, the base layer is concrete, and then on top of that,
 you have layers of earth and wood and cow hair, obviously.
 And then they, on top of that, as you say,
 and they put these pipes, and they ran a chemical solution through the pipes,
 which froze the water surrounding the pipes, and it froze the water.
 - Yeah, what was that?
 - That was really cool.
 - They were called Galiciaerians, weren't they?
 - Yeah.
 - Galiciaeria, maybe.
 But they were incredible.
 I didn't realise these things existed, and they were, it sounds amazing.
 So they were floating.
 There was, I think the second or the third one that this guy, John Gange, who invented them made,
 was one, a floating one on the tenths, just where the hunger for bridges.
 So it was this big floating ice rink, and it had a glass ceiling that went all over it.
 So it was indoors, glass ceilinged, floating.
 Why don't we still have this?
 - That's very cool.
 - Yeah.
 - I find it fun enough to skate on an ice rink that's on solid ground,
 but one that's also, like, you get a seasick on as well, let's go out and down.
 - Maybe it cancels out.
 - And it's just like walking around.
 - I think I'm imagining everybody sliding to one end,
 and then sliding to the other end, and always getting bunched up on one side.
 - Yeah.
 So John Gange, then, after doing this, he went into perpetual motion.
 He invented a thing called the Xerometer, which supposedly would power ships through perpetual motion.
 He put the same, a similar kind of liquid through the ship, which is really cold.
 That would take the heat from the water.
 That would propel the sails and the rotors, which would then put energy back into the water.
 And that would supposedly be a perpetual motion machine, unfortunately, it didn't work.
 - Unfortunately, he didn't count on the laws of physics.
 - And he spent the rest of his life and all of his money on that.
 - You're calm.
 - Yeah.
 - He was an extremely accomplished vet, John Gange.
 So he was really good at this.
 He founded this vet school and a vet journal.
 And there's now the John Gange award, which is basically the only remnant that has his name,
 which is an award that's given to those who excel in the field of veterinary science.
 - And it says in the Oxford Dictionary of National Biography that if he'd have carried on
 being a vet instead of going into ice skating rinks and perpetual motion,
 then he probably would have been the best vet of all time, maybe, or one of the best vets.
 - But we wouldn't have ice rinks, so swings and roundabouts, isn't it?
 - But we would have the pig rink still. He didn't invent that.
 - We'd still have the pig rink, thank God.
 - So that would be probably fine.
 - Can I just cause such a cool thing about Gange is that his brother was a guy called Sampson Gange.
 - Samp Gange?
 - Well, so Sampson Gange was a doctor, and he invented a kind of tissue that was used in
 surgical instruments, which people called the Gange tissue.
 But Tolkien wrote a letter saying that he'd got the name Samwise Gange from that,
 because they used to refer to the Gange tissue at the end of the 19th century.
 And it was to go with Rosie Cotton, who's Samwise Gange's wife in Lord of the Rings.
 So this guy invented the ice rink, his brother was Samwise Gange.
 - That's amazing.
 - He was Lord of the Rings, and the other guy was Lord of the Rings.
 - There's not quite true to the text, is it?
 - He's Lord of the Rings, but we'll allow it.
 - So, Samp Gange is named after a cloth.
 - Yeah. - And his wife were both named after surgical instruments.
 - That's so funny. Surely that's a bit of a hack move, isn't it?
 - It's like the least Lord of the Rings thing to do.
 You think of being able to do some God or something, yeah.
 - It's like being called Trevor Gors.
 - So, never butterfly stitch.
 - What if all the characters in Lord of the Rings are named after all this stuff?
 - Maybe they are.
 - Maybe they are.
 - So, we should talk about the machines that go up and down ice rinks, fixing the ice.
 - That's what the public are crying at.
 - You mean, Zambezi's?
 - Zambezi's?
 - Zambonis.
 - Zambezi's?
 - Zambezi is a river in Africa.
 Very rarely freezes.
 - I assume they were named after that.
 - Yeah. Sorry, you mean Zambonis.
 - Yeah, I do.
 - Yeah, of course they're huge here.
 - That's very optimistic that I'm going to edit that.
 - Yeah, I didn't realise the previous procedure, which was so laborious.
 You had a tractor on the ice, and that would pull along a scraper.
 Because obviously, as people skate, there are all these little shavings that get
 sort of cut out of the ice.
 So, you have a tractor pulling along a scraper.
 The scraper scrapes it all up, and then you have to have someone walking behind
 spraying the ice with water, and then squeegeeing it up to mop it up.
 So, you don't have too much water on the ice, I don't know.
 - I think it's basically shaving the top layer off the ice.
 So, you've got the smoothness, and then putting a new layer on that's just smooth.
 It's basically like repainting, but with water.
 - Yeah.
 - But then, does the person walking behind leave a lot of footprint in the ice at then?
 Another machine has to come behind to sweep up.
 - It's another person, actually, with slightly smaller feet.
 - Yeah, they're great.
 So, these are apparently a big deal in the world of ice hockey,
 which I'm not very afraid with, and in America, but they're invented by
 this guy called Frank Zamboni in 1949.
 And they were first made out of Old World War II parts, weren't they?
 So, the first one was made out of bits of a...
 - Spitfire.
 - Is it a tank, wasn't it?
 - It was a Douglas bomber, so it was an aeroplane.
 But I think other bits were made out of tanks, maybe.
 - I think the whole thing was that when he made the machinery,
 he'd then put it on like a military buggy and drove it around,
 and that was like, it was like a...
 - Ah, really?
 - That's so funny.
 - I went on the website, and the official website, Zamboni.
 And on the biography, it says,
 "If necessity is a modern invention,
 Frank Zamboni is probably the father, which I think is a bit of a semi..."
 You say, "One successful, quite specific invention."
 - No, have you seen the other things he invented?
 - Go on.
 - One of them's called a black widow.
 It's a machine that's invented to fill in the dirt on top of symmetry vault.
 - Effectively, leveling the soil on top of a vault
 is very similar to leveling the ice on a...
 - Yeah, it's a simple one-trick pony.
 - He's not a one-trick pony.
 - He's a dad-trick.
 - A dad-trick.
 - Because he's also invented the Astro Zamboni,
 which removes rainwater from Astro turf.
 And when they had the 50th birthday of the Zamboni proper,
 Zamboni classic, they had a Zamboni driver of the year competition.
 - Yeah.
 - Which was one by a guy called Jim McNeill,
 who said it was a thrill right up there with getting married and having children.
 Did you see what he did next?
 - Obviously, you got divorced.
 - Get divorced.
 - Abandoned his children.
 - Actually, it was a bigger thrill.
 - Just packing all this stuff up and driving around a Zamboni.
 - In 2006, two skating rink workers were fired
 after driving a Zamboni to a Burger King drive-through.
 They got fired immediately, and the director of parks said,
 "When we interview them, they didn't seem to be too concerned about it."
 "Did they leave the Burger King floor extremely smooth?"
 - I don't know.
 - I don't know.
 - I wish we moved on, guys.
 - Yeah.
 - Oh, can I tell you a really cool thing you can do with ice super quickly?
 If you get a bit of cheese wire and you hang weights on either side of it,
 and you get a big block of ice,
 so like make a big block of ice, bit of cheese wire,
 hang two liter bottles of water on either side of the cheese wire,
 and you put it over the ice.
 So it gradually cuts through it, yeah?
 And the ice re-freezes behind the cheese wire as it cuts through it.
 So the cheese wire will cut all the way through the ice, come out the other end,
 and you've got a completely intact block of ice.
 - That's amazing.
 So you spend all that time and all of your objects are exactly the same as they were when you started.
 - Hopefully it's almost a food dialect.
 - Okay, it's time for fact number two, and that is Anna.
 - Yeah, my fact this week is that in 1912,
 the Toronto government ran a fly swatting competition.
 It was one by a 15-year-old girl who killed half a million flies.
 - So, so weird, it's...
 I think I read about this on a site called Knowledge Nuts,
 which I think it's covered in it.
 It's a really great site, guys.
 I felt like I had to mention it, because it's not in many other places.
 So this is this contest that flies were a massive problem in 1912.
 They spread lots of disease, there was manure everywhere,
 there were big piles of rubbish everywhere in the streets.
 - So that wasn't the flies.
 - I was going to say, the flies aren't causing the manure.
 - They're going to cause very small amounts of manure.
 - Yeah, so they're writing to the problem, I would say.
 - Well, actually they aren't they doing the eat manure,
 and then they produce a different type of manure.
 - What's interesting about that is they take manure,
 and then they replace it with manure.
 It's very much like Anna's ice.
 - They redistribute manure.
 They're redistributing manure on people.
 The government didn't like it, and so the Chief Medical Officer
 in the Toronto government got together with the Daily Star,
 launched this contest.
 Every contestant had to be under 16, and they said they give away cash prizes
 to the children who brought in the most fly corpses.
 And there were people who came, and they came to the,
 this guy called Dr. Hastings, who was the Chief Medical Officer,
 and they brought their fly corpses to him every day,
 and he counted them up.
 And there were lots of quite strict rules,
 so you couldn't try and pad out your pint with other material.
 That was against the rules.
 You couldn't breed the flies once you got them in order to make more,
 because that kind of defeats that whole object.
 How do they know you're not going to do that, though?
 - Exactly.
 - They just asked you not to.
 It was on trust.
 - That's like, what city was it in China,
 that started offering a bounty for every mouse,
 or rat tail or something?
 - Yeah, I know people just made rat farms,
 and then just like, but brain mass bred these rats.
 - It's quite crafty.
 - The idea of padding it out with other stuff, though.
 Because that's in a Greek myth, isn't it?
 Someone, you know, the someone is going to pay the gods some tribute,
 and he puts in the sack of rubbish awful,
 but then he puts a nice steak on top of it,
 and the gods think, oh, it's sack of steak,
 and then they work it out, because they're not complete idiots.
 - There was an old scam that they used to do with vegetable oil,
 in that they'd sell you a massive tank of vegetable oil.
 But actually, it would be water with oil on top of it,
 because of course, oil flow, and you don't see the oil part.
 - And that is why cooking oil now always comes in transparent bottles.
 You've got to see it all the way down.
 So we've established that piling rubbish underneath
 and putting the valuable thing on top is a common trope,
 and the Toronto government anticipated this, and said please don't do it kids.
 - Why was the competition only for 16 and younger?
 If this is a genuine problem, they were trying to solve.
 Why would they then suddenly, we only want youth involved?
 - People have got jobs, Alex.
 - Well, kids, have school.
 I bet this girl, Beatrice White,
 skived a lot of school to get this good.
 So this is the girl who won it,
 and she set these proper traps,
 and if you look up, if you go to old newspaper archives,
 you can see pictures.
 They're quite elaborate, so she put raw liver underneath them,
 and she designed a one-way funnel,
 and then she'd agitate fly, so they flew towards the raw liver,
 it went through the one-way funnel,
 and then they'd get stuck in these contraptions,
 she'd built out of wood and wire,
 and then she'd collect them at the end of every day,
 and she'd delivered 500,000 flies to the government.
 - It's amazing.
 - She killed them with poisonous, well, didn't she?
 - Yeah.
 - I wonder what poison kills flies.
 - Ooh, I know one.
 - What? - Arsenic.
 - How does that?
 - Because fly paper used to be full of arsenic.
 And people would soak fly paper in water,
 let the poison leak out, and then you'd have poisonous water,
 and people would, people murdered each other in the 19th century,
 with fly paper water.
 - Today? - Yeah, you'd say, have a nice glass of water.
 - There's one called Florence Maybrook in 1889,
 who poisoned a husband who was convicted
 of arsenic poisoning a husband using fly paper.
 - Really?
 - Oh, yeah, but didn't she claim that he liked to self-medicate
 with arsenic for his libido?
 And there wasn't enough evidence either way,
 so she escaped being executed for it,
 but she did stay in prison for a long time.
 - That's a whole crime work, that's a whole thing.
 We think you did it, we're not totally sure,
 so we're sort of going to go for a piece of a sentence,
 but not a full one.
 - What they should have done is stuck her odds of fly paper for 20 years.
 - If she was a Greek parable, that would have been what they had done.
 - My husband and life actually liked shooting himself.
 Was it for his libido?
 - Well, they did used to use arsenic in some medicines, I think,
 didn't they? Tiny amounts.
 So maybe, yeah, it's plausible, I believe her.
 So for many years, in many places, collecting flies
 and giving them to the government has gotten you money.
 So in China, officials in Luai Yang offered $125 per 2000 dead flies during a campaign.
 Each fly was worth about seven cents.
 - Was that a massive amount for a fly?
 - Yeah, it is, it's a recent, sorry.
 - That was quite recently, yeah.
 In Pennsylvania, in Mansfield, Pennsylvania, in 1914,
 it was five cents per pint of flies.
 You would get, in 1988 in Manila, it was $4.75 per 1000 flies.
 So all the prices are very different.
 - Yeah.
 - And there was a guy called Mr. Bellen.
 - About whom James has nothing interesting to say.
 He just doesn't really want me to get that name in.
 - It would be great because he was collecting flies.
 It would be great if his name became a verb to collect flies.
 I Bellen, he Bellen, he Bellen.
 No, he was delivering an average of 200,000 dead flies per week,
 making about $1,000 a week.
 - Wow.
 - How was he doing that?
 - Well, he wouldn't give away his tricks.
 And what tools was he using?
 Well, people suggested that he was hatching maggots himself.
 An allegation he denied, vehemently.
 - Well, you would do, wouldn't you, with $1,000 a week?
 - He said that catching flies are a lot like hunting or fishing.
 You, first of all, you have to find out where they hang out,
 and then you go there.
 And he used a giant fly swatter which he invented himself.
 - When he say invented, was it just a fly spot, but much bigger?
 - He wouldn't give anything more away in the article that I read.
 - Just, you said that to catch them, you have to go to where they are.
 - Yeah.
 - So, the second place in this competition in Toronto in 1912
 went to a girl who lived quite near a 90-meter-long heap of manure.
 - She knows.
 - She never thought that would be an asset for the parents of buying the house.
 - And so much with the fly catcher competition.
 I can actually afford a slightly larger heap of manure now.
 But they ran the competition the next year.
 They ran it for a second time, and there weren't any flies to catch.
 Because Beatrice White had scooped them all up.
 But her sister came second following year.
 - And she still, her sister still caught 200,000 or something?
 - No, she got 50,000, nothing.
 There's still a lot of flies.
 - Newspaper, the Toronto, I think it's the Toronto star.
 - Yeah.
 - The Toronto star in Toronto, they tracked down Beatrice White,
 who would have been about 71, I think.
 And they ran a headline, "The Queen of Fly Killers Found Alive."
 And they gave her a count of insecticide to thank her.
 - Yeah.
 And she said that the 50 dollars that she'd won,
 she desperately wanted it to pay for her music lessons,
 and her dad had kept it for himself.
 - Really?
 - Yeah, tough times.
 - That is bad.
 - I think each housefly can carry 6.6 billion,
 sorry, obviously not billion.
 Each housefly can carry 6.6 million bacteria on it.
 Many of which are bad.
 I know some are good.
 We all end up with a yackled advert.
 But some of them are bad.
 - You wouldn't have passed down a pint of flies
 in the vague hope that some of the bacteria might be friendly.
 I gotta say, though, the difference between a million and a billion,
 it's like, it's hardly as if, "Oh, thank God it's only a million."
 - I wasn't thinking, "Don't be ridiculous, Alan."
 They couldn't have a billion.
 They must have a million.
 - It seemed silly to me.
 Okay, it's time for fact number three.
 And that is Alex.
 My fact this week is that when animating 101 Dalmatians,
 Disney photocopied the dogs.
 - Is that why they're black and white?
 - Was that of the office party after the shooter then did?
 - We photocopied our bums.
 What else can we do?
 - Do you know who first came up with the idea of photographing your body parts?
 - No.
 - A genius of some sort.
 - Yes, Einstein.
 - No, Andy Warhol.
 - Really?
 - Apparently, it seems like he was possibly the first person to do it.
 In 1969, he walked into an art supply store and he knew the owner,
 who's called Donald Havanek.
 And he convinced him to let him do some photocopying of himself.
 And there are images of him with his face on a photocopier.
 He didn't do his bum as far as I know.
 - I would wish that the first person to do that,
 knowing that human condition would have been the person who invented the photocopier
 moments after inventing it.
 Because that's going to be the first thing you ever do in the photocopier.
 - I don't know.
 What I would be impressed by, because everyone now has photocopied parts of
 themselves using the flatbed on a photocopier.
 I want to see the person who photocopied himself using the document feeder.
 - That'd be amazing, yeah.
 - Yeah.
 - Sliding yourself through.
 - What do you mean they photocopied the dog?
 - So this was in the late 50s.
 Disney had made Sleeping Beauty and the way that they made that was that every
 single frame of the film has to be really painstakingly drawn
 and then transferred onto painted onto glass cells.
 And this is a really expensive and time consuming process.
 And then it didn't do very well at the box office.
 So Disney was thinking of shutting down their animation offices.
 So they had to come up with cheaper ways of making these films.
 And so one of the creatives at Disney got some equipment from Xerox
 and modified it and found a way of basically photocopying certain elements of the drawings
 and putting them onto the glass cells.
 So they then next made 101 Dalmatians and realised that they could specifically photocopy
 the spots on the dogs because they're going to stay the same.
 And you need the same different combination of spots on each dog.
 And it needs to be the same dog and stay the same.
 And then the background thing to say the same.
 And they came up with this way of identifying the dogs by thinking of the spots as constellations.
 And it costed about half as much the film as it would have done.
 And kind of say Disney and then transformed the way that they would animate films
 from then on until the computer year.
 Does that mean all the spots on the dogs are constellations?
 No, they're just, they were thought of like constellations.
 Okay, I don't remember them.
 It does mean that it would have been like three Dalmatians if they didn't have Xerox intelligent.
 She just made a tiny, tiny little glove out of it.
 Maybe the Xerox machine only did 100 copies as maximum.
 Do you know what toner is made of in photocopiers?
 Is it pig fat?
 It's pig fat.
 Is it great?
 No, of course not.
 It's different from ink, isn't it?
 There's a difference between toner and ink.
 It's not ink, yeah.
 It's like electrostatically charged particles.
 Oh, you do know what it is.
 Yeah, well, it's, it is.
 But it's, there's incredibly fine powder.
 Yeah, some of it, a lot of it's rust.
 Rust.
 Iron oxide, yeah.
 And they're plastic as well, right?
 And there's lots of plastic.
 Modern color photocopy toner is 95% plastic.
 Milled into a tiny, tiny, tiny powder,
 which then gets fused by heat with the paper.
 Okay.
 I had no idea.
 The photocopy toner is not ink.
 That's why it's so expensive.
 Yeah.
 Because you always see that it's like 10 times more expensive
 than champagne or something, don't you?
 Yeah.
 And it is done by electromagnetism, isn't it?
 So I think it's a really complicated process.
 But you make the bits that you want to have toner on
 be kind of magnetic.
 And then it attracts the toner to it.
 So it needs to be charged.
 So the toner has the opposite charge to the bits of the paper.
 That's amazing, isn't it?
 Do you know this?
 I didn't know this.
 Do you know that Canon has been warning people
 to take better care of their office equipment?
 It's how they put it.
 This is what I'm seeing it.
 But especially during the festive season,
 it says the Christmas season leaves to 25% hike in service calls
 due to incidents such as backside copying pranks.
 So there is actually a big increase in photocopier accidents
 during the festive seasons.
 They've asked us to stop doing it, please.
 Well, I won't.
 I don't know what those squares at Canon have to say.
 And he just replies to the last with 20 copies of his own.
 Do you know, using a lot of people use Xerox, especially in America,
 as a generic word for a photocopier?
 Yes.
 And according to an advert from 2003, Xerox said,
 when you use Xerox, the way you use aspirin, we get a headache.
 And that they really hate the way people do this.
 And the reason being is something called generic side.
 And what it is, is it's when you have your brand becoming
 so ubiquitous that everyone uses it.
 It means that you can't really claim intellectual property over that word.
 And so it means your trademark is basically dead and buried.
 Yeah.
 And that's why Google don't like you say.
 I'm going to Google it.
 They want you to say, I'm going to search it online using google.com
 or Velcro.
 They don't like to be called Velcro.
 Obviously, there are advantages to that
 because you become a very famous brand.
 But then at the same time, it's very difficult to protect your trademark.
 I mean, it hasn't worked for Google, for instance.
 Where are they now?
 Yeah.
 Crushed under the Ask Jeaves juggernaut.
 There was a bug in 2013 in Xerox machines which meant that
 sometimes numbers would be randomly replaced and photocopied.
 People would be photocopy really important documents.
 And then I think falls would change the ones.
 And then this guy--
 That explains 404 Dalmatians.
 The guy did like a TED talk on it and kind of revealed this bug.
 And then Xerox took him on board and fixed the bug.
 Wow.
 Yeah.
 That's good.
 That's amazing.
 Okay.
 So the guy who invented the photocopier or the Xerox is so nice.
 It's a really happy story.
 It's just from a start to finish.
 This guy's called Chester Carlson.
 And he was brought up really poor.
 So he used to have to sleep in a chicken coop sometimes.
 He spent some time having to sleep outside.
 Where did the chicken sleep?
 They slept in his full poster bed upstairs.
 But he came up with this amazing technology,
 which was really complicated.
 And when people talk about it,
 combined loads of different techniques
 that no one had ever thought of combining before.
 And was rejected by more than 20 companies.
 And it's since been called like the most important thing
 to happen in printing since the printing press.
 Because his technology also was what laser printers do.
 So he basically came up with modern printing and photocopying.
 But he eventually--
 you know when you expect to get to the end of these stories,
 it'd be like, oh, he sold the rights to someone and got a tenor.
 He then went into perpetual motion.
 Didn't stop spinning for the rest of his life.
 He got a 16th of a cent for every single Xerox copy made
 throughout 1965.
 Which was a lot.
 That's why it's so expensive.
 No, as long as that is about 10 years, the period.
 Through 21965, yes, from when he made it.
 But he lived really humbly.
 And he never bought much staff.
 He gave all of his money away.
 He would never ever wanted his name to be on staff.
 So when he gave his money to universities and stuff,
 he asked them to put it in honor of the teacher who'd inspired him and things like that.
 Is it possible that that was just cover story
 and that what he did was he invented a photocopie
 and then just photocopied money?
 No one really caught up with him for years.
 Well, it effectively is.
 It's printing, isn't it?
 Basically printing money, yeah.
 A 16th of a cent for every Xerox copy made is unbelievable.
 Yeah, that's the same.
 Yeah, but I know you're right.
 He gave it all away.
 But he had a business partner at the start.
 He was a guy called Otto Kornai, I think he might have been an Austrian, I'm not sure.
 But he walked away about a year into the process.
 He said, I don't see this going anywhere.
 I do.
 And he could have been a multi-millionaire.
 But, yeah.
 I know.
 But Chester Carlson, the reason he tried to invent a photocopie in the first place
 was because he worked for years as a law student and a patent attorney.
 And he spent like all his time copying legal documents by hand
 and developed chronic arthritis because of it.
 And he was just so pissed off that he had to do this.
 That he was like, I need him sheen for this.
 Hi.
 He did other, he had other inventions.
 Uh, there we go.
 I'm not sure, I'm not sure.
 I'm not sure.
 A raincoat with gottas to channel water away from crowds away.
 Now, actually, that is a good idea.
 He invented a toothbrush with replaceable bristles.
 He invented a transparent toothpaste tube, which seems really unnecessary.
 No, I would love that because how does they get the stripes in it?
 It's transparent. It means that people can't hide awful inside your toothpaste.
 The top millimeter is toothpaste and the rest is just big fat.
 The number of times the aquafresh have got me with that trick.
 Do you know where photocopying has been banned?
 Oh, um, in the, um, in the Bank of England.
 Oh, that's a good idea.
 North Korea.
 Um, it's, well, it may well have been.
 I don't know how many photocopies there are in North Korea.
 But in 2010, in Tibet, it was banned.
 People in the capital would have to register their name if they wanted to make photocopies.
 Basically, the Chinese authorities were worried about people spreading literature saying,
 "Hey, maybe the Chinese should leave Tibet."
 And so they said, "Well, no more photocopying for you."
 Fuji has developed a new robotic printer that moves around,
 allowing your office, bringing documents to the person who printed them.
 That's a great idea.
 That's awesome.
 Yeah.
 I mean, our office is quite small.
 I'm not sure how much we get.
 And it's got a step in the middle of it.
 Yeah.
 So if you're in a public space and you have some documents which are quite secure or sensitive
 and you want to print them out, you don't want anyone else to see them.
 You don't want to print them and then have to go over because there might be someone
 who stood there and they might read your, your anti-Chinese propaganda.
 And so I'm sorry, I've said sorry about printing that using the office printer, right?
 And so if they come to you, then it means that you'll always get the right
 once.
 I guess, but isn't there a risk that someone intercepted on the way?
 Yeah.
 You know, if people look at my screen in the concert, they see I'm on free to bet.com.
 The sensitive document robot keeps on chopping back and forth to me.
 Yeah.
 Actually, photocopying is a holding sensitive document.
 It's a major issue that there's someone, this guy is trying to highlight.
 So I didn't realise this, but every time you photocopy something,
 then it stores exactly what your photocopy done a hard drive. So since 2002,
 they photocopies have got a record of every single thing that's been through them.
 So there's this guy called Jun-Tunen who has a digital security company and he tried to prove how
 risky this is by buying randomly buying up some second-hand photocopies. So we bought up four of
 them to show that they hold all this digital information. He actually said we didn't even have to
 wait for the first one to warm up. One of the copies had documents still on the copy of glass
 from the New York Police Department. Oh my god.
 What? They didn't even take it out of the thing. They hadn't even take the sex offenders list
 of the flatbed in the photocopies. So he opened it up and got that.
 But he hacked into the hard drives and he got, for instance, 300 pages of people's individual
 medical records. So all details on the medical records. Like blood, blood descriptions, blood test
 results, diagnoses. He got lots more lists of sex offenders. He got lists of paystubs and people's
 bank details that they'd photocopied. So yeah, this is a thing. Old photocopies are holding.
 Was one of the photocopies he bought from the New York Police Sex Crimes Department,
 something like this? It must have been, right? It must have been.
 I think it must have been. He probably was waiting, hovering on the eBay button,
 breakers and ages. Slam, got it.
 Okay, it's time for a final fact and that is James. Okay, my fact this week is that seeds have brains.
 And James doesn't. Are the houses under two aren't brains are they? Are they the same?
 Well, they're smaller. If I was talking to one of the party, how long would it take me to notice
 that I was talking to a seed? I think that you don't, you tend to make that decision not just based
 on people's brains. Okay, let's say it's got a face painted on it. He's not talking to people if you
 notice their brain, what if it's not working? I think that guy over there is an ACON. It's anything.
 Case I was being rude. So what this is is they've taken some seeds and they've worked out how
 they make the decision of when they need to germinate and they've looked at all the different cells and
 they found that it's just a few cells that make this decision. And it's very complicated, but the way
 they make the decision is quite analogous to the way that animals make decisions with their brains.
 And so the people who have done this study are saying that basically it's very similar to a brain,
 but much smaller, much simpler, but it's similar. Now that doesn't mean that they have brains like
 us because they don't, but it's basically quite interesting because the last time plants and animals
 had a common ancestor was like 1.6 million, sorry, stupid. Even though it was that much time,
 they've kind of come up with the same solution to the problem, which is by using these cells to
 communicate with each other and then saying, okay, now that we've communicated, we're going to
 release these hormones, etc. So it's about the cells communicating with each other within the seeds.
 Exactly. And that's, I mean, what is a brain apart from a few cells communicating with one another?
 Yeah, it's all minus. It's kind of like you guys.
 But it kind of sounded like it's slightly, well, in the Oscar, it pulled it down a bit to half of
 the cells are saying, like, grow, grow, grow, grow, grow, and the other ones are saying, like, don't
 stay, stay here because stay at seed. And it's just up to, like, then it's then deciding which one
 to follow. Just like when you're in bed and you're like, stay in bed all day or get up and do stuff.
 Yeah. And it's pretty analogous to that because for plant, it can't sprout too early in case the
 temperature gets cold again, but it can't wait too late. It can't stay in bed too late because then
 all the other seeds will have sprouted and they'll crowd out the results. So it is like that. You
 can't get out of bed too early because it'll be dark and you'll get bump into things, but you can't
 get out too late, otherwise the tube will be very busy. There was a good headline in New Scientist,
 which is quite misleading that said, it just said, plant parents tell their seeds when to sprout by
 passing down their memories. And I thought, this is going to blow this podcast wide, oh, plant up
 memories and they transmit their memories to their children. This is unbelievable.
 It can't transmit memories to each other. Actually, what it is is, but it is still quite interesting.
 So as you say, it's important when seeds sprout and actually sometimes they might want to sprout
 earlier, depending on the weather and the plant parent can work out. So if it's warm weather,
 it knows that it'll make a slightly thinner casing for its seeds. So it sprouts quickly to
 take advantage of the weather, whereas if it's cold weather, the plant senses that and automatically
 makes a thick casing for the seed. And that means when it's dispersed, it takes longer to hatch
 out and the weather will have got warmer by then. So in a way, that is clever. It is very clever.
 But that's like me saying, like, if I put my baby in a hat that I'm passing my memory to it.
 So on plant seeds, you know, organ oil? No. I went to Morocco at the end of last year and they were
 banging on and on about organ oil in every single market. They're like, you love organ oil, don't you?
 From organ trees. Yeah, organ, or organ. Organ. So it's a thing that's really
 popular now, apparently, for girls to use in their hair. It's a, it's a big deal. I can see why you felt
 we would know. Look at Andy's hair. That's riddled with organ. It's ripping with organ. I'm hoping
 it's actually water that I was sold as organ oil when I was a trainer in Morocco. But anyway,
 this is kind of, this is a massive boon. I'm popular it is for places like Morocco, where
 it's made. Organ trees were the ones where the goats live. They are. So 60% of organ nuts, which is
 where you get organ oil, are distributed by goats. So you're right, organ trees are the ones that
 goats climb up and they can get light up to eight metres up a tree. And then they eat the organ
 leaves and the fruits and stuff and the seeds. They then regurgitate within about a day and they spit
 them out somewhere else. And that's how they're distributed. So this organ oil that you ladies and
 gentlemen are putting on your skinnier hair or whatever it's for, has been dispersed by a tree climbing
 goats. That's very cool. I have a fact about those goats. Go on. It's that the domestic ones don't
 know how to climb trees. And they have to be taught by keepers, human keepers how to climb.
 How do they teach them that? I don't know. I haven't found any footage beyond just that fact.
 It's well worth googling organ tree goats, isn't it? Yeah. If you haven't seen that picture before
 it's yeah. Or you can watch the special feature of how to do QI research on volume two of the
 QI DVD box set, which is all about organ trees and goats. Oh, that's how I must have known that.
 That me too, yeah. So elephants transport seeds as well. They can transport seeds up to 65 kilometers
 away from the tree that they've eaten, the fruit or whatever. And that's by far the biggest
 mover of seeds out for any animal at all. You know, like three times more than any birds or
 anything like that, yeah. That's incredible. And it comes out in their feces presumably.
 It does. Okay. So they could, they travel 65 kilometers between poos. That's what it sounds like,
 doesn't it? I've done that on a motorway before. You transported the seeds from self-mins to
 carbie services. Where do you think 75% of Mexico's sesame seeds go?
 They go into Andy's car to travel up the other six. They get turned into halva paste.
 They go to McDonald's. They do. They will end up on McDonald's bird.
 Three quarters of all those sesame seeds in Mexico, I think that's amazing. That is amazing.
 Wow. Wow. Oh, what else do you use them for?
 It's halva paste. No, what else? Is that another hair product?
 It's made. No, it's the use of food. It's a mouth product.
 If you put it in your mouth, it's delicious. Is it? Okay, great. I'll look it up.
 So it's food then. It's a food. Okay. Yeah, I call it a mouth product.
 I read an article about Mexican farming the other day. It was about the avocado farmers in
 various cities. They've now formed their own militias because they were being ripped off
 in blackmailed and extorted by gangsters and they have proper assault weapon militias,
 concrete bunkers, all this stuff just to protect the avocado crops. It's so valuable to them.
 Isn't it avocados though that they would be extinct if it weren't for humans eating them because
 they lost the mechanism to distribute their seeds? That is true. It's because avocado seeds are too
 large to pass for any animals that are currently extant. So the thing that avocados evolved to be
 distributed by has been extinct for 12,000 years with a very large illness. Yeah, it's evolved to be
 distributed by Pears Morgan. It was a ground sloth, guys. It was a three-meter-long ground sloth called
 the Megalonics Jeffersonie and eight avocados and then it was able to distribute the seeds,
 but they haven't existed for 12,000 years and we don't know why avocados have managed to exist
 without them because humans surely haven't been distributing avocados seeds in a systematic way
 for 12,000 years. It seems unlikely and yet they've stuck around. Can I just say something about
 brains? So when you sleep, your brain cells shrink to half their normal size. As you sleep,
 your brain cells literally get half as big as they are. To do a head shrink? Yeah, it's all the size.
 Is your brain literally 50 per size? Yes, it is. Have you never seen a sleeping person? It's like
 an old-sized body and then a doll's head. No, it's incredible. It's unbelievable. Is that why you
 yawn when you wake up because you're like re-inflating yourself? No, they found this out recently,
 they can shrink by up to 60 per cent while you sleep and they think this is because I think we've
 mentioned that they've recently discovered that the purpose of sleep they believe is to flush out
 all the waste from your brain. So it allows fluid to travel around your brain cells and in between
 them and kind of flush out all the useless stuff and that's why your brain uses the same amount of energy
 when you sleep as when you're awake because it's doing all this stuff and it's thought that by shrinking,
 it creates more space around the cells so that the fluid can flush through them more easily and get
 rid of all the waste. That is amazing. Isn't it so cool? Yeah, that's amazing. If you get a
 bowl and you put it in a female bowl, this is and you put it in a cage with a male bowl and then
 you stimulate certain parts of its brain then the female bowl will fall in love with the male bowl.
 So which brain are you stimulating? The females. Really? Yep. Why would you do that? Is this some kind of
 Shakespearean comedy where they have a love potion? The taming of the bowl. No, this is just a
 study that was done in Atlanta and they got this bowl and they stimulated it and put it in with the
 male and then they put the female bowl in to another cage with both that male and another one and she
 always went to the one that she was hanging out with while she was being stimulated in the brain and
 then they did it with another bowl who hadn't had her brain stimulated and she would more often go
 for the new guy. Oh really? It's got anything to do because the bowl is an anagram for love and if
 you're scrambling someone's brain up they're just like, "I'm a bowl, I'm in love." I didn't know we knew
 that bowls felt love. I'm excited. I think we might be extrapolating in the same way that I
 extrapolated that this was a brain in a seat. Don't believe anything you've heard over the last time.
 Okay, that's it. That's all of our thanks. Thank you so much for listening. If you want to
 get in contact with any of us about the things that we've said you can find us on Twitter. I am an
 Andrew Hunter M James at X-shaped Alex at Alex Bell underscore and Anna. You can email podcast at
 qi.com. You can also go to our website which is no such thing as a fish.com and you can hear all our
 previous episodes on there and we're going on tour. We're going on tour all over the UK in October
 and November of this year. So go to qi.com/fishevents to get tickets for that. Anyway, I'm going to go back and
 carry on writing our new book. Oh, we got a book coming out. We have. That sounds great. What's
 it going to be about? It's going to be about the news of the year and you can get that by going to
 qi.com/fishbook. Okay, we'll be back again next week with another podcast. Thank you so much for
 listening this time. I am good bye.
